There seems to be quite the demand for a homestyle breakfast joint that unlike other greasy spoons, is more family friendly.  I get it, i get it.  I tried Cora's just out of curiosity really, it's been receiving rave reviews.  

I ordered my usual, pancakes.  I love pancakes, and any breakfast opportunity I get, pancakes are my numero uno choice! The pancakes are HUGE, HUGE I tell you! I don't think I could have finished half of them, even if I wanted to. Got a pour-bottle of real maple syrup and we were off to the races.  To tell you the truth, the pancakes weren't that great. Firstly, they weren't hot. Secondly, they were a little flavourless.  The fruit on the side, though a nice added touch, it was already too much food as is.  

I'm not sure if I'd ever go back to Cora's... I heard their bagel sandwiches are pretty good, so maybe that was my biggest flaw.. I just ordered the wrong thing.Ǿ
I come to this Cora's when I don't feel like being risky and trying out a new place. Cora's is consistent even though it is slightly pricier than most breakfast places. The only things I get here are: the eggs benny, the crepomelettes, and the skillets. Came here this morning to get their "eggs ben et dictine" with ham (you have the option to get 1, 2 or 3 eggs benny) and a mocchacino. The food was, as expected, but the mocchacino was just too sweet with no taste of coffee. It was basically a hot chocolate. My sister got the breakfast on waffles and requested a normal vs. cheddar waffle. The waffles were mushy and the sausages were mushy; hence why I stick with my usuals. 

The food came fast...our server got us everything we needed... it was a pleasant experience overall. The owner/manager looks quite intimidating and seems like he runs a tight ship. This location is also good for large groups. If you reserve, there's a nice "separate" room with windows that they set you up in.Ǿ
Definitely an A-OK place... Just came here with my sis-in-law with 3 small kids. Satisfied all our brunch cravings.
- Eggs benny w/ smoked salmon
- Omelette
- Kids brioche with strawberries
- Kids crepe with banana n nutella
Bill came up to $45 (incl. Tax n tip). Good food but not great, we got seated pretty fast during the Saturday brunch rush. Friendly service, a little slow, but understandable.Ǿ
When did breakfast become a $50 venture for the family?

Special occasion maybe, like in 2012, just before the word ends, so you don't actually have to pay the credit card bill.

Everything was overpriced and it felt like I had to mine through the fruit to find my breakfast.

I think Cora lost her way on the way to Toronto.Ǿ
The food definitely looks better in the photos, as usual, so come in with average expectations. 

Yes, Coras is overpriced for a good portion of items on their menu ( 6oz of fresh juice = 4$ ) and yes, service isn't spectacular either, BUT - they have a large variety of items .. literally couldn't choose today.. and they have gluten free as well as healthier choices. 

I have only been to Coras a few times for the blueberry pancakes, which are hella good in my opinion, but tried something off their new Fall lunch menu today- the Mexican Crepe. It wasn't bad, but the black beans had a chipotle flavour which I'm not a fan of... nothing that couldn't be fixed with some salsa, sour cream and hot sauce though. Side salad  with some odd bean mix which was supposed to be quinoa was sad, also came with a soup side which I took to go. The meal plus my sad cup of juice was just under 18$.Ǿ
Tired and bland feeling. When this restaurant first opened near me it was a nice change of pace from the usual stodgy, greasy breakfast places with its fruit heavy plates. But, honestly, now that it has been there awhile the food has consistently failed to impress. As mentioned, it's a nice change of pace to have lighter breakfast with more fruit, but it always seems like when they bring you the food the fresh fruit on the side has been cut up way too long ago and just isn't appealing. Also, the food seems overpriced for what you're getting. With so much of the plate being fruit, you'd think it'd be more affordable than it is or at least on par with better breakfast places. The actual meal is always done proficiently, but don't expect anything special or with any flair. Also, I often go there with someone who is allergic to certain type's fruit and every time she specifically asks for these to be left off the plate and it's always a hassle (sending it back, etc.) to get it done. 
Underwhelming.Ǿ
While in the GTA visiting family, the parents and I had breakfast at Cora's one morning.  The resto had a nice setup; cozy, homey feeling, with the addition of the vibrant images painted on their walls.  I absolutely love going out for breakfast however, I had the most difficult time figuring out what to order off their menu!  I think their fruit cutting techniques distracted me from my desired pancakes, bacon and eggs.  I thought it was unique but in the morning, I like fruit that I can eat and not fruit I don't want to touch to avoid ruining it's beauty.

I ended up ordering the Cora's Special, which came with a crepe, four slices of bacon, sausage, ham, two eggs, potatoes and fruit.  I'll say that it was a hearty breakfast loaded with meat!  I'm more of a bacon guy than sausage but I have to say, that was one piece of great sausage!  I wasn't too keen on about the crepe as it was heavy and tasteless.  Their coffee was decent; definitely not gourmet but not instant either.

Our server was friendly but not that attentive.  We had to flag her down several times to get coffee refills and to get the check.

Overall, albeit a pricey breakfast for three, it was a different experience.  I feel that they need to focus more on the quality of the food than distracting you with their glorified sliced fruit.  With that said, we never made it back for a second round of breakfast during our visit.Ǿ
The eggs Benedict are wonderful.  The hollandaise sauce were rich and creamy. Make sure to ask for caramelized onions on top of the roasted potato wedges. You'll thank me later. This meal alone is 780 calories but well worth it.Ǿ
Worst brunhc experience ever!

Arrived at 11:30am.  We waited for about 5 minutes for our table of 4 but I warn you, the wait could get up to 30-45 minutes if you happen to be in the rush.

The area we were seated was super tight, chair budding chair and practically sitting up the table.  It took about 10 minutes after we sat down before someone came to take our order.  We ordered beverages first and it took the waitress 10 minutes to bring us our coffees.  The latte I ordered was spilled all over the saucer, totally messy.  Finally when it came time to put in our food order, the waitress was so rushy, she totally had no manners treating us patrons!  The food came exactly 30 minutes later, 30 MINUTES for 1 order of omelette, 1 order of breakfast burrito and 1 order of regular eggs/bacon/hash?

The food was mediocre and small.  Quality vs. value was off.  No one came with free coffee refills.  Its a loud restaurant but more exciting things were the breaking dishes, MULTIPLE times.

After paying, we only put down 10% tips because of the horrible service and the waitress had the guts to glare at us!  I could've been totally mean and leave her no tips!

Cora's you just lost yourself 4 customers.Ǿ
always love breakfast food, especially when it comes in crepe & waffle form.

the place is bustling for a weekday morning at 11am; waitress was busy but friendly, service was good. the kids menu was sooo much simpler than the regular one, which may not be a bad thing, after all.

chose the "bobby button" w/bacon, tomato, and cheese omlette inside, there were four--FOUR--large slices of crepe, with a little cup of fresh fruit on the side. they didn't look much at first, thin as the crepes were, but i was so full after two slices i could barely finish the rest (and i already gave one huge slice to my bf). now i know what they meant when they said "for hearty eaters...", duh.  guess my dessert crepe (i intended to get the banana+choco one!) will have to wait now.

bf had the ham & egg crepe wrap; for some reason the taste of it reminded me of mcdonald's egg mcmuffin, and my bf concurred. i guess i'm more used to crepes for desserts (sweet) than for meals (savory) to begin with. kiddo cousin loved her waffle topped with fresh fruit (and some milky sauce); her meal even came with a choice of juice, at some $5 only!  ours, on the other hand, were more on the $8-10+/plate side, not including drinks. 

brunch or breakfast, this is the place for a good start of the day.  looking to try their dessert crepe & waffles next time!  ms. cora, come to america soon (she said she would), i'm so sick of IHOP!!! xD

btw, they have locations all over toronto, maybe other cities in canada too.Ǿ
A good place for breakfast.  Lots of omelette, waffle, crepe, and egg dishes to choose from.  After having been to a number of breakfast joints in US, my parents commented that Cora's dishes "are beautifully presented, look healthier, and taste just as good".  

This Cora is located in a strip mall at the corner of Warden-Hwy 7.  Nothing exciting nor inviting on the outside to draw you in, but once inside, you will find it's sunny, cozy, and often energetically busy.  Give it a go!Ǿ
Went for brunch and ordered the crepes. Normally do not like anything overly sweet but the crepes were not even sugary.  The waiter was alright, not overly content we ordered waters but it was an ok experience.Ǿ
Hmmm, I always end up coming back time and time again, forgetting why I aways say I won't be back... #memoryofagoldfish

If you are looking for a traditional bacon & eggs brekkie, this a good place to go! I end up getting the construction pretty much every time, which is a good one to go with if you're ever unsure of what to choose. They make that kinda stuff pretty standard each and every time. For some reason, I decided to pick something off the lunch menu: the Pulled Pork Mac 'n Cheese. Sounds amazing, right? Nah, was below average for sure! Not a strong flavour you come to expect from pulled pork at all! Also supposed to come with a salad (which they gave my home fries instead...), but it was essentially lettuce with no dressing and a couple strawberries! Did come with Chicken Noodle soup which was decent though. My brother also got the Panini off the lunch menu, and had the same expression I did...

I had a free coffee, which was nice, but still pricey overall at about $40 for 3 people! Service isn't always the greatest, as they always seem to miss things and make mistakes. Decor also reminds of a kindergarten classroom with large, colourful pictures on the wall! Lol. A relatively small location to boot, I'd say go down the street to the other location if you insist on going.

To Cora: until the next time I forget!Ǿ
So Cora's was introduced some 25 years ago in Quebec, and finally after the long wait we are now so gracious to accept Cora's delicicous breakfast offerings!
I have been to the Markham location on several occassions, and Queen St in Toronto. There is however a brand new opening in Pickering for those east enders looking for the best breakfast in the City!
It seems that it takes me the same amount of time to figure out what I am going to eat, as it does to actually eat the meal. There are so many great choices, from Cora's Special - Eggs, Ham, Sausage, Home Fries to an absolute incredible Omelete - Im a bacon and chedder type of guy! In addition to the great portion sizes, every Cora meal comes with super-sized garnish of fresh fruit! Im talking strawberries, cantalope, and jumbo sized grapes!
The menus is incredible, there are kids portions, and and ubandance of watering smoothie selections.
Service is average, but the food makes up for any lack luster preformance by the wait staff.
**Goodlife members receive a free smoothie on certain days, check your goodlife fitness card for details**Ǿ
Came here on a weekday during the holidays. Took forever to get coffees and even to place an order. Very slow service. Seems really understaffed, both at the tables and in the kitchen. But the staff were very friendly. The location on Yonge St. And Elgin Mills is a better location.Ǿ
Been coming here a few times a year now and honestly, it's not that impressive. The eggs are not cooked particularly special and the whole plate is just wickedly over priced!  Just not worth the money and the wait for food. 

I have not had the best service here and I certainly don't find that the negatives it weigh the positives. Just being an honest yelper, I would not recommend this breakfast place. It's nothing special and it costs way more than its worth. It looks pretty but you can't judge everything by its cover.Ǿ
I love going to coras. One of the reasons why I like it is because of the healthy choices. Unfortunately, this time around was a horrible experience.

1) service was VERY slow. Our brunch took 2 hours to complete because of the service. I just couldn't believe it. 

2) the portions were so small. I think they were running out of food so started to skimp out on the food. If you look at my pic, the bowl of yogurt was half full (if that). As the service was crap, I didn't want to wait to complain. I thought it would be ok, except when we were done, we were still hungry. FYI the kids meals were VERY VERY SMALL. My kids finished in 5 minutes and asked for seconds. 

3) the dish I like the most is the Greek yogurt. That didn't happen because the ran out of both strawberries and Greek yogurt. I ended up getting the regular yogurt. Maybe that's the reason why there was so little.

4) waitress never came back to ask how thing were. We ran out of drinks while waiting for our food. Not a very good experience

Overall may not go back except for the fact the food is very goodǾ
The worst customer service ever at HWY7&WARDEN.  The Owner-Franchisee "Wincy Pang" was very rude to my family and not willing to fulfill the company's advertised promotion and another owner "James Pang" said "What the FXXK" to my family and asked us to "Pay and Get of Out Here".  DO NOT EVER GO TO THIS PLACE AGAIN.

Here is what happened:
My family (two adults, one 2 1/2 year old and one 1 year old) went to the Cora at HWY7&WARDEN today at around 2PM. We were served by a person called Ryan and we showed the free cocktail promotion with $8+ meal purchase per customer per visit from Cora's facebook site. He confirmed that we would get three free cocktails with three $8+ meals ordered, so we ordered three meals (each is around $12+) and three free cocktails. At the checkout time, Ryan showed us the bill and we found that there was only one cocktail was rebated. We inquired on that and he talked to his manager "Wincy Pang". Wincy Pang came and insisted not giving, and told us that this promotion was only given to each customer who had Cora app registered. We told her that, however, this promotion was from Cora's facebook site without need to logon or signup for anything. She then offered to give us 2 free cocktails instead of 3, but we insisted that all three should be free since it was from the promotion and we confirmed with Ryan before ordering. She said she had to break them into separated bills in order to do that, and we said "that is fine, just break the bill into three". She then said "Come on Guys" and shake her head. I asked her "what did you mean by what you just said and acted?  It is in the promotion fine print that is per customer per visit, and we have 4 customers in total. Your company should not be advertising the promotion if it cannot be fulfilled.". At this time, a person called "James Pang" came to our table, slapped the table and said "What the FXXK do you want" to us.  He also asked us to "JUST PAY AND GET OUT OF HERE". We argued with him and Wincy what kind of customer services they were providing to customers and even swore to customers with little kids around. We asked them to credit back the drinks and we would just pay the meals.  They finally did it with 3 separated bills. We paid and said would complain to the head office and let everyone know and Wincy said please go ahead. Please also note that we had really hard time getting James name. We asked many times and Wincy insisted not to say his name until James came over and said very loud that "My name is JAMES PANG, go ahead and complain about me"

This is really a crazy restaurant - I have never experienced in person or seeing other customers being swore and treated like this.  This location should be CLOSED DOWN.Ǿ
Not a bad place to grab brunch. Lots of items with fresh fruit, which is a plus. It's a chain, so don't expect to be blown away by the food, but I've enjoyed most of my meals here. The western omelette is pretty good.

The service is friendly and excellent, which is the biggest plus for this restaurant. 

My main complaint is that the tables near the front are freezing in the winter, despite having a double door system. My secondary complaint is just how busy this restaurant is on the weekend, but you can't fault them for that.Ǿ
Went here on a Sunday weekend around 10am and it was indeed packed. The reason? I'm not very sure to be honest. The first time a few years ago my boyfriend and I went here and we were unimpressed and didn't have a good review of this place. This time this visit reminded me of why I don't come here. 

We all ordered different things, but we were all "ehhh" about it. The pictures on the menu definitely made it look 10000% better and frankly it was almost like... A lie. I've said it before, but if you're going out to eat and you have the thought of "I could make this at home so dang easily," then it's not going to be a good time. Most of the food was sad looking and it was average breakfast food. I wouldn't give it such a low review but it was overpriced and pretty ridiculous when places offer breakfast specials at $4.99 and you're paying over $11 for basically the same thing here. 

Service was ok. It was a bit slow but it was just ok. 

I think it is the convenience of Cora's being the "franchise" breakfast place in the area which makes it packed at certain times. I would not come back again if I had other options but if I had to, it's an ok choice.Ǿ
I LOVE BREAKFAST PLACES --
the vibe at cora's is so happy, so it's a fun place to go for breakfast food.

although every time i stare at CORA's menu, i get confused and frustrated --
i never know what to order...because what i want is never on the menu --
it makes me feel like something as simple as going out for breakfast/brunch (they close at 3pm) should be simple but i always have to alter their combos or ask for a whole bunch of stuff on the side for extra money if i really want to be a happy customer - like fruit, and if my eggs come with the usual sausage or bacon or pancake - or neither.  why can't i have all three?! like other breakfast joints where the combos are usually the best part of the deal...

anyway,
most of the time the servers there are fabulous anyway -- so they are great enough to offer me suggestions of how to combine what i want for a "regular breakfast" -- good eggs, a protein meat of some sort, toast, fruit, something sweet, and juice / coffee

so if you're a fancy breakfast type of person, you may love their strange quirky menu - they do a lot of specialty crepes

could get up to twenty a person for a meal which is pricy to me for breakfast foodsǾ
Not really impressed and will not return. Wanted an omelet but can't have a few items due to diet that were listed. I was told everything was Pre mixed and couldn't make any changes. So I ordered eggs benny and was dissapointed again. Hollandaise is horrible. Ordered eggs poached medium came hard. We were then asked how our eggs were cooked and we both said they were way over done (gf ordered benny poached medium as well) and we kind of got a shrug of the shoulder and that was that. Yes we could have returned them but we didnt  want to wait again as we had an appt to get too and waited a bit already. Def will not be back.Ǿ
Used to be my favourite breakfast place with my friends and family but since they've changed owners the service is poor, rushed, and rude.  The gentleman that I presume is the new owner doesn't know a thing about customer service,  speaks in chinese,  and runs the place like a chinese restaurant.Ǿ
I have been to numerous breakfast places, and have come here multiple times.  I have been craving Yoghurt lately and this time I find the Yoghurt bowl really dry.  They refused to add more Yoghurt to my Yoghurt bowl and asked me to buy more instead.  Gees, if I were to buy more,  I would go to Menchies next door where there are way more Yoghurt flavors. They swore by their portions and just refused to budge. It is not about your portions,  but any what your customer experiences that meal based on the presented food.  Just a bit more Yoghurt is not something worth fighting over.  I left very unhappy.Ǿ
Cora's does breakfast right!

The restaurant has such a cozy, homey feel to it when you walk in. With simple menu drawings on the wall and the courteous staff, you feel so welcomed.

Cora's has so many different options that it may become frustrating, but trust me...you really can't go wrong. We came on 2 separate occasions in three days and I ordered the 1990's harvest and the crepe panini. The 1990's harvest consisted of cinnamon french toast topped with fruit. The cinnamon french toast was just scrumptious and the fruit is always a great touch. Taking a bite of the crepe panini, I definitely found myself saying...winning! Such a creative idea and so tasty!

Where Cora really shines is their presentation...quite possibly the most beautiful plates of food I have ever seen. Order one of fresh fruit menu items and you won't want to take a bite of the food and mess up the beautiful design. 

If I lived in Canada, I would definitely become a regular at Cora's!Ǿ
A friend wanted to come here for his birthday so went with him for lunch. I got the 1990's special with cinnamon French toast with bacon, egg, and fruit while friends got an omlette a breakfast special. 

1990's has that sweet and savory thing going on which works pretty well, the omlette is supposedly good too. 

Would go back again, staff was friendly and sang for my friends birthday.Ǿ
I decided to give this location another try and definitely saw an improvement. Wincy, the customer service manager came to apologize personally for the poor service last visit, which I appreciated. I got the hazelnut banana crepe smaller portion, but it was still huge! I recommend sharing a dish if you don't have a huge appetite. There was actually jam for our toast this time, and our waitress was friendly. Would come back again for bunch!Ǿ
My girlfriends and I like to meet up at Coras for brunch every few Sundays to catch up.  The location at Dufferin and Steeles has gone downhill in cleanliness over the years so we decided to make a switch to the Warden and Hwy7 location this time.  Cutlery thay is not sticky when you sit down is very refreshing.  Once i sat down to wait for my friends i was greeted by my server and offered a beverage to start.  I loved the service.  Topping up my coffee.  Making sure we're okay often but not obnoxiously.  The food was okay.  I had crepes and bacon.  Maybe not the best choice as the crepes were very rubbery like they've been sitting under a heat lamp for a little while but its weird because the food came really quickly.  Maybe I'll try the waffle next time or the omelettes.  Definitely a place I would return to.Ǿ
Really do not think there is much quality to the food served at this Cora's location.  Based on the three times I've visited the food have been sub par: the fruit salad isn't fresh, the potatoes are not crisp (or evenly browned and the eggs are underwhelming.  I do find the staff friendly, hardworking and consistent.   Dishes seem to be cooked without passion our care for the presentation, compared to my initial visit in downtown Toronto a few years back I'll say this one needs some work.Ǿ
Very over priced. Service is slow like molasses. There are SEVERAL other places in Markham to enjoy a proper balanced breakfast, at a much cheaper price at that! 

Avoid like a plague.Ǿ
UGH.... why do my friends ALWAYS insist on getting cora's whenever we want to grab some breakie!?! Please enlighten me because cora's is one hell of an overpriced breakfast place. I will literally bring you back to my house and MAKE you bacons/sausages/pancakes whatever, if it saves us $11 each -_-

Okok, I'm not gonna deny it is pretty damn satisfying to have someone cook you breakfast in the morning. My friends and I like going after we're done working an earlybird shift (5am-9am) It's pretty relaxing even though we look like hobos. (if you see us, don't be alarmed!) 
We all like getting the 'construction' - probably because it's mostly meat. Bacon... yum. But if you think about it.. it's literally just bacon, sausages and fruit. I CAN DO THAT. I can never understand why it's so damn expensive. 

There's a lot of variety in the menu, but the food quality is mostly average. This cora's is hella booked during weekends so don't even try.. it's not worth it. 
The workers here during the weekdays are not competent and came asking if we were ready to order after not bringing us a menu even though we've been sitting for over 10 minutes. We were too tired to wave him over, even though he was near the kitchen area chatting it up.

Meh, avoid. Unless your friends must drag you to go.Ǿ
We went to Cora's this morning, it had been a while since we went there. We only had to wait 2 minutes before being seated. I had the choco-choco crepe ( chocolate crepe with Nutella and fruits. ). My wife had the Cora's special. The portions were big and tasty. The waitress was friendly and came around a few times for coffee refill. The price was a bit more but considering the portion size it was fair. Will come back since my wife wants to try the omelettes.Ǿ
Not really my type of breakfast joint..

I prefer the sausage and eggs, steak and eggs, bacon and eggs..Peameal bacon and eggs... 

This place's menu is great for yogurt type of breakfast with assorted fruits.. pancakes.. 

Coffee wasn't all hay great..

Would definitely choose McDonalds over this place any day.. but that's just because I like man food...Ǿ
The cutlery and plates were too dirty and nasty for my liking. I would not come here again as their price does not match their service. Forks and knives were dirty, as well as their plates that they served my dish in.Ǿ
I came here before, but didn't have much recollection of the breakfast that I had.

Seats were easy to grab - however, it is a Wednesday lunch.

I came here again today and got myself a smoked salmon egg benedict.  I've actually never had an egg benedict before in my life, but GOSH, it was DELICIOUS.  I absolutely loved it!  Not only that, they give you some potatoes and some fruit at the side.  The only problem was that my fruit got into some of the hollandaise sauce, so that wasn't that great.

The service was mediocre.  Our waitress only came by once after we started eating, and it was hard to get her attention when we had to grab the bill.

Other than that, delicious food!Ǿ
Service is a tad slow. However, the food was good. My favourite thing to get is the Rosemary's Sunday. It's a bit of everything- pancakes, turkey sausages (yes you can replace your bacon for ham or turkey sausages), fruits, and eggs.Ǿ
Went on a weekday just before lunch time. It looked like there were only 2 servers working which could account for the slightly slow service but our server was very nice and welcoming.

I had the Mountain of Fresh Fruit Waffle. The custard they put on it was better than expected - it was light and refreshing. My mom had the Brunch Burger from the kids/teen menu. It was difficult to eat as it came apart very easily. Overall, both orders were nothing special other than being expensive for what you get.Ǿ
Breakfast isn't bad, it's very filling but I had an issue with the service and the food.

We came here on a weekday and it wasn't very busy.  There was one table that was available in the area but it was still dirty, we didn't want a booth for six.  When we asked if we could get a cozy area in the other room, the hostess went to ask a server who said no the area was closed.  We were moved into another area and it was ok, but one of the tables was wobbly.  When we brought it to the hostess'es attention she said she'd be back to put something under neath.  She never did.

Server wasn't mean but not really pleasant.  We had to ask for refills for tea, whereas the dude beside us automatically got his coffee refilled.  Food arrived warm not even hot.  Food presentation is nice.

Wouldn't come here because of the service and food.  It's a nice concept but they dropped the ball on this one.Ǿ
there was an ELASTIC BAND in my omelette. they told me it was the elastic band was from wrapping the broccoli? Thats a terrible excuse. I was chewing on a ELASTIC BAND. Disgusting!!!!!!Ǿ
I like Cora's. They do a lot of things right. Bottomless coffee tastes fine. It's diner coffee all right but it's not watery or tasteless. Menu selection is great. Got the standard big breakfasts with eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes, the fruits, omelettes, covered most basis. Atmosphere is very bright, clean, brunchy- suburban style - aka not hipster and not trendy but family style. It's a bit pricey, each dish is about $8-10. 

I've tried many things on the menu and I would say everything tastes about a 3/5. Nothing exciting but glad to have them in town.Ǿ
This is my place for a decent breakfast, the only downside is there is always a line waiting to get in. I've never gone to this place, went in, and got a seat immediately. Its ALWAYS jampacked.

The ambiance here is great, the servers are very pleasant and well trained and of course, the food is fantastic. To avoid line-ups I've tried eggsmart, sunset grill, even dennys and I have to say Cora's is still the best by far. It's easy to notice that the sausages they have are of better quality and everything else is done well consistently. Portions are also good.

With the exception of the constant wait, there really is no reason for me to complain about this place.Ǿ
I loathe the fact that breakfast options are so limited in the area.  Bluestone bistro used to be amazing but unfortunately closed due to the impact of highway 7 construction on customer volumes.  You know what you're getting at Cora's - and for me, that's not enough to bring me back on any kind of regular basis.  I would reluctantly bring my family here due to lack of options.Ǿ
I love breakfast food... eggs and cheese, yum!  The menu is large and so it was hard to make a decision, but I went with an omelet and it was fab.  I was just a tourist passing through, but this joint was great for tea and hit of brunch.Ǿ
Not a serious breakfast place unless you like crepes.   For simple bacon and eggs, you get two eggs, sausages, toast and home fries for $11, compared to Wimpy's' or Sunset's 3 eggs for $8. 

Im sure the entire table surface had been wiped with a cola infused rag for that sticky "non-slip" effect.  Also, half of the sausages had turned bad. 

The staff is very friendly, but that's where it ends.  Needs work!Ǿ
I came here for breakfast and got the black forest crepe. It was really good :) not too sweet and the tart cherries were great (not maraschino cherries). The English cream tasted a bit like yogurt rather than vanilla cream, but I've never had any before so I'm not quite sure what to expect. The service was great! All of the staff were very friendly, welcoming, and attentive. Overall, the food was good but some of it was a bit pricey for what it was (like the fruit dishes).Ǿ
Don't understand the poor ratings given to this place. 

I went there on a Sunday morning (10:30am) and it was packed. Needed to wait a couple of minutes to get a seat but the overall process was fine. Sure, the prices are on the expensive end especially for a breakfast (expect around 15 bucks per person before tip and tax) but the quality and choices they offer do justify the price in my opinion. 

The portions should be good enough for most people (remember, this is a brunch hence it should be "lighter" than a regular lunch). Service was more than fine too.Ǿ
Quite a bit of a wait, though lucky in getting a parking spot.

After agonizing over the menu again.  I just caved in to my cravings: Strawberry Waffle.

So Just had a Strawberry waffle. Yummy. However pricey. It was too  bad they do not have a lunch specials on the weekend.  They had $3 strawberry waffles which are smaller in portion, but at least I could ala carte it with something else.

I want to try the Theo Au Gratin one time.

Nice part I discovered today: Free WiFiǾ
I found Cora's to be bland and a few dollars per plate too expensive. I was visiting from San Diego and had the 2 egg 2 bacon plate and my mom had a French toast plate with some sliced fruit and coffee. The coffee was tasteless. The food tasted like something I would be able to make at home (I am a poor cook). There was no attempt to be creative or innovative.  I don't plan to return.Ǿ
I was on the fence about trying Cora's because of their reviews but I loved it there!
The service was good, I never had to ask for a water refill once. And the food was really yummy, with big portionsǾ
Came here yesterday for my birthday brunch. Unfortunately we got molded toast and that was gross!!!! Make sure you guys check your bread before eating it! Otherwise, everything else was pretty standard. Breakfast poutine and smoked salmon benedict was good. Did not like their savory crepes though. Service was ok.Ǿ
Popular restaurant. Service is bad and slow. Food is good. Price is expensive for what you get.Ǿ
The female washroom has 2 stalls, 1 was clogged and the other one was over flowing! It smelled like someone had got really sick. Let the manager know & he said okay...he did nothing about it. He continued to seat people and take payments for the rest of the 30 minutes we were there. Gross!Ǿ
Food Quality & Price: I ordered the Spinach and Cheddar Crepeomlette with Hollandaise Sauce. It was delicious!  Freshly made to order with lots of fresh fruit on the side. The food look EXACTLY as shown in the photos on the menu. Prices of each "brunch" dish is between $10 - $15.  Tea costs $2.45 but that's with unlimited "hot water". 

Facility: Warm, clean, brightly lit. Ambiance is quite noisy though (Sunday around noon) and the place is pretty packed. Utensils were clean, trouble finding some parking in the plaza. 

Service: Great service. The host/manager was very kind, seated us quickly and personally came to say good bye.  Waitress was kind and efficient.  She also offered information up front "Would you like any mushroom or cheese on top of your fries? It tastes good but does cost extra."  Attentive but not pushy, I was very pleased despite the fact that they were at full capacity. Also has FREE open wifi.

Overall: Had a wonderful experience. Hoping that this service and food quality is consistent. For a breakfast/brunch place, definitely met my expectation. Will return soon.Ǿ
Cora's seems to be the brunch place of choice for many couples and families in the 'burbs. I totally understand why. It's a bright clean atmosphere, which makes it fun to get up and head over to, when all you really want to do is roll over, and hit the 'snooze' button. Personally, I find the decor a little sterile and character-less. Cora's is a med-scale brunch chain geared towards families. 

I find Cora's largely overrated, and I'll tell you exactly why. The breakfast entrees, although very attractive to look at are far from spectacular once you get a mouthful. I am a huge breakfast/brunch person (if I can pull myself out of bed on time on weekends), and my visits to Cora's have never ever wowed me. 

The menu choices are all on the high side, and for the price I've had a much better spread at some widely brunched Manhattan hotspots. I also always get the feeling at Cora's that the waitresses are constantly upselling, and service lacks very notably when they haven't succeeded. (I was totally dropped on one 'memorable' occassion, waiting for my bill for about 20 minutes.)

I know there are better breakfast spots in Markham, but I'm still keeping my eyes and mind open for 'the one'.Ǿ
Just like any other cora's this place is busy, clean with good food.
So why the 2 star??
It boils down to customer service. I have a 1yr old so we order off the kids menu. Scrambled eggs and bacon. We asked if we could switch the bacon to turkey bacon... you would think a simple switch would be easy since you can do that with the adult menu. 
Apparently not .... 
we were willing to pay for the difference but we weren't able to make a simple switch 
It seemed like the manager who was running the show was more interested in people coming and going instead of servicing their current people.