Extremely disappointed. Only my second, and last, visit. Entered about 2:45 on a Saturday afternoon. The place was empty. Waitress was polite. Service was prompt. But ALL of the food was about to assume room temperature when it arrived at our table. Cornbread muffins were cold and dry. My Big Beef sandwich came on cold, un-toasted Texas toast. There wasn't even enough heat in the sandwich to melt the slice of cheese they threw on it. I informed the waitress and she offered to heat up anything for us. Too funny! Yeah, send everything back to the disgruntled cook who didn't have the professional integrity to do it right in the first place. No thanks! Horrible.笑
Tried the restaurant after liking the cart. VERY fatty pork. Maybe some people go for that, but I couldn't eat it. Nevertheless, they charged us. The waitress was very understanding, but the boss appears to be a real glassbowl.笑
Hands down the best pastrami sandwich I've had in town. Very good beef and pork. It would be an everyday lunch option for me if they offered more vegetables/more healthful sides. As it is, Blowin' Smoke is an occasional treat.笑
On a recent visit I have changed my mind about this place. I love the location and the restaurant itself, the service was good and everyone is friendly but the food just wasn't that good. First impressions with the two sandwiches we ordered was bad. Instead of a nice bun your get two big pieces of white bread! They call it Texas Toast but this was just thick cut white bread. The brisket was cooked properly but it's too big of chunks for a sandwich in my opinion. I like it chopped finer. My wife said the same thing about the Kanas City Carolina. The taste was just ok and we will not be running back there for a while. Especially with Smoky Jon's in the same area. Neither one of us ate much of the white bread, we just threw the bread away and ate the meat. The potato salad with dill has way too much dill in it and the corn bread was dry. My advise it to get a nice whole wheat sesame bun and shred the meat! Oh, and I agree with another Yelper, the front door. Its hard to find. A big mistake for first time customers.笑
LOVE this place.  The owners are using a flavor style that is different from typical Madison based BBQ restaurants.  We really like Blowin' Smoke's style.  The menu has a good variety.  The front beer garden is awesome.  The location is a little off the beaten path but worth a visit.笑
Well worth the drive north!

I had the brisket and it was delicious. Only a few places deliver on fresh, smoky taste of real BBQ And  Blowin' Smoke is one of them.  

Tender and just the right amount of smokiness - drive out to see them.笑
A little off the beaten path, but worth finding. Food was good & quick, service was good, & cost friendly.笑
As someone who takes her BBQ seriously, having lived in GA for 5 years, I must say I was pretty impressed with the BBQ here at Blowin' Smoke. The brisket was delicious, but I found the ribs to be a bit dry, as they were a tad overcooked.  The sides were delicious and the service was great, I would definitely come back again when I am in town next.笑
Let me preface this by saying that two stars may be a bit generous.

First, the atmosphere is fine and all. No complaints here at all.

The ribs were some of the worst I've ever had, photo attached. The consistency of warm jello wasn't the worst part. Heavily coated with pepper, they lacked almost all flavor other than the overwhelming terror of pepper. Look at the picture for reference...

Additionally I got a sandwich with brisket and pork. The "brisket" wasn't even as thick as sliced lunch meat from the hy-vee, and without the flavor to boot. The pork was tolerable, but hardly memorable.

Not even sauce could save the sandwich, which was coupled together as to hide the atrocity of each meat individually. Sauce is the last resort, and even it was barely tolerable. Burnt ketchup with no flavor makes for regular, and the "spicy" consisted of hot sauce added. In no way could this be considered enjoyable.

The coleslaw was wilted cabbage in a flavorless, watered-down coating of mayonnaise that not even a mother could love.

I don't see anyway I'll be back here.

I'll give them this though, the sandwich bun was pretty good.笑
Excellent service and great food!   I think if they do as well as one might hope we will see bigger quarters, although the space is not bad.  Can't wait to get some more.  Welcome to the only Waunakee in the world!笑
Take that, Yelp! This BBQ joint is amazing! Would we go back? YES WE Would! My wife had the beef brisket dinner, and I had a full rack of pork ribs. We both had the beans, which were fantastic. The reflection of the fork was enough to cut the brisket, and the rib meat fell off the bone like it was never there. I thought Texas had good BBQ, but no, it really is Kansas.

Smokey Jons in madison was our go to BBQ joint, but things are a changing. I can't wait to come back and eat on the patio in summer.笑
I'm a northern boy, but 6 years ago I made a small journey through the south.  I fell in love with grits and bbq.  I still haven't found good grits up here in WI, but awesome mouthwatering delicious BBQ can be found on the Capitol Square 5 days a week!

The staff at the cart was so friendly and nice as they took my order.  I had a beef sandwich the first time I went, a chicken sandwich the second time, and a pastrami sandwich the third time.  I've gotten pastrami ever since.  The pastrami is for those who like their flavors to be LOUD!  It is one of the most flavorpacked meats I have ever had, and it keeps me coming back there again and again.  For a healthy alternative, I sometimes like to get a salad with pastrami in it instead of a sandwich.

For serious fans of BBQed meats, there is nowhere else to go in madison except for blowin smoke!笑
We'll be back.  Got the recommendation from a friend and wow, this place hit the mark.  We were hungry, with two kids.  The portion size was great and the food was fantastic.  We love nachos for some reason (probably the cheese and yummy nibs) but these were different and tasty.  They have barbecue sauce, not too salty, not too sweet.  Great start.  We shared a sandwich and onion rings, and that was plenty of food that was quite tasty.  Can't wait to get back after 5 when their burnt ends are available as a dinner meal.  The kids had mac and cheese and fries.  The mac and cheese was extra good according to the three year old and our son ate up his fries.  We'll definitely be back and make the trip up North.笑
Got the "Chief" today which is a four meat sampler. All the meats were delicious but really loved the ribs as well as the homemade sausage that came with it. Read a review about the cornbread being bad but tried it anyway. I wouldn't order it again. No flavor and came to me cold. Potato salad was better than expected! Will come here again.笑
We ordered food to go and the service was great.   Sadly the food was not.  We had 4 orders and they were all less than good.  Dry meat, cold unmelted cheese,  very fatty ham, and flavor less sauce.  I was very disappointed.  Drive to Porktropolis in Sun Prairie and get food that the owner actually cares about.  Sorry Blowin' Smoke but you blew it.笑
I would not compare this to Kansas City Style at all. Ordered a combo dish and couldn't eat over half the meal due to being so dry and burnt. Would not recommend this location to anyone.笑
Love this place!  The owner is so awesome... So passionate about his amazing recipes and of course: the Kansas City Chiefs!  He decided to bring his award winning barbecue  (check out all the awards on the wall when you come!) straight from Kansas City... and I'm glad he did! :)

Beef brisket is yummy, I absolutely love the chicken cordon bleu (made with my favorite item on the menu: their smoked chicken), and when you come, you HAVE to have an appetizer!  It's a tie between the the jalapeño poppers (aka jalapeño boats stuffed with goodness) and the cheese balls.   You decide for yourself! The atmosphere is quaint.  Clean, well decorated, and smells delicious from the moment you walk in.  Good place to watch football, or have a family dinner.

Yum.  Add this to your "must try" list.笑
This food cart is great!  We ordered the BBQ beef and pork sandwich and the BBQ chicken sandwich - both were very good.  I had the spicy BBQ sauce, there is also mild and super hot.  The spicy was plenty hot for me.  The rolls they serve the sandwiches on are really good too, they hold up to the BBQ meat.  I also ordered a side of potato salad which was tasty.  Guys running the cart are very nice and friendly and your order is prepared in minutes, prices are reasonable.  I believe they are my new favorite BBQ place, just wish they would open a restaurant!笑
After months of patiently waiting for the owners of the Blowin' Smoke food cart to open the doors of their Waunakee restaurant, I finally had an opportunity to grab a lunch last week.  

The Verdict:  Decidedly mixed - I loved the mountain of savory sweet potato fries and service was remarkably efficient for a new operation, but the BBQ itself did not light my fire.

The owners did a splendid job creating a cozy dining space.  The array of award ribbons from various BBQ competitions covering on the walls creates an instant air of legitimacy.  I appreciated the clean look of the stainless steel fixtures in the open kitchen space where the staff was frenetically prepping ingredients for the oncoming lunch crowd.  I'm a fan of natural light which a row of windows on the west wall provided.  There was a muted, single flat screen TV on the wall across from me.  Instead of the usual news or sports programming, the staff went with the bold choice or airing an infomercial for a spinning mop.  As for Wi-Fi, the restaurant's signal is not available to the customers according to my server.

The menu offers a variety of options beyond the typical BBQ fare.  While the appetizer choices were standard bar fare (nachos, onion rings, poppers, etc.), I was interested to see an assortment of specialty sandwiches (Reuben, BLT Club, Chicken Cordon Bleu).  The commitment to variety also extends to the sides, where they offer twelve options, including cheese curds and broccoli raisin salad.  Starting in February, Blowin' Smoke will be adding steaks, burgers and seafood options.  In addition, kudos are in order for having a small selection of reasonably priced kid-friendly items on the menu.    

After studying the menu, I elected to pork butt sandwich ($6.99) which normally comes with chips and a pickle.  Diners have the option of upgrading to one of the sides for a $1.49 up-charge and I didn't hesitate one second to go with the sweet potato waffle fries.  That was the smartest move of the day as I was served a veritable mountain of crinkle-cut sweet potato goodness.  There served piping hot with a wonderfully crunchy exterior and healthy does of salt. They paired well with the spicy BBQ sauce served with my sandwich.

I was disappointed with my pork sandwich on a number of fronts.  The meat was lukewarm and surprisingly dry - I wonder if I had the leftovers from the previous day.  It was not the succulent, tender porkiness that I previously enjoyed at their food cart.  The bun was bland and dry, reminding me of the burger buns you pick up at the local grocery store.  Moreover, for the price, I thought the serving size was small.  If not for the exceedingly generous of serving of fries, I would have gone home hungry.  Reflecting back on the experience, I should have said something to my server.  I was working on a project during my visit and was a bit pre-occupied.  I know the kitchen staff is capable of producing a much better product.

To end things on a positive note, the service I received was wonderful, especially considering the restaurant just opened.  The host promptly greeted and seated me, my inquiries were politely addressed and my server checked in on me often.

Despite the shortcomings, Blowin' Smoke is a much-needed addition to Waunakee dining scene and I expect them to prosper in their new location.  Once the kitchen settles into the new environs and delivers a more consistent product, an upgrade to a four star rating may be in order.笑
Super disappointed. Everything was dry and lacked flavor. Meat needed to be sent back as it was cold.  Was really hoping there would be a sampling of sauces at the table. Mushrooms were pretty unappetizing too. Brisket was left on the plate. Difficult to eat leather. Was really hoping it would have been a hit.笑
Totally  okay.  The people are nice, the sides are delicious (baked beans and coleslaw, both an A+).  We tried the "Chief" to sample as many different meats as possible.  Pulled pork was wonderful and the brisket was okay.  I  found the ribs and sausage a little dry.  We also liked the day's dessert: chocolate coconut bread pudding.  The place is clean and cheerful and the prices are good.  I'd come again.笑
I just ate what may be the messiest sandwich EVER, but it was a supremely noshable bit of smoky heaven.  This great food cart appears near my work on the West side every Wednesday (Charmany Drive), and my coworkers and I make a point to go each week.  I got the pork butt sandwich, which was sliced rather than pulled--a nice change.  I had a mix of the sweet and extra spicy sauce today, and the sandwich was spot-on.  My colleague wished he had more sauce on his sandwich, but I felt that mine was perfect, and that my white shorts were in jeopardy as it was.  Thumbs up!!笑
Have had takeout here 3 separate times, takeout only so take that for what its worth. I have tried the pork butt sandwich, beef brisket sandwich and the beef and pork sandwich. On all 3 occasions the meat has been very dry, and in the case of the brisket it has overly rubbery, very large chunks of inedible fat. The fact that I am mentioning the inedible fat speaks volumes as I am the type of guy that eats the whole prime rib, huge delicious chunks of fat and all. The pork butt sandwich is at a level where i would have expected it to be covered in sauce already so as to cover up its dry blandness, but alas every time I have had smoked shredded pork jerky. I myself have made smoked pork countless times and never had it been this bad even days after cooking. This is not the BBQ that won any kind of competition. Again I cannot speak to the dine in experience but I don't believe the 4 minute drive from restaurant to my office caused the issues I spoke about. Worst BBQ I've ever paid for.笑
Outstanding KC style bbq.  I would argue that they have the best ribs in the Madison area.  They blow away Famous Daves, Fat Jacks, Smokey Johns or Brickhouse BBQ.  I have tried all of them multiple times and Blowin' Smoke is just better.  They are on the edge of Waunakee off Arboretum.  I would recommend this place to everyone!!  Great service and very reasonable.  BEST BBQ AROUND!!!笑
I am a 27 year resident of the great state of Texas...

I am relocating to the Madison area and understand that WI is not exactly a BBQ capitol...

But, Blowin Smoke is awful. I was motivated to write this review because the food was so bad that they honestly have no business being in business. Not only that, but they are giving BBQ a bad name in a part of the country where the residents may not have ever had authentic BBQ.

Here's my experience:

I went for lunch and got a "lunch chief". This is a sampler plate so I got exposure to most of the meats they offer. All of the meats were over cooked and dry. The chicken smelled like feet, the pulled pork was desicated to the point that it resembled jerky more than BBQ, the rib was more fat than meat, and the brisket was so indistinguishable from the pork that I'm even sure how much I received. I had two sides: onion rings and slaw. The rings were passable but the slaw took effort to choke down even one bite. I was given three sauce sample that had so much sugar they made my teeth hurt.

I understand that KC BBQ (which this professes to be) is a different style than TX but this would not have been claimed by any part of the country.

After this experience I'm tempted to open my own joint...笑
I'm a bbq semi-snob. We've done bbq vacations in KC, Memphis and Texas, and are KCBS certified judges. This is the best bbq I've had in Wisconsin, so 5 stars. Blows Madison joints out of the water. There's big flavor in the rubs and only a very slight overcook on the ribs (which many people love).  They actually had good brisket, which is a huge compliment from me. Plenty of people say other joints have great brisket, but it's really just smoky pot roast. This is moist, flavorful and big time bbq-y. I mean Texas still makes the best brisket, but I'll eat this anytime (which I never say about brisket or pot roast...yeah, even your pot roast that you love.). The meat is the star here, but the sauce is good, too (had the spicy). Table next to us had some bomb-ass looking prime rib. Coleslaw and cornbread were fine. Moist cornbread and mayo based slaw.

Small space inside (10 tables), so it will get crowded. Beer selection is okay. Craft beer lovers will find something.  I can't wait to go back.笑
I have only had the burnt ends, and they are fantastic, I just wished you got more with your order.笑
This place has all the makings of being great: Nice building, chef with a solid BBQ background, a decent menu...but it lacks. It lacks a bit of everything. The food was good, but not great. Famous Dave's is much better. The food we got was warm, not hot. By three minutes into the meal, it was room temperature. The waitress we had was capable, but not great. She did the bare minimum a waitress had to do to keep me from feeling completely neglected, but that's all. The place was empty, too. I went at 12:45pm on a Saturday, and there was nobody in the joint. The waitress should have been thrilled to have a table. 

I think there's promise here, but the owner/chef needs to partner up with someone who knows a bit more about the service side of the food industry. You're not just plating ribs at a festival anymore, m'man.笑
We had Blowin' Smoke cater a work party with smoked ham and turkey, and it was great.  Very well received by everyone.  More reasonably priced than cold deli and tasted light years better.  The smell brought even the most diehard resisters to the party for food.  Highly recommend.笑
We were excited when we heard about this restaurant coming to Waunakee. We have ordered takeout from there several times since we live nearby and have witnessed the evolution of a new evolving business. I really enjoy the Beef Brisket sandwich along with the baked beans. I've eaten brisket in many places around the country and I find this sandwich to be right up there with the best (it keeps me coming back). I like spicy so I always get the extra spicy BBQ sauce on the side which is good in the beans to. 

I think this restaurant will improve over time as they get everyone trained and comfortable in their positions. It was mass confusion one of the first nights I was in there but the food was still great. We have gotten home on a couple of occasions to discover our order wasn't filled correctly (missing sides and an entree) which required calling and driving back. I bought a beef brisket sandwich one evening around 7 pm and returned home to eat it. Earlier my daughter said she didn't want BBQ but when I got home and she smelled it she asked if I could go back and get her one. I checked the hours they were open on the Internet and it said 10 pm. I was going to arrive around 8 pm so no problem. When I arrived the lights were still on but the door was locked. I could see employees inside cleaning up, it said 10 pm closing on the door and they were closed 2 hours prior. A wasted drive and disappointed daughter. 

I was there again last night early and the service and food was great. The owner greeted me. I think they will be a great addition to the local area.笑
Stopped by this food cart for a quick lunch to take back to my office. The beef brisket bbq sandwich was very, very good. The fresh-baked kaiser bun was not too chewy, not too tender, but just right to hold its precious meat cargo. The dry rub + sauce gives the meat a layered depth of flavor. The brisket was tender, with a really good meat flavor coming through and not overpowered by the "spicy" sauce. Note: the spicy isn't really hot, just interesting and savory. I recommend it.

The broccoli raisin salad for the side was tasty, but next time I'd probably try something else.笑
AWESOME food cart! I have had their barbecue sandwich twice and I'm in love. My only complaint was that it didn't have enough sauce the second time, for some reason, so make sure you ask for plenty of sauce! I love the spicy bbq sauce, and the coleslaw is great too.笑
Listen to me: this is good barbecue. I spent a large portion of my young adult years in Memphis, TN, so I know good barbecue. I repeat, this is good barbecue. 
My family and I arrived for dinner last Friday at 6:45pm and were seated quickly, which was delightful. We all ordered the beef brisket sandwiches. This is what you should know:
First, the smoked flavor is freaking delicious.  It's been on my mind all week. I'm sure I dreamed about it, too.
Second, this barbecue is served dry. Order the barbecue sauce with your meal if you like a wetter barbecue. I ordered the sweet sauce. 
Third, this meat is served with all the crispy, smoked meat pieces. Oh my god--the crispy, smoked meat pieces are my favorite part. They even sell the crispy, smoked meat pieces separately with sauce for dipping. I will continue to say crispy, smoked meat pieces until you are committed to loving them like I do. 
Fourth, I would have given them 5 stars for the meat alone but I also got potato salad and bread pudding, which were not my favorites. I will say that I prefer a mustard potato salad, which this was not, so maybe you "no mustard in your potato salad" lovers would like it. I found it bland. As for the bread pudding--it totally bummed me out. It was very dry around the edges. It shouldn't be. A for effort though, because bread pudding needs to be on their menu. It just also needs some work. Lose the icing glaze on top, too, you barbecue masters!笑
Food was pretty good.  Service was great.  Will go back again. Not very wide selection of beer thou.笑
Was anxious to try this place and I did today. I ordered take out that included pork, brisket, turkey and ribs. The best of the lot were the ribs, good but not great. The sliced meats all came out of steamer pains and not sliced to order. 15 minute drive home and found all of the pre sliced meats were very dry and except for the turkey (which was ice cold) not sliced but crumbled! I have never seen BBQ brisket not sliced. The staff was very friendly but clearly confused. They were running into each other and it took 25 min for my order, which was all wrong. There was only 1 other customer in the place at the time.

Bottom line, not worth the drive at all, they will have to get their act together if they are going to survive at this location.

Hugh disappointment!!!笑
So I've ordered food to go, and eaten at this establishment.  I've had the brisket sandwich and their ribs.  I enjoyed the smoked taste versus the normal BBQ approach. The restaurant is small but is welcoming and comfortable.  The service was good when I went there.  I plan to continue going there.  I was very pleased.  Waunakee needed a place like this.  Also they sell meat by the pound if you want to throw a party, so that's pretty cool.笑
Fantastic bbq. Generous portions for the price. The sweet and spicy bbq sauce was the best! That sauce would taste good on anything.笑
It's taken us a while to get out to Waunakee and try Blowin' Smoke, but we finally made it on a mild Saturday evening perfect for barbecue and a Totally Naked pilsner from New Glarus, which was on the menu. The service is prompt and friendly, the price per portion is fair and the small space is clean and modern. 

We started with the cheese balls appetizer -- who knew cheese had balls; no wonder curds are squeaky -- which consisted of about 10 golf-ball-shaped pieces of cheese, breaded in a flavorful, herby crust, fried and served just a bit undercooked (the centers were cold, but I'm not deducting any stars for this because I was stahhhrving). 

We ordered and shared the pulled chicken sandwich (skip it -- way too salty, which overpowered the smoky flavor that I think was there), the mac 'n cheese (homemade and spectacular) and the "Chief" sampler, which consisted of pork shoulder (tender, smoky and wonderful -- do it), beef brisket (tender, lean, less smoky than the pork but definitely stands on its own -- order it), smoked sausage (juicy with good flavor, but don't order it as an entree) and ribs (too dry and overcooked for me to comment on them -- I hope they're usually better).

For sides, the coleslaw is fine (slaw is slaw, really), the beans rate in the upper half of BBQ joints and the sweet potato fries are pretty good. Get the mac 'n cheese and beans for sides. 

It's a haul to Waunakee from Verona and the verdict is, I'll come back if I'm in the neighborhood -- I'd like to try the ribs again on a better day -- but it's not likely I'll make an ad hoc trip just to come here.笑
Wow!  I had a craving for BBQ and got it satisfied at Blowin' Smoke!  My husband had the full rack of Pork Spareribs and I had the Burnt Ends--man was it good!  Also, the portions, while generous, are not gigantic. Clearly all the food here is made by hand in this restaurant--and with great pride. We tried the homemade onion rings, which were exceptionally excellent--crispy, sweet and not over salted!  Really a treat!  My husband had a green salad which was very fresh and served with delectable homemade blue cheese dressing--creamy, chunky and also not over seasoned.

We finished with a soft, syrupy without being too sweet raisin bread pudding which was to DIE for!  Super impressed at meeting Robert--he's great in the dining room, meeting customers and making sure they are satisfied.  You can feel the dedication which goes into what is served at this comfortable, suburban location.

I would have rated this 4.5 stars, if I had the option.... My only real criticism is that the coleslaw could be a little more seasoned--still, it was creamy and freshly made.

We will definitely be back for seconds!;)笑
Yummy, fast, reasonably priced food cart right on the square. When you can catch them, it's a treat! I believe they hang out near the Walgreens/Graze corner on weekdays until around 2pm.

 Their BBQ sauce is truly excellent, but sometimes the sandwiches are a little lacking in sauce quantity, so I always ask for extra. Spicy level sauce of course being my preference, but even their milder BBQ is delicious. (They have 3 levels of mild to super hot sauce, if I am not mistaken.)

True to their name, everything has that wonderful smoky note. Personally I prefer their pork to their beef, but I frequently end up ordering the mix of pork and beef together as I enjoy the textural difference this adds. An extra bonus is to ask if they have any burnt ends.  Love those little caramelized chunks of goodness! (And this is coming from me, Miss Medium Rare.)  

 I have heard others mention that sometimes their sandwiches are more filled or less filled depending on the day. This has only happened to me one time, and it wasn't like I felt jilted because their prices are pretty reasonable anyway. But one of their staff members knows me as a professional friend of a friend a little bit, and I feel like I always get a very hearty sandwich. I hope this is not because she recognizes me but because they usually give good portions. But everyone I have met there has been very sweet, helpful, and efficient.  

Definitely worth a try if you are a BBQ fan. I look forward to trying their new fixed-location restaurant one of these days!笑
We got take-out from here soon after it opened.  Maybe they didn't have things figured out yet b/c the food was dry and pretty tasteless.  Can't comment on the restaurant or wait staff, but for take-out, I'm heading to Smokey Jon's off Packers Ave.笑
I've been here several times and the food has always been good and the service is fast.  My toddlers liked the food too which is always a concern to parents.  My husband said the ribs were very good and he loves the prime rib sandwich. I have had the KC blues and jazz sandwich as well as the bbq beef brisket sandwich, both are great!  We will continue to go to Blowin' Smoke BBQ!
PS They do great take-out (perfect for a week day meal) and pre-ordered meat by the pound as well (great for a party)!笑
Good bbq. Nice set up I've been here a couple of times. Wouldn't suggest the bbq salad ..   but everything else has been good

Service is very friendly and attentive笑
Not bad, not bad at all. I'm on a mission to try every food cart on the Capitol Square at least once, so obviously Blowin' Smoke was on my list.

I have to admit, being a born-and-bred Wisconsin girl, I don't really get the undying, passionate BBQ love thing. I mean, I like it well enough, but I don't understand the intricacies of sauces and spices and rubs, and I am not one to knock people over in a rabid rage to get good BBQ.

So with my inexperience on the table... Blowin' Smoke's beef & pork sandwich (recommended by the woman in the cart when I asked her for something for a first-timer) was really good. The bun held up well to its task, not too much sauce involved, and it had a nice kick without being too spicy. The coleslaw on the side was a great complement, too.

Overall? I'm not sure how often I'll end up going back to Blowin' Smoke, but I am definitely glad I tried it.笑
UPDATE!!!!  I just used Blowin' Smoke BBQ to cater my husbands surprise birthday party at our house this weekend.  They lived up to my expectations and everyone at the party was RAVING about the food!  Their catering planner that I worked with, Alex, was great and she answered all my questions.  A few days before the event I had an estimated invoice for approval and the owner himself delivered the catering...he's charming and truly loves what he does (as do we)!  Another home run for Blowin' Smoke!!!!笑
I was shocked that a fellow Yelper had not shouted out Blowin' Smoke BBQ. I am back in NY sitting at my desk after an Urban Lobster Scampi Roll and wishing I could go to Blowin' Smoke for lunch every day. Try their 3 Little Pigs (Bacon, Pit Ham, Pork) sandwich and you will have that wish too. After I had it, I tried to get my lunch there every day during my visit to Madison. A feast of porky goodness for only $6.50. Beautiful brisket, perfect pulled pork. Everything I tried is so-o-o-o true 'Cue.Sadly, I missed them on a rainy day and had to settle for Santa Fe.笑
The ribs were really, really good, and the service was polite and above average....but the sides were terrible. The Cole slaw was worst I have ever had. Seriously.  The cornbread was dry.  The menu is pricy, and the ambiance inside is just weird. It had an off feeling from the start, where we walked around the building twice trying to find a door. Hint...go inside the bank looking entrance of the strip mall.

Good place to do take out, meat only.笑
Very good cart, with consistent barbecue and decent prices.

Brisket is sometimes portioned small sometimes gigantic. I'd settle for consistently 'big'. The burnt ends special, if they have it, is worth getting. It's about a half pound of delicious concentrated sweet fatty bbq flavor. Spare ribs are a very good deal and a very large serving, but only on Thursdays. 

Prices range around $6 for a sandwich, a bit more for a meal deal. If you're in a rush and looking for some protein this is your place on the square. Service is fast and friendly.笑
Just fine.   That is her quote.   We got take out over a month ago.  Had heard of this place and just could not get up there this summer.  Saturday night, and grabbed take out.  Place was nearly empty around 6 pm on a Saturday, so I think word of mouth or advertising needs to pick up.  Or location.
I got the Chief and she had the 1/2 rack.   While choice of sides were great and both meals were satisfying, they were not spectacular.  However, I do want to go back.笑
Husband and son loved the ribs so much they almost wept!  Bought some sauce to take home.  Owner was great. Even let us do some sampling. Great little find in an odd spot.笑
We had the Best of Both Worlds sandwich, KC Blues & Jazz sandwich and smokes sausage dinner. All 3 were barely warm - almost cold. The meat in the two sandwiches was dry - had to drink lots of water to get it down. Flavor was pretty good. Not worth a second try.笑
This restaurant was pretty good when it first opened, but the quality and quantity of the food has become less and less as time goes by. My husband and I have ordered carry out from this restaurant multiple times.  We have always ordered the Chief-sampler platter. The platter is pretty pricey at $17, but we wanted to give the restaurant a good try. The portion sizes of the meal have decreased with time. At first it was an ok value-but the last time we were there-each platter portion of barbecue was about the size of your fist (all types combined together).  We also got two sides. They were out of many of the side options so we went with French fries and sweet potato fries. The French fries were very soggy, oil drenched and disgusting. The sweet potato fries were also soggy-but not nearly as oily. We had been so excited to have a restaurant near our home-but for the price we are going to go to Smokey Jon's Barbecue on Packer Avenue. More food for a bit less money and the quality and quantity of food is always consistent and consistently fabulous. Worth the extra drive.笑
Beef bisket was dry - good thing for BBQ sauce, which was decent.  Half of it fat.  Service meh, but we were 1 of 2 total parties here on a Friday night. Beer cold - good.  One unisex bathroom.  Would not do again.笑
I had 1/2 slab with Cole slaw and crinkle fries. Didn't like the slaw but that is just based on taste preference, nothing wrong with it. Fries were fries. Service was good. The only reason I eat at a bbq place is for ribs and these were the worst I ever have eaten. Some bites were moist, others dry. The worst was the amount of fat on the meat, don't know if it is because of cool time or poor quality meat, but it was bad. What should be a pile of bare bones at the end of the meal was half bones, and half fat.笑
Went with 2 other people for lunch.  I tried to order a Brisket Dinner - but they said that they only served sandwiches for lunch and the dinners were for dinner.  We were the only ones there - I wonder why?  I ordered the brisket sandwich then and my partners ordered the carolina mustard pork sandwich and 3 little pigs.  Brisket was sliced paper thin - usually a sign the meat is not something they want to brag about.   We all agreed the meat had a good smoke flavor, but it was pretty dried out and "older" tasting.  Beans were ok and cole-slaw was good.  I then figured I would try the bread pudding for desert - it was re-heated but still a bit cold.  Not worth going back.笑
This is a great little family restaurant tucked away in a small strip mall located on the Waunakee outskirts. Great barbecue ribs and even better brisket. Service is excellent. It is just a fun place with really good food.笑
NIce quiet place. The burnt ends plate came loaded with huge chunks.  I also wanted some ribs, but didn't need a whole other dinner plate, and the wairess accomodated for a discounted price on 1/4 slab.  The ribs easily came off the bone. The potato salad wasn't your plain ol' potato salad.  The corn muffins were very good.  When the weather is nice, the patio is the spot to sit.笑
I've been here a couple times, mostly as an act of support for a fellow local businessperson (because the rent on this location must be costing Blowin' Smoke a fortune.) I've never had the ribs; only brisket, burnt ends, chili, and sides. I've never been "wowed." They always seem somewhat under-staffed, and the people behind the counter always seem a bit surprised that customers have wandered into their retail location. I know that the owner has a reputation for solid food-cart cooking in the area, and maybe he just uses this as a "home base" for his other operations. But as a BBQ restaurant, there are better in Madison.笑
Great bbq, great service, good prices. They also have a drive thru. My family will be returning for sure.笑
We stopped in on a weeknight. The place was empty....
Ordered 2 dinners to go, the chicken and the sausage dinners. Both dinners smelled awful. The food was overly dry and tasted bad. We took several bites and threw out the rest.笑
I am amazed by some of the reviews on here.
I can't believe we ate at the same place!

Tried it today for the first time. Will not be the last.

Had shaved prime rib sandwich. I have probably had thousands of them in my lifetime. I have never had one that was fresh shaved off the roast and medium-rare.
It was juicy and had a divine flavor. Just the perfect mix of spice and smoke, not overwhelming the meat itself. Had a very light touch of horseradish on a toasted bread.笑
Get Three Little Pigs - Best sandwich I've ever had!  Couldn't stop smiling while I ate it.笑
1st visit to Blowing Smoke seemed a little shaky...walked in at 7:45, not knowing they closed @ 8. Ordering the first time with little or no direction was a little frustrating so we ordered to go... rack of ribs were excellent when we got home. will order to go again as the atmosphere"in house" didn't seem too hospitable笑
Sadly, this is an area I never drive past and we forget that Blowin' Smoke is one of our few meal options in Waunakee. Today we remembered and tried it out.

First, they have a catering and to-go drive-up.  That option made me a little giddy thinking of dinner nights that can be picked up and not be wrapped in a greasy fast food wrapper.  Check out their menu online as it intrigued me!

The joint is located in a building shared with what must be a child care place and something else and the restaurant itself was fairly small with about a dozen tables.  If it was full I picture it being hectic and claustrophobic.  But there is a door to the outside dining area.  Seriously folks, if the weather is nice done outside.  The area is charming with cushioned seats, potted plants and even pillows to sit comfortably in.  There are rope lights lining the area so night must be really neat to see as well.

This is a Kansas City BBQ joint.  The menu is mouth-watering and it was a challenge choosing only one item off the menu.  I simply went with the special which was Burnt Ends with fries.  While the fries were standard restaurant fries with no seasoning and enough salt to make them glisten in the sun, the Ends were absolutely amazing.  The smoky blackened outside makes you question if the meat is dry.  It is in no way, shape or form dry.  The meat was falling apart soft and the smoky taste to it was not charcoal tasting or as it is named, burnt.  

My husband had the KC Blues and Jazz sandwich with some crispy kettle chips.  I snagged a bit of the pork and found it equally tender and the jalapeño cream cheese sauce?  Wow.  I don't like jalapeños, but I appreciated that for what it added to the slightly sweet pork.

I really want to load up on some of their meats some day to try them all.  Definitely try it or if you see their food truck out and about stop in and enjoy some smoked meats.笑
This place is pretty solid.  Everything I've had has a nice smoke flavor and executed well.  The sauces are pretty darn good too.  

Today I had exceptional customer service, I ordered the pastrami sandwich and it came with mustard (I do not care for mustard) - so I double checked the menu..not listed.  Without hesitation they started me a new sandwich and said they would update their menu... fantastic, I like knowing the details and if anyone has an allergy thy can also be informed.

Anyways, great people, fantastic food.  Get some!