Good spot for several types of grilled cheese sandwiches. I had the only vegetarian option on the menu along side a tomato soup. The soup was kind of cold and I do not recall seeing "chilled" soup on the menu. The service was a little odd. Fried pickles were excellent although you can't really screw up anything fried. I know this place is new, so maybe they are still working out the kinks :)笑
Underground type spot for really good food. If you want really nice service and good food, must stop by.笑
I went on a weekday in the middle of the day and I was the only customer.  I was seated right away by a friendly staff and chose a table by the window which faces 7th Avenue. I was immediately asked what I wanted to drink, but the beverages, other than beer or wine, are not on the menu. I ordered water and had to ask for a straw. The flatware is wrapped in cloth napkins which I appreciate. For my lunch, I ordered the Merika which is traditional velveeta and cheddar on Texas toast. It's served with a dill spear which I didn't eat. I also got a side of the recommended tomato soup.  The entree was served timely, and it was very cheesey and melted through nicely, the bread was greasy and soggy and a lot of bread! The tomato soup wasn't hot enough, unseasoned, and there was no salt or pepper on the table. It was also very chunky--too chunky for homemade tomato soup. The consistency was kind of like a chunky salsa. It was served in a coffee cup and was only 1/3 full.    
The music was a folk genre, and the temperature was perfect, not too cold! I imagine this place would be a nice happy hour venue for the Melrose district.笑
I'm pretty excited about Toasted being in the CenPho hood. Reviews I read were pretty promising.

A cold and rainy day called for the perfect comfort food in a grilled cheese sandwich. The choices were endless- but I settled on the jalapeño grilled cheese on pretzel bread. A-Mazing. Loved every bit of it.

I look forward to trying different types in the future. My hope is to see Toasted start offering my other favorite offering: more artisanal toast. Fingers crossed.笑
I'd love to give more than 5 stars for this place. The staff was amazing & the food was even better! I couldn't have asked for a better experience. 

How to order from here was a smidgen confusing at first but, Samantha cleared that up & didn't make us feel dumb for not knowing (like many places we've been to)
 
Love it! 

( we got the trailer park & the caprese sandwich with French fries & the banana bread desert - literally no complaints about any of the above.)笑
We had a great experience at Toasted.  It was happy hour and dinner for 8 of us.  The owner waited on us and she was fantastic.  It always makes you feel welcome when the owner really appreciates your business and she sincerely was happy that we were there.  I would go back for that reason alone. 

The food was fun and interesting and different.  That also made for a great experience.  We tried the fried cheese curds, homemade potato chips and asparagus soup to start. All delicious. I had the Trailer Park - a grilled cheese sandwich with chili on it coated in crushed Frito chips and then deep fried.  How could that be bad?  It wasn't. I also sampled a couple of others and they were equally tasty. But the best was the peanut butter desert.  It was amazing. 

It just opened up not long ago, but they seemed to have their act together.  I will go back.笑
First time and I have no complaints. The food was great, the service was great, and things seemed calm and refreshing. I ordered the CBLT! Highly recommend! Great jobs girls, most new restaurants take forever to get things together. I was truly impressed with how smooth things went.笑
Jalapeño Popper With Bacon Grilled Cheese, Get in my belly!!! It was awesome. I asked for a cup of tomato soup and a side of fries. The fries seemed a little bland so next time I would ask for the Cajun seasoning on them. The tomato soup was good but the hand-crushed tomatoes were so large that I needed to cut them. Seriously good food though. I'll be back but next time I'll order a side salad (didn't know that was an option) and skip the $3 iced tea.笑
Menu is bit pricy, but quality ingredients and flavorful food supercede. Beer battered fries and the thin cut chips are awsome. I would forgo the side salad - it's a $2 up charge for a handful of romaine and baby greens. However, if there were more freshly chopped vegetables added to the mix, it might be worth it.  Overall great food with quality cheese selections. We will be back!笑
Really good grilled cheeses, each served with delicious homemade kettle chips. I usually roll my eyes when restaurants serve chips rather than just plain fries, but these were really good! The owner, Samantha, introduced herself to us and made sure we were well taken care of. It was my birthday and they hooked me up with one of the desserts, the Nuvia I believe--it was really good! We got the pretzel appetizer which I thought was a little small for the price (just one long thick pretzel) but the queso dip was really good. Also, the grilled cheeses are a little pricy but I think it's worth it. I had a great time here and the food and service was fantastic especially given that they have been open less than a week!笑
Meh. I was excited to come here. The sandwiches were cold and with grilled cheese, HOT and gooey is the key. Not cold. Service wasn't great. We had a large reservation and the table was not even ready for us when we got there. It was First Friday and the banjo noise was a wee bit too loud. Service wasn't great as we had to keep asking for water refills. Overall, the pros are that it's centrally located and gay-friendly (always a plus) but I wont be back. Unless it's for cheese curds. to go. because there cheese curds were divine.笑
This place can be a little hard to find, we drove past it twice. Eventually we got inside!  First they were not at all busy.  The server treated us immediately.  She helped us explore the menu and get some drinks.  

We started with the cheese curds, they were really good!!  I was impressed.  My husband ordered the trailer park and I got the daily special, mac & cheese with additional cheese and bacon!  Ok...here it is on the sandwiches:

The trailer park had the most amazing crunch factor!!  It was good!!  The chili all falls out, but it was delicious with the chips.  My mac daddy grilled cheese was really good!!  The bread was perfectly toasted and the cheese was perfectly melted.  My only complaint is that he pasta was big (not little macaroni).  This made it very filling quickly.  The chips and fries are all fresh made and they were really good!

My only complaint is that there as the place got busier the poor bartender/server/do everything in the place girl was pulled a lot of ways.  Not her fault, but the service started to suffer at his point....this is the reason I almost gave for 4 stars and not 5.  Overall I would come back!!again.笑
Pretty hard to judge the food when the waitress won't come & take your order. Brought our drinks, then handled other table who came in after us. Waitress walked towards us, refilled another tables drinks, then walked away again. Poor service. When I called to speak to manager, staff told me manager was not available because "she was out getting food." Disappointed.笑
Honestly, this place is better than when it was Harley's. I got the So Cal as a low-carb skillet, and it was amazing! The service was a little slow, considering we were the only table there, but it was worth the wait. I'm glad I only work a couple miles up the road, because I plan to be a regular.笑
My sister and I found this gem which has a creative grilled cheese menu. The service was great and the food was fresh and tasty. We shared the SoCal which had a grilled chicken breast, bacon and avocado smothered in spicy Cheese as well as the trailer park which had red beans, cheddar cheese and deep fried with a crust of Frito chips. The SoCal was amazing while the trailer park was not so tasty. Both were presented well and we will be back to try more with the SoCal. I almost forgot to mention their homemade chips are nicely browned and tasty. Great Little spot.笑
I really wanted to like this place. We came in during a very slow time. The service was fine. The food however was unimpressive. They got my girlfriends order wrong the first time and they corrected it. I got the caprese and there was no flavor. It was just half melted cheese on toasted bread. We were just really unimpressed and will not be going back.笑
Awesome little place, even have board games for you to take to your table! Great food too笑
First time here. The parking in the rear of the restaurant is very good. I Ike the art on the outside of the building. We came here on a Saturday at noon. They have a Bloody Mary bar for $4.50. I had the "Trailer Park" sandwich. Please ask the server to describe this sandwich to you and try it. You may need a fork but it was very good. Fantastic service and very nice people work here.笑
Nice little, hidden place. You can play board games while waiting for your food which is awesome and kills time.
I was hoping to get the jalapeño popper sandwich, but they were out. I settled for a plain grilled cheese and it was average. Fries were really good. My friends got the "Some Pig" and said it was awesome. 
Service is good, no complaints here!笑
They have the best fries in the valley! Great and friendly service and I'm excited to have found a new place to grab lunch.笑
Loved this place amazing, amazing, amazing went with friends and we all loved it. Tater tots were really great. Yum service was also amazing. I will go back and will tell people how awesome this place is!  Grilled cheese kicked up!!笑
Stopped in on Sunday Jan 1 morning for grilled cheese for my son who is home from school.  Had been bragging about how good the sandwiches are and he said cant be good if it is a grilled cheese.  So was going to prove it to him.   Sat down and they handed us the brunch menu.  Wasn't ready for that curveball.  Asked if they still were going to serve sandwiches not until 4.  Had brunch and it was good and the potatoes were great with my egg.  Wife had the blueberry dish and said it was great also.  Probably wont go on Sunday morning anymore, but will back this week to show my son how good the sandwiches are.  Just please serve the regular menu with the brunch menu on Sundays, don't limit yourself like that.笑
Went by for lunch, surprised I hadn't heard of this place sooner! Their sandwich variety is crazy good. We started with the Wisconsin cheese curds, best I've had so far, and the SoCal, which I'm told is their most popular item. Monterey Jack, crispy bacon, grilled chicken, avocado and a sweet habañero sauce, it was outstanding! Service was a bit slow, but very friendly. I'd definitely come by again.笑
I stopped in yesterday which I believe was their first day open. I LOOOVE grilled cheese so I was super excited to try this place. I would not say I was disappointed but I was not excited either. I ordered a plain grilled cheese which was decent the bread is soft and they use real cheddar which was good, I upgraded to beer fries which were just ok. My hubby had the turkey grilled cheese he said it was just okay. He also tried a bowl of chilli which I tasted a bite, it was decent, a little bland but maybe its cuz I like onions, garlic, chilli powder etc in my chilli and this is pretty much meat and beans and salt and pepper. Not bad but average. The service was good. Server was attentive, hostess was warm and greeted us right when we walked in. My biggest gripe is probably that our bill was $30 and we didn't order drinks we had grilled cheese sandwiches and fries and one small bowl of chilli I thought that was a little pricey. I'm in the neighborhood so I will probably give it a try again in a few weeks to support and try the bar, but still on the fence if this will be a fav spot. Oh they are open til 11 so that is a plus, especially trying to get food after 10.笑
This place is great. Had the best cheese curds I have found outside of the midwest. We got to play Guess Who while we waited and that was really fun. Our waitress was cool and paid a lot of attention to us, which was wonderful. My only disappointment was that the menu seemed small and limited after you passed the appetizers. There were only a couple meat free options, which are what I prefer. I am not sure how my sandwich was since I got full from the cheese curds and gave my sandwich away. I assume it was good because it looked amazing and smelled really good.笑
I was so excited when I heard that a restaurant focused on grilled cheese was opening close to my house!  I stopped in last weekend for takeout and really enjoyed the 'Merika grilled cheese on pretzel bread and tomato soup...delicious!  I think I will crave this sandwich and will definitely be back again and again.  The service at the bar was a little slow, but the food didn't take terribly long to come out.笑
Discovered this hidden gem by accident. 
I ordered the bacon, jalapeño grilled cheese on Texas toast with a cup of tomato soup and it was delicious. 
Simple hearty food that hits home.笑
Note: I'll update this review after going back once they've been open a while. 

Located in the old Harley's Italian Bistro space, with the same owners, and much of the same staff, Toasted has been open for only two weeks. 

My lady friend, her daughter and I stopped by for lunch on a Sunday. There were only two other tables occupied at the time. The set up is a little weird. You go in, and order at this little counter. Right now, because they're not busy this is ok, but as they get busier, logistically this isn't going to work. You order there, but you don't pay there. You pay your server. So is this a counter eatery, or a sit-down restaurant? Mixed signals right off the bat. 

We ordered the kiddo a 'Merica, and a Popper and a So Cal on Pretzel bread to share, with an order of cheese curds to start. 

The cheese curds were great. They tasted homemade, weren't super heavily breaded, and were gone within minutes.

The 'Merica was pretty ok. Gooey and cheesy, and the 6 year old ate it, which is always a good sign. The server hyped up the So Cal, but it was only so-so. The rhubarb habanero sauce gave it an interesting sweetness that wasn't all that complimentary, and there was no heat to it at all, which was a little surprising. 

The Popper was the best sandwich we ordered, I think. The jalapenos were hot, but not overly so, and it tasted like a jalapeno popper sandwich, with nothing too weird. It had great flavour, and just enough heat.

The highlight of the whole meal was the dessert: The Nuvia. Manchego cheese, raspberry reduction, green apples, with a sweet honey-like sauce, deep fried with corn flakes. This was fantastic. Sweet, but not too sweet, the perfect balance of sweet and savory. I'd be inclined to order this for lunch.

Overall, the food was pretty good. Not great, but good. The prices, however, not so much. With tip, lunch for the 3 of us cost $60. This is just crazy. There's no kids' menu, no option for a half a sandwich, no lunch deals at all. I would have been perfectly good with a of The Popper and chips. $60 for lunch is a bit much. Especially when that lunch is essentially sandwiches. There's no option to upgrade the side to cheese curds, so you have to order a whole appetiser. 

The decor is sparse, but I know they're still in the process of getting things together, so I'm hoping they do more to it. The service still isn't great. My coke sat empty for quite a while, and the kiddo's water was refilled, but not my lady friend's even though her glass was empty. The music was... odd. It was a little loud, and played top 40 pop hits and weird hipster music. When we stepped out of the car my partner said, "It sounds like a club... at lunch time..."

I'm hoping the kinks get worked out before they "officially" open next month. I really want to like this place, as I really like the owners and want this to succeed. They need to do something about the prices, have better lunch options, ditch the counter ordering, and make sure the service is up to snuff. I'm not keen on spending like that for lunch, or dinner for that matter, for sandwiches.笑
Unfortunately it is owned by the same people that owned, and then closed Harleys which was a go to place before it was purchased by this group. While the food at Toasted is 'ok' the overall service and experience hasn't changed since we stopped going to Harleys  ... we were so hoping for an experience like Cheesies in Chicago  ....笑
Great food, good service. Had the jalapeño popper on gluten free bread and tomato bisque. Everything was made with quality ingredients cooked to perfection. The relaxed atmosphere and friendly service make this place a new favorite.笑
Don't waste  your money. They use way to much cheese  in their sandwiches and they lack any real flavor. The soup is mediocre.笑
I seriously wanted to love this place! I mean come on, a restaurant that specializes in Grilled Cheese... I'd say YES PLEASE! Unfortunately I left feeling disappointed. 

The concept is great but the execution is kinda off. I ordered the Caprese grilled cheese and my friend ordered the patty melt grilled cheese. Mine (the caprese was way too sweet. I'm a fan of balsamic glaze but their recipe is very sweet compared to most. It threw me off big time and ended up trying to fix it with salt and pepper.. no luck. I ended up eating only half of it. As for my friend's patty melt. He said the French fries which were on his were supper soggy and made the texture of the sandwich very odd. Another weird thing about his was that on the menu it states that the patty melt comes with lettuce, tomato and onion... don't be shocked when your sammie comes out with the lettuce, tomato and onion on top? 

I had the chips as my side and they were super disappointing. I was expecting warm fresh homemade chips with some flavor... these were over cooked, stale and very bland. My friend got the gumbo soup for his side which he said was "just okay" (no shrimp is sight)...

All in all I'd say the food is VERY AVERAGE and just okay... 

On the flip side our waitress was AWESOME! She might be one of the most pleasant waitresses I've ever come across! Sooo... hats off the her for killer service! You made our experience way better!笑
I take no issue with the decor, but I could. The service was really random. Drinks remained empty for several minutes at the beginning and middle of our meal, but at the end - I'm not exaggerating - at least five servers came by within 5 minutes asking us if we wanted refills. 

Our appetizer (pretzel and cheese, obviously) was the best part about our meal, but came out AFTER our sandwiches, leaving us rushing to eat the hot pretzel and cold sandwiches. Speaking of sandwiches, they deserve one star. Nobody wants to eat a cold jalepeno-popper-inspired sandwich. NOBODY. It was REALLY heavy (to be expected), but might have been palatable if it wasn't icy inside. You can't really screw up a grilled cheese aside from burning it. The hot version of my sandwich could have been delicious, but I'll never know. You literally have one job, Toasted: get the hot sandwich to your customer and let it cool down in front of them.

Also, the fresh-squeezed lemonade tasted like piss. Maybe this place has growing pangs, maybe it's destined to be a failure. I'm not sure I want to try it again.笑
Three stars for now.  I'll update after a second visit.  My initial visit was on a Wednesday evening with my friend Michael.  A reunion of sorts.  We were greeted by Samantha.  She was extremely friendly and proud of the menu as she proceeded to share her recommendations and backstory of Toasted.

We learned that the majority of their sandwiches are toasted in the brick pizza oven.  I enjoyed the aroma of the bread toasting.

The lemonade wasn't overly sweet. Portions were sizable except for the cheese curds appetizer.

Highlights?

1) Fresh homemade ranch...buttermilk.  

2) The cucumber wasabi tasted like Tzatzki without the tart edge since it also had a buttermilk base.

3) Lightly seasoned fried chips with a perfect crisp.

4) Banana bread peanut butter whipped cream cheese bourbon caramel!  The bourbon flavor was very subtle.

5) Samantha came to our table and kindly answered my questions.  Service overall would rate 5 stars, at least for this visit.

My rasbrie sandwich was good, especially with the addition of green apple.  My friend's meal was a bit heavier just because his option had a fried pickle and fried cutlet.

Looking forward to another visit to update this review to a 4 or 5-star review.笑
This is a great place for a break from anything that's got you stressed. The atmosphere is pleasant with big bright windows and board games scattered around the spacious dinning area. And really, who doesn't love a big cheese oozing crispy grilled sandwich?!?! I'll be back here real soon!笑
Seems this particular location simply can't get it right.  The once glorious "Livia's" became "Harley's Bistro" and slowly went downhill.  The last owners of Harley's evidently  thought they would change the menu drastically as they were serving garbage and the reviews mirrored this.  Guess what, folks...you failed miserably one more time.  Perhaps it is time to think of a house cleaning franchise.

The raved-about battered fries were no longer on the menu.  The sandwiches were bland, less than average and the bread!  Plain ole white bread!   Dull, dull, dull.  No returns for us.笑
I have dined here now a handful of times since they opened.  The location is very close to my home downtown. I really love the side salad with the house Greek feta dressing- it always tastes so fresh and tangy. I have never seen it very crowded. As a matter of fact I have begun to wonder if they are going to be able to stay open due to this factor?  I hope the local community takes notice that they are there and gives the place a chance.  It is very easy to miss the driveway, being on a curve on 7th ave. and there isn't a sign that reaches out grabbing your attention. I honestly feel this would be the PERFECT location and menu for a late night/after bar close success. Phoenix so desperately needs more late night places to eat and who doesn't enjoy a grilled cheese sandwich of any variety after the bar closes!?笑
Amazing! The sandwiches were amazing and the owner was a delight! I don't understand the bad reviews at all. Great atmosphere and great food and drinks!笑
Great new concept adding variety to Phoenix concept resteraunts k so give them a tad of a break.....

Let's start with the positives.

1. The trailer park. Grilled cheese sandwich with chili  dipped in frito lay chosen and deep fried. 

2.  The big full bar is a great addition to any meal.

3. They seem to use quality cheese so you don't end up with a greesy mess.  

4. The board games are a great addition and help kill time.  

5.  You can tell this is a new owner who has the support of friends and family so you feel the love exuding amongst the chaos and stress. 

Now room for improvement.....

1.  The staff is clearly flustered by the popularity.  They need to take a deep breath and have fun because the stress rubs off on the customers and is noticeable while you're trying to enjoy your meal. 

2.  The deserts need help.  They need to be sweeter. Raspberry apple grilled cheese needs more raspberry less cheese.  Add some Carmel to the banana bread.  Also add in some fun sexy drink pairings.  Better than Sex in Key West has a perfect drink menu that would be perfect for this place.  

3.  They could use a non cheese option..... grill a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and call it the Intolerant.  

4.  They could use better bread.  

5.  They need a system for the kitchen.  Between order and delivery of food is about 30 min......far too long.笑
This place was pretty good! I got the trailer park. And it was great, for the first few bites. After that, it is waaaaaay heavy and kind of sickening. But what else would you expect from a grilled cheese sandwich that's stuffed with chili and fritos and then deep fried?笑
This place was so so good! Love the concept of a grilled cheese gastropub. The atmosphere is quaint and laid back. The place is small, but cute and they have board games on every table. We had the "jalapeño popper" grilled cheese sandwich and it was amazing. The sandwiches are a good size and the side of tomato soup was divine!笑
I have always loved this bar.  Always friendly service.  If you have never heard of this place, find it and go!笑
According to Yelp, an article in New Times, and the companies website---this place opened at 11am on Thursdays. Sadly, by 11:05 am they still were not open. The curtains were pulled closed, the chairs were flipped up on the tables, all light were off---the place appeared vacant. There were 2 vehicles out front, but not a soul in sight! We were planning on going here for over a week after reading great things about it, but not when a company cannot manage to keep their hours updated on various social media sites. We are extremely disappointed. Not sure this company will have a very long shelf life considering how abandoned & unkept the place looked today.笑
Just came to Toasted with a group of 8. When we arrived we were 1 of 2 large tables. Everything was fine at first, then the restaurant started to fill up.  After waiting 30 min we noticed that other tables that came in after us were being served and we were still waiting. 60 min later without apology or explanation from our waitress we received our food. Most of our party had to leave immediately and took their orders to go. When we brought it up to the server she did not acknowledge or explain. It was unacceptable. I understand things happen in the kitchen but explain that. Not coming back笑
A new start-up that I really hope makes it. Superb variations on an American Classic, the grilled cheese sandwich, populate the menu. We had the North Shore and others had the Merika. Both were excellent. They make their own chips which are also great. While currently working on their concept before formally opening, they are already on the list of come back to places for us. Friendly excellent service. Try it, you'll love it.笑
It never fails when I show up I am always greeted by friendly staff! I enjoy coming for the Turkey CranBre and the cheese curds! Both are equally amazing. I do not eat pork or beef so have not tried any other sandwich, but my friends love them all. 

I went in last week and was told they are closing at the end of April and moving downtown sad the see the go from the Melrose District, but I hope they expand the menu by adding more sandwiches!!! Can't wait to try out the new location!!!笑
Yummmm!!! We got the Castro with tater tots and the Jalapeño Popper with the beer batter fries and everything was so good! The Texas toast that the sandwiches come on was perfect. The popper sandwich was the perfect amount of spicy and the Castro was perfect amount of sweet. Can't wait to go back and try something else!笑
The food was good but nothing amazing. They were out of almost all their appetizers and beer by the time we arrived. Also, they were completely out of pretzel bread. It took a long time for our food so we did not have the best experience. The staff was very nice and the food was good. But overall this was not the best experience.笑
We loved it! My husband had the Castro on pretzel bun- Yum!! I had the trailer park. Loved!! Chili is home made and pork is slow roasted. House made fries & chips are on point! Even loved the sauces! Amazing atmosphere, comfort food & board games. Come check it out! They do brunch and are going to offer entree options from classically trained French chef. Great specials!笑
This is wonderfully melty delishishness.  Can't wait to come back!!!!!
Everything was so fresh and tasty. Love this place.笑
This place was delicious!! I had the jalapeño popper and it was delectable. I tried my mom's turkey cranbrie and that was very decadent.. Super tasty food. The staff is SO SWEET and very attentive. Cute place, reasonable prices. Definitely will be back.笑
This was a great choice! We had the pretzel loaf and jalapeño poppers grilled cheese. Absolutely delicious. The staff was great too!笑
We went on opening day for dinner and we were very happy with everything, especially since it was their first day. The staff was very friendly, the cocktails were great and quickly served, and the sandwich menu had a good variety - we had a hard time choosing just one! I had the Turkraspbrie and I loved the combo of flavors. My friend had a traditional grilled cheese (gotta love the original GC) and ate it so fast I thought she might order a second! All sandwiches are served with house chips, which were very good. You can upgrade to beer fries if you want, but we wanted to try some chips with their house made Chipotle ketchup. Awesome! The owner, Samantha, came over to our table to get feedback since they are so new, which we appreciated. She was super nice and it is good to see an owner playing such an integral part in her establishment. We then had the "Nuvia" for dessert - OMG! Our only critique is that the food took awhile to get to our table, but we will be back and I am sure once they get in the groove that will change.笑
Wife and I were excited to try this place, but our anticipation quickly turned to apprehension when we walked in. The place looks like a lame attempt at being hip. Rather, it appears as if some one came in over night with a few cans of paint and called it a renovation. Imagine a dive bar in South Phoenix with all of its interior lights turned on disguised as a restaurant during the day. That's this place. The food was actually somewhat decent. The fries were not. The white wine I had, tasted like it came from a bottle that had been opened a couple months ago and stored in the fridge. 

Now onto the service. The male server we had was great. His only negative was that he didn't take time to offer any suggestions or make any attempt to sell us on anything. The other staff members were a real motley crue looking bunch. One gal in particular, who came by to bring our drinks had more piercings on her face than all of my teeth combined. She had no personality and seemed noticeably miserable about having to work today. I understand you're free to express yourself and that it's cool and hip to have green hair and a half pound barbell coming out of your lips and nostrils, but for goodness sake, clean up and make yourself somewhat presentable. 

In closing, I highly doubt this place will survive unless they A) do a complete ground up renovation with a good interior decoration team. And B) Hire staff that members that won't make your kids have nightmares.笑
YASSS! I have been waiting my entire life for a grilled cheese joint and now it's here in my state! Area was a bit rough but these Grilled Cheese masterpieces snatched my edges hunny!!!! I got the 'Merika and it was delicious, the fries are also amazing. Our server was very attentive and I loved he fact that they offered board games while we waited for our food! This place is doing everything right and it's only a matter of time before we'll have to wait in a line around the building for a sandwich! Only complaint is that the prices are kind of high, but besides that, I'll be a regular for sure!笑
FOOD IS 5 STARS !! I enjoyed my time here, however you must have time to spend. The employees here are amazing! I chose 3 stars because there is room for improvement. One or two more staff members, organization skills within staff and cleanliness in the bar area are the things I can see that need improvement as a customer.  

Being a visitor I rely on reviews to guide my choices! So I hope my review helps others:)

The food is worth the waiting time!!!!!!!!!!!!!笑
I loved Harley's. Particularly before it changed ownership but nonetheless I was excited for a grilled cheese shop. I have crazy strict dietary issues so I can no longer have bread. I get lettuce wrapped sandwiches or just eat around the bread. I got the low carb option here. But explain to me the nerve of charging $2 more for a low carb burger? So if you have intolerance you get to pay more??! It was tasty, not amazing, but certainly decent. I can't justify spending $13 on a burger with nothing exciting going on. 

I have a better patty melt experience at Habit Burger, they wrap it up pretty in lettuce, and don't charge me for getting less than everyone else.

No thanks.笑
This is an opening day review, so I'm sure they have some kinks to work out, but this was a decent to good experience. Toasted has a cool atmosphere inside and very friendly service and a bar if you want beer. Unfortunately the sandwiches are too small for the price (8-11) and don't come with a side. Fries and chips are great and made in house for $2, and the tomato soup was really good for $4. Everything was delicious, I just don't enjoy leaving still sort of hungry for $15+ plus tip. Also the bread definitely needs to be crispier, it was pretty soft.笑
I love the food here! Best cheese curds in the area (and this is coming from someone who grew up in Wisconsin). My favorites are their hand squeezed lemonade and the Fat Elvis sandwich. They have a variety of sandwiches to choose from. Great service and fantastic location. We love the vibe too, especially the window sill seating with pillows!笑
In my eyes, this place is a 3.75 with potential to become 4+. My girlfriend and I came in on a Sunday evening. The place was busy, but not overly packed. We had the caprese grilled cheese. The sandwich itself was 5/5, I would definitely have it again. The fries we had with it, on the other hand, I could have skipped. The fries looked great, but proved to be a bit too much potato(I can't believe I just said that, I love potatoes). I would've much rather had thinner, more palatable strands of fries. We decided to share our order cause we were both feeling a bit under the weather and not up for eating much, but definitely could have ordered another caprese. The thing that stopped us from ordering another was the ~40 minute wait for our singular sandwich. Seemed a bit absurd, but we understood. Our server was attentive and friendly, I give her a 5/5 as well. 

* 3/5 for vegetarian friendliness...there was the traditional grilled cheese and the caprese. I'm sure one could have just asked for sandwiches w/o meat, but I always get the feeling of getting a bit ripped off when doing that. There were quite a few veg apps, but I would have loved to see at least one more vegetarian grilled cheese sandwich. They do have a cheese alternative for vegans: $1 charge. Not bad IMO.

I'll be back for cheese curds and beer. Or whenever I have some friends in town. I'm happy to have tried this place!笑
I went here for the first time recently with a group of friends. I like the vibe inside and the staff was nice. However, the service was sort of hit and miss. It seemed like a long time between getting appetizers and getting asked what we wanted to order for entrees. But then they would be very good about getting back to us for drink refills and condiments.

As for the food, it was just ok. I had a sandwich with turkey, cranberry, brie, and caramelized onions. But I didn't taste much else such as mayo or butter. I just felt like if I'd had the time to go buy all the ingredients, it was basically a sandwich I could have put together myself. I didn't feel like I was getting any specialty grilled cheese sandwich. I would come here again to try another sandwich. But this would not be on my list of places to impress visitors or to celebrate a special occasion.笑
Let's see.  Food exceptional.  Wait staff great. Sparse environment  I prefer theme and decorated.  Wait staff helpful and positive. Sandwich large and tasty.  Drinks were in passable size glasses.  Enjoyed.笑
I came to Toasted on Natl. Grilled Cheese Day, and had a great sandwich, the North Shore.  I am sorry the restaurant is moving, The mid-town location was great, I think.  The reason for my less-than full out "A" review is because of the trouble the server had with my bill.  I had a $10 gift card and my sandwich was $10, but the server first tried to bill me 33 cents for a $9.77 charge?? and went back twice to figure it out.  I was hoping she'd ask for help, but she didn't.  I just wanted to put a tip on the card, maybe that was the reason for the strange amount, she didn't say.  Anyway, I tried to connect with the owner, but that was before the move and now they won't open until July.  Would like to go back then if it's an easy to get to location.笑
Love  love love this place! The wait staff was absolutely wonderful (Martin). Old school games and a very quaint atmosphere makes this place a place you will want to stop by and visit. The food  by the way is great too....笑
This was our first time in here but wont be the last. Incredible grilled sandwiches. I had The Castro, a nice version of a cuban sandwich.  Truly excellent.  Came with a huge portion of fries. My wife had the SoCal, it had chicken,avocado, bacon and sweet habenero sauce. She loved it. Highly recommend this place.笑
Husband and I visited this place for lunch with my in laws. It seems like they are still trying to work out the kinks with staffing and food supply. I would be open to returning, but after waiting awhile to see if these issues get resolved.

Pro's:
- Games on every table to help pass the time
- Nice staff
- We were offered dessert on the house for our long food wait, but we declined because we didn't want to be there any longer. They ended up comping our drinks (just juice and sodas) instead.

Things they could improve:
- When we walked in it was unclear if we should seat ourselves or wait for a hostess. I finally walked over to a waitress in the bar area who seated us right away.
- Service was slow. It was obvious they were understaffed, but we were patient and played games.
- Everyone at the table ordered French fries as their side. After waiting what felt like forever we were told they were out of fries, but making more.

I appreciate the sincerity of the staff and the fun atmosphere. I will be happy to revisit once things are running a bit smoother.笑
The cheesesteak, the jalapeño cheese curds , the pommes frites and fresh squeezed lemonade were wonderful! The lobster roll not so great but hey this is land locked Phoenix and this is a grilled cheese spot! Great customer service!笑
I was quite disappointed I expected for a SPECIALIZED grilled cheese restaurant they would have been more innovative and creative. Basic blah menu, white Texas toast bread, the grilled cheese, tator tots and fries were mediocre at best.笑
What a fantastic place! If you ever frequented this location when it was Harley's you know the charm it has. This unique and very current restaurant has what it takes to survive the Melrose District.       
  
The ambiance of the restaurant has the warm glow, you know and love. I've never been so consumed by a grilled cheese sandwich, the flavors and presentation of food is dynamic! This place has a definite wow factor! To top it all off our waitress was phenomenal I feel terrible I cannot remember her name but she was attentive and so educated on the concept, the restaurant and the culture! You'd think she owned the place, she was not hesitant to have a conversation with us but never forgot to check her other tables! She definitely made our first experience a memorable one. She spoke to us by name and recommended some delicious choices! I am 100% going to recommend this place to my friends but more than that I think we found our new main spot!  thank you for this gem笑
Tried the Whole Enchilada and tomato bisque soup. The soup packs a spicy punch that I enjoyed and had chunks of tomato and onion. The sandwich Aldo had nice chunk of grilled chicken. Will have to wait to try a dessert on a future dessert only trip. Or a trip with fellow diner who could share a portion with me.笑
Food was mediocre......nothing really out of this world, but basic comfort food.  The restaurant itself is somewhat rundown, they really should have remodeled the place before they opened up. The service was horrible......they have you order at the counter when you come in, yet they don't give you the bill until the end so you are waiting for a check and waiting to pay.  It would be so much smarter if they took the order and you paid at the counter when you come in.  Basically, the restaurant is obviously operated by people that have no restaurant experience........the concept is good, but if they could work on the atmosphere and the quality of service......they might survive!!  However, I don't usually have an hour of time to spare to get a grilled cheese sandwich so I doubt if I will be back anytime soon.笑
Worst service ever, but food was great. Four of us went in on a Saturday afternoon. Not busy at all. Tons of employees but took a long time to be greeted, order, delivery, etc. appetizers came out with meal. Frustrating service and very distracted waiststaff. But...we loved our food. I will not return for a while until they get their act together. If they fix that, they've got a winner. Note: the image they use on their website shows the watermarks meaning it's copyrighted art from an image bank and they didn't pay to use it to get a hi-res image without watermark. That's a no-no guys.笑
Food is delicious!  Perfect for lunch or dinner.  Loved the fried pickles and my boyfriend loved the patty melt!笑
Never actually went inside. Came today and there was a sign on the door that said they were closed because they ran out of food. Plus side I got a free coupon which is nice but after reading the reviews and seeing the condition of the building I'm not sure ill be back. 
Call before you go to make sure they are actually open!笑
Toasted! Couldn't wait to try it when I saw that it been unveiled this past Monday.

We were greeted at the door by a very genuinely warm gentleman who gave us the low down of what we are about to get ourselves into. He took our order right at the counter and we then proceeded to sit down.

Wait staff is very attentive! Menu is a great size, and the interior was warm and simplistic.

The food exceeded what I had imagined. You can sub pretzel bread on any of the sandwiches, but the default texas toast was so good too. I tried the SoCal and the Raspbrie. Both sandwiches had the perfect balance of cheese and cheese. No but really, the sandwiches were gastronomically good. Couldn't say enough about them. The price was right, and the portion size is on point.

One of the owners, Samantha,  came by and made sure we were being well taken care of, and even asked for any suggestions we might have had about the food and the beer. It's very admirable for a business owner to present themselves to feedback. I can tell this place is going to do well for themselves, and incredibly well for the community that they are in.笑
This was our first time here..We will definitely be back. Affordable, causal, friendly!our sandwich was a little slow to come out but it was worth the wait. They fill your time with free nostalgic gamed that take you back to your childhood. Biting into our blt was a little bit of heaven..absolute heaven. It was way more than a sandwich. Omg even thinking about it is making me hungry again!笑
Omg! So good. I had the special. It was Mac and chz grilled chz. My boyfriend had the frito crusted grilled cheese with some peppers. Both came with delicious fries. Holy crap, it was awesome. I got dessert too (pig) banana bread with peanut butter in the middle and some kind of cream with pistachios. Man. This place is delish. Our server was awesome too, she personally made the banana bread and highly recommended it. She was right! Try this place out for sure, you won't be disappointed.笑
OOZY GOOY

This little hipster shop is located in the Melrose District. Drive slow or you'll miss the entrance to parking in the back. Inside was so cute. There are games on each table to play with your party while you are waiting for your food. 

I ordered the SoCal with the side of fries. The sandwich was filled with a giant chicken breast topped with bacon, avocado, and oozing cheese. It came with this sweet sauce which I didn't care too much for, but thank goodness it was just in a cup on the side. I would DEFINATELY order the fries. That day we had a choice of salad, fries, or pesto pasta salad. They all looked good, but the fries were hands down one of the best fries Ive eaten. I ate half of my meal and I was content already, but I finished the rest because it was delicious! 

Service is fast (in and out during my hour lunch break), nice, and attentive. 

I would love to come back here again and again. 

Environment: 5/5
Food: 4/5
Price: 4/5
Service: 5/5笑
Service was great, staff is very kind and warm. 

Cheese curds were yummy, ranch is tasty too.

They were out of lemons, so no lemonade for me-had an iced tea instead. 

I ordered the 'Merica, the standard grilled cheese. Here's the scoop-the bread is too soft, in my opinion. There should be a little crunch, not hard, but it was just a mouthful of cheesy, bready mush. I even paid the extra $1 to have the crusty cheese on the outside..which oddly didn't make the bread any crunchier. 

The tomato soup was runny, almost the consistency of milk. But with tomato chunks. The flavor of the soup was good, but it was just not right to dip the soft, mushy grilled cheese into. 

I'll be back to try something else on the menu because the staff was friendly. But for an app, beer, tea and 2 sandwiches I'd rather spend the $40 somewhere else.笑
My second visit at Toasted was a much better experience. They no longer do order at the counter and our server was awesome. The grilled cheeses are pretty exceptional as was the soup. 

they changed out the lighting above the kitchen so it no longer is an eyesore but pretty clouds. We will be back anytime we have a hankering for a delicious toasted sammy.笑
The Facts of Life Goes to Paris. 
Vicki Lawrence.
The Jalepino Popper from Toasted.

Some things in life are just too cheesy. In the case of the former, what would convince Mrs. G to let all the girls wear berets, even Tootie? To quote from Home Alone: you're what the French call 'les incompetents.'

But in the case of the latter, this cheese, jalepino and bacon concoction toasted between two pieces of Texas toast may have gone too far. But in a mostly good way. See, this was our halfway point in a recent bicycle pub crawl and we had ridden in a a steady drizzle all the way from Plasma. So most of us were pretty wet and needed something warm to eat, And to dry out. Either from the rain or libations. Your pick. Now, I've been wanting to try Toasted for some time now but was hesitant to shell out big bucks for grilled cheese. I mean, how good could it be? Well, pretty darn good. But an insane amount of cheese. I could barely eat half with all my chips. It was just what I needed to fuel me up for the bike ride home. Yeah, I bailed on the Melrose bar leg of the bike bar crawl (but I'll be back on it next year. Promise Travis!)笑
Their loyalty and creativity for the Grilled Cheese earns them 5 stars but their overall aesthetics, service and food quality is an average 3.笑
Really wanted to like this place...but it has some serious issues. First, not really an improvement from Harley's in the decor department. Really just a few cans of paint were used, but perhaps it is a work in progress. 

The sit down service and the double digit pricing on grilled cheese and chips is what will doom this place. Which is unfortunate because the grilled cheese (the jalapeño pepper one) was tasty...but it's grilled cheese. Do we need a wait staff in a grilled cheese restaurant?  Perhaps ordering at the counter and paying less would be start, especially considering there are tons of local sandwich shops that are cheaper and quite frankly have more to offer.笑
I thoroughly enjoyed my experience at Toasted! The husband and I came on a day when they sampled their cheese curds....they were salty in the best possible way...yum. We ordered the pretzels with cheese, which were tasty, maybe not the most exciting thing in the world, but good. We split their SoCal grilled cheese and I swear their habanero relish was sooooo gooood. Their fries were thin and tasty. We also split their banana bread dessert, which was ridic tasty. Definitely recommend this item! The prices aren't cheap, but they aren't exorbitant either. 


  The only weird part about Toasted is that they don't have too many non meat options (doesn't bother me too much, but I can see where others may be irked) and if you remove the meat from their grilled cheese options, they would be vastly overpriced. 


Regardless, I would return.笑
The food was ok but the service was lacking! I was part of a four top and there was another two top in there already. They had two waiters and they were both inept. Took 10-15 minutes before anyone came over to greet us and take our drink orders after waiting 5-10 min to be seated in an almost empty restaurant. Never received check back after our food was delivered which also took forever. Had they done a check back, my friend would have let them know they forgot one of his sides that he ordered. We all liked what we were served but nothing to write home about, nothing really stood out. There is however no reason for poor and slow service with two waiters on duty and six customers in the restaurant.笑
Run...Run away quickly...

The only positive thing I could say about this place, is that the air conditioner worked!

My Friend and I entered the place and were greeted by a gentleman who took our order at the register and informed us that the only available seating was at the bar. So we went over to the bar, where I was asked a second time what I had ordered. We then got our drinks and sat..
and sat...
and sat...
For 38 minutes without any other interaction from staff, meaning no food or drink refills.  Having worked in foodservice before, I can understand being busy..I've been there, but this was too much. 

Finally our food arrived and the journey went father south. 

I ordered the SomePig, which as described on the menu as "Vermont cheddar, breaded pork tenderloin & fried pickles." Lets start with the breaded pork tenderloin, which was clearly made with ground pork. The fried pickles where ok, and the cheese was so minimal, I had to go searching for it.  The overall sandwich was moist, but bland, although the distinctiveness of the Vermont Cheddar could have elevated it, if an ample portion was used, or perhaps the addition of some dijon mustard.  But lets not forget the "house made" potato chips, which were crisp and well seasoned, however, about one in every 3 or 4 chips were old, stale and like rubber.  Not even the 6 inch long black hair that mine came with could improve them.  If they do make them in house, which I doubt, they need to throw away the old ones, and not mix them in with the "newer" ones.

My friend ordered a 'Merica which is made of just cheddar and some Velveeta...How can you mess that up?  Well, you serve it cold after all the cheese has oozed out into the bottom of the basket and it has had enough time to re-solidify.  The "beer-battered" fries were also cold and nothing to write home about either.

And lets talk about the bread...All the sandwiches are served on "Texas Toast" which is, say it with me people, just a fancy name for generic thick sliced white bread.  If we had known this before hand, we would not have even gone to this place, but this is not indicated on their website, so you don't find that out until you get there.  I'm sorry, but if you are trying to be upscale, you need something besides white bread!   They do have Pretzel Bread as the only other option, but of course they charge extra for it.

Apparently we were not the only ones with issues, since we overheard the people sitting next to us both complaining that items were missing from their sandwiches.

Getting our checks was another adventure...The waitress had to ask again what we ordered (3rd time) and then brought me back the wrong change and someone else's check, which she then took an additional 5 minutes to correct.

I know that they just opened a couple of weeks ago, however they need to deal with their issues, or they will close quickly...笑
Friendly staff, local beer and awesome food. Got the Castro on the pretzel bread. The pork was on point. The portions are huge the house made fries and chips are crispy and not greasy. The sauces are tasty. My wife tried the trailer park the chili has an amazing flavor it was also house made. Grab a table get a drink and play a game like battleship or connect four. Well worth checking out if you are in the melrose district.笑
Ok, I really don't like to try a place until it's been open for a few months. But Toasted is at the end of my street and seriously how badly can you mess up grilled cheese? 
Peter, sat us and waited on us. He was great! Sandwiches were not too shabby but let me tell you what will bring me back... THE FRIES!!!!
thank God I can walk to and from. I'm thinking wine and fries night just may be a thing in my future. 
GO! Check this place out! #cheeseyAF笑
Fell short of my expectations

Toasted is a grilled cheese gastropub in the Melrose Neighborhood district in Phoenix. Toasted offers, your normal American grilled cheese (Merika)  or you can try something a little diffrent like their Caprese grilled cheese (Fresh mozzarella, basil pesto & tomatoes drizzled with balsamic reduction). 

On this visit my lunch companion and I ordered the Patty Melt and BLT grilled cheese. The entree selections at Toasted are large and the presentation is beautiful, however, the food just isn't very good, and fell short of my expectationas. The Patty Melt is loaded with cheese, french fries, a thin patty of meat, on grilled Texas Toast. Although the sandwich is filling it lacked any true flavor; the flavor just wasn't there. My lunch companion said the same about her sandwich. I think I was expecting more from a gourmet grilled cheese sandwich pub and Toasted fell short, especially at $11.00 a sandwich.

Toasted also offers  fried cheese curds, pretzel bread with cheese sauce, soups, and a "Big Banana Theory" banana bread, peanut butter cream cheese with peanut and pistachio sprinkle.  

Maybe I will revisit toasted again and try something new. To end on a positive note, the customer service was fantastic.笑
My husband and I stopped in after we
drove by and realized they were open. The food was great and the owner Samantha was so nice and  spent time talking to us. We live in the neighborhood and will definitely be back!笑
I would give Toasted 5 Stars but I am a firm believer in the idea that there is always room for improvement.  Just my policy.  Found this place online and needed a new place to try on a Friday night.  I was thinking "how hard can it be to make a decent grilled cheese sandwich" but these guys have turned it into an art form! You enter through the back of the dining room into a really roomy but somehow still cozy dining area.  Overall a great vibe to the place.  Casual and comfortable.  We were greeted (from across the room) by a girl who rushed over to seat us.  We ordered the Beer Battered French Fries as an appetizer... They were like crinkle cut twice baked potatoes.  Super crisp on the outside and downright silky on the inside... very good. And very hot... you can tell they just got out of the fryer.
For the main course I went with the Turkey RaspBrie (clever name) with green apple.  It's like Thanksgiving in a sandwich.  The creamy brie and the salty havarti played quite nicely against the tart raspberry compote with just a little bite from the caramelized onion.  The green apples added just enough crunch to make it more than a textural one-note dish.  Super hearty Texas toast kept it all in place and I am proud to say I didn't need to use my fork!  A well balanced, hearty, and overall excellent sandwich.  I would be remiss if I failed to mention the house-made potato chips... crunchy, salty, and delicious.  (They are available as an appetizer)
The wait staff were all very approachable... several stopped by to chat.  My water glass was never empty.
Bottom line - great place - great service - great fries - and a great sandwich.  I will definitely be adding Toasted to my go to list of restaurants!笑
Just okay. Nothing special.   I ordered the CBLT  (cheddar bacon,lettuce, tomato)  on pretzel bread. And the tomato soup.  The sandwich was large but just mediocre on flavor.  The tomato soup was slightly chunky and reminded me of pasta sauce.  The meal was just so-so.  Service was good.  Restaurant was dead - only 4 people there when I came in. Not a place I'd return to. For my meal and water to drink, the price was $13.03.笑
The food was great but the service was horrible. Don't go unless you are prepared to take a 1 1/2 lunch. They also ran my credit card twice because they were "so busy."笑
08/26/2016:...Lunch...11 "Different" GC choices!!!

* "Classic"..Grilled Cheese sandwich and Tomato Soup(I am a senior.."memories" of Velveeta
  and Campbell's...in days gone by)!!!  At the Bar w/Chris and Greg(owners of PAB).
* Ordered the "Merika"($8)w/xtra cheese and upgrade to soup($2)..."To Die For"!!
 -So much cheese it was overflowing/running out onto the plate(NO XTRA CHG.)!!!
 -Tomato soup( w/LARGE hunks) so chunky/ thick...can stand up a spoon!!
* Craft beers on tap(Phoenix Ale Brewery) incl. "Camelback IPA"(A MUST)!!
 -Owners of PAB 2-3 stools away..."Great" people...chat/learn/visit with!!!
* Dessert..."The Nuvia(cheese, raspberry, apple( deep fry in cornflakes)..."another Die For"!!
***** Menu recommends/suggests what beer/wine "works" with each sandwich *****
***** "Best" Grilled Cheese Sandwich in the ENTIRE Phoenix Valley area!!!
        -"Same" for the PAB craft beer(s)on tap!!!

"DO IT"...ASAP

PS: Many, many, many "UPGRADES" from previous reviews...3-4 weeks ago!!!
     -Chairs, Tables, Stools...Waiters/Waitresses...Bar(now 2 'tenders) service; Efficient, Fast,
      Satisfactory!!!  Whaaat...You have the owners of PBA, whose beer you offer/sell, at/there
      ...are you crazy..."top of the line"!!!笑
I had the So Cal it was awesome.  Huge chunk of a grilled chicken breast on a nice piece Texas toast.  The presentation was unique and cool.   Also had an incredible habanero sauce as well.  Establishment is trendy, with an antique sort of flair...  Awesome highly recommended..笑
The fried pickles were bomb. The cheese curds were satisfactory. Had the trailer park and was very yummy. Chili could've been better but hey it's chili and we all like it different. The waitress was very attentive and kept us hydrated. Thanks Katie!  We will be back for more pickles and to try the So Co笑
I love grilled cheese. It's my go-to. 

Friday night we decided to give Toasted a chance. 

The Good:

Nice place. Not pretentious, very welcoming.  

Though there was a wait, they were apologetic and check with us often when we were waiting to be seated. 

Food was good. Sandwiches weren't too greasy at all. I like that. 

Sauces were good-we had the Pretzel bread to start and that was great. 

The Bad:

We stood for about 6-7 minutes waiting for someone to take our name. Staff came and went from the front yet didn't greet us or tell us to someone would be with us. 

I ordered a Jalapeno Popper, but got the Whole Enchilada. I pointed it out to our waitress, but she said "No, that's the popper." I'm not a big fan of chicken, so I knew it wasn't what I ordered. But, the restaurant just opened and the waitress seemed flustered already so I just went with it. It was fine, but not what I ordered. 

Price. $10-12 for a normal-small sized grilled cheese is kind of strange. I could spend the same and get a huge grilled cheese from Switch. 

All-in-all, I'd go back. They're really trying and I hope they get it right. I just hope I get the right sandwich next time.笑
Great new concept and was pretty excited since the food scene in Phoenix needs to be changed up and refreshed a bit. Who doesn't like grilled cheese?

Tempted to sort out the mixed reviews on Yelp and see what Toasted was really about, I decided to stop in with my friend for lunch. 

Toasted is located on 7th Ave, Melrose, with parking located in the back with its private lot. The shop itself is pretty large and has a very rustic, "home" vibe with its pillows lining the window seating, open kitchen, flowers on every table and chalkboard wall decor.

After looking at their menu of sandwiches that you can have with fries, soup and dipping sauces to drinks and dessert, I found that there was a good selection but not too overwhelming. I decided on the Jalapeno Popper, which came with cream cheese, pepper jack cheese, thick cut bacon and roasted pepper. I decided to get the fries, which are beer battered, instead of a soup ... because well they're fries!

Be forewarned, the wait for food is pretty intense. It made question, how long does it really take to make a grilled cheese. Plus there were about two tables ahead of us and the food came out, maybe 15-20 min after. By the time the food came to the table, my sandwich was not hot at all, but remained "gooey" from the cream cheese I'm guessing and my fries were lukewarm. Not really impressed by the fries, good crisp, but without the beer batter I would compare them to that of Red Robin's fries. The sandwich was good, being a Jalapeno Popper fanatic, I appreciated the spice, the saltiness of bacon and creaminess of the cream cheese. I wasn't a huge fan of the toast, found it to be more on the soggy side and wished it were more "toasted. I also think that they could do better with another choice of bread, definitely something more substantial that can handle being toasted and with a good chew. Price point is a bit steep for sandwiches and fries, but I suppose that's the novelty of eating out at a place specifically serving up just grilled cheeses.

Overall, they have a great idea! It just needs to be refined. With a better service system to get food out quickly would be great! The wait staff was pleasant, it was just the timing of service and temperature of food, as well as a bit of the cost.

+ Also, obviously this is not for those for clean meals or those worried about their dietary concerns, it's grilled cheese aka comfort food y'all! TBH, I did have to take a nap after dining here.