Love this place! It's very chill, but not in a run down hipster way. You could take a date here as well. They have an awesome drink list, I love The Walker. They also have grilled cheese sandwiches as well! Get there early and get their awesome window table. :)Ǿ
If you're looking for a low key place to enjoy some great whisky or beer and just chill, then you've come to the right place.   The owner is friendly and enjoys talking what spirits he has, and it's a place that any adult would enjoy.Ǿ
Went here one Saturday evening on the recommendation of a friend, and loved it. Friendly staff, excellent atmosphere. And damn, that was some good grilled cheese.Ǿ
I needed to kill time one evening before meeting a friend at Bent and wanted to find a place nearby to have a drink. I almost missed this place when I first walked by since it looks like a store front. Inside, it's adorable with inexpensive drinks: $5 for a glass of house wine. It's self serve by going to the back of the bar and ordering. The wine list is limited (only one white). It's so adorable and chilled that I am willing to overlook that. Would be a great date spot.Ǿ
This place is great. The friendliest service for which you could ask, delicious drinks and food, and a very cozy atmosphere. The French toast grilled cheese and smoothies make for a great breakfast and the Bathurst blackout is the perfect way to put a long day behind you.
Did I mention the prices? They're through the floor! I'll be back here as often as I can manage.Ǿ
Super cheap beers ($4.70!!), good music, and friendly service!  I dig the self-serve model, antique decor and chill atmosphere.  For whatever reason, it's kind of empty heretonight for a Saturday night - people are missing out!  Just a tad bit too dark here though - it looks like it's closed from the outside!  Would def recommend this place!Ǿ
Hidden gem with a good vibe, reasonable prices and delicious food!

The server was very friendly and had a good playlist of tunes going in the background.

This place knows how to do business. They keep it simple and it works!

Thanks a lot for a fun random Tuesdat night!