This is by no means the type of Greek restaurant where you sit down, order your food and get some quality special greek food. What you do get is your typical greek food that most people know (gyro's, souvlaki's etc.) You pretty much go up to the front, order your food, wait for your food, collect your food on a tray and go sit down at one of their tables. Don't expect a large menu or a fish of the day. Or even the grilled calamari that they have at the regular Mr. Greeks. What you do get is fast greek food to satisfy any greek food cravings that you may have. 

Oh. and I personally do not like the Mr. Greek Potatoes. For some reason, they just taste horrible every time I get them. I prefer to get the mixed vegetables which comes with zuchinni, eggplant, onions and carrots along with the Mr. Greek rice as my sides.笑
Fast, fresh, tasty basic Greek food! What's not to like? No it's not big on selection, but what they have is really good! Good pita, fresh salad, falafel was tasty (but on soft side, I like mine crunchier). The chicken meat was very good. Rice was so-so flavor but not dry. Pretty good fries too, thick cut. 

We arrived at 9:30pm prior to 10pm closing. Food was prepared fresh and all ingredients were superior quality. The staff was courteous, especially our cashier. She also bagged up our food and we took it back to hotel to eat. The restaurant was clean and inviting. I would definitely eat here again! Thank you Mr. Greek! Opa!笑
Is this what you call Greek food?

FOOD
I had a gyros with fries. My Gyros meat looked like shaved sausages when it was suppose to be pork. I honestly don't know what it was.  They put so little sauce in it and tons of onions.  My fries were so bland and tasteless.  I don't think you could have salvaged them even if you recooked them in the most unhealthy oil imaginable topped with ketchup and salt.

RESTAURANT
waiting for the food, they had these vents blowing hot air right at our heads. It was the most uncomfortable wait ever.  On top of that, it took forever for them to prepare the food. It really doesn't take that long to put some meat in a pita and slather on a teaspoon of sauce.笑
This place is normally the usual weekly takeout as its healthier than most fast food. However the past two times I've been there the portions have been cheap. The chicken seems like a lower grade now somehow. I had a chicken wrap last night and it was more lettuce than chicken. They were closing at 10 we normally head over later but it felt like we were rushed even with 20 minutes to closing time. Not sure if there are new owners but I'm just not feeling it anymore. It's just not well made. Cheaply made cheap tasting.笑
More like 3.5*. Lunch spot for me on Friday. Really busy spot but service was slow. They should have geared up for the rush. Had the Chicken Souvlaki meal which was good & good value as well. Only $11.00 for the meal. The food was fresh & hot. I'd eat here again.笑
I ordered a combo, however they refused to give me my drink... expecting me to pay for it when prior to paying the cashier said the drink is included in the combo笑
Business owner/manager is unethical, stay away. First off, the food here has never been that stellar to begin with. But nonetheless it's always been a go-to place as it's close by and we've always found the service pretty decent.  

However on our previous order we had found raw chicken in my wife's "Classic Diner" entrée? When we called back to inform them of this blunder the manager at the time was quite apologetic and offered to comp one of the entrees for next time. Beautiful. 

Well a few weeks later we thought we'd give them another chance and order again. So when I placed the order guess what? No record kept of this incident? How convenient eh? Just a quick "sorry" from Shereff the manager and that was it. 

Well there are other establishments in North Toronto that are far better for Greek food so no real skin off our back. However quite bewildered over the situation my wife phoned back a few minutes later to inquire further? The manager suddenly offered to cover an entrée if we came tonight. Really?? Sorry Shereff but too little too late amigo. By this time we had already ordered from another restaurant in town as we were both starving and you had burned your bridges. 

So not only have they permanently lost our business - they've also garnered a very  resounding "negative" social media review to boot! Good job!