Service, food, and even the drinks were horrible. We waited 40 minutes for our food and waiter never came by we had to catch any server who passed us. Food was salty and had no flavor. Had to return our drinks they tasted flat. I usually enjoy Chili's but this location ruined it for us! The one star is for the chips and salsa they were good.笑
Bartender couldn't tell his head from his feet it was so bad the bar waitress showed us more service then the bartender did will never go there again笑
Wish I could give this restaurant negative stars! Worst customer service EVER! No one asked for our order for about 20 min until the manager came up to us asking if we have been served yet. We replied no, and that we have been waiting for a while. He had nothing to say, not even a apology! He took our drink orders and brought it back,then we waited another 20 min for a waitress to serve us.(btw this was on a Monday afternoon) Finally a waitress approached us. Not even introducing herself. All she asked was "did you get served yet?" , "What do you want?!" Very rude!!  Will not be eating here again! Very disappointed! Stay away!笑
Let me just say this was the worse chilli's I have ever ate. And this comment stems from a second chance after the first nightmare which I went when they first opened. This time around it was slow we was greeted by a young lady at the door who also happen to be our waiter we ordered drinks didn't ask if we wanted to start with a appetizer as soon as we ordered drinks she left for 10minutes came back no drinks asking us are we ready to order or still waiting for drinks I then politely told her we will wait for drinks but I'll like to start on a appetizer she left didn't return until 15 minutes like with appetizer after the bar tender add already dropped our drinks off to us mind you we are sitting on the furthest wall opposite from the bar. When she brought the appetizer she then ask are we ready to order our lunch. We had only took 2 bites of queso and chips so we felt completely rushed so we went ahead and ordered food took at least 30minutes to come out. She sat the food down and walked away then disappeared. Being  that we had sangria we were in need of water but our waitress had disappeared again so another waitress brought us out water. She was gone the rest of our visit she didn't not return until after we finished speaking to the manager . Another disappointment for my mother and I. I was going to order my fiancé a meal Togo I changed my mind and did Car Side to go at Applebee's for him.笑
Worst service ever. Will never go back to this particular chili's. First off, the server put the extremely hot skillets directly right in front of my baby sitting in a high chair. Not near, DIRECTLY IN FRONT. I'm sorry but that should be common sense since its so hot. I had to say something cause she kept doing it. Also there was crumbs on my side of the table as we sat down, not sure if they didnt care to clean it or just did a horrible job. Then our check was completely wrong and we were charged double on multiple items. The waitress couldn't figure it out for her life so the manager came said he would fix it. He NEVER came back. I did see him however arguing with an employee. He even questioned us when we told him why are the wontons full price? He said I don't think there part of Happy hour and we told him they were and he said he'd have to check. You think a manager would know their menu better. I'm upset he never came back and never apologized. So our waitress came back after forever with our new checks and they were still completely wrong! They only took 6 dollars off for their mistakes when there was much more. They were so slow and so ignorant we ended up leaving and paying a dessert that was supposed to be free with points, an order of fries we never ordered and a skillet that wasn't on happy hour because the waitress didn't understand what we asked for. It was an awful experience and we tried being friendly about it but when the waitress cuts you off everytime you try to explain and the manager doesn't give a crap, makes me not want to be understanding and nice. Also we all woke up this morning sick with killer stomach aches,  just a heads up for people looking to eat here, a drive to another chili's is what I'd recommend.笑
I was sitting there over an hour. The hostess, who has the worse sense of customer service, keeps saying 20mins and then she just didn't seem to know anything. This has been a complete waste of my time. I decided to just go up the street to Olive Garden.笑
We were seated at once. But unfortunately after that our experience was doomed for disaster. It took longer than expected to get our drinks. In fact, we received our appetizer before our drink order. Our waiter was named Jamie. And he was horrible. In fact. If it wasn't for my friend and I looking around, we would have been stuck the entire night with him, but to our rescue Ashley and Samantha saved our night and immediately saved our service. But even with good service. The kitchen staff was awful too. Sending back food and having over cooked meals. The only reason I'll be back is because of Ashley and Samantha.笑
Totally deserved 5 stars! I had a horrible experience @ Surprise location & was hesitant to come here but gave it a shot. From the start staff was courteous, prompt & helpful. I took my son & his buddy for dinner before their buddy prom & the staff was very alert to the fact that they were dressed up. They were understanding of our rush & gave good suggestions. Food was prepped as requested & all tasted great! Manager came to table & we had a great chat. If I ever want that Santa Fe salad I will drive to this location! Thank you for changing my mind about Chilis!笑
Just dined at Chilli's, Bar, and Grill at Northern Ave near 95th ave. The service is spot on, we were seated quickly and ordered our food. The waitress showed us the specials that fit our family well. Karyss was a great waitress!!笑
I ordered my food online and they forgot the BACON! They also forgot the condiments on the side for my side items. They also messed up on the sauce I requested. 
Also, I was not satisfied with my food, baby back ribs and the chicken crispers. The food was cold. Overall, just a disappointment.笑
Don't typically leave bad reviews but this was by far the worst service I have ever had. Went there on a Saturday late afternoon and was seated right away. Restaurant was pretty dead. After over 20 minutes a waitress finally came to us and appolgized about wait and said she was the only real one working, the other three were trainees. Another 10 minutes before our drink orders were taken. About another 15 minutes till our food orders were taken. We didn't even get silverware or napkins. I walked around myself till I found the station they were kept at. Drink refills were really hard to get. Really happy I could pay the bill on the machine on the table or I would probably still be there. No visible manager. Not sure what was going on, first time and last time at this location. That's sad because I like Chili's and this is my closest location. I will continue to go to the Goodyear location so we can get decent service.笑
Total crap, waited 20 minutes with 11  open tables then after 22 minutes waited 5 minutes with manager walking by 2 times and then only 2 menus for 4 one Spanish one English for our first greeting. Then we only get 2 sets of silverware cause " have to find more around here"  Nathan Gearhart, manager should not be working anywhere that is service industry until his  graduation into non fast food. If you have kitchen staffing issues you come out and tell the waiting patrons. Not run around trying to put out existing fires exclusively because the same issue will arise once the waiting are seated. Totally disappointed.笑
I had been craving chilis for awhile. Came here and they took great care of us! Sundays have happy hour all day! Definitely coming back笑
Negative stars!! Didn't even make it in...waited to be seated for a while while the restaurant was 3/4 empty. Didn't see anyone working except the bar tender attending to a few people in the bar. Walked out! 
I don't know how they stay open.笑
This place is a complete let down. The service is poor and very unprofessional. The wait is ridiculous. I tried to give the place a second chance and that went to hell. Don't eat at this location.笑
Service was very good. I ordered a salad with grilled chicken, and the chicken was not quite done, I brought this to the server's attention and they brought me new chicken right right away and apologized for the issue. My dad ordered the crispy cheeseburger and it was huge! The only issue what that they ran out of Bud Light bottles on a Saturday afternoon. The bartenders really need to work with their Hensley Sales rep to make sure the bar is stocked for a weekend.笑
Worst service ever! Ordered a 3 course meal, at a set price. My entree came first and when I asked about my salad they brought it out 5 minutes later. My salad was hot like it was sitting under a warmer. The waitress apologized and the manager also came over and apologized. We finished our meal and 10 minutes later we paid our bill at the kiosk because the waitress wasn't around. We finally got a hold of the waitress because our receipt didn't print and also asked for our dessert to go because she never brought it. She said they don't bring it unless you ask for it.  We told her this isn't the first chilis we have been to and the waitress is always attentive to the patrons and do not need to be reminded about when to bring the food out. She disputed the  process with me and basically told me the other waitresses were not suppose to do that. This was the worst experience ever, we will NOT return to this location ever and also not recommended this Chili's to anyone.笑
This is my second time visiting this location and it will be my last!!!!!!! First time I came it had just opened up so kind of gave them some slack and figured after receiving some gift card to try again. I should have went to the location on Litchfield I have never had a problem at that one. Anyways, once again my party of 5 walked in and no one to be found at the hostess station so we stood and looked around for someone finally about 5 mins later the hostess comes from the back in the meantime no else has bothered to ask if we needed help. She does not greet us at all, I tell her party of 5 she reaches down to grab menus and then starts counting my party and says how many 5? Yeah, I thought I already established that. We finally get seated and after a while our waiter comes over and gets drink orders which take a pretty long time considering it's a Weds evening and they are hardly busy at all. When he comes back doesn't bother asking if we have questions, mentions any specials, or ask if we want appetizers so we order our food 3 of my party have special instructions like no onions. A very long time later our food arrives a different waitress drops it off asked if we need anything we tell her yes, drink refills and sides of ranch she ok I get those for you. Well we never saw her again and we also noticed none of our special instructions have been taken care of. So everyone that didn't want onions got them. In the meantime our waiter asks if everything is ok we tell him well we told the other waitress what we needed more drinks and ranch he says ok. We are still waiting assuming one of the two will bring our requests. Didn't happen.  So after a good while half of my party is half way done with their food he sees me looking around and says do you need something. I said yeah all the stuff we asked for like 20 mins ago!!!!!!  So he take his sweet time to bring all our refills and sides of ranch. At this point we are almost done with our food and I just want to get out of here asap. The whole time the manager is of course no where to be found and the hostess leaves her post constantly so I see why we had the 1st problem, I could see from where I sat the same problem with multiple parties they walk in look around and no one is there to greet their customers. Very disappointing!!!!!笑
Love this place! Customer service was excellent! Great environment! Oh and the food! Yum yum! & mixed drinks were made perfect!! We will definitely be returning! Thank you Allison for making our experience memorable!笑
Another place I wish I could give NO stars in order to review as everything was horrible. So, My wife, Ma, and I went here on 09/26/2015 between 6PM-7PM. First, we ordered and everything was okay. Until we got our drinks the margaritas were watered down and the strawberry lemonade tasted like there was more seeds from the strawberries than fruit. Then it took forever to get refills on our drinks, the fried pickles we got were full of grease, and the guacamole that came with the chips and salsa was brown and they tried to argue that it was fresh. Then when our food finally came after a very long wait my Ma's fajitas weren't even sizzling, the vegetables weren't cooked and the chicken and steak were barely lukewarm. My wife's ribs were okay but again lukewarm, she barely had a any rice on her plate, and then my steak I asked for medium rare and it was cooked great but then I go to eat it and there's cheese on it but nasty looking cheese. I peal it off and it comes off like it's skin. Was horrible. So, they make me another one which by the time it comes out I have finished my fries and 30 min has passed. This time it was well but I wasn't about to say anything I just ate it at least it didn't have "skin" cheese on it and was hot. We then ordered our dessert on the tables tablet thing and the waitress comes 15min after we ordered it asking if we were ready to order our dessert. We tell her we already have and she says that we weren't suppose to do that cause it messes up the check. Well, then she should have made it a point to come back instead of continuing to forget about us. And the whole time my wife and several other tables asked for the hockey game to be changed to one of the football games and it took them 50 min to finally get out there to change it as we were leaving. And as we were leaving the Manager is walking towards us and as he sees us he gives my Ma and I a dirty look and rushes the opposite direction. We will NEVER return to this one and will tell everyone we know how horrible it was. What makes it even worse is I wrote them through their website and still have not heard back from them.笑
Will once again the mgrs (Jay) @ the Chili's location on 75th Ave has no clue along with the host on how to help customers !!! We get there and the guy (1st host) tells me about 15min he guess (his exact words), we have problems clearing off table ?  OK we can wait , my party of 5 set down to wait & as I look around,  he was right . I see about 5 tables  (1 large table) just waiting to get cleaned off so I watch how they will handle it ?? Will after 20 min all works and both host walks by them doing nothing,  25 min in to it I asked to talk to Mgr on duty ( Jay ) and the host ( the girl who always does nothing when we go there) calls him and tells me he will be right up ?? 5min go's by and no Mgr & finely the lgr table gets pull apart making 1 table for 4 and 1 for 6 & cleans off the smaller table and then  comes up at witch a party of 3 walks in and they seat them ( remember my 5 & other party of 4 are still waiting ) get a little up set now. Will few min later they clean off the big table they pulled apart and seats us ( still no mgr) we get drinks, appatizer, and dinner. The server at first started off slow but he took care of us and did a great job ($40 tip) about 2 & half hrs go's by (still no mgr but I do see him walking around) i pay bill ( $210 plus tip) and I stop at the host station  (no one to be found ) I ask a  waitress for the mgr (5min go's by) & guess who shows up finally (Jay) I asked why he never came over and gives me a line of crap he didn't know and stands there like he don't care so I leave. Never once did he care .. This kind of management will kill the location business fast ( this location been open now about 6mo ) I eat at all different  Chili's location on average 15 times a month if not more and by far this location management suck !!! So sad and time to wake up and hire a busboy or 2 to fix it OR tell your host to stop standing around joking with each other and clean the table off the second they open up !!! You will be amazed how many more customers you can serve and make more money! !!!!! From a loyal customer to Chili's  (not this location)笑
We waiting 20 mins, no one even came to offer us water. We decided to leave and as we were walking out there was  about 4 waitress's chit-chatting. We avoid other restaurants around the area because service sucks, this restaurant is now included in the list!笑
Family is new in town, decided to have lunch at Chilis with friends. Hostess not friendly at all. Place was dirty. Tables were sticky and the food was not to par at all. Waitress not friendly no smile on her face and it seemed she did not like her job. My sons burger was raw in the middle. So different from California when the Health Department is always on business especially restaurants. Never again will we eat there.笑
Unfortunately  the computers were down and had  25-30 min wait behind several other parties. I guess they don't know how to work on paper anymore. And when I asked about it, she said 'no, they can't put orders through the computer and it would screw up the current orders'. What orders if the computers were down? Had to leave laughing at how much they depend on computers to run a restaurant.笑
I gave this place a shot because it's close to home and I had a $25 gift card but make the drive elsewhere. The servers took way too long to take our order and even longer to refill my water. The food was nice and cold. So if that's your style of dining, head that way.笑
Came in to eat today 2/28/16 around 3pm. I work in the industry and i have to say the service i recieved was ,to say the least, embarrassing. I was accompanied by my wife and 5 kids. Kids got their kids meals, wife and i ordered steaks. 45 min. After we ordered we still had not received our main coarse. We ate through three baskets of chips and salsa. Drinks were empty for a while and i asked the male manager on duty and he took the glass. Did not come back for about 20 min, With the refill. Only came back cause we had to remind him. Food finally came out and plates were not clean and presentable. My wife ordered a m sirloin that came out well done. Mashed potatoes were dry and crusty on the top. Their food runner seemed lost as he kept asking all the tables if they had ordered what he had in his hands.Called the manager once again for the steak to be fixed. Asked us what we wanted. Obviously my wifes steak fixed. 25 min. Later still no steak at this point my we are very irritated and pay for our dinner and leave. As we leave the steak hits the table. Needless to say, ive eaten an a few chilis, by far the worst experience ever.笑
My fiancé and i ordered the exact same thing except she wanted ranch on the side and i wanted ranch on my sandwich and i got just a tiny little splash of ranch  about a thimble full yup ill keep going to Applebees across the street笑
Hello I was in this chilli today as I have been eating at chili's since 2000 and I received the best service at  this one food was good, service was great and watched the game and now I use my rewards all the time not sure why inconsistent  reviews ....keep up the good job笑
Terrible service. Been there twice. Thought maybe the first time was just a bad day. Took two hours to eat lunch. And the place was half empty. I will not go back again笑
I like this chilis because most of the time the food is fresh the only problem is the service could be better笑
We ordered the white queso, forgot to tell them without hair.... It was left on the bill... We will not return to this location.笑
Rebecca was a competent server. Ancho salmon a bit over cooked. But delicious nonetheless. My friends tacos were "very good". Bartender clueless how to make an Old Fashion, which I believe, is one of the oldest cocktails known to man. Just appearance it was obvious that 3 of the ingredients were missing? Don't they teach these people? There's more to bar service than pouring beer. 
And probably more profitable. 
Initially ordered a Mojito, was told they don't have mint.
My thoughts, bartender has zero motivation or desire to be a competent bartender.笑
I posted this on Facebook on 02/19/2016 : Let me share my experience what happened this week alone . I place a order To Go. I go to pick it up, I admit I was not happy of what my order looked like. It looked nothing like the pics I saw on line, not even close. The problem this one rude ass, smart ass little staffer who I had one bad experience before. She brings me my order, I was not happy , ready to leave without taking or paying for my order and as I was ready to walk out the door, this little girl says loud enough for me to hear with my back turned with such malice, rudeness and hate in her voice " Hmmm you are never happy anyway every time you come here anyway hhmm ". I turned around in shock and honestly could not believe my ears. I was already walking away and she started to fight with me. I said "Excuse me , I would like to speak with a manager please ". She got some chubby looking I tried to explain why I was upset ( for what she said to me as I was again already walking away. ) Bottom line as the end, she lied through her teeth about me and had the nerve to bring in my husband , who was not even with me at the time, in to the conversation. WTF !!!! She said again with a attitude " You are always upset, that is why your husband came to pick it up the last time ". Are you kidding me !!!!!! Manager did NOTHING ! He allowed her to disrespect me like this. He DID NOTHING . He did not take ownership for this girl's unprofessional attitude and just plain rudeness. This girl clearly does not know what Customer Service is. I reached out to Chilli's Corp office, finally got a call today from some dude in Texas , I got no where with him,. This fool already made up his mind that he took the worker's side !! WTF !!! He all but stated he would not take any action against the worker or manager. It's me who is the problem not the worker. Chilli's You lost a valued , loyal customer forever . I BANNED YOU. I WILL NEVER , EVER GO TO ANTHER'S CHILI'S EVER AGAIN. You allow the staff there to treat customers like #hit and get away with it. YOU SUCK . Management needs to take ownership of the mistreatment of customers like myself. Like I said I was already walking away when this clearly unhappy, ugly girl said what she said to me behind my back & then she brings my husband in to the conversation, he was not even with me. I expected and wanted a apology from her, the manager at this Chili's ( 75th Ave & Encanto in Phx, AZ ) refused to have her do it. He needs to man up and take ownership. People be aware ...Just saying . Chili's Management DOES NOT CARE ABOUT THEIR CUSTOMERS at all who pay good money to eat and drink at Chili's. I left there and went straight across to Olive Garden who treated me like family, they hooked us up. They know how to treat people. I should have known better . #Chilisneedstodoalotbetter #customersfirst笑
We have gotten take out from this location a few times and it's always missing things or put in the wrong boxes with the wrong sides, etc. One time we ordered queso to go and it looked and tasted more like refried beans than queso. It was absolutely disgusting. We recently decided to dine in and watch football on a Sunday though, hoping for a better experience. Unfortunately, we had no such luck. The bartender, Jarrod, was offensive, rude and belligerent the entire time. He made some borderline racist comments, tried WAY too hard to be funny but just came off as an ass instead, cussed repeatedly and put down customers and their sports teams to their faces. Jarrod definitely wasn't the type of employee I imagine Chili's hiring and putting up with and believe they would be just as shocked at his behavior behind the bar as we were. In fact, the overall organization and service at this establishment is an embarrassment to Chili's and should be evaluated. In the mean time, if you're looking for quality food, cooked to your specification, go somewhere else, or drive to the litchfield Park Chili's instead. You'll be glad you did.笑
Love their food. Everything comes out quick . Most employees are friendly. Food is fresh . It's a good place for lunch and they have lunch specials Monday through Friday from 11-4pm . From $6 includes entree and a starter! Can't beat it . Wish they had an option for a Caesar salad but they don't . I recommend the bacon avocado chicken sandwich . Only thing I found odd was serving salad on a warm plate? Lol笑
We stop here every couple of weeks and while the food is normally quite good, the staff  leaves something to be desired.  Today we got a glass with an inch long tortilla strip in it, no napkins (we got them ourselves rather than continue to let our food get cold.  One person ordered mashed potatoes and got fried, based on the receipt the server put it in as fries not mashed.  We got the pleasure of hearing the wait staff argue over who has how many tables (they each had 6 except for the person who just came on who had 1).  After delivering our food we never saw our server again, no drink refills or anything, until we were ready to leave when we were offered drinks to go.  Definitely not our best experience.笑
Had really good service for lunch, one of our regular favorite spots. Rebecca was great, always had drinks and food came out fast.笑
The service is very slow. I thought it was a one time deal, but this place is consistently slow. The waiters just stand there relaxing  in the back while we were waiting for our drinks. The service is not good at all.笑
First time at Chili's and probably my last... The food was okay but not amazing, definitely cheap prices. The service needs a lot of work as well as their management. Messed up our order multiple times and no apologies for it... You'd think as a manager you'd want to make sure people eating at your restaurant get great customer service... (not the case here). Also waited almost 25 minutes for our first refill when multiple servers passed by our table seeing 6+ empty glasses... Not impressed what so ever with this restaurant, SMH.笑
First let me say my husband and I have visited this Chili's many times, and our experiences usually are good. But last evening my meal was horrible.  We were welcomed by our waitress and ordered our meals.  I ordered the Mango-chili chicken without the spicy sauce on top that I have ordered before.  The waitress stated they were substituting green beans for the broccoli because they ran out.  
After a short wait our meals arrived.  I was unable to eat the green beans because they had NOT BEEN COOKED!  Impossible to even chew. I called another waitress over and she took the beans back to the kitchen.  Then I realized that the chicken was covered in the spicy habanero sauce. When the green beans returned I was still unable to eat them. Terrible! 
The waitress returned and my husband informed her that their was sauce on the chicken and the green beans were still uncooked.  
No manager came to our table or did the waitress offer to deduct the meal.  
We should of demanded to talk to the manager or refused to pay for the meal!!!!!笑
Kids love coming here and the food is always what we expect and the drinks are cold.   Great family atmosphere.   Servers all have great attitudes.笑
Based off the other reviews I'm sure I'm not the only one who has had a bad experience. There is absolutely no reason for someone to wait over ten minutes to get their drinks ordered, then another ten to actually get them. A hostess should be more focused on seating people then cleaning off a table that is not needed at that point and time. I seriously saw her stare at the people walk in and they stood there and waited. She continued to clean off the table that no one sat at after. CUSTOMERS come first. Our server also waited on tables 3 times for instance checking on them and filling their drinks while we sat there. One rule anyone in this industry knows is to make sure every customer has a drink on their table first. This makes customers happy! Not sitting there being ignored and get some lame excuse that someone called out, I don't care you own the fact that you ignored us for 15 minutes! Food was average. Terrible timing with drinks from the bar. My food was delivered to another table they picked it up after putting it there and then gave it to me, that is not okay!笑
If I could zero stars I would. Horrible. We ordered the grass fed sunrise burger medium rare. We were then told it only comes well done and was that ok?  Well of course it isn't. So we asked to get the same burger with non grass fed meat. They agree but bring us only a cheeseburger. No bacon and no egg. We sit take a couple bites and sit and wait and wait for someone to notice us. Finally a server comes over and we explain the situation. Obviously one would expect a new burger made properly. No. She goes to check on what can be done. Meanwhile the burger now sits stone cold. It's been about 15 minutes and we are then brought over separately on a plate a runny egg and soggy half cooked bacon to put on our disgusting cold burger. Neither one of us had been to chilis in a while and we unanimously decided we would not be returning. Hands down worst service from the kitchen and wait staff along w management who said we couldn't get the burger how we wanted. It wasn't overly busy. In a situation such as that mgmt should have come out to explain. On top of it I've barely made it out the door and the four bites are sitting in my gut like a brick. 

Cheers to Mike the bartender who comped it without our asking. He gave us good service.