I've been to many hot pot restaurants and this is by far the best in Charlotte. It's AYCE but not buffet style where food is sitting out. Instead you mark the items you want on a sheet of paper and the server brings it out. You get one pot to share at the table so only go with people you don't mind double dipping with - those are the only kind of peeps I roll with anyway ;) We chose Szechuan and Kimchi broth. The former was delicious but I didn't care for the latter. You also get a variety of sauces to mix and make your own. Ask the server for suggestions if you're unsure of how to make the sauce. The quality of the meats, vegetables and seafood were amazing. Just be mindful of ordering because you'll be charged for wasting too much food. You definitely get your money's worth here. I'll be back.笑
Came here for the unlimited hot pot with another yelper and his family. They have a wide selection but you will be disappointed with the amount of frozen food. It was frozen when they served it on the plate! At least try to hide that? I guess a lot of people were ordering shrimp and fish that night so they didn't have time to defrost. I wonder if all hot pot restaurants use frozen food. I also ordered the flan an it was jello. As for the appetizers, I ordered one piece of each just to try it and it was definitely from a bag. They could have at least deep fried it so it could be crispy. I think they just microwaved it. 

Best dish here was the salad. I love their salad. It tasted so fresh! 

Customer service was good. The food came out fast and I was impressed that the waitress knew everything on the menu.笑
This is an interesting fusion of ideas. You can do a $25 all you can eat menu where you select everything you'd like - from noodle/rices, meats, veggies and choose the broth you'd like to boil it in. Basically Asian style food but in a French fondue style. The meats aren't your typical meats, but more like the consistency of beef carpaccio (and even looks like that) but I would definitely cook it. The vegetables are also have some different ones that I haven't seen at any Asian restaurant before - namely the mushrooms. The crab was quite small, wouldn't probably get that again. Be mindful that whatever you select they bring quite large portions of. If I go back I will probably say something like "5 shrimp," or "2 bok choy stalks" otherwise its way more than you'll want to eat. The menu says they charge for oz's you don't eat, so just be careful not to over-order on the first go (we kind of did). All the broths were good, definitely changed the flavor of the food so I recommend getting a few for variety. They also have great prices for drinks, I was impressed!笑
The food was good, but I don't know if that is worthy of a great rating.

First of all, you have to find this tucked away place, GPS is probably necessary.  But once you walk inside you see a pretty nice layout for this side of town.  Once seated they will give you a huge menu.  I'm pretty sure our server was new as she recommended the hambugers.....?  I asked about the wings next as kind of a joke, but she didn't get it.  I went on to ask about the Italian pasta dishes, which she still didn't get, but I quit picking on the menu for a while after that.

At 27.50 a person for the hot pot, there is just no way my mom was going to eat near that amount of food to make it worth while.  Plus, there were conflicting messages on how long you had to eat it, some said an 1.5 hours, some said 2 hours, and then on top of that you were charged for excess wasted food.  All of this just seemed to complicated and expensive so we went with some an app and 2 entrees.

The food took quite some time.  I was asked if I wanted a refill on my water before we even got our apps, I thought that was a little odd, of course I will want something to drink with my food.  The edamame came out, with no bowl to put the shells in, so I dirtied up my plate, I guess that was the right call.  Then our entrees came out.  My mom got the salmon that came with some shrimp, a great deal, and pretty tasty.  I got the crab cakes entree which turned out to be just one very small crab cake.  Not anywhere close to an entree.  I'm glad I took the option to add a signature salad for $3.  The crab cake was a little doughy, but not bad, and the sauce for it was excellent.

After eating half of my moms food I was full and eventually was able to ask for the check.  For some reason my crab "cakes" were twice the price they were supposed to be.  I brought this to the attention of our server and she said she'd have to go talk to somebody.  She came back and told us it was because of the salad and we kind of went back and forth for a while.  It was pretty weird, she kept saying it was a $3 up charge for the salad, even though we were being overcharged by $9.  I kept having to try and teach this girl basic math until I think she finally got it.  I still tipped her well, even after all that.

I did see some others with hot pots, and the food looked solid.  I just don't think this expensive all you can eat fashion is going to work on this side of town.  If it was a basic one for $19.95 and you could add the expensive crab and such for a higher cost it might work out better.  Or what most hot pot places I've been to do is charge like $8-10 for the broth and then you just a la carte the meat and veggies.  It would probably work out to more than $27.50 for the people who just came to stuff their face and lighter eaters would still be patrons.  I don't know, not my restaurant.  If I'm super hungry one day, I'll probably come back and try it, but not until then.笑
My husband and I ate here tonight. Ordered wine, but none of the servers could find it and had to point it out again on the menu and it took about 10 minutes to get it at least. Ordered the filet mignon medium well, it came out rare, had to send it back my husband had finished his meal before I even got my food back and by that time all the food was cold. We had to find the waitress to get the check as she rarely checked on us. I would give the service a 2 and the food a 4. My husbands shrimp and grits were really good.笑
Had an opportunity to visit Boiling Pot yesterday.  Great restaurant for a very unique dining experience.  The restaurant just opened recently and there were no online reviews so decided we would give it a try.  Glad we did.  Greeted by a very nice hostess.  And was greeted by a number of employees/managers of the restaurant to ensure all was well.  We both were impressed with the way the wine was presented.  Although we were only having a glass of wine, the bar manager presented as if we were buying the bottle.  Great treatment and great wine.  Our server explained the concept of "boiling pot" which is similar to another "pot" fondue type restaurant.  We found this one to be very fresh, well prepared and absolutely very tasty veggies and meats.  We chose chicken broth and Sezchuan for our boiling pot.  we enjoyed the experience a lot.  and hopefully will get to visit again.笑
Asian fondue and tapas - really? Let's move past the marketing fluff and call it what it is - hotpot. Pricing is $27.50 per adult for unlimited hotpot. You get the table for two hours and there is a decent selection of veggies, meats, seafood, noodles, etc.


The service was really slow, despite it being nearly empty on a late Saturday night. I mean, seriously, how difficult and how long can it take to put uncooked items on a plate for you and walk it out? The owner and a bunch of servers were just standing around, chatting, watching TV and eating their dinner at the empty bar.

The owner wouldn't accept the $12 coupon that was printed in the Attractions coupon book. He claimed he didn't authorize its printing. Let's just say it this way - Attractions doesn't print an ad for free. Just own up to your coupon - we followed the fine print.笑
Not going to sugar coat anything. I specifically came here for hot pot. The "all you can eat" is pretty cool, but the downside is that the quality of the ingredients aren't as good. 

The soup bases are alright, but I have had way better. Definitely get the szechuan and stay away from the kimchee broth. Not sure what they're trying to get at with the kimchee broth, but it does not taste anything like it should. 

They give you good portions so don't order too much as they charge for leftovers. The service has always been great each time I dined here, so check it out!笑
I had the pleasure of dining at Boiling Pot during their soft opening.  There were some tweaks yet to be ironed out but overall, it was a surprisingly pleasurable experience. All of the staff on hand were attentive and eager to "get it right."  We enjoyed a nice glass of wine (short on time) that was well presented at our table prior to serving.  The concept is fondue but if I recall correctly, the food is much better than the other restaurant of the same type.  We ordered the standard portion with chicken broth and Szechuan for our boiling pot without any extras (they were definitely not needed).  The broth was full of flavor.  We had plenty of food to fill our hungry bellies.  The staff explained the concept and how to manage our meal which was easy enough.  I particularly enjoyed dinner as the place was not crowded.  My guess is that with all of the tables filled and the bar seating filled, it would be loud and there would be a lot going on.  I would expect my next visit to prove this to be the case.  I look forward to visiting with the kids for a healthy meal with plenty of veggies.  I truly hope they keep the restaurant going strong so that patrons will want to return again and again.笑
I heard about this place through the Nextdoor app so decided to do take out on a Friday night. It's located across from Hhgregg. When I arrived to pick up, the place looked pretty nice inside. The hostess was attentive. It was not very busy around 7:30pm. My order was waiting for me when I arrived. Once back at home, I was disappointed that the Five Cheese Mozzarella Croquettes that I ordered was nothing more than deep fried mozzarella sticks. Wow, such a fancy name on the menu! I like mozzarella sticks and my toddler loved them but let's be real and call it what it really is. We also tried to chicken pot stickers and the Kimchi wings which were both tasty. 

I would go back to dine in for fondue or other menu items. The location is convenient and there aren't many good, non-chain restaurants in the Northlake mall area. Also, the bar looks like a cool place to hang out. They stay open until 2am on Friday and Saturday nights.笑
Nice  decor in resturant.  The waitstaff are very nice and attentive.  The wings were quite tasty. The hot pot food itself was pretty good but few things to note.  Some of the stock pictures posted are not representative of what is on the Charlotte menu.  Lobster and snow crab legs are not part of the hot pot choices.  Quality also seems to vary.  The scallops we received were the tiny Bay scallops not the nice large sea scallops others posted. We also tried the mango ice.  And while it looked good in pics-the mango was good the ice tasted old and exposed(like when u leave something in freezer not wrapped and it makes the ice taste funny). Overall good experience but not stellar.笑
My husband and I went to boiling pot yesterday (I think I may have even seen the reviewer below me there?). The decor inside was very nice and elegant. A nice place for a special dinner even. The waitress was very nice, but I think the staff is still getting their rhythm- which I totally understand for a new place. 

I ordered Boba Tea, the tapioca tasted fresh (it wasn't tough and rubbery, and still warm!) but the drink itself was very milky and had ice chunks in it versus being more of a smoothy consistency. Once again, this could just be the staff getting used to making them.

We got both beef and chicken broth. I was impressed by the varied selection of veggies - some different types of mushrooms you don't always see, cabbage, tomatoes, fish balls. We got beef and lamb to go in it. The fondue style was fun but we felt that the broths lacked flavor, so everything just felt like it had been boiled. In the future, I might try the spicy broths to see if they are better.

Despite the bumps though, I am excited about the concept (the place next door is also theirs, but with a more casual vibe, which I think is smart.) My husband and I will be back today to try the burgers. I really think it has alot of potential, so we will see!

Edit: We went back today to try the burgers and they were delicious. The meat was very well cooked and moist. We met the owner, who was very nice and attentive to my dietary restrictions, which I always appreciate. We will definitely come back for these. As for the hot pot, I think they should not worry about appealing to American tastes and just go for it!

Overall, I am glad we gave it a second go.笑
Where to begin....First let me say that this is not like the Melting Pot but more Asian. That aside the food was meh and the service was worse. It was our first time there so we asked our waitress to explain what we should do with the hot pot. Her explanation left much to be desired. So we fumbled through the rest of dinner. The meats were okay and so were the mussels. The rest I could do with out. This includes the fish square things, the scallops, the crab, and the seaweed. We didn't get what we ordered and we got things we didn't order. Our waitress wasn't around to explain what it was we were given and a manager passed by and try to explain but we are pretty sure he was wrong. Overall I would say stick to what you know you like and don't expect much help.  Husband liked the dinner mints, which were like Andes mints in stick form.笑
I tried this hidden treasure about two months ago.  I can't wait to return!!!笑
I went to Boiling Pot a month ago with my relatives. We had a great time with great quality and flavorful foods. It is worth for the price it is. The reason why it's a 4 star instead of a 5 star is because they need to have better and bigger blinds to block out the sunlight, also have bigger tables. Half the time we were sweating, not from the hot pot, but from the sun for sitting there for over an hour eating.笑
They have 4 broth flavors! You can also ask for the broth to be spicy. The service was quick considering we had a party of at least 14. They put us in our own dining room. It accommodated our party perfectly. That was a plus for me. Everything was great. Our family will be back for sure. Maddie was our server and she was awesome!笑
I live near the area and am always in search of a place open late when I am in the mood for a late night snack. I hate that unlike bigger cities, Charlotte has slim pickings because everything closes so early. I love small plates and tapas! I think the restaurant has a lot of potential they just need better marketing. Did I also mention they have a full bar?! There are two private rooms in the back that you can also throw a get together at.

My sister ordered the steak burger medium done with a side of kimchi fries. I had a bite and it was delicious! I also had a pound of the Cajun boiled shrimp. For roughly $15 it was a bargain. The shrimp was fresh NOT frozen and portion was big enough to share as an appetizer for 3 people. We had a few other small plates as well. 

Overall, I think it's a solid place. Nothing mind blowing but definitely a great place to have a drink and share appetizers with friends. I will update my review after I try their hotpot.笑
The hot pot was good. It's not exactly something I would go back for. But the appetizers were great! My favorite was probably the Voodoo Shrimp. The waitresses were very attentive and sweet. Plus they also have a full bar! Will definitely be back!笑
We went when there wasn't crowded which was good since we have three children.  We ordered the hotpot for two adults and three young children.  The food was delicious but it is a good sit down and eat for a while meal since you have to cook each portion at a time.  We got the Szechuan and bone broths and they were both great.  The ingredients that came out were all in good order though he shrimp was frozen (which I don't mind - better than warm).笑
Excellent place for hot pot! All you can eat for 2 hours, and friendly service. Food comes out literally just moments after you order. Only thing is that you gotta finish all that you order so come on an empty stomach! And great for friends and family groups. Also got other great selections on their non-hotpot menu笑
The restaurant is clean and the service is good. I wish they have "tum yum" soup and fresh sea foods.  It will bring more customers.笑
I love this place. I don't care or mind the semi-expensive price on the all you can eat hot pot because it actually fills you up! Hot pot here is 4 out of 5 but service wise I would say 3 out of 5. We will definitely come back as long as the vegetables/meat are fresh!笑
A ton of food, well cooked.  A little bland for my taste but still very good.  Great service!笑
5 stars because you can pay $25 and get the entire menu BROUGHT TO YOU... like a clean buffet line. 

Choose 1 broth or 2. You know what?? Why am I writing all this? No one will read it or at least I didn't read the reviews before entering but I did read when they first came up I was enamored enough to bookmark the place. 

Here's the deal: 
JUST GOOOO
It's perfect for
*the picky eaters,
*folks trying to engage in conversation and not feel left out on the other end of table; 
 *wedding rehearsals,
* sorority/fraternity functions as an official meeting (they have private rooms) or a social function, 
* a party of 1 - 4 as the tables are intimate enough and large enough to hold everything that will be brought on separate plates (make sure you ask for a bowl in case you make pho soup with the PHO broth). 

Think Melting Pot without limits. The photographs of lobster and snow crab clusters, like a previous Yelper mentioned, is a stock photo and not what you will get. The little blue crabs sliced in half are clean though and hold flavor well. 

I never got any chicken nor shrimp which is weird for me but I will say that PHO broth is something worth trying or writing home about. I made my own Pho and wished they had BASIL; alas, they do not. 

The soda tastes like it came from the bar wand but it didn't. Quite flat. 
Bottle of wine on each table. 
Silverware inconsistent and nonmatching at our table. 

Oh, ask them to cook the wings twice. Even with the undercooked redness - I wasn't turned off. Just asked for a longer fry and it was good to go. 

The crab ragoons are just great. I tried to make my own before dining here and will let you know mine had real crab and cream cheese and was still crappy. So this works for me as I don't just roll out to the chinese restaurants like i used to while in undergrad. 

The server didn't write down things we ordered and forgot a number of items so keep a paper menu with you so you don't forget what is next or what you ordered.笑
My son and I went there today. Great concept. I think our waitress was new. She didn't explain much to us. She didn't bring us our salads. We had to ask for them. We ordered the all you can eat boil. She brought us plenty of seafood, but none of the beef we ordered. The couple sitting behind me asked if we got everything we ordered. They said they were missing a lot of food they ordered. None of the dishes were removed as they piled up.  The desert was great, but we had to use the same fork we ate the seafood with, so it was a little fishy.笑
Went to the Boiling Pot on Sunday with our family and we all really enjoyed it! Our waitress was super nice and helpful. The food all came out relatively fast and everything was delicious.笑
Let me just start with, looks can be deceiving!  Outside looks like any other place to eat in a strip mall, but then you step inside and it's a very nice Asian infused decor.  The food menu is different than I have seen, but everything I have had is fresh a and very tasty!  Arugula salad with a crab cake and mind blowing cheddar jalapeño corn bites!  Nice wine list (which is extremely rare at any Asian restaurant).  5 stars my friends!!笑
This place was extremely good but they gave us too much and we couldn't finish it all. It would be better to get small proportions so if the customer is not finish they could get more without wasting food. The waitress was nice and got a pretty good tip. Definitely wouldn't mind coming again.笑
I traveled from California to take my family out for Mother's Day! We dined here for Mothers Day and our party of 5 had a wonderful experience. My 97 yr old Grandmother is a picky eater and she enjoyed all the options. The service was amazing and they were very attentive. Everything from start to finish was excellent . The food was fresh and delicious. The $27.50 boiling pot all you can eat is well worth it! Thank for adding to our special day!笑
The hotspot in boiling pot is just perfect, it is exactly the hot pot I looked for! Everything in here has great quality and the staffs are so nice and sweet. The dessert they have are so delicious. I'll definitely come back in next time.笑
You know, it's rare to really find a hot pot sort of experience. I know this is the first time I've ever had it. Sometimes I do differ my opinion with fellow yelpers, because well... Let's say I'm an omnivore, rather than just straight vegetarian. Yes, this place is vegetarian friendly, but the meat is where it's at. 

This place is all you can eat. You get a burner in the middle of table, you pick your broth, then they bring you your pot and whatever you want to eat. It's sort of like kbbq (if you've ever had it), except it's all hot pot and with broth.

So why the 4 stars and not 5? Well, the serving staff is just alright, sub par. I mean it's pretty easy to bring drinks to people, but as Asian parents are... They like tea or hot water. And they bring the hot water in a pint glass. Would you bring your coffee or tea in a pint glass? No? Then why would you bring hot water in a pint glass? On top of that, we sit waiting for someone to pick up our selections for our hot pot... And well, all the waiters disappear and we don't see anyone? Interesting. 

I'm all for all you can eat hot pot. It's nice not to have to prepare it and wash all those dishes, but the service was just not there. This changed when we talked to the owner and well, our waiter came back. We asked if she was our waiter and, she responded that she "thinks so"... Confusion the owner comes back and explains she was trying to submit homework. Hmm. So now instead of a waitress, we have the owners come serving us. If they get the service down pat, no doubt this place will be a 5 star experience. 

The hot pot food is great! It's something that I've grown up with eating and it's authentic. The only difference is that we don't have to do all the dishes along with the preparation! If you're looking for a new experience, along with a taste of Taiwan, this is the place to go. Great for groups and also for people with an appetite.笑
I don't give 5 stars, but I will for this spot. Just go there and order the hot pots. You will not be disappointed. Charlotte, you just need to go here. Seriously!笑
Astoundingly high quality authentic Chinese hot pot.  Lamb, ribeye, oyster mushrooms, and cuddle fish were our favorites of the evening.  Private rooms available for groups of about 16 or 20.  Wait staff was very helpful and adaptive to our needs.  The only criticism I have is the lack of hot oil at the table and their tap water would benefit from filtering.  The top tier quality of the ingredients more than offset those tiny issues, though.  Still five stars overall - and I rarely give 5 stars.  We had a split pot of szechuan and house bone broth.  Don't skip dessert or appetizers - they're house made, very good, and included in the reasonable hot pot price!  Carmel cheesecake was a perfect finish to a spicy meal.笑
The Seared Ahi was perfectly prepared. The sauce has a zesty flavor and leaves a light heat on the tongue. The slaw has a great flavor that compliments the dish nicely.

I will definitely add this place to my list of stops on future trips to Charlotte!笑
Really neat idea.  It's like the melting pot but with Asian cuisine. I am a fan of Asian food and the melting pot so this was just right for me. The only thing we didn't like was the fact that we didn't get all of the meats/veggies we asked for but we ended up getting a lot of food anyway. We also got some food we didn't ask for lol. All in all, it was a great experience and we will be returning!笑
I've been wanting to come here for a while. It's definitely a drive from south charlotte. It took almost 30 mins to get here. The service was good. The restaurant was very nice and updated. 

All you can eat! We got several appetizers and were pleased with each one of them. My favorite was the shrimp and my dad loved the dumplings. The soup was delicious and we were pleased with all the items we got to go with the soup. My favorite toppings was the udon noodles and filet. 

My only issue about this place is that we were sitting in the back near the server station and I saw two servers eat spring rolls and chicken wings with their hands and didn't wash their hands afterwards. Yuck.笑
We went about 5:30 on a Sunday. The food was fantastic! Really enjoyed the atmosphere it's casual yet modern. Wonderful selection of delicious food. Our waiter Steven was fantastic also笑
This location looks like an American bar, just like Buffalo Wild Wings. There are many seats on bar with HD TVs on the top. But what it attracts me is their Chinese style hot pot. They have hot pot all you can eat that costs you about $27 per person. It is not cheap but there is no doubt that it is THE BEST hot pot you can find in the grand Charlotte area. That price gives you many different flavors wings, many choices of appetizers such as my favorite Chinese green beans, tons of choices of vegetables, mushrooms and seafood, chicken, lamb, different types of beef and the dessert! And they are all very fresh.
The service is very good. Dishes are served very quickly. Several tips for you: 1. We first asked them to prepare a medium spicy base soup, but it is not spicy at all and it is not so tasty. We then asked the server to put more spicy in the soup, after that, it became super good. 2. At the beginning, the server told us that we have 2 hours for the buffet. You might want to not chat too much while eating since you want to concentrate! Since they serve the dishes very quickly, it is not a problem for us to completed within 2 hours. But I personally don't like the rule. 3. Don't order too much in a single time since the table won't be that big to hold all the plates. Order again when nearly finished, and they serve it within minutes (like 1 or 2 min today, really quick).笑
HOT POT, HOT POT, HOT POT. I am a hot pot guy. All you can eat for me always means good deal. 

I went there three times, and tried almost all the dishes. I cannot say anything bad for the food or the service. 

By the way, their shaved ice is awesome!!!!!!!笑
Good food, but get boring after a while. Definitely a spot for special occasions.笑
Had lunch here today. Service was friendly and attentive.  Food was great and unique for the area. The jalapeño calamari was tasty with just enough heat. The traditional pork belly in a steamed bun sandwich was outstanding. I will be going back for dinner soon to experience the hot pot.笑
Love their hot pot, especially their shaved ice. But your experience will be based on your waiter. It can either make your experience or break it. One time we came at 11 and the close at 12, which leaves us an hour to eat and the waitress screamed she just want to go home. I thought that was rude.. and she alway is very grumpy. Not sure what her name is, but other than that the food is great笑
I was a little skeptical of this place at first because there wasn't a bunch of people inside on a Saturday night, but we still gave it a shot.  Boy, were the people who weren't here missing out.  The prices were extremely reasonable, we're talking most of the menu being $16 and under and the house wines were $12, and that's $12 a bottle not a glass.  The voodoo shrimp was absolutely AMAZING, wow, and it came with a ton of shrimp, I've never seen a shrimp appetizer with this many shrimps before!  Now the main courses were outstanding as well.  The three of us got the chicken pasta, the filet, and some vegetable dish I cannot remember, but they came out in triangles and were really good.  The only thing I didn't absolutely love was the coconut rice, but I don't love coconut flavored things unless it's on a dessert.  Anyway, I will definitely be back here to try more items.  They also have fondue pot options which is really cool.  If you're looking for a great night, I highly recommend going here!笑
Good stuff... I was brave and tried the hot pot, it was a new experience and I was not disappointed. Owner and wait staff was friendly and eager to make sure that the experience was a good one. Wife had a couple of different small bites plates, they were good as well. Will be going back for sure.