I would start this review by saying I miss the old Port 229, but I don't... (because it moved next door so I can still love it in it's own time), but where the old Port 229 used to be, 229 (totally different spot) has taken it's place and is uh-mah-zing!

The menu has been totally changed to comfort eats and central american cuisine, and the bar has been stocked with craft cocktails and tall boys - can we say winning?

Finally got a chance to dine here last night and I'm floored! Tacos, Korean Short Ribs, Pupusas, Tostadas, empanadas, and more! 

Wait... pupusas? Yep, allow me to elaborate... uncooked tortilla dough, chorizo... mashed up, flattened, cooked.. BOOM Sauce it, dip it, pop it. Done. Amazing.

The tacos, not your run-o-the-mill Mexican amigos, no sir. these bad asses are central american and they roll deep with some serious caliente heat. Muy bein.

Last night I went in for dinner and I went all the way like it was prom night!

Had me a pupusa and it was basically the best thing I ever ate... until the tacos came out...

Tacos, wonderful tacos, filled with carne asada (cooked perfectly I might add), and then just when I thought I was full (I wasn't), I ordered me up two chorizo tacos, amazing!

I have nothing else to say. Go here. Eat here.

Eatcrest Out

PS - Cheap Pabst Blue Ribbon Tall boys. Drops mic...Ǿ
Tip:  If you're having any reservations about this place, re:  locals who don't live in the immediate Port Credit area, check this place out on Tuesday evening, i.e. Taco Tuesdays!  Where chicken tacos are only $2.  That's right, $2!  :)

Atmosphere was surprisingly hip for an area of the city that's known to be primarily...senior.  It's a mix of a sports bar/after hours bar/restaurant.  Tables + chairs are elevated and the lighting is also dimmer so you it doesn't really feel like a regular sit-down.

Now, onto the tacos...

Being $2 Chicken Taco night, I had to order those + the deal that was going on with the YELP-A ($12 for a tallboy + 2 tacos).

I thought the chicken taco tasted good, meat was moist, and there was plenty of it!  Tortillas are made in-house and you can see that as they weren't perfectly round.  The 2 sauce options on the table helped, especially the one that was less-hot.  I really liked the taste better of this one better.  It made me feel as though I was back in Central America!

Out of the all the other tacos, all options were ordered at the table with the exception of the vegetarian ones.  I ordered the fish ($8/2) and really liked the crunch!  

The consensus seems to be that the steak ones were the best, followed by fish, and chorizo.  Not saying that chorizo was bad, but that seemed to be the order. 

If you're looking for a place that's playing the game, wanna soak in some suds, &/or in the mood for something other than burger/fries, check this local place out!

P.S.  YELP-A was an easy drinking beer.  It might not be your kinda thing if you're really into craft beer and have a more sophisticated palate - I sure don't! - but remember, part of the proceeds go to charity to keep that in mind!Ǿ
Good tacos, but for the price could have expected more (2 for 10 bucks). Inside was also nice and the homemade hot sauce was really good... But after was a little painfulǾ
Went there with a friend for a late lunch on a Friday afternoon. When we got there we were the only people in the restaurant. We both decided to a get a beer, after about 10 minutes I was told they didn't have the beer I wanted, so I decided to get the one my friend got. We ordered the fish tacos, steak tacos, mac and cheese and empanadas. There was only one server and they seemed to be getting ready for some kind of event.

The food took incredibly long to arrive which was rather odd considering we were the only only ones there. We ordered two empanadas but only got one...after asking if the second one would be out soon we were told that that was it, and nothing else would be arriving; which means the order was taken down incorrectly. Again, odd...considering we were the only ones there . The waiter was polite, however considering that they weren't busy I was surprised at the error and the amount of time the food took to arrive.

The food was actually pretty good, everything tasted fresh and the empanada was really flavorful and crisp on the outside. I might return again for dinner to see if the less than ideal service was an oddity.Ǿ
Great on a Tuesday. Good service, delicious truffle aioli on the bone marrow burger (I asked for extra on the side to dip my fries in)Ǿ
This place is pretty amazing. I had a great time here celebrating the end of exams. They have a simple menu which is fine because the items we chose to try out were so tasty.

I ordered the tuna ceviche, two Mexican chorizo tacos, and the bone marrow burger.The service was pretty fast and the ceviche came out promptly. It well seasoned and so good! Not too citrus-y or bland. We got our tacos and the Mexican chorizo was all crumbled up in the tacos. The tacos had excellent flavour and we were able to add some of their homemade hot sauce (which was pretty tasty).

We got the Korean BBQ short ribs they had as the Chef's special instead of the bone marrow burger. The ribs looked amazing but we didn't order them. We told the waitress/bartender and she apologized for the mistake. She told us she is going to get the bone marrow burger going and that we can keep the ribs free of charge. Bonus and great customer service.

When the bone marrow burger arrived it looked a little bare. It was just the bun and the burger patty without the Canadian cheddar cheese, smoked bacon, or the truffle aioli. We didn't say anything though because they were already great with giving us free short ribs I felt bad if we were to also send the burger back.

I definitely will come here again and try their other menu items.Ǿ
3.5 Star

The winner of the Taco War at 229 is the Res Asado (Grilled Flank Steak)!! The meat just cooked medium rare and so tender and with perfect seasoning and condiments! If I ever be back at 229, that will be the only item I would order and of course a can of Tall Boy local craft beer.

Pollo (Chicken Taco) though is a good price at $2 at Taco Tuesdays but definitely not something I would have order even at a discount this price. The chicken is like shredded chicken and on the dry side and chewy side.

229 is definitely a good water hole if you are in the neighbourhood craving for some snacks or a night cap. The deco is rustic and simple and I love the dim lighting! The atmosphere here is cozy and intimate.Ǿ
First thing's first.  Parallel parking on Lakeshore is free by the time this place opens on weekdays so you're safe there.  It's on the south side of Lakeshore less than a kilometer east of Hurontatio.

I love this place.  This is the kind of place I could go to just have a drink and watch a game.  The food is very good too so there's another bonus.  Kris was hosting a CMYE at 229 for what will be my last chance to get a Yel-PA (Yelp pale ale) that was brewed by Great Lakes Brewery.

It was Taco Tuesday alright and this simple yet interesting menu made me want to order more and more.  I had had a light lunch knowing I'd be looking forward to having the food at 229 in the evening.  I had arrived earlier around 7pm for the event that was supposed to start around 730pm.  I knew I had to leave at about 845pm so I wanted to get settled in and have a beer while the Raptors game started.

When Kris arrived we had moved to a table and slowly but surely more and more customers started to fill the place up.  More of the Yelp gang showed up too and one guy by himself was nice enough to move to another table for us so we had enough room to sit together.  This place suddenly filled up to capacity just before 8pm.

Kris, myself and another Yelper that arrived earlier than the rest decided to go ahead and put our order in before the others showed up.  The place was filling up and I suppose the kitchen may have been busy because what we had ordered came in different waves.  I had gone ahead and ordered 2 chorizo tacos and with a Yel-PA they were all 12 dollars.  I had also ordered 3 chicken tacos as well since they were on special at only 2 dollars each so I had 5 tacos in total.  The chicken ones came first.  I had 3, Kris had 2 and our other fellow Yelper had 1.  I liked the chicken tacos.  

The sauce that was given to us was one that seemed lighter in a squirting kind of see through bottle and the other was a watter bottle but filled with a darker, thicker ghost pepper sauce.  I've had ghost pepper sauce before and oh man is that stuff hot.  This one I approached with respect and caution but as I went from one taco to the next the sauce was used more and more.  It was a little runnier than the first ghost pepper sauce I had ever tried to it was easier to eat but still had a good sting and good taste.  The sauce also didn't linger and what I mean by that is it didn't numb your mouth to the point where you couldn't feel it.  The sauce was good and it was good on the chicken tacos.

The tacos are however rather full and they can be sort of difficult to eat.  The tomatoes on them are really good and fresh and as they fall out I wish I had a fork to pick them up with and finish.  We didn't get utensils here.  I'm sure I could have asked but I didn't and it seems neither did anybody else.  

Because the tacos are so full yes you have to be careful when you bite into them.  You will get some of the juices falling to the plate as well as some of the other fillings there is almost no avoiding that.  I did notice that the tortillas are only singled and not doubled up.  I've been to a few places that serve Mexican or Central American and some of them double up the tortillas.  I had noticed at the end of the tacos what is left of the tortilla is or can get pretty mushy if the tortilla is only single layer.  I ran into this a couple times last night.  Because of this it would be nice to have a pile of napkins on the table.  We received I think 2 each and they are the big, thick, hefty kind but it would be a little safer to go with a stack in the middle of the table I think.

The other tacos we ordered... we had to wait for them a bit.  The others that came after us they still needed to order I believe but by the time I had to go (840pm) another one of the fellow Yelpers at our table had received hers.  Kris was still waiting for his second wave but I had received my chorizo ones and it was fortunate that I did receive them because after I ate them, shortly after I had to leave.  The chorizo was very good, exactly what I had hoped for.  Some places don't do chorizo properly but this place did.  Again I would have liked to have something to clean up what falls out because it's almost always going to happen.

Sadly I had to pay and leave early but the food was great and so was the atmosphere and the lay out.  It would have been nice to have a fork and more napkins and not have to wait so long for all of our orders to come out but I suppose that is something that can worked out.  The food though is very good.  I was rushed so it would have been nice to stay and enjoy the rest of the evening and talk.  

I would return to 229 for sure and when I do I will ask for a fork and more napkins.  When the place is packed and there's only one server and probably only one chef it is understandable how they could become inundated but surely there are things that can be done to mitigate the waiting between what is brought out hopefully.Ǿ
Let me start off by saying that I came into 229 with great expectations as I had heard really great things about it from friends. I will never give that business my money ever again. Came in for a quick bite tonight with my boyfriend after having a great night at the movies. Got to the restaurant and there were 2 others pairs in the bar. There was no server in sight for about 5 minutes and when she did surface she did not greet us for another 5 minutes. I ordered a glass of wine which tasted extremely acidic but didn't want to complain because my boyfriend gets embarrassed. 

We ordered the chicken tacos, the fish tacos and the Mac and cheese. The food took at least half an hour to arrive and we were the only people actually eating...out of 6 people in the place. Another table came in 15 minutes after us and ordered food too and got theirs at the same time as ours. I don't even understand how that happened.

When our food arrived it looked like the tacos were topped off with Tositos salsa that you can buy at any grocery store. Then I noticed AN ANT CRAWLING ON MY PLATE. My stomach started churning. We told the waitress and she took it back and told us she would get me another plate. At that point I had no appetite. I ate the mac and cheese because I was starving but the damage was done. The server didn't discount or comp the bill which is the worst customer service ever. I will go back tomorrow and try to get my money back. I should have had to pay for this terrible dining experience. 

The only good thing about the place was the DJ. 

I will never go to this place ever again and will get the word out to everyone I know to avoid this place like the plague. 

Ruined our date, ruined our night.Ǿ
Food: 5-star
Service: 1-star

Let me start off by saying that to not break down this 3-star rating further would be a disservice. 

I've been to 229 a handful of times now. The food is absolutely fantastic - genuine, authentic, Latin American fare. I've tried pretty much everything on their menu, from the tacos, to the empanadas, to the pupusas, ceviche, Korean short ribs, and the bone marrow burger. Pretty much everything was deserving of high praise, so don't hesitate to order whatever you're feeling.

Regarding portion size, most of the dishes are tapas sized, so ideally I'd recommend 2-3 dishes per person to get full. The lone exception I've found is the bone marrow burger. This is a full size burger and fries and was enough to fill me up on its own. 

Given how much I like the food, there's only one explanation why I'm not a regular, and that's the service, 

I would strongly advise against dining here if you are in a rush or cannot wait to eat. The wait times will really push your patience, from waiting for a server, to waiting to order, to waiting for your food to arrive, to waiting for your bill. My experiences at 229 are always the same - great food, sandwiched by extremely long wait times. 

Typical wait time to be greeted: 5 mins
Typical wait time to order: 5 mins
Typical wait time for food to arrive: 30 mins
Typical wait time for for bill: 5 mins

I love the food at 229 and I'd love to go more often, but wait times have been like this each visit for nearly a year now and are a real deterrent.

Ps. They've increased their prices for dishes $1-2 since they opened. The dishes used to be of great value, but the prices are a little more meh now. (ex. the bone marrow burger + fries used to be $12! It's now $14 and isn't as exciting anymore)Ǿ
I meant to write this place a review right away but I didn't have the time. This place has by far the best tacos in Mississauga. Really small and very busy on weekends. On Fridays, they have tacos for $5...it comes with 2 tacos and they fill it with fish and veggies to the top! You won't be able to eat thing thing properly because it's so huge! And they also have a legit hot sauce...that's actually pretty hot. The only downside to this place was that we waited quite awhile for our food to come (around 30 minutes). They don't have any starters to keep our mouths busy. Very small menu with mostly just tacos. They have a good drink menu but it needs to be updated because I've asked for a couple of drinks and they said they didn't have it. I almost got tipsy drinking with an empty stomach but when my food finally came out, I ate that thing like a hungry dog. We ordered a bunch of tacos - - pollo (chicken), fish, tuna tartare. The fish is my favourite. So, pro tip - just come here on a Friday and get the Fish tacos for $5. The end.Ǿ
Wow! This this is the best burger in town. And I've had a lot of burgers! Service was friendly and fast!Ǿ
Id give Dialo more than 5 stars but unfortunately yelp wont allow it! Atmosphere is great, very very good prices and the food is to die for!! Cant wait for the weekend to go back to this place!! It is by far my favourite place to eat and drink in the area!!!Ǿ
I love this place. Not only do I get to add a place to my late night eats list, the food is so good and there aren't a lot of good taco places in Mississauga. It's a small bar, not a lot of tables, and it does often times get rowdy. This is officially my Mississauga go-to bar (because I just want to eat, not drink xD).

I've gone twice now in an attempt to try everything on the menu and everything is great The tacos are so gooodddddd (for Mississauga).

Chicken Tacos:
Still good but probably my least favorite taco. Still, for $2 on Tuesday, that is just to good a deal to pass up.

Flank Steak Tacos:
This was my friend's favorite. The steak is so juicy and perfectly cooked.

Fish Tacos:
Perfectly cooked and zesty.

Chorizo Tacos:
This was my favorite. Packed full of punchy flavors.

Chorizo Empanadas:
These were yummy, with a side of salsa and cabbage that was tossed in a very acidic dressing.

Chorizo Pupusas:
It was interesting to try. I'm not entirely sure it's my thing. I can still imagine it's very good if you like it.

Grilled Korea Ribs & Corn:
I was actually impressed with how good this was. We've got this every time we've come. It's got a very smokey taste that I like. Very meaty.

Tuna Ceviche with Plantain Chips:
So good with the plantain chips.

The food is good but the service is beyond expectations. The chef himself brings often aids in bringing out the food to patrons and they are very attentive at the quality of the food they bring out and often strikes up conversation with his patrons. You can really tell there is this very familial vibe from everyone. Everyone that walks in is friend! This isn't just your average bar food!Ǿ
Super tasty food
Mac n cheese was an unexpected delight.
Great service too.
We'll definitely be back