Come here with a friend for dinner for the first time ever and LOVED it. The food is delicious and flavorful, all for a great price. The staff is friendly and provided excellent service. 

Definitely a place to frequent!笑
Great new place with friendly hosts and wonderful customer service. I had the ají de gallina (chicken in spicy cheese/chile sauce) and a pisco sour - the national cocktail of Peru. Both were delicious and authentic. Peruvian cuisine is the next big thing, I'm convinced, so check it out!笑
I went my with family to MAS for lunch for the first time. Ruth went above and beyond to make sure we had the best service. the food was really good. My kids really liked it and I highly recommend it.笑
I would give it a five star for the food and service. The best Peruvian food we have had. Ruth is charming and provided excellent service. However it was very noisy, to the point where it made any conversation difficult. We were there in the early afternoon so only one other couple there. I know that they have to do a lot of work at that time to get ready for the evening, but they need to figure out how to block the noise. We will certainly be back, but might consider take out. Difficult since a lot of the food is fried such as the yucca. All in all, a great meal.笑
Great atmosphere and helpful staff. I ordered anticuchos and I feel like I was in Lima. Can't wait to come back.笑
I came here with my Peruvian husband and we were both very impressed! The food is AMAZING! 
The decor is casual but quality, and the staff was really nice! We'll definitely come back here for more authentic Peruvian food! 
Try the lucuma ice cream!!笑
Ceviche, Aji de Gallina, Lomo Saltado,  Pisci sour all delicious and authentic. Friendly service and updated decor make this a favorite for my family!笑
Just went to Mas with wife and kids who are all from Peru.  We can attest that this is authentic Peruvian cuisine. Everything was really fresh and tasty.  We had pollo a la brasa (roast chicken), ají de gallina (chicken in a spicy sauce), arroz con pollo (chicken and rice with cilantro).  The maracuya and chicha morada (passion fruit and purple corn juices) were super fresh and refreshing.

Service was super friendly and quick.

Great restaurant!!!!笑
We came to Tempe to visit ASU.  We found a yelp deal for this restaurant and thought we should it out. We ordered anticuchos, ceviche, picante de mariscos, and chicken. The food was very good. The server was attentive and very nice.  Overall a good restaurant.笑
The food was amazing and the atmosphere was perfect. Service was a bit slow but not sure if they were truly slow or if they were giving my date and I time to be alone. I will definitely be going back in the future.笑
I been coming here for a few months and never been disappointed with the food or the service. This cozy restaurant has unique tasty food with a large menu selection from seafood, to beef and chicken. I recommend the Piqueo Del Mar, Arroz con Mariscos and the Pisco Sour for a cocktail. Also, they just added a bar!! :)笑
My husband and I love bringing our family and friends here! The food is soooo delicious! Everything from the pisco sours, to the cancha, to the ceviche mixto, and the lomo saltado. Ruth was a sweetheart! She served us for the first time today.  You won't be disappointed if you give it a try! The flavors are awesome!笑
Not only was the food extremely flavorful but the service was just as excellent.  I met the owners and they were pleasant to speak to as well.笑
I was here visiting - fantastic Peruvian food and charismatic management! Get the Beef Heart Anitcuchos, and of course a pisco sour!笑
Good and full. Love this little place. We always go here with our family and usually call ahead so the food is ready by the time we arrive. Other than that on the times we've ordered in house it can take a little time but the food is sure fresh and worth the wait. Will keep coming back.笑
Más o Menos

Decided to check out Mas to their current Groupon promotion. This Peruvian restaurant was bought out   and rebranded recently. I decided to order the Carapulcra I had a chance to try the Seco de Carne. The Seco de Carne was edible but was very salty overall. The Carapulcra was underseasoned but was the best out of the two dishes. I was disappointed that they were out of rotisserie chicken and lamb for the night as the Arroz con Pollo is a classic dish.

I hope the best for this restaurant and that they fine-tune their menu and their flavors.笑
Came to this restaurant with my boyfriend who is from Peru. We have been to the other peruvian restaurants around town but this one is by far the best!!! The papa a la huancaina is one of my favorite dishes as well as the ceviche and leche de tigre. YUM!笑
I'd recommend this place to anyone! Food was full of flavor, authentic, reasonably priced, with generous portions. We knew this because there was three different Peruvian families around us. We ordered muscles that were outstanding. The meal I ordered was full of different types of seafood.

Beyond the food, our server Ruth was so sweet and genuine. Wonderful experience, definitely going back!笑
Great food and quiet atmosphere. The owners are friendly and welcoming. I will definitely be back for more.笑
I love, love, love this place! Amazing Peruvian cuisine, lots of variety, all so freshly made, low prices and a ton of value for money!

But beyond the nice food, Ruth the young Peruvian lady who runs the place is a sweetheart. Highly recommend this place.

Will be ordering for catering to my office starting from next week.笑
We had visited this place back when it was Villa Peru. We had hopes that with the new name and ownership that things would have been better.  When we first pulled up the sign said that they were closed (it was during their website's open hours) but it looked like they were open. We called from the parking lot to check and no one bothered to answer the phone.  Right as we were going to leave we saw someone walk inside and flip the sign.  We were the first ones there and our food took forever.  In fact, the couple that came in after us had their meal and paid a good 10 minutes before we even received our appetizer.  

The pictures all show that the antichucos come with 3 skewers and we only got 2 with 3 pieces of overseasoned and very overcooked beef hearts.  Then finally our main entree arrived! Or so we thought.....They brought us arroz con mariscos.  We had ordered a jalea.  The waiter apologized saying that the kitchen messed up.  

Finally after an hour of sitting down (and being the first customers there) we were served the correct dish.  It was extremely disappointing. We've had jalea at numerous Peruvian restaurants and this was the worst we'd ever had!  The chef had literally just dumped the battered seafood in the fryer and then served it with the marinated red onions.  He didn't even bother to season it!!! There was absolutely no spices used or flavor.  I understand that different places make their dishes differently, but they even used Villa Peru's old menu that clearly showed a different style of jalea. 

There was no excuse for the half-assed rush job on this dish with lack of flavor.  We were using a coupon, but they didn't even try to comp us part of the meal (such as the $3 can of Sprite).  Besides the waiter apologizing again, the only attempt they made to make up for our horrible experience was giving us one to-go-cookie for the 2 of us to split....笑
Drinks are amazing at MAS! Ruth is the best server ever! Food is fresh and great! I had the lomo saltado and it was so good! Can't wait to go back!