Drinks were served in filthy glasses & the flatware had food stuck on it! Complained to the waitress- who nicely apologized but the manager never came out! Still got charged for the undrinkable drinks.Ǿ
I do not recommend going to this restaurant!!! I can not review the food as we were never served but I will tell you about the horrible service or lack of service that we received.... We went to this restaurant because we pass it regularly to go to a couple friends houses and decided it was time to try it. We went on a Thursday night around 6:30. Seeing it is around the dinner rush you would figure to get good service... well not in this case. We walked into the restaurant and stood at the host area momentarily without being greeted by the host. Once the host greeted us he was not to friendly at all. We kind of shrugged it off and figured he had a bad day but thought this is not really a good way to welcome someone into the restaurant. We finally got escorted to our table where we waited for fifteen minutes without anyone coming by to take our drink order. And no they were not busy at all. There was only three other tables of people in the restaurant and We noticed four servers walking around. Finally after fifteen minutes a server walked by us and went to the three tables around us. She never said I will be right with you or sorry about the wait and walked right by us. When she came back about five minutes later she did the exact same thing. So for the first time ever we decided to walk out of the restaurant. Over 20 minutes of no one even caring we were there. When we walked out we passed the server and she didnt even say anything. We went to the host table to drop off our menu's expecting maybe the host or manager to ask why we were leaving and there was nobody even there to greet people entering or leaving. I can see why the place is empty during dinner rush on a Thursday night. How does a restaurant expect to stay open when they don't even keep there customers from leaving. It was the biggest waste of 30 minutes of my life. I am not writing this so that a manager from the restaurant see's this review and get free meals. I just want everyone to know the experience I had so that you will not have the same experience. I will personally never go back to this place and my friends that Ive told this story to will not go as well.Ǿ
Giving one star hurts. Food was terrible and the service...what service. Had to wait way too long to even be greeted in the front and then sat at my table for at least 10 min. before anyone even came to my table. The place was empty on a Saturday, had no atmosphere, not enjoyable to watch a game.Ǿ
Never a great sign when you enter a giant restaurant for dinner and the place is completely empty. The next red flag was the menu that was enormous, I am talking on par with the ridiculousness of Cheesecake Factory. Since the menu had my head spinning I went the safe route with the chicken tender plate. My girlfriend ordered a Thai chicken inspired meal and her mom ordered a salad. I will say again the restaurant was pretty much empty, it took nearly 45 minutes for us to receive our meals. My chicken was decent, I think I expected it to be worse but it was nowhere near the wait I could have went to Bojangles for the same quality. 

Also, this place had the saddest beer menu ever.Ǿ
As locals who could take a jog to this bar, we decided to try it out for the first time. We went on a Saturday night around 6, but the rush on this night was about 5 tables in the entire place. We were greeted and ordered drinks, but they never came. Then, another waitress introduced herself and asked for our drink order. Apparently the first waitress had given her table up. We were never sure, because she flipped her story a couple of times. Regardless, if your restaurant is that dead on a Saturday night, you wouldn't think someone would be giving their tables up. She left to get the original waitress and we sat there looking at the menu for about 15 minutes after she left. Not one water, not one beer, not one waitress even glanced at our table. As a former server, this came off as unacceptable. To mask yourself as upscale (valet parking..really?) and to have this poor of customer service is a recipe for disaster. We got up and walked out, because why on earth would we willingly pay our money at that point? I'd say stay away. A place that is that empty on prime time on a saturday night just raises too many questions. Sure enough, we checked yelp after and saw many of the same issues. We were willing to try it, but we won't be back.Ǿ
Took 8 customers for lunch.  They put tables together and were all over us for drink orders.  Got the order in, some sales speak and out it came.  Everyone dug in and liked what they got. I had the cobb salad and it was great. Had to have a pound of bacon on it and then chicken too. Could not finish it. The SW ranch dressing was very good.  Lots of refills of drinks. In and out in less than an hour for 8 people is good.
The Cuban sandwich looked good and was consumed quick. The chicken Caesar wrap looked good. None went back. A burger was big and down. Some chicken sandwiches too.
Large menu. Lots of choices.Ǿ
Not a big fan but the best neighborhood bar closed :( decent beer selection though. Just stopped in for a beverage.Ǿ
Probably the worst service I've ever experienced at a restaurant! Stay away! My fiance and i went and ordered ONE order of their deep fried oreos and waited an Hour for it to come. they were alright but waiting an hour for one order of dessert is ridiculous.Ǿ
I've been twice so far and was not impressed. The mood here is more raucous and loud, so if you like that sort of thing, great. But it's too loud for me. And while pub food can be really well executed, they haven't been able to adequately deliver in this area either.Ǿ
It took an hour for drinks... Even though I ordered water. We placed orders about 45 minutes before the waitress came back and broke the news that they only have one more baked potato left... I'm sorry, what? Is this not a restaurant? For crying out loud, there's even a grocery store across the street.  I ordered the Southwestern taco salad and let me just save you the trouble. The taco shell was greasy, the tomatoes tasted old and the "mixed greens" were the inside of a head of iceberg with a few pretty leaves dropped in for good measure... The service started to pick up to decent about 2 hours in... But I still don't think that's enough for an extra star... If I ever set foot in this place again, it will definitely not be by my own choice... Save yourselves, please.Ǿ
How anyone had a good enough experience here to leave anything but a scathing review is an absolute mystery to me.

Such a shame, and a waste of a great location and nice building - I want to like this place, I really want to, and I tried to SO HARD. This place was great when it was a Midtown Sundries, and I had high hopes when they dressed the place up when it sold and became Bull and Barrister, but it's been a steady decline in every way imaginable over the past couple of years. The only thing worse than the food the last few times I was there was the service, and I *used* to enjoy the atmosphere, but I have a hard time enjoying anything when everything (EVERYTHING) I touch is sticky (the floor, the tables, my seat (wtf?)...)

This place got more chances to get their act together than most because they're less than a mile from my house. Often times we'd say "well, it sucks but it's close by...maybe this time they'll surprise us?" Yeah, we were in denial.

First off, you'll likely wait quite a while to be seated, and then you'll spend the majority of your dining experience waiting on your server to grace you with their presence. It isn't that they're busy - far from it - it's just that the hosts/hostesses are busy dicking around in the kitchen with the line cooks and the waitresses are far too busy texting their bfs and bffs on their cell phones to acknowledge your existence.

I can even forgive crap service for decent food at a convenient location, but everything I ordered during my last handful of visits -aside from the sweet potato fries - sucked hardcore: southwestern taco salad, barrister club, nachos, chicken fingers...I tried simpler and simpler things to make (how do you screw up something you just toss in a fryer?) but to no avail, it was all pretty repulsive.

The very last thing I ordered there was a black and bleu burger. I had a vague thought after I ordered: "hmm...our waitress did not ask me how I wanted that cooked, oh well, I'll deal with a well done burger..." When it arrived I realized that they used those frozen 1/2 inch beef patties that are too think to cook any way but well done. It was also suffocated in overly salty shake spices and charred to resemble a little black hockey puck, except I think a hockey puck may have been a little more savory and moist. 

I hate HATE sending food back, it's maybe once every 5 years that I do, but this was just inedible. When our waitress finally stopped by about 20 MINUTES after dumping off our 'food' I tried to politely point out my problem and asked if I could just get some chicken fingers instead hoping those would be safe and she said with a look of utter confusion "sooo....you want two dinners?" uhm, what? no. I'd really prefer to eat dinner just once, and I'd prefer it be digestible. What is wrong with you? I ended up just asking for the chicken fingers to go and she took my sick sad burger to the garbage, but sure enough, when the bill came, I was charged for both a burger and chicken fingers. I just paid it so I could get out of there as soon as possible and never return. 

Every time I pass this place (daily, damn it) I wonder how it is still in business and say a little prayer that maybe tomorrow will be the day the sign gets taken down and we have something halfway decent down the street from us. The only thing I'd find this establishment good for at this time is a bottled beer. And the only time I'd go there for it is if I was in the mood for it to be warm by the time it made it to my table 20 minutes after I ordered it. Just sayin.Ǿ
Interesting fusion of pub, sports bar and restaurant!  We went here on recommendation of a local person and really enjoyed it.  The food and beer selection was great, the service was VERY attentive and breathtakingly fast, and the ambiance was homey and pleasant.  

That night a live acoustic band called Swizzlelink was performing--we really enjoyed their music.  They were very friendly and took requests.

Star off for bad set-up to listen to a band, though.  They had the band off to one side of the place and no where to sit close by and eat.  They had to clear out tables just to set them up.  They should have a regular stage where most of the patrons who want to can see and listen without straining.

Also, the dessert was so-so--it was ok but nothing special.  My companion loved his dinner of fajitas and sampled two of the draft beers.Ǿ
A few problems with this place but some good stuff. I personally like the set up and pool area however this place has some issues and I fear if they dont change they will be like every other company in that area CLOSED RIP CICIs Pizza anyway number 1 the bar prices are good but the bar looks like total crap it looked better before they changed it. 2.all the food sounds delicious but its obvious the owner doesn't buy the "good ingredients" he saves by buying the cheapest food period. Even the boneless wings taste like crappy chinese food chicken GREAT FLAVORS terrible chicken Mcdonalds is better smh. 3.25 and up on saturday nights seriously? 4. Your tvs need updating bad between the terrible food the alcohol and blurry tvs this place made me seriously sick.You guys need to change quick or ill be waiting for them to turn it back into midtownsǾ
This is a good place to watch a game, or share drinks with friends. It was an overall good first experience, but nothing stood out to make this place any better than just simply 'ok'. We all got burgers, mine was the Big Kahuna, with pineapple, teriyaki sauce and smoked Gouda cheese. It was pretty good, and cooked to my liking. The sweet potato waffle fries definitely were a plus to the meal, but would skip the marshmallow dipping sauce.  

Overall good experience, would most likely try it again, with a group.Ǿ
STAY AWAY!

There were so many clues that this place was going to be horrible, but seeing as how we had a restaurant.com deal, we decided to ignore our first impressions.

We shouldn't have. We should have ran after seeing the mile long menu, but we didn't. I guess when we also ignored the fact that they have "30 something" dance parties on Saturday nights, we pretty much got everything we deserved.

We got a sampler appetizer because its Friday night and we're feeling adventurous. Out came a heaping pile of fried "things." Nothing really had flavor and I'm honestly not sure I could distinguish between the three items the sampler was made up of. But no worries, the lack of differnce in flavors on the plate was compensated for with a million dips and sauces... none of which really corresponded with any of the fried things on our platter. It was like a pre-meal puzzle.

We ended up just getting burgers, replacing the beef with turkey parties. Collosal mistake. Tasted like burnt rubber, which coincidentally was also the perfect description of the limp something's they surely considered French fries. Needless to say, less than half of our meals were completed.

But, beyond the meal, our waiter also tried to charge us for three meals (not two). Besides this, she was very friendly and I can usually chalk that up to a simple mistake, but when it was pointed out to her, she acknowledged that she knew it was wrong when she printed it out, but couldn't figure out why. And, they made sure to tack on the 18% gratuity on their own...

Just an all around bad experience. Luckily we had the restaurant.com deal, because paying full price for that would have been brutal. Stay away folks, I know I will.Ǿ
Stopped in for lunch this week with no great expectations and found a great roadhouse grill, wonderful and attentive staff and some serious food. Be careful with the 3 Alarm burger, it lives up to the billing. I had the hot sauce on the side and was able to survive it, tasty burger and if you like the heat, this is it. The small salad was a baby Cobb, how nice. I had some email to do after lunch their free wifi was just the ticket, they treated us like family (even dug out an extension cord for me). Noelle Wooten, the owner came out and talked to us, nice lady, nice team and great food and drink, what more can you ask for. I will be back anytime I'm in the area...Ǿ
Salmon and sweet potatoes were the bomb. Best lunch I have had all year!Ǿ
Ordered hickory BBQ burger and got the classic due to waiter who didn't write down the order. She insisted at first we ordered the classic but we clearly said hickory, other than that food was good and there wings aren't flavored that well but overall nice place to eat, they even had trivia night!Ǿ
As soon as we walked in we were taken care of. It's a fantastic place to have a drink and play some pool. Food is also pretty great. They have plenty of different options from steak to chicken wings. What ever your in the mood for they will have it. Plenty of choices at the bar as well! Service is also very nice. I give this place a FIVE star rating!Ǿ
One thing I can say about Bull and Barrister is that it is consistent...consistently horrible!  I have eaten lunch here on several occasions as many of my coworkers seem to love it.  Each time I try to be a good sport thinking that I just ordered the "wrong thing" the time before but each time the food is equally as disappointing.  The menu is completely uninspiring and filled with run of the mill breaded and fried substances.  No matter what you order it all seems to taste the same..bland.  The last time I was convinced to eat here, I ordered the fried green tomatoes.  They came out on a bed of iceberg lettuce and seemed to be coated in a thick cornmeal type breading.  They tasted as if they were prepared, then frozen and tossed in a fryer.  The tomato on the inside was cold and crunchy.  Unless you like hush puppies stuffed with crunchy tomatoes, I suggest you stay away from the fried green tomatoes.  My sandwich was not much better.  The turkey tasted like prepackaged cold cuts, the avocado was not ripe and the whole peppercorns in their peppercorn mayo almost cracked a tooth every time I took a bite.  The sweet potato fries were under cooked and had no flavor at all.  Again, another item that is clearly not made fresh in house.  The prices are also pretty high for the low quality of the "freeze and heat" food served here.Ǿ
The beer tasted great...sadly that is the only thing that did. We ordered a dozen raw oysters for an appetizer for $11 that were tiny. Maybe I'm spoiled being from the Gulf Coast. I ordered the steak fajitas with fried okra side and my husband got the buffalo chicken sandwich and fries. First all the okra was soggy. Second, I don't know what kind of meat I was served and/or how long it had been in the freezer but it was nasty! All I could think was my husband is about to go out of town and I'm going to have good poisoning. My husband took a bite and spit it out. I thought maybe I was being girly and dramatic but a man that won't eat steak? Yeah, I should have known better. When we told the waitress she said, "yeah, I could tell you didn't like it." They sure didn't take it off the bill, then again we didn't ask. My husband said the buffalo sauce was good on his bite of chicken. We left add they were about to turn into the club for the night. Will never go back...Ǿ
Been here afew times but always the same....horrible service and it wasn't even busy(lunch time) checks take forever to get to the table but the food is goodǾ
Read the reviews.... still went. Sigh.... incompetent waitress. Wings were good... that's it.Sorry, why have a service like yelp if you don't heed to the reviews. I will next time. RUN AWAY!Ǿ
I like this place.  No good reason other then they do not try to over deliver on what they are.  They are a good reasonable place for good reasonable food.
Plus they have a CIGAR ROOM!
Live entertainment was good last time I was there and this is definitely a good location to catch a football game.Ǿ
Well apparently I'm not the first one to say this, but this place has horrible food and service.

I contemplated leaving this review at that statement for a while, but I guess I'll be more concise. Okay maybe going in around late afternoon for lunch on Sunday at what appears to be an empty bar was a bad idea but there's not many options around this area unless you like fast food okay? We got seated pretty expediently and then we waited and waited and waited for water, for food, for our check, let's just say for everything. Come on now, the place is empty it shouldn't be hard to check up on us every once in a while!

As for the food, this place has no light or meatless options at all. So vegetarians and vegans beware! I ended up ordering some grilled veggies, whoever was behind the grill that day needs to chill out on the lighter fluid cause they came out tasting like gasoline. There was also the issue of them cooling down significantly by the time they reached the table and I know it's a bar but you can make food look tasty right? These were kind of just thrown on the plate. Poor veggies!

This was originally going to be two stars but you know what after ranting about it so much I realize it was much more of a one star experience.Ǿ
Nothing really to like here.  Low quality bar food.  Service and atmosphere to match.Ǿ
Stay away from this place, the menu is terrible and the food is left wanting. I came here against the advice of friends who've been here before and I regret that decision. The food I ordered was bland and cold and when I told the waiter they didn't seem to care as if this was normal. Stay away and save your time and money.Ǿ
I'm a huge fan of the English Sausage, so hooray for finding a local eatery that serves them up right!  Great service and the patio is the place to be.  Even on an 85 degree afternoon, it's shady and comfy.Ǿ
First off, hello Yelpers! I've been gone for a while, but let me put my 2 cents in on this place!
I've been here twice and I've not had a single problem! In fact, quite the opposite of all the prior reviews! My hubby insisted we try more of the local spots and I almost talked him out of coming here based on what I read. I'm so glad I didn't!
Our food was out quick and hot, it was well-portioned, and flavorful! Same for our second visit!! As for service, the staff was nothing less than attentive and knowledgeable and even recognized us from the first visit! I'm sorry the prior 23 if you had a horrible experience, but I can't find any faults! Plus, if The Hubbs likes it, then I love it!
Give it a try at lunch. Maybe dinner is crazy, but it's nice and quiet at lunch and no one rushed us or made us feel unappreciated!Ǿ
My girlfriend and I went here, as we often pass it going to the lake.  We decided to try it out finally, and it was a bad experience.  This was a Wednesday night, pretty dead inside.  It took WAY too long to be seated, we almost sat ourselves.  We were ignored for 10+ minutes after sitting down, the bartender noticed and helped us, finally our waitress comes over.  She was exceptionally rude, rarely asking if we needed anything, barely speaking and slamming our things on the table.  We got the fried crab dumplings, they were pretty good.  She got the plank salmon which was good, I got the philly cheese which was ok, the waffle fries were soggy and the marshmallow dip was gross.  We got the cheesecake which was not that great either.  We are definitely not a picky couple and roll with the punches.  The food is not worth coming back too and the service was probably the worst ever received.  The bartender is probably their shining star, and they seemed to have decent amount of beer selections.  Also, we ordered red wine that was not good either.  NOT recommendedǾ
I came here with a group of about 5-6 people. I wish I wouldn't have come here: horrible service and disappointing. 

The waiter came over and took our drink order and either he forgot about out drinks or it took him an abnormally long time to gather 6 sodas. I timed it and it took him 12 minutes to bring out our drinks. We ordered an appetizer and he forgot about it too, he brought it out when we got our dinner.

It was a late Saturday night and it was dying down so there was not a lot of people, I did not expect to wait an hour and 15 minutes for food. Yes, 1 hour and 15 minutes to make 5 sandwiches with fries and a steak. Really?

All in all, I would not recommend this place to anyone willing to try a new restaurant. The service was lacking and the staff were quite rude. The hostess didn't even crack a smile at us. She seemed rather annoyed. 

Sorry to have had this experience, I was looking forward to checking them out. Take a pass on this one, folks.Ǿ
For the sake of the Mountain Island area, I hope this highly visible establishment improves and makes it. The food and service is simply awful. A menu that has 50+ items is bound to be bad. Focus on something or a category and make it good.  Server rushed us and we were one of 10 tables, in the entire place. She dropped off a pile of napkins with a mystery goo / ranch-like thumbprint on them. We put them on the floor. 

We usually cave in and go here every 6 months because we're tired and hungry. Staying home and eating crackers would be more satisfying.

And, they brought me a Sam Adams...in a Bud Light pint glass. No no.Ǿ
The poorest customer service covered with a pseudo smile. Ordered and was very clear. My friends that accompanied thought so as well. The waitress got the order wrong. I can live with that. The problem came when the waitress all but called me a liar and placed blame on me. Won't be back.Ǿ
I really thought this place would be good from the looks of the place and their menu, but it was terrible.   First off, they brought us the wrong appetizer, then by the time they corrected it and were bringing the right appetizer our main food was coming.  The waiter said he'd take the app. off the bill but never did.  On top of that the app was terrible, it was the chicken / crab wonton etc platter...just terrible.  Then the main meal, I got shrimp and grits, and it was literally tasteless.  Will never go back or recommend to anyone!Ǿ
Met my sister and niece for lunch, after avoiding this place like the plague since my last bad visit here several years ago.  I thought, what the hay, it's been awhile, maybe things have changed.  Not so!  I ordered blackened fish tacos, my sister garlic Parmesan wings.  
The first bite of my taco was so salty, I could feel my blood pressure rising, my sisters wings had the same problem.  The server did offer us the option of getting something else of having the item removed from our bill.  However the mood was ruined.

I was very disappointed in this meal;  I will definitely not be returning .