Classy interior, well-poured margaritas, a menu that reflects high-end Mexican with a local flair. I'd like to rate them five stars but the service was officious and a bit condescending. They also gave us conflicting accounts of whether they took reservations -- over the phone it was "no," but then we were hassled for not having them when we walked into a nearly-empty restaurant at 5:30 p.m. Perhaps it's just a glitch in their opening process.笑
Wonderful dining experience! 
I decided to end the year at dinner with my girl and was extremely excited to find that the barrio cafe has branched out. What drew us here was the offering of a tasting menu. It is always great to experience a chefs desired progression of a meal. It is the closest you will come to being invited into their home, so to speak, and experience their craft. 
The dinning room staff were warm and inviting. 
The space intimate yet open (seating for ~18 +2 top at the bar) 
The ambiance celebrated the cuisines culture.
And the food was amazing. 
Each dish was balanced, seasoned and cooked perfectly; complimenting the last, leaving us wanting more. 
We opted for the spirit pairing (wine, beer, distilled all from Mexico) and were blown away. Never experienced wines from Mexico before, what we had were delightful. 
If you love to experience artisans share their craft, you will not be disappointed. 
If you view quantity as quality stay off yelp.笑
A more elegant take on the Barrio's at 16th St. The best thing is that they take reservations. Menu is limited than the one on 16th St, but awesome food. Loved the food, the ambience, the  waitress and their presentation. i'm going back for sure.笑
My wife and I wanted to take my in laws to a nice dinner. What we found by far exceeded that. This experience was amazing. The food, drinks, ambiance was 5 star. Our waiter Phillip truly went above and beyond his duties to show us a great time. I highly recommend this diamond. You will not be disappointed.笑
I stumbled upon this restaurant while I was on a quest to find a new and interesting restaurant. I would have to say this restaurant is a gem. Initially I was hesitant on going because of its location. It's in downtown Phoenix and located in a slightly worrisome part of town. However, upon arrival, the restaurant itself is very nice and is surrounded by some nicer, artsier areas, which mostly eased my safety concerns.

Being in Phoenix, we live in a grid system. Most restaurants are the shape of a rectangle. This place, at least the front seating area, was in the shape of a triangle. Two of the three walls were from ceiling to almost floor, which allowed for the romantic evening sunlight to shine through. The restaurant itself is small, but its decor was romantic and the atmosphere intimate.

My party was seated immediately but given the restaurant's small size, a reservation might be ideal at a busier part of day/week. Service here was FANTASTIC. It is better than most of the fine dining restaurants I've been to. From the young lady who seated us to our server, everyone was very helpful and informative. Our server knew the menu and everything off the top of his head. He gave us very good recommendations and was very helpful in answering all our questions.

They have both alcohol and food. I tried the Fenix margarita. It had a very distinct flavor due to the Diablito Mezcal but was a very good combination of fluids, nevertheless. For food, my friends and I shared the chips and guacamole. It was different in a sense where the avocados were chopped into chunks rather than mashed. I am more accustomed to mashed guacamole but the difference in presentation was simply that. It was very tasty, and I enjoyed it very much. The best part of the guacamole was when our server brought all the ingredients to our table and prepared the dish right in front of us! For my main dish, I ordered the Cochinita Pibil, a slow roasted pork dish. It was very flavorful and the portion size was large enough for two. It was slightly dry, but everything else made up for it. For dessert, my table shared the flan, tres leches, and another dish I cannot remember. My favorite was the tres leches. It has a very strong and distinct cinnamon flavor, which, in my opinion, made the dish. Presentation of all the dishes was simple yet made a statement.

I thoroughly enjoyed my experience here and will be making my way back. It's worth a try if considering!笑
The food selections are limited, unless you are a fan of pork. Additionally, the entrees are significantly overpriced on all levels- taste, quality, portions and seating is to close next dining table.笑
Fancy locale! Small on the inside, I'd recommend reservations especially during busy hours! The Jamaica is homemade and super tasty! I had the huitlacoche, which was something different to try, and pretty cool to know that a local restaurant has it! They served pressed coffee, my fave!!笑
Pretentious place except the location and the wall art by Tato Caraveo. Mediocre "high end" Mexican food at ridiculous prices. Not sure why the hype around that chef. Same thing with the original barrio long ago at Thomas and 16th. I get the idea behind mixing elements from central, south Mexico, Oaxaca and DFederal, but cmon 4 tiny finger sized seafood flautas covered in heavy creamy sauce for 24$?! Funny all my well traveled Mexican friends are referring to all Barrios locations as "comida por gringos"笑
Our meal was absolutely incredible. Happy to support an amazing local business with their finger on the pulse.笑
The Barrio Cafe Gran Reserva is a very small and very upscale Mexican Restaurant owned by a James Beard Award Nominated Chef.

At the time of this review this is a newly opened restaurant and my review is based on one lunch experience because I had difficulty making a dinner reservation. Reservations last week were difficult because I got the message that nothing at my dinner time was available for EIGHT weeks so I decided to try lunch instead and got in easily.

Tiny tiny restaurant upscale looking restaurant with up to eight tables unless they are pushed together.  The dining room is an unusual sort of triangle shape. The walls are adorned with AMAZING hand-painted artwork. You truly feel as if your sitting in a vestibule in an art museum. The room is filled with lots of natural light and you have lots of views of whimsical decorations outside everywhere you look.

The menu that was given to me on my visit was very dinner-like with dinner-like prices. Many of the ingredients on the menu I wasn't familiar with but my waiter was very helpful and answered any question I had.

We are already very familiar with the Chef's Famous Guacamole, Oochinita Pibil  and Chiles en Nogada so we wanted to try some different items.

We ordered and complimentary olives and bread arrives.

They started us out with fresh and unusual greens with a delicious slightly sweet and spicy dressing. Some of the greens were very unusual and there was a certain interesting herb in it that I wasn't familiar with that was absolutely delicious. The salad was powerful with bold flavors. We both really enjoyed this salad.

I picked the Tacuba. It was made of a special uniques tortillas, exotic cheeses, fresh spinach and more. I thought it was very tasty and interesting with the different waves of different sauces.

My husband had the Mole du Jour. It was white meat boneless matchstick cut chicken on our day that was served with a flavorful kind of rice. I'm not a mole expert but I can tell you the mole was deeper (sort of like coffee) and not as smooth as others I've tried before. The chicken seemed like good quality chicken and just had a natural chicken taste. The rice had a little tang and more.

With the current lunch menu this is only a once in a while or special occasion destination. Dinner certainly has the potential to be a five star event that I hope to try in the future.笑
Made 6pm reservations 3 weeks ago.  Hostess called to confirm the RSVP an hour prior.  After waiting 40 minutes, still no table.  No apology or follow-up phone call from restaurant. (Too add insult to injury, I had a gift card as a part of a package I purchased in an auction for a non-profit... so I paid an extraordinary amount of money for a disappointing service).笑
Basis for my starred ratings (which skews heavily to the food or drink):
1 star:  Never again.
2 stars:  Poor food, poor experience, extraordinary measures in order for me to come back.
3 stars:  Average, nothing really special, nothing particularly bad.
4 stars:  Very good, would definitely return.
5 stars:  A favorite, one of the best.

4.5 stars but showing 5 because the service was just so darn good.  Really outstanding.

Upscale Mexican food.  Don't let sticker shock set in because you know now, this is upscale Mexican.

Came in for lunch and the space is really bright and quite nice.  Meals come with bread service and a salad.  The spread that comes with the bread is great.  Really tasty.  The salad is good, fresh, nothing special.  

We ordered the house guacamole and the posole to start.  The guacamole is very fresh, more akin to an avocado salad.  Chunks of diced avocado, chiles, onion.  I'm allergic to pomegranate so they added citrus instead to add some freshness and acidity.  Pretty darn good.  

The posole is amazing.  Lots of pork, roasted green chile, it is deeply filling and satisfying.  We knew we ordered too much food at this point because the posole, which we finished, was so darn rich and filling.  I would get this again and again, even in the summer.

For entrees, ordered the enchiladas de mole and the halibut in poblano crema.  The enchiladas aren't your typical rolled enchiladas.  These are folded with a little cheese in the middle.  But these aren't the star anyway.  These are served with the mole of the day, in this instance, mole colorado.  This was a great mole Oaxacena.  Nutty, slightly sweet, bitter notes - it is complex and delicious.  I'm excited to go back and see what other moles are offered.

The fish was a little disappointing.  It was juuuuust a tad overcooked.  And underseasoned.  Even dipping the fish all into the poblano crema (which was subtle and delicious) didn't overcome the lack of flavor.  It needed a little something extra, not even necessarily salt.

But, all in all, an excellent meal, despite the mediocre fish.  I'm more a fan of regional Mexican than my wife is, so at the very least, I'll be back to try new offerings on the menu.

Oh yeah, I got a Bloody Maria.  It was spicy enough.  That is all.笑
Summary of a 3pm fixed price menu lunch: ($42 per)

Service: excellent with a very knowledgable staff. For a time we were the only table occupied and the staff was very attentive and offered some good advice on drinks. They seemed to be overstaffed as the lunch progressed yet it was a fairly long endeavor of about 2 hours. We may have arrived in between shifts which may explain the rather drawn out timeline in between courses.

Food: very, very good. Again, we opted for the fixed price menu of which I have attached the photos here. I will say that the fish course was slightly dry but had complex flavors. Pork belly was delicious but may have been over cooked and provided an almost glue-like sticky skin. Crisped queso and the lamb course were by far my two favorites. For a fixed price tasting menu, the portions, except the lamb, were too small. Presentation of all courses was outstanding as was a clear explanation of what we were about to indulge in next.

Drinks: had a mezcal based margarita that was very good albeit tasted a bit weak/watered down. They also have my favorite Victoria beer that was nice and cold.

Interior: this was the old Bragg Pie Factory place and they did not expand the interior. It is very small and quaint inside with a very fresh and clean feel. Authentic Mexican music was at a good volume for background effect.

This is an exceptional restaurant in an up and coming area on Grand Ave. Chef Silvana has rolled the dice on opening up a trendy/pricey little restaurant in an artsy, eclectic area of downtown and I think it will be a hit.

Overall score: 4.5 stars笑
So good! We tried the tasting menu which changes frequently. The margaritas are on another level. We will frequent again.笑
We're the server less concerned with impressing us with how sophisticated this good Mexican eatery is, she might have done a better job. All Gringos are not equally uninformed. So, how was dinner? Good, but not great, at least not for the price. Many of the dishes are standards from the Bario Cafe and could use updating. The guacamole at table side is a bit old. My duck was plated beautifully but could have used more - meat, veggies, and sauces, my wife's poblano was no better than she makes. My biggest problem was the coffee, a decent cup but lacking in anything to stand out. There's the problem; this is a restaurant that claims to stand out but doesn't quite do the job.笑
Wow what an awesome place!! Very personable. Chef makes everyone feel like familia and as if she's cooking just for you!! She has a huge heart and it shines through in her food. Keep up the work!! Viva Mexico!!!笑
The uniqueness of this menu was so refreshing.  As we waited with excitement for our food, our cocktails were served quickly: 3 different styles of margaritas, all delicious.  The spinach, pomegranate, and soft cheese salad was simple yet impressive. My family, a table of five, shared guacamole, soup, and two entres: enchiladas de mole con pollo & cochinita pibil.  We finished with flan de mi mami! Everyone was full, happy, and impressed. My mother said it was the best beal of the entire trip. I wish there was a Barrio Cafe in San Diego.

Felipe, our server, took such good care of us. He was attentive, friendly, and helped make really good recommendations. We loved the paintings and set up of this small space; it was an intimate & elegant dinner.笑
What a wonderful new restaurant on the outskirts of downtown Phoenix!  I was eagerly awaiting the opening of the latest iteration of Barrio Cafe and quickly made a reservation the day they became available.  We stopped in on Saturday night and were seated at a two top in this super quaint restaurant.  Our server was incredible and truly walked us through the entire menu, so we made educated choices.  I selected the agua fresca of the day (so flavorful and truly addicting), the tapcuba (wow, just wow!) and the tres leches to wrap it up. We will definitely be back and next time will enjoy the five course menu...sounds to die for!笑
The tasting menu is awesome. The atmosphere is great. We enjoyed every second. Great place. Do yourself a favor and visit Grand Reserva笑
What a great and unique place.  I love the ambiance from the painted murals on the wall to the music.  I could have hung out for hours drinking their margaritas and just enjoying the feel.  It took me back to a cool little cafe in South America.  Food was on point as was the service.  A new favorite spot. Highly recommended if your looking for something original and real.笑
This is the top of my favorite restaurants not only in Phoenix, but above anything else I've had around the world. Do yourself a favor and try the prix fixe menu paired with the wine tasting. You get just enough food, high quality favors, and a great variety. Every ingredient is carefully prepared and makes the food is superb. 

My favorites dishes were the aguas chiles, and the grape leaf wrapped in cheese. The 7 chile oil is to die for. I literally wanted to take a bottle of it home.

To drink, we did the prix fixe tasting pair menu and the Santo Tomas Tempranillo was a great starter wine. I recommend starting with the Siete Leguas Blanco. One of the best tequilas I've have in a while, smooth, light and something you can sip on your whole meal.

Miranda was our server and she was bar-none. An expert on every dish and ingredient and quick to make a recommendation no matter what your taste. She knew the food and drink menu better than anyone anywhere else.

All in all kudos to Chef Silvania, Miranda, and the entire staff at this place. Already planning my next visit.笑
Barrio Café Gran Reserva is essentially a scaled down version of their flagship 16th Street Barrio Café. I use the term "scaled down" because, not only is the size of the restaurant smaller, but the menu doesn't offer quite as many options for those familiar with what can be found at the original.

When I reviewed the original Barrio location, I gave it an underwhelming three stars. Most issues stem from overpriced food that seems to cater more towards the urban crowd that think paying upwards of twelve dollars for churros is "normal" in today's food landscape.

This second location is a bit different. Unlike 16th Street, they do take reservations here. In fact, they're strongly recommended, as the seating is pretty limited. My girlfriend and I were barely able to be squeezed in on a Thursday evening out of sheer luck.

The menu seems to provide a selection of popular entrées that Barrio fans will be quite familiar with. The bread with salsa-styled spread has been carried over. Additionally, they were trying to sell us on their 44-dollar tasting menu, but we decided against it.

Oddly enough, many items we've tried at 16th Street were conspicuously absent at Gran Reserva. There were no enchiladas suizas (only mole) for dinner. Forget ordering standard tacos. Those overpriced churros and equally overpriced, but decent, pastel de chocolate, were also nowhere to be found.

I convinced my girlfriend to order their Café con Leche, which is essentially just that. Someone was boasting about how they pour it at your table. Yeah, just like they poured my soda. Who cares? Be careful, as my girlfriend was asked when she wanted the server to stop pouring the leche. Uncertain of what would be considered "enough," she left it to the server to decide. The end result was a glass that was only halfway full. Ouch!

My girlfriend opted for the Chiles en Nogada, while I decided to order the Tacuba. Before they were prepared, we were provided with miniature salads. A nice touch, but its chili paste resulted in the salad having a bit too much of a "bite" for our tastes.

The gap between salad and entrees took forever, to the point where I thought they forgot about us. Perhaps more focus was placed on the tasting menu tables. Both entrées, which were alarmingly small, were just okay. We liked the Tacuba a bit more than the Nogada, which seemed to be in desperate need of some cheese or a heartier meat. Both were fairly small entrées given their asking prices, which is consistent with what you've come to expect from Barrio. Don't come here with the anticipation of leaving with leftovers. You won't - and it's also likely that you might still be hungry when finished.

For dessert, we ordered their tres leches. At eight dollars, the damned thing was practically the size of one of Bimbo's mini mantecadas (muffins) topped with a bit of espresso and leche. In fact, it could easily pass as one. Another reviewer compared it to the size of a post-it note, which is no exaggeration. I mean, could they seriously be anymore stingy?

Honestly, I don't know. I'm all for paying a little extra for places that serve superior food. Barrio is one of those restaurants that I've always, deep down, wanted to desperately like. Unfortunately, I maintain my stance that it's nothing more than high style (and price) with lackluster execution. And for that, aside from their ultra-cool interior designs, I can't really say that it's a place I'd get the urge to revisit.

All sizzle and no steak.笑
We had the sampler menu.  It was 9 courses of awesome. Stimulating savory sensations with each dish.  Small space, limited seating. Too early to tell what wait times will be since it's reservation based.  Sans reservations, they fit us in with only a 30 minute wait, which turned out to be well worth the wait.笑
I came here on a Saturday afternoon. Old school latin music played overhead which was very good. The art and the look of the place is small, but good. The waiter and staff were very friendly and I enjoyed my waiter's unique mustache and hair. I asked the waiter to ask the chef I make for me whatever he wishes as I couldn't decide off the menu. The bread and salsa that came out as an appetizer was great and I had water. The chef decided to make me something off menu and it turned out to be a very delicious dish called guacamole enchiladas! I really recommend this place!笑
We love Chef Silvana and all her creations, so we were excited to check out Barrio Gran Reserva!

The location is great, I'm so excited that Grand Ave is getting awesome local businesses to bring life back to the area. The building is the old Bragg's Pie Shop and GBR does the landmark justice. 

The tasting menu is really innovative and the best way to try a bunch of different tastes. Everything is executed beautifully, and the posole and tres leches cake are delicious!!笑
Can I just tell you how amazing the staff is here! My mother-in-law wanted to eat here while visiting from Kansas City, not realizing that we needed a reservation. They totally set up a table for 8 for us (which was no small effort) even though we didn't reserve. 
The food was SO good. I had the Chiles de Nogada. A poblano pepper stuffed with chicken, apple, pear, apricot and pecans. In a walnut cream sauce. It was delicious. And then of course Flan for dessert. 
It's a tiny place, but I highly recommend it for a special evening out.笑
I don't have words to express how special this place is. From the stunning food, to the warm and knowledgeable staff, to the beautiful art (all by local artists) -- it just kept getting better and better. A destination spot, for sure. Don't miss it!笑
Another great restaurant by Chef Silvana Salcido Esparza! The conchinita pibil was absolutely  divine! As was the pineapple tres leches cake!!! Some of my dining partners had the tasting menu, which they said was phenomenal. A must try! A great dining experience.笑
What a terrific find. Delicious and sophisticated tasting menu (be sure to order that!) with Mexican flavors and ingredients, but not your typical Mexican recipes. A great surprise: the friendliest little restaurant in a nice welcoming neighborhood. Even got to watch see a parade go by.笑
The food is interesting , the building is super artsy and fun to look at all the different murals and creativeness on the street ... Driving by I would never think this is a "fancy" place to eat .. It's casual but the food is pricey and and creative .. I had no idea what anything was in the menu which made it hard to justify spending 30$ a plate , so thank goodness for Yelp and people taking pictures ..The taste was good , ingredients were fresh .. It did take a LONG time to get our food , to the point we were sitting there bored . It's a different flavor of Hispanic dishes , don't expect enchiladas with rice and beans here .笑
Let's just start by saying the food was amazing. It was what was expected from being told from friends and reading reviews. We came here to celebrate mothers birthday. Everything was going well until the miscommunication. 


What is disappointing is the bad the business. I understand the process of up selling- but you should advise if there is a big price difference. We pointed to a list of Herradura. $9 difference to $69. For someone who isn't well versed in spirits- how is one to know? Especially if the server knew this was our first time coming to this restaurant. 

We had an issue that we addressed with our server Marcos. That same night- error wasn't addressed properly. We go in the next day- to try and address this issue- we were first told "we can't help you with this issue as we are super busy" we were then told to come back later. My sister went in later to get this resolved. We were then told that this refund would be issued the following week.... 

The following week comes and we are charged each an additional amount. At this point I feel so disappointed ever coming here- This has just gone on too long and should not require numerous visits and emails and phone calls to resolve a miscommunication. I have never in my life have dealt with something like this when it comes to dining. 

Beware of this restaurant.笑
Chef Silvana did it again! We are long time fans of Barrio Cafe and were blown away by Barrio Cafe Gran Reserva. It's Barrio Cafe, but even more elevated with the integration of many exotic regional Mexican ingredients that I have never heard of. The service is outstanding, the atmosphere is awesome and the food is the star. Best tres leches I have ever had. High fives all around.笑
U fortunately .need to up date review. Tried second tasting menu with pairing . Was so disappointed. Barely had a bite for me wine poring poor I loved this place don't know if I'll come back servers were awsume but the food did not meet expectation. won't come back so sorry loved this place.笑
the hours are wrong.  only open for lunch on weenends.  went for lunch on tues so no review.笑
This is a wonderful restaurant with amazing food!!  I booked my reservation weeks in advance to secure a Saturday evening spot.  We were seated at the 2-person bar, which is their version of a "chef's table".  What a great experience; I recommend the bar if you can be seated there.  The bartender was amazing and we interacted with many of the servers throughout our meal. Everyone was passionate about the restaurant and the menu and shared that with us. They also have an impressive drink menu and I highly recommend the Fenix!  (I brought a picture of it posted from Yelp!) As others have said, definitely try the tasting menu. I can't say enough good things about it! The pork belly (with a homemade organic corn tortilla, avocado and peanuts) and the lamb chops were some of the most delicious food I've ever had. The entire tasting menu was creative, flavorful, exquisite. Please try this spot - you won't be disappointed!!笑
Wow, arrived on time for a 9:00 pm reso and was left to sweat on the street.  No chair, no water and no estimate when my table would be available. The greeting was and this is a quote "We have noted your arrival time". There were 6 other people waiting, on the street, outside.  Ouch. Left to a more professionally run restaurant.笑
I feel very fortunate to live in a town that has really great Mexican food.  In Phoenix, we are able to pick and choose.  If I want street tacos on the cheap, I can go to one place, tamales at another, regional someplace else.  

For something really special, however,  there's Barrio Cafe Gran Reserva.  The tasting menu is an experience anyone who has any interest at all in eating food where the soul of the chef is both visible on the plate and savor-able in every bite, you must try Gran Reserva.  I have had the tasting menu twice now.  The second time, I was a bit sad that the menu had changed, but was quickly won over by the delicious offerings on the new menu.  Each of the six courses (both times) was fabulous.  

The staff here is wonderful, enthusiastic and knowledgable.  At the end of the meal you will feel well fed and well taken care of.

Every detail at Gran Reserva demonstrates Chef Silvana's attention to detail and careful consideration of the the whole dining experience.  I love the small compact nature of the space, the art and white table cloth dining room. Gran Reserva also offers Chef Silvana's signature plates from her other projects as well.  If you can, plan ahead and make reservations.

Expect a dining experience you will not soon forget.笑
My evening was incredibly special. The restaurant is small, quiet and beautiful. Our waiter was knowledgeable and extremely right on with recommendations. His wine and tequila suggestions were perfect. The food is very tasty and the guacamole is superb. What an amazing find, especially in a world of cookie cutter type restaurants.笑
This is one of those restaurants that wants us to, by sheer force of will, make us, will us, to love them. I, for one, did not. Love the place. And the fact that there isn't an email/contact for any of the Barrio Cafe's on their websites is troublesome, just like they don't want to be contacted.  That is not the way a PROFESSIONAL service business operates responsibly. 

These guys talked about "flavor" but I thought the flavor was lacking in the food that we ordered (never mind that they pushed way too hard on the tasting menu for $50 or $60). 

The only thing I've ever eaten from Barrio Cafe was a doggie bag of guacamole from the 16th St. location. It was absolutely delicious, probably the best guacamole I've ever had. This guacamole wasn't really guacamole; it was more of an avocado and pomegranate salad. The avocado was left in chunks, not mashed, no tomato or tomato sauce, interesting, yes, and absolutely nothing like the doggie bag guacamole I recall. Could the recipes be that different between the two restaurants?

I ordered a shredded pork dish that, while a very generous portion, was good, not great by any means. My dining companion ordered the Chile relleno, which looked beautiful but was rather unspectacular in every regard. 

I watched the chef shows and I think most common mistake that I see is the chefs not tasting their food. There's no way these people are tasting this food and patting themselves on the back. 

HERE'S THE KICKER: we had enough of each dish left over to take home. So, if it's "all about flavor", how could the busser have put both entrée dishes into one doggy bag like it was some stew or goolosh, or a f-Ing buffet!  Why would I want to reheat two dishes, totally unrelated, now piled together?  Not "mom-and-pop", UNPROFESSIONAL!

You go. I'm not. $77 plus tip.笑
Miranda, is amazing. I mean, I fell in love with her just because of her passion. The food, is as passionate as she is and that is all you need to know.笑
I was a frequent visitor when Bragg's Factory Diner occupied the premises.  While I was sad to see my regular haunt disappear, I was encouraged to learn that Barrio Cafe had taken this small space so I looked forward to a meal.

After a day of meetings, I rushed over to Grand Avenue and appeared on their doorstep without a reservation.  Considering the few tables here, I was grateful they found room for me.  Unfortunately, small is a theme here as the portions are exceedingly spare.  If I had ordered two of everything, I would have been content.  Indeed, the tres leches cake was the size of a small post-it note.

Will I return?  Maybe.  The food was very good.  The fish alone was prepared to perfection.  I'll just have to make sure that I have a meal before I walk in the door so I don't leave hungry.笑
Had an A+ dining experience. Sat at The Chef's Counter which enhanced our dining pleasure. Recommend the fixed price dinner and drink menu. One dish was better than the next. We loved this restaurant. Have a feeling that we will be talking about it for a long time. Too bad we are leaving Phoenix tomorrow. Definitely will be back next year.笑
Update 12/1: we've been fully refunded.

Update 11/23: wait....another charge of $160.66 in my bank statement. Not sure what's going on here on top of the incorrect billing. The reimbursement below was reversed. I see 2 charges now. So over this BS. 

Update 11/22: 
We were reimbursed for the billing mistake. Saved us $321. Thank you Barrio Gran reserva. I do love a good drink however not $321 worth! 

Update 11/19: barrio gran reserva reached out. Since this was left unresolved from last night when we initially tried to clear up the miscommunication we thought we were left to deal with it. We spoke with Marcos today and we're told that the extra charge will be removed next week. I will absolutely revise this review and turn a negative into a positive. 


Barrio Cafe Gran Reserva goers BEWARE. 

We set up a reservation for my mom's birthday on 11/18/2016 at 8pm. We grew up going to Mexico City as kids and we wanted to take her somewhere where she could connect with that at some level. The food was delicious. 

The only kicker that I feel so wrong about was how our waiter Marcos completely blindsided us. When presented with our drink menus we were going over our options. We each ordered a drink. One of us orders "a glass of herradura" on their menu it states a glass for $69 and a glass for $9. We pointed at the glass for $9. He says a name and he brings out what we think is the $9 glass. When the bill comes we see we have a $276 charge for herradura. If he was about to charge us for the $69 glass of anything I think it his responsibility to inform us about this. I would have politely declined and said I want the $9 glass please bring the $9 glass. Instead he charges us $69 a glass. Our grand total including his tip that he factored in was well over $600 (total in tip it was at least $120). We are by no means herredura connoisseurs and wouldn't have been able to taste and think "oh, this is the wrong one.". We tried to dispute it there, he appeared very nervous when we approached him because he knew what he did was wrong. We weren't about to argue about this during my mother's dinner.

I feel so shocked, cheated and ripped off. This wasn't fair. I've never experienced this before. I hope we can come to an agreement. Right now we are waiting to meet with Marcos our server, so this can be resolved in a fair way.笑
Pretty darn amazing food.  I honestly cannot remember a time when I had better or more interesting Mexican food.  Let's hope this place keeps the unique and fun train rolling.  I know that me and my family will be back!  Nothing here to not try again.笑
First visit and we were very pleased with everything can't wait until our next visit. The intimacy of the small dining area was unbelievable even with other patrons so close.笑
Service: Impeccable. Prompt and attentive. A lot of pride has gone into the food, the decor, the music, the drinks and it shows. 

Food: impeccable. Pan seared halibut plus a starter salad for 19. Smh. The quality of the food. The combinations. I can't say enough about the food. I am going to dream about this halibut dish. One of the best I have ever had. 

Ambience: highly impressive. Bistro style type setup with either old school R&B, I'm talking chi-lites, delfonics type music, or older Hispanic music. 

And a super bonus to me was that the Chef came out and asked about meal, told us about their other locations, and the tasting menu. 

What a wonderful dining experience!笑
My husband and I came here for my birthday and we were blown away! I had the Cochinta Pibil and my husband had the Chilies en Nogada and it was some of the best food we have ever eaten. The staff was incredibly friendly and could even speak to the cool artwork throughout the place. It is small, and intimate, and is a great romantic spot笑
My friend and I decided to meet for lunch. It was awesome our server Miranda was so nice and just added to atmosphere.笑
There are no words to describe the gastromic journey that I took tonight with the tasting menu...it was amazing, playful and left me satisfied.  From the jicama salad, to the scallop, to the halibut to the lamb, to the chocolate mouse and berries it captured the senses and played with my eyes. Chef Sylvania has truly upped her game and created a artistic palette for the downtown cuisine....we are coming back, next week too soon?笑
An amazing explosion of flavors! Service was fabulous and food was magnificent! We had the mole negro enchiladas and the chile en Nogada! Not 100% original but surprisingly good! If you are looking to taste amazing food make reservations as soon as you can!笑
The enchiladas were amazing and the flavor was so powerful! Highly recommend this for a shrimp and crab lover. It is a very small restaurant, but worth the wa笑
One of the sexiest most delicious meals I've ever had. Tasting menu was delectable, the staff was as lovely and delicious as the food.
Rather than do the wine pairing, we asked for a premium silver tasting menu of tequila.
Barrio Café has never disappointed, and this restaurant is so charming and perfect in every way, that I find myself having a crush on the chef just because she such an EPIC bad ass. 
I have friends coming in from all over the country, as we are in a food lovers group. We all cook and feel as if we do relatively well in our own right. 
This restaurant is a dessert to people like me, where food means more than just filling my stomach. 
Sexy love affair. 
Brava!!!笑
Had such an amazing, innovative, and creative meal here. Top notch service by Miranda, amazing wine pairings, and a six course meal for 50 dollars. Every course was a new taste explosion. Absolutely loved it.笑
Magic!!! This was the best birthday dinner. The flavors were just absolutely amazing. I had the Tucaba they were like little cheese and spinach filled tacos with some kind of beautiful sauce. So great!! I also had the posole verde... I don't know what kind of witch craft this lady does but it was the best thing I've ever eaten. Just an overall wonderful experience. The guacamole was unusual..UNUSUALLY AWESOME!!!笑
We were fortunate to try the tasting menu.   Every bite was sublime.   The service was personal and focused.  The atmosphere is intimate.  I can't imagine any better tour of flavors, prepared with techinical precision, in a warm and professional setting.  We were really impressed and so thankful to have had this experience.笑
When I heard of another Barrio opening in 'the barrio' of central Phoenix in June, I could not wait to try it! I even got my Hulu out and re-watched Guy Fieri's Diners, Drive-In's and Dives episode of his visit to Barrio Cafe and refreshed my memory of one of the most fabulous AUTHENTIC Mexican meals outside of Mexico that I've ever experienced. Last weekend I decided it was time to try Barrio Gran Reserva for brunch and once again, I was blown away by the authenticity and flavor within every bite and dish we tried. This Barrio is smaller than the Barrio Cafe on 16th Street with a handful of tables. The neighborhood is well, what the name suggests: in the Barrio. The unique wedged shaped building is in the historic Braggs Pie Factory, which is on the National Register of Historic Places, although the pie factory is sadly gone, Chef Silvana Salcido Esparza has turned this cute crisp, small white building into a mecca for her amazing iconic dishes. You will find a smaller menu here and only two seats at the bar, that DO give you a full view to the open kitchen. Sit at one of the tables and have a view of downtown PHX. She also offers a Menu de Gustacion, or tasting menu in the evenings that a wine pairing can be added to. I was so impressed with Barrio Gran Reserva. The service was amazing and very attentive. We started with the Bloody Maria, made with the house made Bloody Mary mix and tequila; and the Fenix, a smoky mezcal and light refreshing OJ, and herbs such as basil, make this drink perfect for the hot summer days in PHX. Next, we ordered the housemade guacamole... pomegranates give this chunky, spicy guacamole a perfect tang and sweetness! Brunch has a limited menu, and again, a difference from the Barrio Cafe versus here is the limited menu. No worries, the food is amazing! You won't be disappointed! We ordered the Enchiladas Suizas, five rolled enchiladas stuffed with various cheeses and an amazing rich creamy tomatillo sauce and topped with a over easy huevo! Mmmmm... I do love a Mexican breakfast! So yummy and rich, this dish can be shared. I took some of the guac and added it and made it perfect! My husband had the Bistec con Huitlacoche y Huevo.. an ample serving of perfectly grilled rib eye steak, corn and Huitlacoche , (yes! You should def be a real foodie and Google that!!), served over a corn tortilla and topped with an over easy egg. So much , my husband who can put it away, could not finish this huge meal! Now let's discuss this drink menu! There are so many drinks on the menu! Very innovative and amazing ! Our waiter advised if I found I didn't like what I ordered, he would get me a drink I did like! I love that type of service. He let us sample the Bloody Mary mix first too. We also had a Cafe con Leche.. hand poured at the table with steamed milk. I loved the Mexican cafe I had before at Barrio Cafe and this cafe did not disappoint either. I can NOT wait to come back and partake in the tasting menu one evening soon! Chef Silvana Salcido Esparza , I am truly a fan of what you have accomplished!笑
Oddly wedge shaped restaurant with no more than 8 tables. Spanish guitarist playing enthusiastically upon entry and all evening. White table cloths and incredibly friendly greeting. A small two person bar in the back has a wide assortment of mezcals and tequilas for all price ranges.  

The table side guacamole was delicious. Prepared tableside it comes with the usual ingredients but the addition of pomegranates really was a nice touch. The chips may have been home made but it was much earlier in the day. It was missing some warmth and crunch.

A beet salad with greens and feta fared well.  Fresh if not very inventive. 

They mean well and have promise, but they fail in execution. One of us had the tasting menu and the rest a la carte. The tasting menu looked great but came out incredibly slowly. The a la carte dishes came out near the 3rd or 4th course of the tasting menu - about an hour and a half in. The fish special which should have been a nice seared cobia instead was overcooked with zero skin. Utterly disappointing. 

I'm all for spending long hours over good food but consistency, attention to detail and service are paramount. They have more work to do.笑
My boyfriend and I enjoyed a delicious meal at this restaurant which is only 1 week old.  I ordered the Chiles en Nogada (chicken, apples, pears, apricots, pecans in a poblano chile, with a walnut cream sauce sprinkled with pomegranate seeds & cilantro).  The different flavors blended well.  My boyfriend had the Jaiba y Camaron which was also delicious. It contained a lot of shrimp & crab meat and the corn tortillas tasted superb.  For desert we shared the Flan and it was big and the best I've ever eaten!  Our waitress was very helpful and our food came out quickly. 

The atmosphere is nice.  It's a small restaurant but we didn't have any trouble getting a table at 6:30 pm on Friday without a reservation.  However, I think wee were lucky.  They only have about 30 seats so make a reservation.   

The murals done by Lalo Cota were beautiful!  

My only negative comment is that the wooden chairs seemed out of place and did not compliment the beautiful murals and decor.  

I gave this place 5 stars!  Compliments to the Chef!笑
Fantastic addition to the quirky Grand Avenue neighborhood. Such a unique spot - from the historic 1940's storefront with dramatic floor-to-ceiling windows, to the colorful hand painted murals by local artists on the walls, the retro banquet seating, the rich handmade walnut bar, and sparkling clean kitchen. The food was fantastic, specifically the 9 course tasting menu, comprised of delightful and unusual ingredients and food combinations, with an array of tasty ground chile pastes and sauces. Everything is made with a goal of excellence - as well as the desire to showcase esteemed authentic Mexican dishes that are hard, if not impossible, to find locally. The intimate size of the location feels as if you have pulled up a chair in the Chef's own kitchen and been lovingly served her favorite dishes, with recipes passed down over the years and through the generations.笑
First, let me say the food was ok. I ordered the camaron enchiladas and my fiance ordered the pork posole. The Enchiladas have a very thick, creamy sauce that some people may think is too rich but I liked it. The best thing though was the "famous guacamole" the pomegranate seeds were a pleasant surprise and worked really well. Did I think the food was equal to the price? We thought no. There are plenty of places around that you can get the same food WITH sides for half the price. 

Now for the reason I'm giving it 1 star... I was sitting there eating when my fiance stood up and motioned for the waiter to come over. He basically told me not to turn around so I'm hoping it's not a roach BUT... Yup, a HUGE ROACH was behind me about a foot away from my head! One of the male employees grabbed it off the wall behind me but I was mortified. My fiance said it was the biggest roach he's ever seen and didn't finish his posole and I was basically done at that point. The waitress and the hostess apologised but do you think they took anything off the bill? NOPE! I would think it's common sense that if one of your customers has to flag you down to kill a roach crawling right behind me, you could at least take off an appetiser? We definitely won't be back.笑
Good service and good food.

I paid about $14 for a bacon, eggs, and potatoes breakfast.  For bread, they served something toasted with a guacamole spread, topped with pomegranates.  It had a nice flavor.

I have no real complaints.  The dish was attractive and all of the flavors worked well together.  In fact, the bacon may have been some of the best I have ever had.

I definitely recommend visiting Gran Reserva.笑
The customer service is horrible, not young people friendly, if you want to be in a room that only fits seven tables and sit around old white people go for it. The website says that you don't have to make a reservation so my boyfriend and I went and the lady told us it would be about 40 minute wait time which is understandable for a small place and even after that she had the audacity to tell us that they take long to prepare the food as if she did not want us to stay there. After that we just left, never coming here again. If I could give it less than one start I would.笑
This is a must go! My husband and I invited my parents to a 5pm dinner. He and I arrived very early but were quickly greeted by the most gracious and friendly host Phillip. He tended to our every need while we waited, and made conversation. By the end of our visit (3 hours later) he felt like family! The margaritas were refreshing and different from the usual chain restaurants most of us are used to. The dinner menu offered a variety of flavorful dishes, and a tasting menu paired with wines and a special cerveza. My husband opted for this choice, and he was extremely happy. Each dish was a generous serving, and the flavors left us all wanting MORE! We will definitely be back and look forward to seeing Phillip again!笑
This is the latest creation by Chef Slivana and similar to the original Barrio Café but with a little more panache'.  Smaller, quieter space with white linen tablecloths and better silverwear.  In an old historic building with lots of charm this place is TINY.  When I say tiny, I mean there are probably only five tables for maybe 20 diners at the most.  You'd better make a reservation if you plan on eating here.  Lots of local art both inside and outside to look at.  So that is the ambiance.

The food is excellent as what you would expect from this celebrated chef.  Smaller menu than the original Barrio and includes a 6 course tasting menu.  Some of her best dishes are on the regular menu including the Chilies en Nogada and Pork Pibil.  Prices are slightly higher than the main Barrio and i'm guessing that is to make up for the smaller number of guests she can serve.  Drink prices are noticeably higher especially.  Philip was our server and he was charming and made us tableside guacamole (not sure this is the way he was supposed to make it but the guac wasn't chopped up like usual....just the sliced avocados with all of the other ingredients mixed in).  It was still delicious but made it harder to use a dip for the chips.  

We loved everything we had and the chocolate dessert with Quaxacan chocolate and fresh berries and cream was heaven.  It was my birthday dinner so Philip bought us a Flan and it was way better than most Flan I have had....not a gellatanous glob, but a rich, textured Flan drizzled with just the right amount of sauce and topped with nuts.  

My one complaint would be the air conditioning....it was extremely warm the entire time we were there, otherwise it was top notch and I will definitely return!笑
For my money Chef Silvana has done more for Valley food and art culture than any single person. Instead of resting on her laurels she's using Gran Reserva to push the culture even further. The art is amazing! Not just the art in the restaurant but the art throughout the whole neighborhood including the Sentrock mural across the street. The food is transcendent. Get the tasting menu and just trust that you're going to get Comida Chingona if Chef Silvana designed it.笑
I'll admit I was pretty bummed when Bragg's Diner closed at this location awhile back.  But I was equally intrigued when I heard Chef Silvana of Barrio Cafe took over the building with plans to deliver another of her unique Mexican inspired experiences.  My friend wanted to take me out for my birthday so it was with great enthusiasm that I chose this place as my birthday dinner of choice.  Make sure you make a reservation in advance on OpenTable by the way as this place is small and gets busy during the dinner hour.  We got here right after 5 on a Friday when the crowds started to roll in.

The building has gotten quite the upgrade from the Bragg's days.  The interior has the quintessential feel of a fine dining establishment (even moreso than Barrio Cafe's flagship on 16th Street).  Various Mexican inspired artworks line the walls, but overall the feel is that of a formal dining experience.  The place seats no more than 15-16 with great views out into the neighborhood and a truly intimate setting.  Some of Gran Reserva's menu mirrors what you'll find at Barrio's flagship including their famous Cochinita Pibil, their Chiles en Nogada, and of course their out of this world Mole.  But unique to this location is their tasting menu.  For about $40/person you get a six course meal with small helpings of whatever the chef feels like making that week.  For an additional $25, you can pair your dishes with drinks also chosen by the chef.  Its my birthday, so I went all out with the tasting menu and drink pairings.

The presentation, service, and taste of the dishes was similar to how I would describe my various experiences at Kevin Binkley's restaurants.  Absolutely phenomenal flavors, innovative techniques, incorporating ingredients native to Mexico (some of which I'd never even heard of until tonight), and a deep attention to great service and making sure I understood the full depth of each creation.  I especially loved the drink pairings.  The white wine that came with my first course and the beer that was paired with my fourth course were especially awesome.  And again, many of the ingredients and I believe all of the drinks I had were from Mexico.  Really opened my eyes to all of the treasures of Mexico's culinary scene that until now I thought Phoenix had largely figured out.  The Mexican wines and beers alone had me craving more.

So in summary, if you're coming to Gran Reserva, get the tasting menu.  Pretty much everything else they serve you can get at Barrio Cafe's flagship location on 16th Street and Thomas (which I highly recommend trying if you've never been).  But the tasting menu experience I had is specific to this location.  The staff is excellent and the building is a beautiful example of the potential the Grand Avenue corridor holds for the future.  Chef Silvana Esparza is already a legend in the valley culinary scene.  She hit a home run with Barrio Cafe and she's hit a grand slam with Gran Reserva.  Silvana felicitaciones por un trabajo bien hecho笑
Barrio Gran Reserva is the place of my foodie dreams.  The drinks were excellent and our server, Miranda, was informative and helpful with suggestions.  My friend and I went with the tasting menu, and each item was as delightful as the next.  I will certainly return!笑
Made a reservation here for Saturday, I'm glad I did, the restaurant is really small (10 tables maybe). I was politely greeted by the hostess who had our table ready. Sat down in a small little table, felt as I if I was a part of the other tables conversation. Also really uncomfortable for my fiancée to squeeze through to sit down. Anyways, I had their Michelada and my fiancée had the "Low Rider Margarita". Really good drinks, the Michelada is really spicy, so keep that in mind. 

We were offered bread and some sort vegetable spread which was a little bland for our taste. Next was a house salad which was pretty good, comes with blue cheese and pomegranate seeds. The salad tastes fresh and the flavors were well balanced. 

Our main entrees were presented very elegantly. I had their Enchiladas de Mole and my fiancée had the Chile en Nogada (stuffed poblano pepper). The enchiladas are a bit small, but rich in flavor due to the Mole sauce, not very impressed. My dish could have accompanied with a side of beans or rice m, but that's just me. My fiancée dish was not what she expected. The poblano was stuffed with mangos, walnuts and cranberries and little pieces of chicken... not exactly a traditional Mexican dish. Lastly we tried their Tres Leches cake. A bit dry, could have had more leche or cream. 

Overall experience was good. Good service and good ambience but not happy with the food choices we made. This place seems to have a twist on some of  the traditional Mexican dishes im used to. So... if you're looking for traditional Mexican food this is not the place.笑
Beyond awesome in every way. Treat yourself to a meal here. We lunched late on a Sunday and everyone else in the very small dining room was a regular. I imagine you absolutely need a reservation for popular times - so glad we were there at a quiet time. Love this place - can't wait to return!!!笑
Stunning.   This was the best tasting menu meal we've had in a long time.   The flavors were spot on, and built to a peak by the final course and dessert.   Don't be fooled by the portion sizes...you will be satisfied and very happy by the end.   I loved the attention to detail, balancing presentation with intense flavor.   This is the sort of cooking that breathes with the soul of the chef.   Do try the wine tasting pairing.   I was very impressed with the chef's selection of Mexican wines, from a pleasantly funky Chenin blanc to an unoaked Chardonnay to a gorgeous Nebbiolo...even a wonderfully floral and hoppy cerveza with the suckling pig course.   Service was terrific and pacing was perfect.   I'm in town for a month for work, and will definitely come back and bring friends.   I can't remember when I've last left a restaurant this happy.笑
This place is excellent ! Phillups is unbelievable waiter. Three of us had the tasting menu and it was great. Flavor and more flavor.笑
Items Selected:
Warm Bread with Pepper Spread
Barrio Guacamole - thick-cut with Pomegranate, Onions, Cilantro, Tomato, Pepper 
Posole Verde - Pork, Hominy, roasted Tomatillo and Poblano Soup topped with shredded Cabbage, sliced Radish, diced Onion and served with Tortillas de Nixtamal
Enchiladas Suizas - Imported Queso Menonita filled Nixtamalized Corn Tortillas topped with a delicate Tomatillo Cream Sauce then topped with an over easy Egg
Torta Poblana - Spice rubbed Chicken Breast topped with caramelized Onions, roasted Poblanos then finished with a Crema de Pinon and Queso de Cabra 
Flan de mi Mami - Traditional Flan topped with Cinnamon, Pecans and Crema de Kahlua
Tres Leches - Berries, Fresh Whipped Cream, Toasted Pecans

Adding one more to the family of restaurants owned by Silvana Salcido Esparza, her original Barrio Café perhaps Phoenix's most famous restaurant with an offshoot at Sky Harbor Airport and Scottsdale's Barrio Queen also held in high regard, it was at the recommendation of a local food-writer that a party of three sat down at Barrio Café Gran Reserva, a bright white space serving upscale, modern-Mexican cuisine.

Situated in the Bragg's Pie building, historic signage still present outside the wedge-shaped dining room on Grand Avenue, it was with warm greetings from a slender server with glasses that the group was greeted moments before 12:45pm reservations, a sizable four-top along a wall nearest the bar offering full view of a space surrounded by floor-to-ceiling windows decorated in bright colors and shadowed depictions of a bucolic Latin American lifestyle.

Without doubt a different scene from the eclectic 2002 original, and equally unlike the trendy Queen, Barrio Café Gran Reserva sees Chef Esparza focus on a more engaging concept including a tasting menu that was unfortunately unavailable on the year's final day, a brief brunch menu instead offered alongside some of dinner's a la carte options comprised of both entrees and shared plates.

Beginning with housemade Bread and chilled Pepper spread, those longing for crispy Tortillas well-advised to invest in tableside Guacamole that eschews oversalting in favor of diced Vegetables served alongside Pomegranate Seeds in a chunky green puree, a sharable bowl of Posole Verde rang true with the rich sapor of Offal alongside cubed Pork and tender Hominy in a broth of roasted Tomatillo and Poblano Peppers, though the menu-promised Corn Tortillas were nowhere to be found.

With no Mole or Cochinita available at this hour, the brunch theme more centered around Fish or Eggs, course two consisted of five Cheese Enchiladas bathed in a vibrant Cream Sauce alongside a sizable Torta Poblana, the thinly-pounded Chicken Breast picking up great flavor from Onions and Peppers plus Pine Nut Cream and mild Goat Cheese.

Veering tradition with desserts, the Tres Leches Cake neither too soggy nor artificially sweet beneath Berries, Nuts and dollops of Whipped Cream, Silvana's "Flan de mi Mami" comes across as a thick Custard with air-pockets almost as large as Tapioca pearls in some spaces, the addition of Cinnamon and Kahlua almost giving it a Tiramisu accent and besting previously tasted versions of the classic by several degrees.笑
Absolutely amazing Mexican fusion cuisine! New, beautiful, hand painted walls, white table cloth, cloth napkins- absolutely beautiful! The corner at Bragg's Pie Factory makes a a light airy intimate setting. Now the drinks; I had 2 cocktails, tequila based. The first was the Lowrider. Much like a margarita, top shelf tequila. The second was The Flaca, also top shelf tequila with agave nectar and Cointreau- also excellent! The food, they brought us sliced French bread and a garlic based spread which was delicious. We ordered Barrio Guacamole with chips. Very simple, very good! Nice chunks of avocado in fresh pico de gallo. We then split an entrée. I wanted Pico Poblano which is pan seared halibut in a poblano chili. We decided on Poblano Nogalo which had chicken, walnuts, raisins and more in a poblano chili with an outstanding sauce with pomegranates. This dish was unspeakably good, I've never eaten Mexican food like this before. The service was superb! Chef Silvana- well done!!!