This was a great first experience. Everything was super clean, well kept & everyone was very welcoming. The rice was mixed up for our 2 poke bowls-which is NO BIG DEAL b/c we all mess up, but point is how well the staff handled it. Instead of acting like it could have been our fault or seemingly annoyed with the mistake, they all apologized and were quick to fix it. Rob was very accommodating and also quick to fix the little easy-fix rice mixup.笑
This place is awesome! Super good food, friendly staff, and a nice space.   The build your own poke bowls are delicious and huge portions for the price.  

After moving here about 1.5 years ago it's been a little bit of a challenge to find good urban and ethnic food spots.  Tokyo Joe's is a nationwide chain but the ambience here and quality doesn't feel like it.   

Definitely a good spot for Asian food.笑
Disappointing!! I love the Tokyo Joes in Phoenix but this one was sad. The employees do not know the menu. I asked if I can get the spicy tuna without aioli and they had to ask each other and after three of them had a conversation and still couldn't figure it out I just ordered something else. My salmon bowl with veggies was cold and the salmon under cooked. I ordered extra sauce and instead got no sauce. There were also veggies I didn't order in my bowl and the veggie distribution was all wrong. Imagine like five whole carrots and one tiny sliver of onion. Also got no sesame seeds. I probably won't return. I'm going to stick with the Phoenix location.笑
I've eaten here twice and the 2nd was my last. My first try was okay, the food was enjoyable but I pre-ordered it for pick up so it wasn't so hot and fresh even though I picked it up at 1:09 pm and it was scheduled for 1:15 pm so I feel like it was rushed, The second time I ordered for pick up as well and it was also ready sooner than scheduled, this time I ordered a large because I was so hungry and they gave me 1 side of teriyaki sauce which wasnt enough to cover the whole bowl so I had to purchase an additional side! Not only this but mid way through I got a piece of chicken that was full of bone and cartilage. I.m sticking to a local for my teriyaki bowls going forward!笑
I really like this place! The food is really good and fresh.  Rob the cashier is really friendly and so is the rest of the staff! I highly recommend!笑
So let's see.....it's Saturday Night.....the wife and I just finished seeing Spider-man: Homecoming (I am a HUGE Spider-man Fan) and we decided we would stop at Tokyo Joe's afterwards. We had a little bit of trouble finding this establishment at first but when we finally did we absolutely loved the ambiance of the place. I was a huge fan of the big black chairs they have there....you must sit in them they are awesome. I could also see (when it cools off.....LOL) that the outdoor seating will be just simply outstanding. So without further ado......the FOOD.....well I have to tell you we really stopped here because I had a free appetizer and Entree' because I joined the "Addicts Club" you must do this before you go to Tokyo Joe's (I simply love rewards programs). Now don't get this confused you don't get an initial deal like this for joining.....the appetizer is yours for joining but I got the free Entree' because it was my HALF BIRTHDAY.....that's right they give you a free entree' for your HALF BIRTHDAY.....is that awesome or what.
 
Now to be honest I didn't think they would give them both to me at the same time but they did and the best part is you don't need to print anything out or show them something on your smartphone......just give them your phone number you used to sign up for the addict club and they will take care of the rest. I ordered the Miso Soup which was delicious and for my entree' I had the "Build your own Bowl" selection which consisted of White Rice, Tofu (which they grill for you......I know right......yummy), Teriyaki Sauce, Broccoli, Green Onions, and Mushrooms. They have several different combinations you can select and they have regular menu options as well. I HIGHLY recommend building your own bowl though because I think you get more for your money that way but either way the food....service.....and ambiance are simply OUTSTANDING. So if your hanging out near North Scottsdale RUN don't Walk to Tokyo Joe's and remember Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!笑
I am honestly not quite sure how to rate the food because I didn't get to try it. A few days ago I walked in Tokyo Joes excited to try something new near my office! There was no line and as I walked up, I smiled and said hi to the gal behind the counter. She was stone cold and didn't even smile back, say hello, etc. So I said "I've never been here before so I'll need a few minutes to look at menu". AGAIN, this gal just stares blankly at me...no smile, no "here try this or this is how our menu works, or I love this menu item". That was enough for me to turn around and walk out. Customer service is a HUGE part of what brings people in restaurants ESPECIALLY with 42 places around with hefty competition! The food could be top notch but with bad people behind the counter your business will suffer! I may try to stop in again and hope the person behind the counter likes their job!笑
Love this place!  Healthy, unlimited combos and can order to reheat  for next 2-3 days. Online ordering was easy, accurate and ready to pick up at promised time. I recently ordered 3 custom bowls and the pan fried potstickers. All were delicious! Ordered all sauces on side and used about 1/3 of each. Price is very reasonable.笑
The inexpensive noodle eatery in Scottsdale beats many of the places of this kind I have been to in the valley. I have to confess that this is my kind of place but it certainly may not be yours. Their set-up is simple; you go to the counter. You order your bowl, the type of carbs, your protein and your vegetables.  The ingredients are fresh, and the flavoring is very palatable, you can add extra chili to dishes if you want a kick, but do try your noodles first before you do this. Very Vegan-friendly, so perfect for anyone who does not eat meat. Very inexpensive, fast and excellent customer service too!笑
Just happen to stop in and really enjoyed my meal. Spring rolls were incredible! The Nikko salad was a perfect blend of fresh avocado peppers almonds Spring greens Mandarin oranges and chicken breast. I also had the miso soup I just couldn't stop eating their food. All very yummy, service was fast and the manager was really helpful with helping me with my choices. I am really happy we just happen to stop in and it will not be my last visit.笑
My office and family are obsessed with this place. I came for the ahi poke bowl...I had tried a few other places in town and was looking for a fresher tuna. Tokyo Joes was it! They offer a perfect selection of sauces (spicy aoli) and pairings (mango and avocado please), all super fresh. I'm from Hawaii and consider my palette to be discerning with regards to poke. I was very, very pleased. My kids eat healthy and enjoy it here with the bento boxes. Good prices, friendly services. I could not recommend Tokyo Joe's more highly!  Get your butt over there!!!笑
Overall I really want to like this place but I have a decent complaint.  First time I went here and ordered their signature bowl there was no problem, good flavor and healthy.  The second time I came here I ordered the Panang sauce bowl.  First bite I knew something was up.  I eat Thai probably at least two times a week.  The flavor was horrible, bitter, with way too much curry and no sweetness.  I asked the staff about it they told me this was normal, no way.  I asked them to make me another bowl and the "chef" threw attitude and tossed the bowl on the heating station when it was done in an aggressive way and looked right at me when he did it.  Come to find out by visiting my local Thai restaurant coconut milk prices are through the roof right now and my friend he said they watered it down to save money.  So, that kind of bad experience will keep from coming back.  Sorry Tokyo Joes if you skimp, throw shade, and don't accept accountability you lose customers.  Too many other great options around here.笑
I had such high hopes for this place! After seeing the "coming soon" sign, I eagerly checked out their website and was excited by the prospect of a build-your-own teriyaki bowl with so many great sauce and veggie options. However, after trying Tokyo Joe's for the first time a couple of weeks after opening, I don't plan on going back.

To give credit where it's due, the decor was nice, and the staff were very friendly. The cashier was patient with me and let me try a few of the sauces before I locked one down - I went with the yakisoba, which was kind of a sweet and spicy peanut sauce. So far so good!

Up until this point, things were going well and I was looking forward to a tasty lunch. $10 was a little steep, I thought, for a teriyaki bowl (I got a large, dark meat chicken bowl, add veggies), but I'm happy to pay a premium for the customization options, tasty food, and a good size portion. Unfortunately, after trying the food, I was upset that I spent any money on it.

Here were the issues:
-Soba noodles were over cooked and flavorless. Honestly, I would have been fine with the texture if they had flavor, but alas, no such luck. Quick fix: boil in salt water
-Chicken was completely flavorless. Like literally, flavorless. I was so shocked because chicken thighs are so easy to cook and they totally soak up the flavor of whatever they are marinated with. Quick fix: add salt and pepper to chicken prior to cooking! Better fix: marinate the chicken or soak in brine prior to cooking. This was a total missed opportunity.
-Same as the soba and chicken, veggies were as bland as can be. Also same as the soba and chicken, some salt would have gone a long way. Additionally, if the veggies were sauteed rather than steamed, I think they would have been much better.
-Even with the sauce (and I ended up asking for extra), this tasted like food at an old-folks home.

I'm hopeful that Tokyo Joe's will start adding some seasoning to their food, but in the meantime, I can't recommend this place to anyone. If you're just looking for a good teriyaki bowl (which up until this point, I didn't think you could screw up), do yourself a favor and just go down the street to Samurai Sams.笑
Had high hopes after seeing all they had to offer on the menu! I ordered the bento box, my teriyaki chicken was Luke warm and the sauce tasted weird, rice was okay, edemame was okay (but who can screw those up), California rolls were really unappetizing.笑
We love it here. Great poke bowls, and always great service from Rob.  We Drive out from far north Peoria at least weekly! Fingers crossed Tokyo Joes will open up around Happy Valley/Lake Pleasant one day.笑
What's not to like? Sushi: good. Salmon: good. Veggies: GOOOOD! I first had Tokyo Joe's in Colorado so was extremely excited that we started to see them pop up in the valley. It's not the best food that I have ever had but for the price point it's pretty good. I tend to swing in at lunch and enjoy the bento box options a lot. 

Make sure to get the curry sauce on the salmon and you'll be happy.笑
Lunch at Tokyo Joes today was some sushi and a poke bowl. First time here. Staff very nice and helpful. Lots of yummy options for poke fillins. Service fast and restaurant was clean! Will be back!笑
The traditional bowl had a toafood type taste and texture. Friends didn't like theirs either. The sushi was eh.笑
I ordered the bento box with half chicken and half steak. Chicken box is suppose to be 9.95 and steak a dollar more. They charged me an extra $3 just bc i wanted half and half. I then asked for teriyaki sauce on the food and peanut sauce on the side but only got the peanut sauce on the side with no teriyaki sauce on my food. The quality of the food wasn't anything special and to be honest more toward the lower end. Sushi that came with the bento box was not good at all. I'm only giving two stars because the guy in the front who took my order was extremely nice and apologetic. So 0 stars for the food and price but felt welcome and nice service. If you are thinking about lunch the lunch boat and other lunch options at Benihana are far better quality for the same price, if not a couple bucks more. I probably would not come here again to be honest.笑
Fast, casual, clean Asian food. 

Great for a quick lunch or casual dinner. 

Went tonight for the first time and was pleasantly surprised. The food tasted fresh, was clean (not heavy with sauces), and flavorful. The portions were great, especially for the price. I had the Yakitori bowl. Was a little surprised that their "ramen" was thicker noodles than I expected (was expecting top ramen noodles), but it was delicious nonetheless. My daughter got the kids bento box and it was great. Again, super clean yet flavorful. Nice mix of protein, vegetables, carbs, and even a cookie for dessert. And they had milk for kids included. Definitely patent approved. 

The service was great too! The cashier guy was super friendly and helpful. 

I will definitely be returning to try more things off the menu!笑
Pei Wei concept!
Same taste and similar menu!
I'm pretty sure that there's some sort of MSG in their sauces. I'm not sure I would be back anytime soon but it was better than that I thought it would be and I have to say all these new concepts with bowls, sushi and salads is a trend that's going to continue.笑
Great place, location and wonderful food. Their surf and turf with rice is fantastic.  I'm a regular and super convenient and great tasting food.笑
Ordered the Traditional Oyako Dark Chicken Bowl and the Build your own Bento Box.

The Traditional Oyako was pretty good, decent size and quantity amount of food. All dark chicken with 2 eggs and plenty of sauce which I like over White rice. All the different items really mixed together well.

The build your own Bento Box is a pretty good deal at $9, where you select different meats, rice, and other items to your liking because we always want something different. 

You come in and order at the counter and they give you a number and bring the food to your table.

The restaurant has a 'made to order" sushi area, a soda dispenser and a Tea Bar.

I was pretty pleased with our food and the restaurant for fast food which I think is a step above Waba and Samurai Sams.笑
My boyfriend came in and ordered for to-go today. And he was annoyed that it took such a long time, because we've ordered to go a couple of times and it's never been that long. We got two teriyaki chicken bowls and potstickers. There was no teriyaki sauce only soy sauce. So he drove all the way back to get it, which made him more upset of course. A couple of times we've eaten there the food comes out before the starters (which are cold). We enjoy the food a lot and that's the only thing that keeps us coming back. But the service is poor, meaning it's slow and unorganized. We are almost to the point to stop coming in.笑
The poke is a joke-y. There was so much sodium in this meal I literally had three bites. The food was not edible. The pieces of ahi and add-in avocado were microscopic. This was a horrible place to go after working out, especially when they market this place as healthy and it's everything but. My husband ordered a yakitori bowl. The noodles were so over cooked, they were falling apart and had no taste to them. We couldn't identify if the bowl had chicken because of how misshapen, tasteless and how questionable it looked. Our daughter's bento box wasn't any better. To top it off, it was overly pricey for food we couldn't even eat. This was our first and last time here. If you are looking for good, heathy, a reasonable price point Asian fusion place, head down the street to Foosia. Don't bother with this place.笑
Fast Casual Asian food, including plant based options,rice or noodle bowls, sushi and the like. We stopped by to take advantage of some freebies we had from their "Addicts Club" program. Monday  Night is BOGO free sushi. The food is quick and delicious, I got the cold fresh spring rolls and also did the "Build Your Own Bowl" with tofu in the regular size and I still had some to take home. We had a great first time experience and I am looking forward to our next visit.笑
Horrible experience. I showed up an hour before closing time, placed an order in an empty restaurant and they forgot my meal. I waited 30 minutes before I realized they billed me but never put my order in que. Pathetic way to start a new location. The couple in front of me got the wrong order and the guy behind me walked out as well.笑
OK, so I REALLY want to like this place. In fact, I'm rooting for them because I think they have potential. But I doubt things will improve much. If you look at all of the Tokyo Joe's restaurants in the valley they all, except one, rate 3.5 stars. I don't know if this is a franchise or owned by a corporate entity, but either way, this chain needs to get its act together. 

The Good:
The employees, at least at this location, are very nice. Always a smile and they recognize those of us who have been in more than once. They make you feel welcome. When they make a mistake, and they make many (More about that later), they try to make it right. The food is typical Asian fast food. It's decent for what it is. Some people complain   that the stuff in the poke bowls is cut up too fine, but I like it that way. I ordered the spring rolls. They were good. The restaurant itself, for the most part, is clean and the decor inviting. 

The Bad:
I realize they are relatively new, at least at this location, but they can't seem to get an order right to save themselves. Last time I was here, I was halfway through my poke bowl and I realized there were a couple of items missing. I had also ordered a miso soup that came out lukewarm. It also lacked any flavor. The server took the soup back and heated it through and came back with a coupon for a free appetizer on my next visit. Ok, fine... But this time, I ordered another poke bowl and again it came out wrong. I didn't order pineapple and I wanted tuna, not salmon. I didn't feel like making a big deal about it, so I just ate it. 

I have to say that hiding behind the explanation, "oh, sorry... We're new at this and we're still working on things" can only take you so far. At some point you have to start hiring competent people to run your restaurant. And if you don't, eventually people like me will get tired of the messed up orders and the constant apologies and take our business elsewhere. And I would hate to do that...笑
I had never been to a Tokyo Joe's before, but I kept seeing the "Coming Soon" sign for this brand new location and was looking forward to trying it. 

I walked in on a Saturday, a mere 4 days after their opening, and by noon, it was quite packed. The set up is very similar to Pei Wei; you order at the counter, they give you a number (if you're dining in), and you choose a seat. There are various seating options, from tables to the counter seating against the glass windows. Seating capacity is @ 135. They also have about 7 or 8 outside tables for those perfect weather AZ days.  They have some bottled drinks and fountain drinks. Their fountain machine consists of Pepsi products and there is a tea bar with 6 different iced tea flavors. 

As most vegans do, I did my research online before visiting so I was already aware of the vegan options, which are plentiful. (Check the allergen menu online or in the condiment corner of this location to confirm vegan items, etc.) All rice and noodles are vegan except the ramen noodles, which contains egg. All sauces and dressings are vegan except the Oyako sauce, which contains fish in its broth. 

I opted for the build your own bowl. I ordered 1/2 brown rice, 1/2 Udon noodles, tofu, and veggies. There's an option to pick your own veggies; for an additional $1.45, you can pick an "unlimited" amount. Because I am picky, I decided to do just that. I chose broccoli, carrots, spinach, edamame, jalapeño, and green onions. (In case you're wondering, the free veggie option comes with the "Top 5" veggies, which are broccoli, carrots, snap peas, zucchini, and edamame.)  For my sauce, I picked the Spicy-Aki, which is a spicy Teriyaki sauce. 

The bowl was very good and the veggies were extremely fresh. That Spicy-Aki sauce was delicious! Not spicy at all (to me), but the flavor was excellent, nonetheless. There are 2 bowl sizes, regular and large. I got a regular bowl for $8 (including the extra fee for my veggies) and it was very filling. The rice and noodles were plentiful, as was the tofu.  As for the broccoli, spinach, and jalapeños, there was 1 piece of broccoli, 2 or 3 spinach leaves, and 2 pieces of jalapeño, so that "unlimited" spill is to the contrary, quite limited. 

Aside from them being stingy with my veggies, I enjoyed my meal and plan to return to try all of the yummy vegan sauces.笑
So excited to have this open near work! I love the bowl with chicken (double meat) with white rice, stevi-yaki (bonus for having this option) & crispy onions with egg! They have a variety of options for vegetables and the bowls are pure and good! I don't worry about sodium or sugar levels, just good ole carbs and protein. 

The staff is very courteous and the manager does a great job! 

It's simple with a great price point, will be back & back again!笑
After hearing quite a few people talk about this place I finally got to try it. Yum! What an extensive menu. They have everything from sushi to poke bowls and salads. This time around I opted for a build your own bowl w udon noodles. Loved the variety of veggies they offered and the noodles were boiled just right. The husby was happy they had fresh jalapenos and was content w the chicken dish he ordered. 
The staff was beyond friendly, but I did question why they didn't have napkins easily available...You have to ask for them. Also, it wasn't very busy and yet we had to clear the table next to us so we weren't sitting next to dirty dishes on the four top we wanted to sit at. 
None-the-less, I'm definitely going to be coming back! Most likely on a Monday when they have buy 2 for 1 sushi, poke bowls or salad deals. Sweet!笑
I was excited to try this place being right across the street from where I work I thought it would be so convenient. I order the dark meat chicken teriyaki bowl with ramen noodles instead of rice. The noodles were not what I expected. It was watery and bland. I can say the ordering experience was super easy and convenient, you can order online and pay and just go and pick it up without waiting in line. Maybe there are other dishes that don't taste so bad.笑
Great food at a great value! The bowls are awesome and making your own is even that much better! Highly recommend going by for lunch!!笑
For a fast food type restaurant the sushi is very good. The spicy tuna roll and the yo roll are my favorites. The teryaki bowls are average and could use some seasoning.笑
Food was very disappointing. We paid online and you just walk in and take it no one helps you missed a bag had to go back just stupid someone should be checking was is being picked up笑
Bada-Boom! Visiting my parents in Scottsdale was the perfect chance to try Tokyo Joe's since I have been dying to try it for a very long time.

My mother and I went in between lunch and dinner time, it was practically empty so we got to relax and take our time. The handsome guy at the register gave us the low down on everything since it was our first visit, and made sure we were happy with what we were ordering. They have lots of options, hand rolled sushi, salads, bowls, noodles, rice, and appetizers like egg rolls, and edamame. 

I knew I wanted a poke bowl, so I opted for small salmon poke with brown rice, edamame, white onions, green onions, jalapenos, sesame seeds, and cucumber, with the traditional hawaiian sauce.

My mom got the small build your own bowl, and made hers with white chicken, white rice, huge fresh slices of pineapple, and green onions. She didn't know what sauce she wanted so he brought us the hot fire-which was super good, and the hot teriyaki which was also very good.

I also ordered a drink because they have several brews of un-sweetened, stevia sweetened, and sugared teas.. The stevia sweet tea was very good.

The total came to about $22.00. He told us about the #TOKYOJOESADDICT club and reminded us to sign up for a free bowl. We were given a number and found a seat inside.

The food came really fast, and everything was so great, we sat and chatted and enjoyed everything. Neither of us could finish our bowls, so we got to go containers for the other half of our small bowls-which was practically like another whole serving.

I am officially a Tokyo Joe's addict.

one more thing, I remember seeing something about a macro menu and meal plans which I believe they have on a separate menu... something I want to see reviewed if anyone has tried this.笑
I will begin by give my the staff credit for being very friendly and inviting.  The food is just not that good. I ordered the salmon bento and the fish looked and tasted like it had been pressed into a foreman grill while still frozen. The kids were not impressed with their meals either.  The location is very clean and appealing but please visit a Yogi's grill and taste their menu to get an idea of what tastes good.  I really wanted to love this place because of the location.笑
Great place great service ! Rob is super friendly and all the staff is great ! The fish is fresh :) we come atleast once a week