I was looking for a local seafood restaurant on a business trip and this was suggested. It's clean, the staff is very polite, service was quick and the food servings are generous.
Their crab cake appetizers come with three of them and they are large. They could almost be an entree on their own! The sauce they serve with it complements it nicely.
I ordered without asking how large the Captains Sampler Platter was - it was huge. Flouder, green shrimp, stuffed oyster, hush puppies, and choice of potato. I could barely finish half! The food was all satisfactory. It wasn't bad at all, but nothing really stood out either aside from the portion sizes.
The atmosphere is maybe a bit disappointing. It's a large seating area with very open space, but you do have to navigate your way around a bit otherwise you'll hit a dead-end. They clearly appeal to seniors - a large section of their menu is priced specifically for them. It makes for a quiet dining experience, but more dull than calm (which may not be a bad thing, depending on what you're in the mood for).  
All that said, I think 3 stars is appropriate. Everything was good, but the only thing that really stood out was the serving sizes. I may go back again, but I'm more inclined to explore other places.Ǿ
My family has been going to this place for years and it is a perfect example of a southern Carolina fish camp.  If you're looking for arugula salad, fresh capers, and vegan weirdness, then motor on down to Atlanta, or catch an early flight back to San Francisco.  If you're looking for fresh, hot, delicious seafood and friendly people, then this is your place.Ǿ
2 stars?  3 stars?
Okay 3.
I didn't get sick and the food was hot and they were nice - that qualifies, right?
Think 1974 and you're just about right; the salad bar is iceberg lettuce and you're warned to not go more than once.
Avocado and harvest gold is everywhere.
'Captain' is begging to be spelled "Cap'n".
Okay, no more snarky comments; it is what it is.  Lots of older folks and you're in the middle of small town America.  The food is pretty insipid, but none of us got sick.
The hushpuppies WERE pretty darn good.Ǿ
Took my Mom here today for a post Mother's day lunch. It's been about a year since our last visit. Salad bar is a one trip deal only and the salad plates are smaller than I remember last time. Hushpuppies are 2 bite sized and are very good with the right amount of sweetness and onion. My Mom got the senior flounder plate and I got one of the specials which was salt and pepper catfish fillets. Both included a side and the one trip to the salad bar.
Food was good, but both our flounder and catfish were on the thin side and not very meaty. Service was very friendly and attentive.
Lunch set me back $23 with drinks tax and tip which I thought was really pricey for lunch especially with the thin pieces of fish and considering my Mom ordered off of the senior menu and I got one of the specials.Ǿ
Not impressed. First visit and waitress left a lot to be desired. Was irritated at the very start of taking our order. Small portions for the pricey menu. Probably won't ever come back.Ǿ
Good seafood and decent prices. If you want fancy food, this isn't the place for you. If you want alcohol with your meal go elsewhere as well. However, if you want good fish/shrimp at a good price served quickly and efficiently - this is your place. You can get fried, broiled or boiled (shrimp).Ǿ
This is a very family-friendly, casual seafood restaurant with nice portions and great prices.  They serve both fried and broiled seafood, as well as steak and chicken. I had the broiled salmon with the baked sweet potato and salad bar.  I also tried a vinegar-based cole slaw (think similar to cold sauerkraut) from the salad bar and it was great. The service was friendly, quick, and efficient.Ǿ
Captain's Cap is a traditional southern Fish Camp.   There is a broiled section on the menu, but few folks order broiled that frequent this restaurant.   The seafood is fried and it is delicious.  The salad bar is good and there is a decent selection.  Most of the clientele are 65+ and most of the decor hasn't changed since Carter was in office.Ǿ
I was here for the first time after a long time family favorite seafood place was on vacation.  I entered some other fish places in the area into the GPS and this one didn't even come up but I found this one driving to another one.  it looked clean and well maintained from the outside.  It was just the same inside.  
They had a salad bar and chicken and steaks in addition to fish.  I had chicken.  others had steak and fish.  The catfish were a great size, the onion rings were huge, oh, they had spaghetti, too.  I highly reccomend the chicken though.  Yummy for days!  Great customer sevice (Annie, I think, dark haired waitress, small little thing) and really reasonable prices.  Will definitely do again!Ǿ
Went to Captains Cap quite by accident, Monday night and the place we were heading to was closed... Drove out from Charlotte, hmmm this one is OPEN, so it gets a star for just being there!  We were after "fish camp" food, especially fried catfish.  captain cap does it the way my husband likes it.. Several small fried catfish, actually six on the senior plate... That's a lot of food!
Salad is saved by the fantastic sour slaw.. Waitress said go ahead and get seconds, and I did!
Broiled shrimp is pretty good, not fantastic, but lots of it... The sweet potato was somehow the sweetest baked sweet potato I've ever had...
Overall, good traditional fish camp food, and friendly service, and open on Monday night!Ǿ
The oysters and scallops where good but not $17 good.  This place is way over priced. If you come here be sure to check the prices before you order and ask if it's extra if you add scallops to to your meal.   Fired oysters and scallops over $17 here.  This will be the last time I come here.Ǿ
I have been going to this restaraunt for years. The service is great but the food is subpar at best. The salad bar has fake cheese and imitation bacon bits. The fish is ok, sometimes a little overcooked. My husband is a fan of the green shrimp. The hushpuppies however are delicious!Ǿ
This location is closer to home than the original on Linwood Road and I really like the food here.  The staff is very friendly and I love the fact you get a salad with your meal.  I love the oysters, Canadian skinless flounder and the marinated beef strips - those are some of my favorites.  Their tartar sauce is excellent and yes you get to squirt it out of the container versus paying for individual cups like some places.  If you love seafood like I do give it a try.  Remember .....  good seafood isn't cheap and cheap seafood isn't good!Ǿ
Green shrimp tasted prefrozen alittle on the soggy side
Fake bacon bits on the salad bar
My child's spaghetti was good though
Not impressed for the price