All right "simple" review.  AND also just to update the place is called Casa Mexico now.  ANNND to add I know going to a Mexican-formerly-Salvadoran-but-predominantly-Mexican-now-restaurant and ordering Salvadoran entrees may seem like a no-no but I was made aware they still served Salvadoran fare so in this city I took a gamble.  And gamble I did.

  Let's start with the cons.  1st mistake was going to a Mexican restaurant and ordering Salvadoran food.  El curtido (pickled cabbage salad) was salty and therefore I was glad the artisanal container it came in was small.  The pupusas like said container were small as well and the fact that there was a charge for two horchatas on my bill (seemingly no refills) makes for a only-a-water-hole-can-quench-my-thirst type guy like me not too happy when he learns he has to pace himself with one drink next time.  Also the taste of the horchata was subpar.

  All right lets talk about the positives.  The flavor of the pupusas was fairly extraordinary and I appreciated that they weren't greasy.  Also for an appetizer I had a tostada de camarron and I'm not a fan of onions, but I have to tell you I paid no mind.  Crunchy, crispy and delicious shrimp app was loaded and very tasty.  One of those if my date would ask me for some I wouldn't share it was so good, yeah.  But what made this a positive experience was the ever lovely and very helpful Patricia, she was on point with service.  That and the fact the food was actually tasty is the reason this place is deserving of the 4 stars.Ǿ
Las Pupusas, casamiento, La Ensalada, la tortillas a manos estan sabrosisimas!!
Muy recomendado para desayunar, y Veronica es muy Linda, amigable y atenta.Ǿ
12/17/11 DUNCH. 

Nice restaurant & staff. Very good food. Very reasonably priced. 

This is not Mexican food, it's Salvadoran, which becomes obvious as you read the menu. especially if you've had many varieties of latin food in your life. 

Loved the tamals (which were different from Mexican ones I've tried, these were fluffy as a cloud) and chili relleno, as well as their trademark pupusas (especially the one filled with cheese & loroco, a veg that tastes sorta like asparagus).

During dessert (a plantain stuffed empanada and their version of "french toast"!), looked thru the menu again. Quite a few dishes I had never heard of, which I need to eventually try. Gallina de India, for instance. Not "pollo" chicken, but a different "style" of chicken, with a curry-style sauce!

I will be back!Ǿ
Tried to go to get pupusas on a Saturday night. I called at 825 to make sure they were open and the number is out of service so I drove over there and got there at 8:30 and the door was locked so they were closed. This is also the a ring name. It's la Bahia.Ǿ
Just had a yummy lunch at this Salvadorian restaurant.  It is a mom and pops place that is weirdly decorated by various posters of soccer stars.  There are also framed posters of soccer support groups.  I guess they really love soccer or should I say football?  



I knew the place was authentic because I walk in and they asked me if I knew this was Salvadorian food.  They thought I wandered in to the wrong place.  I guess I was the rare non-Salvadorian person that entered the establishment.  



The pupusas there was absolutely divine.  Fluffy on the outside and rich and meaty on the inside.  The chicken tamale that I got was light, airy and tasted brothy, if you know what I mean.  You have got to try it.  



Lunch specials cost $4.99.  Everything is very very inexpensive.Ǿ
I like this place for many reasons. 

First and foremost, I never have any problems ordering. If the girl at the counter doesn't speak English, they will always bring someone else up to the counter while I place my order. 

More often than not, we come here simply for Pupusas. Except to wait at least 30 minutes when ordering pupusas. The pupusas here are always fresh and hot and ooze with lots of melted cheese. More often than thought, I always get s few pupusas that ooze out with cheese, so when they are cooking it it gets all crispy and charred. This can easily be the best part sometimes.

I wanted to give this place a 4 star but the last two times we have ordered pupusas from here, the curtido (cabbage slaw) has been salty. Extremely salty, to where you can't eat more than a couple of bites. I don't know if we caught it right at the beginning of the pickling process but it just wasn't edible.

I have ordered items on the menu and the food across the board is solid and good. Pass on their seafood soup though. It just didn't have the freshest taste to it. 

If i am craving pupusas and I am in the area I would definitely stop.Ǿ
It looks shady on the outside, as well as the shopping center it's in, on the corner of Desert Inn and McLeod. But it was pretty good. I got my favorite: chile verde, and the meat was flavorful and tender. It had some slightly different spices that usually doesn't come with chile verde, but I liked the touch. The service was extra nice, especially the new waitress who said she had only been here for 2 months, and they gave me a free bottle of water while I was waiting. Since I enjoyed the food so much, I wish they had given more of it. Usually these Mexican places are pretty generous with their portions. Also, the refried beans were a bit cold, especially in the middle. However, I enjoyed the food and service enough to overlook these things. Also, their name is Casa Mexico.