So, just so everyone knows, this place recently underwent significant changes.  No more $6.50 all day menu.  Most of the reviews here are referring to the old setup and menu of this restaurant.

The former owners of King & I on Maryland are helping out the owner of this place, and the new menu is identical to King & I (including dishes, prices, and even font!).  So, you're looking to pay around $10 for an entree at dinner time.  They do have a lunch menu with entree, fried rice, and spring roll for $6.50-7.50, depending on meat. Like King & I, the food is delicious.  Good portions, lots of flavor.

The inside of this place is teeny tiny, with just a few tables, but it's a great option for takeout or delivery (delivery fee is $2).

Overall, if you like King & I, you'll like this place.  It's good food for a pretty decent price, and it's the best option in this area.Ǿ
No sweet n sour on the chicken. Also no veg in the fried rice. Curry was water and no flavor and few carrot and lots potato lil chicken. Plus the salad taste like needs a wash. Spring rolls were the highlight and that isn't saying a thing at all. Overall just a bad experience and when we tried to pay. No cards only cash and no ATM almost just left and wish we had. Never againǾ
I love this place, small and quaint and let's not forget to mention how amazing the food is...low prices for incredible food....must must must check it out.Ǿ
Very fast service, not much atmosphere but that's ok it's mostly a take out place. Ordered the pad kee Mao ! Delicious. It is a little different than what I am used to but the flavor is definitely there!Ǿ
Really good affordable food. Had the spicy saute with chicken. The service is very good and quick. The restaurant is a little hidden, but worth it.

UPDATE - 12/11/2013

The restaurant is now under new management. You now pay more for less food. The quality is still there, but it's kind of disappointing that you pay almost double now for less - you don't even get the little side salad anymore with an entree.Ǿ
Awesome eatery, feels just like home. Authentic Thai cooking with humble customer service. It's a hidden joint; but none the less serves quality food (No MSG). Has vintage appeal and makes a perfect quick lunch spot or last minute dinner meal. An absolute must try for locals and passerbyers!Ǿ
I was looking for dinner delivery food one night, and I found this places menu on eat24. I had seen this place driving home from work, so I checked their rating on yelp, saw what I thought were some bold claims, but decided I would give it a shot.

I was blown away. Delicious food. legitimate spicy food with tons of flavor. If you're in the area, hit it up.Ǿ
$6.50 all day menu! Great thai food. The red curry was the best i have had on this side of town. On par with Archie's!Ǿ
Oh so good. I had the Chx Satay w/ peanut sauce and every bite was delicious! My dad shared his Chx Chow Mein and we were very satisfied when we left. The waiter was very nice and polite. The bathroom was spotless. Going back there very soon.