I just want to Daniel and Alex both deserve a raise! It was mine and my fiancé's first time coming in and Daniel was a rockstar! The pizza was fantastic. The service was even better I give this place a  five star rating!笑
We had food delivered for the Niners game. Wings, potato skins, chili fries and a burger. The mushroom  swiss burger was meaty and cooked perfectly. Wings were good and the medium wing sauce was really great. Chili on the fries was excellent.  Only disappointed  by the skins. No chives or sour cream, just a half piece of bacon, but overall, really good food. The delivery  guy was on time to boot! We will definitely  order again, they had us at the burger!笑
Great little spot 7.99 16 plus the wings and fries. The staff was fast and friendly. Food was good and great portion sizes. We enjoyed our visit.笑
Terrible. Paid 15$ for one piece of lasagna  which apparently comes with garlic bread and a salad. They messed up my salad first of all by not putting cheese on it which I paid extra for, and placed quite literally, once piece of lasagna surrounded by a sea of sauce and cheese into a circular aluminum pan. What is this???? They also messed up my friends salads with their orders too. Total order cost over 50$ and they didn't get it right. Awful 1st experience.笑
I hope to here back from management after reading my review, if not I'm not going and sending in customers. We love eating at mom and pop restaurants. When I went pick up my lunch that was ordered for 12 people, there was one person working at the counter and three of us waiting. This poor guy at the counter had 3 phone lines going customers at the counter and zero help. Whoever owns or manages this facility needs to get more help. The restaurant was completely empty other then us waiting for him to help other customers. You will obviously get more business if you had more help,  just my opinion. Thank you,笑
Overly oily and greasy, even if pizza is supposed to be greasy. The quality is just mediocre, definitely not the best I've eaten, but better than little Caesars (but more expensive too so I would hope so). Delivery time is average, but sometimes when the food is delivered, it is already cold.笑
Great Food!!  Recommend Seafood Linguini, Ziti, Chicken Parm.  This was my 3rd visit within a month, not 1 disappointment.  Thumbs up!!笑
Just finished enjoying our awesome meatball pizza.   We love Brothers. We used to live in the southwest part of town and we were so happy to find they had a location near our new house. They are always friendly on the phone and our delivery was on time and a super nice driver!笑
Love this place. They are on Grub Hub. Haven't had a bad meal yet. Highly recommended the Stromboli, the individual with feed two np.笑
so disappointed, ordered on line 30 minutes later I called to ask why no confirmation and my order was lost, They charged my credit card but claimed I never ordered, even after I sent a screen shot of the charge on my card they told me they would figure it out and in two or three days the charge would probably drop off.  The company taking orders online with yelp is eat24, never again from me.  Did I get my order.... no, no food so I call brothers bistro directly, it is now 2 hours after I first ordered food, Brothers says oh sorry the store 20 minutes from me just closed and the next store 30 minutes away says its too far to deliver.  Thank you for being a customer right?  Well brothers I'm not a customer anymore and anybody using eat24 just so you know I wont be your customer either.笑
The "R.J. Review for Best in Las Vegas" stickers aren't theirs, it belonged to the restaurant that was there before them and I assume they leave it up to scam people into thinking their quality is good.

I came in here and sat down, no one greeted me or came up to me, I was the only person in the place and there were clearly atleast two workers who noticed me and ignored me. Waited about 2 minutes before walking out and going across the street to get sushi. I guess this place doesn't like making money.笑
The best wings I've had in years! If you want some truly amazing wings and live in the northwest part of town definitely try this place. You can taste the love they put into their wings...笑
My Husband, Daughter, and I went to this place to eat a couple nights ago. You could tell the people who work there are nice, but the service was just okay. Nothing good or bad about it. The food however was pretty delicious. We got a side of fries, a salad, and a pizza. The pizza was so good, and the ranch dressing they have there is some of the best ranch we've had in a long time. My daughter loves to put ranch dressing on. EVERYTHING! So we have become familiar with restaurants that make their dressings fresh. It's a big deal to us. We will definitely go here from now on for pizza however we will probably only do take out since it's cheaper and the service wasn't anything special. They have a $7 or $8 pizza special for takeout. So that's what we will do in the future.笑
sorry to say the people complaining are all correct. gave me the wrong order. forgot the pepperoni. they "remembered" the onion on a pizza. they remembered the onion and forgot the pepperoni. i think i could forgive forgive forgetting the onion.

anyway, just onion on their pizza tasted awful. pizza is going in garbage. when i called they offered ten percent off my next order. there obviously won't be a next order.

update: 
my money was refunded, it turns out. i appreciate that very much and will try them out again. i will check my order before i leave, of course.

update 2: they DID NOT make a refund. Don't take my word for it. Read the other lousy reviews and believe them.笑
This is my second time here. The first time I had an amazing hamburger great crisp fries and the ranch dressing isnt that cheap watery kind. Came in today we got lunch specials I got spaghetti and meatballs and my husband got a gyro... 6.95 was the prices for our lunch specials can't beat that!!! Had a really great dinner salad with it.. It was a small but big enough for us to share. The spaghetti was standard not great not bad. He loved his gyro. They have a great menu and the servers are always nice. I can't wait to try more of the menu笑
I wish I would have been able to try this place out....but the Christmas dinner that we had planned with them never happened. Our family had set up dinner at 4pm on Christmas day for 25 people and the owners never showed up. A few family members had even gone a few days before and planned the menu and tested out the food with the owners, but they didn't even have the decency of giving us a phone call to cancel.  What a joke of a business!!!!!!!!!!!!笑
Chicken Marsala with ground chicken are you frigging kidding me?? You'll never get my money again!!! What a joke!笑
Only if you're looking for FROSEN Tiramisu and Cheesecake!!!! Seriously!!! I couldn't believe they have the balls to serve the cakes that way and ignore us when we called to tell them about it!!!笑
My previous 5-Star rating still stands. This is one of the best pizza places we've found since moving to Las Vegas almost 20 years ago. Pizza is true New York/Philly style. Good cheese, great sauce. We like the $7.99 large pickup special... you can't beat that price for a good pizza. Never any problems with ordering or staff. I can't imagine why some people posted complaints about them. Maybe they're trying to knock the competition? Anyway, a truly excellent pizza, and the price is right.

My previous review dated 11/1/14:
Pizza is amazing! Everything about the 16" cheese pizza I got was spot-on. As close to traditional "East Coast" pizza as I've ever gotten in Las Vegas. Their $7.99 pick-up special for a 16" pizza with one topping (I got extra cheese) is the best deal in town. It was delicious! And no problems picking it up, either. I honestly don't understand the negative comments. My transaction could not have been easier.笑
We ordered a large pizza, half with pepperoni and mushrooms; and half with pepperoni, Pepperoncini, jalapeño, and garlic. We also ordered the jalapeño poppers, and the garlic mozzarella bread. 

The pizza is simply one of the best I ever had, was very delicious, I only ate the spicy side, but the wife and kids said the other side was very good as well. The bread was good as well, though I would had liked a bit more garlic. The poppers were decent but not great, they were a cream cheese popper and I like cheddar better, so it just may be me. 

We ordered using the eat24 app and they said 45-60 minutes. I honestly didn't watch the clock but somehow I doubt it took longer than 30 minutes. 

I was hesitant to eat here because their other location has bad reviews, but I had noticed that many were due to people being mad about flyers on their door. All in all I am really glad I decided to give them a try and I will be ordering from here again!笑
Yummy pizza! I just ordered two pizzas for the first time from this place. I am very impressed. Not only was the service great, and my pizza delicious, but the prices are very affordable.

I ordered the pickup special, which is a one-topping 16 inch pizza for only $7.99. What a great deal! I also ordered a combo pizza. Very delicious. I will most definitely be going back!笑
Ordered a meatball calzone and a ricotta only calzone, both were thrown in the garbage they were so bad.  The dough was undercooked and tasted like flour, the cheese was just bad and the sauce was flavorless.  Will not be ordering again. I called them up to let them know and I was informed that "everyone else loves them".  I could not think of any redeeming qualities sadly.笑
The wings were hard and all the grease from them poured all over my other food. On top of that my husband has food poisoning.  Awesome job guys.  Won't ever be returning.笑
You can't beat the carry out special.  You get a 16" with one topping for $6.95.  I thought that was a pretty good deal.  The pizza tasted amazing.  The cheese, sauce, dough ratio was perfect.  I haven't had a good pie in a while.  This hit the spot.  
My only complaint was that on two of the times that I ordered pizza, I had to wait 30 minutes.  It was dinner time busy, so I understand.  Other times it has been 20 minutes.  Great pizza, great taste, great price for that special.笑
Highly disappointed.
Prior to ordering online I called to ask about their eclair, the lady confirmed me that it was a chocolate filled eclair.
Which when I got it wasn't.
My fries were cold, tasted old.
And when I called back to tell them about my disappointment about my dessert, the guy sounded really "bothered" by my comment and said he couldn't do nothing about it because the owner wasn't there and when I asked him to get my number down he "did it" (who knows) and then hung up on me, no goodnight no nothing.
So now I ate cold old fries, and spent money on an eclair I won't eat.
That was a fail!!!!笑
Gave this place a chance once again and once again horrible. Hour and twenty minute wait to get our food. Driver shows up and says I had 9 deliveries before yours. Uh maybe hire more drivers?!?! All our food was cold. Fries and chicken wings soggy, Ranch dressing warm, and they forgot our antipasto salad. When I called back to tell them about our salad they said we can either credit you for next time or it will take another hour to get to you. I told them that because they forgot our salad that it should be a rush. It has now been another 50 minutes and it still has not arrived. $75 for pure junk! There will not be a next time!
Update: 9:15 at night and finally received our salad. An hour and 15 minutes after my initial call.笑
Great calzone. Good chicken, though the teriyaki sauce is a bit salty. Kids and husband loved the fries. Yummy pizza. Yay for a new neighborhood place!笑
I am a total fan of the Verde pizza with chicken. I have ordered it about 4 times and it has yet to disappoint. The garlic bread with their house ranch is really good too.笑
This place is an inigma. On one hand they have really good pizza,  and their delivery service is good.  The drivers are always nice.  But this place is literally 2.6 miles (or 8 minutes) from my house and everything time I order it arrives cold.  Not ice cold, just not hot.  

The pizza hut,  which is disgusting,  is almost 5 miles away,  delivers in 30 minutes and is piping hot. Listen, I don't mind waiting an hour for a pizza that tastes great,  but seriously,  at almost $30 for a large pie, and a dollar surcharge for using a credit card you can at least deliver it hot.笑
We ordered the chicken picatta and the chicken parm, both were dry and under seasoned. chix picatta was just horrible, taste like a bad chix fettuccini alfredo with 10 capers and the parmesan was so dry we had to add sauce and re bake.
Not worth the $30笑
Food was good and delivery prompt. Wish there was a bit more marinara with garlic knots otherwise the taste was good笑
I went back to see about the dine-in service questions I had from my first visit and to try something that had more range for rating than wings.

This time I walked in, saw the same sign to seat yourself, so I did. Almost immediately a the server came over and asked what I would like to drink. When she returned with the drink she took my food order. I ordered lasagna.

The lasagna is served in a soup bowl, a square of lasagna in the middle and covered with marinara sauce, with mozzarella cheese. The sauce was alright, a little on the sweet side, but tasty. The lasagna was nothing fancy, no ricotta cheese, just lasagna noodles, sauce and a little mozzarella on top. It was served with two pieces of garlic bread.

As I said in my previous review, the lasagna, bread and soda was one of the lunch specials, so it was $6.99.

Was it good lasagna, no not really. Was it worth the $6.99 price, definitely. You get a bowl of marinara sauce with pasta in it, some cheese on it, two pieces of bread and a soda. It was a filling lunch for $6.99.

I will probably go there often when in the area, I liked the lasagna, and the wings from my last visit. Maybe I'll work my way through their lunch special menu, there are 15 items to choose from.笑
DO NOT GO TO THIS PLACE!  Just sat over an hour waiting for take out.  Our order was taken on accident by the delivery guy even though we were picking up our order.  Manager never came out to talk with us or acknowledge the mistake.  They just kept us waiting with the promise that when the manager arrived he would talk with us.  I felt badly for the workers...I was offered a free dessert or an extra 2 liter of soda.  Thanks, but no thanks.  If you want adequate customer service, stay away from this place.笑
I called and tried to place a pick up order. They ask for your phone number, and told me that my, my sisters, and my dads all came up as "DO NOT SERVE" and I've never even ordered there before! My address doesn't even match the one that was listed under my profile in their system and it's not an address that I, or anyone else in my family, has ever even lived at before. My father has ordered from them plenty of times and never had a problem. I asked to speak to a manager and the guy who answered the phone was rude and said she was out of town. Extremely disappointed with their service!!!!笑
The WORST - READ ON!!!  Wanted to like this place, so convenient, but NO!  I ordered the large carry-out special for $7.99 and a canoli, I was told $11.87 for pickup.  Cool.  I ordered in front of a co-worker that was going to split the bill and food with me (not the canoli) when she went to pick it up, she was given a small, lunch-sized pizza - DEFINITELY NOT the one in the window advertised for the carry-out special.  She paid before they brought the pizza out, she protested and stated that we could not share that tiny pizza and there must be some mistake.  The guy there told her "no mistake - that is what he ordered".  She told him that it definitely was NOT what I ordered as she was present when I ordered and that she would wait for him to make the correct pizza.  He told her "No" if she wanted a different pizza she would have to buy ANOTHER pizza!!  She said she would pay the difference, if there was one (BTW....I was quoted $11.87 and she paid almost $16) and he still refused and said she would have to pay for a whole new pizza - he would not take that back.  He said the mis-communication was my fault (even though both of us heard me say "LARGE CARRY-OUT SPECIAL ONE-TOPPING, PEPPERONI FOR $7.99" and he was not to blame!  What BS!!  What happened to the customer is always right?  Plus two of us heard my order and he still claims that we were wrong.  He refused to take his pizza back or give us credit for it toward the correct pizza!  I told him his restaurant is on my way home and very convenient for me and he was giving away a lot of business.  He offered 10% off my next order!!!  What preposterous gall!!!  I told him "Absolutely not!"  He said that was the best he could do.  I told him it wasn't good enough - he got my order wrong and that I would NEVER return if he didn't make this right.  I told him that we were both having a mis-communication, because I said "Large One-topping Carry-out Special" and he heard "lunch pizza" and now he was saying "that is the best he can do" but what I was hearing was that I could "go "F" myself" and then he actually said it!  He told me to "go F@%# myself!!!

It is my opinion that the carry-out special is a loss-leader and they do not make much money on it, so this probably happens a lot.  Mis-communication and people get a MUCH smaller pizza.  I think this place is a SCAM!!!  Definitely not worthy of the "Best in Las Vegas" stickers!!

If you like decent service and want to be treated like a paying customer, AVOID THIS PLACE!!!  And please, if you do go after reading this review and you get ripped off too, please write your experience down to warn others!  This place is ripping people off!笑
Sometimes I don't get Yelp'ers and the reviews they give. The amount of people giving 1 star because the owners never took razor blades to take the BOLV stickers down is amazing.
 Look, this is a mini-mall pizza place. It's not a 5 star restaurant that offers a violin player and valet parking. If you want good pizza and good food at a good price you will be fine here. You can get a tasty large pizza with 12 wings and a 2 liter of soda for $20, it feeds 3 easily. The ordering is a bit bizzare, you sit look at a paper menu and then get up and order at the counter...big deal...it is what it is and it isn't that big of deal but I do think having a regular server that takes the order at the table would be a better system. The owner is very friendly always comes over to chat with us.笑
This place customer service is next to none. Simply put they suck. I came in and order one large carry out pepperoni and 20 wings. It took them almost 2 hours to get ready. I sat there and watch them fight and argue among the 3 of them cashiers. 2 hours really. Will never go back to this place skip them all together o and there were only 2 customers in the whole place.笑
Ive eaten here about 20 times the food is good its quiet the staff are friendly just make sure you ring the bell if no one is at the desk i use too go too linos while linos is good brothers is higher quality笑
My dine in experience was good. food was cooked right, service was average of a pizza joint. overall a 4.

my take out experience as I write this is as follows. "I hate those Fucking people" grub hub customers. "I'm not a driver I don't give a fuck", with 40 minutes to go, "I already cashed out ain't nobody better come in this bitch" which BTW all the menus say open 24/7 which is not true. 

finally my delivered order last month, antipasto salad with no meats just cheese and the pizza we wanted well done was under done. 

I gave this place one more try after that delivery mess, but this is crazy. the food really is good in person but all the negative delivery comments on here are accurate. I gave it a two because when we ate in store I was very happy, but these last two attempts, can't do it again.笑
Not good!!! I mean really NOT good!!!
My husband asked the woman behind the counter... are the burger patties fresh ground beef or frozen? She said "fresh, of course"...... got the burger and it was absolutely not fresh.... I know a frozen patty when I see one and my husband said it is the worst burger he ever had. The french fries were sooooo bad!
I had a 10" cheese pizza... it was okay...... not good enough to go back! 
The iced tea was horrible, tasted like tap water.
Will not be returning here!笑
Not a huge fan, also no point in using the comment box to request anything. they didn't read it anyway. decent food, was cold when it was delivered.笑
Its a shame they replaced Buzz BBQ for this joke of a place....Food is horrible, customer service is awful. It won't be long before this place shuts down.笑
lets make a list of things wrong with this pizza.

1. it was undercooked.
2. it had too much cheese
3. cheese might have been imitation cheese
4. if it wasn't imitation cheese its the saltiest cheese i have ever had.
5. you dont dice peppers and put them on pizza.
6. how do you make pineapple salty?
7. 2 bites  out a 16" pie 25 bucks delivered.  go to jacks or taco bell.  they suck too but at least its cheap.

the driver was awesome and the crust was ok.

On a bad day i would have drove this back to the store and left it on the corner.笑
Do not do business with these guys. They hire  people  to put out fliers and don't care about no trespass/ solicitation signs. I've called the mgr twice with no luck. I pull EVERY flier out of the door and toss them. I've called 311 to try to catch them and trespass them. Last Sat 3-15-14 I was threatened with physical harm by one of the flier guys.笑
I've never been to this place before, but my staff and I frequently order delivery from them. The food is always so good!!!!  The white pizza and supreme pizzas are delicious!  Ordered the gyro sub today. Haven't received my order yet, but I have no doubts it will be delicious!笑
I used to order and pick up at least once a week but not any longer.  The food is good, I usually only ordered pizza or Stromboli. However, the last few times I have ordered the one thing I loved best was their marinara sauce and again, not any longer.  Also, last three Times I ordered a Stromboli I asked for light cheese and it was riddled with cheese or three times. They either have changed management, are skimping on ingredients or changed them completely.  I haven't ordered from there in at least 3 months and won't be back anytime soon. This was the ONLY place that had the BEST marinara sauce.  I'm on the hunt again.
Bye, bye brothers笑
We decided to order from Brother's Italian Bistro since we were in the mood for pizzas and the such but were getting kind of sick of ordering from chain restaurants. Our order for delivery consisted of Chili Cheese Fries with a side of ranch ($5.99), Smoked Gouda Macaroni and Cheese bites with a side of ranch ($5.99), a small 14" Blanco pizza with extra cheese ($12.99), a medium Calzone with extra cheese meatballs and pepperoni ($14.99), a small dinner salad with extra BBQ blue cheese dressing ($3.99) and finally their large Kiwi flavored Italian soda ($2.49).

    Their "small" salad is a great size and LOADED with fresh veggies. Being the blue cheese dressing lover I am, I was intrigued to see a BBQ Blue cheese (?) on the menu. But, I was like, let's try it. It wasn't bad, but it's was literally just blue cheese with some BBQ sauce squirted on top.

    I was a little skeptical (and was warned by the boyfriend to not do it, lol!) about ordering the Smoked Gouda Macaroni and Cheese bites because of past experiences with places similar to this. But I was pleasantly surprised, they were really good! Very creamy and tasty! I had them for delivery, so of course they were not that crispy, but it didn't matter! The boyfriend ordered for his appetizer an order of the Chili Cheese Fries. I had a few bites. They were tasty too, but way too much beans in the chili itself.

    My white pizza was very tasty, albeit a tad over garlicky. Which is crazy because I LOVE garlic but it was just an over amount of what seemed like raw garlic? But it was great size for the price. I even called once I placed the order to add extra cheese on the pizza and the calzone because the third party delivery website didn't have the option, and the man who answered was super nice and did it for us. The calzone was HUGE. If your just ordering for one person, just get the individual size. The medium will feed like 3 people!! And holy moly, their marinara sauce must have been lava temperature because it melted the container like crazy. The only real complaints I would have would be that we ordered it with meatballs but got ground beef instead and the crust was super super doughy. 

    The Italian soda was yummy too, the kiwi was sort of a strange flavor, but hey, it grows on you! Also, we did stress in our order message to please call us beforehand because we sometimes have a hard time hearing the doorbell....We didn't get such a call :/

We'll order from them again, big portions for the price and yummy food!笑
Really wishing the atmosphere of this place was better. The lady at the register is extremely rude and there is no other noise (music) except her clanking dishes. The pizza is good the wings are good but the service is lacking. Big time.笑
This place is alarming and filthy , the owner came to my house banging down the door waking up my whole family. Bought the wrong pizza took my money and left with out making it right. Awful awful service . Scary even笑
Horrible customer service! They messed up my order and treated me like they didn't care. No wonder you never see more than one table being used at a time! My advice to you is to avoid this place like the plague! Worst pizza experience of my life and I'm willing to put up with a lot for good food.笑
I have been ordering from this restaurant in the evening or early morning hours for the past 6 months. I could not say it was excellent by any means, but it was decent enough. Then, I decided one morning to place a $40 order. What a shame! The delivery man must have smoked a full pack of cigarettes with my food in his car. I literally opened my door and wanted to vomit. The stench was heavy coming from him. I hoped, at least it would not carry onto my food. I was terribly mistaken. The pizza I ordered along with my salad and pasta were all inedible. They not only smelled but tasted like a cigarette! 

When I called to speak with a manager and get a refund, they claimed no one was available but someone would call me back tomorrow. No one did. I called to speak with a manager the following day since no one returned my call. The person who answered told me he still wasn't in. I let them know I threw away all of the food ordered. I literally had to spit out the first and only bite I did take. I asked that he call me as soon as he got in. Again, I was told I would receive a call. They would not even give me his name. Too bad. You lost my business due to your poor choice in drivers and horrible customer service!笑
I placed my order with a delivery time of 10:35, mind you I work in a call center and can not answer my phone while working....my lunch is at 10:30 so I figured 10:35 would be perfect I could meet the guy at security and get my food and enjoy my lunch...too bad that's not what happened. Guy shows up at 10:25, restaurant calls me at 10:28 I can't answer the phone.....guy waits a min and then leaves with my food. I call restaurant and ask why he didn't wait even though I set it for a specific time...guy on the phone is rude and tells me that the driver will not come back with my food and I'm not allowed to order from them again because I didn't answer when he called. I explained my situation and he hung up on me. Long story short I had to drive somewhere and get food myself and wasted my whole lunch 30 mins and hardly got to eat. But hey I guess they thinks it's okay to treat customers badly.笑
This is the WORST  Italian food ever! Chicken Marsala had chopped chicken breast that was so hard,  they resembled "corn-nuts"! Save your money! Absolutely the worst! Yuk!笑
Probably the worst delivery experience I've ever had (and I order out a lot) and some less than mediocre food for sure. It blows my mind is that I ordered at midnight on a Monday and they still estimated an hr delivery.... at MIDNIGHT on a MONDAY. I only live two miles from the restaurant. 

After a full hour, I get a call from the driver. When I answered, I could hear shuffling then he'd hang up. Two more times. Finally showed up and when I answered the door, no greeting, no smile, no apology for being late. Nothing. Except blame. He literally said, "What? Is your phone broke?" I just glared at him in disbelief. I thanked him and he glared at me and left. He didn't say anything other than clearly trying to blame my "broke" phone on why my food arrived so late it was cold. Like you're a delivery driver dude. If you tried to call me three times and couldn't navigate to my address that's two miles from your restaurant, your phone is probably the one that's broken. Or you can't follow simple GPS directions?? I just don't understand. 

After the terrible experience with the driver and the hour and half wait for an order of chicken fingers, I was just happy to finally eat. As soon as I opened the to go container, I knew I wouldn't be eating this food. The fries were cold and soggy, the fingers were cold and hard and were only half coated in buffalo sauce. My canoli was drenched in cinnamon, as if the shaker lid fell off right over the canoli and you guys said, "eh it's still good" and gave it to me anyway. Nah. Not good anymore. Nothing was good. Nothing at all. Least of all, the tall, old man who delivered my food last night. I'll be sure to warn every single person I know who lives in this area about your stellar customer service and amazing food. 

Love terrible food and even worse delivery drivers? You'll probably love this place.笑
This was by far the best pizza I have had in a long time. We were stranded in Vegas due to car troubles and didn't want to drive so we had it delivered to our hotel. The 24" is a LOT of pizza. the salads were fresh and crispy. Will eat here again next time I am in the area.笑
This is the worst pizza pick up ever. First they give me 20 wings instead of fingers 10$ difference to start. I go back they bitch at me I have a recite they bitch at each other and the staff. Get the food leave find out it's only 10 fingers get back and the "24 hour" place is locked up and lights out in a matter of 5 minutes. Bang on the door and see the worker in a car who rolls his window down and gives me half my money back and then speeds off. Don't go here.笑
Great Pizza and Zucchini Sticks - great price - fresh. All good!笑
The BEST wings that I have found so far in Las Vegas!!! You get HUGE wings for your money! Fast delivery and quality product! Keep it up guys!!笑
We've ordered pretty much everything on the menu.  Chicken fingers the best thing we tried. Large salad is enough to feed three people.  Lunch Specials are worth the price. Night time delivery guy is friendly.笑
Absolutely DELICIOUS!! Tasty. Fast delivery. Great prices. Exceptional service. Good bye north end pizza hello brothers Italian bistro. Best pizza EVER!! Great flavor and they have a huge menu, can't wait to try more of what they have to offer.笑
Excellent wings with more flavors than just 'mild' or 'hot'. I ordered garlic parm and lemon garlic, both of which were delicious. The fries were also surprisingly good (as fries rarely are at a pizza place). To top it off, delivery was within the time quoted, and even a little early. Driver was polite as well. Only potential issue is the 3.50 delivery charge, but it's well worth it if you don't want to go in to pick up your food. Definitely give it a try, delivery or pickup.笑
Love this place! Can't beat the carry out special. We order from here once a week. Pizza friday!笑
Tried this place for the first time last weekend. When I went inside their wasn't one customer and no one was working the counter. After about 5 minutes a Russian woman came out to the counter to take our to-go order. We ordered 3 Hot Pastrami sandwiches and one Chicken Parm sandwich. We are Sicilian so we are very critical of Italian food. The Chicken Parm sandwich was one if the best I had tasted in NW LV. Lots of sauce and breaded chicken Breast with a lot of cheese melted on a large roll. The Pastrami was marginal at best and NOT high quality meat. We decided to try this place again last night. This time we ordered another Chicken Parm sandwich and a Pizza with Pepperoni and Mushroom. This time there was less Chicken and the sauce was non-existent (none) hardly. The pizza was beyond thin - thin crust and the ingredients were scarcely on the pizza. The best pizza joints give you a Healthy dose of ingredients. The taste was also not much better then a frozen pizza. There was also not a soul in there on a Sunday night. Not a good sign !! The business has signs all over the windows that say Best Of Vegas but these were left over from the previous business Buzz BBQ. I will not be back.笑
We ordered food from these people and never again. They completely botched the order and did not want to fix the issue. They stated that they knew thy missed part if our order and that they had the order as something else. They stated that the manager had to be there before they do anything! They wouldn't even offer to fix what was wrong, the lady laughed at my husband during the whole issue. This company is EXTREMELY unprofessional. I have never had a business be so unwilling to fix a problem they created. We went to go return the food and get our money back. The manager have us some story about how the waitress repeated back the order twice which is a lies an a complete change of her original story. He then did not want to refund the tip stating that you can only refund the food. How in the hell can you take a tip on something you screwed up and not charging??? He then proceeded to threaten us! Really?!? He told us to never order from them or come back. Lucky I have to give you a rating otherwise I wouldn't. You have poor business practices and I would like people to know. I will not come back to your business and neither will any of my friends, family or coworkers.笑
Not shure why there are 5 star review's for this place. I tried BBQ Chicken pizza things about pizza not setting well - first off there using the sauce idea completely wrong its either a BBQ pizza meaning no Pizza SAUCE or not consider having it on menu, I got it with Pizza sauce on bottom and the BBQ sauce on top first witch was way too sweat and im 30 so don't think I am some old person ( sorry ) but it was def. bland too couldn't taste cheese. I think if they had a tangy BBQ sauce and no pizza sauce ( actually saving money on the pizza because know your eliminating 1 sauce. Sorry but I am part Italian and pretty particular on my sauces. Honestly I could probably guess it was sweet baby ray's bbq sauce. Also got a red velvet cake witch was descent but could kinda tell store bought. Overall save a few bucks and go to little ceaser's and for those who say prices are cheap you gotta be kidding me at nearly $14 dollar for a small ( bbq) and some range higher for 14' the most expensive 14' pie is almost $17 dollars !!!! for a small pizza for that matter -- to me that seems a little expensive just for a 14' pie. This was a toss up between pellegrini and this place well guessing I should of done Pellegrini笑
Live in a gated community which has a clearly makes no soliciting sign. Brother's must have delivered to someone in my neighborhood because all the cars were peppered with menus. Didn't appreciate it and don't plan to order from them.笑
Brother's took over the space once occupied by the late great Buzz BBQ.  Oh how I miss Buzz.  Regardless, I was excited to see a new pizza place opening up in the NW in my neck of the woods.  The menu is extensive and everything sounds great so I thought I would give it a try.  Last night I got a 10" 4 item combo pizza.  I got pepperoni, meatball, mushroom and black olives.  It took about 20 minutes for the pizza to come out of the oven.  That is about average.  What took far too long was waiting for somebody to take orders.  There were no diners inside.  Cashiers were missing too.  I stood around for several minutes before somebody came from the back to start taking orders.  Not that there were many orders to take.  The phone never rang and I was one of just two people in there to place an order to go.  This is not a good sign for this business.  If it keeps this pace they wont last long.  Anyhow, I took my pizza home and ate the entire thing for dinner.  A 10" pizza, it turns out, is not terribly big.  This was cut into 4 pieces.  It had sauce, cheese, pepperoni, mushroom and olives as expected.  It seemed to be missing meatballs though.  Usually when I order a pizza with meatballs it comes with sliced meatballs.  This, however, came with what appeared to be simple ground beef.  It was strange but at least everything was on there in one form or another.  The sauce was fine.  A little bit spicy I think.  The crust was thin.  Thin enough that it was crispy on the bottom.  Yet it was thick enough to still be chewy on the top.  And it kind of flaked apart.  That was nice.  But the crust seemed almost too perfectly round and too uniform in its thickness.  It was almost a prefabricated crust not unlike Pizza Hut or Little Ceasars just edging them out with better quality and more appeal.  This is not the greatest pizza I've had.  It is alright but I had higher hopes.