This location is kind of hidden from the street. It was quiet inside and clean. My girlfriend and I ordered a Medium Pizza with pepperoni, sausage , and onion for about $16.25 total. The pizza is square, medium thickness, and very cheezy. The pepperoni is flavorful. Red onions are a nice touch. The sauce has a little bit of zing...but not overly spicy. We enjoyed adding a little buffalo wing sauce to our pizza (since there was a bottle on the table). Our pizza was brought out to us by the kind cashier/waitress. She also turned down one of the t.v.s for us when it became a little loud. We enjoyed our date at Nathan's. It was a little chilly inside so I did keep my coat on. However, if I had asked, I think that they might have turned up the heat for me. 

There were only three groups of people in this restaurant while we were there. This is a small pizza place without the smoke, alcohol, and noise of some larger pizza places.Ǿ
Try feta cheese mozzeralla
Mixed pizza it's moneyǾ
Trying to give up Pizza?  Here is some inspiration.

I don't condone giving up pizza by the way, since all pizza isn't this bad.  Let me say I'm both a pretentious critic and a simple man.  Sure, I like Citizen Kane but I also like Zoolander.   Good food doesn't need to be snooty and stuck-up, it does need to satisfy though.

The pizza here has super powers.  Somehow it was able to be soggy, greasy, chewy, flavorless, and dry at the same time.  The quality of the ingredients really make the pizza, and when you take processed cheese, over-worked and poorly seasoned dough, and some tomato paste that surely came right out of a huge aluminum can, you can't expect greatness.  Think a cardboard box soaked in oil, covered in old cheese and canned tomatoes.  

I am from Chicago where pizza is king, so I know not to expect the same variety and quality here, but Northside Nathan's Detroit style pizza is an epic failure.  

Detroit is not known for their pizza, and even though times are tough in the motor city right now, they are better off keeping this place as far out of Michigan as possible.

In the mood for that carboard consitency and flavor tonight?  Do yourself a favor and just take a few bites out of an old shoe box, it's cheaper.Ǿ
Disappointed. Frozen pizza dough. Heavy and thick instead of thick and airy. Paid $60 for two pizzas and a salad. Salad was ok. Not worth the $12. Quality compared to Little Caesars but don't expect a $5 pizza.Ǿ
Best Pizza and Antipasto Salad in town! Bonus is they deliver now. Wings are outstanding (not a big fan anywhere else) very crispy and hot sauce adds nice kickǾ
I do not live on that side of town anymore but the pizza is so good I will actually go out of my way on the way home from work & stop here if I have a pizza craving. Will accept no substitute!Ǿ
When I saw there was a "Detroit-style" pizza place in town, my inner foley artist set off the screeching brakes. Detroit-style? DETROIT-STYLE?

All of this time I thought my gold standard, the pizza of my youth, was just a skewed memory of childhood. But what if that raised bar had nothing to do with being young and naive and everything to do with being young and naive... in *Michigan*? (Epiphany!) 

Okay, but it's been 25 years since I last saw the Wolverine State, and back then my suburban life in Sterling Heights and Romeo was further away from Detroit than the number of miles on a map. "Detroit-style" might have nothing to do with the cushiony yet solid crusts of those tender years spent on the swings in Dodge Park and swimming in the Stevenson High School pool.

Still, cautiously optimistic, we headed to Northside Nathan's.

Right away I was impressed with the decor. NN's isn't a fine dining establishment, but someone still put a lot of thought into celebrating the spirit of the Motor City. I'm no cheerleader for our country's big mitten - like I said, I somehow haven't gotten around to going back in 25 years - but looking around the dining area still made me smile. 

(Note: When looking at the menu online and noticing the "Gangster's Choice" pizza, this once-and-still suburbanite was afraid it might be more like "Gangsta's Choice." I mean... Detroit... you know? If you spent the 1970s in the lower peninsula, your mind might stray to ghetto thoughts, too. Thankfully, I'm just woefully stupid about musical theatre. The pizza names are all an homage to "Guys and Dolls." Oh. Which I once saw, starring Lulu, so make that an "Oh" and a smack to the head.)

Nice shopping center at Flamingo and Fort Apache, easy parking, casual yet "attractive enough to eat-in" interior, and the young woman who took our order was as friendly as could be. We ordered a large "Adelaide's Special Supreme" (aka "the works") for Mike and a large "Sister Sarah's Very Veggie" for me. In other words, we ordered way too much pizza, even with a week of lunches in mind, but I suppose that's what freezers are for.

The wait was about 20 pleasant minutes. A family eating at the next table were sharing what looked like a good salad, but then I think all salads served in metal bowl look good. (The leaves staying cool, the dressing lightly coating, never dripping...) 

We also peeped at the other family's pizza. Mmmm. *Cross fingers*

My husband staggered a little with the weight of the boxes when the pizzas came up. Talk about heft! After reassuring the staff that we didn't need dried red peppers or Parmesan packets (or plates or napkins, but how nice of them to offer), we drove the ten minutes back home. (Hey, what's this in the plastic bag on top of the pizzas? Tootsie Rolls? Cute!)

I've uploaded a picture of the veggie pizza on the plate at home, which shows some dedication because, believe me, I was ready to inhale it whole. The sight of the thick crust with the crispy corners held so much promise...

...And the taste totally delivered. YUM! (Fist punch to the sky!) YUM!

Crust just a little higher than a man's thumb from end to end? Check. And that crust, does it have non-floppy horizontal hold while not resembling cardboard? Check. Do the ingredients have individual taste and not just texture? Check. Is the cheese mellow and melted, not too sparse, not too heavy, and certainly not congealed or separated from the rest of the pizza, even after an hour? Check. Is the sauce tomato-y without being noticeably sweet? Check! Greasy at all? No!

It's to Northside Nathan's credit that I am this excited when I didn't even order the kind of pizza I like. My ideal pizza is mushroom and onions, or mushrooms and anything, but not too many toppings, and definitely not tomato because I prefer to get my tomato taste from the sauce. But I got the Very Veggie on a whim, and I wish I'd hurry up and finish this review so I can grab another slice. (Too much pizza? I take it back!) The VV either doesn't come with mushrooms or there was some confusion when my husband asked for the mushrooms taken off his, but you know what? Still delicious anyway. 

Our pizzas were square, per Northside Nathan's standard, but round pizzas are available. Don't believe everything you read on Wikipedia, though. Wiki says that "Detroit-style" means that the toppings are layered under the sauce, and the pictures in that article back this up, but our pizzas had the toppings on top, somewhat mixed in with the cheese, with the sauce underneath. (That's also the only way I ever had it in Michigan, but again: suburbs, long time ago, etc. Perhaps someone needs to get sub-regional with the pizza codifying.)

I'm really torn: four stars or five? Shouldn't the best pizza I've had in Las Vegas warrant a five? Or should I save my fives for the extraordinary experiences, not just the "damn good" ones? Well, I guess I have all of those future visits to make up my mind.Ǿ
OK so I start my pizza ratings with Cece's pizza (all you can eat pizza place).  Pizza at Cece's is just a little better than frozen pizza and it's creative.  Something that kids love.  I don't have kids.  So therefore I don't care.  If your pizza is better than Cece's you've got a decent pizza.  I'm not hard to please I just hate being neglected.  

With that said, I don't mean to slam Nathan's but it was frozen pizza.  I felt that there was no care given to the toppings (had the all meat pizza) and I mean it all looked like the toppings came out of a bag.  

Also had the wings.  I never thought you could mess up hot wings... they messed up the wings.  Wings are served way too hot (temp) and with no sauce.  You apply your own sauce (Frank's hot sauce).  I mean this is like eating at home... but worse.

So if you're craving some Northside Nathan's Pizza go to your local freezer section, get some square pan pizza, frozen wings and a bottle of Franks hot sauce (this will run you maybe $10) and save yourself the $30 spent on lunch.

Or better yet... go to Cece's.Ǿ
Wings are great and pizza good but needs a little more spice.  Service a little slow as well.  However food is fresh and made to order.  If on this side of town would consider coming backǾ
I love this place! The best wings and pizza in town!Ǿ
This is my favorite place in town for pizza. Its good that its  far from my house or I would go broke from eating it all the time.
Its a Detroit style pizza..which means its HUGE and square and 2 inches thick! And I am from Detroit and when I eat this pizza I feel like I am back in the old neighborhood.
I don't even mind waiting for the pizza to cook cuz they actually have pics of the old neighborhood & Detroit memorabilia to check out while you wait.Ǿ
I tried this Detroit style "pizza" last night.  I can only say that I hated it with all my pizza loving heart.  The service was served up begrudgingly since they where more interested in cleaning so they could get out of there early.  We arrived 1 hour before they were to close to find all but the chairs already on the tables.  We ordered the largest special with two drinks and it came to a little over thirty bucks. The employee's were talking with a gross off duty employee loudly just a few feet from us about how one of them hated that he had to work tomorrow and some other lame topics we tried our best to ignore. and he filled his giant cup full of soda.  Finally he left and the other employee went back to cleaning all around us.  It was very uncomfortable and awkward since her cleaning was the only noise in the place.  The TV's were muted and the background music was real low.  Finally the pizza arrived, but I thought they had the order wrong, because I didn't order a $4 frozen Tino's pizza.  This piece of trash they believe to be pizza must be for poor Detroit trailer trash.  I can't believe anyone would eat crap like that.   I totally agree with the other posters who've stated that the toppings taste and look like they came straight out of a bag.  I've had better pizza in high school cafeterias back in the 80's.  This place was a fail on every possible level for me.  I'm going to keep trying what Vegas has to offer till I find a pizza I can eat without crying.Ǿ
One of my favorite pizza places in Las Vegas.  They use good quality cheese and ingredients, and the staff is friendly and quick.  I really like their pan pizzas.Ǿ
Ever since arriving in Las Vegas from Australia I've been searching for good pizza. 

I know "good pizza" is very subjective and everyone likes what they like and is prepared to defend their preferred style to the death. I've asked on Las Vegas forums, on yahoo answers, scoured Yelp, and badgered friends but everyone's answers, despite my descriptions of the sort of thing i am looking for, keep coming back to the same New York or Chicago style pizza places - styles of pizza I have firmly ruled out as my personal definition of "good pizza".

So along comes Northside Nathan's. Detroit style huh? I knew nothing about this particular type of pizza, but the fact that it was called something other than NY or Chicago gave me hope that it would be different. My wife and I took the short drive to the restaurant which is tastefully decorated in homage to Detroit.

An immediate good sign for me was that the pizza took longer than ten minutes to cook. We weren't sitting around forever, but there was no feeling that we were going to end up with half raw or soggy crust. When our pizzas arrived I just about needed a forklift to take them to the car - they were that heavy.

When we got home and I took a bite of my "works" pizza I knew I was going to be happy. Perhaps this isn't my perfect pizza, but it's very very good pizza. The inch thick crust is that right combination of denseness and crispness and is cooked to perfection. Not cooked on the bottom and raw dough on the upper half just below the cheese-line.  Not sagging down like a limp towel when I picked up a slice.  The ingredients were of high quality and the whole thing tasted great.

This is going to sound like a criticism, but it really isn't - my pizza tasted very much as I remember Pizza Hut pizzas from my youth back in Australia. Back when the family would go into a restaurant, sit at the tables with the red and white checked tablecloths and fill out little puzzle sheets because "it takes time to make a good pizza". The sort of pizza Pizza Hut stopped producing when they transformed from a better than average family pizza -restaurant- into a lowest common denominator take-out and delivery chain. Pizza hut -used- to make GREAT pizzas and Northside Nathan's reminded me a lot of Pizza hut of yore.

Another benefit of this place is that the Pizzas are HUGE. We ended up spending close to $50 for our two pizzas but the things are so massive we're still grazing on them two and a half days later. I must have had about eight meals out of mine alone.

If you, like I did, find yourself longing for something other than your friend's favourite NY or Chicago style pizza, Northside Nathan's might be the place for you. It's certainly the first pizza place in town that's assured of my repeat custom.Ǿ
I grew up on thicker, fluffy crusted pizzas, I was foaming at the mouth when my boyfriend took me here and I saw their pizza. The pizza is square/rectangular shape, thicker crispy crust on the outer edges, and the toppings were great! We ordered the Detroit Pizza? I'm not sure of the name, but it had diced tomatoes, garlic, sausage, mushrooms, and we add bacon to it. It is the best pizza that I have had to date in Las Vegas!  For the record, I hate Little Caesars, hate Papa John's, Pizza Hut pan pizza is ok, Domino's is hit and miss, but Northside Nathan's always delivers fresh, hot, perfectly topped pies.  Now that I'm playing ice hockey across the street, we'll be visiting more and more! YAY!Ǿ
I've only had Nathan's once but it was amazing. I had pepperoni and sausage with cheese and garlic. Pretty basic but the pizza was very flavorful and satisfying. You can't get a better pizza in this part of town as far as I'm concerned. The ambiance in the restaurant is lacking, but the food is fresh and the service is great. I will definitely be back for to-go orders.Ǿ
Went to NN's today for lunch, ordered the Adelaide 6" with "thinnest crust possible," aka "Skinny Minnie." Had a $10 coupon from Radio Shopping Show, which, all told, took me to about $2.60 out of pocket. Not bad for a pizza made to order. The 'za was tasty, garlic was definitely present. Crust looked like it was made elsewhere and shipped in frozen. Yes, frozen-disc crust. But for pocket change, no complaints. The 6" was definitely enough for a 1-person lunch.

When I concluded my meal, I turned to thank the hostess but she and the cook were nowhere to be found. I literally was alone in the joint. Me and the white bucket of bleach and a rag soaking in it, located next to the drink fountain. That was all kinds of gross and disgusting. 

Overall, probably won't be back. I've had much better pizza, better service and no cleaning supplies on public view, in other pizza restos around town. Taste of Chicago is great, Rocco's is great. This place? Won't be around a year from now. I bet you a 6" Adelaide.Ǿ
This is a place that specializes in Detroit-style Pizza. When pizza is made Detroit-style that means it is shaped like a square, cut into squares and the toppings are placed under the sauce. One thing about pizza being cut into squares is that it always seems to deceive one into eating more....but I digress. XD.

Pros: 
I love the neighborhood feel of the place. It's admirable how the owners decorated it so it would feel just like home for them. Gotta love that kind of pride! 
The pizza is very good and they have a LOT on the menu. Kind of weird how the chicken finger box only comes with two chicken fingers though(BIG chicken fingers....but seriously?).
Pictures of classic Motown musicians all over the walls.
Not only that but I really love it when I see arcade machines in any place that isn't a casino or movie theater. The stand alone arcade seems to be dead and you don't even see them in malls(or pizza shops) anymore! Makes me feel nostalgic!

Cons: The price.....but I'm a cheapskate so maybe that's more me.

Fantastic pizza place that just doesn't get the recognition it deserves in my opinion.Ǿ
My husband brought home a pizza tonight for dinner, it was from Northside Nathans on Flamingo.  We go by this place at least daily, we've only tried it once when it first opened.  We've talked about trying it again and I'm glad we did.

We had the "Adelside's Special Supreme" one of their old fashioned Detoit deep dish, it had everything on it, except pineapple, jalapeno and anchovies.   There must have at least six meats, chicken, pepperoni, sausage, ham, meatballs and capicola.  

There is no tomato sauce this is juicy enough with all the toppings that a sauce isn't missed.  There are small chopped tomatoes, the plump Roma tomatoes, black olives, garlic, mushrooms, green peppers and onions as well.

The crust isn't too thick but just the right size so as to avoid having too much crust and not enough toppings.   The botttom was crispy and stood up to the weight of all those goodies placed on top.  Each bite was balanced with meat, veggie and crust. 

We did a good job eating most of it, but I still managed to snag some left over slices for my lunch next day, still a good pizza pie!  I would recommend this place at least the pizza is great, we'll have to dine in next time to check out the rest of the menu.Ǿ
Excellent pizza and wings. My favorite pizza place in town. Both locations offer the same great quality. They need more locations!!Ǿ
3 measly chicken fingers on a pile of soggy fries. How do you mess up chicken fingers?! 9 bucks...no thank you.Ǿ
The pizza here is really good!  If I had to compare it to something, it would be the pizza at BJ's Brewhouse (that fluffy pan pizza crust).  I did not ask if they had any other crust options.  I also had some mozzarella sticks which were pretty standard and tasty... can't go wrong there!Ǿ
If your in the mood to watch a Red wings game or a Michigan Wolverine game to to the Nathan's over on West Lake Mead. Seating isn't the greatest but the atmosphere couldn't be better. The Flamigo and Ft Apache store is all chair seating. 

Pizza is great, wings are fantastic, the salad (yeah salad with wings) is outstanding. Order an extra side of the dressing because this is one area that they kind of short you in.Ǿ
great pizza, chicago style.  Not a true deepdish, but very good and fresh.Ǿ
Closed - Lake Mead location still open.  Closed about 2 weeks ago according to other location. 9/12/14Ǿ
went there because we had a groupon.  I'll go again.

friendly staff
multiple TVs for sports
cool memorabilia on wallsǾ
Pretty good pie, had the guys n dolls (snausage, pep n onions)
Square thick crust, not too thick, as not to be doughyyyyy.  I read the sauce was light so I ordered extra sauce, tasty, good texture, yummy. We killed it, so it was good enuff! One of the better pies I've had in vegas, outranks metro I'd say, although that was one time, gotta give em a mulligan in case it was a fluke(metro)Ǿ
Great place to come get pizza and wings! Although this location is a lot smaller than the other and the other has a bar their wings and fries are amazing!!