I love a good persian pizza and that is what i got at icheese. Cheesy gooi yummy persian pizza. It was made fresh and with all ingredients i love. We also had the persian donuts and yumm. Service was great. Staff was friendly and attending. Over all  amazing food and experience.Ǿ
I went the grand opening and tried many samples. I love the persian pizza, the four season pizza, neopolitan, neptune, and seafood.  I also love the sweet pastry appetizers and the mint drink. The price was reasonable. The place is very clean and the owner is super friendly.  Definitely will come again for lunch or quick dinner.Ǿ
Today, I stopped by icheese for the first time. I loved the cozy environment, yummy food and friendly workers. I ordered persian pizza, it was simply amazing! I also tried their pirshki donut... it was really delicious too. It was pretty entertaining for me to play games with my friends while having my dessert.  

I will defiantly go back to try other dishes.Ǿ
Came to this place on their grand opening, and the experience was a little sub-par. 

I walked in and the place was empty. I proceeded to walk over to the register and place my order. The food menu extends to about 15 items or so which provides a healthy variety. I placed my order which consisted of a Four Season double, and a regular sized soft drink. I then waited for almost 25 minutes which I felt was a little lengthy considering there was nobody in the place, however the pies are made fresh when ordered so a little leeway should be granted. 

Food quality is okay, I didn't care for the taste of the Four Season, but I felt the price was in line with the amount of food you get. My total bill came to  roughly $11, but keep in mind that was with a15% student discount. 

Other than the time I waited for the food, the service was great. The staff checked on me several times while I ate. I will be giving this place another opportunity for a service recovery (for the time I waited).Ǿ
All I can say, is if your hours of operation are listed until 8pm, you should really be open at 630pm. 

We have tried to come here on multiple occasions within the posted busoness hours and they have not been open any time we've been down! How do you expect to do business when you're hours of operation are inconsistent with your posted busoness hours?  I'll give it one more try and if they're not open again, I wont bother ever going back, even if I KNOW they're open. 

What a pitty.Ǿ
Stop here to know how the delicious Parsian fast food is.
Really amazing taste that you've ever tried.
Nice & cool customer service too ;)Ǿ
Good quality pizza for reasonable prices  !
 I love coming here cuz of the board games and the amazing "make your own " pizza ! 
The workers were really nice and considerate. I love everything about this placeǾ
We stopped in after along day on the road. The hostess was super friendly and eager to help. She suggested the house special maklob. Thinking this was just another run of the mill pizza spots, boy were we wrong. The sandwich was amazing. All the ingredients were fast. The spices were delightful. We will be coming back soon.Ǿ
Every Time we are in Vegas we have to come here. The food is simple and delicious. Clean and friendly environment and fresh ingredients. The owner is super nice and helpful. We had the maklub, buffalo chicken pizza, margarita pizza, Persian pizza and the bug yet farcie. Everything was amazing!!!Ǿ
This place is great!  Friendly staff, good food, decent prices.  Only downgrade is they are only open limited hours.  Worth the trip though.


I have been meaning to go here for some time, but they have limited hours, and are not open when I'm usually in the neighborhood.  I'm glad I finally got a chance to stop by.  

As has been mentioned they have Persian influenced food.  I had the Farsie roll.  It was a mix of meat rolled in pizza dough.  It was simply amazing.  They have many different pizza options as well, all of which sounded great.  They also have a lunch special, and the day I came it was fairly busy with UNLV students.  

The best part about this place though has to be the Funnel Cake Fries!  Oh wow, these are delicious!  They have several options of toppings and my order with caramel was not just top coated, but drizzled throughout with sweet caramel deliciousness.  

If you find yourself near UNLV afternoon/early evening, this place is worth a try!Ǿ
Came here on their grand opening and tried little bit of almost everything on their menu, food was fresh, pizzas tasted amazing, specially their persian pizza, my favorite was the persian donut, it's a must! Store was very clean ,staff were helpful and friendly. Will definitely come back  if you love pizza give this place a try, you won't regretǾ
Friendly service, clean everywhere, and tasty food make this a great place to see open up near UNLV Campus. Had the pizza baguette and came on fresh bread, had a tasty sauce and cheese, and straight from the oven. I'm hoping this place gains in popularity as I would go back a few more times to try other items on the menu.Ǿ
Trendy and friendly place just across the street from UNLV. Good food, great price! Nice addition to this part of town. Clean places to sit and comfortable environment.Ǿ
Great & Friendly environment. They even have board games for you and your company to play while waiting for your freshly made pizza being cooked up. 
I ordered the seafood pizza! That was Superb as it was loaded with calamari and baby shrimps with lots of cheese on it!Ǿ
Love love love the bread they use to make their food. I have been 4 times already.  My goal is to try everything on the menu. I took almost my whole family last night. We got seafood pizza, persian pizza, pepperoni pizza for the kids, funnel cake fries, Caesar salad, and thee most delicious of them all was the farcie baguette. Close to UNLV so I suggest you students try it out, you definitely won't be disappointed.Ǿ
It makes me sad to only give this place three stars, as its a new local business. 
It's very nicely decorated inside and with comfortable and abundant seating. There was only one other person there when I arrived and during my visit around lunch hours. 
Pizza menu is very Persian-influenced, and the counter up front has pictures so it is helpful to look at as you decide what to order. My boyfriend had the individual sized buffalo chicken pizza and me the margherita pizza (tomatoes, cheese, basil) and an order of fries. With a BoGo coupon, our total came to be about $11. 
Taste was quite mediocre, nothing too special although the dough was chewy and good. Order of fries was pretty small for $3. Probably not worth the full price. They do have 15% off for showing your UNLV student ID.Ǿ
I'm stuck doing research at UNLV during the summer and I came across this place for lunch. The restaurant is new and the staff is beyond professional and friendly. The food speaks for itself and is absolutely delicious. My favorite is the persian pizza (have had it 3 times already!). You should also try the funnel cake fries and their buffalo wings- amazing. UNLV students also get a discount which is a blessing. This place will definitely be one of my regular lunch spots this year!Ǿ
The staff is soooooo friendly! Im so glad to support them since they just opened! I had the persian pizza and it was delicious! :) nearby unlv so convenient walk for students!Ǿ
Good food at a very good price. Nothing fancy, no bells and whistles. Just fresh ingredients and good, thinner crust pizzas. UNLV campus needed a traditional pizza place with good prices. And they deliver on campus. For a special treat, try the Persian donut. It was super tasty, not too heavy or sweet, but perfect satisfaction to the sweet tooth.Ǿ
I was pretty excited to try out a new campus-adjacent pizza place. The other places in the area are good, but this one's location was great. 

The good: the place is new, so it's squeaky clean. The dining area Is a bit sparse, but perfectly functional. 

The pizza *flavor* isn't bad. That said:

The bad: the pizza itself is out of whack. I'm all about cracker crusts, but you can't dump a pound of oily mozzarella on super thin crusts. (I'm not against a fork & knife pizza, but this one is an unavoidable mess --not something you want to deal with on a quick lunch run.) 

The prices are also "off." Just because your pizza *isnt* a dominos pizza, that doesn't give you carte blanche to charge twice as much. A 14" pizza for $13 isn't exorbitant, but when that $13 pizza "feels" cheaper than dominos, it makes you wonder where that money went. The same is true for the mozzarella sticks --$6 for four pinky-sized sticks? Come on. That's as much as half of a 14" pizza! 

I really want to see the locally-operated restaurants in this area succeed, but unless this one makes some heavy-handed adjustments, I don't see it surviving the year.Ǿ
Had a nice dinner with personal pizzas. Had the Persian pizza it's fantastic.  The onion rings were the best onion rings I've had, so sweet. Service was fantastic as well.