Ordered swordfish.  Free appetizers all you can eat chips and salsa.  Drink- 3 amigo. 

Pros- swordfish is delish and well balanced with rice and asperrigous.  Chips are unlimited.  3 amigo is my favorite drink now.  5 stars.  

Cons- salsa was too spicy. Portion was less than expected.  Service was acceptable, but slightly higher in price.  3 stars.笑
Had a great dinner with family and friends here last night. I felt the it is really worth 5 stars but 3 other people in my party were not as impressed.

The shrimp appetizer was a bit weird. Otherwise they make fresh guacamole at your table just the way you like it. I would get that alone as a starter next time. 

The food is made to be gourmet mexican...and they deliver. The stew was amazing as was the crab enchiladas.  When you walk in don't be afraid to look at other peoples dishes. Very social atmosphere.  It is pretty classy but casual at the same time. 

I will definitely be back here. I think because they do have fancy interesting takes on classical mexican dishes. .it can catch people off guard. 

Oh and the service was great! So was the desserts!! And yes I mean desserts :-)笑
Hands down one of the best Happy Hours in town! I can kick myself twice for procrastinating writing this review as I've been at least 10 times! I can honestly say that I've consistently experience five star customer service each and every time! For starters you can't go wrong with almost anything on the menu! Everything is freshly prepared and made so good! The happy hour house margaritas will kick your but! The fact that I don't have to drive allll the way down to the strip to enjoy a great happy hour is seriously a plus! This place is on my top happy hour list in Summerlin followed by kona grill! The freshly made guacamole is amazing and you can have them make it hot if spicy is your thing! Quesadillas are amazing!! The ahi tuna tacos are a knock out! And lastly the ceviche is probably some of the best I've had! I shall continue to dine here and refer many of my friends and family!笑
Cantina Laredo is located inside the Tivoli Village, a beautiful open space with cobblestone streets and architecture made to look like you're walking in a small town in Italy, complete with a giant fountain.  Nice little shops, restaurants', a cafe, a cigar bar and it's newest tenant...the "Authentic" Mexican Food restaurant Cantina Laredo.

The "cantina" also boasts a nice a outdoor eating area with pre-lit trees glistening in various colors to put you in the mood for a fiesta.  

The decor inside is sleek modern and upscale, such a contradiction when juxtaposed with our enchilada dish which aesthetically was a mess...we all know that we eat with our eyes first and if you saw the sad entree on my plate you would have thought your  angry mother-in-law served it up.

Here's a run-down on my Enchilada Plate:
No garnish! No slices of avocado, no sour cream, no lettuce, no tomatoes, no nothin'!
Bland!  I've had better TV dinners! 
Cheap Cheddar Cheese barely sprinkled on top! What no Cotija? Ugh!
An ugly brown sauce that looked gross 
My entree was served on a tiny plate...fit more for a slice of cake
The entree looked like they just slapped everything together.    
This Chef should be embarassed sending out that enchilada plate that looked like this!

I did order the flautas and those were good. I actually enjoyed the creamy sauce and the pico garnish. Eye pleasing too.

We sat at the bar and had our dinner.  

The service at the bar gets five stars.  The Baretnders/Waiters were super friendly and attentive and the margaritas were very good.  

I would absolutely still come back because I know an enchilada plate can be fixed but outstanding service is hard to come by.

Sorry Chef, but you need to fix this Enchilada hot mess!  Every picture on Yelp should look like a mouth-watering masterpiece to lure people in...Then it better taste like one!笑
We've heard good and bad things, but wanted to check it out for ourselves.

Went on a weekday evening, noticed the patio area to the left...asked the hostess to sit there and she directed us to the other patio on the right. Still nice, but was loud...music and singing from the bar or restaurant next door.

Ordered the ceviche and the blood orange sangria to start. Both great, although if you don't care for olives ask to have them removed. The blood orange sangria was great!

For dinner we ordered the chicken and barbacoa tacos. Both had good flavor, not great, but was definitely expensive. 3 "street" tacos, small bed of rice and small bed of beans...for $17 it didn't seem reasonable.

I don't recall our servers name although he was good, he did have to yell...since it was loud, not his fault but definitely something the hostess and management should consider before seating patrons on that patio. My only gripe with the server is he disappeared...and from what it looked like to the other patio...maybe they had him serving there as well?

Driving from Silverado Ranch to Tivoli to go there again just doesn't seem worth it. Maybe if we lived in the area...but won't be going back anytime soon.笑
BEST HAPPY HOUR IN TOWN!!!! be careful though the margaritas are so addicting! This place is great after work. Haven't had anything off of their regular menu. The food is okay. Chips and salsa are delicious!笑
Had lunch today food was great, including chips and salsa.  Our waitress Claudia was very nice and attentive.笑
Yes, I also attended the soft opening.  Everyone there was excited and so friendly.  The actual grand opening is tomorrow so it will be interesting to see how they did.  

We just had to try the guacamole made at the table - the guac-chick was awsome.  They give you all kinds of options while preparing it.  It was fantastic....needed a little salt for my taste but pretty darn good.  Chips light and crispy-homemade.  Salsa just ok.

For entrees we ordered a chicken salad, steak pablano pepper and pork tacos.  All delish!  The chicken salad was full of flavor.  The steak pablano pepper (not sure if that was what it was called) was great.  The pepper stuffed with cheese, shrimp, onions and mushrooms sandwiched by a thin steak.  Wow.  Really wow.  Yum.  The tacos were good and flavorfull too.  My daughter ordered the corn dog (haha-kids) which they served honey mustard with which I thought was weird. lol  

The decor was very blah.  They sat us in the back facing a wall with nothing on it. Odd kind of ambiance.  Kadence was our waitress-she was fabulous!  Like I said everyone was fantastic-on their best behavior still learning everything and getting to know each other but seemed like a good future team. ;)

The best thing was the BROWNIE!  They said it takes SIX yes SIX hours to make!  What???  They prepare the brownie with some kind of cream sauce and ice cream on a skillet right at your table.  Unbelievable!  It sounded like alot of their desserts were specially made like that - at the table.  Very "special" kind of dessert.  I only planned to have a couple bites...uh yeah that didnt happen.  hahah  Bet you would say the same and change that thought.

3 stars because they are not opened yet.  We will have to try it one more time to see.  The prices seem a little high-well some on them.  Our bill would have been about $90 with a margarita and a glass of wine.  Its worth a shot at least once.   Not sure when we will be back but if we do I will update this review.  Cheers!笑
Sit at the bar! Eduardo is quick and has the best recommendations! Ahi tuna tacos are delicious笑
What a gorgeous day to stop in for a nice lunch break. Carlos welcomed me immediately with a smile and some chips and salsa. I come to Tivoli often and love the energy that Carlos always has. Today I was unsure what to have for lunch and Carlos mentioned some of his favorite dishes which sounded perfect for my lunch today! Thank you Carlos for being so attentive! You rock!笑
Their  Happy Hour is great.  My husband and I really enjoyed ourselves here.  The specials are pretty decent.  We had the ceviche for a snack and it was delicious as well as half off the regular price.  We will be back.  The bartenders and waiters were very friendly and attentive.  Not really fond of the modern decor, but that's just my taste.  Very glad to find a new Happy Hour place that I feel comfortable in.....笑
The happy hour time and menu selections are good. The chips and salsa were good but nothing to rave about. I had theor mini crabcakes and steak flatbreads that were really tasty. However, I cant give the place more stars b/c the margaritas were terrible. We ordered 6 different margaritas but finished only 2. They were very syruppy and sweet. Ill probably go back to try their dinner menu but not their drinks笑
Second time dinning here for Sunday brunch on the patio. Best omelette I've ever had and you can't beat the free mimosa! However, the service both times has been sub-par. With that said, we'll continue to come back because the prices are great, atmosphere is beautiful, and the good is delicious!笑
Chef Damon knows what he's doing in the kitchen! The food is amazing! Too bad I always fill up on the chips and salsa, they're addicting! Everything on the menu is bomb, you can't go wrong here笑
Cantina Laredo is a great TEX MEX style restaurant- that is important. Many of the negative reviews look like they were expecting southern California style Mexican food (Baha) with grilled fish tacos and 4 lbs of avocado on everything- THIS IS NOT THAT KIND OF PLACE. I originally went to a Cantina Laredo in Dallas a few years ago and this is pretty much exactly the same (although a little fancier inside).

That being said it is a pretty legit restaurant- if you have tried to eat Mexican in Las Vegas you probably have seen its a desert wasteland of options. Cantina Laredo is a little pricier than most (about 20$ minimum per person) but is pretty good food and service wise.

There is both a self park lot and valet -the valet stand is right across the round about from Cantina Laredo. The lot is not very far away but after you get Mex-ecuted at a big meal the walk begins to look more like a death march- I highly recommend valet.


The Food- Like I said , its Tex-Mex so order accordingly (fajitas for instance) . Start the meal off with some cheese dip or Guac- both are very good - and its one of the few places I have found in Vegas where you can actually get queso DIP instead of queso fundido- an item that should only be served to particularly hard to crack Guantanamo detainees. The regular salsa they bring you with the chips is OK but nothing special. 

Fajitas- this is a pretty big amount of food for one person- if you tend to eat a lot of chips or order an appetizer you can easily get by splitting this for two people. The steak comes in larger than usual fajita pieces which I like as it generally means the meat is less dried out/overcooked in the middle. The chicken- who knows cause I would never order chicken fajitas this is America.

Drinks- most of the mixed drinks come a little too sweet for my tastes so I get some lime pieces and make sure and add some more lime juice. Other than that the margaritas on a scale of 1-Mesa Grill are about a 7.笑
Been here twice-- First time was okay and second time was a disaster. Service was horrible and the food was terrible. How do you screw up a salad?? Will not be returning to this place.笑
Carlos was working fast & hard during lunch. He was so busy & still took time to give us great service. We will definitely come back to see him!! Food is good too!!       Rod & Bri笑
The prices and food makes this one of my favorite place places to eat during happy hour.

My only complaint is the rice and ambiance. I always judge how 'good' of a Mexican place by their rice and beans. The rice tastes like Spicy Uncle Ben's. I HATE when restaurants use instant rice. 

Secondly, it's too quiet in there. The bar is the only lively area. Music is desperately needed in all areas.

The prices on the regular menu are a bit high, too. The food does not dissapoint but, its not as enjoyable when youre paying that much. Other than that, definitely a cantina to try.笑
My sister and I were out and about and I have been starving. I was ready to pass out, good thing they gave us chips and salsa. I was not hungry for Mexican food since I wasn't feeling well anyway. I just wanted some fries. We ordered quesadillas al cangrejo, asada y enchilada and torta de carnitas.

Chips & Salsa:
The chips were warm, thin and crispy. They were awesome. We had 2 dipping sauces: one spicy, one medium spicy. 4/5

Quesadillas al Cangrejo:
3 quesadillas stuffed with lump crab, goat cheese and topped with mango ginger salsa. This was a nightmare on a plate for me since I'm allergic to shellfish and I'm lactose intolerant. Since I was already sick, I had a small bite anyway. The quesadilla itself was nice, soft and fluffy. The goat cheese and mango add tartness to the crab. I wouldn't worry about this dish since they were pulling it off the menu that day. 2/5

Asada y Enchilada:
Grilled skirt steak with marinated onions, rice topped with tomatillo sauce. This is something I would somewhat enjoy if I wasn't sick. The steak was pretty tender and flavorful but it's not one of the best asadas I've ever had. 3/5

Torta de Carnitas:
Griddle-baked sandwich with slow-roasted pork, apricot spread and chipotle aioli. It comes with a side of fries. Yay, something I could eat! The slow-roasted pork was juicy and very mildly flavored. The apricot spread and chipotle aioli turned me off. I took 1-2 bites and ate some of the fries. 2/5

If you want Gringo Mexican food, this place might work for you. I've had better food and paid less money somewhere else.笑
Cantina Laredo has a great happy hour, and some great drinks.  The cheesy/meat dip on the happy hour menu is dangerously good.  I also had some fancy mojitos that were also super bomb.  I'm pretty picky when it comes to Salsa, and theirs is great.笑
Love this restuarant!  Not many places in Vegas for good mexican food, but this place is awesome!  Very comforting and inviting atmosphere.  Great happy hour specials, and my fav half off wine Wednesday!  Great service and very yummy food!  Ahi tuna tacos are delish!笑
Service is slow and very absent tonight. Been here 45 minutes still haven't ordered food.笑
Today was my first time here and the place was great.  The Sangria was amazing!!!   Had the carnita tacos that were great in flavor.  I will definitely be back.笑
Cute place, like everything in Tivoli Village. Really great menu options, including vegetarian which really appealed to me. Two enchilada options I noticed were spinach/mushroom, and avocado/artichoke which is the choice I made. I think I had maybe 2 pieces of artichoke and 3 avocado slices. Instead they were filled with green chiles and jalapeños which I was not expecting. I was disappointed in that because I was really looking forward to some avocado cheesy goodness!! :( . The black beans served on the side however were really flavorful and delicious. I also ordered their signature margarita which was very good, very fresh tasting, not syrupy like some can be. Service was great, attentive, my water glass was always full, so good job there. Overall just not super impressed with the food!笑
Love Cantina Laredo! Friendly staff, great food, fantastic drinks, and prices are better than their competition. The manager is so friendly and makes sure everything is right. Great outside fire pit!!!笑
Ahi tuna tacos are very fresh and tasty. Alex at the bar is hella good peeps! Definitely stop by and knock back a margarita or two... If you are adventurous... A shot ot two of tequila is an excellent way to start an evening! MUY BUENO!!笑
So we came here for the food and wine festival and it was a huge let down ... they didn't have anything pre arranged for this event. They had alot of people specifically for this event and they didn't even have set drinks ( mimosa/bloody Mary's) pre poured so there were unnecessary lines for drinks !! The food I've been waiting over an hour for food from the kitchen. They do have a buffet but it basically had eggs fruit and biscuits ... not very well rounded. The execution was terrible so it will be a long time before I come here for another food and wine festival !!笑
I sat at the bar tonight. The bartenders are super attentive and quick to offer a drink and food menu.  

The chips are served warm which I love. The bartender recommended 3 tacos. ( steak, chicken and pastor) I ate the steak.... But the other 2sat with one bite out. Way to BBQ!!!!! Ended up not eating. for a mexican restaurant the tacos tasted very americanized.  

For a drink I went with the recommendation of a strawberry mojito. Gross !!!!!!!! Bar bistro has the best in town.  

after the bartender saw that i ate only one taco, she quickly took the plate and tried to just drop the check.... really????? 

i doubt i will return. they are quick to sell and be friendly and then just act rude.笑
The service is usually really great. I say that because only 1 night have I questioned this and it was a party of 20+. The food is great and comes out very fast. The location can not be beat, who doesn't love the Tivoli Village area? They have a margaritas with a beer and a shot attached which can creep on you so be cautious when ordering this stinger.  Enjoy a lovely evening under the stars or indoors. We personally love their patio.笑
I tried to order a whole Tres Leches cake from this restaurant for my husbands birthday because he loves the cake.  Their rate to me for the cake was $160.  Instead of making a decent profit on selling the whole cake at a reasonable markup,  they make nothing and they lose a weekly customer and any and all future recommendations.  It was absolutely a ridiculous price to charge and the girl on the phone could care less.笑
This review is for the Happy Hour only.  Server and bartender seemed overwhelmed and unprepared for how busy it was.  HH special "CasaRita" took forever to arrive and was the worst margarita I've ever had :( -- so salty as to be undrinkable and no discernible tequila.  HH tacos were good but we were charged full price so more time wasted sending the bill back for corrections.  
Maybe try this place when it is *not* Happy Hour???笑
I've been looking for a spot to have happy hour on my days off and I just found it!!.. Food is amazing and the drinks were just on point!!!!! Eduardo our bartender was just amazing, drinks were just made right and his service was just impeccable!! I felt super spoiled like no other!.. Definitely coming back just to see him!!笑
Didn't have a great experience here. We stopped in for a quick little after-work function for food and drinks. Service was absolutely terrible. Couldn't get seated within 10 minutes, and it wasn't like the place was bombarded with customers (we later found out why).

After the first round of drinks came, literally 2 of the drinks were not even the right drink. Mine was just fine, but I ordered a beer, so that's relatively difficult to mess up.

The waitress took what I might call a 'long time,' to come back with the correct drinks and to check to see if everything else was okay. The tipping point, however, didn't come until the waitress was dropping off an additional round of drinks and knocked over my beer completely drenching my side of the table. After she made a half-hearted attempt to apologize, I believe we made like a banana and split.

Might be awhile before we return.笑
Lovely dinner with family, 8 of us. They gave us a separate room which allowed us to talk. Waiter was great, not overbearing but didn't ignore us.  The chef came out after we ate to see if we liked the food, which we did. I have never been disappointed at Cantina Laredo.  This is a classy restaurant that doesn't break the bank.笑
Delicious food, portion sizes is just enough and very tasty. The restaurant is quaint we sat outside to enjoy the scenery. I will definitely return.笑
Came here for lunch with my friend and had the enchilada espinaca and it was delish!! I would love to try the table side guac next time too,笑
Classy place, very nice, drinks are cold as ice, literally, and the tequila is perfect, so many choices too.  Happy hour is a great little fun drinky time.   Plus the food gets a solid rating. Service is a 10!   Always great to discover a new hideout noone knows about that is calm, chill, and just what the doctor and the attorney ordered for me.   Tequila, beer, and tacos, that always solves the weeklong blues.笑
Usually this place is awesome and we have no problems, but this time was different. :( We sat outside because it was a beautiful evening. First, they told us we couldn't get the fresh guac cart outside, so that was a bummer. Then, both of my parents ordered their meals without onions, and they both came completely loaded with onions. My mom sent her dish back and it came back with onions still on it. My dad wanted to order something else and asked for the menu and they never brought it out. My mom finally just ordered a different dish and it took forever to come out. By then my dad was practically filled up by their complimentary chips and salsa. I even had to wait quite a while just to get a refill on my water. My mom's third and final dish was good, but they forgot the queso it was supposed to come with. At that point we didn't even bother pointing it out. My boyfriend and I had already been done eating for 20+ minutes. Our food was good, and we ate it while it was still hot. The manager came by, but he basically just told us that the meal my dad had ordered earlier was prepped with onions prior to being cooked, so they couldn't take them out. One would think that if someone requests for their entire meal to have no onions that they would tell them that it already has onions in it that cannot be removed.? When my mom finally finished her meal, it took another 15 minutes for them to come back outside to check on us again and clear the table. After all of this, we still ended up having to pay $79. It even took forever for them to pickup the check so we could pay and leave. Hopefully next time we come in the food come out right the first time and the service will pick up some speed.笑
Came here for drinks and guacamole as we saw good reviews on both. Our expeditions we're exceed 10 folds. Our server Lilly was amazing. Recommended our drinks and spent a great deal of time with us. I will be back (often)!笑
First off this was my third time here and I did not pick the locale for the Ladies Who Lunch munch, as my two previous visits would never warrant a return for a third shot.  But I dummy up and defer; all the while repeating a please don't suck mantra with my inside voice and  hoping three's a charm rather than three strikes you're out.

I'm the only one drinking and I'm pretty jazzed about sucking down some post-morning mojitos.  It can only lend to my magical thinking and help me ignore the do you think she might need a liver transplant in the future glances from my comrades.  What arrives is a very attractive Mojito complete with fresh perky mint, but alas, all style and no substance with its artificial lime undertone, the liver can go to someone else.

What we picked, shared and compared:

The Top Shelf Guacamole prepared table side.  After much ferreting, poking, probing into this mushy mound I though I heard a faint whisper.  Can you taste me now? What about now?  Umm, that would be a NO!  Bland and tasteless through and through.

Beef & Chicken Combination Fajitas.  A pretty plate of more banal and tasteless food (chicken that tasted as if it had been boiled first); except for the horrid overcooked and sour tasting rice, which was pathetically terminal, not worth saving and best left to science.

Torta De Pollo.  Nothing to say as there was nothing to taste.  Did Sysco not deliver spices this week?

Chimichanga De Pollo Poblano.  The best of the lot, but not by much.  More than half is sitting in my fridge and destined to be sent to the dumpster or Smithsonian. 

Nice enough decor, pleasant enough service, but than doesn't save the third epic food fail.

Three strikes!  Out!  Game done!  Series over!笑
Great service and always amazing food! Chef Damon is a genius. Try the ahi tuna tacos, they've got a unique flavor and the blend of the tuna, guacamole, pickled onions and sauce is perfect! Watermelon margarita is my favorite, not too sweet and strong enough to knock your socks off after a couple. Never miss a chance of table side guacamole, it's made to order right in front of you and exactly how you like it and from there choose any entree. I have more than enough good things to say about cantina Laredo but the most important one is to go try it!笑
Food is good here.  Service is good as well.  Nothing great or special, nothing bad. Fairly average Mexican joint.笑
I should know better than to go out for upscale Mexican. That's like going out for fancy Chinese food -- 99% of the time it leads to nothing but utter disappointment. Cantina Laredo was no exception. It's a great looking spot in Tivoli Village with a cozy patio, but the service and food were a letdown.

I heard guacamole is made tableside. Except maybe if you're dining on the patio? Our order was hastily dropped off by another server/food runner. It wasn't bad and was a large enough portion to feed four. Tuna tacos were ok, but surprisingly bland, minus the guac and red onions. The casarita margarita tasted watered down and wasn't nearly as strong as it should have been. My wife's salad suffered from mushy mangos and soggy greens. But at least the shrimp was good.

I was happy to hear that I could mix and match a taco platter. Unfortunately, these tacos made me crave one found at much cheaper taquerias (Tacos el Gordo anyone?). The barbacoa was my favorite with it's smokey flavor. The carnitas wasn't any better than what I can make at home and the al pastor was average. They would have been good coming from a home cook, but from an upscale restaurant... I expected more.

Our server may have been busy, but slow service is slow service. We didn't get napkins and silverware until after our appetizers showed up -- and we had to ask for them. No offers to refill our drinks until after we were done eating. Our server vanished after we got our food and didn't show up until fifteen minutes after we were done eating. There may or may not have been a good reason for the poor service, but it was bad enough to create a negative dining experience and forced me to do something I haven't done in a couple years... give less than a twenty percent tip. And, ultimately it means there's zero chance of me returning.笑
This is my new favorite Mexican restaurant in Vegas! The food in incredible, margaritas are delicious and the prices are fantastic. Best of all the service is spot on. I will definitely be coming back!笑
Food is decent but WAY overpriced. Two very small street tacos for around $12. For how slow they are, they are surprisingly understaffed. We had to constantly flag someone down for refills or even to place food orders. The best things on the menu are the desserts. Every single one is great. Great atmosphere. It's a super cute restaurant. Just poorly ran and overpriced.笑
Dined here yesterday for lunch/happy hour. 

While the server was friendly, the bar was understaffed which amounted to horrendous service. We were not in a rush, but it took nearly two hours to complete our experience. We had two drinks each, guacamole, one appetizer each, and the apple pie dessert. It was entirely unreasonable for everything to take so long. If you are advertising a happy hour, you should expect a crowd and staff your restaurant accordingly.

The food was, in averaging everything, acceptable. Guacamole was terrible. Flatbread was good. Apple pie dessert was excellent. I would have returned to try other items if not for the rest of my experience.

After several hours, I came down with food poisoning. While I dine out often, this was only the second time in my life that I have had food poisoning. I am sorely disappointed in this restaurant, will not be returning, and will be sure to warn others not to dine here.笑
I wish I could give this place 4.5 stars, not only because the food and service were both excellent, but because I'm very excited that there is finally a decent Mexican restaurant in Summerlin. I had the fish tacos and my girlfriend had the cheese enchiladas (which inexplicably comes with chile con carne on top - she opted for the delicious but spicy tomatillo sauce instead). My tacos were flavorful and juicy, and they were grilled, not fried, which I loved. The picked onions on top were yum yum.  Complimentary chips were light and crunchy and the salsas were tasty. We each had a margarita which were made with fresh squeezed juices and a VERY healthy pour of tequila. Hopefully they keep this up! I thought the room and bar area were lovely and understated, with plenty of natural light.  Our server (Cesar) was great - we got lots of attention and copious drink refills. Overall, lunch was a big thumbs-up.....we will certainly be back to try other menu items and take advantage of the happy hour margaritas...笑
The food was what I expected because my friends recommended that I come here, and the margaritas were good. The atmosphere was lively, so it is a great place to go with family and/or friends. The menu is also priced right, so feel free to try an appetizer, entree, and dessert. I have to admit, I didn't know what to order so I read my fellow Yelper's reviews for suggestions. Thanks guys! You were right, the fish tacos rock! Although the service was on the slow side because it was busy, our waitress, Claudia, made every effort to check on us. Once we were able to place our order, the food came fairly quickly. The portions were smaller than what I'm used to for a Mexican restaurant, but the flavor made up for it. I was very satisfied and full. The fresh chips and salsa placed on the table when we arrived helped. Thanks for making sure we stay fabulous and fit Cantina Laredo! I will definitely be back because I love Mexican Food!笑
I've been here three times now and each time is better and better! From the spectacular and friendly service to the delectable food. I am obsessed and addicted to lime cilantro rice! Anytime I come to Vegas, this is  MUST for me to do! It's just not a memorable Vegas excursion without eating here and drinking delicious margaritas.笑
Disappointed with the service and the time it took to be served. Food was mediocre, lacked flavor and a bit dry...(chicken quesadilla, mahi-mahi tacos, fajitas). I prefer authentic mexican food...Leticia's in NorthWest. 
I expected more from Laredo Cantina...we weren't greeted with a smile, the server didn't refill our drinks, we had to wave him down a few times. The prices were decent however the portions were very small. I highly recommend for you to go elsewhere. Cafe Rio or Leticia's...Oooh Yeah!笑
Like my fellow Yelp reviewer, Norm, said...I should've listened to my fellow Yelpers about this place. I didn't really have a choice because it was a co-workers going away happy hour. 

We had quite a large party of people showing up at intermittent times. Our party in total was about 15-20 people. 

They kinda corralled us into an outside fire-pit area. As more people showed up, we struggled with finding seating, so everyone was just kind of standing around. Quite a few of our co-workers showed up with their children. I was a little surprised that they did not even try to accommodate the mothers of our group. 

Our server was absolutely terrible. As more people showed up, he didn't even bother asking for their orders and we have to wave him down multiple times. He simply did not take the initiative to take any orders at all. He barely spoke as well. He was very unfriendly (he had a sour look on his face the entire time) and seemed inconvenienced and annoyed by us. It took forever to even get a couple drinks, and when we did get them, the beer wasn't even cold. 

I'm not even going to comment on the food, because I was so annoyed with the service that's the only thing I can remember. The only reason I'm not giving this place one star is because the overall atmosphere of Tivoli Village as a whole is enjoyable. It's just a shame that this place doesn't hire the people to compliment that.笑
Slow service, guac made at your table that tastes like plastic and so so food.  We gave it a couple of tries but won't be back.笑
Food is good! A little pricy, but good. Waiter is probably one of the best in Las Vegas: Miguel!!笑
As a continuation of a Saturday afternoon drink/food fest, we decided to drive a quick 5 minutes away and visit Cantina Laredo in Tivoli Village.  To our surprise, they had a happy hour going on.  Please be advised that it is only in the bar.

For the happy hour, the margaritas were half off and so were the beers.  I just got a Pacifico but it was cheap!  Our tables decided to get a bunch of different appetizers.  Oh, I almost forgot!  If you check in on Foursquare (after checking into Yelp of course!), your table will get a free queso!

What I really love is the unlimited chips and salsa that the staff brings to your table.  I was very appreciative of that.  The chili con queso (usually $7.85) was a little runny but the flavor was awesome!  It came in a soup bowl and fed us for a long time!  Try taking the tortilla chips and dipping it into that.  It's total bomb diggity :)  Our table also got a few chicken and pork tacos, as well as chicken fajitas nachos al carbon for $10.  It was a full plate of the chicken, melted cheese peppers and goodness!  The chicken tacos or Taco De Pollo for $9.45 was Fajita chicken with avocado, pico de gallo, queso fresco and poblano drizzle.  It was packed with a lot of flavor!  Avocado is creamy and chunky and the pico de gallo offers a light taste with fresh ingredients.  The Tacos De Carnitas for $10.05 includes Slow-roasted pork with chipotle wine sauce.  I love slow roasted shredded pork.  So much flavor.  So much juice.  On point!

All in all, this place was a great time!  Since the outside area is so inviting and close to the bar, I would maybe suggest to extend the happy hour to that area.  That would make this place perfect!  No matter, I will be back!笑
This is by far my favorite Mexican restaurant in Las Vegas! Mexican is my favorite style of food and the modernized menu here is mouth watering. I have brought just about all of my family and friends and not one disappointed tummy yet. It is reasonably priced and has an interesting vibe.笑
We've been there twice in the last week, and both times ordered exactly the same thing, recommended by our server; the Camaron Poblano Asada, a Grilled steak over a poblano pepper with shrimp, mushrooms, onions and monterey jack cheese, on chimichurri sauce.   

Being light eaters, we split the dinner, and then each ordered a Perfect Patrón Rita, an excellent drink.   The total bill comes out to about $50, and it's great food and great atmosphere.  Sit outside in the evenings, and soak up the live music from the cigar bar next door.

We had super service both times, and I love their light, crisp and thin tortilla chips.笑
This is our favorite restaurant in town by far. Always great food, drink and friendly service. Every visitors we have from out of town we bring there to enjoy the great food!笑
Very good but needs to make fresh tortillas and rice i love the guakamole:)笑
Came here for happy hour on a Saturday. Ordered the queso fundido, shrimp and pineapple flatbread, and the chicken tacos. The food was outstanding, and the service was very good and the restaurant is a nice modern place. My experience was one of a kind. I would definitely come here again!笑
CARLOS! WORST BARTENDER EVER!!!!!!! If you sit at the bar with this guy you are a HUGE inconvenience for him! With only 2 other people sitting at the bar it will still take him 5 minutes to even acknowledge you! You have to get up numerous times and actually go to him if you need anything! We have unfortunately dealt with this same bartender twice now and each visit was sadly the same. We have always continued coming back because they do have decent food and we love the bartenders Edward and Enrique. But now the last few times it's been this Carlos guy and we will no longer come back. Management might want to do something before he runs all your customers away!笑
It's been a while since we've been here and it will probably be a while before we come back. The food was just okay, nothing memorable, nothing great. The service was just okay. A pet peeve of mine is not offering appetizer or dessert plates, especially when sharing an appetizer and dessert.

I had the enchiladas veracruz. It tasted...well..."healthy" although I don't think that was their intent. The tomatillo sauce was too light, almost like a broth, so there was hardly any flavor. The chicken was bland, the vegetables were bland. The salsa was my favorite part of the meal.笑
Had the tacos Barbacoa and I have to say it was void of any flavor. Too many onions!!  The cinco margarita was strong but did not enjoy it. Glad I got it for $5 instead of $11. Our server was Lisa and she was upbeat and very personable. She was the best part of the experience.笑
The food was terrible and very poor quality.  The "beef" enchiladas were disgusting with their horrible ground beef and chilly poured on top.  It was NO where close to authentic Mexican food.  The Mole was very bland.  The food did NOT justify the high prices. I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.  I will Not eat here again!!笑
Always easy to get a table. Staff is super friendly.  I love the enchiladas de mole, which I consistently order at least once a week. Recently I tried the mango chicken salad and it was absolutely amazing. Definitely go here!笑
Incredible service! So happy we stopped here. The portions for the fajitas are big, and could feed two. On the other hand, the ahi tacos are three smaller tacos and perfect for that fit woman in your life. Atmosphere is great for having conversations (I hat places that are too loud) and the price for everything was just right.笑
My favorite (modern) Mexican dining spot.  Healthy options, incredible desserts and a great atmosphere.  Fish tacos, table side guacamole, chips and the sizzling brownie are incredible.  But if you're looking for "hole in the wall" authentic, this is not the place :)笑
I was only here for drinks, but wow!  I don't even know what this drink was called- it was some sort of fruity margarita that came with a coconut popcicle.  A messy drink, to be sure, but delicious!  The outdoor seating area is beautiful on a nice night, and the service was great as well.  I'm looking forward to returning and trying the food!笑
Very fun live atmosphere, happy hour is great, (both drinks and food) inexpensive but still high quality. The crowd is a nice mixture of younger and older people.  They make the guacamole fresh at the table fresh avocados, tomatoes etc it is delicious . Highly recommended !!!!笑
This place is not a cantina, it's more like a contemporary place to eat,it's in Tivoli village do I need to say more ? Ok the food was ok not very spice our server was Lisa she was nice but I felt like I was on the lunch rush, three of us were at the table she had our drinks ice tea and soda yes flowing and I can't say if she ask how are meal was,my food was cold I had the tacos carnitas my friends had warm food,so we are eating and Lisa asked if we would like another bowl of chips,Yes , so I'm done three tacos and mind you on a 6 inch corn tortilla with not even spanish rice it kinda look like it but no taste and black beans I'm mexican why couldn't I have the option of refried beans, we had to ask if the dinner came with it I didn't see it on the menu if it stated it, so I'm working on the second bowl of chips while my friends were finishing there meal and Lisa comes and starts to clear the table,I got chips in my hand, I didn't want to cause trouble because I know I won't be going back and they didn't even play cantina music.笑
6th time here as a Vegas visitor and unfortunately as much as I want to live this place, the service is just such a negative.  Decent margaritas, good chips 'n salsa, nice table side guacamole (tho's it's evident it's not the servers favorite thing to do). However, the service is a major detractor. One behind the bar during happy hour, and as it filled up she quickly got frazzled and we had to ask for every little thing, napkins under our drinks, a set up etc. Same story all the other times, staff is friendly but in attentive to customers needs and not good at checking in to see if anything else needed. We always leave frustrated wishing it could be a better experience. Upgrade and train the staff on the importance of good customer service and this place will go far.笑
My favorite happy hour place. Good margaritas and food, I've come a few times and each time I'm reminded of what makes this place a gem. Yesterday we had a large group which they perfectly accommodated us on the patio near the back so it was a private section. Our server Jaclyn was amazing and quick. Thanks for being a great place to entertain at.笑
I always enjoy going here.  Service is fine, not rushed, but not too slow.  I get the enchilada with vegies and spinach.  Very good, healthy and consistent.   Chips are good but the two salsa are almost the same to me.  Drinks are good.   It is not your usual beans and rice 8$ plate place, and that is what makes it good.笑
I LOVE Cantina Laredo! Ive always had the BEST service there. Sometimes my friends and I will go there just for drinks and we have had the same bartender who has always made our time there an ENJOYABLE experience. Theres a drink called the bandera which is layered so it looks pretty cool. I am VEGAN and have gone there for brunch and have never been disappointed. The staff was KNOWLEDGEABLE about my dietary restrictions and helped me pick out some things I could have. I think I had veggie fajitas. It was really DELICIOUS! It came with a good deal of beans and rice too! More food than I could finish for sure! Its in Tivoli Village which I absolutely LOVE because its so pretty there. HIGHLY RECOMMEND笑
Cantina Laredo is a newer, modern, well-designed bar/restaurant that is best enjoyed on a warm (or even hot) spring or summer night - its open air bars and outdoor patios are its greatest assets.  One bar-height outdoor table that seats about 8 surrounds its own bar height fire pit and this is a great find (they'll take reservations for it) when you want something special with a group in the evening. 

This is not typical mexican food - they call it "modern mexican" and that it is.  Fusion Mexican might be another way to say it.  Don't come for slathered enchilada or giant Burritos.  This food is more delicate.  I'd say this is better as an "eat in the bar" spot than a restaurant (where ambiance is best), unless you get one of their outdoor tables (there are lots).  The bar area can be very charming when all the doors/bar areas are open and the warm breezes are blowing.  Staff is always great and friendly.  Food is ok, not much to write home about with the exception of the Ahi Tuna Tacos that are one of their most popular items.  I am addicted. They do also serve "Skinny Margaritas" which is a plus for those of us who don't want all the sugar found in a typical margarita mix and table side guacamole is a good choice. Great happy hour, btw - most appetizers at half price as well as all margaritas, and they have an all day HH on Saturdays until 5pm...And those great Ahi Tuna Tacos are on that HH menu.  Great early Saturday evening spot - to slip in there just as HH is ending, and grab a seat at the bar before the crowds arrive.  Like most Summerlin area restaurants the crowd is 35-60, with an emphasis on the older end,  mix of young families and few groups of 20 & 30-somethings.笑
This is a tough one. I arrived for a birthday party on 2/10/16 and told the hostess as much. She told me that there was a birthday party in the bar section as well as in the restaurant area. I looked around for my friends with no luck. Immediately, I assumed I must have had the wrong date or location, so I called the person who scheduled the partly. Lo and behold, they were outside. The hostess made no mention of that possibility and just let me sit around waiting for several minutes. Awkward!

Fast forward to finally being seated with my group and Edward, who is AMAZING, made up for the hostess' "I don't really care about my job" attitude. He saved the evening. The food he suggested and the service he provided were perfect. He had his hands full with a group of rowdy ladies and handled it like a champ. Give that man a raise.笑
Can't say I go out for "upscale" Mexican food often, but when I was sitting outdoor at Poppy Den, I saw Cantina Laredo's outdoor dining space and thought it would be a great place for a few drinks oh and some food too.   Anyway, came here with my husband and two dogs just before noon on a Monday.  I walked into the restaurant to ask for a table outside, but was shocked when the restaurant was completely empty, I thought it was still closed, but it wasn't. The host showed me a table outside, but we requested to be near railing to tie up the dogs and he happily let us to choose it. No bowl of water for the dogs, but that is ok...we had one.

We ordered a few glasses of wine which averaged $9/glass from a list of 12  wines..all decent and familiar.  The pour was atleast 6 oz., which is generous these days. Then I ordered the two appetizers for my lunch because they had the fewest carbs...ceviche and tuna mini tacos. My husband got one of the enchiladas entrees.   The ceviche was decent and fresh, but probably a bit salty for most people...I liked it, especially paired with my glass of Brut.  The tuna in my tacos was unexpectedly sweet, but with a little salsa and habanero sauce (we requested)...it tasted really good.  However, limiting my sugar and starch intake, my husband finished it off. He said his enchilada was solidly good, but said I make better enchiladas at home.  I did train him well.  

So why 4 stars?  Love dog friendly places, the price to portion to quality ratio was all good, and service was quick and attentive, but that could be because there were only 6 people in the entire restaurant. 

Let's see if the next time I come here my experience is just as good.笑
The food, drinks, and bartender Jose were amazing. They have  a great happy hour menu and the staff is very helpful. I always get the fish tacos when I'm there.笑
I come in all the time for the carne asada and sit at the bar. During the day the bartender is Carlos and for the last month that I have been eating lunch here he really goes up and beyond for my needs. He's super friendly!! I have had only 1 issue with the food and Lilly the manager went so Incredibly far and beyond for me. This place had outstanding food and service!!!!笑
I called a week and a half in advance to make a reservation at 6:30p and didn't get seated until almost an hour later! Every 10 min they said "5 more minutes". Finally we got seated.

I ordered Chicken Enchiladas and a Pina Colada. Both were so very delicious, I was very impressed. We also had the fresh made guacamole...and it was one of thee best guacamoles I've ever tasted!  Our Server was Eric H. and he was exceptional! He made up for the service as a whole. 

I plan on going back :)笑
My post might be a bit biased since I spent the entire night and next day in front my of toilet.  Not 100% sure the cause was the food here but aside from that, there was nothing here that would make me come back for.  The food is over priced and not special.

Ordered the al pastor tacos, which were just mediocre and when I had asked the waitress about whether the meat came from that huge vertical roasting stick she had no clue. (dont think it did since the meat was more of pulled pork style)笑
100% yummy in my tummy. Cesar took great care of us and the food was perfect. My mother and I never finish our food but tonight we made an exception. Flavor town hit us were it counts and we were down for the count.笑
Met a girlfriend for dinner.  We wanted to have a nice meal and a drink and sit outside.  The weather was just perfect with a slight breeze blowing.  There were not a lot of people on the patio so it was really relaxed.  What we didn't know is that Thursday nights are Ladies' nights.  The bar area was hopping with patrons.  I made a mental note to try that later.

We filled up on fresh guacamole and chips and then I had the appetizer Ahi Tuna mini tacos.  The mango margarita was strong so I only had one. The Tuna tacos and the mango margarita makes me a happy girl. 

Juan was our server and he was very helpful and attentive during our meal.  My friend needed to speak with the manager about corporate events and Juan brought him right over.  The manager was very accommodating and told us what he can offer to take care of a large group.  

It's good to note they have a glassed room for groups in the front of the restaurant which allows a lot of natural light in.  They can do a special menu for a group and can accommodate comfortably about 28 in that room.

Fun spot and great food.  I look forward to the next visit.笑
What happened to this place? A place known for good food and a good time is a shelter of its former self. No hostess showing up means that the customer should suffer. After our out of town guests and I spent time watching multiple staff members walk by snubbing us, a busser finally acknowledged us. We requested an outside table which we were denied because they "can't move tables outside." So we settled for an inside table. After 'changing' their happy hour listing from what was published on local websites and being told that there was no hh, we decided to continue on with despite the pricing difference. We were served chips and salsa and i guess that was fulfilling the restaurant experience in their minds. No waters or an appearance by anyone to bring drinks or take an order. After over 15 minutes of our mouths burning on the spicy salsa with no relief in sight, we were finally acknowledged by a staff member, but the damage was done and we were sick of waiting and on to Brio where we were greeted with waters around...novel idea I know.笑
Love the decor. Wait staff are super. Wow, the ribeye steak was seasoned nicely and cooked perfectly. The chips and salsa were very nice. There are items they have not on the menu. Just ask your wait staff. Yes, ribeye is not on the menu. Amazing place. Soups are great and the presentation is wonderful.笑
On a warm and windy night in Summerlin NV, enjoyed the fresh chips and salsa and the outside seating.Margaritas, fresh fish and ahi tuna tacos were excellent.  Located in the Tivoli Village which in itself is interesting.笑
I truly agree with several of the other reviews regarding service and food. I feel as though every time I go back to this restaurant in general it becomes more subpar. From the host to the server that we had it was terrible. We had to continually ask for drink refills as well as chips which we shouldn't have to do considering we had ordered the guacamole made at the table. The restaurant was not busy at all and they had plenty of servers so there is no excuse. The chicken that was on the fajitas was beyond dry. The fish on the fish tacos had no flavor. For good Mexican food in that area Pancho's is so much better which it appears people are finding out. It really is ashame because we spend a lot of time in Tivoli Village because of a kid program they have there. I definitely have seen an overall decline and it appears to be affecting business as they are now on Groupon and the restaurant never seems busy anymore. I doubt we will be coming back anytime soon unless the chain decides to employ new management to turn this particular location around.笑
Always came here for happy hour especially after a hard days work... Foods good' drinks are great... But the pass 2times we came, it was a let down... 1time... Busy happy hour but the hostess didn't look like she really wanted to help us, so off to Brio we went (great HH too) and now it's cinco de mayo it's 4:30p and busy but still no urgency from a hostess to try and accommodate you, and when we sat in the dinning side the waiter didn't feel accommodating when we said, we're just going to have drinks and get food at the tamale bar... May be the last time we walk in this place... Too bad, I have a big mouth and at the end of the day, customer service is everything to me...笑
They earn 2 stars for their chips and Salas's. Otherwise it was a 1 star experience. We asked for recommendations on the menu that were fish or vegetarian and the bartender had to look at the menu to make recommendations. This is a total turn off for me because I am a literate adult and am able to read the menu. The bartender went on to mess up our order and then ignore us in a nearly empty restaurant. The only saving grace was the chips and salsa. So much potential but terrible customer service.笑
Great authentic Mexican food, fresh table side guacamole is the best, and the margaritas are all made with fresh lime juice great tequila selection!!!!笑
Cantina Laredo has it all! A fun, relaxed ambiance, smiling and friendly staff, a tequila selection Mexico would be envious of, and most importantly the hands-down best Mexican food I've ever had in Vegas, both in presentation and taste. I've been here a number of times, but the first time was on recommendation of a friend. That friend got a hi-five and Cantina Laredo got an immediate regular. It's normally the first place I go when getting into Vegas. I've had a number of great meals and times here, but one sticks out in particular. I was visiting with a group a few months ago. I eat everything and had an insane lobster eggs benedict (or possibly huevos rancheros this time-I dream about those two dishes nightly), but my group consisted of two vegetarians and two vegans. The chef Damon came out to our table, ran down the different items on the menu for the group, citing what was vegetarian and how they prepared them all, then proceeded to make something entirely new and specific to the tastes of our vegans. He then came out to check on said meal and ask for their feedback! The meal was excellent all around, as expected, and service like that is what puts special restaurants in a league all their own. Cantina Laredo is definitely one of these special restaurants, I recommend it to EVERY single person that asks me for tips on places to go in Vegas, and if I'm in Vegas you can bet you'll find me there.笑
Absolutely amazing. The service and food are incredible, we make it a point to stop in here whenever we are in town and recommend to friends and family going to Vegas, especially for the happy hour. We always go in a large groups and they take wonderful care of us. I love it here!!笑
According to their sign they are "modern Mexican"...which basically means "same things as other Mexican restaurants except a fancier setting". Just kidding, that's not nice - there are several options on the menu that you wouldn't see at La Fiesta but let's not get carried away, it's not a new form of cuisine.

I was happy to find Mole Enchiladas on the menu since mole is friggin awesome! I wasn't super amped about these babies though...worth trying but the mole had a little too much tang to it and not enough depth of flavor. 

The guacamole should definitely be purchased. There is a guac-girl who comes around and makes it at your table. She'll use 1 and a half avocados and ramp up the spiciness however you like it. She also has cilantro in her ingredient cart which is yummy.

Service was subpar. Our waiter was not very attentive - seemed to have too many tables to deal with.笑
The area, Tivoli Village, is a nice atmosphere and upon walking in was greeted and seated. Our server, usually I remember...Adrian?, was very pleasant. We ordered the cantina roll as an appetizer. It wasn't as good as it sounded in the menu. It lacked flavor except for the chipotle aioli. We ordered three tacos each, six different altogether. I remember she got the barbacoa plus two others and they were gone pretty quick. She was hungry and said the barbacoa was the best. I got the fajitas, carnitas and chorizo con queso tacos. The chorizo was the best of the three, unfortunately I started with the fajitas taco which I really did not like. Something about the sour cream drizzle did not sit well.

I will give it another try soon and order some different things.笑
This is my 4th time coming here, foods great service is TERRIBLE!!! Sat on the patio and within 10 mins we received our dog which was delicious! Love love love spicy food and boy were my taste buds happy! Unfortunately after we ate flies started to sworn our table to get the left over uneaten food, server never checked on us, eventually because we were so full we just switched tables our original table never was cleared and after we got the bill at our new table server never questioned why we moved or apologize for not clearing the table...so will I come back? I'm not sure, terrible service can most defiantly kill a potentially great restaurant笑
I wish I could give this place a better rating, but only some of the food is pretty good. It's super inconsistent in each meal.

Each time I've been here I've had the same experience with the chips: they are TERRIBLE. Super cheap and thin, they are super fragile, and they taste kind of like those really cheap crappy chips you buy from the bargain rack at a grocery store in bulk. The chips are just awful. Which is a shame! Because the chili con queso, while still tasting kind of cheap and crappy, tastes good. And the salsas are really good! I just have to load them onto these totally crap chips.  

Last time I was here I had some fajitas with chicken and jack cheese and bacon. I forget the name, but it was really delicious. Unfortunately, the rice and beans that come with it taste like they're just bulk-bought at a supermarket. The rice is kind of flavorless and the beans are super watery, and also don't have much flavor. The main dish, the chicken and bacon and cheese and onions and peppers, that was delicious though.

The time previous to my last visit, I ordered the tacos. Holy cilantro! I hate cilantro. HATE it. Typically if I forget to order something without it, I don't have too hard a time either pulling it off or eating a small amount of it, as long as there are other flavors to blend with. These tacos had a HUGE amount of cilantro on them. Ridiculous amount. I spend over 20 minutes picking it out of the tacos. Yes, it literally took me that long to try and get not all of it, even, just enough that I could eat the tacos and taste anything else other than the cilantro. Sure enough, this last time my wife ordered the same tacos and they came out with the same huge mountain of cilantro in each taco. It isn't even just on top, it's all mixed into every part of the taco. It's totally inedible, and my wife doesn't share my disgust for cilantro either. She's just normal, and even she found it inedible and spent a solid 5 minutes trying to get enough of it out of the tacos.

Lastly, It is not possible to have worse lighting. The directly-overhead-and-super-bright pot lights make reading the menu nearly impossible without constantly moving it around to avoid the glare spots. And it's super bright, it gives me a headache and since the lights are so focused there are weird super-bright-then-kinda-dark-then-super-bright-again spots all over the place. It's very straining on the eyes, and it's uncomfortable to sit in.笑
This is really a 3.5 star rating but I bumped it to 4 stars because the salsa they give you when you first sit down (complimentary) was really good!!! There's two kinds: One is more spicier than the other and has a kick of spice to it. The other...pretty mild and it taste like a bean dip (taste better than it sounds...trust me lol)

Now onto the food: I really like the portions...its smaller than most "authentic mexican" restaurant dishes. Some of you might not like this but I do cuz I'm weight conscious. lol I get paranoid if I feel like I'm eating a bunch of food. But lets not get sidetrack. =) My boyfriend ordered a chicken enchilada and I also order a chicken enchilada with a sweet sauce on top of it. My boyfriend and I both thought it was eh...just okay. The rice didn't taste so good. To me, it was kind of bland. I had to drench that in salsa. Prices I think came out to be around $12-16 per dish. Obviously more expensive if you were going order any type of seafood entree.

Would I come back here? Probably not. I'm not a drinker so I didn't try any drinks but maybe this place would've been better for those who like to drink and such. This would be a good little spot to grab a drink, eat some ceviches, or have some complimentary salsa and chips.笑
Went here for the first time yesterday and me and my wife and it was amazing staff was great nice friendly food was delicious the guacamole was made fresh right in front of your face I would recommend this place to anybody笑
One of my absolute favorite places for Mexican cuisine. We went at lunch time and sat on their lovely patio. The skinny margaritas are perfect - not too sweet - and tableside guacamole is very good and made to order. Their chips and salsa are very tasty. One of the salsas has a cumin flavor that I love. Entree salad was flavorful. Service was excellent. Atmosphere wonderful. Highly recommend.笑
My family was visiting from out of town for Mother's Day Weekend and we wanted to try a new restaruant that none of us had gone to before. The hostess seated the four us on the patio and presented us with 3 filthy menus.  They were covered in food and salsa.  When we requested clean menus the hostess retrieved the 3 dirty menus and brought us back 3 MORE DIRTY MENUS!!!  When our server Javier came to the table we told him about the menu situation and he seem less than bothered and never took care of the problem.  Luckily one of us had hand sanitizer with us and we proceeded to clean our own menus so we could order! While we were ordering the server seemed more interested in watching the people walk by the patio than on giving us his attention.  Food was pretty good.  Water glasses were never refilled.  Server did not check on us regularly.  One of the members in our party went into the restaurant to speak with a manager about the sub standard service. The server Javier saw us speaking with the manager and without finding out what our complaint was; WENT TO OUR TABLE AND CONFRONTED MY PARENTS WHO ARE VISITING FROM OUT OF TOWN AND SAID, 'WELL I HEAR YOU WEREN'T HAPPY?"  The manager was very apologetic and comped our meal but we could not believe that the server confronted the table!  I have worked in Food and Beverage myself for years but have never experienced or observed such rudeness from a server.   Although the manager tried to recover us I will never return to the Cantina Loredo and I would suggest that anyone reading this to go spend their hard earned money elsewhere!笑
I was craving one of their margarita's after I tried their Jalapeno margarita at a Yelp elite event! Unfortunately I didn't see it on the menu so I tried the Mango Margarita.  I also loved this drink I could have easily ordered another one but I practiced self control! I hope one day that they will add the Jalapeno Margarita to their list.

We started off with the table side guacamole which was awesome! They always make it look so easy compared to when I try to make it at home. It was worth the extra $8.95 because it was so delicious!

I ordered a not so Mexican dish but I was craving it so I was like, "Why not"? The Cascabel Rib eye ($24.95) is a cowboy cut bone in rib eye. It is aged for 21 days then basted with Cascabel marinade. It was so good and so tender ! This is a great price compared to some places I ate steak or rib eye at! The side potatoes that it came with was meh .... I personally think they should replace them with mashed potatoes. You can't go wrong with rib eye and mashed potatoes! 

We ordered two desserts to share for the table. We had the sizzling Mexican Apple Pie. It is sizzled in Mexican brandy butter and topped with either Cinnamon ice cream or vanilla. I chose the Cinnamon ice cream it went together beautifully! We also had the Mexican Brownie which also was sizzled in Mexican brandy butter which was topped with vanilla ice cream. That was also tasty. If you come here you should try at least one dessert !

The service was awesome and attentive! We always had refills on our chips and drinks! I can't wait to go back!笑
We saw all of the pictures and thought "This place can't have 3 stars...the food looks super good!". So, we tried it out. And sadly, it was 3 stars if not 2 1/2. It's just your typical Americanized Mexican joint that needs so much more spice and flavor. 

I don't need to write much as there are numerous reviews already. 
The food was okay. It looks much prettier in the pics. 

We ordered a decent amount of food. Worst thing I always hate about restaurants - they used pre-cooked rice. Rice is pretty cheap, people. And pre-cooked rice is disgusting. 

Biggest downer - when you go to try a new place and spend over $100 and the food is not that great. Time and money you can't get back. 

The service was excellent and the restaurant is pretty. But if you're going to try the food, it's "merh" at best.笑
This our 4th trip. And as always it has been Outstanding !! Amanda has been our   Waitress on two of these visits, and the Service has been second to none. We have had multiple selections from there Menu from the Queso Laredo, Top Shelf Guacamole, Tacos, Asada Steak and let's not forget the Mexican Apple Pie. All of them are to die for. This has become one of most Favorite Restaurant's. KUDOS TO THE WHOLE STAFF!!!!笑
I've come back a few times and it's always a great experience. Best margaritas and staff.笑
Awesome food and great atmosphere! My wife and Started with the casaritas which were perfect! We ordered the table side guacamole which was prepared by Edward who was very friendly and had great customer service skills. The food was great but be warned that the habanero salsa is very, very spicy...and delicious too! We had a great time and the price was very fair. We highly recommend this Resturant!笑
Bottom line: starters are great, main entrees are NOT. You will be impressed by the chunky guac made TO ORDER table side $10, and fresh chips and two kinds of salsa as starters. Even the Sangria was good. The rest of the meal will leave a lot to be desired. We ordered beef enchiladas and chicken chipotle (which I've never heard of, prob not an authentic Mexican dish) and both were made with cheap ingredients/equivalents and passed off as 'non traditional' Mexican. Lacking in flavor, and small portions are the culprit. Few restaurants can pull off reinventing staple items, and this is not one of them.  We ate a little of the dishes and gave up, jus went back to eating chips and dip. Our waitress was really cool, offered to make something else for us. We declined and jus ordered blood orange sangria (great choice). Although it was disappointing entree wise and we left hungry, we left drunk and that's not a total loss;)笑
Everything was really tasty here. The salsa brought with the chips was really flavorful. We're fans of hole-in-the-wall Mexican places usually...but we were surprised by this more upscale Mexican restaurant.笑
A phone call from an out of town buddy summoned me to Cantina Laredo tonight for a dinner. We arrived at 7pm and were seated at the bar. Our waitress was very friendly and got us waters and menus, then quickly back to take drink orders.
An order of their table made guacamole was done along with a Pineapple infused margarita for me. 
This is where is started slipping away. Happy hour was only 5 minutes over, yet no offer to sneak in the cocktail. $11.95 for the margarita could have been 1/2 off. We did mention we were first timers here. That kind of rubs me the wrong way. The chips and salsa brought to our table were ok, but half the bowl was full of chip crumbles. Nothing to put the $9.95 guacamole on....she did eventually bring more chips about the same time as our main orders arrived.
I had tacos barbacoa...which was ok, meat was tender, a little kick in the chipotle sauce. Nothing to write home about....beans and rice on the side. $13.95 I think was the price. My friend had the carnitas that were supposed to have the bone but we were informed all out of bone in pork, so just regular pork. He said it was ok.

Would I go back here? Probably not for the food, but I would for Happy Hour and half off margaritas as it was pretty tasty.笑
Absolutely love this place , great staff must try the home made apple pie it's delicious !笑
Lovely food. Lovely staff 
Super friendly and great service. 

I've never been disappointed here! The food is excellent and the people make it a great environment. 

I will continue to come here on a regular basis due to the ambiance. 

The margaritas are excellent and the happy hours are awesome!笑
I'm from Texas where we have some of the BEST Tex-Mex restaurants in the USA.   SO, I was skeptical about this place, especially since I have not found a really good Mexican restuarant here in LV.  Well, Cantina Laredo solved that problem because it certainly adds up to the best that Texas has.  The tableside guacamole was absolutely perfect - enchiladas were delicious!!    Their HH has some great prices, and the margs are very good ---- and potent, too!  LOVE IT!!笑
This is strictly off my one & only visit so far & not of the actual menu. We were Saturday day drinking, DUH! 
Pros: The few happy hour items we ordered, were tasty! The tacos adobada YUM! Chips, salsa & guacamole, nice! The drinks, even better!! Paloma's were finally located, no one in this town knows what they are! The flavored ritas, were ok. 
Not So Pros: We had to hunt down a Server after we were greeted by the Hostess and walked thru the bar area past 3 Servers to go sit outside. And still, we had to hunt someone down.
Nonetheless, will try it again!

Update: Today Cantina reached out to me via Twitter regarding my review. Because of that outreach I have changed my 3 star rating to a 4 star. One thing I can appreciate is when a business reaches out to their patrons because it means that they REALLY care about what they are doing! As I mentioned to via Twitter, I will DEFINITELY be returning to Cantina! Thank you for reaching out!笑
Came here to try out a different Mexican restaurant then where I normally go, and this place was pretty good. I had the restaurants version of a Cadillac margarita to start with and it was a little too sweet for my liking. We had complimentary chips and salsa. Chips were nice and warm, salsa had a good smoker flavor. I ordered the combination fajitas. The steak had a great flavor while the chicken could use more. My boyfriend he the enchiladas and he seemed to be enjoying them. We heard about the Mexican skillet brownie, but didn't have enough room to try last night. I think I'll substitute my drink for dessert next time. We will be back!笑
Cantina Laredo has been open in our neighborhood for some time now.  My husband and I finally had some free time to dine there.  Reception was fine, waitress came and offer drinks - that was fine.  Everything seems normal.  Nothing superb.  
We each ordered a Margarita, then our entrees.  The waitress came by a few times to see if every thing is alright while we were eating our dinner. Then, the waitress just came and slapped down our check without us asking for it, and also without her first asking whether we wanted dessert.   
Meanwhile, a special Tequila dinner announcement was enclosed with our check (which we did not asked for).  The food looked interesting and I asked this waitress whether we can have the dinner without Tequila.  Guess what she said? - ?."You don't have to come!"
We were completely stunned at this point having been very nice and cordial to her through the whole time we were there.
We will give the food 3 stars, but the attitude 0 star because she was too mean for us to imagine the management philosophy behind her actions.笑
The food was OK. It's a bit pricey for the quality. Have you been to a restaurant and already thinking when to come back after you're done eating?  Or the next day you're dreaming about the meal you had?  This is just not the type.  But I might come back someday since I live in Summerlin. Pretty interior and nice location though. This is an amercan-mexican fusion restaurant.笑
Had our rehearsal dinner here. Everyone was fantastic! The staff and servers were great! The food was amazing! We had the outdoor patio for our party which was excellent! No complaints at all.笑
Well ... it's time for our periodic "let's-go-eat-someplace-that-isn't-the-Nest" visit.  I had a lunch at Cantina Laredo one time when the Orchid visited her favorite retail establishments in Tivoli Village, and thought rather well of it, so we decided this would be this month's stop.

As it was when I visited solo, it was bright, cheery and looked a little trendy.  It was much noisier than I remembered, but (a) it was Friday night, (b) there was Olympic coverage on half of the TVs, and (c) there was pre-season American football on the OTHER half of the TVs.  So, we just gutted up and dealt with it.

When I was here last, I ordered what I THOUGHT I remembered as a chimichanga, so I asked for it again.  (Due to a food allergy, I asked for NO avocado or guacamole products in any of my food.)  The darling Orchid, with her food sensitivities, asked for the mildest sauces possible (NO heat if possible), and asked if pinto beans could be replaced with black beans.  (When I got the check at the end of the meal, I noticed that Eric, our server, had noted on the ticket "FOOD ALLERGY -" and the nature of our requests.  Nicely done, sir.)  The requests for modifications were honored, and pleasantly.

The food itself ... Orchid's appetizer, something they call "Top Choice Guacamole" - tableside preparation.  You can ask for customization ... add this, leave that out ... she loved it.  Her entree - an enchilada plate with avocado, something-else-starting-with-the-letter-"A" on a bed of spinach, was very much to her taste.  (When you go, it's the last item in the column of "Enchiladas" on the menu.)  My chimichanga was decidely not what I remembered, but it was on the lunch menu and not on the dinner menu, so either the dinner chef makes them differently or I just plain remembered wrong.  (At age 60, this is not beyond the realm of possibility.)  It wasn't bad, just not what I was expecting.

Will we be back?  Probably.  Will it be soon?  Maybe not.  There are too many other places we'd like to try.

-- -- -- -- --

On the Nighthawk 100-point scale: 76.笑
This place seems a bit inconsistent. On our first visit I ordered the tacos de pollo and they weren't spectacular but certainly tasted and looked fresh! I asked that my margarita be made with less of the sugar syrup and they were unable to do that since their margarita mix (both blended and on the rocks) are pre-made. 

On our second visit I ordered the tacos de fajita and the beef was extremely overdone and difficult to chew! The other two people in my group also ordered beef dishes and felt the beef was over-cooked as well. Same deal with the margarita - extremely over sweetened. 

The place is clean, the staff is nice, and the menu is fairly extensive but I am positive there is better Mexican food somewhere in the area.笑
Had a great time out on the patio during the happy hour.  Priced very reasonably and the food was good.  Had beef enchiladas and they hit the spot.  Highly recommend.笑
Excellent food and service. Reminds me of being back home in Yuma笑
Not bad. The closest thing to Tex Mex I've found outside of Texas. The fajita meat was cooked well and had a decent marinade. The salsas were unique. One medium heat, warmed, and smokey chipotle. The other mild heat, chilled, and with a tomato and onion flair. Not bad. The queso was quite good. A little spicier than I care for, but solid. The refried beans were  smokey, not something I cared for. The greatest disappointment was the tortillas. Bagged, not homemade. I'd return here for a TM fix if ever stuck in Vegas for a long period again, but Tejas has far better options. God bless Texas.笑
Jessica is an outstanding server but we had a hiccup when we ate here for happy hour.  The hostess, Julia, sat us in the back because the bar area was full and told us it would be okay to order happy hour.  It's common practice there but she never told Jessica about us and happy hour so our check leaped to $90 off a few items and drinks.

We ordered everything from the menu side that offers happy hour and drinks which should have been an indicator that we were there for happy hour.  The manager ended up giving us happy hour prices for the 3 taco dishes we ordered but not the casita rita's but made it $5 rather than the $3 HH price. 

The only item we did order that wasn't happy hour was the table side guacamole because it's sooo good but if they ever sit you outside the bar area for happy hour triple check with the hostess to make sure they told the server, check with your server to make sure she knows and the manager because they have the swipe card to access happy hour prices.

I'll still come back because the street style tacos are good, drinks are made well, and happy hour is hard to be beat here.笑
Just had lunch with a client, great chicken fajita quesadlla, diplayed nicely with fresh guacamole, beef taco's, black beans. Had a nice waiter, Ryan, made great suggestions on the skinny margarita, which was excellent. Sat on the side patio enjoying Tivoli Village. Such a relaxing space to enjoy along with the food.笑
Ok food, but horrible service had to ask several times for water. Waitress never checked back in to see how the meal was. It took her three trips to finally ask if we were ready to order etc... Would not recommend and wished I read the other reviews first. They all say the same thing about service. Total bummer because the space is pretty.笑
Based on our experience and the other Yelp reviews I would say management needs to provide some basic training to the entire wait staff on how to handle dining customers in a restaurant. 

We arrived at Cantina Laredo at 8pm on Memorial Day evening, planning to have drinks and a leisurely dinner. The restaurant was open until 10pm that day, and was less than half-full when we arrived. 

Our server arrived at our table about two minutes after we were seated, and rather insistently asked if we were ready to place our order. There were menus at our table when we were seated, but we were still figuring out which cocktails we were going to begin our dining experience with and we hadn't even looked at the food offerings. We had been told by Cantina Laredo on the phone just a couple of hours before we arrived that they were having drink specials on Mimosas and Bloody Marys all day that day. Our waitress denied this and told us that they were not having any drink specials that day.

So my GF hurriedly ordered a Sangria and I hadn't really had time to understand the bar offerings so I just passed on the libation and ordered water. 

After about 5 minutes the waitress was back and we placed our food order. A minute or two after that her Sangria arrived.  She had only taken a couple of sips of her drink when our food arrived. So much for a leisurely and pleasant dinner out. It became clear to us that we were in a kind of "Lunch Rush Express" situation, like "How fast can you get `em in and get `em out?"  

Was this an over reaction to all the negative reviews about their slow service? In any case service that is too fast can be  just as bad as service that is too slow, especially when menu prices tend toward the higher-end and the restaurant is not in the least crowded.

25 minutes after we were seated our check was placed on the table. Our planned leisurely drinks and dinner on a holiday evening were not going to happen at Cantina Laredo. We've had longer sit-down meals at a Taco Bell.

BTW I ordered the mole enchiladas which were good but the portion was very small. I don't remember what my GF ordered because the whole thing went so fast.笑
Este Restaurante está increíble, acogedor e higiénico...especialmente el mesero, un 10/10 por ser Atento...
The Service is great, I highly recommend it.笑
Horrible customer service had to leave, would not accommodate us. Will never come again!!!笑
I'm usually not a fan of chain restaurants, but if you're going to go with one, this might as well be it.笑
Beautiful restaurant.  Great food.  Great service. What more could you ask for.  I read a review below that said the portions were small.  Um... not sure how much that person eats but there was definitely no issue with portion size at this restaurant. I had the Fajitas... they were fantastic!  We also did the table side guacamole, and of course this was after the complimentary chips and salsa you get first.  And they give you two types of salsa, one medium, one mild.  For dessert, the Flan!  Everything was fantastic!笑
I took the wife here on date night and it was terrible. The food was mediocre to poor. The order was wrong. The portions were tiny. This place has pretensions of being haute or highbrow Mexican. The prices reflect that, but the food does not. The service was snarky and slow. They gave us a comp card for chile con queso for our trouble. Fact is, we will never go back. We will wait for this place to shut down and hope for a better replacement.笑
Extremely patient and accommodating. At times can be slow, but only because they are busy! Best happy hour in Vegas.笑
One of the rare places I've been that has excellent food AND service! Ive been back a few times now and haven't been disappointed yet. Their happy hour is awesome and they have a great tequila selection. I definitely recommend the fresh made guacamole, they make it right in front of you! After the first time I had it I was already craving more the next day! Also my server recommended the carnitas which were amazing! The meat was so tender and juicy and basically fell off the bone, and the chipotle wine sauce on top didn't steal from the meat but added just the perfect mouth watering touch! There are so many restaurants to choose from around here that it takes a lot for me to return to the same place more than once, and I am quickly becoming a regular here. If you haven't been here yet, definitely make it a point to check it out!笑
In the interest of full disclosure, I am a regular at Cantina Laredo. Don't ask me why it has taken so long to write my review, but as I have said before, sometimes you need to try a place out several times before you can give them an honest review.

My first shout out is to the staff, many I know by name and who know my name as well. There is a reason someone becomes a regular, and the staff at Cantina Laredo has done exactly what you need to do to get customers to come back again and again. 5 stars goes to the staff, and very well deserved it is.

The food is really quite good, but there is the rare occasion when the kitchen sends out something that just doesn't appeal to the eye, even if it tastes great. Sorry guys, but presentation matters. As I said, this happens only on a rare occasion, but it is the reason I cannot give a full 5 star review.

Tivoli Village can be an adventure when it comes to cuisine. Some places serve amazing food with top-notch service, some places have pretty good food at really good prices, while other places charge ridiculous prices for some really marginal food. But fear not, it's really very easy to tell these places apart - just take a look inside to see what kind of crowd they have. 

Some people slam services like Yelp, claiming that average people making reviews is completely untrustworthy, as if regular people don't have the ability to recognize quality and service. But if you walk around Tivoli village on an average day during happy hour, the crowds in each restaurant very closely match their Yelp reviews. Some restaurants are nearly dead, while others are filled to the brim. A closer look at their Yelp reviews will tell you all you need to know - the average person really does know what their talking about.

Cantina Laredo is one of those places that is filled to brim during happy hour, because they serve good food at great prices. It's still funny to me to see their patio filled up with smiling people, while its neighbor's patio is completely empty - but then I shouldn't be that surprised,  I've had their neighbors food.笑
Our meals were OK and service started out well and then went downhill.  I should have paid more attention to the reviews of my two friends on Yelp.  Live and learn.

We were here about 4:15 yesterday afternoon and there were very few people there.  We were seated immediately and brought menus and drinks.  The chips and salsas were brought and our server explained that the warm salsa was spicy and the cold salsa was not spicy.  The chips and spicy salsa were good.  The chips are very thin and I found I broke several in half dipping them in the salsa.

For our dinners, I ordered the Tacos al Pastor.  Here's the description from their menu:  Spicy pork with pineapple, pico de gallo and cilantro.  My wife ordered the Tampico which is described as: Grilled chicken breast topped with sautéed artichoke hearts, mushrooms, spinach, red bell peppers with sour cream-poblano sauce and monterey jack cheese.

My tacos were just OK.  The biggest problem with them was there was only one taco.  When I get tacos like this at genuine Mexican places, they're always doubled so there's some body to help hold the filling.  With my tacos and the single shell, the pico was wet enough that it softened the taco and made it almost impossible to pick up to eat.  I did eat the first one that way but I was awash in juice.  The pork was OK, but the spice was a heavy coating on the pork.  It was spicy but other than that, there wasn't a whole lot to recommend the tacos.  I also thought of the al pastors I've gotten from street vendors on East Charleston for a fraction of the cost I paid.  Stupid me!  With my tacos came rice and black beans.  My wife liked her chicken and it was as described.  It's the kind of dish you might get at any Tex/Mex kind of restaurant.

Dessert was the star of the night.  I got the très leches cake and she got the Mexican brownie.  My cake was excellent.  Her brownie came with a bit of table side ta da!
The brownie was placed on a very hot cast iron dish safely in a recessed wooden holder.  Then the vanilla ice cream was put on top of the brownie.  LAst, the sauce was poured over the ice cream and when the sauce hit the hot dish, it bubbled and made a kind of extra buttery syrup that added to the flavor of the brownie and ice cream.  

Now to service:  Up until the time we got our meals, everything was going along fine.  Then our server disappeared.  She came back once and asked about the food and then was gone again.  10 minutes after we finished our dishes, she was nowhere to be found.  The host looked at us several times and it seemed as though he was going to get her at one point but that was not the case.  Finally she showed and we asked about a box and asked about dessert.  She said she'd get the dessert tray and be back.

Again she was just gone.  About 5 minutes later, another server stopped and asked if we wanted a box.  We told him we'd already asked for one and then he brought his tray down to show us the desserts. We made our choice with him.  A few minutes later, our server and this second person arrived with the desserts.  She stood by as he did the table ta da for the brownie.  Then she left again.  About 6 minutes later, she came back with the check and just put it down.  

When I finished dessert and we had some time to relax and talk, I got my credit card out and put it in the holder and within 10 seconds, she was there to pick it up.  Wow, Speedy Gonzales then but not at the needed times.  

I really like Tivoli Village and there are some other restaurants there that I have yet to try.  But, Cantina Laredo won't be one of them.  We have so many small places along East Charleston that there's no reason to ever go here again.笑
This is a good Mexican restaurant, not great, but good. The chips and salsa are very good, salsa super fresh and tasty! Drinks are good too! I will definitely come back for drinks and appetizers in the bar area.
Dinner was okay. My husband had the ribeye which came with mashed potatoes and asparagus. (He liked it) I just can't bring myself to order steak and mashed potatoes at a Mexican restaurant..... That is what I would order a couple doors down at the steak house in Tivoli Village (which is excellent, by the way)
My dinner was the enchiladas. One chicken and one cheese. The cheese had red sauce and the chicken had a cream poblano sauce. I preferred the cream poblano sauce of the two. The tortilla on the enchiladas had to much of a bite to it, like it wasn't cooked long enough. I prefer a soft tortilla. Just wasn't exactly to my liking. So many Mexican restaurants in Las Vegas make fresh homemade tortillas, I have gotten spoiled.
Beans and rice served with the enchiladas were so so....... beans were good, but rice was undercooked and very disappointing.笑
Nothing like this place in Summerlin, fresh and new. I expect this to be a regular spot for me.笑
Go there for the brunch.  It is amazing.  It comes with a bloody mary (maria) or a mimosa.  And the next one is at a reduced cost.  The food is amazing.  The table side guacamole is worth every penny.笑
Love the food here . Eric & Lilly are my favorite they're always nice and accommodating笑
First visit and was impressed. Love the decor. The service was excellent. The menu is not your typical Tex Mex. There were three salad choices of generous size. We ordered the table prepared guac which was excellent. We ordered it mild and could taste the exquisite flavors. I love roasted salsa and thought it was better than most I have had. I am used to my sister in law's homemade salsa and understand the preparation that is involved. My enchiladas were fresh with lightly sautéed spinach, chicken that is clearly cooked in house, and a very flavorful tomatillo sauce, not too spicy. Loved the side Zucchini in a light butter sauce. I tasted my friend's pinto beans with her fajitas and thought they were just okay.  There are many menu items that I wish to try, so will be back again.笑
Complimentary chips and salsa. Their camaron poblano asada was amazing. You just have to try it for yourself!笑
My wife and I stopped in for a late lunch on a Sunday. We walked in and nobody greeted us. We started looking around while waiting in the lobby. We finally got seated. The waitress was nice. We both ordered fajitas.

They gave is chips and salsa while we waited which was delicious. The food arrived in pretty good time nice and hot. We still had no silverware at this point and had to ask for it. My wife's margarita had a good amount of alcohol which was great.

The food was delicious but the portion of pico de gallo was about enough for 1 fajita, maybe 2. But we were given 4. So I had no pico on my last two fajitas. Hence the 4 stars for that and for the "ok" service. We'll be back but won't be in a hurry to get back.笑
I've been here 3 times now, once for lunch, twice for dinner.  I like patio seating, I live in Vegas afterall and we have one week of Spring and one week of Fall, so I truly take advantage!!  The patio here is nice - it's comfortable, it's great for people watching.  The big patio to the side was booked for a private party, so we weren't able to sit there when I was there last.  The atmosphere is very comfortable, little noisy, but nothing unusual.    

I love Mexican food, I love chips n salsa and this is where my first disappointment lies. The salsa is fine (noteworthy would be a stretch, but it does taste fresh), but the chips are these thin tasteless corn things with no zing, there's nothing to love about them, at all!  Try the chips and salsa from Leticia's and you'll know what I mean by great chips! 

The guac made fresh and tableside is pretty great - it tastes awesome and is all that great guac is supposed to be!  I've had the chicken salad, carnitas tacos, shrimp tacos, and mahi tacos (LOVE tacos too!) and fajitas here.  All very average. They do let you mix your tacos - three per plate and you can try a variety if that's your thing.  The carnitas tacos were the best of the three, but not a WOW kind of taco. They are smaller, street taco size, just like we had back in Ensenada, but not as memorable.  My husband had the enchiladas and said they were "yea, they were good", but again, nothing great. 

They do have a happy hour here - its in the bar area only and does include food although I wouldn't say it's any kind of a smokin' deal that would bring me in.  The drinks . . . . maybe, but not the food.  

I didn't have one, but the woman next to me raved about their Casa Rita margarita which is their house margarita.  I'm not a margarita gal, but if you are, try it out!!笑
I came her last weekend with two other guests. I'm basing my rating on the average of our three scores...
We all really wanted to like this place.  It started off great!  The chips and salsa they bring to the table are delicious and addicting.  I was excited to order the fresh guacamole but then it started going downhill.  I only had one bite of the guacamole - I thought it tasted nasty.  One of my guests had only one bite while the other guests took out the grilled jalepenos that were mixed in it and found it to be "ok". On to entrees....one guest ordered a chicken burrito that was "ok"- It was swimming in this creme sauce that he tried taking off.  The waitress kept stressing that she recommended the tacos - I should've listened to her!  My other guest ordered tacos and they looked nice and fresh. I ordered off the brunch menu and got the omelet with potatoes and these cinnamon fried bananas.  The bananas were good but the omelet was dripping with oil!  And the potatoes had a REALLY WEIRD taste to them - they were uneatable!  Ewwwww.  I mentioned this to the waitress with the suggestion that the chef taste the batch being served (I didn't want anyone getting sick from them) and she just smiled and said ok.  Once we asked for our check it took 20 minutes to get it... They weren't busy.  Maybe understaffed?  I paid the check and I have no plans of returning.  I can get way better food thats edible at the Suncoast cafe across the street- and still have money left to play wheel of fortune! My other guest said they would never return again either, while the other said he would just come for a drink and a taco appetizer.  Bummer.....笑
If you are looking for real mexican food this is not the spot. I ordered enchiladas and they were dry, bearly any sauce and they didnt come with any beans or rice or pico de gallo lettuce mix. I asked the waiter for some lettuce mix and he looked at me like he had no idea what for, and he told me I could order a side salad? Really? I wont be coming back.笑
My husband and I are regular clients during the weekends, their happy hour is fantastic!! 

We always have a good service, the food is good and the bartender Eduardo is super attentive to all the customer and give everyone a great experience! 

We recommend this place 100%笑
Love the environment of Tivoli! Cafe Laredo has incredible table side guacamole, and a sizzling Mexican brownie that's amazing. Great patio dining.笑
Just finished a productive and delicious working lunch at Cantina Laredo at Tivoli Village. The salmon chimichurri lunch special and service were  fantastic. 

I took note of the Thursday night lady's night with half price Margaritas. They have some unique and creative twists on traditional margaritas. Yum! 

Free Wi-Fi makes it a great place for business. Big thanks to the day manager that really went above and beyond in gracious service.笑
I have to laugh at some of these reviews..Some must be suspect..I go here at least twice a week..The food is delicious..never had a bad meal here. The drinks are great and service is always friendly and prompt...The patio is beautiful at night....you cant go wrong for dinner here..笑
The happy hour is great. Thursdays is lady's night with half price margaritas. They are also great at the regular price. Don't pass up the guacamole made fresh table side. They use serrano peppers which gives good heat. If you want to kick it way up ask for the Ghost peppers but be careful. The complimentary chips are tasty, not greasy or salty. 2 types of salsas are provided, cold and warm. The Happy Hour menu also has a good variety of food at a 50% discount. The Enchiladas De Pollo comes with a poblano sauce and the portion of 3 was flavorful and sufficient. 
The decor was clean and bright. Our servers were friendly, helpful and attentive. We look forward to coming back and enjoying the outdoor patio. Cantina Laredo is a great addition to the dining choices at Tivoli Village. A solid 4 Stars笑
We went here about a week ago. It was a nice atmosphere with decent decor, friendly service and seemingly fair prices given the location inside the upscale Tivoli Village. Both the inside and outside seating areas looked nice, well-lit with good ambiance. We opted to sit outside... which was a mistake. It reeked of smoke coming from the cigar shop next door. No matter, two drinks (each) later and we didn't care so much. The guacamole was very good and that's about it. We ordered chorizo tacos, chicken enchiladas, and vegetarian enchiladas. All three dishes were extremely greasy. Like, grease with a side of food greasy. The enchiladas looked like something from a gas station. The chicken dish tasted fine but the vegetarian dish was not good at all. I did not try the tacos because I personally do not like chorizo, although the person who ordered them did enjoy them. The vegetarian in our group did not finish their food but both of us carnivores did. This, again, was a mistake. I'll spare you the details but thanks to all that grease and possibly in part to the cigar smoke, we both were very sick the entire next day. At first I thought I had a fever but it was very clearly food-related. Yuck.笑
Their Sunday brunch is great. Our server Chris H did a outstanding job. He kept the  mimosas coming the whole time and for only $2! You've got to check out the patio it's a great place to get together with friends for a large party as it can take care of just any size group. The food was outstanding we had Vegan enchiladas They made them special for us really really good.笑
Pretty decent Mexican food is served here. Plus, it has a very clean and upscale ambiance. Service was friendly and prompt. Despite the nice setting, I would not consider this place to be overly expensive.笑
I freq Cantina Laredo at the least 2x a month. The staff (especially the bartender) are always superb. I ordered the table top guacamole as a starter & omg Carlos really made the guacamole come 2 life!! This place NEVER disappoints.  GOOD food and serviced is hard to come by now a days.  Please allow me to thank you for your continuous AWESOMENESS笑
Wanted a change of pace for a Saturday lunch with a friend, so we decided to meet up at this place.

It took quite some time for someone to greet as after we walked in. (Not a good start for any restaurant)

We decided on the Happy Hour menu (good prices), so we sat at a high top table by the bar.

If we called ahead, it may had been quicker to get water and chips delivered to our table. I think the wait when we walked in was a sign of things to come.

When our waitress finally arrived, so came off as having an attitude, although I'm sure she was attempting to be cute/funny.

After ordering a few of their appetizers, which tasted AMAZING and were delivered relatively quick, we where still hungry. 

Because of the lack of service when we first arrived, we decided to go somewhere else to grab deserts, since we didn't want to give this restaurant any more of our money.

That said, I've been there for lunch before during the week several times and had a wonderful experience! I'm guessing that my experience this time around was not typical. 

Will still try them again in the near future to see if the experience is better.笑
This is a personal favorite of mine in Summerlin.  It's really good Mexican-style food and the service, in my experience, has been incredible.  The guacamole is a personal favorite (rally fresh and prepared at your table).  They prepare seafood REALLY well.  I have tried several different dishes and always been delighted with my selection.  Also, I think their apple pie might be the best I have ever had....yeah I know it's a Mexican restaurant serving a traditional American dessert, but they do it up right.  Don't judge, just try.  Overall, I love the location (Tivoli Village in Summerlin) and have always left the restaurant happy I ate there (and of course that I saved room for apple pie).笑
Hands down our favorite Mexican food in Vegas.  The menu is full of unique and creative dishes.  The Chipotle Chicken Fajitas are my absolute favorite.  Awesome guac and salsa.  And my wife loves the cocktails.  Highly recommend!笑
WOW, what a hidden gem. I probably walked pass the place a bajillion times and never tried it. Now, I hate myself. lol

Great menu with great employees like our server Jose and the restaurant manager Mark. 

We ordered several items; gaucamole(which was prepared at table side), Fish and Shrimp Tacos, ahhhhmazing!!! i loved the fish tacos more than the shrimp and also ordered the Daily Special which was Chilean Seabass omg to. die. for. So succulent and doused in this yummy sauce omg i want some right now just thinking about it!

Cant wait to go back!!!!笑
This place is in the Tivoli Village, looks pretty fancy, like it's in its own world. Came for dinner on date night with my husband, sat at the bar since it was a 15 minute wait for the booths, luckily they still had happy hour (ends at 7pm), that's pretty late, most places happy hour ends at 6pm. I ended ordering the HH Ahi Poke Tacos (u get 3) and the Carnitas Sliders with fries (u get 2). The sliders said it had goat cheese and peach jam, but it was hardly in there, it made it taste dry since it wasn't all over and the Ahi tacos we're really good, definitely would order again. My husband had the mole enchiladas and he liked it and he's picky with his food. They make fresh guacamole at your table so you decide how you want it. They have daily specials Sunday - Thursday, we came on a Thursday and it was ladies night, $4 Casarita (signature margarita). To top it off, we had the Mango Tres Leches and it was so good. Gotta go back and try more of their food笑
Super awesome service by Alexandra always! 

We always come and stop by for the delicious modelo with the boys-super refreshing. 

A must try plate I truly love is the rib eye with cascabel sauce super tender super awesomeness. 

Margaritas are always a good drink for the girls and really strong. 

The chips and dip are always served with your order of drinks. Super addicting! 

All the Platillos del bar (bar platters) 
Are always very affordable but happy hour starts at 9pm better prices ;)笑
I've been wanting to come in here for a while. Unfortunately my experienced sucked pretty bad. We came in at about 1:30 pm.
It took a few minutes before anyone noticed us waiting to be seated. The interior design is boring. My food was god awful disgusting. I ordered a quesadilla chicken thing but it looked like dog shit on a triscuit. Some genius thought it would be a good idea to smear beans and cheese on a pita chip and stick a generic piece of chicken from a bag that they bought at walmart and call it a lunch special.
It was luke warm barf and whoever came up with it should be fired. Our chips were also more gritty than other mexican places and the salsa was mediocre.
My experience wasn't good but my friends ceviche looked and tasted good. 
Our margaritas were not good at all.
Our waitress was very friendly but never brought us napkins or silverwear. About 5 minutes after our dishes arrived i went and grabbed the table settings off of an empty table.
Since I returned most of my meal they took it off of the bill. I feel like it's probably better here at night and maybe I ordered the wrong thing but what I ordered should never be on any menu.
I won't be back. We went to hussongs after this and had great food and drinks.笑
Fantastic signature margaritas! The best I have had in Vegas.  Good Flavorful salsa. Both of which for me....make or break it.笑
This review is for the Chips and Salsa:  I go to Cantina Laredo strictly for the chips, salsa, and guacamole so I can't review anything else on the menu.  The table side guacamole gets a 10/10.  I love the atmosphere and decor inside the restaurant.  Very clean and friendly.  They have a cute outdoor patio if you are looking for a nice spot to visit with friends.  To-go orders are always neatly packaged.笑
The food is great.  The best salsa I've had, but they must be rationing it.  The service sucks.  I've been here 6 to 8 times. The service has sucked every time. I'm done with this place.笑
Definitely not the sort of Mexican restaurant I was expecting. 

* we ordered mild guacamole. It tasted strangely sweet... Sweet guac??? Ew. 
* On the flip side, whatever sauce was on the enchiladas were RIDICULOUSLY spicy. Like, can't even enjoy my food spicy. I had two bites & then just asked for it to be put in a doggie bag. 
* server was... Impatient? Rude? In some sort of hurry to get us out of there, which is surprising since we were the only ones on the patio. 
* food portions were small for the price. 
* the salsa served with our chips was so watery. I like my salsa chunky. 

On a more positive note, the restaurant was spacious & it was a nice atmosphere. Oh & the chocolate brownie was good. 

Most likely won't be going back. There are better restaurants within the area.笑
Food was good but service there is not good.  This is the second time going there and both times the service was junk.笑
I went to Cantina Laredo for their amazing happy hour, we sat at the bar and Edward and Carlos were so awesome!!  They took care of getting us delicious margaritas, kept our chips and salsa full, and we received our food orders promptly.  Shrimp Empenadas were to die for!!!  Best food and service, definitely one of my favorite spots in town.笑
Great happy hour... Even on Saturdays! My favorite here is the Ahi Tacos!!!! The Chocolate Brownie Dessert is rich in flavor! It's one of my all time picks for "modern Mexican" food in the Summerlin area!笑
Ok, so this place is yummy. The margaritas are legit; the guacamole portion was skimpy, but all in all, the food and service is great!笑
Had been wanting to try this place out for a few months.  An old friend in town was the perfect excuse.  Located in beautiful Tivoli Village, parking was a breeze, though I imagine peak times on the weekend might take a bit longer. Indoor and outdoor seating is a great feature, with outdoor seating on both the side and in front. 
We chose a spot inside since it was 1pm and pretty hot out.  Our server was spot on with everything including letting us know about the grilled salmon special. Nice selection of beers including Carta Blanca, Tecate, Dos XX, Corona, etc...along with margaritas, and a decent wine selection.  
We ordered the queso laredo dip as an appetizer and it didn't dissapoint.  Most of the appetizers are for 2-4 people to share. The 2 salsas they bring along with the chips are excellent as well.  The main dishes are small compared to what most folks might be used to at a Mexican restaurant.  However, the food quality is great, fresh, tasty and suprisingly filling.  I ordered the Tacos Barbacoa, and would again, although there are so many great menu options to try.  My friend had a different Tacos plate and loved his as well.  We abstained from dessert and coffee, and they don't have espresso, just regular brewed coffee available.  Hopefully, they'll invest in an espresso machine and train the staff here soon.  Total lunch bill for 2 people with a shared appetizer and a couple beers was just over $40.00.  So my opinion is price for the quality is a good deal.  It's not a bargain, huge plates or a buffet style Mexican restaurant.  If that's what you might be looking for, this really isn't the place, and you probably won't feel you are getting your $ worth.  This was a weekday at lunch so dinner prices and larger crowds may affect the price and server dynamic. That being said, I would highly recommend this spot.笑
Holy Cow!!!
If you LOVE Carnitas then you have to try these pork shanks!!!
Without a Doubt the most amazing things i have ever put in my mouth!!!
First visit and i can't wait to try the Camaron Pablano Asada - Jennifer's (bartender) recommendation
Knowledgeable and Helpful staff - it is refreshing for Las Vegas!
Hope they keep up the good work!笑
This place is amazing! They're guacamole is fresh and their queso Laredo is an amazing starter. I've tried their salmon with chimichurri sauce and jasmine rice which was delicious! I've also tried their chicken Tampico which was overly Charbroiled but the sour cream poblano sauce was tasty. Their beef is very flavorful and great in the fajita dish! But the brownie desert will melt in your mouth! Def an enjoyable date spot.笑
My lunch here was good.  I liked the table side guacamole and was glad they offered to bring additional spicy flavorings on the side so that the guacamole could be shared easily.  My pork tacos were tender and good, though nothing too exceptional.  The dessert tray with fake ice cream was a little creepy.笑
I was taken to Cantina Laredo for a birthday lunch and was lucky enough to take advantage of a tremendous Restaurant Week special!  The food was very fresh and very flavorful and had complex flavor profile!  The margaritas were great as is the patio and cool modern decor!  I loved it overall and will be back very soon!笑
Had a wonderful experience.  Great drinks, great food and the best is LIsa!!!  She is a breath of fresh air.  We had a Groupon (fantastic savings) and enjoyed everything - from the table side fresh made guacamole to the Mexican apple pie and everything in between.  (including yummy Sangria and mojitos)笑
The staff and manager are super pleasant and the food  was great. I asked for a vegan option and the burrito was perfect. Also  did I mention the chips and salsa?笑
We had an early dinner Saturday and we had very great service the staff was so friendly and was there at the table with refills seconds before our glasses were empty. 
The waitress recommend some of the new items and they were great!笑
Omg I love this place bartender Jose is amazing down to earth and helpful will came back another time!!!笑
Relaxed, comfortable setting. Excellent drinks. Mango mint Mojito with ginger beer will be on my mind every Friday. Beef barbacoa street tacos and the apple pie with the hot buttery bourbon syrup. Ahhhhh.笑
Worst service I have received in a long time.  After being sat outside we had to go inside repeatedly asking if we could get a server. After 10 min someone came with chips and then again no one around for another 15 min. After going inside and asking for help a server came to tell us the table that they say us at was "reserved" and asked us to move. At that point we walked out. Seriously doubt we will return.笑
The food is good, and the so is the service.  The bartenders are excellent, both in making drinks and small-talk while you hang out.  It's one of my favorite spots for lunch - alone at the bar or business meetings at the table.  

Prices are reasonable and the food is tasty.笑
I was here for a babyshower today, and this is by far my favorite Mexican restaurant! AMAZING food, amazing service, and an amazing atmosphere! I will be back!!!笑
Waitress very nice.As we were eating chips and salsa someone rolled out a table with all the avacodo ingredients to make at table but just left  cart parked up against a wall the rest of the time we were there  UNCOVERED.FLYS kept on buzzing on the chopped veggies!!!!!!!!!!I asked a waiter if there was a manager and he said  in a snarky way "There always is!!!!!!!!'Manager came and I told him problem,  "Flys " he said as if I were lying!He wheeled away cart without another  word and NEVER came back to even apologize!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!AWFUL manners and soooooo  unprofessional. Dirty dining needs to be aware of this!笑
The actual food was great. The presentation was thoughtful. The guacamole was bland and salsas could have been better. The chips suck! (I like them thick, crispy and with a little flavor). But overall for the happy hour price it was on point. It didn't take long for the food to come and it was all correct. 
The server and staff were friendly and seemed to enjoy their job. Although he did say he did not receive benefits. 

We ate outside since we had our dogs with us, but I did go inside and check it out. The setting was nice, and tables and booths were not on top of each other. I really like that! The  restaurant and women's' restroom was clean, however some things seemed to be poorly organized for them not being very busy. 

I would definitely revisit. I think it's a great place for a date, nice night out or daytime.笑
This place has a cool location and atmosphere. The food however food is over priced for the amount you get and the quality of food. The Spanish rice tasted like it was made from a cheap box from the grocery store. The customer service was great.笑
Great atmosphere and really good food. Went for happy hour (1/2 priced apps and not sure of the drink specials but the margs were full price and we didn't care for any of them). Great crab cakes, wonderful mango chicken salad with jicama and excellent ceviche but the table side guacamole was standard fare, nothing special. Great bar scene and huge dining room and outdoor patio, will definitely return and just drink wine.笑
Like many others writing here, I gave this place several chances and now I'm done. Will not go back. 

The food and drinks have typically been good for a sit-down chain, but not great.  But the service and management are inexcusably bad. Two times in a row I have made reservations and arrived with my family to be told there was a twenty to thirty minute wait.  Neither time was the place that crowded, both times were Friday evenings when they should have been well-staffed, and both times the excuse was they were "understaffed." Also, both times we waited five minutes before anyone even acknowledged us at host desk. We sucked it up and waited (30 mins) the first time and ended up with two mismatched tables pushed together next to the kitchen. Second time we walked. 

Cantina Laredo is just not that good that they can get away with these kinds of management and service deficiencies. Hope something better takes their place when they inevitably shut down.笑
I've been to this place quite often. It's one of my wife's favorite places to eat. We had lunch here earlier and I feel that our experience keeps going down. We were greeted instantly by the young host and seated quickly. We noticed a server there that we don't care for so politely asked if we can get another server. The server today was ok. Now, in my opinion I not only want my drinks to be refilled when low and my food to be brought out fairly quickly, but to be personable and happy and make it seem like you like your job. He wasn't very personable, friendly, or very much conversation. However, he did pay attention to us saying it was our grandmas birthday so he brought out a dessert. 

The food was ok. Brunch entrees are much better. 

On a positive note, I want to say the bartender there was super friendly and recognized my wife and I and made an effort to shake our hands at our table. Now that is good customer service! Hire people like that!笑
Amazing everyone and everything was just Amazing! ! Lilly was the best server I have ever had very sweet!  Thanks so much!笑
I came for Happy Hour on a friday and the place was pretty busy, especially considering Tivoli is a Happy Hour heaven with every restaurant in the plaza offering great deals.  I had 2 very strong margaritas for about $5 each.  I don't think they were the best tasting margaritas in town, but they were pretty strong.  Just like any other Mexican restaurant you get the complimentary chips and salsa.  Their salsa had a nice kick and their Happy Hour tacos were tasty, though a little small.  

Most Mexican restaurants taste relatively the same to me and their menus are usually the same fajitas, tacos, etc. type of selection.  As far as a great restaurant, I don't think Cantina is a must try.  It's a nice Mexican variety but it won't blow you away.  The Happy Hour is quality though so come 4-7pm if you want a strong margarita.笑
This place has a great location in Tivoli Village. They have a good indoor outdoor bar and several inexpensive offerings for happy hour. One of the best features of this restaurant is that they allow your dog to sit out with you on the patio while you dine. 

The food is not traditional (authentic) Mexican food which doesn't bother me. But, the poor execution is an issue. We have eaten here a handful of times. I guess because I keep hoping to select something on the menu that I love. Unfortunately, that hasn't happened. The highlight of the menu is their guacamole and chips which are made table side. Their complimentary salsas are also very tasty. 

I would give Cantina Loredo another try. It's a shame that we haven't found a good Mexican restaurant in the Summerlin area. My husband likes this place a lot more than I do. He is a fan of the fajitas. So, the 3 star review is an average of both of our opinions.笑
This is the second time I've dined at this place during happy hour time! Which by the way, the HH is a freaking deal! So much food.. so little $$!

To start off, for some odd reason, I love the decor of this place! Especially the big door when you enter!

Now the food.. I ordered the Ahi Tuna Tacos, chicken taco, barbacoa taco and pesacado taco, and the SLIDERS!!

Chips and salsa is complimentary. Thin corn chips with 2 different kinds of salsa. Both were delicious! 

The tacos were good.. nothing to rage and tell friends about. All served on corn tortilla unless requested otherwise. The chicken was too salty so that kind of overshadowed any salsa or toppings on it. Fish taco was good.. I'm always a fan of fish tacos. Barbacoa was great.. the red onions on top is what makes it! 

But now THE SLIDERS!!! who would ever think sliders at a Mexican restaurant would be any good.. but I tell ya! Order these then thank me later... I guarantee you will. These are charcoal grilled sliders with aioli, guacamole and BACON! These burgers are good! Not dried or overcooked. Seasoned perfectly! It is served with fries that are beyond words. The fries are topped with caramelized jalapeños and onions! This is the best HH item on their menu! 

The bartender, I forgot his name already. He was very nice and great service. It was slow so he really chit chatted with us.笑
Wow my hubby and I just finished having brunch here...what a poor experience. First off we walked in right as they opened which isn't until 11 a.m
We were seated but it took forever to get our order in and another 20 minutes for our food to arrive. I ordered the juevos Migas and it arrived undercooked with barely any eggs mind you there is bacon in there! Everyone working there seemed very unhappy with barely any smile on their face. How sad. There were only 3 tables but the waiter kept bringing the foods to the wrong tables. Last but no least we asked for our check and that as well took forever... I had to go inside to ask somebody to bring our check-in 
Hope they get their act together or else we don't see this place lasting much longer.笑
Came here with half the group from poppy den brunch, for some margaritas. Was told they were great, and $8!!!!  The place is so sleek. I was very impressed  with the decor. We sat at the round table right across from the bar. We ordered the house margaritas. Before I say I didn't like them, (I didn't), let me explain.  Hussongs, in Mandalay bay, makes the best margaritas......ever! Simple simple recipe. Fresh squeezed lime juice, homemade simple syrup, gold tequilla and grand mariner floater. That's it. I make it at home and it's outstanding. Nooooooow, when I go out and want to have a rita, they are always lacking. We were lucky enough to get there 10 minutes before their $2 mimosa brunch special ended. We had 2 of those and they were good. The margarita??? Eeehhh. The first, one, I had to send back, was so incredibly sweet. The replacement was better. We didn't eat anything so I'm not sure how the food is. Service was good. I'd go back and try the brunch special, oh, and some mimosas too!笑
I like the food here. The Bar is definitely the best place to sit. The bartender are extremely nice. They get the food out quickly and make great recommendations.笑
We were excited to try the happy hour menu at this new place in Tivoli Village. That excitement quickly turned into dismay as we experienced the shitty service and crappy food. When we do happy hour, although we prefer sitting at a table, oftentimes we sit at the bar counter if we are concerned about slow service by the waitstaff. Typically, the bartenders do a much better job refilling your water and attending to you than the regular waitstaff. Unfortunately, this was the exception to that rule. Frankly, this was probably some of the worst service we've ever had sitting at the bar. We are very understanding if the bar/restaurant is busy, but this wasn't one of those cases. The bartender asked if we were interested in the happy hour menu and what we wanted to drink. We replied yes and we would start with ice water until we had a chance to peruse the menu. He acknowledged us but then proceeded to take care of other bar customers for the next several minutes before eventually serving us ice water. We got impatient waiting for him to give us a menu so we grabbed a menu that had been placed aside by one of the other customers sitting a few seats away.

We decided to order the Mahi Mahi fish tacos ($13), pork al pastor tacos ($11), ahi tuna tacos ($9) and steak flatbread ($11) and save room for the mango tres leches for dessert. The tacos came in orders of 3. Everything was half-price for happy hour, except for desserts. We were served a complimentary basket of tortilla chips and 2 kinds of salsa, mild and spicy. The chips were unusually thin and the salsas unremarkable. Our order came out pretty quickly, about 10-15 minutes after we ordered. The flatbread was huge. It was not bad but not great and also the best dish by far. The pork al pastor was a distant second and quite disappointing. Instead of pieces of pork sliced off a rotating spit, it consisted of ground pork marinated with Mexican spices but severely lacking in salt. The Mahi Mahi tacos were bland and very skimpy on the fish and drowning in a raw red onion "salsa" which completely drowned out other flavors. The ahi tuna tacos were our least favorite. They were unusually sweet and soggy due to the extremely watery and bland guacamole underneath. On our way to the restroom, we spotted their dessert display tray sitting on a random counter. We were hoping that perhaps dessert would bring some minor redemption, but the mango tres leches did not look legit so we decided to pass.

Now, let's continue talking about the service. After telling our bartender that we only wanted to drink water, he asked if we were sure we didn't want a margarita. I find this second-guessing and upselling tactic incredibly annoying. If I wanted to order an alcoholic drink, then I would've ordered one. To add insult to injury, we had to attempt to get his attention and wave him down numerous times for everything from water refills, getting the check, and even for eating utensils, believe it or not! At least a couple of times, our water glasses were completely empty and ignored even though he was standing directly in front of us after he finished entering orders into the register. Once we finally got our check the bartender actually had the gall to say "Sorry about the poor service tonight. We just got slammed. I hope you understand." Oh, really? Maybe, we're both blind because it certainly didn't appear busy at all. In fact, the place was mostly empty. Listen if you're going to own up to poor service, then don't try to justify it with some BS excuse. Hey Luis, understand this: you are lucky that we still tipped you 10% on the happy hour pricing instead of a big fat goose egg. We usually tip 15% on the regular non-discounted pricing, but this guy didn't even deserve what we gave him.

In summary, inauthentic Mexican food that is gross to subpar even by Americanized standards combined with abysmal service gets Cantina Laredo 1.5 stars. Since my wife rounded up to 2 stars, I'm rounding down to 1. Frankly, we were shocked by how pathetic both the food and service were. We expected that this place would rate at least 3 stars, but I guess you never know for sure until you try. Never again.笑
I have only been twice, but I am a fan! The happy hour is great. Fun atmosphere and affordable prices.  If you go, do try the chicken quesadillas.  The chicken is plump, white chunks with delicious melted cheese.  Yum.  Wish I had one right now.  Chips and salsa are pretty darn good too- margaritas are great too if you are in the mood.笑
Food and margaritas are really good. Food and drinks are pricey and the menu is limited. Overall, nice "once in a while" place to eat.笑
Not good at all. Staff were helpful, food was horrible. How can you mess up beans?笑
Love Happy Hour here 11am-5pm on Saturday when most do not even offer it. Cold beer great margaritas and 1/2 price tacos. Oh I can not forget about Edwardo and Carlos. The best bartenders in town!!!!!笑
The atmosphere is nice, beautiful restaurant and great outdoor place. Service?The server was nice, recommended the house specialty margarita: not so great.  It took a while before he came back to take our order. It took even a lot longer to get the check in the end. We ordered the quesadilla as a starter-it was weird...tasted like they used too much and too "fake" cheese...Than we had a combination fajita-the portion was big, but no flavor-we also got 3 pieces of tortillas with it. I did not like the desert- too "eggy"- we ordered the flan. Overall...unfortunate that such a beautiful location does not offer better food....and the service is just mediocre,not sure I will go back.笑
BEWARE!!! My husband and i both had a few bites of the steak from there and it didnt taste right so we stopped eating it. (That is the only thing we both ate the same that day). We both ended up with horrifying food poisoning for 2 days. I am pregnant so of course i am extremely scared and mad. Still have yet to get the little one checked out... but hopefully the baby is okay. PLEASE AVOID THIS PLACE! I feel like i died for 2 days and am finally coming back to life.笑
I came to Cantina Laredo with my parents and was pleasantly surprised. I know that this is a chain restaurant so I was expecting a typical chain experience, but this was not the case. Our server was gracious, friendly, and accommodating.  The chips and salsa were warm and delicious, our food was served quickly, and our waiter was extremely friendly. I've gone back twice since I started this review in Jan 2014 (hehe) and have loved it every time. The margaritas (house or non) are great. A great place to come for dates, family time, etc.笑
The ahi tuna tacos that everyone talks about. ..they are completely raw and cold.  I wish they had a seared option. However,  I was thrilled with the veggie enchiladas.  Vivian,  our fantastic bartender,  allowed me to get them 2 ways!笑
I found my new favorite brunch spot! The brunch menu items are served with a complimentary mimosa or bloody maria. You get a huge portion, a side of potatoes and fresh fruit served in a cinnamon sugar tortilla cup. The entrees we ordered were about $11 each, so all that and a drink is such a great deal! 

I ordered the huevos divorciados. Its a corn cake with 2 eggs on top with a green sauce on one side, red on the other. Both sauces were amazing, but I liked the green more. The corn cake was perfect, looks like a pancake but not sweet. My husband ordered the chicken fajita omelette, which was huge. The sauce thats on top is so good. Lots of chicken and veggies with plenty of cheese but not overloaded. 

Service was very friendly and our food came out so fast I was surprised. From other yelp reviews I've seen they offer $2 mimosas on Sundays. We had a second one after the complimentary, but we weren't charged. So thanks Cantino Laredo for great service, great food, and free drinks!笑
We went to dinner here the other night. I'm giving it a generous 3 only b/c the mango salad and the desserts were amazing. 
On he other hand we weren't very happy with a couple things, but we made the best of it. The guacamole was good but was too heavy on the onions. The meals themselves were ok but not great. I had the chicken enchiladas with mole sauce. It was not very good bc of the mole sauce. The waiter told us that the mole sauce was sweet and that's why we got the entree, it was not sweet it was just blah with no real flavor. 
As I said the desserts were really good and amazing, we tried them all. Unfortunately before we left we used the restroom and it was very dirty and a mess. One toilet had (a mess), there where no toilet seat protectors and there was paper towels on the floor buy the sink. 
We wanted to try this restaurant b/c I read good reviews on it and my family wanted to go. So we tried it, but we will likely not be going back. With all of the restaurants choices especially around in that area we were hoping for a little more.笑
Awesome restuarants and good with big parties also try there sangria and margaritas  , very great , worth it.笑
My husband and I love Tivoli Village. It's high end shops and restaurants are what we enjoy, and it was our first time dining at Cantina Laredo. With the same expectations of execptional food and service toward this location as the others, I would have to say that we were let down with just a mediocre welcome, regular service (nothing more than just what their job description asks for), and a disppointing meal. It was a very slow night, and we were the only ones dining in our area We always have an open mind with trying new foods anywhere we go (certified foodie geeks), but an example of that disappointment was their Laredo cheese appetizer. What sounded like a great precursor, suggested to us by our server, turned out to be melted velveeta cheese and canned taco meat. For such a beautful restaurant in a beautiful location, it seemed so underwhelming. My husband asked for a Bloody Maria and he got a Bloody Mary instead. He drank it anyway, but didn't bother to order any more drinks after that. Luckily, the mole enchiladas saved the day when those were served, but I am certain we will not return. We left with long faces and genuine sadness that it couldn't be better. Total bummer. Oh well.笑
I'm giving them two stars because the food was decently good. Having said that, all else is pretty negative. Sat outside on a sunny Thursday, was one of less than 10 tables in the restaurant. Host was nice and inviting, server was slow and lazy. I ordered an ice tea and was finally given it in a dirty glass after I had to ask again for it 20 min later. That was when we finally saw the server again. Silverware and plates dirty, my wife's water glass had food particles floating in it upon delivery. We won't be back even if the food was ok, I hope the health department goes in there and gets them to clean up their act.笑
Horrible service.  I went there Thursday during happy hour and it wasn't even busy.  Once we were seated we had a chance to look at the menu.  However, not one employee In the place acknowledged us.  No one came to the table to offer us anything to drink.  After 10 minutes of sitting there with no service we decided to get up and leave. The hostess was kind enough to ask us if we were ok.  I had told her that we were sitting there for 10 minutes and nobody even acknowledged us and that I would rather go somewhere else. You would think that in a place like that the service would be a little bit better. Especially with the high prices on the menu and being located in Tivoli Village. And like I said before the place was not busy at all. The servers were just walking around doing nothing. Never again will I set foot in that place. And I will not be surprised if it doesn't last much longer.笑
Burt wouldn't come back.
 It wasn't completely horrible, but Burt won't be back.

The guacamole is excellent. The margaritas were very good. The problem was the entrées.  Tampico which was highly recommended,  was mediocre and lacked flavor. As did the chicken enchiladas and the mahi tacos. Very bland. Coffee was TERRIBLE. The apple pie dessert is great. The waiter was helpful and attentive.
 
So that's the problem. Apps and desert are wonderful. The entrees are boring and very expensive for Mexican. 

But then again what did Burt expect from a Mexican food chain located in an Italian themed mall in Las Vegas?笑
I love Tivoli Village and was looking forward to trying a new happy hour spot.  This restaurant is very attractive and has a nice layout.  My girlfriend and I sat in the bar and started with chips, salsa and what we thought was a complimentary guacamole prepared table side to your liking.  What made us think it was complementary and a feature of the restaurant was that there was a tip jar on the cart and no mention of the $9.95 charge.  We also ordered the $3 ritas, crab cakes, nachos al carbon (beef), and the flautas de pollo.  Nothing extremely amazing about the food but it was good.  We had no problems with service and I think this would be a great spot to catch the game as a they have a couple large screen TVs.  They also took the guac charge off the bill.  I honestly have no problem with charging for it, my problem is not letting us know beforehand.  I mean we go to happy hours for a deal and that $9.95 gauc charge equals three more house ritas!   I'm pretty sure I will be back and look forward to when the weather is nice enough to sit outside.笑
Really Great experience. My boyfriend and I came in at 9 on a Saturday night and it was really quite. We made a reservation but didn't need one. We were sat promptly with hot fresh tortilla chips and two in house salsas. One was hot and one cold. We both got enchiladas. The Veracruz and Chicken Poblano. We finished off with the Mexican Apple pie and cinnamon ice-cream. Service was fast and friendly. I'll be back笑
Their happy hour food is great.  I love the pastor tacos are great and they can make a great lemon drop.   I do not care so much for their house margarita so I wish they could change that up a bit.笑
I came here with my friend last night for dinner and had an overall pleasant experience. Our waitress was super nice and friendly and was very thorough in explaining the menu to us. I ordered enchiladas and my friend got tacos. The portions are a bit on the smaller side but everything tasted pretty good. I got the white wine sangria as well, but to be honest it wasn't anything especially unique. Still enjoyed it nonetheless! 

All in all, it was a spacious and nicely decorated restaurant, the food was decent, and the service was exceptional so I'll give it three stars.笑
Cute little place in Tivoli Village next to Boca Park.  They have an amazing happy hour and everything we've had there has been great.  It's a little spendy if you don't go for happy hour, but otherwise the atmosphere is great.笑
Had a reservation for Xmas eve for 8 people. I called to confirm the Friday before & the restaurant called me the day of. When we got there they wanted to split the party of 8 onto two tables! The hostess said I'm sorry the tables are bolted down we can't put two together! The place was almost empty and you can't sit my party @ one table? I asked for a manager who was of no help simply stating we have a large table that's just about to get up would you like that? Yes thank you Mr bald headed manager I would like it as I have 8 people I would like to sit at one table. We waited another 10 for the table to clear then get reset. Then we sat and sat waiting I swear another 10 minutes for Caesar our server to greet us. I would have thought Mr Mgr would have been on it offering us an apology or some great service but no. Drinks took forever, screwed up the margarita because we said no salt so it kept getting worse. I ordered the $23 fajitas which came out on a warm cast iron plate on a wood trivet, every body's food was warm not hot. I will give credit to the taste of the food as I did like it, just wished it was hot. The server tried his best but it just didn't work. I wish them luck. Thanks for nothing I won't be back笑
Dine in at their patio and it was kinda relaxing for you can feel the breeze and it was really a nice place to have a dinner. I ordered grilled chicken with some mango mole sauce but it tasted different though. It was good but I couldn't really figure it out if it was chicken or lamb lol. It probably be because of the mango mole sauce that made it taste like a lamb. I'm giving it a 4 star only because our server was kinda slow. Fall asleep again waiting for our cheques to come.笑
I'm with Ashley, can't believe I've not written a review.  Amazing, my favourite Marg's in the entire valley. You see those people squeezing those wee limes all day long. I really can't stand an over sugared sour mixed yankee margarita. I've always sat at the bar, had brilliant service, grand  late night and early eve happy hours. They have daily specials too. I love their chips and salsa, warm and not overly salted like el segundo (no offense segundo, I love lettuce entertain you, but your chips and salsa are wayy  to over NaCl(ed).  If you order the guac, you don't have to get the table side you can order one from the kitchen and its a bit cheaper.
Cheers and thanks for turning me around now a regular.笑
Even del taco  would taste better than this food. Our server was horrible. No common courtsey. Did not even refill my glass of water. He was only interested is offering high priced drinks.  
Del carbon chicken was dry and bland. I hate paying $20 for a dish when it is no way worth it. Mt guest ordered fajitas and he said the same thing. Even the salsa served as starter with chips was bad. 
This is a real bad food and for anyone who understand flavors and knows what good food is will agree.  
This restaurant is off my list. Not going there again.笑
I had enjoyed some really good lunches and happy hours here a year or so back.
Yesterday I walked in with a friend around 2:00 in the afternoon.
It was for the most part completely empty. No one at the bar and no bartender in site.
We waited a good ten minutes before anyone even came up front to seat us.
I decided to pass.......when all the other places are packed on a beautiful afternoon and
this one had no one in it.....I had really bad feelings.  Hope I'm wrong,笑
The food doesn't seem quite as tasty as it once was.  We have shifted to other restaurants.  I'm trying to be more specific about our criticisms.

Other Yelpers need to understand that we moved to Las Vegas from Texas, and we are used to Tex-Mex with fairly robust flavors--not the more mild flavors favored by people from some other parts of the country.   We also prefer New Mexican-Mex food to Tex-Mex.  The spices used for Mexican food in Texas, New Mexico and Arizona can be fairly strong, and we like it that way.

I believe that Cantina Laredo is Texas based, but the chefs and cooks in the Las Vegas Cantina Laredo seemingly have taken a less spicy route to the cooking than we found on our earlier visits, which has left the food a little too bland for our tastes but not bad.笑
Came here with a few friends earlier this week and I was pleasantly surprised.  The guacamole was chunky and fresh!  The chips are light, thin, and crispy - so watch out, they can be addictive.  I recommend scooping the guacamole onto your chip with a spoon.  Otherwise, you're going to have a lot of small broken chip casualties from the heaviness of the chunky guacamole.  

I wasn't too hungry, so I had a chicken salad with cilantro lime vinaigrette, which I would certainly order again.

The atmosphere and guacamole are the highlights of the restaurant.  Cantina Laredo has comfortable seating both inside and outside.  The inside is beautifully decorated in coastal modern elegance!

If I'm ever in the neighborhood, I'll probably come here again.笑
Finally got the chance to come here for dinner. I was very hungry and looked forward to some delicious dishes. My impression was not great and I have tasted better Mexican food. The refried beans tasted like they came from a can and the rice was not that good. The chicken flautas were ok, but they did not seem fresh and tasted like they were cooked from frozen. This is a nice place for drinks, as Cantina Ladero has a beautiful ambience. Not impressed at all with the food. It was just...ok.  :/笑
Dude, the Mexican Apple Pie...  Holy crap...  they get 5 stars just for that.笑
I had been dying to come back to Cantina Laredo after the outstanding Yelp Gold Elite dinner I attended a little over a month ago.  The plan was to pick up my wife after she got out of work and I went over to Misti's CMYE at La Belle Terre in the meantime.  Unfortunately (or fortunately?) the treats they offered were really, really good and I couldn't bear to eat...just ...one.  

So I wasn't that hungry when we rolled in here.  We split an appetizer and entree.  But it looked like happy hour was truly where it was at with half price margaritas, $3 beer and half off the bar menu.  They run that from 4pm-7pm and after 9pm.  Ofcourse we're there at 7:30pm.  We made sure to order things that weren't discounted during happy hour.

Appetizer: My wife's only request is that she wanted something with cheese.  What?  At a Mexican restaurant???  Are you sure???  It didn't get much cheesier than the "Laredo Fundido" which was a huge bowl of cheese sauce with taco meat in it.  This would be excellent to share with a group.   I would've preferred the tableside guacamole.  A lot of tables ordered it and that looked great.

Entree: The "Enchilada Mole" was pretty good.  Mole isn't something I want to have most of the time but it sounded great and it delivered.  The sauce had good flavor and tasted like only mole could.

I'll definitely be back for some of the more exciting dishes when I have more of an appetite.  The outdoor area will be great when it gets warmer too.笑
Ordered the guacamole and the first time it was too spicy even though we ordered mild. It came back better the next time and it included cilantro which gave it a good flavor. I like that they ask you if you want red onion in it, which we didn't. The service was very slow and an ice tea took forever to be brought out. Food was ok but with the slow service, will probably not come back. They have a nice outdoor patio with reggae music playing which made for a nice atmosphere, but the service needs to improve if they want to have repeat customers.笑
Lisa took care of us and was extremely pleasant :) Our food was excellent as well. We will definitely come back!笑
My girls and I come to Cantinas for lunch often. The happy hour is the best and Carlos always makes our day with the best customer service and his beautiful smile.笑
Flavors are not authentic.  They need to hire a chef who knows how to prepare excellent Enchiladas.  The enchiladas here were dry and I felt like they used the taco ground beef mixture in their enchiladas and served it on the plate without ample sauce and cheese wasn't quite melted.笑
Great happy hour and service on this visit! Chips and salsa and guacamole as well as the desserts are to die for!笑
Jaclyn was fantastic!!!!! It's Friday night extremely busy, yet our food was delivered promptly and it was delicious. The general manager D Workman, took good care of us and he is friendly.  Jaclyn made this experience extraordinary.  We were not expecting the quality of service we received.  I want to thank the staff for been nice.  The customer service business can be challenging, and this group of people make it seem so effortlessly.  Great experience wonderful staff and delicious food..  Thank you Mr. Workman for taking care of your  customers.笑
Came to Tivoli Village for their fall festival and decided to have a cocktail and some lunch with my parents and little babes. I thought it would be packed around 1pm but surprisingly it was pretty slow and unfortunately the service was the same. We ordered margaritas, one of which was the "skinny" and wasn't impressed. The skinny was super sweet and just tasted like sugar. 

We ordered the ceviche which was delicious but I would have loved a bit of jalapeño kick as it was very mild. We all picked items from the brunch menu and went with the mimosa as our complimentary drink of choice. Bad choice, it tasted like pure orange juice. We all agreed the dishes were ok but nothing to write home about. The ranchero sauce was the best part in my dish.笑
EXCELLENT food and EXCELLENT service. I have been coming here since they opened. Usually here for the happy hour, which is incredible value for the bar food. As we know, most "restaurants" in vegas suck. Not this place. Could stand up to any top mexican joint in this country. The bartenders are exceptional. Again, a rare achievement. Whoever is running this place deserves great credit for bringing quality and service to a town that greatly needs it. btw, their bathroom is immaculate!笑
Well, I would like to write a review based on my experience eating here, but unfortunately that's not possible. We sat at a table for 20 minutes without acknowledgement from any waiter, though there were several working the outdoor area where the unfriendly hostess had seated us. Sadly, we ended up walking out. We won't be back.笑
My grandmother always said that if you don't have something good to say, don't say anything at all.  Sorry Grandma...

We've enjoyed drinks there a couple of times before, but I guess there's a difference between being at the bar and watching them make your drink, versus ordering drinks at the table where you get, well, what they give you.  Those simple margaritas sure didn't taste like they were made with the Herradura reposado we paid extra for.  The beef enchiladas were made with ground beef (I should have asked) and had a mushy texture (I'm guessing beans).  The beef tacos should have been called onion beef tacos, if they have to list ingredients by quantity.  Service was sub-par.  Tables hadn't been cleared, yet I watched a busboy walk around with empty hands.  The best part of the meal were the chips that came first -- they were light and crisp, and not salted.  Too bad most chips were broken up so small that we couldn't eat them with the dip.  All in all, a mistake we won't make again.笑
Visited Cantina Laredo for the second time. Food was great! Our server Eric was awesome! Again, I had my Top Shelf Guacamole and my delicious Carne Asada...  Casa Rita Margarita was also fantastic!!! I guess I got addicted to this restaurant. Quality is something that really matters to me and they have it all! Thank you, Cantina Laredo Staff for great food and service, even in a busy night... See you soon!笑
This place was a nice departure from the typical Mexican restaurant. A little more upscale and modern. Very fresh and delicious food!  The complimentary chips and salsa were so good. Not greasy or heavy like a lot of other Mexican restaurants. Shrimp enchiladas were very flavorful and the table side guacamole and dessert options were a fun touch. Definitely would go back again and again!笑
One of the first places I went to when moving here.  Love it.  The cocktails are stiff and HH food is cheap and delicious.   Has a really nice patio area to sit outside. Service is good.笑
Decided to give this a try. The food was good, but not what I'd call authentic. The restaurant is clean and comfortable. My wife had the fish tacos and I had the chicken and spinach enchiladas. Service was ok. Chips, salsa and guacamole were good also.笑
Ate here for lunch today and it took forever to be seated... After finally being seated it took forever to b place our order. .. We hadn't even received water til 15 minutes after brewing seated. .. Some old lady was obviously the waitress. .. It was not busy & she never said anything like I'd be right with you...just ignored us. .. usually when we come we are greeted by a really super nice Latina lady who got transferred to California... Hopefully they get better customer service.笑
The worst thing that can happen to a restaurant is exactly what is happening here.
Great! Sucks! Great! Sucks! We decided to try. Saturday afternoon. Went right to the bar for drinks and food. Got the water. 10 minutes later. Ordered drinks. No menu. Nothing.  10 minutes later. First drink. This is a text book case of poor management. 
One bartender to service the restaurant AND the bar. Did not get a chance to try the food. A girl came by and dropped off chips and salsa. No napkins, No plates nothing. We were hungry. $23 for 2 drinks. Asked the roving manager for the check.
Glad I had cash because we would still be there waiting. We walked over to Brio. Wife was very disappointed. She really wanted Mexican. Brio was on top of their game. Great service. Great bartenders. Great food. Great drinks. My personal recommendation? Try Laredo in 3 months if it is still there. We won't be back.笑
One of our favorite spots! Service is kind of slow, but the delicious food always makes up for it! My boyfriend and I always start with table side guac and the ahi tuna tacos. For our entrees, I enjoyed the crab enchiladas and my bf the Chilean sea bass. The Mexican apple pie is a MUST HAVE! Overall, I say go!笑
I've had much, much better. I didn't care for the beans or rice. They tasted as if they came out of a can and a box. The tacos were OK. I got the ones with the brisket. The meat tasted OK. The service wasn't great. We had a waitress that was in such a hurry and seemed to be bothered when we asked her questions because she just had to go--a real turn off!笑
I have dined here numerous times and I can highly recommend the drinks, food and service. I love the guacamole, the enchiladas and tacos. I come back again and again for the mango margaritas at happy hour...to die for.笑
I was craving a mango margarita. 
Thanx to Yelp I found this awesome Mexican/American place near my house. We sat at the bar. 
I had the mango margarita (strong-love it!) 
3 tacos (chicken, barbacoa, beef) w/ a side of guacamole...;) yummy!
Uh did I mention the chips and dip are addicting?! Super fresh and delicious! 

The service was exceptional. 
Eduardo our bartender/server is such a professional and super fun to be around. Eduardo really makes you feel at home and makes the best drinks.

I'll be back! (Terminator voice) ;)hehe笑
I came here recently with my mother, sister and brother-in-law the day before Mother's Day.  We had originally intended to eat lunch at a different restaurant inside Tivoli, but the wait was too long and we found this place instead, mostly just by following our noses to the amazing grilled chicken smell.

When we entered, the hostess station was empty, so we stood at the front for about five minutes before someone came in to greet and seat us.  The only reason that seemed a bit odd to me was because we did come here during lunch and during lunch there wasn't anybody at the front to seat peope.

When we finally got seated, the waitress took our drink orders while we looked over the menu.  In the additional five minutes it took the waitress to bring our simple drinks to our table (two waters and two iced teas) we had already decided on our meals and ordered. 

The food is AMAZING!  The service is subpar.  That's the best way that I can summarize my experience at Cantina Laredo.  The service wasn't horrible, I'll definitely come back, but it also wasn't the sort of thing you expect when you're equally paying for a nicely cooked meal and amazing customer service.  At one point, our waitress hadn't returned and we were ready to leave.  So, we flagged down another waiter and requested a takeout box and extra tortillas from him.  Our waitress DID NOT like that.  She corrected us and then ran down to find the waiter and fulfill our request herself.

To repeat, if you come to this place, you're only really coming for the fantastic food and even knowing that, I completely recommend Cantina Laredo.  Here's hoping in my future visits that the service improves.笑
Jacelyn gave us great service.  will come back for Happy hour. Great place to stop by for drinks after Work. Also they have places to shop.笑
Great place, friendly staff, really cheap but good food. Hot atmosphere. 100% recomended!笑
I'm in my mid 50s and I have not tasted better guacamole in my life, not to mention the apple pie! Well, ok. Lets talk about the apple pie. It's homemade here in the restaurant every day. It has a wonderful blend of flavors incorporating sweet and tart, cinnamony and citrousy. It's covered with a generous portion of cinnamon ice cream and then drowned in a hot bubbly buttery brandy sauce.

The vegetables they serve with their dishes are fresh, and I can actually taste the veggie! -each has it's own distinct signature of flavor.

Jose was our server. I have to say, the service was prompt, personable, friendly and proficient and honest. REFRESHING!

I will definitely be back and  I can't wait to share this place with my friends and family.笑
Amazing atmosphere, Fantastic drinks, delicious foods and impeccable service. I love it here. Try the Rib-Eye wow  it's awesome笑
This was my second time here (previously for dinner and this time for lunch) - and I have to say this place wasn't that impressive, especially for the prices. If you're already in Tivoli Village maybe give it a go, but if you're in the car deciding-just go somewhere else. 

This time around we ordered the tacos barbacoa ($11) and the beef enchiladas ($10) off of the lunch menu. Both were served with rice. The tacos were served with black beans and the enchiladas with pinto (we weren't offered a choice when ordering-so I want to point that out). 

The tacos were two street tacos. The flavor was okay, but not spectacular. For the price I expected more. More flavor. Bigger tacos. A third taco. More something. The rice was undercooked. Im not a huge fan of black beans, so I wish the waiter would've asked or the menu indicated what type of beans each item is served with. In the end, I felt a bit rooked on lunch. Oh well. 

I tried some of my husband's beef enchiladas (2) as well, served with pintos and rice. The beef was ground beef with a mixture of potato. I would expect a restaurant of this type to be above serving ground beef - something we can all easily make at home. Additionally, they were served with a con carne type of sauce, not enchilada sauce. The flavor was good. But again, the food underplayed for the price. 

We also ordered the house margarita and the strawberry margarita ($11 each). Both were very good and the saving grace for lunch. They offer these at a discount for happy hour, which might be worthwhile if in the neighborhood. 

In the end, I felt the menu prices, which are more expensive at dinner, reflected a high overhead rent for being in Tivoli Village and were not reflective of the food quality.笑
EExcellent .....feshly made guacamole salad super custom made .....clean ....very accomodating with kids .  Prices are good ....super delicious fiesta fajitas ....quail was fantastic .....I wish tortillas were made on site ....so easy to make .  Johnny the server was very attentive and knowledgeable ....and good sense of humour ...not intrusive at all.  Try the flan.....bravo!!!!!!!!笑
Food was pretty decent but service left much to be desired. Came to celebrate my birthday with friends, had to practically beg our server to smile or pay attention to us. In the middle of selecting our appetizers he just walked away, didn't return for 10 minutes. Got water in the beginning, couldn't get a refill until he was clearing our plates, despite our efforts to get his attention. Sangria is tasty but can't imagine any of us will return.笑
This place is amazing. Can't beat the happy hour. And the bartender Eric was awesome. Great drinks, great food.笑
I've been here three times, so I obviously like it, though not without complaint.  I think the food is really good, and the drinks are great but very pricey for off the Strip.  The restaurant is beautiful, and I'm looking forward to warm weather when the patio with bar seating is open.  There's something for everyone on the menu, and everyone enjoyed their food every time I've been.  Service has been an issue, and you get the sense that the young ladies out front are more about eye candy than knowing how to seat guests.  You can find both in this town, CL, so keep looking.  My biggest complaint with CL, like many places off the Strip, is that guests should be greeted by a server within five minutes of being seated.  If you're not able to do that, you're not really ready to seat them.  I hope CL works out it's server issues because I want them to hang around.  If they don't, they won't, and that would be a shame--it's a cool place.笑
Very impressed with this place.  Not even accounting for their KILLER HAPPY HOUR, the menu is amazing.  No compromises from authentic Mexican, the menu is familiar items with unique twists and high quality ingredients that make it hard to ever go back to "just another Mexican restaurant".  Try the fajitas and the slow cooked carnitas.笑
Come here for special dates with my boyfriend. We always get something different and it's always pretty good. Most of the time service is good, today they're short staffed so we're bearing with them. I like this place it's got lots of seating always, and solid modern American Mexican style food. The table side guacamole is tasty made to your liking. I love their tinga chicken.笑
Chicken Fajita was fair, Chicken Enchilada was below par.  Very plain.   Only chicken inside of tortilla covered with a white cheese sauce and rice on the side.   Very plain ambience.   Looks nothing like a Mexican restaurant.   The server took away our dirty dishes,  chips and salsa while we were still eating.   I'll never go again.笑
Poor Service, Good Food.  While the restaurant was not busy when we went for lunch at 2:00pm yesterday, it took more than 30 minutes for our server to take our order.  Once the food arrived, everyone enjoyed what they ordered.  The fresh-made guacamole was excellent.  With good service, I'd give this either 4 or 5 stars.笑
Yummy Skinny Girl Margaritas with fresh tortilla chips and made while you watch guacamole?  Oh yeah, you got me!笑
It was ok. The guacamole at your table thing takes way too long and I just sat there staring at my waiter mashing an avocado at someone else's table wishing they would just finish and come back to me because I needed to order something. Way to stuffy and I won't be back.笑
Always came here for lunch and never left disappointed, last time I went it was  for dinner by myself and sat at the bar, I was quickly greeted with their house chips and salsa, atmosphere was kinda non existent (maybe bc I came to have dinner at a Mexican restaurant on St Patrick's day) nonetheless my food was tasty (I had the Tampico chicken... stay away from this dish if you're lactose intolerant though lol). Service was okay but my food came out super fast.笑
This is one of the nicer Mexican restaurants I've been to and I was glad they take reservations because we were coming with a large group of co-workers to celebrate some birthdays. It was a Sunday night and when I arrived they had 2 large tables set up for our group, although the rest of the restaurant was pretty empty.

We had some margaritas, that were alright so I mostly opted for Dos Equis Amber drafts, which was served in tall skinny glasses. We ordered a few appetizers to share: queso dip and tableside guacamole, which was pretty cool since you got to see the waitress making a fresh batch for you. Everyone got various different entrees and I wasn't able to try them all but the quesadillas and tacos were tasty, as well as the tres leches cake for dessert. We told the waitress we were celebrating birthdays and she brought out brownies with burning sparklers so we could sing to our birthday peeps, which I thought was really nice of them.

I think we were there pretty close to closing time because service was a little slow and we only had 1 waitress despite having a group of about 15 people. In the end, we had a great time and the food was excellent, just took us a few hours to dine because everything seemed to move so slow...at least they didn't kick us out! We ended up leaving after 11 pm when their closing time was 10!笑
Great addition to Summerlin! 

Tasty food, friendly staff, awesome ambiance and good happy hour!

I will be back many, many times! 

Best guac everrrr.笑
A cool Mexican spot in Tivoli village that feature great margarita, appetizer and entrees! 

I really enjoyed the table side guacamole, made fresh and at the spice level you like. The Cadillac margarita was crisp, tart and refreshing! - me being a big fan of margaritas, I'm always on the hunt for the best one! 

The Carne Asada was delicious and the price point was extremely reasonable. If you're in the area and are craving Mexican food, give this place a chance! I'll be back for sure.笑
i was there for dinner ,   awesome  food , great service,  nice clean restaurant .
best margaritas in town.笑
Love the ambiance and the service. Waiters and waitresses are sweet and attentive. The food, well, small portions for a higher price point, but I'm a farm girl from Oregon, so I make that comment often.笑
I've been to Tivoli a million times, and this is the first time I'd ever been to this place! 

The hostess was a little iffy - not very friendly, and a bit standoffish. However, once we were seated, our server was wonderful. He was extremely warm and energetic without overdoing it. 

We had the chips and quac - of course - which, like many things on the menu, are very paleo/gluten-free. 

I had the Ensalada de Mango y Pollo. This was a great entree salad. Delicious flavors and very fresh. 

My friend had the Tacos de Pollo - again, gluten-free. 

Had a nice time - very quiet setting for a Monday night. Will return!笑
Saturday happy hour at Cantina Laredo is by far the best deal going. Chips and salsa are very good and always very quick to your table. Half price deals on menu items and drinks can't be beat. Eddy the Cuban bartender is very friendly and attentive.笑
Hours on THEIR website are wrong. Drove all the way there to be sent away because they were closing.笑
Had a very good dinner tonight!! The service of Cesar, our waiter made it great! If we weren't sure on a flavor of something, he would bring a taste to make sure we liked.  The fish tacos were very good, cilantro/lime rice was the Bomb!  Wednesday is half price wine night, they have a great rose on the menu. Would come back in a heart beat as long as Cesar was our waiter!!!笑
We love Tivoli Village and are always looking for somewhere new to go. First time we ate there it was nothing short of delicious!! Service was friendly and helpful with out being pushy or intrusive. They told us about happy so we came back. They have an early happy hour as well as a late night. Even on FRIDAYS!!! So good and what a great deal. It's only in the bar but always great service. So much so we frequent there quite often. Oh did I forget to mention the do a great brunch with a free bloodymary or mimosa!! I'm jus say'n you gotta go.....笑
I've checked in to Cantina Laredo 8 times since my initial review in 2013.  My last update, for dinner about a year ago or more, which wasn't very complimentary, has mysteriously disappeared.  And it's not relegated to the "Not Recommended" list either, which is usually populated by newbie Yelpers who just might be friends of the owner or paid to write reviews.  I'm neither.  Go figure.  Not the first time this has happened, and probably won't be the last.

But I'm kinda glad it's not there.  Because when we decided to give it another try tonight, we were happy to find that it has returned to its former glory.  

Playing Goldilocks again, I checked inside. It was too cold.  The patio was too hot.  The cafe across the street had misters, and that would have been just right, but we weren't eating there.  So we sat on the patio, glanced longingly at those misters, and cooled off with some tall and refreshing Sangrias - White Honey for me and Blood Orange for Mr. +1. Both drinks were great, with the white seeming a bit more potent.  Figures, since I usually do the driving.  They're both amped up with liqueurs added to the mix, but neither has fresh fruit.  That's okay - more of what counts.

We went straight to the entrees, and my Pollo Escondido, a chicken breast sliced and filled with small shrimp, was covered with a rich and flavorful sauce enhanced with spinach.  "Hidden Chicken" is spicy, but not overbearingly.  I guess it should have been called "Hidden Shrimp," but that would have ignored the star of the dish.  My husband ordered a dish new to the menu, Guiso de Pollo, a chicken stew in a dry (meaning not swimming) green sauce, filled with veggies and rice.  I tasted it, and it was excellent.  

My mouth was watering for the Mango Tres Leches dessert, remembering just how delicious it is, but my stomach cried "No!," so regretfully we passed.

What made our dinner even more enjoyable was our server, Jessica, a lovely cubana.  In addition to her outstanding service, I relished being able to talk with her in Spanish and learn about her life coming to and living in the U.S.  For now she works only Friday, Saturday and Monday, so when we return it will definitely be on one of those nights.  It was a refreshing antidote to the surly server who (dis)graced our previous visits.  The other positive factor was learning that some of the changes that had left us disgruntled last time have been rolled back.  So now, if you order a bowl of their tortilla soup, you'll get a bowlful, not a tablespoon-sized portion.

I loved having Cantina Laredo close by, and now am happy to love it again.笑
Went with a large group to celebrate a graduation and they were extremely accommodating. We had an outside area to ourselves. I got the carnitas and they were cooked perfectly. The pork was falling off the bone. The sauce on top was a little heavy and it overpowered a lot of the meal for me. The chips and guacamole before the meal were good but nothing to rave about. The service was great and we never lacked anything. Overall the meal was good. I can't speak for the price because I didn't pay.笑
The chips were out of this world. While I did enjoy everything, I'd go back just for those chips. Delicious margarita; had the carne asada - very tender and flavorful. Good service. Reasonably priced. I'll be back!笑
The best espresso in town! 
Great service and amazing atmosphere.
The mediterranean breakfast is just like a real Mediterranean breakfast should be, look and taste like. 
Love this place!笑
My boyfriend and I came here for lunch. He got the grilled salmon w/ chimi churri sauce w/ asparagus and rice. I got the chicken enchilada mole. Salmon was grilled perfectly and the enchiladas were very flavorful!笑
We were looking for a lunch spot on a Saturday afternoon and Mexican food always sounds good so this was a logical choice. 

I liked the ambiance of the restaurant. It was simple with a clean, modern feel. I could see this as a fun spot to meet friends for dinner or happy hour. 

The chips and salsa to start were good. The hot salsa was my favorite, but it wasn't overly hot. My husband ordered a Passion Fruit Colada that was really good. It was one of the best drinks I've tried in awhile.

I ordered the Relleno de Camarones as my lunch. It was really good and had a nice mix of vegetables in the pepper along with the shrimp. There was cheese to add to the goodness, but not an overwhelming amount. The cilantro lime rice and avocado on the side went well with the relleno. This was a lighter option that I really enjoyed. My husband ordered the Cancun which was a combination of three items and he raved about this. 

Overall, we really enjoyed the drinks and food. We'll be back!笑
I cant believe I haven't written a review on one of my favorite places yet! I love me some Cantina Laredo!
Andy and I come here all the time, Edwardo is the best bartender ever. We always call ahead to make sure hes working because he truly brings the whole experience together. 
The happy hour is amazing here. They have a full HH menu that is 50% off and it includes a few of our favorite items. 
The very first thing I have ever tried here still remains my absolute favorite. The Ahi 
Mini-crispy tacos with sushi cut ahi tuna, chipotle aioli, jicama slaw and guacamole. The ahi is so fresh and flavorful. The guac is homemade to perfection!
On to our second favorite. The Tacos de Barbacoa. Slow-roasted brisket with marinated onions, monterey jack cheese and cilantro. delish!
The crab cakes are also very good. But the apple pie... you cant beat.
The apple Pie comes in a hot skillet and smokes with Mexican Brandy Butter and topped with cinnamon ice cream. I could go into a diabetic coma and be ok with it by eating 5 of these.
And you cant forget about my favorite part of any meal... THE DRINKS! Their house-made margaritas are great. Edwardo was telling us that they do not use sweet and sour, which is great because most bars do. To make their margaritas they actually hand squeeze every juice that goes into them. And you can truly tell. They even have pineapple infused tequila which makes for great shots.

I highly recommend visiting this jewel tucked away in Tivoli Village. Not only is the restaurant stunning, there is so much more to discover here.笑
Food: We ordered the table side guacamole. I love guacamole, so if they are going to make it to my specifications then even better! The one down side to this is that they do not have salt or lime on the tray to add in. Definitely need to add salt and/or lime. I had the steak and chicken fajitas. I didn't even make it to the chicken because the steak was so good. My friend ordered the chorizo tacos and really enjoyed them. 

Drinks: long list of margaritas and other cocktails, as well as wine and beer. I had the skinny margaritas. I was very happy with it. 

Vibe: a fancy Mexican place. If you didn't look at the name or menu, you wouldn't even know it was a Mexican restaurant - no tacky decor or bright colors. Great place to grab a few drinks with friends.

Gluten free options available

At Tivoli, so parking is super easy - garage, valet, outside lot笑
I've been here twice, once for lunch and once for dinner and I think it's great. 

For the dinner service we make online reservations ahead which turned out to be awesome. The non-reservations people that walked in ahead of us waited nearly 30 minutes for a table on a busy Friday night. Suckers. Anyway, the tableside guacamole was really good, the margaritas were good, and the enchiladas were tasty. I like that there are vegetarian options for the enchiladas that don't just include cheese, sauce and tortilla. 

When we went for lunch the food was just as great, but the service was a bit slower. Some diners got really fast service and were in and out, others (like us) had to wait a little longer at each step of the process making a working day lunch a bit too long. 

Other than the slower lunch service, I'd recommend this as a solid Mexican food option in this city.笑
Went on Sunday 03/23/14 at 2:30 PM and it was 72 degrees.  Sat outside on the side patio in the back.  Had tons of mimosas and the chilaquiles.  The chilaquiles come w/chicken.  It was good.  Love the mexican brownie and did not love the mango tres leche.  I normally love mango but would have preferred plain tres leche cake.笑
They have some good things in their menu I can't promise everything will be to your liking. My 3 amigos margarita was delicious and worth the price because the coronita keeps on giving, like two drinks in one. I didn't take a picture of my tacos de pollo (chicken tacos) $13.29, but they were delicious and I do recommend them. Queso Laredo (appetizer) was good but nothing to rave about. Just some nacho cheese and ground beef, top with pico. I enjoyed my time here.笑
I came here recently for a week night date night with the bae. I give it an A+ for design. I love that there's an outdoor patio which given the current season isn't great but would love to come back in the summer.

The service was good but nothing too extraordinary. I did enjoy our waiter telling us how the margaritas are made completely in house with no mixes. A nice natural touch. Also Thursday are ladies nights so half off house margs.

The food was good as well. We have the queso blanco dip to start which had a different flavor from the typical queso dips. For an entree we split the tres fajita. I loved the chicken and steak but the bacon wrapped shrimp I could do without. The only thing I loathed about the meal with the side of beans. Waaaay too salty for any human consumption.

Overall a nice place with great atmosphere.笑
This is a review of the Happy Hour.

The Skinny: underseasoned and underwhelmed. Although they give you big portions, in this case, it isn't a good thing (2), service - stinks worse than the food (0) value: edible food but nothing spectacular, shoddy service makes this place a (2).

We came here to try their happy hour because we were enticed by their rather extensive half priced bar menu.

Normally when it comes to happy hours, we make it a point to sit at the bar because the bartender is right there offering you service. At this joint, the bartenders couldn't give a s&*t.

He barely acknowledged us as we sat down. After spending a good amount of time fetching 2 glasses of water (he was too busy flirting with 2 skanky looking chicks at the end of bar), he neglected to provide a menu. I had to sneak one away from our neighbour. 

By the time he returned, we barraged him with our menu selections because we didn't know when he'd come back from infinity and beyond. Then he asked us "are you sure you don't want a margarita?". 

Pet peeve rant. If I wanted a f&*king margarita I'd have ordered one. End of rant.

Realizing we weren't going to order booze, he pretty much ignored us. We had to ask for everything -- from more refills of water even when our empty glasses were in front of his face to f*&king cutlery. Don't even get me started on him lifting out heavy bins of dirty dishes and not washing his hands. Oh, and it took at least 10 minutes to find him to print out our check.

At one point, the bar was completely unmanned for at least 6 minutes. A bunch of servers were huddled around the drink order area, waiting for their drinks to be made. Yup, the bar area = major clusterf$&k. And lets face it... the restaurant was perhaps 25% capacity (maybe 40 customers) and that's being freaking generous.

The bartender actually had the gall to say just as he handed us our check which he finally got around to printing out. "Sorry about the poor service tonight. We just got slammed." By whom, I wonder, because the joint wasn't even hopping. 

In a way that was totally a dick move to try and garner sympathy. He knew that service was shoddy but didn't really acknowledge it until he realized that he was going to get a s*&tty tip. Sorry douche -- you still got a shitty tip anyway. He's lucky we left anything at all.

On to the food.We ordered the fish tacos (3 tacos, $13 regular price), the tacos al pastor ((3 tacos, $11 regular price), the steak flatbread (2 large portions, $11 regular price)  and the ahi tuna tacos (3 tacos, $9 regular price). Portion sizing in general for their bar menu is rather generous. However given the lower quality of their food, large amounts is not a boon at all.

We sampled their chips and salsa. Our server just plopped them on our table so I had no idea of what kind of salsa it was. The warm one is better than the cold one but neither one was truly worth mentioning. Their chips are on the thinner variety and needed some salt.

Ahi tuna tacos were pretty bad. The fish had a weird sweetness to it that was singularily unpleasant. Encased in a taco shell made soggy by the watery, flavourless, green slime masquerading as guacamole, I believe this was definitely the worst dish of the night.

The fish tacos had a very skimpy portion of fish in it. Or maybe because there are too many freaking slices of red raw onion to actually identify that there's some underseasoned fish hiding in there. Texturally uninteresting, it definitely needed more cabbage to add some crunch. It was just terribly bland and not very interesting dish.

Tacos al pastor are not legit. It looks like chunky, stewed upchuck instead of the roasted pork on a spit. If that wasn't bad enough, the pork was as desperately flavourless as the fish tacos. Mixing in the grilled pineapple wasn't going to save it. It was pretty mediocre.

The flatbread de bistek was the only thing that was truly palatable that night. The steak actually was seasoned and the flatbread was crisp - almost like a thicker cracker. It definitely wasn't anything astounding but at least it was okay. But as finger food, it's really messy to eat without a knife and fork. 

Overall, given the s*(tty service and the "okay to the-verge-of-nasty" food, I have no inclination to return. I was seriously debating about given this place a 1 star review. However the food was bad but wasn't completely inedible. For that, this joint squeeks by with a 2 starred review.笑
We sat outside since it was a beautiful night. Well bad idea. It smelt off cigar smoke. It was disgusting! The food was ok for me but my husband took 1 bite of his and that was enough for him. It was horrible. Service was awful. Our meal took 2 hours!!! We didn't even have an appetizer!! With 3 kids this service was way too slow. It's like she forgot we were outside! Looked like we were her only table out there. Don't think we will ever go back!笑
Came here for date night. We had a great time!  I think our server's name is Miguel. He was really nice and friendly. He seems to love working there and said the company transferred him from their location in Dallas, I believe. Anyway, it always makes dinner extra nice when you are served by someone who is happy to be there.  The margaritas were delicious, and so was the guacamole that Miguel prepared for us tableside.  Crab cakes had a nice kick to them and fajitas were good too.  But the best part of our meal was the apple pie served on a sizzling hot plate with cinnamon ice cream and a delicious sauce poured over it. WOW!  It tasted like world peace.  mmm... we can't wait to go back just for that!笑
My boyfriend and I went to dinner here on a Saturday evening. He ordered the Carne Asada w/ sauteed onions and I ordered the Carne Asada that's wrapped around a poblano chili that had cheese, shrimp and mushrooms inside. Exquisite! The steak was cooked perfectly to order and the flavor? Amazing! The service was excellent and the drinks were superb. I ordered the Pomegranate margarita. To die for! At the end we ordered the apple pie. It came served on a sizzling plate with a scoop of cinnamon ice cream on top. Excellent end to an excellent meal! We will be dining here again soon!笑
Went to this place last night with a party of 7. Told the waitress at the very beginning that we would need separate checks. Food very average I thought. Service was not good at all. One person had to send his carnitas tacos back two times and decided he had lost his appetite. After asking for our check so we could leave, it took 45 minutes to get our checks which two were not correct. When we received our checks, they had the nerve to automatically add 20% tip. This waitress did NOT deserve a 20% tip. I have never seen anything more than 18% added and I think that is very high as well. It is not required by law to leave any certain amount of a tip so how is it that they can get away with adding an automatic 20%. Very disappointing and I will never go back. Food = not good. Service = terrible. Automatic 20% to someone who didn't deserve it = BULLSHIT!笑
We came here for Cinco de Mayo this year, all first timers, and had a great experience.

We were a small party of 3 and had asked to be seated outside. We waited for quite some time. A server had gone to a table on one side of us, looked me in the eyes, and walked right around our table to another group. That happened about 3 times and we noticed a couple had just left the small bar area that's seated right outside but faces the inside of the bar- super neat. So we moved and were taken care of by Lillian. 

She gave us the menu, which was happy hour pricing all day and also had a special margarita with 5 tequilas. We each ordered one- AMAZING. I loved that it was sour and not so sweet! I hate that. No salt on mine- no problem. I ordered the ahi tacos with my sauce on the side, an order of guac for us to share and the guys got the barbacoa. Everything was great. It's hard to beat the amount of food for the price. The guac was made right in front of us- just like at other Mexican eateries. I always appreciate a fresh, chunky bowl of guac AND when given the option of spice level. 

We will be back for happy hour or their reverse happy hour and I'll definitely ask for Lillian- you should too!笑
I haven't written a review on Yelp in a very long time but my experience last night at Cantina Laredo compelled me to get back on the yelp train, this time to warn others to stay far, far away from this place. I'll get the only positive thing out of the way: the restaurant décor and set up is nice. They also have a large outdoor dining area. We asked to sit outside and the hostess led us outside and handed us menus. 

We sat for a good 15 minutes, watching the server walk by us a good 8-10 times, never acknowledging our presence or bothering to bring us chips and salsa (or water). When a different server came by with chips and waters, because we'd had 15 minutes to look over the menu, we also ordered: skinny margarita and patron margarita, both with salt, Combination Fajitas and Chili Rellano. Another 30 minutes passed, no refills on our empty water glasses, no drinks. I've never thought about just walking out of a restaurant before finishing a meal, but we came really close. 

Finally, the server came out with our drinks. The BF told him, without any attitude, how long we'd been waiting without any service or more water. Server's response: the bartender is slow and he'd go check on our food. Couple minutes later, our Fajitas and Chili Rellano  were brought out. The BF pointed out our drinks had no salt as ordered. Server's response was, well, there really wasn't much of a response. It was some mumblings about the bartender. The server apologized and offered to bring us salt. We declined. The server clearly had no idea how to handle a well earned complaint about the service or the drinks. I'd suggest some proper training. Getting us new drinks, rather than offering to bring us salt, would have gone a long way. I use to work as server so I know something like that makes a big difference. But we got nothing. 

On to the food. Fajita entree: My rice and tortillas were cold. Beans were luke warm. No sizzle on the fajita platter. The chicken and beef were barely hot but totally dry. The Chili Rellano: ths dish looked really, really good. The BF said it would have been good had it been hot. Obviously, our food was ready to go in the kitchen, probably a good 20 minutes before being served to us. 

When the check came, and that's the only thing that came fast, I asked my boyfriend to refrain from leaving a tip. I have never not left a tip. Ever. But after last night, I see now why people sometimes don't. When spending $65 for dinner and drinks, we expect good food, good service, and some effort to remedy things that go awry. We will never go back to Cantina Laredo and I suggest you stay away.笑
We haven't dined here before due to the mixed reviews.  Our family loves Mexican food, and while we prefer hole-in-the-wall taquerias, we'll occasionally dine at some full service Mexican restaurants.

We dined at Cantina Laredo tonight because we were with friends who wanted to eat there.  I was pleasantly surprised when we walked in to find a lively and hip bar and a spacious dining room filled with a good looking crowd. 

Service was very good.  Drinks were great.  Food was pretty good.  

We started with the table side guac.   Tasty but tiny portions.  The house chips and salsa is really good.  They give you both mild and spicy salsa.  

Several of us ordered the carnitas which was delicious.  They are on-the-bone pork ribs served with rice and a nice sautéed veggie mix.  

We'll return for sure.笑
Very nice place with great service. Hostess sat us right away. The waiter came over right away for drink orders and got the drinks out to us within 5 minutes. It was happy hour and very busy in the bar area. We sat in the restaurant and weren't allowed to order off the happy hour menu. We had a child with us so I guess that means you can't participate with the special menu in the bar. Kind of annoying. But the waiter did give us happy hour drink prices at least. He was as accommodating as he could be. The fresh made chips and salsa were delicious. The spicy salsa wasn't as spicy as it was made out to be but it was very full of flavor. The waiter explained the menu items perfectly. The ceviche was pretty good. I prefer the shrimp cut up but it all tasted good. I had the enchiladas veracruze I think it was called. Chicken, spinach, queso fresco and a very spicy sauce. It was good but I will try something else next time. My friend had the crab enchiladas. It had a fancy name that I can't remember. It was amazing. The waiter said it was really good. A little more expensive than I would've liked but not outrageous prices considering the quality of food and fabulous service. Even when it got busy our waiter was still on top of everything. Overall it was a great restaurant.笑
So this was my third time visiting this restaurant, first time was a good experience even though the service wasn't too great. After this last visit I will not be eating here again. We waited 45 minutes for our food, when we finally did get our food, it was cold. After explaining to the manager, Todd, how unhappy we were, he offered to comp our dinner and make the plate again. He was very nice and helpful and I thought ok we will give it one more shot we've already been here an hour and a half. Well the reason I'm giving 1 star is they literally sent out the same exact plate, once again barely luke warm. After being here for 2 hours I just wanted to get home. The manager Todd and our waiter Cesar tried to make up for the mistakes of the kitchen and their poor preparation of the food including the quality of the food but unfortunately we will not be returning.笑
I would probably go back again to try something different.  I think I made a bad choice the first time.  Most in our group were pretty happy with their choices.笑
Seriously, what is with the crappy reviews. It's not pricey. Especially if you go on happy hour which is 4-7pm and 9pm-close 1/2 half apps and good $3 margaritas and $4 house wines and well drinks. $2 beers. Now this is probably the best mexican restaurant in Vegas besides Dos Caminos which I think is closed. They have the most flavorful tacos and outstanding chicken flautas. Last night we had 6 tacos (brisket, spicy chicken, carnitas), chicken flautas, 2 $3 margaritas, FREE GUAC, queso fundido, chips and salsa, and outstanding ceviche (fresh) for happy hour and was $35. We couldn't even finish it all such huge portions. I ordered chicken enchiladas which were the best I ever had and even the rice was good not the beans though and guess what the non happy hour menu price is $9.65. Anyone who thinks Macayo is good is white washed. The restaurant is very nice and modern and clean and our server was absolutely adorable and was extremely friendly. Honestly, give this place a try and trust me you won't regret it just ignore they clueless idiots who dont have a sense when it comes to eating out. Geez!

PROS: Ambiance, price, food, service, area
CONS: beans

TIP: stop at valet to get free tableside guacomole coupon笑
I went there again and had the beef quesadilla. Very different from the first time. There was wayyyy too much cheese and hardly any meat.  
The server wasn't friendly either. And the menu's were dirty with other peoples food ect. 
This is now a place I wouldn't consider going to.笑
Happy Hour is a great way to try a variety of appetizers. My husband and I did not expect the large portions of high quality Mexican fair. We had planned to sit at the bar first for a sampling of food and drink but ended up quite full after just 2 apptzrs each. I was very impressed with taste, portions, presentation and creative twists on traditional Mexican food. I was pleased that they allow you to mix it up on the taco plate that comes with three tacos; For example you may choose chicken, carne asada, and carnitis-my favorite. Enjoy!笑
Our waitress came and asked us how everything was at the end of the meal verses while we eating. Margaritas were not good. Salsa was very good.笑
My wife and I love this place! Best LUNCH! Best DINNER! & even BEST BRUNCH!!!
Try every single thing! Tacos, Ceviche and brunch are my FAVS!笑
Food and service was outstanding.  The made at your table  guacamole (unless your outside is so good.

Don't pass up the apple pie.  Can't be beat笑
Good food, horrible service. Ordered the enchiladas with crab meat. It came with zucchini and rice as the sides and they were fantastic! The service was so bad that  a women that wasn't our waitress started waiting on us. After waiting forever, we finally flagged down our server for the check. He apologized and said he was busy with other tables on the other side of the restaurant. Not a good excuse.笑
Very good food service and atmosphere. The happy hour specials are also good. The price is also right. Don't forget to try the hand crafted tables idea guacamole.笑
We went here for lunch at work. The menu looked good and I was ready for some good food. The waiter came and I asked if there was cilantro in the item I wanted to order. He said everything had cilantro. I asked if there was anything at all with no cilantro and he said no. I told him I was allergic and he still said absolutely everything had cilantro. Finally he said I could have a cheese enchilada. It came and the cheese inside was not even melted. It had two sides of beans because the rice has......cilantro. I ordered some sour cream and miraculously it had no cilantro. The meal was lukewarm, not even up to Taco Bell standards. The beans were flavorless. I cannot imagine that I could not have had something without cilantro. And my meal came on like a kids meal sized plate. I won't be going back.笑
Definitely not traditional Mexican food but more a Twisty fashion of Mexican dishes. The drinks and margaritas are very delicious and the atmosphere especially sitting outside on the terrace is very nice and relaxing. 

The food is just okay to me. There really isn't anything spicy which is what I look forward to when it comes to Mexican food. If you eat outside during the spring the weather feels great but your food will be cold by the second bite.  The staff is very friendly but a little spacey when it comes to you asking for things or serving your food.  I would prefer to come for drinks and maybe chips and salsa. Not necessarily a big fan of the menu.笑
I do like the margaritas here. They are very strong so be careful! The food is good, but the menu is on the expensive side for Mexican (strip prices, around $12 for margaritas). The staff is very friendly. The patio is nice and there is also a bar outside on the patio which is fun as long as it's not too hot outside.笑
Cantina Laredo was quite a surprise. We only chose to eat there, because we were close on time to see a movie across the street at The Suncoast & they took reservations. Walking in, I must have had a look on my face of a person who'd never seen a restaurant... but I was in a bit of awe, because the inside looked nothing like I pictured in my head. We both thought it was going to be small, dark & "weird"... the place is huge, light & airy. Very comfortable. Our waitress was awesome- genuinely pleasant & the perfect level of attentive, especially once we told her we were tight on time. The chips are amazing- very very thin. I'm not certain what the salsa is comprised of- there's a flavor I'm not normally a fan of- but, gosh, I went to town. The bestie got the mushroom enchiladas & I got a chicken with mushrooms & artichokes- portions were perfect, both dishes were refreshing & booming with flavor. Rather than beans & rice, our entrees came with thinly sliced & sauteed zucchini & rice. I devoured the veggies... the simplicity in flavor balanced the robust entree items & made the meal less bulky, like some Mexican food can be. Then we were off to see a movie! Helpful hint: whether eating at Tivoli or Boca Park, consider The Suncoast for seeing movies... no one is ever there! On a Friday/release day, we got right in with maybe 9 other parties in the theater with us. Anyway, give Cantina Laredo a shot- I don't think you'll be disappointed.笑
I stumbled onto this restaurant last St. Paddy's day while in Chicago. I was in love! The decor was awesome, the food great, but the margaritas was what won my heart. Housemade margie mix, and no fake stuff.  I love the tableside guac and the chips and salsa are deeee-lish. One of my favorite meals is chips & salsa and margaritas. Be careful, two drinks and you're making new friends. Sit at the bar and talk to Jennifer. She's the best!

I want to come and try brunch!笑
First time to visit, Saturday around 12:30. Not very busy. Waiter Ray.  Ordered an appetizer of ceviche, a beer and a blood orange sangria, which was great!  After about 20 mins, the waiter finally realized we never received our app.  He then tells us they are all out.  Our chips and salsa had been eaten...he took the chips to refill but not the salsa.  Finally got more salsa.  I ordered the beef stew which is a new item and my husband ordered the shrimp salad.  His salad was very good with great flavor.  The mango dressing was very tasty. The taste of the stew was very good but when I finally tossed the stew around abit I only found 1  - 1/4" x 1/4" piece of beef.  For the price it should have been more.  Brought the waiter over and he got me more which was better beef than the piece that was in there.   For our first visit, it won't be some place we would return to.  Flavor was good, sangria was good. Maybe Just an off day but there are many restaurants to choose from.  We'll stick with Brio or try our luck at Echo and Rig.笑
A favorite stop for us.  The food is excellent, service outstanding and a great Happy Hour. One of our favorite places to enjoy Sunday Brunch. $2 mimosas and Bloody Mary's all day on Sunday.笑
We stopped in for happy hour.   Within walking distance from the suncoast casino on a nice day.   Fabulous food, reasonably priced (considering half off) and our server Kelly was excellent. 

We tried the standard Margarita on the rocks,  mango and strawberry margaritas.  I usually prefer a standard (theirs is top shelf), but the fresh strawberry flavor made it my winner here.   

For appetizers we shared three tacos and the flatbed.   It was fantastic!!!!笑
I like the food here except that it is a little pricey for the service sizes.  Great ambiance and service.  I always wondered why it is not as popular as Cafe Leone across the path.   Great enchiladas but ask for 2 or they'll give you one.  Great sauces.  Carne asada is tasty.  Nice bar menu, fresh food and spacious for business lunch.笑
One of my favorite happy hour spots! The vibes are always good there. And the staff is always friendly :)笑
I came here for my holiday work party. Our group had about 30 people show up and we had two servers which was enough for us. Waiting a few extra minutes for our drinks and chips and salsa refills was expected, but you could tell the employees were working hard to make our night enjoyable. We were given a set menu that unfortunately was not printed out for some reason so the poor waitress had to repeat the items over and over. The margaritas were tasty and did the job of easing me into a relaxed night with my coworkers. My meal of veggie tacos with sides of rice and beans was flavorful came out about 15 minutes after ordering and again, that was fine with me. Gave me time to chat and catch up. There was outside seating that I bet is enjoyable during nice weather. When my work votes for where to have the holiday party next year, I am going to recommend Cantina Laredo.笑
The best Mexican food in Vegas! Great service and food! Try the Ahi tacos and the carnitas. That's all I ever get!笑
What a wonderful experience!  From the 1st call to inquire about a Saturday reservation for 18 for our (4) birthday celebrations through the dinner.  
Lily is an absolute doll, Jose our server was awesome, and the rest of the staff was equally as great! 
The private dining area was reserved for us and originally set up as two separate tables, however, upon our request Lily and her team quickly reset the tables in a U shape and with the most pleasant demeanor! 
The food including the carne asada with stuffed poblano, the fajitas, table side guacamole, chile con queso, ensalada with mango and chicken, enchiladas, and tacos were all very tasty.  The margaritas are great as well.  In addition, our Birthday boys and girls were each presented with birthday brownies. 
Without hesitation, they separated our checks into 4 different parties, promptly cleared our plates, and allowed us to visit without feeling rushed (some of us came from California and others from Nebraska). 
I can't say enough about the great service, food and ambience.  
Thank you Lily, Jose and all of the staff of Cantina Laredo.  We really enjoyed the experience and will definitely visit when we come back to Las Vegas again.笑
This place was solid. Technique was okay. 

The interior was hip and vibrant. The drinks were strong and good. Nice and clean. 

The guacamole was okay. Not the best I've ever had, but certainly not the worst. 

I orders the chicken taco. It was fairly salty. Like I needed extra water salty. The meat was a little over cooked. 

If you're hungry this will get the job done. Very attentive service.笑
My 1 star indicates the terrible service we received on my recent visit. We were lucky to snag a spot at the bar, and while it was busy, it was very normal for a Thursday night. In particular, Eduardo, was not only unhelpful, but blatantly rude one more than one occasion. He actually "shooed" me away when I politely raised my finger for a glass of wine, then proceeded to add to my existing glass(with wine still in it) when I asked for another glass and then urged me to hurry and hand him the glass so he could get my "half-pour" in and help other guests. I watched him the rest of our stay and he looked miserable and rushed. Word of advice: hire a new bartender!  So rude!!!!!!!笑
The Nachos were WAY over priced.

$11 for 6 chips.

See Pic.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cantina-laredo-las-vegas#E_MHz862cJ6Isqczx2lQMQ笑
The service was ok - fast and no issues - can't say the same for the people around us who had a train wreck of a server who screwed up every dish at every table.  The food was just okay as well.  I had the carne asada and my wife had the stuffed poblano.  It seemed like the food came out very very quickly but was not hot (but the plates were for some reason) made it seem like they just flopped already prepared food down on hot plates and threw it out of the kitchen.  The seasoning on the steak was nice and I really loved the charred jalapeno.  

The salsas - especially the warm salsa was very good but the chips were a bit mealy I did not like their texture.  The poblano pepper was stuffed with about 3 shrimp and the seeds and glans of the pepper were left in which is odd.  The steak was small but adequate.

Over priced for the amount of food you get.  While I didn't hate the place it struck me as someplace I can easily forget and had no real draw on me that makes me want to come back.  Not big on paying over $70 for a fast meal with average flavors.笑
My husband had margaritas appetizers in the bar area, the bar tenders are great, the patron margarita is perfecto! Happy hour is great and cheap. The atmosphere is perfect, nice Spanish music, staff is friendly and professional and the bar tenders try to socialize, felt like a great local place. We didn't have any entree's but we will be back for dinner soon.笑
This place rocks love the guacamole it's the best in town the food comes out super quick. The ambiance is very nice and still causal. Great Sunday brunch special s with bloody Mary's or mirmosas. I have tried all there tacos and they are all good. The cilantro chicken salad is very good as well. Staff is super friendly great Mexican spot笑
Great apple pie and coffee.  Stopped in for dessert with my daughter.   Had a great sweet encounter.  If in the neighborhood check it out be sure to say hello the the exec chef Damon!笑
My girl friend and I are huge fan of this place. we always love our experience here.
This place is one of my favorite  spot for drinks and food. 
Our server Jaclyn was friendly, attentive and thoroughly knowledgeable of menu.
Food are great and the prices are fair...笑
Went here for the Las Vegas Food &Wine Champagne brunch and was so disappointed. There was about 75 people waiting outside for the event to start then right on time there was 1 girl checking everyone in. A huge mob of people cramming into the door way to talk to one girl. We were not seated by anyone, and were told to, "head straight back." But there were not tables or seats left in that direction and were fortunate enough to get one of the last tables inside, a lot of people ended up outside due to the lack of seating. The menu stated that we could go to the buffet and/or order off the menu, but I had to ask someone to take my order. The buffet was underwhelming as well consisting of fruit, eggs, potatoes, and biscuits; no bacon or meat of any kind. For a "champagne brunch" we thought there would be glasses of champagne or mimosas that would be passed out or brought around but we ended up having to wait in about a 30 person line to have one made in a rocks glass because they ran out of the flutes. After that, I got in the buffet line and there were no plates for about 10 minutes. The ordered food was not much better :( the take on steak and eggs had little steak on the plate and both the French toast and huevos rancheros were way too sweet to eat. All in all, pretty disappointed :(( and we were so excited for this event!笑
Just wanted to add to my review about one special server named Jaclyn who we get quite often when we eat here.  She always makes us feel so welcomed each and every time.  She is always knowledgeable on the menu items.  Thanks for the great service!笑
I used to go here all the time. I went last night and it was the first time I had been in months, I Sat at the bar with 2 friends. The bartender(a girl) made a very good margarita! I'm not one to do a lot of bad reviews but when service is bad I get really annoyed! We had the guacamole and that's was just ok, I don't think we finished half. I ordered the sea bass ceviche! It was PROBABLY THE MOST FISHIEST FISH I HAVE EVER HAD! It tasted AWFUL! I told the male bartender and his response to me is- its sea bass it's supposed to be fishy! You don't like it? He takes it back to the kitchen and comes back out and says your right it is fishy! Duh. The chef or manager to must've tasted it and agreed. He shouldn't have made any comments to me about it to begin with. He asked if I wanted something else but I was so disgusted by that fish my appetite was done. My friend said she could even smell how fishy it was. So gross笑
Updated


Still coming to this wonderful place with almost two years under my belt of visiting. Still, I enjoy lilies guac, but it seems she has done a wonderful job training everyone on how to make it, everything with fresh jalapeños is the way I take it.
I've been there for brunch and dinner and love both menus, mimosas with breakfast and tamarin lemonade for dinner. I tend to venture with the cilantro salad, it's great when trying to be healthy. Everything is always fresh and you get exactly what you want. Service is great, we have a great experience every time, no matter if they are busy or not. Everything is beautiful inside creating the best atmosphere that we could have, calm and upbeat. I will continue to come back and always will, and if I find another city with one, I'll be in that spot so quick to eat my favorite part, those wonderful chips that come complimentary. 



:) thanks guys so much笑
We stop in for Mothers Day! No wait, ate in the bar just perfect for the 4 of us~ great server Jaclyn. Turned out to be a very nice outing.笑
We used to be regulars at the Cantina but hadn't been in for over a month.  On Fri. 9/5 we arrived there at 4:30.  I ordered a Margarita & Mahi Tacos & my partner ordered coffee & a chicken quesadilla.  The Margarita tasted like perfume & was murky so I sent it back (as did the woman next to me).  Our server Jackie (always exceptional) said she'd have one made from scratch.  That came & it was very sweet, so I asked for a Mojito.  That was too sweet, but I didn't want to be a pain in the arss, so sipped part of it & let the matter go.  My Mahi tacos consisted of so many large pieces of red cabbage & I couldn't find any fish in the first two.  But alas!  There were pebbles of fish in the 3rd taco.  By this time I was feeling ripped off-- no decent drink & no edible food.  Jackie asked if I wanted anything else & I said just a small order of cheese dip for the chips; & asked for the Manager.  An assistant arrived at our table & said he'd take care of it, but he disappeared for too long so we asked our server who then inquired.  He told her he'd comp the food but not the drink.  Thanks a lot, Pal !  We left a nice tip for Jackie & that was it.

The lack of friendliness by the receptionist didn't help matters, & because she was close to our table I noticed she treated everyone else the same way-- not even a smile.

Manager & co-owner Mark left for a Cantina in another state recently & under his guidance, it was a different restaurant.  He'd have comped the whole thing & rolled out the carpet, espec. since we've brought so many people in to try that restaurant.  So for now, it's ADIOS!

K I K I笑
Dined in for lunch on Monday and practically had the place to ourselves. It is a large space. 

I was pleasantly surprised with the experience! 

Chips are ultra light, fresh and crispy and salsas are flavorful. 

I had the enchilada Veracruz and it was delicious. The green sauce was tangy and the plate was vibrant with colorful fresh vegetables. The enchilada was filled with fresh spinach and topped with red cabbage and carrots. Perfectly crunchy sautéed  zucchini and red peppers were served alongside. The rice has a unique flavor which is not my personal preference but different! Hubby was also very pleased with his carne and enchilada. His steak had a delicious grilled flavor. The prices and portions are just right. 

The kids meal was excellent. Around $5.75 for 6 half taquitos with pepper cheese dip, rice and beans and a drink. Disappointed they did not have milk for my guy though. 

We had the mango tres leches to finish. It was very good but could have been a little more soaked in leches. Service was good but a bit slow for the number of patrons in the place. 

I would definitely go back for another lovely lunch; the outdoor space looks like an excellent spot for a margarita when the weather is not so HOT!笑
Really casual place I find it very unique that they make the guacamole is made right in front of you, you can even taste how fresh it is. The tacos are amazing along with the ribs. There is a lot of space so there is not that much waiting time笑
As part of our effort to get out and around to different parts of this fabulous town we have now lived in for eight months, we ventured over to Tivoli Village to check out the area. When there we saw a couple neat places to eat, but we decided Cantina Laredo looked like a cool place to take the family. We came in and sat on the patio outside. It was a beautiful night and Tivoli Village is a cool place to look at, so the patio is a plus to this place. Alexandria voted on us and did a fantastic job. She knew the menu very well and helped us select our entrees. They have a good kids menu with great pricing. We had their Chille Con Queso dip as an appetizer along with there chips and salsa. I had the Mahi Mahi tacos with black beans and rice. The tacos were phenomenal, I had no choice, but to clean my plate of them. The black beans were also good. The only complaint I had was the rice which was okay, but had a lime flavor that was a little overwhelming. But, overall really good. My wife had the Chicken Quesadilla for her meal and enjoyed it. We wanted to try the Mexican Apple Pie which looks amazing, but we were too full. Oh well...maybe next time!笑
I had this place bookmarked to try so when I saw they were participating in "Restaurant Week" I figured this was as good of a time as any to give it a shot. As I approached our table and saw an avocado and lime waiting at the table I could have sworn they new me well and it was there just for moi! Of course they were on every table but an avocado lover like myself could at least dream of something so simple yet sweet! Chips and 2 kinds of salsas were brought to the table. One I didn't care much for but the other I couldn't get enough of. It had such a freshly made flavor and just the right amount of kick in it. The chips were really good. Included in our RW meal was a "Casa Rita" which it isn't for the weak and the freshly squeezed lime juice added just the right touch. For starters we had "Chile Con Queso" and Flautas De Pollo". I have to say the con queso was disappointing. I didn't think it tasted terrible but it did remind me of velveeta cheese. I personally wouldn't order the con queso again. The flautas were good with a tex-mex vibe. I am used to my flautas being made with flour tortillas so it was different to try them made with corn tortillas instead. For my main meal I had the "Tacos De Carnitas". I loved it! The pork had such a beautiful flavor. I would for sure order the tacos again. It came with beans and rice. The rice was cooked just right and the beans were beyond flavorful. as if I weren't full enough the meal was topped off with "Churros" for dessert. It was chewy and sweet. The grand marnier cajeta dipping sauce paired nice with the churros! I enjoyed my meal as well did the other people in my party. 

The service was great and it was clean inside. I saw people in jogging pants and sports bras so I guess there isn't as much of a dress code as I thought. I noticed seating outside that would be great for taco grubbing and rita guzzling should mother nature be so kind to allow it. Our server said they have happy hour Monday-Friday from 4 pm-7 pm and ladies night on Thursday where ladies get 1/2 off margaritas. They gave me a flyer for their e-club with the bill. It says they offer monthly deals and promotions.笑
We're regulars here especially for the table side guacamole. Food is great, service is above average (fantastic if Jessica is your server). The glaring weakness with this place is there salsa (worst salsa in Las Vegas). We've actually decided to not go here sometimes because of that. Menu winners- Carnitas, Fajitas trio, Carne asada. Menu losers- Fish tacos, quesodillas, flour tortillas in general.笑
Not so good.  I admitt I came here for cinco de mayo so it was quite busy.  The service was good for it being a holiday , but the food was not good at all. It is was very bland and had no taste to it. I got the ahi tuna tacos and everyone recommended it.  I am a big tuna fan and this didn't hit the spot.  I thought it would be better from what people said.   The margarita was so..I couldn't even finish it.   Not a fan.   It  was my first time here and I don't think I'll choose to come again.笑
I love everything in Tivioli so it wasn't a surprise that this place exceeded my expectations. We came in late around 9:30pm and the bar was packed. Someone immediately greeted us and helped us find a seat in the dinning area instead. Our server Eric was very attentive and friendly, he helped me pick out a light gluten free dish. Most servers get irritated when I order because I'm pescatarian, gluten feee and never order a full dish.  I ordered their ahi tacos off the tapas menu since they are light and also happen to be gluten free. The tacos exceeded my expectations, they were delicious. Even fb he manager stoped by our table to make sure everything was okay. We will definitely be back!笑
Great Guac! The apple pie was quite good. All of the dishes were good, but not authentic. Nice portions. I've only been there for brunch. Tivoli is a nice venue and the patio is the perfect place to eat.笑
Even though Tivoli Village is a Ghost Town waiting to happen.  I applaud the amount of restaurants they have there.  I've seen a few turnover (Petra / Double Helix) however stopping in at Cantina Laredo for their happy hour made my trip worth it.  Their Happy Hour is from 4pm - 7pm & 9pm - close.  We hit the later up.  Our party of three went through 2 rounds of their Casita 'Rita ($3) and a bunch of their flavorful tacos.  Would go back for the value during happy hour.笑
*****HAPPY HOUR REVIEW ONLY*****

My friend and I were happy hour hopping in Tivoli and decided to come in and try their happy hour specials (starts at 4pm). It is definitely a beautiful restaurant with pretty outdoor seating. We obviously sat in the bar at the high top tables and all of their bar plates were half off. They provided complimentary chips and salsa, which was SUPER SUPER GOOD!! The chips were so light and airy since the were crispy instead of crunchy like regular salsa chips. They gave you two different salsas and my favorite was the darker hued one (sorry I don't know the name) It Was even better with guacamole to thicken it. 

We ordered the Ahi tuna tacos for $4.50, the flat bread "de camarones" (shrimp, pineapple, goat cheese, and bbq chipotle sauce) for $5.50, and the crab cakes for $5.50. Everything came out 3-5 minutes later (which could also be a bad sign). My favorite was the shrimp flat bread! The twist with pineapple, goat cheese, and bbq sauce was AMAZING! Definitely a staple dish that I will always order! Unfortunately, it was the only great dish out of the three. The tuna tacos were underwhelming because the tuna had no seasoned flavor. It was very watery versus being juicy. The guacamole that came with it was not as flavorful as it should be either, so we mixed it with the salsa. I may try it again just to see if we caught it on a bad day or I will try the mahi mahi tacos next time.

The most unsatisfying, disappointing, unappetizing dish was the CRAB CAKES!! Simply the worst!!!! We couldn't even finish them and it was only three! The cake batter was mushy in the inside and hard on the outside. It had that OLD frying grease taste and the crab pretty much sucked. I will not be giving this dish a second chance. It was just too horrible and NOT WORTH $5.50 (Originally $11!!!). It wasn't even worth the price of a item on a fast food dollar menu. And only three cakes at that! Never again! At least the tuna seemed like it had potential to be saved, but the crab cakes were just hopeless and overpriced for what you get!

Service was good, but not overly amazing. She gave us to-go bags for the chips. Yes, they were THAT GOOD! 

Overall I will go back to order off their happy hour menu. The four star rating is for the flatbread, wine (the Riesling was quite good and I love their wine glasses), complimentary chips & salsa, service, and the ambiance/decor (even though half our dishes were not appealing thus minus one star). I like the ambiance both inside and outside. I will return, but I want to try more dishes before I say it's a hit! As of now it is worth stopping by for a drink and bar appetizers out of all the restaurants, including Brio. The complimentary chips and salsa will fill you up if you only enjoy one dish. They are not stingy with chips and salsa! If your frequent to Brios happy hour, try this place and get the shrimp flatbread and others. But PASS ON THE CRAB CAKES unless you feel lucky.笑
Service was less than great.  GM Mark not receptive to comments or constructive criticism. To tell you he heard the same thing before but no change made to menu or waitress serving what you ordered correcting the errors in the printed menu is unacceptable.  The ahi tuna taco appetizer was amazing. The tortilla soup was just mediocre. The menu item stating it was chicken stuffed with shrimp and spinach only to be served between two dried out cutlets with a sauce and three shrimp and spinach in between these cutlets does not constitute stuffed by any means.  Go now because if things don't change this place won't make it for too long inSummerlin.笑
Good food, and good, but pricey drinks in a very nice atmosphere with attentive service. The guacamole was yummy.笑
We were here for Happy Hour. The tacos were okay. Guacamole was yummy. Unfortunately, the margaritas are pre-made and not very good. Very weak as well.....service at the bar was very good!笑
Ate there last night. Two of the four dinners made where wrong even as they brought back what should have been corrected it was wrong. The whole dinner was a disaster  on top of that the correct thing would have been to offer a desert or something. We are not the types that look to get comps or bitch about service but it was bad.  Two of ate while the others had to sit there. Once they received their dinner we had to do the same.  
Well all I can say that's another one off the list. I will stick to El Segundo on the strip笑
Service is by far the best thing about this place. Second would be the decor. This place is gorgeous inside. The guacamole, chips, and salsa I really liked. Had the chilaquiles with verde sauce. Not a big fan of this take on chilaquiles. Put two fried on top and it would be better. The potatoes are not good at all! The breading that is put on the potatoes ruins it. I should have gotten tacos.笑
I was super excited to celebrate Cinco de Mayo here!! We had head about some specials they were having for the weekend and the one that made my mouth water was the Pop a Rita! I margarita with a Popsicle... Umm yes please! $5 for the Cinco de Mayo specials... Absolutely!! I read that the specials were only available on the patio, that's cool, I love sitting on the patio. 

When I got there I put our name on the wait list for the patio and was told 20 minutes. It was only about 15 mixtures. We were a party of three were she sat us at a table barely set, and for only two people at that. 'Oh, there's there?' Umm yep, told you three and three of us walked out together. 

They had a mariachi band playing when we sat down which was awesome entertainment for the day! We waited what seemed to be forever for a server to acknowledge us. I later learned the server that walked by us several times and ignored us ended up be our server. Ugh, you couldn't have said 'Be with you in a minute'? Serving 101. 

Anyway, he did warn us the bar was running slow, no biggie, we enjoyed each other's company, until he completely lacked on his job. I was so irritated! Slow, un-personable, when he finally came to get our food order he literally just came to the table and waited for us to say something. Uh 'Hi are you ready, what can I get you, what looks good' would have all been acceptable things to say. To be fair, it wasn't entirely his fault, he seemed to be the only server on the patio!! HELLO!!! You offered patio specials for Cinco de Mayo weekend!! Staff up!!! But he could have totally made the best of it and get our asses drunk and no one would have cared his service sucked! Pretty sure we were to get chips and salsa, well we didn't so I couldn't tell you how those would have been. 

So the three stars are for the food and value. The food was really good! Warm and cold quickly, but it was still good. They have several enchilada options that are "healthier" options, I couldn't decide which I wanted to try! I had an artichoke and avocado enchilada! Yum! It made great leftovers, which I love!! And the prices are pretty reasonable. 

I would try this again, maybe for their happy hour specials, which look pretty good. But from my experience and obviously other Yelpers, my service standards will need to be lowered in order to enjoy myself. We'll see if I can actually do that.笑
I really enjoy the ambiance and decor here. But that's about all I enjoyed during a big birthday dinner that I attended here....
The food was mediocre, and overpriced for what you get. The drinks were also quite expensive. I came here on a busy Friday night, and it was totally PACKED, which is probably a good sign, but I was overall very underwhelmed by the entire experience. I kinda prefer Roberto's Taco Shop food-wise :/

Okay, I lied. I did like our server. He was very friendly and had a great personality. But the service overall was VERY slow and inaccurate. He also made a huge deal out of trying to split the check...and in the end we just split it for him.笑
We love this place! Been coming here for years. Great food and great drinks! Amazing happy hour specials! We love to come here for Sunday brunch. The crab cakes Benedict are DELICIOUS! Eddie and Alejandra are our favorite. Always Great service.笑
Cantina Laredo has not only some of the best food, but the best service I've ever experienced in Las Vegas!

I love going here for Happy Hour, and Brunch on the weekend. My boyfriend and I always sit at the bar and Eduardo is absolutely amazing笑
I have been to Cantina Laredo a handful of times now, and have yet to have a poor experience. I think my favorite entree is the enchiladas y asada plate. Amazing!

On my last lunch date at Cantina, I was introduced to their apple pie. I was told it smelled like heaven. Now, I have yet to actually smell heaven, but if I could image what heaven might someday smell like, Cantina's apple pie is right up there. It is served on a hot skillet and drenched in brandied butter sauce... to die for! 

I've always had good service and received beverages, food and chip refills in a timely manner. I will absolutely return to Cantina Laredo again soon - especially since there aren't many nice Mexican restaurants in the Summerlin area.笑
Cantina Laredo is a fabulous addition to the dining scene in West Las Vegas. As a girl who could eat chips & salsa for dinner every night and be happy - upscale Mexican food is a welcomed addition in Las Vegas. I just can't wait for the weather to turn nice so I can dine on their two patios - their fire pits and an indoor/outdoor bar are going to be a hit this spring.

I have grabbed lunch here a couple times and the food has been wonderful on each visit. Upon arrival they ask if you'd like to try their signature Top Shelf Guacamole. It's a fresh, delish way to start your meal.  They roll a cart to your table and then prepare made-to-order guac. You can't go wrong with that.

As for the menu as a whole, it is diverse and a lot lighter than typical Mexican fare. You won't leave feeling like you ate a huge greasy meal, but rather a nice sensible lunch. Over my visits I have tried the Mini Ahi Tacos (my favorite!), the Queso Fundido, Pollo Chipotle and their signature dish Enchiladas Vera Cruz. All the dishes delighted. I will be back for sure.

I took a peek at their Happy Hour menu and it looks pretty fun and reasonably priced. They even have Ladies' Night on Thursday with half-priced drinks.  I have yet to check it out, but it's on the to-do list for sure!笑
Went there for dinner last night, Sunday, November 18, 2012. Ambiance was great, attentive from the moment you walked in, every person working there was smiling, now lets get to the food, what can I say it was fabulous. We started with the guacamole, made table side, they had little jars of condiments and asked you what you would like in it, it was delicious. My son had the Tacos al pastor, they had bits of pineapple in them and smelled and tasted wonderful (we all shared and had a bite of every ones order) I had the Enchiladas de Camerones....what are you kidding me, the shrimp was sweet and succulent, served with a sour cream poblano sauce that made my eye roll to the back of my head. My father had the Enchiladas Veracruz, which was a chicken enchilada with tomatillo sauce and queso fresco, old adage to "Die For". We topped off our meal with flan that was so smooth and light, my dad had the Mexican Apple Pie, with a Mexican Brandy butter and homemade cinnamon ice cream. I had the Mango Tres Leches cake, all I can say is that this cake deserves it's own holiday, it should be celebrated. If you have a chance to go there, what are you waiting for.....FANTASTIC!笑
We went for Father's Day dinner with a Groupon (of course)! Atmosphere was nice, drinks were good (and strong), service was friendly and the food was good. Don't know that we would return as their menu is pretty small but we were glad to try it once.笑
Went here with another couple for appetizers and drinks. Happy hour appetizers were quite good but the mixed drinks were terrible. My dirty martini had the distinction of being the worst I have ever had. My wife's Moscow Mule was more ice than anything else. Literally two sips and then there was all ice. Will not be returning.笑
Cantina Laredo Mexican Restaurant (3Stars) 
- 4 Stars for its good valued happy hour drinks & bar dishes and atteactive modern decor
- 2 Stars for poor bartender service!

It is a great addition to the charming Tivoli Village. It's a mid-upscale, Mexican restaurant with a plush, modern decor and very inviting, comfortable ambience. Its Happy Hour offer is excellent with good bar dishes and drinks and low prices. Service at the bar is quite SUBPAR, however.

My HH EXPERIENCE: 
- My first HH experience here was good enough that I'd go back there again and soon, and bring some friends along. 

Its entrance looks upscale and inviting, with the large open patio on the side, its lit firepit radiating warmth and charm. Inside the entrance is a nice waiting area. I was surprised to see a modern, mid-upscale decor - nothing resembles a traditional Mexican establishment! 
- It was only after I saw the HH menu and well after getting my free tortilla chips, when Cantina Laredo made me feel being in a Mexican restaurant. 
- I took a seat at the bar counter, which was about half-full around 6pm, and had to wait unusually long to get my 1st beer and chips! After one of the 2 barkeeps first greeted me, then they just seemed to ignore the customers.

The bar lounge is medium sized with an attractive bar counter and  several nice bar tables. Its happy hour (4-7; 9-closing M-F: Sat 11-5pm) offers a good selection of drinks ($2-5, plus daily drink specials), half-off bar dishes ($5-7), with free, warm tortilla chips!
[- See pics of menu]

I enjoyed my draft Dos XX ($3) and a delicious Margarita (Monday Special, $5, equivalent to two normal margaritas at $3each). For food, I had its popular Crab Cakes ($5.5) which came with 3 pieces - great price. However, the first cake I tasted was disappointing, a bit loose, runny, hardly had any crab meat, and was ONLY LUKE WARM (despite the warning from the server that the plate was super HOT!). After several attempts, I finally got the attention of the bartender, who called the manager. The manager was very friendly and offered to get me another order. I asked him to just have it warmed up, which he did. After the dish was warmed up, the crab cakes did taste much better; those remaining two did contain some crab meat! The mgr explained that the batch was probably not mixed well enough for more even distribution of ingredients? The gentleman sitting next to me was going to order the crab cakes but changed his mind after seeing my order.

Actually my main disappointment was its two bartenders' SUBPAR service that evening. They were NOT attentive, even the bar was not busy. They avoided eye contact with customers. The gentleman next to me and I were sitting at a great spot near the beer tabs and cash register, but we both still had great difficulty getting their attention even for our 1st drink, not to mention our subsquent orders...!

Note to Management:
- I understand that your nice restaurant is still brand new. I do hope your management would conduct more training to improve (1) the services at the bar counter, and (2) the consistency/quality of its dishes. PLEASE!

IN SHORT: 
- For its elgant, modern decor, nice ambience, and especially its good happy hour menu and low price, I like Cantina Laredo's HH, and will go back. Hopefully, its service at the bar will get better. When it does, I'll include it in my list of favorite bars.

Peterskis, Dec 2012
--笑
I read something about this place in one the local weekly newspapers and recommended it to some friends who were taking me to a birthday lunch.  The space was well done but like most of these places, the actual food was just okay. 
Of course, being a Mexican restaurant, I was expecting Viva Michoacan  or Lindo Michoacan (ha! I never noticed they had about the same name.)
The food here was okay, but v.small portions and not much to them. And like other reviewers, the server seems to really want us to drink their expensive booze. 
I'm not a drinker so that gets annoying,
Again, this is not a place that I will special effort to go here again.笑
Las night was their soft opening. What an amazing job they did. They make fresh guacomole at the table. The servers were very well prepared. Very Friendly, knowledgeable and just plain happy to be there.  
Now on to the food, my husband and I agreed the best enchiladas we have every had. Margaritas equally as good. I highly recommend Cantina Laredo at Tivoli Village!笑
I've been several times to Cantina Laredo.  I'd give the bar 3 stars, the restaurant 2.
Last night was probably the last time I'll attempt the restaurant.

Like others, we were seated outside on the front patio when the side patio had no tables large enough.  The front patio was loud due to outdoor entertainment nearby.  This wouldn't be bad for a loud party, but we were not, so we asked to be moved inside, and were accommodated.

Service was a disappearing act.  Polite, but tense.  Although we each ordered different entrees, 4 of us received exactly the same thing - fajita tacos with beans and rice.  It having taken too long to deal with changing, we stuck with it.  Overpriced, not much food.  

The music inside is loud and disjointed, playing from what seems to be a poorly engineered sound system.  We all found it overbearing.  

SUGGESTIONS:

1.  Put large tables on the side patio where people can talk.  Leave small tables where it's noisy, except for one or two for noisy parties;

2.  Train staff on the menu.  If your menu is in Spanish, they need to be able to comprehend enough of the language to know what people are ordering;

3.  Turn down the music.  We don't want to dance.  Grownups like to talk when they dine out.  Grownups pay the bills.  In case there is confusion, it is on this side of the bread that the butter resides.

4.  Maintain a consistent bar menu.  What happened to the Tanqueray?

POSTIVES:

fantastic location
open late, even on Sunday (as of this writing)
quality of food is good, if overpriced
huge place is never full笑
Visited this restaurant last night for the first time during happy hour. What a value and the food was delicious. We will be back for sure!!!笑
Wow! Guacamole tableside was amazing! The carne wrapped chilie ralleno was tasty and the apple pie was to die for! Will definitely be back!!!笑
As long as you're not expecting Tex-Mex cuisine, Cantina Laredo works- menu has Mexican food staples like tacos, enchiladas, and nachos, but with a pretentious Tivoli Village location and upscale decor. Luckily the service is better here than other spots in the shopping center!

Placing an order for pickup was quick and painless- the 15 minute estimate was right on time, and as I waited the bartender made light conversation and offered drinks. They have a ginger-citrus concoction on special that I want to come back for.

The spinach enchilada is tasty- get over the fact that you're paying $10 for a single vegetarian enchilada, because this one is large and tastes really good. The cream sauce on top is obviously not vegan, and is a lot richer than most "vegetarian" menu items. But I'd get it again! The tortilla soup was just okay, but not something that stood out to me.

Location is nice, they have outdoor seating available for nice weather- not clear on whether they have a HH, but their tasty food and personable service will keep them in my lunch rotation.笑
I am torn on this review....   Met some friends in here for dinner.  We love Tivoli and frequent many of the places here, although they are turning over quite quick these days.  I sat at the bar and had a cocktail.  Service was impeccable and  the chips and salsa were served quickly and were YUMMO!  Friends joined me at the bar and we tasted some tequilas before settling into our table in the dinning room.  That is where things went down hill.

I would say at least 10 minutes passed before anyone stopped by our table.  He then said he was slammed and would be by shortly.  He stopped by again about 5 minutes later with waters and swooped away again.  Finally came and got our order, it was pretty simple, ceviche appetizer, combo fajitas and a salad to share between the three of us as entrees.  I also ordered a drink at this time.  Well food came out all together (not as requested) my drink also didn't show up yet....  He ran off to get the drink.  We realized we didn't get our tortillas for our fajitas, and we also needed chips for our ceviche.  It was just a disaster.  Then with a table full of dirty dishes he brings the desert tray over, REALLY??  I am sitting in garbage, could you clean it up PLEASE!  
The food was amazing!!  I can't say that enough, but I would never eat in the dinning room here again.  I would stick to the bar.  Bartenders were awesome!!!笑
Cantina Laredo is absolutely wonderful! They hosted a brunch in their private room for my association last Saturday. The service was excellent, food was Amazing! The room was bright and beautiful and even had a tv set up for presentations (which we will be needing in the future). It was such a pleasure to coordinate the reservation with the general manager, so friendly and easy to book. I can NOT wait until we return again in September!笑
Ok so I went back to this Resteraunt on an invitation from the General Manager. My last visit wasn't so eventful so I wasn't expecting much. I don't know where to start. But I'll start with Mr. Workman. He greeted us at the door got us a nice table away from the crowd and noise right away. Jaclyn came by and introduced herself to us. That's when our adventure began. We ordered our drinks and our food and Jaclyn could not have been more delightful. The drinks were great and the food was delicious and looked like it came out of "the food network"  Jaclyn kept working her magic up to the end when she brought out the the big guns "Pie a la mode" it was a masterpiece. It was heaven to the pallet and constructed right in front of our eyes. Thank you Mr Workman and especially you Jaclyn.笑
I'm actually really disappointed in the service that my friends and I had tonight especially for it being extremely slow. We ordered an ahi appetizer, three tacos, a fajita entree and the brownie desert. The food was really good. For myself I ordered the three tacos and brownie. The tacos came with rice and beans and I wanted to save room for my desert so I only at one taco and the rice. Took a bite of a second taco but basically had two tacos + the bowl of beans left. I ordered my desert and asked the sever to bring me a box for my food. The server agreed and picked up my friends plates and took them back. Mine was still on the table to be put in a box. He brings out the desert and takes my plate away. My friend and I are under the impression he is boxing my food. Desert is over and I ask the server where are my tacos and beans. He said I told him to throw it away. This is absolutely inaccurate. He agreed to bring a box for my food hence why he only picked up my friends dirty plates and had left mine until desert came. He did not apologize. He looked at me with a blank stare and told him "well.." For him to proceed with a solution for the mistake he made. He went to the kitchen and had them make a Barbaco taco, a single taco. My friend and I weren't sure whether we should ask for a manager considering I had two tacos and beans to be boxed and the server replaced it with one taco that I didn't even order. I ordered the chicken... Anyways.

This was kind of a rip off to pay for a $15 3 taco meal to have server make a mistake to throw my food away that was suppose to be boxed and never even apologized. Hopefully Francisco can work on his skills as a server to pay attention more.笑
Looking for some yummy Mexican-ish type food? Look here!

Cantina Laredo is a newer restaurant located in Tivoli Village, right next to the colorful trees. Its a very nice and open location, and the seating is not tight and uncomfortable. Upon entering you will see a bar area to the left, an outdoor area to the far left, and to the right more seating inside with the cool AC running. There is also more seating available on the patio, but we opted for the cool indoor seating. 

Then menu is simple, the front is the Entrees and food, the back has all the drinks they offer. This visit we all got a mojito, the waiter suggested adding peach to make it more delicious, and boy he was spot on with that! We chose the "Cantina roll" and the table side guacamole as our apps, they also provide you with chips and 2 different types of salsas. I liked both, one was a little spicier than the other so it was nice to have variety. Soon our lady came to us with her cart to make the table side guac, what I liked most is that you have a choice of peppers, the hot Serrano, spicy jalapeno, or the roasted jalapeno. I really wanted Serrano, but we went with the jalapeno. You can also choose what other ingredients you would like added, the standard tomatoes, red onions, cilantro, and of course lime and other spices. She pitted 2 large avocados and went to work making the guac. She was very good at making it, although I would've like it a little creamier, she had big chunks of avocado in there, luckily they were ripe and soft so it was ok. My friend liked it so much so he ordered a 2nd order when dinner arrived. 

For our entrees we all ordered enchiladas, my "mother" opted for the enchiladas de espinaca aka spinach enchiladas. They consisted of Sautéed spinach, Monterey jack cheese and mushrooms topped with sour cream poblano sauce. Her husband went with the Enchiladas Veracruz which were made of chicken, spinach and monterey jack topped with tomatillo sauce, marinated vegetables, and queso fresco. I went for the Enchiladas de Camarones aka shrimp enchiladas, these were made with Shrimp, Monterey jack cheese and roasted peppers on vegetables topped with sour cream poblano sauce. All entrees include 2 enchis and rice, some cilantro some Spanish, and black beans. My enchiladas were super amazing, and coming from a Mexican girl that should mean something! My friends also agreed! Their entrees were gone is less than 10 minutes! As well as their yummy mojitos! If you've ever dined with me, I am definitely the slowest eater ever, BEWARE!

The nice server came back to our table and asked if we were ready for dessert, of course Santiago said yes so he brought out an actual plated selection of what was available. We chose the mango tres leches and the Mexican brownie. The Brownie consisted of a large brownie with pecans and walnuts served on a sizzling skillet with Mexican Brandy Butter and vanilla or cinnamon ice cream. The mango tres leches were a creamy vanilla cake with fresh mango as well as mango cream sauce. THEY WERE AMAZING! My favorite was the mango tres leches, mainly bc it was sooooo light and tasted amazing with the mangos! By the end of all of this, we were totally full!

The service at Cantina Laredo is impeccable and the quality and quantity of food is just right for the price, its more gourmet and you can tell they put love and time into every dish they make. We will definitley be back for happy hour, where they have specials on apps and drinks!笑
We chose to eat a late lunch on a Wednesday around 2:30. The decor is quite modern and wide open. There was a definitely a chill in the air so we ordered coffee. The waitress was very accommodating in regards to inquiries about the menu. Our coffee was lukewarm and it took 25 minutes for our lunch to arrive. The spinach enchiladas were boring and prepared using very small tortillas. The brisket tacos were tough to chew, dry and lacking any distinct flavor. Rice and beans were good and small in portion size. Did I mention the coffee? The waitress never checked to see if we needed a refill. Overall, we were disappointed in the quality of the food, portion size, flavor and service.笑
Such a great spot! I've been here several times and am never disappointed. Today I was there with a group of six for a business meeting and the food was wonderful. We ordered the cevichi and guacamole to share both were great. This was my first time having either one and they will now become a staple. The guacamole is made to order and ours had a wonderful kick to it. The chips are warm from the oven and the two salsas they serve with them are wonderful, I particularly like the warm one. I shared with my co-worker so I got a barbacoa (brisket) taco and an al pastor taco. While both were good the al pastor did not have the kick I require in al pastor; the barbacoa on the other hand was spectacular and i will be ordering it again next time I go. Several of the ladies I had lunch with enjoyed the salmon which was the fish of the day and all three said they would order it again. The service was good not great my water ran dry a few times but overall our waitress Amanda was very respectful of the fact that we were in fact having a meeting and was careful not to interrupt.笑
Cantina Laredo has become my favorite Mexican restaurant in Vegas. It isn't super authentic like the Michoacan chain, but more of something you would see opened by a celebrity chef on the strip. The quality and portion size is excellent, and the margaritas are great! They have a good happy hour, but I really wish they would extend it out to the beautiful patio area they have, and maybe stay open a bit later during the summer (see Kona Grill handbook). Looking forward to my next visit already!笑
I don't often give 5 stars, but my meal was flawless from start to finish. This review is 70% food and 30% service based. Only because I sat at the bar and didn't get the full dining experience. But I have to say that my bartender was sweet, friendly, attentive and gave excellent recommendations. Even the chips and salsa are a cut above the rest. They have this warm Chipotle salsa that is to die for. And the other, more typical style salsa is perfectly nice as well. I arrived for happy hour and started with the $6 sopes and a cup of the arroz con pollo soup. So good! And you can't beat a $5 margarita made with fresh squeezed lime juice and silver tequila. Had the avocado enchiladas for an entree and couldn't believe how delicious every single bite of every dish was. Everything was infused with flavor, even the black beans.  For the price you really can't beat this place.笑
good service, I liked the green rice.  The seafood enchilada I had was pretty good I feel some of the dishes are overpriced though笑
I wish I could give more stars because the food was certainly worth it.....but the restaurant staff just wasn't friendly.
walked in Sunday afternoon....it wasn't very busy at all. I greeted the hostess she hardly even acknowledged I spoke to her let alone I had two people with me.
we were promptly sat but had to wait a while for someone to even come over to us. We were first given the chips and salsa (delish) but no water or beverage....i hate eating salsa without water...what if the salsa is too spicy???
We waited about 5 more minutes before Ramon (our waiter) came over to us...thank GOD he had a personality. we ordered Queso Laredo and table side guacamole...the lady who came over to make our guac had zero personality....I tried to joke with her and talk with her and ...nothing! She did make good guacamole!! Our queso cam out and it was good as well....how can you go wrong with CHEESE!!
We ordered our entrees....I was happy to see they had a brunch menu...it includes a mimosa or bloody maria (I wish it would include a margarita....that's what we were drinking)
I had the Migas con huevos (a scrambled egg dish that had jalapenos, bacon, and tortillas in it) I added cheese to it (doesn't all mexican food need cheese) and the added 1.45 to the bill....really I wasn't spending enough money???
My husband had the salmon we said it was very good...it came with some sort of rice and myf riend had the ensalada de cilantro pollo...it was a beautiful looking and large salad...she said it was good as well.
Margaritas!!! (the whole reason i wanted to go) we ordered skinny margaritas and had them add jalapeno for a little spice....they were very good...in a tall and skinny glass....we only had one each (not sure if I was too full from the food).
The food is very good...Ramon was a good waiter....the restaurant needs a more fun vibe....I will go back I love the location and like I said food was great!笑
Definitely a subpar experience. It was our server who came to seat us, but there was no smile, no introduction, no welcome whatsoever. Dumped our menus on the table and walked off. Throughout the whole lunch, we felt so uncomfortable with his obvious unhappiness to be working there. He kept slamming things on the table, talking hurriedly, and looking angry. I wish I looked at his name on the check, too bad. Anyways, the food itself was also below average. The ceviche had about 4 chunks of sea bass in it and also had celery in it, which was very strange. The guacamole was decent. I got the tacos de pollo, which were actually pretty good. The Spanish rice was very flavorful also. My friend got the Camarones Escondidos, which was supposed to be chicken stuffed with shrimp with a chipotle wine sauce. They literally cut the chicken in half, put a few pieces of shrimp in it, and closed the chicken (see photo). It might be just me, but it was weird. Overall, bad service and okay food. I won't be returning.笑
We came to this place on a whim and regretted every bite. The restaurant is priced as a high-end  contemporary Mexican but is apparently TexMex-inspired... but you'd never know it until your food arrives.  

The $20 "Camarones Escondidos" dish, described as a chicken breast stuffed with shrimp, was an overcooked chicken breast laid on top of some pre-cooked baby shrimp.  I could forgive baby shrimp of the dish were only $10 but it's actually $20, which is frankly insulting. 

The beef enchiladas contained no cheese and are covered in "Tex Mex" chili con carne instead of enchilada sauce, which was a shock to our table as we have never experienced this sort of thing at any Mexican restaurant, ever.  What kind of enchilada doesn't have cheese?  We expressed disappointment about the enchiladas to our server who helped us replace it with tacos, as a manager stood over his shoulder interjecting comments, making the entire thing very uncomfortable.   The replacement beef tacos weren't much of an improvement. The meat felt mushy, as if it had been sitting in a crock pot for a full day.   

We also got fish tacos which weren't very good. The fish was clearly not fresh and the rice and beans that came on the side tasted bad and were served cold.  They did replace the rice and beans for us but it didn't help much in terms of flavor. Even hot, the food was still bad. 

Needless to say, we left extremely disappointed. Just really bad food with service that tried to fix the issue but just couldn't.  Giving this place one star for trying to correct the issue but the manager seemed to have an attitude even when trying to help. The food was so awful that I cannot in good conscience recommend this place to anybody.  This place could be great but needs a new chef and menu overhaul, ASAP.笑
Service south of the border.
We have been strong supporters for Cantina Laredo, referring all our friends to try it out. Service has always been very good. Until tonight. We arrived, sat at the Bar and asked what the Happy Hour specials were. After being told that the Merlot and Cab were $4.00 I ordered the Merlot.  We relocated to a table across from the Bar so another couple who we invited could join us..  We asked the server before ordering anything if she would split the check because we were ordering dinner and our friends were just having Apps and drinks.  We were told no problem. So far so good. We then got a different server who had a attitude and was not a people person.  Drinks took excessively a long time to get. I ordered Fortaleza Blanco tequila, Neat. The server forgot what i asked for so i repeated what i wanted and he repeated what i requested, then he was going to give me the wrong tequila that I ordered even after repeating my request for what I asked for.
The check came and we were charged $9.50 for glasses of wine instead of the $4.00 happy hour charge, When the bill came, it was bundled together instead of split and the server got a new attitude when I told him I had asked the 1st server to split the check.  Our friends were very upset and vowed to never return. Not a happy camper. Vegas has 1000's of places to dine and if customers are treated properly resturants go as fast as they come. I hope Cantina Laredo improves.笑
I went here for lunch on a work day.  I met my parents who brought my toddler so we could all eat together.

The waitress was friendly and patient with my toddler.  She brought out a sample of a sauce when my mother worried about it being too spicy.  We were in and out and I was back at work on time. 

Now to the food.  I ordered enchiladas with avocado and artichokes.  My mother ordered cheese and onion enchiladas.  My father ordered chicken enchiladas.  All were delicious.  I especially loved my avocado and artichoke enchiladas.  They were fresh and tasty and I didn't leave with a heavy-feeling stomach.  The cheese enchiladas were also very good.  The black beans were very bland but the rice was delicious.

I would happily go back to this restaurant.笑
Cool setting, Good service HORRIBLE FOOD.
What a joke, the enchiladas tasted like chilli cheese fries.
My Torta was on ciabatta bread & looked like it was from subway.
We sent 1 plate back & they offered a free drink which they ended up charging on the bill. Sorry but I wont be returning to this "American-Mexican" Spot..笑
(Writing under my husband's yelp account - from his wife Debbie S. !) --- If you are looking for a great restaurant in Las Vegas to hold a private event -- look no further! I cannot begin to say enough things about my recent experience with Cantina Laredo in Las Vegas and specifically working with the manager, Matt Lynch. I was hosting a baby shower for my sister who lives in Vegas + 35 guests but I was planning from Arizona. Needless to say, I could not have been more relieved after doing a ton of research for Vegas restaurants when I came across Cantina Laredo. From the beginning, Matt was extremely responsive, helpful with detailed information, flexible with the menu and our various requests, always happy to answer any questions we had and went above and beyond by sharing pictures, suggestions etc. They have a great private room that can accomodate up to 40 people and they are located within Tivolli Village so the ambiance around the restaurant is also great. This gave me such peace of mind knowing we were working with a manager who wanted to ensure we had the best experience possible - not only at the event but during the planning process. The morning of the event, Matt and his staff (specifically our server, Jackie), could not have been more helpful and accomodating. They provided fantastic service throughout the entire event. Many guests commented on how delicious the food was and how prompt the service was, especially for a group of 35 people. Others commented on how great of a place it was to hold a special event. Could not have been happier with our experience from start to finish!笑
Awesome place. The food is delicious. The customer service is perfect. The manager Mark always makes sure that his customers are happy and taken care of.  I recommend this place to everyone because I am so impressed with the experience.笑
I had a delicious dinner here with my mum today. We both had tacos: I had the mahi-mahi, and ma had carnitas. The food was quite delicious and very filling. The fish was well cooked, and the crema we asked for was fresh, creamy, and delicious! My mum reports the carnitas were fantastic, well cooked and savory. That said they could have been a little larger I think. For almost $15, I think that there either should have been 4 mini tacos, or the tacos should have been bigger. They were beautifully presented, although I didn't particularly taste the chipotle aioli in my taco. 

The service was neither good, nor bad. It was a little slow (considering there was almost no one there when we went) but it was a nice day to sit outside, so it didn't bother us too much. It took a bit too long to get water or refills, but the waitress was nice and friendly. I took the star off for a combo of slow service and maybe just a bit too little food for the price. 

I love that their menu has gluten free options! Makes it easier for us Celiacs to eat safely! I would definitely recommend this place, but maybe more for lunch. As it was I felt really good after eating here (which rarely happens when I go out) so definitely Celiac approved!笑
Had dinner there last night. No wait getting in. Great staff! Amazing food. Two types of salsa were provided and both were great!  Our group all had different dishes and everyone loved what they got. We will definitely eat there again.笑
"The guac is fantastic, loved my entire meal. Totally enjoyed the outside dining. The service was great.  Will definitely be back!"