Great food. 

We had the mushroom pizza, the Capricciosa pizza, cheese ravioli and the spring pea ravioli. All were amazing. 

Since it's essentially a part of the Longos family, the pizzas were out of this world. I highly recommend it笑
Alright... I was convinced to come back a second time and was far happier. Had a daily salmon special with cauliflower puree that was AMAZING. I still feel like the price is a little much... but when you consider how nice the whole place is... it ALMOST makes up for it. I'd probably come back if I wanted to impress family, and cross my fingers the food comes out as fast as it did this past Monday evening.笑
I thought the food was fantastic! I got the cavatelli that came with sausage, broccoli, sun dried tomatoes in a tomato basil sauce. I picked this because I didn't just want marinara and I'm so glad I did! My husband got the Bistro Steak and that also was terrific! We both got the tiramisu and again, it was a home run. 

Now, here is why I can't give them 5 stars. We waited 30 minutes (no big deal) but we were seated at a tiny table for 2 next to the bar. When you look forward to a rare date night without kids, I'd appreciate being asked if sitting in the bar is ok.  Got past that, but what was hard to get past was the blaring club dance music mixed in with grunge, or loud rock music. I don't know if they pipe that music into the other dining areas but it really really detracts from the ambiance of a nice meal. No, I'm not a senior citizen, and no I don't have a problem with rock music but I felt like I was hanging out at Panini's and not on a romantic dinner date. I seriously hope management reads these comments because they may think it's a minor issue, but it really made me think there is no way I can bring clients, or even my parents here. It was a total mismatch that could be fixed instantly by having a classier ambiance.  Personally, I think Lake a County has enough Sports Bars and if I want a true Sports Bar, I'll go elsewhere.笑
This restaurant is very pretty inside but the food stinks. Everything that we ordered was not good whatsoever. We are italian and aren't super picky when it comes to eating Italian out but we do like good food and this is not it. We each tried the stuffed peppers and they were gross the beet salad was nothing great the ravioli was no good either. It's too bad because we would love a good Italian place out this way but we will just cook it ourselves from now on!!! Won't go back笑
Fantastic service and the food was delicious.  This is a great addition, improving/expanding the Mentor restaurant scene!笑
Ive been here twice now. Great experiences on both occasions. Both servers were friendly and attentive. Food was excellent. Menu prices arent outrageous. Not a bad word to say...笑
Great food, atmosphere, service!!! Loved it !! But need eggplant dishes, and work on your red sauce.笑
Great atmosphere and very well set-up. This will definitely be a well visited restaurant. There is patio seating with a fire place which will be a great place to hang out and have some drinks in Spring, Summer, and Fall. Winter....not so much. The food was very good and there is a wide variety of options on the menu. The pizza was better than expected and they make a mozzarella cheese in-house. It was very good. I was not impressed with the tiramisu. It was not what traditional tiramisu is, but more of a tiramisu-like dessert. The drinks menu maintained a diverse selection of draft and bottled beers, along with cocktails and many varieties of wine. The staff was friendly and attentive. This is now  restaurant add into the restaurant rotation. Check it out.笑
It's funny how we always thought we had to go to Little Italy for authentic Italian!  Now we have Pastina right in our backyard; it really is delightful!  The food was fabulous: I enjoyed a handmade Mushroom ravioli and my husband ordered a traditional pasta dish and loved it. 
The service was sensational; we were blessed with a server who was right on the ball.  We have already spoken about our next visit to Pastina and look forward to bringing all our friends here!  We were so pleasantly surprised by the ambience inside because the exterior is very generic.  Hopefully, they will stay here for a long, long time ... look out Brio!笑
First time here after reading all the great reviews and was not disappointed. Everything was awesome with our party of 10 from the appetizers to the deserts.笑
What a great night the 4 of us had! First time here. Service was outstanding. The shrimp linguini was outstanding. Dessert was fab- had the brownie and gelato!! Great service too.  Well' be back笑
I absolutely love this place. At first I was like great, another Italian place in mentor? I have been blown away by this place. Pastina offers some of the best food in the city and is now my first choice when dinning close to home. I eat here about once a week and every time I find something new and exciting to try. It all starts with their home made bread and tomato oil dipping sauce which is complementary!!! Then I always order the calamari, it is by far the best I've ever had. After that it's a guess as to which entree to try because everyone I've had has been great. Their steak is melt in your mouth and the pasta.... Forgot about it. All freshly made and out of this world. Lastly the service has been very good and I always look forward to coming back.笑
FINALLY!  Finally a good authentic Italian restaurant in Mentor!  My husband and I have been craving such a place like this for years.  Someplace close instead of traveling down to Little Italy.  And it has arrived.....beautifully decorated....warm, romantic and spacey.  Had a typical wait on a Saturday night, but enjoyed drinks in the bar area while we waited.  Once sat, we were welcomed by a very friendly and fun server.  We started with the Burschetta.....delicious and prepared well.  We also enjoyed the bread and sauce they bring to the table.  I ordered the Butternut Squash ravioli and my husband ordered the Cavetelli with sausage and meatballs in their 
Traditional red sauce.  Being Italian, my husband is very picky about his sauce and meatballs......pleasantly surprised.  Not a watery sauce like you find in most restaurants.  The Butternut Squash was perfect with a hint of balsamic reduction and not overly drowned in it.  For dessert, my tell tale sign of a good restaurant....Tiramisu......impeccable.  Perfect combination of marscapona and coffee flavor.  In conclusion? Go check this place out, now, please, you will not be disappointed.  Friendly staff, great ambiance and impeccable food.  Thank you Pastina Rustic, thank you!笑
Excellent pizza, appetizers, and pasta! All of the food/ingredients are from local farmers/vendors. The atmosphere is inviting, especially in the Summer. I'd venture to say that this is one of the best restaurants in Mentor, if not THE best.笑
It was good, nothing stellar. Went with a party of 10 and the service was good. The food was warm and the place is clean.笑
Glorified "Olive Garden." White Clam dish was so soupy, it could have been mistaken as pho. The "house" dressing was straight from a bottle. The meat in the stuffed peppers was mushy. Only decent dish was our calamari. Will never return.笑
Delicious italian food with a great ambiance/atmosphere. I would definitely recommend trying this place. We came on a Friday night and had to wait 45 minutes for a table. While waiting they gave us 4 complimentary pieces of pizza. It was delicious!笑
We had great food and great service. The calamari is amazing. Loved the decor. We will definitely be back!笑
Severely underrated! Everything was excellent. The food, the service and the pricing!  Shrimp fettuccine, chicken, parm and pork shank were mouthwatering delicious!笑
I'm gonna give this restaurant 4 stars because I think it is worth checking out. I would 5 star the delicious texture of their homemade pasta, which I think might have crack in it; i am addicted to it. They have fresh pasta with its delightful soft texture served with meals. (Are all types of pasta homemade - I cannot know) I got the chicken pesto pasta and it was (almost) delicious! I felt it needed juuuuuuust a little moisture, like more pesto, or some olive oil. The sliced chicken in it was just slightly dry, and it needed something. It needed the dipping sauce that came with the bread. I just put that on there and it was good. The bread was good and has like a tomato olive oil dip (a little heavy on the tomato for my tastes) Salad was pretty average honestly... the "house" italian just seemed real tart and bottled. I can't remember what hubs and father-in-law got. My father-in-law loved the place! 

So it seems like I found it a lot of average... but it really is quite nice inside! and it is kind of hidden away in a shopping center somewhat. I wouldn't have noticed it but a friend recommended it... and I am pleased that I went and tried it! Inside the decor is well done and the restaurant seems well thought-out. So I'm giving 4 stars against my food opinion because I was impressed when I walked in and loved the fresh pasta thing, server was nice and I think it is worth a check-out.... and maybe as time goes on some things will improve, like the mediocre salad. So I would recommend you try the place when you have time and see for yourself.笑
We were excited to try this restaurant. We walked in and the two hostesses, one with a bandage on her had, would not even give us the time of day. When they did finally acknowledge me standing directly in front of them after I said "hello?" every question I asked regarding eating outside was met with a snotty response. We just turned around and left. What a disappointment. First impressions are everything and that was a terrible first impression.笑
This restaurant does a good job of hiding the fact it's in a strip store on both the interior and exterior.  The menu selection is nice and it's great to see the words homemade on the menu.  Our bread and sauce arrived promptly. I prefer my Italian bread to have a little chewier crust, but the sauce was nice. My butternut ravioli was tasty...a slight sweetness and an ample portion. I always love having some creative options to choose from and they certainly had them.  The side salads with cheese had a flavorful dressing and a nice mix of vegetables. It was great to get darker greens rather than iceberg lettuce. I would give this restaurant a 4, but my husband didn't really care for his shrimp pasta. The shrimp were overcooked and the sauce had a very strong seafood flavor that almost overpowered the meal. We visited on October 31 and the music was an annoying mix of Halloween songs which was distracting to me. Our servers were polite and did a decent job of checking in with us. I would like to come back and try their stone oven pizzas.  I have been looking for a local place that tastes like authentic NYC pizza.笑
Personally I was expecting more.  I had the linguini carbonara...I was expecting a bit more flavor to the dish.  They do not offer any salad to accompany the entree.  Bread before the meal was ok, however, I did really enjoy the red sauce.  Wish that could be made into a sauce for the pasta.  My husband had the pizza with pepperoni and sausage.  I personally had better sausage, however, the crust was good.  Enjoyed the craft beers and cocktail menu.笑
The service and red bread dipping sauce are the stellar items here! 

The pizza was "ok" - I feel like more options as to combination pizzas are needed for this place to shine - don't get me wrong - the mushroom pizza was good - not very "mushroom-y" though...

The cavatelli tasted like frozen Chieffos cavatelli that we make at home...only colder & swimming in watery red sauce. 

Would I go back - for the take out red bread dipping sauce and maybe a craft beer (they have a good draft selection) - pizza would be only "to go".笑
OVERPRICED !! Food was not worth the price. That being said I eat out almost daily and spend this much without hesitation. I travel all over eating at dining establishments. I had heard from others that this place had good food but this night I did not get good food. I started with Bruschetta, Wings, and caprese salad. the salad was made with grape tomatoes. it was not terrible but not as good as most places I have tried and its a staple for me. the wings were good but barely cooked. the bruschetta was ok but the toast was not so toasty and had less of a crunchiness do to excessive oil, also every one was covered with a thick creamy cheese. For my entrée I chose the chicken Milanese, my chicken finally came out and it was dry and barely room temp. I told my server when she asked if everything was ok her solution was she could send it back to the kitchen ...not can we make another one for you. so I declined fearing what they would try to do since it was already dry and chewy. I hoped they would do something in good faith but failed to do so. I Did not eat anymore of my food at this point and hoped maybe I could salvage it at home. I decided to go ahead and try the tiramisu hoping they would just wipe that off the bill as that is textbook restaurant 101..."offer free dessert" .
well no such luck and nothing done to the check. our server as were the other servers were preoccupied with cleaning up and not so much on top notch service. it wasn't terrible just not as good as it could have been. the décor was nice and it was clean. There was live music by one man and his guitar so we asked to be seated in the dining area rather than the bar area as it was kind of loud. Could it have been a good meal...yes maybe on another night when more attention was paid to the details. would I recommend....well I would let them know its overpriced for the quality I received. would I go back....undecided. we will see how the respond to my review.(if at all) I almost forgot... the tiramisu was good but not anywhere near $8 good. our bill for two people was $85 only one dessert and they had the same entrée as I did. they did not care for the wings or the bruschetta I shared.笑
Wow! Loved the food and the service. I was never a big fan Italian food but the food here was just too good. And the service, amazing.  I am definitely coming back here. They customized the food as per our needs and recommended alternatives to improve the customized food.笑
Don't know about the food but they need to get there act together on seating customers in the bar. Poorcommunication笑
Service and décor is really nice.  Appetizers were good and the bread and pasta was great - issue with some of the sauces - both times I was there.  Pasta sauce was really bland......and the spicy sauce just had a bad after taste.  This shouldn't be another Longo's.笑
Came in for dinner tonight and had zerina as my server, she was awesome. They were out of mussels, which was a bummer, but she recommended the calamari and it was perfectly cooked. I had the lamb and gnocchi special and my fiancé had the Luna Rosa cavatelli. Both entrees were great. I am a pastry chef and the tiramisu wasn't anything to write home about. But the service more than made up for the bumps. Zerina was personable and funny with great recommendations.笑
I appreciate your reply but like most people I order and plan to pick up right away. If I am delayed it's on me then. I will stand by my original opinion. No other restaurant shares your concerns. Ive ordered pasta and many other things from all over and never had a problem.笑
Not to sound like a crabber.
The staff is very nice and friendly.
That is where the good comments stop.
Longos, Joey's, and Pastina the same dishes served at all 3 locations.
Once you've eaten at one you've eaten at them all.笑
My wife and I decided to celebrate our 6 year wedding anniversary by going out to Pastina. My father gave us a $50 gift card because we had mentioned we wanted to try the place out. I made reservation around 6pm for a 7:15 check in no issues. We walk in and were greeted right away. We sat down and almost instantly were greeted by our waiter who was very knowledgeable about the restaurant's menu as well as very polite and friendly. We got waters as we browsed the menu. I stuck with water as a healthy drink my wife opted to enjoy a strawberry and basil margarita. She enjoyed it and said it was VERY strong. She does not drink much now a days so she was tipsy by the end lol. We decided to order two APPS I chose the Rhode island calamari in a very tasty sweet/hot sauce topped with a drizzle of wasabi mayo. My wife decided on the caprase salad.  While we waited for our APPS we were served nice homemade bread and a AMAZING marinara dipping sauce. The dipping sauce honestly was the first amazing taste of the night we both raved about it. Our apps  came and we both smashed them while having good conversation and I might add a meal with out our kids which does not come often. We placed our entrée orders. We went with a chicken parm and homemade linguini pasta for my wife and I was tied up on 4 different dishes two being a ravioli dish one being chicken picata and the other being the restaurant's butchers cut nightly special. Again our waiter being really friendly helped me narrow down my choice to two different entrees and I went with the butchers cut which was a braised short rib on top on creamy polenta with some roasted veggies as well as some natural auju. Our bill came to roughly $73 which is not cheap how ever I feel we got good quality food and even great portions. This place will only be for special occasions as we aren't high rollers. We had a GC as stated earlier so we decided to get the app's if we did not have that we would of just got the entrée. The inside is beautiful. Oh one last thing there was a lady walking around with a bottle of homemade red wine. I guess the cheese maker for the restaurant makes it so she was offering tastings was a nice little surprise even though I don't really like wine.笑
So first let's start with they say no reservations but they will take them before 6 and after 8. We had a party of 10 and they sat us right away. We told them we were bringing in a cake and they even offered to serve it ! 
The outside doesn't look to appealing and hope soon this changes because the inside is amazing. It is so cute inside. The bar is awesome ! The outside patio is amazing and you can still sit outside even if it's pouring rain like it was the night we were there. 
Back where we were sitting I also noticed that there was a private outside area with fireplace. I believe you can have parties there. 
Everyone loves the calamari appetizer ! The number one thing at our table offered was the pork shank with mushroom risotto ! So delicious but I actually got the salmon entree which was cooked perfect. 

On a side not we had a newborn and 5 year old with us and is totally kid friendly as well as a great place for date night. 

Totally recommend giving this place a try !!!!!笑
We went there a few days ago with my mom and grandma. We all got pasta dishes: Pastina Bolognese, Pesto Paillard, and Linguine Marinara. Every one of them was delicious. Then, we had tiramisu for dessert, which also was very good. The server was nice and attentive too. BUT, we all had DIARRHEA later on for quite a long time. I don't think I'm willing to come back or recommend someone this place. It ruined the entire experience.笑
The reason I am giving this restaurant such a low score is not based on poor service, decor etc., it's for another completely unacceptable and horrific reason. Everything seemed pretty kosher with Pastina Rustica, food tasted great, everyone was friendly, my girlfriends and I had an over all good experience..that is until we discovered what we did in our take home box. Both of us ordered the special for the night which happened to be the Monk fish. I finished my dinner at the restaurant but she had some left overs. The next day she decided to reheat the remainder of her food and was horrified to find a worm INSIDE HER FISH. I am so disgusted. From further investigation it turns out to be a Round worm which if gone unnoticed can lead so some nasty complications. We are both so freaked out now, we had to order parasite testing kits to make sure we did not ingest any.  How is this acceptable?! How did this pass?' This was no small worm. Please be careful and cautious when ordering the fish, I've NEVER had an issue like this so I'm assuming where ever they are sourcing their fish may not be up to par. Please see the picture of what we pulled out of their monk fish. I will never return.笑
The mid-aged brunette hostess couldn't be any more cold and uncaring. At least PRETEND like you give a damn that we decided to spend our money at your place of employment. Maybe she's an owner or owner's wife and doesn't think she needs to give a crap. Wayyyy too expensive for the little food on the plate. All-in-all it wasn't a positive experience!笑
So cozy in here! The menu is to die for! My first visit. We will definitely be back!笑
The food is good not great..the restaurant itself is nice however furniture was uncomfortable to sit on also some tables are right in middle of all the heavy traffic going back and forth.not really a place for a couple to enjoy a romantic dinner...wouldn't recommend. Kinda of pricey as well...笑
I took my mother and my brother here, and we were all very impressed! For an appetizer we got the Arancini. This is a must get, it was absolutely fantastic! You get three large rice balls, easily enough for us.

All of our entrees came with either soup or house salad, but unfortunately they were all out of soup. Salads were nothing special. The homemade italian was good, but a little sweet. For an entree, my mother got the mahi mahi, my brother linguine marinara with meatballs, and I got the butternut squash ravioli. 

Portions on all of these were quite large! Both the ravioli and the linguine are homemade and were fantastic. The squash ravioli was amazing itself! I got sausage on the side, and it was great! The fish had some troubles though. While absolutely delicious, the topping on it was very cold, as in pulled out of the fridge and put on. This made the parts of the fish that had the topping on it just as cold. So in the end 1/2 was perfect, and half was very cold. This was just added in, as it was a paper insert in the menu. We mentioned to them and hopefully it will be fixed in the future, cause it's a shame cause everything else about it was great. 

For desert we had their homemade tiramisu. We tried to get bread pudding as well, but they were out of that as well. That said, the tiramisu was great!

The atmosphere is nice. Not as casual as something like olive garden, but not as fancy as a higher end restaurant. The furniture felt a little cheap. 

In the end, without alcohol, expect to spend $25-$30 per person. We will be going back for sure!笑
So the chef contacted me in private email.i again gave all the facts such as table we sat and server and hostess remarks
 Never heard back as I expected.so moments ago I receive a sly comment from Michael I presume the owner who tells me to enjoy the breads sticks from olive garden well Michael the breads sticks are wonderful and served hot. You should try it some time and maybe you will learn something .I will wait to see a for lease sign on your building笑
Had the chicken Marsala and it was great. The service was on point and pretty nice decor. Parm frites appetizer was surprisingly good. Surprising because I didn't really expect much from what is essentially a plate of fries but couldn't get enough of the damn things. Would have liked some bread and butter,especially in an Italian place but none to be found. Menu is pretty standard so if you're looking for creativity you may be disappointed. Wife had ravioli and she liked it, but ravioli is ravioli. We will definitely go back when we're out that way.笑
Very well made fresh pasta dishes. Excellent fries. Their marinara sauce seemed to lack complexity though.笑
My husband and I went here for our anniversary because we wanted to try something different.  What a fantastic choice we made.  The service was friendly, quick and knowledgeable.  The food was fantastic too.  They had dishes that were different then the normal Olive Garden or Bravo offering which made it a unique and new experience.  I can't wait to come back here again.笑
Had a little wait after calling ahead - I expected it because we requested the Patio on Saturday evening. The Bar was not too crowded so it was an easy wait.

Calamari and Arancini were big hits - as was the complimentary bread and sauce.

The Bistro steak and Pork shank were excellent choices - but there weren't any complaints on the other entrees.  The specialty drinks are on the high side, but not too out of line and very good.

Our server - (Joe) was excellent 

I definitely will try and go back soon before the snow flies.笑
At first glance this restaurant looks like it is no part of the strip mall and currently lives in. The design isn't done a terrific job of making it look like a completely separate establishment. They did have a front porch that they've done a good job of enclosing has a nice fire and comfy couches. Between then and were told the wait was going to be about 15 minutes which we were fine with we planned on going to the bar and waiting at the bar. I would consider this a mid-range Italian restaurant and the servers all had on a uniform of some sort. What I thought was really odd was that the bartenders were all wearing jeans and some sort of Ohio State Buckeyes top. Are particular bartender was wearing a hoodie and the entire bar staff seemed dressed rather unprofessional compared to the rest of the servers. They were attentive enough but it just struck me as odd like the busboy snuck behind the bar or something and decided to start pouring drinks. It's not a sports bar, I understand Ohio State was playing, but let's stick to our reason for being there in a serving and being professional about it. We elected to not have a full on dinner rather experimenting with some appetizers. I had the arancini which was my first experimentation with this and I thought it was actually really good! My friend had a caprese salad and it was very tasty fresh nothing to complain about. Our server was very attentive, we never really had to wait for a refill on a drink and overall I cannot give it 5 stars because I want to wait until I I am able to have a full meal. But easily it's one of the better Italian restaurants in Mentor and I will be back!笑
Visiting friends in the area, I had the opportunity to dine here.  OMG!  They make their own bread and fresh mozzarella!  The salmon chips were heavenly!  Everything was so flavorful! Better make a reservation, it was packed on a Tuesday!   I wish they had a restaurant like this at home:  Carmel, CA.笑
The bar is awesome.  Have a seat and enjoy one of their brews.  If you happen in on a night when Debbie is tending bar you will have been served by one of the best!

If you are so inclined, grab a bite.  Have a Pizzas or some pasta, and make sure to finish with tiramisu!

Enjoy!笑
We went on a Monday night so it wasn't very busy.  Geat decor, the service was top notch, and our server was very informative and helpful.  The stuffed Cubanelle pepper appetizer was great, and her recommendation of the Pastina Bolognese was spot on - Delicious.  We will be back here whenever we're in town.笑
Three of us had dinner early last Friday on the patio and were very impressed with the cuisine and service. Loved the 3 cheese ravioli especially. Will definitely be back.笑
If I could give this restaurant 4,312 stars I would. Maybe 4,313. 
My family and I are traveling across this great (wide) continent, moving from Seattle to Ithaca, NY, and we are at the tail end of our trip. We were trying to plan our night.. dinner for us and the kids, hotel, etc., and we found Pastina on Yelp. I am thrilled beyond measure that we did. We had a few epic meals many states ago, but for days now we've been challenged to find places where the food is made by people who actually give a damn! And, clearly, the folks at Pastina do. 

The kids shared a cheese pizza, and it was absolutely delicious. We all shared the arancini and they were sooooooo good. I had the Spring Pea Ravioli and ohmygawd it was totally fabulous. The veggies were cooked perfectly, and the house-made ravioli was unbelievable. My hubby had the Bolognese and he was super impressed, (and that's saying a lot because his sauce is totally delicious too). I wish we'd had dessert but just because I bet they're amazing too.. 

They went above and beyond for us (we ordered by phone an hour+ ahead of time while going 75 down i80!!), and as a former server and sister to a restaurateur, I know how rare that kind of attention is. 
We will certainly be back sometime and they've gained a customer for life.笑
Fresh, simple and well crafted. Great atmosphere and fantastic service. Will return soon!笑
Quality is there for sure portions are slightly small for the prices. The interior decor is superior and inviting. After three visits this past year i'd recommend this place. Lets just hope they even out the price to portion a little.笑
Went here again, again very nice, especially now that the outdoor patio is enclosed.  Super nice, was here for my grandpas 89th birthday.  The service was outstanding, and they even let us stick around after we had paid to allow for birthday cake and presents.  They went above and beyond to accommodate us, Example, they continued to provided plates, silverware, napkins, etc while we were eating cake that we had brought in.  This type of service is what keeps customers coming back.  

Only bad, and this is my own personal preference, is that I feel the prices are a little high for the area, but I can look pass that with all the positive amenities that come with going here

See you again soon!笑
I was drawn into the idea of "freshly made pasta".  Sadly it was overly doughy, the house sausage is way too dense and the sauce is lacking seasoning.  It's just okay.  If you want great Italian, go to Little Italy.笑
Food was ok. Same as Joey's, but $5.00 more. Watch your bank statements, everyone in my party was charged 3x on their debit card. Office personnel was not friendly about the situation. There was no apology, no mention of compensation, just "we know it happened, credit card company was suppose to fix". Really second thoughts if a second chance is worth it. Probably not.笑
Been here a few times and always have had great service. The food seems hit or miss... some things are really good and some are just ok. HITS: cavatelli, arancinni balls, pimento cheese hush puppies, and the bread with dipping sauce you get free with your meal. MISS: Alfredo - It literally just tasted like butter not sure  how they messed that up so bad.笑
This was our first time here.  Food was excellent, very fresh and flavorful.  We had the stuffed peppers as an appetizer, and had dinner salads.  The Pastina salad is very good, and I highly recommend, I just didn't care for the dressing that came with it...Italian dressing tasted much better with it.  The house salad was very good as well, had chicken breast added to it, very moist and tender.  The desserts were ok, nothing spectacular. Our server started out a little slow at first, but improved as the night went on. Overall food it very good, but pricey.笑
I love this place. Muddled grapes in their drinks, fresh herbs. The food is outstanding as well. No problems with wanting to modify meals too. The place looks beautiful as well. Nice patio. Can't go wrong here. Although I wouldn't recommend going during dinner rushes on fridays and saturdays. Waiting sucks, although the service is still great when they're busy. Nice servers and hostesses too.笑
Do NOT sit at the bar. Bartenders don't even acknowledge you. And everything takes twice as long. No one is friendly and my boyfriend asked to order food to go and the male bartender just walks away for ten minutes and ignored him. It's sad because the food is great. But I don't see that place going anywhere with how horrible the service is. They need a whole new staff.笑
Before I say anything else, let me say the staff and service were more than adequate, very friendly and quick.  That is unfortunately where any praise for this restaurant ends.  I order the linguine marinara with sausage and meatballs and a soprasata pizza, and I could not have been more disappointed with the food.  The pasta was over cooked, and the sauce was bland and almost non-existent, the meatballs were overly dense and under-seasoned.  In fact everything was just distinctly under-seasoned.  The sausage was decent, though that hardly made up for the rest of it. 

 As for the pizza, this is going to sound like a joke but it isn't, I fed a sizeable portion of it to my dog just so it wouldn't go to waste.  The crust was of an odd consistency, it had an almost pancake like spongie  quality that I found off-putting, and again the sauce was extremely bland.  The menu said it came with arugula, which is cool, I like arugula and it's something I'm familiar with on pizza from working in a high end Italian restaurant myself in the past.  I was expecting maybe a small dressed salad on top of a finished pizza, but what I got was a giant pile of plain greens that had been on the pizza when it when in the oven, therefore making the whole thing a soggy mess topped with nasty wilted mush.  

I did take it to go, so maybe that didn't help matters, but Italian food usually travels well, and I wasn't going very far.  I honestly don't think I'll give them a second chance, because if you can botch linguine marinara as an Italian restaurant, you probably don't belong to be in business.  I'm sorry to anyone who works there, but I gotta tell it like it is on this one.  I'm actually really disappointed, I had been anticipating a chance to try this place for months.笑
Pro:
Food was extremely good: flavor, presentation was nice.

Con:
Everything else.  
- Price
- Service was sloooooooow
- Hostess was snotty, like getting us a table was an inconvenience.  The gal who seated us was sweet though, she seemed nice
- Appetizers were tasty, but very small 
- Soup was great, but was only about a cup of it
- Portions were strange.  My entree portion was minimal, my friend's was huge.

I had the Rosemary shrimp.  Tasted wonderful.  But why leave the tails on the shrimp??  Do you think I want to pick the tails off, after the shrimp is coated with sauce?  Poor decision making there.  

Also, particularly for the price, I should have walked out and not still been hungry (plus they gave us a plate of bread and some tomato tasting sauce and we split two appetizers between three of us.)

I'll probably try it again, I really liked the food, but at the price point, I should not have to stop at McDonald's on the way home!笑
My wife and I had been watching this restaurant for quite a while.  It seemed to be consistently busy so we thought it would be a good place for a date night meal. We were so unpleasantly surprised.  The restaurant comes off as a high end restaurant with prices around $20/person.  

The service was OK.  My wife and I ordered different entrees so that we could sample two different items.  Both came with salads.  The salads arrived and we thought that given the pricing the service would be staged to that we could finish the salad before the entrees arrived.  It didn't happened that way.  We only finished half the salad.

My wife's entrée was acceptable.  Not great but OK.  Certainly not worth the price.  My entrée, ravioli, was NOT acceptable in any respect.  It arrived cold.  The ravioli was undercooked and the tomato sauce tasted like it came from a can.

Overall, this meal was VERY disappointing.  Had we been at a family diner and paid $5/person this might have been OK.  But not here.  The manager did agree to not charge us for my meal.

It is not likely that we will go back to this restaurant or any of the other restaurants of this owner.笑
Been there a few times and this past Saturday we were there for a Birthday party.  The place was packed and they handled everything perfectly. Service was above average and all the food came out as expected.  

I think and have heard from others that Pastina wants to be a little more upscale than it is.  Food is a always good but not exceptional. It serves the community well.  To be upscale they need to serve less people (thus the noise level would go down),  better wine list, more polish on the servers and upscale the individual rooms they have.笑
Drove past the restaurant and decided to try it out. Excellent food and service. The calamari is great. Love the spicy sauce and Wasabi mayo. The marinara sauce and bread is so good. We bought a pint of it when our waiter said they sell it to customers. Pasta bolognese is so good. Very good restaurant. Like the farm to table and local product concept. The pasta is worth the money for fresh made pasta. We will be back for more.笑
First off I'd like to say, the decor, BEAUTIFUL. Every detail into the design was wonderful. But I was there to eat. I ordered the shrimp scampi. A little pricy but it's "authentic" right? It didn't come with salad which was a little odd. And 3$ to add one on? Whatever. The bread, we got 4 pieces with marinara? No butter? Whatever. When I got my meal I was expecting large portions because of the price. No. I got a very normal sized meal with only 4 pieces of shrimp. 4?? Overall it was good just not what I expected. Nevertheless a lot of people love eating here I just had my expectations to high.笑
The food is fresh and hot. The service outstanding. 
I would recommend this to all my friends.  They make the pasta fresh at the time you order. You will like the appearance of the resturant. Enjoy笑
Don't let the retail strip location detour you. We have had the best service in the city here time and again. Talk about a staff that values knowing every aspect of the dining experience; from the local farms where the produce is sourced to how each cocktail is crafted. 5 huge stars great service, amazing food that is local and homemade. We are hooked笑
Visited this establishment many times. I love the casual comfortable upscale ambiance here on the bar/ enclosed patio side. Sat at the bar tonight. The dining room side is more family oriented and less pleasant aesthetically. There are ample televisions and friendly attentive service at the bar. It is Saturday and there's a guy singing live at a pleasant volume. We were able to walk right in and get a seat at the bar, but during our entire visit, the place was about 95% full. 

There are 12 craft beers on tap and an ample by the glass wine list and cocktail menu. They have a full bar. 

The food has always been good, but I feel a little over priced for what you are getting. I LOVE the bread and dipping sauce they give with their dinners. Tonight we ordered the parm frittes and pastina pizza. While the fries were tasty, they were not $7 fries. The flavored mayo and ketchup should have started with a homemade base at that price. I'm not sure that the parm was fresh either. The pizza was flavorful. They have improved on this since opening here. 

I frequent this place and will be back. While you can get your typical heavy Italian type sauced and heavy cheese meals, they also offer lighter Italian fare. I appreciate that.笑
Love the atmosphere inside. I tried the butchers cut of the day which was pork and was very underwhelmed. Pork was tough and pretty flavorless.  I will be back and want to try a pasta dish. Service started attentive and kind of slowed toward the end of the meal...笑
Homemade pasta! Wine! Bread! I'm good!

 My only problem was we called for a reservation and specifically asked for a table not near the bar... We got seated at those tables. I lost my husband to watching football on our anniversary. I asked for another table and the hostess told me it would be a 2 hour wait.笑
Amazing food!  Amazing service!  We stopped here while visiting from out of town.  My daughter wants to visit Mentor again just for this restaurant.  Highly recommend the house red wine, the butternut squash ravioli, the Alfredo and the pistachio cake.笑
Pastina, you are my monthly standing date night with my girl Kellie and I love you but you add hours to my workout time. Well worth it. We start with a nice glass of red recommended from the bartender followed up by the bread and dipping sauce. The apps are delicious and we are pizza/pasta/salad girls. We have had exceptional service, food and people watching on every occasion. 

Regarding the annoyance re: take out - I did reach out regarding catering a party at my house. I was told the same thing. This is their policy. If you don't want to wait, make this your go-to for a sit down dinner or order your take out at the bar and relax with a glass of wine for 20 minutes. Well worth the wait.笑
Little disappointed. Food was alright, service was horrible. We had to ask for bread multiple times. Our waitress never brought us a refill on water.

Edited star rating after chef responded to my first experience. I hope these guys stick around.笑
GREAT Italian food from real Italians! I want to congratulate the Longo Family for another great restaurant. The food here is authentic. I come from an Italian family and the homemade pasta and bolognese sauce is perfect. This place is one of the best in the county.笑
Great to see a Mentor get some good non chain restaurants. The food was great, and good drink menu. Staff was super friendly as well.笑
My husband and I wanted a nice dinner and had not been to Pastina since they first opened.  We were some what disappointed in the experience.  The waitress we had was not very caring that we were there.  She took a long time just to drop off our waters.  We understand that restaurants get busy but it was a little ridiculous on the amount of time she took.  
We each ordered an alcoholic beverage and not once did she ask if we wanted another one.  The only time she checked on us was right when the food was dropped off and that was it.  As for the food, we both got pasta dishes and for both of us the food was too salty.  I drank almost three glasses of water because of it.  Over all the experience was not what we expected for all the hype about the restaurant.  Not sure if we will go back.笑
I haven't been back since my last review, but I'm updating to reflect that one of the business managers at Pastina contacted me on yelp to let me know he has changed the wing recipe. I've not had them yet, so I can't say if they are better, but that he considered my comments constructively bodes well for this place. 

One of my other complaints was about an (apparent) supervisor or manager was rude, and while that wasn't addressed, the action's and words of the manager who messaged me tells me she was an exception to the rule (or maybe having a bad day). It soured me down to giving one star, which probably wasn't fair.

While there were some other issues I had (see my previous review), I've added a star back to my rating to reflect what I consider to be improvements. While I never intended on returning, I'm going to give this place one more shot in the near future and will update my review again.笑
I held a 60th surprise birthday party for my wife over Memorial weekend.  Over 60 people attended.  The staff went out of their way to take care of us.  They were fabulous.  We were on the patio and were served a wide variety of appetizers, ranging form pizza's to salmon chips.  The food was outstanding. Everyone who attended the party raved about it.  The manager went out of his way to help and insure the event went off without a hitch.  I have to save it perfect!笑
Very nice place and atmosphere. Great sausage and peppers. Very good wine selection you can't go wrong.笑
The food is very good, this review is based solely on my last take-out experience. They really don't seem to want people ordering take out. First, they don't accept to go phone orders. Seriously. The excuse I was given was the fresh pasta doesn't travel well. She said, "What if you came to pick it up like 90 minutes late? It wouldn't be any good." If I came 90 min.late, that's my own fault, and what if I don't order pasta? Does the same hold true for pizza and salad? So, I walked up to a counter which looks ideal for picking up orders, and was directed to the hostess station, then directed to the bar. After finally getting the bartenders attention away from her conversation with another employee, I finally placed my order. It couldn't be more of a pain in the a_s. Luckily there was room to sit at the bar, or I would have had to stand there, instead of arriving when the food was ready and picking it up in the front, like every other restaurant in the world does for the convenience of it's customers. Even in Little Italy where they've been serving fresh pasta for decades. It's too bad b/c I'd like to order from here more often, but not any more.笑
Great meal. I had the mushroom pizza. Others had the salmon. All three of us judged the meal to be very good. This was our first time here: plan on stopping back.笑
We lived in Mentor until 5 months ago & always saw the busy parking lot....back in the area for Thanksgiving, we thought we would meet some old friends and enjoy some good, authentic, made from scratch Italian food...well, all 4 of us had different entrees, but all had the same comments...good sauces, meager protein, overpriced entrees with a mass of gummy pasta.  My shrimp entree had 6 medium sized shrimp on a lump of pasta- at $20+, an overpriced menu item.

Dinner was preceded with cold slices of commercial bread with some runny marinara sauce....next time, we will head to a favorite in Highland Heights or Little Italy and take a pass here...service was good, though.

With the quality of the food and the menu prices, I can see why there were many empty tables.笑
Pleasantly surprised by this place. 
My family of 5 decided to visit on Mother's Day. At first they told us that we would have to wait over an hour. But then they called and said there was a  cancellation and they could seat us right away. 
We ordered 3 kids meals of chicken parm. And 2 bowls of the chicken and broccoli fettuccine. 
Every thing was so yummy. And I love that most of their ingredients come from Ohio! 
Only complaint is that they don't offer bread with your meal. But I've seen other reviews that said they loved the bread so maybe we just didn't get any because it was a holiday and they were busy? 
The service was excellent as well. Our server was very friendly and he took the time to talk to our children which I appreciated. 
We will definitely return.笑
Fantastic food, wine and beer. A little more pricey than was expecting but I thought it was worth it. Had the cheese ravioli and the sauce was very tasty. Also had a fried cheese appetizer which was amazing. They give you bread with this yummy sauce for dipping it was also so good! Going back this weekend!笑
I came in on a Sunday evening about 6:30 with a friend. We were sat right away. Friendly staff, nice new decor. I didn't realize how big the place was. 

The bread that comes to the table is so good! Nice and light.

I ordered the pastina pizza. It was so good! The sausage was awesome. 

I can't wait to come back and check out the patio!笑
The food was discusting!  My chicken piccata was sitting in a gross bowl of water and was completely flavorless!  My husband had pasta, and the sauce is gross, acidic, and tastes like jar sauce! The best thing there was the steak a friend of ours got! It's an Italian restaurant!  The Italian food should be amazing, but we'll NEVER GO BACK! Very disappointing!  The only good thing was our server! She was great!笑
Been here a few times now, for obvious reasons. Pizza is great as well as the homemade pastas. The dipping sauce with the bread is out of this world. I highly recommend a stop here.笑
I have eaten at Pastina's 3 times since they opened in Mentor. The decor is pleasing, classy and welcoming.  The drinks are fresh, unique and very good. (try the Urban Meyer or Winter White Cosmo) We have eaten the pork shank (that was so tender it fell off the bone), The homemade pasta w/rosemary and shrimp (very good) and the cavatelli was a good size serving, we have also enjoyed the calamari, fresh mozzarella and different brick oven pizzas (homemade sausage made it flavorful).  Everything is impressive, homemade and delicious. The freshly baked Focaccia Bread is wonderful when dipped in the olive oil/marinara/pepper dip.  Their chicken is organic and from some local farm, my husband thought is was the best tasting chicken he has ever had on his caesar salad.  You can tell a lot of thought and hard work went into the menu and presentation.  Every server we have had, is knowledgeable on the menu and attentive to our table.  It's great to have a NON chain restaurant in Mentor that offers a wide menu, if you want dinner, apps, salad, panini or pizza.  The patio looks like it will be a fun place when the weather warms up.  The owners are hands on and visit your dining table to make sure you are happy with your food choices.  The bar is active and we saw many people we knew, so that always makes it a fun stop. Of course we will be back!笑
My dining experience was wonderful and I was so impressed and can't wait to go back. We had to wait a little bit, but that was expected since it was prime dinner time. Our server was prompt & pleasant. She described in detail the specials and answered any questions we had. Everything came out quick and was delicious.  The Salmon Chips appetizer and Calamari were very good! I definitely recommend them. They also aren't too filling so you have room for your entree. Pastina was an overall positive experience and I have been raving about it ever since. 

Ignore the negative reviews. This restaurant is on par with popular restaurants in big cities. Unfortunately, not all of narrow-minded NE Ohio can appreciate that. If you want frozen breadsticks & chx parm, go to Olive Garden. Most of Mentor is used to chain restaurant food, so palates aren't developed. Pastina is trying to do something different and Mentor definitely needs different! The menu offers classic & contemporary dishes to choose from. Flavors are full & fresh & new!  I am really looking forward to seeing what this restaurant does with food in the future. Keep up the good work Pastina!笑
The complimentary bread is really good. The waitress was friendly, thoughtful yet quick. We all ordered the linguini with meatballs. The salad was good but there was definitely a lot of pizza cheese on it, had I realized it would be 1/2 cup of pizza cheese I would have skipped the cheese. The Italian dressing was good, a slightly better version of Olive Garden dressing. The linguini was excellent, perfect texture, slightly sticky in a spot or two but hands down fresh pasta. The sauce was a okay a little heavy on the tomato flavor for me but over all very good. The flavor of the meatball was pretty good, it seemed over mixed and very heavy. The restroom was clean and for some reason the auto faucets were the perfect temperature.笑
Decided to swing by PRI after hearing several rave reviews from the members of my book club, and let me just say that I'll have NO RESERVATIONS... about coming back! Nestled in the corner of a nondescript strip mall, this brilliant dining establishment comes out of the gate exceeding your expectations; it's far more elegant, spacious and stylish than its modestly-appointed storefront leads on. The decor doesn't venture into the ostentatious, but rather remains perfectly inviting throughout (as does the staff!).

Their broad tap selection includes a rotating cast of established beers as well as a diverse selection of crafts. I opted, as I often do, for a local IPA that was busy in hops, never venturing towards precocious. Success! Now on to the grub...

The smoked salmon chips immediately jumped out at me; fortunately, I caught them squarely in my platform, avoiding a potential mess. One by one, they danced a perfectly orchestrated, exotic tango along my palate before venturing south and securing a gentle but firm perch on my duodenom. The flavors that then drifted "upstream"... in the same manner that these little guys did in their previous life... were delightfully gregarious.

My date opted for the Rhode Island calamari to start... and lemme just say, I challenge you to find a finer quality presentation of fried calamari in ANY venue that meets the more traditional definition of "island."

*Full disclosure, I'm allergic to shellfish and didn't indulge, but this plate was apparently so good that the b*tch probably wouldn't have shared with me anyway. But I digress... that's a story for another forum.

Following the generous appetizer portions, we opted to share the smashed meatball pizza as our main course... and YES, and YES, and YES. Is anyone in town making better pizza??

Come see for yourself.笑
I have wanted to try  this restaurant for some time.  I was encouraged as the parking lot was full on a Thursday night and a number of people were waiting for tables.  I decided to sit at the bar, which was also busy.  Nonetheless, I was greeted quickly and got a glass of the house Chianti.  The staff I met were friendly and helpful.

The atmosphere was very nice, lots of people  and a beautiful bar.  It was a thick slice of a large tree that was irregular and obviously custom made for the restaurant.  I did not have a chance to see the main dining room.  The outdoor patio looked nice, with what would be typical outdoor furniture.  It is covered  and even though it was raining people were comfortable  eating there, it was  almost full.

I ordered the house bolognese with papardelle. Which is the appropriate pasta for this type of sauce.  This was not a classic bolognese since it was made with ground meet instead of braised beef, but it tasted very.  The pasta was cooked AL dented. The only complaint I had was that some of the pasta was clamped together as it was  not stirred during cooking.

The pasta came with a side salad and cost $17, the check came to $25, a little  expensive for a strip mall restaurant, but the quality made it a reasonable clue.

This restaurant is a nice addition to the city and especially this part of town.笑
My first trip to Pastina was average. The waiter did not seem very interested in our table, and it was a bit drafty in the area we were sitting. The live music was a nice feature often forgotten these days. Our food came out in a timely fashion and the complimentary bread was good. The food was a little expensive for what we were given, the chicken was tasty but the Alfredo sauce was bland and the pasta itself was a little overdone. Pastina was okay, but nothing special.笑
Decided to enjoy a "new" local spot, which we have dined at previously.  Again, the standards have been met!

7:30 on a Friday night with a packed house, our wait was just under half hour! HINT: Call ahead really helps.  Our party of four was seated at a booth in the bar. Since the booth easily seats 6, we had spacious room to drink, chat, eat and eat some more.

The plates were fantastic and the tastes were wonderful. Did have problem with one dinner order.  Salad and another side were ordered as a meal and for whatever reason, the salad was late to the table. Without any request by my wife, the server deeply apologize for the delay and comp'ted the salad! Great move by the house.

Finished off our collective meals with the bad pudding.  Please note: This dish was enough to share for our party of four! Not going to say much more than, "Don't be a fool! Save room and order this heavenly dessert!笑
My wife and I stopped in on a busy Saturday night last week to give Pastina another shot.  

Sitting at the bar we noticed immediately that the bartenders weren't wearing those awful ear pieces! Not sure if it's a new policy or if it was a fluke but we were happy to see it and felt that we recieved  better service than we ever have. Both bartenders were wonderful!

We had the arancini appetizer, my wife had the split pea ravioli, and I had the ricotta cavatelli and sausage. It was all delicious and well prepared!  I asked the bartender to relay to the kitchen how well they did!

My update only raised my rating by a star for a few reasons. We've had three bad experiences in a row, and  this is the first time it's been good, we were there on a busy night when we've only gone through the week before (maybe they just have the A team working on weekends), and maybe the ear pieces being gone is also a weekend thing.  They have absolutely earned another visit, and I will again update my review afterward.笑
Brilliant!! Imagine, an Italian restaurant that makes its own noodles. Now, I might not be as kitchen-savvy to prepare my own pasta from scratch but I definitely applaud it when I taste it. Ladies and gentlemen, this is the real deal. I ordered the chicken parm. Very fresh tasting, nice and crispy on the outside, wicked juicy on the inside. But, the sauce? With the freshly chopped basil, are you kidding me?  Took my taste buds back Oratino, where I visited extended family over 20 years ago. It is near spot on. Beautiful, laid back atmosphere. The servers are professional but not uppity. The way it should be. After all, the food speaks for itself.