Kyoto sushi did a home catering at a party I attended and I must say it was pretty awesome. Everything was fresh and delicious.笑
Graffitti on the walls and it seems to be accumulating, staff that is inattentive at best and rude at worst. Continually recieved food we did not order. Server stuck her thumb in all the soups. Food got extremely sloppy when closing time neared to the point of being inedible.

Do not go. Ever.笑
Came here with a friend for the lunch AYCE menu on Friday afternoon. It was a pretty small restaurant and packed, but the inside is nicely decorated. A downside is the size of the restaurant, as we sat between two tables that were very close together which did not give us much privacy. 

I found the sushi to be quite good and fresh, however, the rolls tend to fall apart, as the rice was harder and "grainier" than other restaurants. I also found the AYCE lunch menu to be more limited than other AYCE establishments I've been to. The portions of the sushi were also slightly larger than other places, which filled us up quicker. 

The service here is also lacking (not sure if this is the usual, since it was packed when we came). Food took a while to come out, some orders did not arrive, and the waitresses were scrambling around every table, confused on which table ordered what. We also had to ask for a bottle of soy sauce (was not on our table) and a fork twice before a waitress arrived with the items.

Overall, I found the food to be good, but there are many better AYCE sushi establishments in the area.笑
This place is growing on me, but there are many things that bother me. The service is absolutely horrendous and their soy-sauce isn't the greatest, but this place is improving in terms of quality.

They do have great tasting sushi/rolls, and their menu is quite large - which is great.  I do go here from time to time as my friend lives close and chooses to go here, but by all means, I would not go out of my way to come here.  
Still ordering off papers as opposed to iPads like most sushi places are now.

I think what frustrates me the most is that when I want 10 salmon.. I want 10.  Not 5 - not 8 - not 7... I want 10.  And I ordered 10 for a reason... so I'm not sure why they don't bring you what you ordered - especially when it's not an absurd request.  And every single time I go, there is always at least one item (whether a roll/salad) that just never comes. No matter how many times you re-order it.  Not sure if there is a misunderstanding, or they don't have that item in stock - but there's no communication about it.  

All in all, I'd recommend going here to give it a shot. Price is very good -- $22 including tax for AYCE dinner on a Friday night. So its a great value, but you may not get everything you ordered... but when the food is good, you might be able to overlook it.笑
This is by far the best value you can get in the GTA. It's not the best sushi I've had, but it's really decent while being incredibly cheap. The AYCE lunch is insane at like 12 bucks taxes in, especially since the hand rolls are included.笑
I've eaten here since their grand opening a few years back, usually getting take-out nowadays and occasionally sitting-in. This place is as good as it gets for AYCE sushi in this area (sorry not sorry Masa sushi/Ginza). Reasonable prices (where else are you going to get fresh sushi at $3/roll?), fast service and yummy food. Sometimes they skimp on eel but that's okay - just order more.

People complaining about the service obviously don't know what to expect when eating an Asian restaurant. Service is brisk, there's generally no up-selling and patrons shouldn't be expected to linger long after your meal. Eat and get out (not saying I ever felt rushed because I didn't). My measure of good service in an Asian restaurant is how quickly I'm acknowledged, take my order & bring my food. If you're looking for the waiter to ask how your day is going - you're in the wrong place lol. It can get pretty packed here during lunch/weekends so be prepared to wait! 

Recommend: try the chicken yaki (fried udon noodles) and dynamite roll!笑
One star in terms of service. I would even assign no star if that's possible. If not for their food, I would never come back to this place. Their service is horrible! They don't care, seemed rush and doesn't acknowledge you even when you wave your hand to their face. You're best bet is to order take-out. Worst service ever!笑
We decided to drop by one day after work as me and my colleague were craving some sushi - or rather, LOTS of sushi - and opted for their AYCE dinner. Around $20, which is great as other AYCE usually charge well over $25 for their dinners. You'd think that because their price is low, the quality of the food would be too. Yet nope! You'd be wrong. One word - yum! Oh my god, the food! The food was delicious and came out quickly, and you could tell it was fresh! I think we nearly had 20 plates, if not more! The fried scallops were divine, and the green tea ice-cream is a must have here. 

While unlike other AYCE, Kyoto does not (yet) have iPad ordering, their traditional method of check marking your order on a piece of paper and handing it to your server was very humbling in this age of electronics. I'll be honest, the seating is not much, but even so, the atmosphere is familial and tight knit without being claustrophobic and too close. I disagree with the previous reviews about poor customer service; our server was lovely despite there being an obvious language barrier between us which is no problem for me as we were there for the food  - which certainly met, if not exceeded, our expectations and that makes it worth it. Would recommend to anyone and everyone looking for an AYCE after a long day of shopping at the local mall.笑
I order here almost weekly since it has opened for take out. Sat in to eat once. 

All experiences, can't complain. Sushi is always good. Stir fried udon is good as well.

My go to sushi place is this neighbourhood. Keep it up笑
Honestly. My boyfriend and I always try new sushi places. And by far this beats everything. And the price is actually rly good. I went there last night and I was so full the meat was actually delicious and so tender and juicy oh my. It was amazing. I don't live near here but I'm sure gona travel the 25 mins just to come here that's how freaken good it is. I love it笑
The food is really good. It arrives quickly and tastes great. Much better quality than most sushi places in Vaughan.

However, the venue and the service leaves much to be desired. The place has been open for a year or so and it already looks run down. There is graffiti on the walls. The service is barely noticeable. I understand if they are busy but during a weekend you shouldn't have one or two servers when the entire place is full. The servers are not attentive, rude and forget orders multiple times. 

During the week when its not busy is the optimal time to eat here. You'll get good service and all the food you ordered. During the weekend, not so much. This is funny because in another review for a different restaurant, I recommended Kyoto, but they've really let it slide.笑
I always go to this place for take out orders because they close at 11:00. The food is good but not wow!! Sometime we go for dine in, but I have to say that the service isn't that good and the servers had no attention to details and service etiquette. So no more dine in.

My advise order take out the food is good.笑
I love kyoto.
Food is amazing.
Spicy crab roll with a side of spicy mayo is my fave.
When it's busy, they're bound to mess up, thats ok. They always bring it out when you ask.
Drink glasses are old and dirty.
I use to skip class just to make it for lunch..笑
The food was amazing! I've been here a few times with my best friend and everytime we come it's always for the lunch AYCE. They don't always provide good services. Last time which was only 2 weeks ago the service was not the best:( I ordered 4 shrimps sushi but it didn't come and the food was served 45 mins after we order.笑
Kyoto is one of the many all you can eat Japanese Restaurants in Woodbridge. It's prices are definitely better than its competitors in the area and the staples are decent.

One of my favourite appetizers is the soft shell crab. And seeing as we went for lunch, we decided to order off their à la carte menu to see if there was a difference in quality. There is definitely more selection. E.g. the AYCE does not include sashimi, nor my soft shell crab.

We decided to order the soft shell crab, the spider roll, and the hibachi chicken which are not on the AYCE menu. Then we added some items which were. These we mainly rolls: spicy salmon, black dragon, and dynamite roll. We also added Shrimp tempura to see if there were any differences between à la carte and AYCE. There were none.

Bottom line, if you plan on ordering any type of combo box, bento box, or set dinner, go for the AYCE, it'll be a better value in the sense that you can have more variety. If you're into specific dishes and those are not on the AYCE menu, you'll need to find a more expensive place that will have those items on the menu (e.g. beef tataki, sashimi, etc.). Lastly, if you plan on AYCE, try to go with a group of 6 as you can't order many items by the piece. The larger group will allow you more variety if everyone has some of each dish.

I give Kyoto 3 stars because of the super competitive pricing. The food is nothing spectacular, and the AYCE menu is limited (at least to the items I enjoy); furthermore the inability to order items by the piece punishes small groups and those who wish to try new items (the menu states that wasted food will be charged full price, but ive never heard of this being reinforced). I've included the menu in my pics, see if the AYCE suits you and decide for yourself.笑
I had a large order as I was entertaining some guests and they go the extra mile to do a wonderful job in the presentation and they included some extra items no charge. It pays that they remember the frequent customers.笑
I'm from Seattle where "All You Can Eat" sushi isn't a thing, so coming here got the inner fat girl in me super excited!

I was warned beforehand that the service wasn't that great and I would say that was somewhat true. They don't really speak to you; just throw your food down and move on. The friendliness part of the service is non-existent but at least they're quick at getting the food out to you.

I'll admit, I'm a bit of an American snob and believe American food is a whole lot better than Canadian food. However, the sushi did not disappoint! It was extremely fresh and well made. Definitely a place I'd come back to.笑
Amazing price, Amazing food, All you can eat, and not that expensive if you decide to take out, Food quality is good, and their service is usually fast. Only thing they could improve on would maybe the they're decorations inside the restaurant.笑
We were a group of 8 and we got there by 11:30 a.m.  We were the 2nd group there but the largest group at the time.  It still took a while to get our food.  It took close to 5 mins to get our appetizers.  One person ordered a couple of hand rolls and it took close to 25 mins to get them.  Sometimes we got sushi that we didn't even order.  
I would highly recommend the shrimp tempura, crispy mayo crab, and the mango ice cream.笑
Have been back a couple times since. The food is still good. The prices went up slightly. But overall the big change is in the service. 

No one expects a sushi place to have good service but to have service that ruins your dinner? That's unacceptable. We had 3 servers help us over the course of the night, one kept forgetting to bring the things we asked her for, such as water and napkins and soy sauce (seriously they forgot soy sauce at a sushi place?!) another was so rude I couldn't believe it. And then the third was yelled at by a family at another table for sneezing in their food and walking away, and then they sent her our way!!! No thanks I don't want your sneeze near me. 

After we paid and left we yelled back, "thanks for being rude." Now I really won't go back.笑
by far the worse sushi ive had. sushi was falling apart before eating it. service was horrible! they were rude. never coming back here and dont recommend it.笑
I'm giving them a 4.5.
I'm taking half a star off because the rolls didn't stay together that well.
That being said, the sushi was delicious.
So far I like this one the best in terms of taste for my sushi lunches in Vaughan.
I can tell a lot of other people do as the place was packed!
It's a bit small but we were seated very quickly after we arrived.
There were three of us and I was sitting beside a fish tank. Awks but whatever. 
The food took a little while to come out at first so it's best to order as soon as you get in there.
I really enjoyed the spicy salmon and the few other spicy rolls we had.

The ice cream was good but small. Order two!
I will definitely be visiting this place again!
10 % their all you can eat menu for being rated #1 sushi in Vaughan (in 2012 I think).
My lunch with tax came up to $13.33. I was happy with that!笑
Love, love, LOVE this place.
Been living in the city for 2 years and I still come back to this place whenever I want excellent, fresh tasting sushi for a great price. Been a lover of sushi since I can remember and no AYCE sushi joint even compares to Kyoto. Service isn't the greatest but the food comes out quick and never fails to impress. Great quality (and incredibly inexpensive) take out too. Good luck getting a table anytime after 6pm - the place is always jam packed for dinner, for good reason. Not a doubt in my mind, you gotta eat here!笑
Of all the AYCE sushi places I've been to, this place has to be on the bottom of my list. The service was not the worst, but also not the greatest - as expected for AYCE.

The main reason I'm giving this place only 1 star is because the food they served us was not as fresh as they could be.

All of the deep fried items seemed to have been pre-fried, and left until someone ordered. It was disgusting, to eat tempura.

The rice was cold and hard, causing most of the rolls to not only taste weird but also fall apart.

With the combination of my two complaints, the yam tempura roll came out really bad. I don't think I am asking for too much but I expected the yam tempura to be freshly fried before being put into my roll.

Near the end, I finally got my deep fried scallop order, and to my surprise, this is the ONLY thing that came freshly fried - and it was nearly burnt!!

With that, I conclude that for the most popularly ordered tempura/deep fried items, they pre-fry it and leave it until someone orders it. I understand they want to provide speedy service, but it is unacceptable to sacrifice the quality of the food to achieve it.笑
Excellent sushi, best price in the area. What I like about this place is the competitive price and the fact that I've been there 3 times since the grand opening in Jan 2012, and they keep getting better everytime. If they continue on this track, they'll really be on top of the game in the area. Changed my rating to a five star after the most recent visit.笑
If you're looking for AYCE sushi, do yourself a favour and drive a little east to Hockey Sushi. The food is very mediocre at Kyoto, the service is terrible and the ambiance feels like a diner. We came here on someone's recommendation, but I realize now they probably don't get out much. 

We definitely won't be back. Save your money.笑
Sushi here is good, except they never seem have the spider roll (soft shell crab) whenever I go which is crucial for me. The service sometimes hasn't been the best, with servers being rude. But it's not a big deal, other than that I enjoy eating here.笑
Good sushi, horrible customer service. Ordered $70 worth of sushi and didn't even receive it all. When I called back the employee was rude and hung up on us. I've had better.笑
Made a reservation for a large party, and after arriving 5 minutes late, they had informed us that they gave our reservation away! The manager said they couldn't wait for us! They care more about $$$ than customer satisfaction! We've been here before and the sushi is ok for the price, but you could probably get something similar elsewhere.笑
I've ordered for pick up on their discount menu multiple times now and this is by far the best value sushi restaurant I've eaten at.  The quality of food is quite high.  It sits comfortably above typcial sushi buffets and slightly below the authentic japanese sushi restaurants (although those are hard to find in this area).  The variety is also fantastic.  What gives this restaurant a high value rating is the fact that the prices are also quite low relative to what they are serving. 

I haven't ordered the all you can eat so cannot confirm if they serve a different grade of fish for that meal option like some restaurants do.  A simple comparison method between salmon sashimi that I usually do is to compare their salmon sashimi.
A la carte salmon sashimi will be firm, dry, room temperature, and 'crisp' to the bite, while buffet style is usally wet, cold, and a bit mushier to bite into.笑
Best ever quality for GREAT prices!! Try the menu with discounted prices instead of " all you can eat " better variety and higher quality sushi!! I would definitely recommend!!笑
I'm so glad that this place was recommended to me. The price point for the sushi is more than fair for the quality of the rolls that you are receiving. Each time I visit this restaurant I leave about five pounds heavier than when I arrived because I can't help but pig out lol. It is hands down one of my favourite sushi spots in Vaughan!笑
The place is packed on Fridays.   Very small for the crowd it gets so it's very noisy and little kids are easily distracted.  It's really a sushi making factory pumping out lots of food quickly and tables turn over relatively quick.  Not a first-date place and not a relaxing place on a Friday.  Dine-pay-leave. The food is very good.  Try the salmon, avocado and strawberry roll - delicious.笑
Best Price for sushi I've seen in a while. This is our go to sushi joint. Only problem is the seating time after 6pm SO LONG.笑
By far the best quality sushi I have had in Vaughan!! The prices are extremely reasonable and cheaper than most other places that do not compare in quality. In my opinion the decor and service do have room for improvement but the sushi itself is absolutely delicious.笑
Over the years, the quality of Kyoto's food started to waver. It is definitely more fresh than Masa, the sushi restaurant at the plaza across. However, I wouldn't say Kyoto is the best sushi place in Woodbridge anymore. I used to love coming here all the time. Great price, and decent service. I only do take-out now. They are pretty fast, and their prices are competitive. Sometimes the rolls are really small, and the rice breaks very easily, but the sushi itself tastes pretty good for its price.

Should you decide to dine in at any day of the week, you are supplied a sheet to write your orders on and wooden chopsticks. I recommend the seaweed salad as a starter, ans teriyaki salmon for an appetizer. It's hard to get a waiter to notice you sometimes....I only know one of them is friendly. The rest started to become a bit desensitized from years of working here, I suppose. When you finish your meal, its still hard to get a waiter's  attention unless the place is 1/3 full, or less. Ironically, if you finish your meal and start chatting, you are given your bill without asking for it. I'm not insulted by this practice, but I know there are a few who are. 

I would still return for the factors of efficiency and cost.笑
We were there for dinner last night. My hubby had been here with his friends a few months ago and was wanting me to try it because he really liked the place. 
We were seated promptly as they weren't overly busy. Water was brought and menus were left at our table. We got our sheet marked and then waited 10 minutes for someone to pick up our sheet. The first platter came out with all the rolls just stacked on it. No presentation and a very horrible roll job. The rice and fish didn't taste as fresh either. My husband swear that this is not the quality he had received before. So the quality was just not there and we were really disappointed as we had driven from Mississauga. Now the service other than the prompt seating nothing else is worth talking about. The servers kept throwing the dishes at our table. We found that very rude. They wouldn't excuse to reach out to fill water and the one time she had a small spill on the table which caused a few drops to fall on our rolls as she wasn't looking while pouring. 
We will definitely not be going back here again.笑
The rice is very plain and tasteless. I don't think they season it at all.
Everything they have is just meh.
I am a frequent AYCE sushi eater and visit 7-8 of Woodbridge's sushi places (except I haven't been the mushroom place on 7/pine valley), and this is the least favorite one of all.笑
I have been here many times and the sushi always impress me, from freshness of the avocado to the quick service. The price lunch time is great. Will be coming much more to get my sushi fix!笑
Not my favourite place for lunch sushi visits.

The service was awful - we asked our server three times for our drinks. There wasn't much of a veggie selection either which threw a wrench in the gears for my gluten free friend. They would not make an exception or alteration to the menu so she asked for a la carte instead which they did not take well what so ever.

The kitchen items were duplicated and at one point we had to ask the staff to stop bringing things out as they were already received (and eaten!) The food we ordered tasted alright, nothing to complain about there. The menu is a bit misleading though, for example: the spicy crunchy salmon description says green onions and is served without. I am not a fan of the green onions so I was happy but others who do like it may end up disappointed. Kyoto also uses so much rice in their sushi! 3/4 of us had plates full of rice but thankfully we were not charged or harassed about this.

They do have high ceilings so be warned, it can get very, very loud during peak hours.

I likely won't return only because there are other great sushi spots near by that are 5/5 in my books.笑
This is one of those great places to eat for cheap. They serve quality food at low prices and is also open quite late which is awesome. I highly recommend this place as they often give free rolls when you order take out.笑
Great food.  We usually do take out and we always end up with a surprise roll as an extra.  The extra service attention is great.  Best sushi place in the area笑
I've been to Kyoto several times, and its one of the best places in Vaughan to grab high quality sushi at a more than reasonable price. It's a very popular restaurant in Vaughan that has always been packed to the brim with people when I've sat to eat. 

The seating is slightly cramped. There's a lot of ambient conversations in the air, but not so much so that you can't carry on your own conversation. The servers are plentiful, and are quick with service. 

I have always had a high quality of fish when I've dined here. Recently, I would say that the sushi rollers are being put to work with all the customers, so on my last two occasions in dining here, my sushi has been rolled loose; however, having said that, the meal is always fantastic. 

All in all, great sushi in Vaughan that I will continue to frequent. Enjoy!笑
I go here almost every week because it's affordable and satisfies my sushi cravings every time. The food comes out super quick and the quality is quite comparable to other  expensive AYCE places. Without ordering a drink my bill is under $16 for lunch. The crispy crab, pink lady (only available at dinner) and 007 roll are my favourites.笑
Disappointed by the quality control and customer service there. First time there yesterday and wanted to order a la  carte instead of the AYCE. We ordered a spicy sushi tuna roll, and as I finished a piece, I noticed a sharp, hard thing  left in my mouth. I pulled  it out trying to figure out what it was. I flagged the server and she told me "it's just the scale from the tuna" and walked  away. I was speechless

1) why was hard, sharp fish scale in my food?
2) why was there a lack of an apology? Or give us a replacement  dish?

Needless to say, I would not go back. Very disappointed.笑
I've been to this place twice. First time I left thinking it was alright of a place. Not the best, but it wasn't the worst either. After my second visit, I've drawn the conclusion that this place is RIDCULOUS and will never ever be coming back. 

Food was EH... and service was SHIT.

Food wise, they always cheap out on food. We ordered 50 salmon sashimi pieces, they gave us 30. We ordered 30 red snapper sashimi pieces, they gave us 20. So on, and so fourth. Everything they gave us was way less than what we ordered. 

Service was super slow as well, and the workers lacked manners.笑
Very very very disorganized for pick up orders. The kitchen can't keep up with orders but they keep taking orders. The food isn't worth the wait.笑
Poor customer service, the lady at the front desk was probably having a bad day but she didn't have to be so rude to her customers. Ordered 5 rolls, and asked for 3 sauce. They never charged me before, but the lady didn't like us and started arguing with us over 1 sauce for .50 cents. Her name was Lily.

update:

Previously gave them 4 stars.笑
One of the worst sushi places I've ever been too. Sushi was not fresh what so ever, so for the people saying it's fresh, I really don't know if we are talking about the same restaurant. The waitresses were all so rude, pay the extra few bucks and go someone good. The sushi here literally tasted like complete crap. Not to mention i felt sick, when I left. The menu seems like it is so big but if you genuinely look at it and read it, everything is the same just a few stuff was added to make it seem different. Disgusting place, and I also saw the waitress drop the soy sauce lid off the container and she put it back on as if no one saw. Hygiene here needs to be improved, this is exactly mall sushi in a restaurant, but mall sushi is for sure better than this place. Please pat a few extra dollars and go somewhere good.笑
I very rarely give below 3 star reviews, and for this place i considered a 1 star. I came here for dinner, which was 19.95 per person. Obviously this price was too good to be true, and its amazing how much of a quality difference a few dollars makes in this area. We started with some dumplings and spring rolls, which seemed straight from a box in the freezer. Our rolls that followed were small and definitely not fresh. I have posted pictures that show how little fish you actually get in each roll as well. 
For a few dollars more, you can get 100x better sushi than this
For the same price you can also get better sushi. 
I can't believe how busy this place is, guess people just don't know better. 
I wouldn't pay $10 for this ayce sushi.笑
I'm conflicted. 

Quality and quantity is no issue at this location. However, customer service is what it lacks. 

Beginning with food,  kyoto offers AYCE or a large cart with heavily discounted rolls. I like Kyoto because the sushi is above part for an AYCE. You can taste the different elements of the sushi and the rice is mildly sweet. 

In terms of service,  it was nearly nonexistent. I found myself calling over the staff and they would walk past unacknowledgingly. Lacks common manners as well. However food comes out in reasonable time. 

To end what I began, I'm conflicted. Good sushi,  terrible service.笑
The service was really bad. First and last time there. The sushi wasn't great. It was ok. 
They don't serve Alcohol. They don't have a regular menu. All u can eat only. 
It looked seedy. The washrooms were dirty. 
Don't go.笑
Good food great service decent price.  They must have removed Eel but they have great sashimi.  My favorite fish would be the butterfish.  I've never heard anyone call it that before.  Some say Whitefish, white tuna, and some say albacore definitely not that.  Taste it it has a Cream flavor like coffee creamer best thing to get there.笑
Listen I've said it before and I'll say it again: BEST VALUE AYCE IN WOODBRIDGE

There is not a single AYCE place on Woodbridge that can match this place for quality, freshness, speed, and price point. When we have places charging near $30 per person this place is still tremendous value at both lunch and dinner at $12 and $19 respectively. 

The real value lies in the selection of rolls which are $3, $4 and $6 depending on the list you get them from. Unheard of ordering a la carte. Their best values lie in their take out platters.  No other place can give you that amount of quality maki rolls for that price. Not that I've found anyways and I've nearly tried every place in Woodbridge and Markham. 

They've won "best of Vaughan" awards and owner is all about volume and quality. If you understand this is Chinese made AYCE, then it's really hard to do better than this place. 

My favour place and I try to make it a point to come here for take out or AYCE everytime I visit my family in Woodbridge or go to Vaughan Mills.笑
When it opened it was better. They would forget stuff, but they would apologies. The fish was good back then, the cooks most of the time were more diligent. 

As it got busy, quality cost and service kept getting worse. Last times we went we spaced out the visits, but it was consistently worse and worse. So we will no longer go back.

The BAD 
- Always forgetting orders, you will be told its coming its coming, then they will ask you to write it out again 20-30 minutes later, many times saw it happen to others too. - Mixing up table orders, putting it down on wrong tables, walking away.- If people touch food and send stuff back, it seems they will SEND IT OUT TO ANOTHER TABLE, keep an eye out !!! - Sushi immediately falling apart - Sushi having less fish more rice, and tempura mush - Fish itself tasting cheap 

The GOOD: 
+ Location... not much around there

This place and AYCE but otherwise not worth it anymore.笑
Kyoto is by far one of the best all you can eat sushi places in Vaughan! The fish tastes fresh compared to a lot of the other sushi places iv been to. It's also not as expensive as other sushi restaurants and their all you can eat menu has a large selection! 
You have to try their pink lady speciality roll! It's my favourite !!! 
Their take out menu is great and cheap. Pretty much the same selection as all you can eat and you can get rolls for as cheap as $3! 
Kyoto is my go to sushi place. Try it, you won't be disappointed !笑
Second time here. First time around the service was great, got food very quickly and the staff were very friendly. This time around, not so much... We had to order rolls 3 times in order for us to get the proper order. Still the food is really great. Still recommended this place to my friends & family.笑
I've been here a couple times and today I found that their food has dramatically improved from the last time I was here. It was only $21.95 for all you can eat on a Sunday! Which is definitely a steal considering AYCE on weekends are $25+. Their food definitely doesn't reflect their price. It was amazing for $22 AYCE especially the beef teriyaki and salmon pizza. The only reason I'm giving them 3 stars was because their service was extremely slow and avoided eye contact with my entire family.笑
Dined here for lunch based on a friends recommendation and will definitely go back.

This restaurant sits where Bronx Burgers once was, near a Turtle Jacks and a Starbucks. As it's in a plaza, parking can be a problem, but it's worth the hassle.

Once seated, at your table you will find an order form of what they have available...it's just a simple matter of selecting what you want ( they even provide pencils) and the quantity. The waitress picks the form and shortly thereafter your food arrives.

With this format, you can be as adventuresome as you want, or stick to tried and true favourites. 

We took a friend who was in from Windsor to this place and we thought she had died and gone to heaven....amazing price, fresh food, wonderful flavours, great ambiance, friendly staff, generous portion sizes. She ordered a wine and the glass was filled to the brim.....don't know if this is the norm, but it provided a cheap buzz on a fairly decent, reasonably priced, white wine

The only issue we had is that some items we ordered never arrived....and when we reordered them a 2nd time...it didn't come as well. I guess edamame was scarce that day, as was spicy tuna rolls.

Despite this small hiccup, we will go back again, and again, and gain.笑
Went: 8:30 pm Sat Aug 22 2015
Ordered: Kyoto Roll, Red Snapper Roll, Veggie Roll, Tuna Roll
Cost: $16.00
There are some really excellent prices here. We had take out, so can't really comment on the service. There is something off about the rice that you do not find in good sushi restaurants. The red snapper roll was too heavy and the veggie roll did not have enough flavour, but the Kyoto and tuna roll were good enough to distract from the below-par rice.
My date's family members come here a lot and say that the rice at those times are a lot worse.
Bottom line: I like the value, and would try again because of the value, despite some bad reviews and anecdotes. If you are looking for good to excellent sushi, you should probably look elsewhere.笑
Best place to eat sushi in Vaughan. Great food at great prices. The only problem that I ever had was waiting for the food to come, it took a long time but it was worth it.笑
Went for dinner a couple of times, turned out okay. Service was a bit slow and the sushi was alright, nothing special. It's a nice place, would come back sometime.笑
We had a reservation for a big group of people for a birthday. We were there 5 mins after our reservation and they gave up our table to another party. With no call, or anything to confirm if we were coming. What sort of customer service is this?! We ALWAYS come here for birthdays and events because it's good and the pricing is good. But never coming back here again. No apology, nothing worst customer service ever! Avoid it if possible. You can lose a loyal customer very easily if you don't give them good customer service. Bye.笑
I'm sorry buy I have to go with one star for this place. After reading some good reviews we decided to go there on a Tuesday night. It was a friendly place cheap price plus a 10% discount, and because of that it was busy.  The green tea came 10 min after we sat down  . We ordered and got our rolls but no wasabi or ginger. So we asked for them got them quickly but just wished they'd just know like all other places. The food was not good. That's all I will say because I don't want to be disrespectful to the people who made it nor to the people who like it . But as someone who loves sushi I couldn't have it. 
Overall I'm sorry but not worth the discount or the time .笑
Giving them a 4.
The place is nice as it has nice decor and I like how they played kpop. 
My only problem with this restaurant is the rice on the sushi. It didn't taste soft but more grainy and harder than usual. This made all the rolls fall apart which was unfortunate. The reason why I'm giving them a 4 is because of the price. I got 3 six piece and 3 eight piece sushi for only $24 because of their 50% promotion. It was a good place to eat but not the best.