Placed a $70+ order for a team of medical professionals to thank them for what they did for me .. 

1. Placed order 4 days in advance ... ORDERED FOUR DAYS IN ADVANCE 
2. Called when delivery was already 30-45 minutes late and was told they hadn't even started cooking it yet and didn't know when they would
3. Manager there said "I don't know what you want me to say" in answer to the simple question, could you please tell me when you think it will be delivered?
4. It was DELIVERED ALMOST TWO HOURS LATE
5. No accomodation or apology was offered. 

NEVER AGAIN - and believe me the medical staff that could be regular customers since they eat pizza all the time .. will NEVER shop there either. 

Big mistake folks .. huge mistake.笑
I love this Dominos...whatever we order is always yummy and they are always on time..the Chicken BBQ thin crust is the best anywhere!

My husband can only eat gluten free pizza and he says Domino's does the gluten free the best.

It's nice to have a good, quick pizza deivery right around the corner that is consistent and makes the whole family happy.笑
Truly a fine dining experience.  In three years I have eaten over six hundred time and they have only screwed up the order about 10 times.  The only time they served me a Bbq chicken pizza that looked like an alcoholic's vomit, but they made it right by offering me a free pizza.  Very courteous and classy place.  Would not recommend eating there as there are no tables.  There is a nice wooded area only 30 seconds walking distance if you need some shade while eating outside.  Wear shoes because you might get stabbed with a needle or knife from a criminal.  Be aware of your surroundings no matter where you are.笑
I ordered one of the new speciality pizzas from this location a couple of nights ago.   I love ordering Domino's via their website because it tells me who is making the pizza (better to have a place to focus my rage if my pizza is not correctly).   Luckly, I did not have anything to be upset about.   The pizza was finished promptly and was cooked to my specifications (no diced tomatoes on my baja chicken/bacon/ranch).   

I opted to pick up the pizza instead of delivery and the employees were friendly and quick to attend to my order.

Will definately use again for those day(s) I am lazy and don't want to eat out (yes I see ordering pizza and taking it home and sitting on my couch in my boxers sleazily throwing pizza into my mouth while my dogs fight for scraps as not eating out).笑
We tried the Brooklyn crust last night, YUMMY! Everything was great except the pizza tracker was broken or something.  The delivery man was at the door and it said it was still in the oven?