BE VERY CAUTIOUS: We were a frequent customer of La Cakery for the past three years, however due to their irresponsibility and unproffessionalism we will no longer be ordering anything from them ever again! I ordered a Nutella Cake for my Birthday on July 25/16 being super excited to taste a Nutella cake...how awesome is that right? When eating the cake we all noticed that there was no Nutella in the cake at all and were extremely disappointed. We messaged Tomaso on Facebook, the owner of La Cakery and he informed us that he had in fact given us the wrong cake and gave our cake to another customer which is careless. He said both cakes looked alike but the fillings were different.  I was so disappointed as all my guests and I were looking forward to a Nutella cake. Also, I really do hope that whoever picked up our cake doesn't have a hazelnut allergy as La Cakery will have another issue on their hands. Tomaso's solution was for us to return the cake which is ridiculous and he will then give us a Nutella cake in return. How in the world can I return a cake we ate?  That's the most absurd thing I ever heard in my life. Don't really know how this is possible as their solution for us was terrible. I will never be a customer of La Cakery again. Please avoid them by all costs as I don't want you to be as disappointed as I was on my birthday.  Hope this review helped as nothing is sugar coated here it's 100% authentic. Thanks for reading this review as it's coming from a valued customer who ordered from them over 8+ times and shows they don't value their loyal customers at all.笑
Ok, my 3 stars is strictly due to a first time visit when Im pretty sure I was given old Tiramusu based on how the layers just fell apart solid (1 or 2 years ago to their defense). 

I gave the place a second chance and was delightfully surprised. I enjoyed the chocolate chip cannoli and portuguese tart as the cremes werent too sweet, but tasted fresh. Ill improve my rating after I go back one more time to try something else and have another positive experience.笑
This shop is in a quiet little plaza.

Pretty nice selection of cupcakes, cheesecake desserts and chocolate mousse. There's alot of variety and its VERY appealing to the eye.

I have to say the cupcakes and lil cookies were cheaper than most bakeries. Other cupcake shops are about $3.00, and here it was about $2.00 and less.

There are also a lot of fancy cakes.

**To be honest some of the cupcakes have this weird to smell and taste to it like nail polish remover. And they are dry.  I had the éclair.  It was also bland.


 I will not be returning笑
First let me say that I blame myself entirely for this review as I knew what this place was like but still chose to get a cake done here.

I got a custom cake done back in 2014. I wanted a Hello kitty cake with blocks that spelled my daughters name. I also had a picture that I got off the internet in which I wanted it to resemble. 

The cake did not resemble the photo at all.. Worse the blocks were too big for the cake and instead to start them so that they would all fit they started them in the middle so the last block was on the edge pretty much falling off.

That cake cost me $250 and unfortunately when you get a cake made for an event and pick it up the day of your event you have no choice but to just grin and bare it.

If you want a custom cake with bakers who are real artists call La Creme Cakes. I had a cake done by them for my sons birthday and omg! You should see the detail work and it cost me $220. It was a minion and all the people at my party were in complete awe of it.

So let's fast forward to 2016, so I wanted a cake for daughters birthday and I really don't know why I came here instead of La Creme cakes but I did. I think I did it because I knew if I went to La Creme Cakes I would be tempted to do a custom cake.

So I wanted a Shopkins Cake but they didn't have anything I liked so they told me they could print a photo, great!. I told the man that was helping me that I wanted Buttercream icing. So I found one I liked and emailed them the photo Sunday and also included that I wanted white with pink trim. There was no response to the email so I called on Wednesday and he said he could do it. Thanks for letting me know?

Instead I got white with blue trim and just your basic icing not Buttercream. Not even the writing was done neatly. What really surprised me was the total was $63??? For a basic rectangle non Buttercream icing cake??? The taste of the cake was bad too,.. No one wanted to eat it but I think that had more to do with the icing that's why I always always like my cakes with buttercream icing!!

Like I said this is all my fault and while you might be thinking why didn't I just call and complain.. You know what?, I get tired of complaining... From now on La Creme cakes..笑
TL;DR: Expensive Inedible Cakes.

I bought a birthday cake off of their refrigerated glass display thinking a dedicated bakery would be better than supermarket bakeries (I was wrong). First of all, presentation of the cake was a downer. It was a pecan flavoured cake and the top of the cake didn't have any decorations. When I brought it home, the first problem I noticed was the candles were having trouble sinking into the cake. Secondly, the knife couldn't even cut through this thick massive rock. When I was able to cut a slice, I did the first taste test. Although it didn't taste spoiled, it tasted like an old cake that was redressed. Kind of like what happened at Loblaws not too long ago, where they would redress old cakes that couldn't be sold.

Eventually I didn't even bother taking it up with the owner because my initial impression while walking into the bakery felt sketchy. I was glad Metro was opened 24/7.

This bakery gives Brampton a bad reputable. This bakery better step it up and actually care for the products they produce. Throw out old cakes, do a thorough check on the cakes they sell and bake better cakes. I can say that I wasn't surprised that I wasn't the only one with a negative review.笑
Was craving for some dessert and noticed that this bakery was in my neighborhood. We walked in and were greeted immediately. The owners (?) were very friendly and warm. Like others have mentioned, the cookies they offer are priced well but a bit stale or perhaps dry. We ordered three of their sugar cookies. You could taste that they weren't baked that morning or the day before. However, the cakes looked lovely and as I walked in, there was a cake being made and decorated. They also have pre made vegan cakes which is great for those who are vegan as they can be hard to find in Brampton. I also ordered a vanilla cupcake, chocolate cake slice and New York cheesecake. My partner tried the cheesecake and enjoyed the filling however the graham cracker base was dense. The vanilla cupcake was okay, nothing special but at least moist. The chocolate cake was dry and all the layers fell apart as we set it on it's side to share.笑
3.5* 

More of a place where you go to buy a cake for a special occasion than a café/bakery.  There are a few tables, but they weren't wiped off and most of the clientele seemed to be there to pick up a cake - not stay and enjoy a caffeinated beverage with a pastry.

I ordered a Zeppole, Nata (for a friend), tea, & an espresso.  Espresso was $0.90 and quite concentrated, great value!

I almost changed my mind when I saw a Lobster Tail, but the man behind the counter said that the Zeppole was better.  It was quite good and tasted fresh.

la Cakery appeared to be in a newer strip mall in a fairly industrial area of McLaughlin.  They had other pastries/sweets like cupcakes, eclairs, etc.