How can no one have written a review yet about this place. I guess I'll be the first.  I LOVE jack in the box.  It is so clear lately that they have gotten much better then McDonalds.  Their prices are very good, I've never had a mistake on my order. The food is ALWAYS made to order and it's hot too. I've never had anything bad here or at any location for that matter.  Some of my favorite items are the meaty burrito (I LOVE the salsa they serve with it. It's soooo yummy). The burrito is loaded and hot and yummy every time. The sirloin burger is very good, I love their shakes (made with real ice cream). Their fish sandwich is SO much better then McDonalds (only thing is it's not always permanent on the menu unfortunately) 

I'll goto Jack in the box anytime. It's a good place and have never had any complaints at any location.Ǿ
One for the plug...  never had da pkug.  But people are people.  Haven't had a bad experience.  I just hope the people are being themselves and not living for onwners. Both to the atvatage but one before the otherǾ
I work late nights and often when I get off my dinner options are very limited. Just moved to this area from Henderson and have visited this place a few times. Can we just talk about the late night drive thru guy? Holy crap, this dude is the most cheerful and polite person I've ever encountered in any restaurant setting, fast food or otherwise. He never messes up my order and he is always on point. It can be 1 in the morning and this guy is just awesome! He was wearing a shirt that said "boss" on the back so hopefully jack in the box is paying him decently because with customer service skills like that he'd excel in any job he can find. The only negative thing I could say about this dude is he makes me question my own job performance. I'm a server at a restaurant working for tips and I'm not on this dude's customer service level. 
Keep it up drive thru guy, you're the best!Ǿ
What a joke I ordered chicken nuggets and got shorted one, yes only one. So I tell the lady who was working and she laughs and says "do you want me to give you one chicken nugget?" It may only be short one but the fact of the matter is I payed for it so I should get what I payed for. I don't care how minimal it is, and way to provide good customer service by laughing about it. Seriously unprofessional and rude. You know what is actually funny? The thought that fast food workers deserve a raise.Ǿ
When I first walked in I was not greeted or anything. One of the workers did see me as well. The first thing she said to me was how can I help you? (Obviously I wanted to order & I was ready) and then she asked if I was ready. I told her I wanted 3 ORDERS of tacos (she was confused, so I told her a total of 6) AND I also told her I wanted a Jumbo jack with no cheese, mayo, & pickle. And guess what... She "forgot" the pickle. Bad service and she messed up the order. I told her how j wanted my food. But of course , it's fast food. Can't always expect the best from fast food places.
********************

THE BURGER ENDED UP HAVING MAYO IN THERE! I am truly disappointed. Never going to this location.Ǿ
I work nights and wanted to grab a quick bite to eat so I headed to the Durango/flamingo location. I pulled through the drive thru and was told that their system was down and they could not do ANY transactions. I decided that I could try another location slightly further from my location and I ended up at the tropicana location. I again tried the drive thru. I placed my order and right before I was given my total the cashier told me that the soda machine was down and I would be unable to get the drink I ordered. My options were tea, water, or orange juice. Not what a night shift worker is looking for. I chose orange juice and was told it would be an additional charge for the upgrade but they would be kind and drop that charge. Kind? It wasn't my choice to upgrade my drink! You guys didn't have the drink I wanted and gave me three pitiful options, I shouldn't be charged!

Overall it was a horrible experience at both locations and jack in the box has really got a lot to do to get my business back.Ǿ
I will go ahead and give this jack n the box a solid 3 stars for the lack of listening skills. I've been to this location multiple times and they get my order right about 70% of the time! This most recent visit was worth talking about because of the situation. No because I'm a loyal customer to the mini churros I know how they should be made and how they should be prepared for the most part! Just the other day I came to the drive thru and ordered my churros and after I left I go to bite one and it's as plain as a white colored wall.. No flavor or sugar.. I get these enough to know they were extremely in a rush and didn't put enough of the sugar. The part that was upsetting was when I went back to exchange them the cashier told me they'd make me a fresh batch and put more sugar. The woman working in the kitchen was bring a smart ass and filled my whole damn box up with sugar. To a point that it was ridiculous. I couldn't believe it but all I would've liked was a generous amount not the whole bottle! Smh won't be back to this location!Ǿ
Never eating here again. My chicken strips were gross. They had that chewy guey taste like they weren't fully cooked. I tried ordering the strips again but with a salad hoping that nastiness might have been a one time thing. It wasn't. I will not make that mistake a third time. 
Jumbo jack meat is horrible and all the sauces didn't cover up the taste. Never again!