The service at this Eat n Park kind of sucks, but the food's the same quality of course. It's a really nice-looking and roomy Eat n Park, though.Ǿ
Eat n Park is a staple to Pittsburghers. This location is in the parking lot of South Hills Village mall.  It's a great place for large groups or even a table for 2. They have a great menu with salads, sandwiches, entrees, appetizers, and desserts. There is a late night menu and a great salad bar.  It is open all hours which is wonderful. I took a young lady that I mentored to the ballet and then we went to Eat & Park for a late dinner. Most of their wait staff is friendly but it seems that they are always short staffed. It's the same with Bus Boys. 
It's not fancy but it's affordable. It will always be a favorite place for Pittsburghers because they continue the tradition year after year, generation after generation.Ǿ
Words cannot describe how slow this place is. We've given it a few chances and have never, ever had good service here.Ǿ
One has to realize that Eat'n Park is a chain. So whenever you go to one everything is the same as any of their other restaurants. I stopped here for lunch since they are remodeling the one I normally go to after a workout.

I'm visiting a lot because they have my special strawberry salad available.Next month it will be off the menu until next summer. Service is friendly and usually fast. Please note it does get crowded but wait times are not too bad.

They have a descent salad bar and will attend it if you notice anything wrong with it. You can have it as a meal or combine it with an entree for a slight up charge. Food is mediocre. Most menu items are ala carte but some come with one side. Dinners normally come with two sides.

They do sell "smiley" cookies and merchandise. They do give calorie and gluten free information on their menu.

Their prices are on par with your average chain. Nothing special. Again they have had menu items which they run for a season which are good but don't bring back. It is a good place to meet up with friends or family.Ǿ
This was disappointing. 

Hot oatmeal was smeared to the bottom of a large bowl, which gave the impression they were trying to make it seem like a larger portion than it was. I'm guessing it was microwaved based on the texture.

Waitress was miserable.  

Coconut creme pie was delicious.

Would not go here for breakfast again.Ǿ
The location and quality of food are the only reasons I would recommend this Eat n Park. Saturday morning breakfast dates have become a routine for my family, and we try to pick different establishments. We had a 15 minute wait for a table which isn't the end of the world, but the service has taken a nose dive, when I have to compare other EnP locations to this one. Our server seemed disorganized, and like she was having a hard time keeping up with her section.
Our food was good, it's really hard to mess up breakfast food, my sunny side eggs could've been cooked a little longer so I wasn't eating raw egg whites, but my waffle, and bacon were cooked well. I'm not one to complain about the small things, so I let it slide when I had to wait for a refill on iced tea, and having our missing salt shaker replaced. The server stopped by a total of twice, and took forever to stop at her other tables.
Once we had our check, no one was at either register. Why have two registers if no one is around? Customers are waiting in line to pay, and there's no system to the madness, so no one knows which register to wait in line at. 
This location is only good for a few reasons, customer service isn't one of them.Ǿ
The food was OK.  You get what you expect from a place called "Eat N Park."  The service (late Sunday morning) was slow.  But, what ticked me off was what seemed to be discrimination in where people were seated.  All of the Black, Hispanic, and Asian people were seated at the back, along with anyone with obvious physical or mental disabilities, and those who were obese.  I guess they want all of the "normal" white families to feel comfortable with their own up at the front.Ǿ
Had a great family meal.  Nice part is that you can order breakfast at dinner time.   In our group we had breakfast, lunch and dinner.  We were farthest table from kitchen which is not always good but service was very good.  Food was good, had the Buffalo chicken salad and it was tasty and fresh lettuce and tomatoes.  It was nice that we actually had some time to sit and talk between ordering and had a good time.  

If you want fast food, you can call ahead and order and pick up at the drive in window.  What  good idea!Ǿ
Morning: Only came once for a group event at the buffet, and it was nice. I had a cheerful server who promptly answered my request for "a very strong coffee" and brought me a huge espresso. 

Normal dining hours: Fine. Though it's been a while since I've come here for that. There's one server who used to work here who was an absolute delight. I hope that more people work here. I find Eat'n Park's food to be average and kind of overpriced for their quality, but the familiarity of the food is welcoming. 

Late night: Ugh. The service is horrible, and the food is more subpar. I use to come with friends who work at  a restaurant with me, so we are very forgiving, and we get really frustrated at the inattentiveness of the service here, seemingly by really apathetic annoyed teens. They're really not trying at all. Aside from the convenience of the location, going elsewhere would probably be a better bet. The food tastes kind of stale about half the time we come here at night, like dry chicken tenders, soggy fries, etc. The other half of the time it's acceptable, but again seems really overpriced to me for the quality and even the portion. 

This is the only Eat'n Park I've really tried, so I can't really speak for other locations, but I would definitely not come to this one late at night given the choice.

Late night - 1 star, normal hours - 3 stars. So averaged at 2?Ǿ
I make sure to visit an Eat N Park every time I'm in Puttsburgh!  Love the cookies!   We had a positive breakfast experience.  Good food, good service very reasonable prices :)Ǿ
When I came here in high school, I thought it was great. They've upped the prices and their food can come out flat-out shady. One thing that was generally worth the money here was the breakfast buffet. But lately, it is not well stocked at all. The food gets cold, even with lids on every item. The last time I went, I ordered the breakfast buffet. No eggs, no bacon up there. I decided to get a few other little things while I waited for them to restock. I went back 20 minutes later, still no eggs or bacon. At that point, people were waiting for it to come out. On a Sunday, I know it's busy, but when so many people order the buffet, it should be a priority to keep it stocked well.Ǿ
Eat'n Park is truly the place for smiles! Nothing beats coming out of a late night movie and walking over to this inexpensive Pittsburgh treat. 
I love the Superburger and everything is stand for. Seriously, it is like an explosion of amazing in my mouth! 
The remodel looks great too!Ǿ
This place is horrible. I wasn't able to taste anything else for two days as the food, being as bland as it was, sucked all of the life from my taste buds and left my tongue a dead wiggly slab of uselss meat... much like the burger I ate. The service was equally as bad with our waitress more interested in hanging out with her teenage friends than checking to see if we had choked to death on the swill they served us. I suppose, since it's 24 hours, it has some redeeming qualities. For instance, if you become homeless, you could stay here all day and wouldn't have to sift through trash cans to find some familiar flavors.Ǿ
Loved this place.  Where else can you get a free refill on a latte, I mean really?  And with sugar-free syrups to boot.  Good service.  Good menu.  Good deal.  But be warned, Google maps doesn't get you there.  It gets you close, though.  It's behind Macy's, not around the corner from the Port Authority station.  Sheesh.Ǿ
Tommorow I& my CareAttendant are going here to try their whale of a tale cod fish sandwich I hope its a better experience Than the ugh. Breakfast I had there awhile ago well after a year of not eating here; My friend and I went last friday to have their A whale of a fish sandwich we werent thrilled . The fish wasnt cod it was like some one ground the fish like a fish stick- and coleslaw wasn't fresh. Or sweet as it used to be! My milkshake vanilla wasnt  mixed properly like tasted more like milk wheres the ice-cream? We were very disappointed and said for what they charged w a terrible sandwich like this we will eat at Bobs dinner at least for same price $8.99 you get almost 2 Lbs fish thats fresh unhappy cookies here!Ǿ
Just as good as any other Eat 'n Park I have visted. My 2 year old loves this place very family friendly and a great place for breakfast.Ǿ
I love the new restaurant after the renovation and the pick up window is awesome. The staff seems to be more motivated to make the customers happy. Well, most of them .. Grandma, you know who you are. Anyway, food is always good and prices fair. Good place to grab soup, salad, and a sandwich for lunch.Ǿ
I've reviewed the Squirrel Hill Eat 'n' Park here http://www.yelp.com/biz/eat-n-park-pittsburgh#hrid:2FEe-uI0OAIoSMgCwAThAg
Even though I can only give Eat 'n' Park a three star review, I love Eat 'n' Park.  It's an old reliable.  The food is dependable, no-surprises comfort food.  The coffee is always good.  And there are times when chow like this just hits the spot!  Like last night.  I'm in a band and we were rehearsing nearby.  We took a dinner break and came over here.  The BLT I had was absolutely perfect.  Who doesn't like a good BLT?

Some of their other sandwiches I'd recommend are the grilled chicken , the turkey club, and the Santa Fe turkey bacon.  The dinners here aren't bad if you stick with the basic chicken or beef dishes.  I don't recommend the steaks or the spaghetti.  But the salads and soups here are good too.

So, yeah, the food here is unimaginative.  It won't surprise you but it'll definitely satisfy.Ǿ
This is one of the worst restaurants that I've ever visited.  My eggs and home fries were ice-cold and the toast was stale and disgusting.  I will not be coming back!Ǿ
This is a large, spacious eat n park. I was here for breakfast, and got my usual oatmeal & fruit combo. The fruit cup had bananas which is a nice treat.  The coffee tasted especially good and they kept the cup full. The parking out front is shared with the mall so during breakfast hours there is plenty of spaces. All in all, a very nice experience today.Ǿ
So, when i checked into this location, I noticed it averaged at 2 stars. I was surprised because this restaurant is in a nicer area so I figured it would have a better rating. We dont really head to EnP too much.. we've had the crappiest experience at Sq. Hill & Waterfront.. even after second chances so Bobby refuses to even come anymore.

I stopped here yesterday for some to-go breakfast. I got a second job at Bobbys store at the mall since he is understaffed.I stopped here for a quick breakfast before heading to work

 I went to the hostess stand and explained I'm placing a to-go order and she pointed where I should stand and said the to-go worker will be out shortly. I literally stood there for ten minutes just waiting on her to come out! 

Anyways, afterwards I ordered some breakfast combo (cant remember the official name) It came with one egg, choice of meat, toast and home fries. I also asked for grilled stickies a la mode and a coffee. 

Ok, first things first, the coffee was disgusting! You ever have a pot of coffee that is low and sits on the burner for awhile so it taste, well, burnt.... thats exactly what this tasted like. I'm not sure if they use different coffee from the dining in and take out but my coffee was not fresh! I waited 15 minutes for food-- which is fine because I didn't call ahead. When the girl brought it out, she asked if i wanted ice cream with my stickies.. I asked for a la mode when ordering but whatever. Finally, I get to work and it's so busy I have no time to eat. I go to eat my food 20 minutes later only to find out that no home fries were in my box! I ordered that breakfast specifically for the homefries and paid for them, but didnt receive them! They also did not put silverware in my to-go bag. (????!!!???!!??!)

I dont even think I can come back as a dine in option. The only good thing I experienced was the cashier for the people who were paying that dined in. She was really nice and friendly. I felt like the girl who took my order was new or inexperienced. She totally messed up my order and disappeared for 10 minutes while people were waiting in the take out line. Another bad experience at EnP! I'm from Beaver County which has 2 EnP locations... I never had any complaints for those. I don't know why Pgh ones just suuuuuck!Ǿ
The service at this rather Expansive 'n  Posh Eat 'n Park near South Hills Village has shown a marked improvement since my last visit. Our server was light on her feet and missed not a single beat. 

Let me introduce you to BAAGB, the Black Angus American American Grill Burger. 

He's got a weighty patty between two cuts of Texas Toast. Onions for days, green peppers for miles, mushrooms, 'Murikan cheese, and mustard to keep him from being too soft on the palate. He's mean. He's a patriot. He's juicy. He's Sargent Slaughter reincarnated as a sandwich, and he gets on well with EnP's fresh, crispy cole slaw, and those newfangled potato chips 'n ranch I can't get enough of.

Winding down lunch after our matinee munch-fest was a classic hot fudge sundae. There's something about EnP's whipped cream and vanilla ice cream; it's thicker and richer than most. And that hot fudge just seeps to the bottom of the glass, begging to be lifted out with that long crane of a spoon. 

Eat 'n Park: American as apple crisp, dissent, and rock 'n roll...

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=--N4ISYI-4cǾ
This is the worst Eat 'N' Park I have ever been to.  Food not up to standard and the service is embarrassing!  I gave this location THREE chances.  Forget it and go to the one at South Park Entrance.Ǿ
Avoid if you have any expectation of reasonably well-prepared food. Highschool cafeteria food prep is better than what comes out from this lazy and obviously inexperienced kitchen staff.

So much for the "must do" in Pittsburgh...