Their food is very tasty. Specially the Nihari. The best Nihari in Phoenix. If you ever crave desi food please go there you will not be disappointed better yet give  Sunday buffet a try.Ǿ
Delicious Paya. Ummm. Loved the service. 
The ambiance should not deceive you. 
Mango Lassi was just sweet enough. 

Will definitely return.Ǿ
Great authentic place for afghan, pakistani food that serves naan, curry. Very tasty and delicious.Ǿ
We are staying close to the airport after our camping trip and we were looking for some good take out food not too far away from the hotel. We had BBQ kebabs, beef curry and samosas. The quality of the food is very good and everything tasted great.Ǿ
Restaurant itself I rate 0/5. pouri chohlay 3/5 and chicken handi which I read so many good reviews 3/5. Overall 2.5/5 typical Arizona desi food place taste wise. However serving samosa for free as an appetizer was very nice of them.Ǿ
Hands down, Hilal Grill has the best kabobs in town. Actually all of their other dishes are just as delicious. We always enjoy our experience at Hilal.Ǿ
Best food ever! There chicken handi is to die for... among other awesome dishes. The husband and wife duo are amazing cooks and very sweet people. When ever my dad comes into town it's the first thing he brings up, when are we going to tahoora?Ǿ
I have been a regular customer when I was working in Phoenix but recently I was visiting and had the chance to take my wife for their weekend brunch. Although their a la carte menu is good and I am a fan of their nihari, karhai and biryani nothing beats their weekend buffet. It just does not get better than this. Everything was delicious and has a homemade touch to it. They have plenty variety on their buffet and if I didnt say it already everything is amazing! Do yourself a favor and skip dinner the night before and head over to their brunch. Stuff yourself and skip dinner again. Its worth it!Ǿ
This is my favorite Pakistani Restaurant! The beef nehari is awesome, the paya is also well done. They also have buffet on Sundays for those who are not familiar with the region's food, it's a great place to start. They also cater.  This is a small family business the owners are very friendly and hail from Karachi. My wife is from Islamabad, she and the in-laws are every impressed with the food here. Highly recommended.Ǿ
Best Pakistani food in the region. The Sunday brunch was simply yummy and delicious;

Beef nihari,goat paya, chicken pulao, daal  ghost,
Achaari chicken a few yummilicious items.

Guys, if ur craving for some good swadisht  food, come here on a Sunday and enjoy karo.

Bole to dabaake  khane ka....

Will come back for sureǾ
Good food and an elaborate menu. The place could be more cleaner and neater. They do have good vegetarian options. Ambience is not very great but you can enjoy good meal of good quantity for a reasonable price. People around did love the non vegetarian options.Ǿ
Food was mediocre. The curries just tasted like tomato paste. Needs more spices.  WAY too much oil!!Ǿ
If you're missing taste buds, this is the right place for you. The food is flavorless. The mango lassi is good though.Ǿ
I love this place. Admittedly, I'm probably not an authority on authentic indo-pakistani food but it tastes great and is frequented by people that seem like they know this type of food.Ǿ
I ordered the chicken bhari and I was a little disappointed with how plain my dish was. My plate was 3/5 covered in naan, the rest was the pieces of chicken and a dry salad with no dressing. I received 7 boneless pieces of meat off of a kabob. The texture was very good, temperature was hot, but the spices and flavor missed the mark. I wanted the buffet, because I like the variety, but its only on the weekends I believe.  Not sure if I would come back here. My plate was about $10 which I thought was a bit high for chicken and flat bread.Ǿ
A hidden gem in Arizona! I actually have driven past this place on so many occasions not paying much attention. Well,Tahoora Grill is worth paying attention to. The food is amazing. I would like to tell you what our favorite is, but every single thing we have tried  has been wonderful. It's a great combination of Indian Pakistani Afghan food. I have to say the garlic naan is as good as bread could possibly be. I love the chicken tikka masala and the lamb chops are sooooo yummy! The rice will be your new favorite once you try that. And most of all, let's not forget the chef/owner. Mamoona. She is just as kiind and welcoming as her food is fantastic. This girl gives this place two thumbs up. Oh and if you need catering try giving something different a try because they can handle a group of any size at super affordable prices.Ǿ
Ambiance: Medium sized restaurant, approximately 14 tables and directly attached to the Zam Zam ethnic grocery store. Sparsely decorated. Patrons range from families to co workers on lunch break.

Food: I'm not from Indian/Pakistan/Afgan descent so I can't be trusted to competently judge the food, but to me everything tasted great! The samosa chat was delicious as was the daal. Most of the patrons appeared to be of Indian/Pakistan/Afgan descent which is always a good sign that the food is legit.

Service: Very friendly and relatively prompt.

Summary: A great place for Indian/Pakistan/Afgan cuisine!Ǿ
Look elsewhere! Tried this place out and was not worth the hype. It is a hole in the wall and for a place that prides themselves on their food, they should really work on their customer service skills. When I asked my waiter/ waitress/ cook what do you recommend, I was given a look of confusion and anger. Then not to mention the food was not that good. I'm staying far away from this place.Ǿ
Love their Sunday brunches!! Always have the best time when I visit this place!! My fav are their Nihari and Paya which makes me go back again and again!!Ǿ
Great food! Family and I went for lunch on Saturday, and everything was very fresh. Delicious menu items include mantu, keema paratha (good for 4-6 people), chicken shish kabob fry masala, channa masala, and aloo mutter. We loved the keema paratha and aloo mutter especially!Ǿ
This is one of  the best restaurants I've been there, let's start with the food it's very delicious, the Chicken handi it's one of my fav dishes and also the lamb kabob with kabuli rice it's super delicious and nan (bread) it's the best bread I ever ever ate, I'm so excited about trying more dishes in future of course. Also the owners are super nice and cool, oh almost forgot the Friday and Sunday buffet it's so many dishes on Sunday and different from the menu, delicious meals every week DONT MISS OUT FRIDAY@SUNDAY buffet it's very busyǾ
Had the Chicken Tikka Masala, white rice and garlic naan and it was AMAZING! Hidden jewel with family friendly service. Here till Friday, definitely going to come  back.Ǿ
We tried something different again and it was pretty good. My son even tried new food and liked it. Another diamond in the rough.Ǿ
Came to Tahoora Grill for their Sunday brunch - it was absolutely delicious!  We had all of the traditional dishes:  paya, nihari, chanaa poori, sooji, tandoori chicken, palak and so much more.  Everything was fresh and the spices were on point.  Would definitely go back.  Yum.Ǿ
Sunday brunch- major yes!  All you can eat until 3pm featuring a salad bar, 2 types of rice, and several yummy authentic homemade Indian/Pakistani dishes.  As I recall, it was $26 for 2 of us including a fountain drink.

I'm pretty new to Indian cuisine and this buffet let me sample nearly everything... Except the goat, which they had 2 preparations.  The chicken was the bomb!! All the sauces are flavorful, savory, fresh and homemade.  Of course plenty of naan to soak everything or eat it like a pita.  The mixed vegetables were a highlight for me- potatoes mixed with other veggies in a tomato based sauce.

The salad bar was super cold with nice greens, red onions, something that looks like hummus but taste like cinnamon pudding??  The garlic sauce that looks like ranch is awesome!

The ambiance is cafeteria/grocery store but honestly the food is worth it.  We saw a mix of people dining here- families and couples alike.  The food stations and tables were spotless with tables being bussed promptly.Ǿ
This restaurant is located in a very low key, unassuming neighborhood.  I would not have ventured there except for the fact that there were many good reviews.  What an amazing experience.  The food was unique (for me), flavorful and incredibly delicious.  I wish I could list the food by their names, but as an appetizer we shared a dumpling-like dish with wonderful tomato / yogurt like sauces.  We also had a chicken stew (in a red sauce) and the beef kabob.  Even the rice was perfectly prepared and seasoned.  This restaurant made my week!Ǿ
Our office goes to Tahoora at least once a week and it's not hard to see why: the amazing food and excellent customer service. I've tried, at this point, almost everything on the menu, and everything is always fresh, delicious, and authentic.

Some of my favorites are the Bandanjan Eggplant, Goat Karahi, and the Chicken Byrani, but the menu is solid all-around.

We've gotten to know the owners just because of the sheer amount of times we go and they are really delightful and always incredibly friendly.Ǿ
Hands down the best!  Since leaving London we've been unable to find any Indian food that is comparable to Tandoori Corner in the Streatham Common, South London.
Mohamed, the head chef, is top shelf.  Very modest and a fabulous cook.  Happily he spiced up my last meal, the Chicken Karahi, to perfection.  Also the Beef Nihari I had the first time was excellent.  Genuine chef making genuine Indian, Afghani, Pakistani food.  A rarity here in Phx.  My newest favorite Indian restaurant!Ǿ
To settle any confusion this place is next to Zam Zam world foods, they even share an internal door. 

For lunch it is a sit down place with a waitress and a menu. The Menu has many familiar Indian items, a few Mediterranean items and the more exotic Afgan items. 

I was hungry and went with my Afghan fall back the Gulpi (7.50) A Cauliflower dish with a slightly creamy flavorful sauce. It comes served with Tandor bread which in this case they use Naan and for $1 you can get rice which I did. The rice is pretty intresting in itself long grain and colors varry a bit. Over all a great dish but a bit more acidic than I am used to.

My friend had a intresting dish that is hard to describe other than it had meat inside dough and lots of sauce. He liked it.

Most items will break the $10 mark with tip and tax so I may not be doing this place for lunch too often.Ǿ
We were visiting Phoenix and we're looking for something to please all. I think we found our go-to place for kabob, Indian and other delights.

We ordered a beef kabob. It came to us fresh of the grill and was juicy, tender and well-seasoned--really about the best I've had.

Same with the chicken kabobs. Topped with an orange colored tub, it was juicy and tender.

Service was VERY kid friendly and attentive. The owners' daughters were seated at a table by themselves while the Mom worked. My youngest daughter, always the social butterfly, went and sat with them and they started to play. When my daughter got loud, I went and apologized and the owner assured me that "they're kids" and not to worry.

And when it was time for her to feed her girls, well, they brought out a plate for my daughter.

I'm from Syria, so I've seen this kind of hospitality before. It was touching to experience it here.

The ambience may not be up to everyone's liking. It is not a fancy place, nor does it pretend to be.

But the value, quality of the food and the attentiveness of the staff make this place deserving of 5 stars.

Can't wait to go back! A must-visit when I'm next in Phoenix!Ǿ
great food... floats in oil though... i drained the oil before eating it. 

my choices: 
sheesh kabab masala fry
butter chicken/makhaniǾ
Hilal Grill, formerly the Tahoora Grill does not disappointment! The most amazing part of the meal, of course, is the humongous Tandoori Parantha. It is a large flatbread baked in the tandoor or oven. It is topped with white and black sesame seeds. (10/10)

It went really well with the chicken tikka masala, our favorite. Creamy, delicately spiced curry with chicken. (10/10) 

They were out of the cauliflower or Afghan Gulpi. We got the spinach Sabzi instead. In our opinion, it wasn't as good as the Gulpi and will probably try the eggplant next (6/10).

The beef samosa has changed crust. It used to be bigger and puffier. The filling is fine and tasty and great with the mint chutney. Sadly, it has flattened out. (6/10) 

The lamb shank did not look as appetizing as the one I tried earlier in the year. It lamb was gamy tasting, but fall off the bone soft. It had a little too much fat for my taste. The carrot and small raisin rice was tasty. I loved the cucumber, raita and mint chutney. We enjoyed the rice with the chicken tikka masala as well. (7/10)

We liked our mango lassi, however, it was just slightly chilled. (8/10)

Our server was not very attentive in filling up our water. He was nice about bringing boxes and lids for my sauces when I asked. (7/10)

Still, the Tandoori Parantha and the chicken tikka masala keep bringing us back.Ǿ
Food is good, people are nice. They cook everything fresh and authentic. I go there once every week to enjoy the Kabobs. Best kabobs in town.Ǿ
Consistently good food here. The tandoori chicken and the biryani are excellent. I wasn't particularly impressed by the quality of the buffet but it did offer a good variety of food.Ǿ
This place was pretty good,  service was great,  and atmosphere was loud (minot detail), but it was very hot inside.  I mean it was sweaty hot. The food itself was pretty good,  but nothing to rave over.  It was pretty close to authentic paki and afghan food. The nehari want really nehari, it was more like beef curry. The goat paya (hoof) was more like what nehari is supposed to be.  There was one major flaw that stuck out but it was quickly corrected.  Let's be real mistakes happen.  If I came back,  it out be for take out. It's just too damn hot insideǾ
A very welcoming and family owned restaurant! The staff made sure you understood how the meal was prepared and made it to your liking. The atmosphere was perfect and the food exceptional!Ǿ
Total ripoff. Ordered nihari beef and got a bowl of broth with three tiny pieces of meat in it. When I asked where is the meat I was told that is all you get and that is what everyone does. I have had nihari at many places but never with so little meat in it. Worst food deal I ever had.Ǿ
Went for Sunday lunch buffet to Hilal Grill today and was impressed with pretty much everything. From courtesy of staff , their attentiveness, offering a high chair for baby without even asking, attending to table politely and in a non interrupting way, bringing puri bread freshly to the table in request; this makes for a fantastic experience. 

The chef came out and met with diners, keeping a welcoming environment for all. 

Coming to the food: probably the most Authentic Pakistani food in the state. The Sunday buffet was designed to please with all star cast of Pakistani delicacies. Their paye, nihari, falling-of- the-bone meat on palak gosht, chicken tikka , chicken kebabs , curry, daal, veggies that I didn't try, yogurt and feerni (rice pudding) made and presented in clay pots (extra points for authentic presentation there too!) 
This was always a good restaurant but it keeps getting better. Now with an upgraded interior including modernized restrooms, it is nicer than before. 

Want to try a good Pakistani restaurant? Don't waste time elsewhere, Hilal grill is the place!!Ǿ
Ah! Finally a restaurant that does not serve you the same curry base with different names.The Handi Chicken and Chicken tikka masala were spot on, boneless pieces of chicken in gravies that were near perfection.The gravy reminds one of authentic Pakistani cuisine.The garlic Naan was fresh and full of Flavor(All gravies are served with plain Naan).

The restaurant is very basic and ambiance is just about adequate.It's definitely not a place where one goes for a date night.I would recommend getting the food to-go.
Also i was very impressed that the food was first boxed in containers and then sealed with poly sheets to avoid any spillage(which is very common when you box curries).

The Staff is friendly and was happy to substitute the Naan for rice.
Free Samosa when you check-in on Yelp.

Cheers!Ǿ
Good food with new flavored! Changed name from Pak & Afghan Grill to Tahoora. Beef/chicken sheesh Kabab masala is the best!Ǿ
The dessert was great! Palak paneer was okay but that's to be expected at any restaurant. A great place to try Indian/Afghan/Pakistani food if you haven't had it before.Ǿ
You're not paying for atmostphere here, folks. This is a humble, family-run place, next door neighbors with Zam-Zam halal market. Believe me, this family sees to your satisfaction! They are always present. Try the Sunday buffet first, but don't expect it to be easy on a Sunday at lunchtime. You may want to wait until later in the day, lest you're waiting outside in the hot sun, LOL. 

I LOVE Indian food, and though the sign says Pak-Afghani, you will be hooked. The BEST palak paneer (spinach and cheese) and channa masala (stewed chick-peas) you've ever tasted. Great standards like daal (lentils), tandoori chicken, tikka masal, etc. etc. What's different? Deep-friend poori puff-bread to-order, ...and Yes, there's often a BEEF dish, beef nihari. Boneless chunks stewed in a peppery broth, best served mixed-in with the side condiments of minced jalapeno, ginger, and cilantro. Fountain drinks are included! 

This past Sunday, the owner said they're beginning a Friday lunch buffet geared strictly to the Indian clientele, so I don't expect the beef dish then. However, that's just another excuse for me to visit them even more.Ǿ
Very good food 
Very good service
Nice buffet
Tandoori chicken very delicious
Every one should go for Sunday special buffetǾ
Tahoora is amazing! Everything I've tried is fantastic, most definitely the best in AZ. The Sunday Brunch is exceptional and gets crowded quickly. Everything is super fresh and delicious: perfect puri, homemade yogurt, the halwa was a revelation.Ǿ
Really good food. Friendly people. The chef even came out to say hello and ask us if our food was ok. I'll be coming back here again soonǾ
This place is amazing. The mixed grill platter is fantastic and enough to feed four people really. We usually go with the lamb boti, seekh kebab, tandoori, and malai boti. Flavors are off the hook. Kabuli rice is a great accompaniment. Service is attentive. Absolutely will return.Ǿ
This place is amazing! The variety of food is excellent with every dish having its own powerful unique flavor. Not only that, but the family that runs this restaurant makes you feel right at home. Definitely recommend this restaurant and have even turned all my Co workers to it! Word is quickly spreading about this place in my own circle. Try it out and continue to spread the word! P.s. Sundays they have a buffet!Ǿ
If you're vegetarian don't bother coming here : the limited selection Is also not well done. Too sweet to qualify as Indian food. Afghan is the closest - the non veg selection seems extensive but don't know what that tastes like, I'm still an animal lover.Ǿ
Interesting place, Friendly  people, Great  Food!  This place was recommended to us by a Bangladesh couple we chatted with at Chan Pen... finally decided to give this place a try and loved it!  Chicken Tikki Masala, Naan, kabob, rice with carrots and raisins was delicious!  Can't wait to try the Sunday Buffet :)Ǿ
One star knocked off for a lack of ambiance and no liquor license, but don't get me wrong ... this is five star food, promptly served by nice people!Ǿ
tahoora grill is the best indian and Pakistani food in town. we always come here with friends and family, you have to try their Sunday brunch. Staff, owners/Chefs are very nice and accommodating. love this place. must tryǾ
Not a spot for ambience but the food is delish! The staff was helpful and attentive. The lamb kabab was tasty and the chicken handi was as well. The naan bread is awesome and the prices are reasonable. Will be back soon!Ǿ
I wanted to try this halal restaurant the day after I tried khyber halal so I could have a comparison. I have to say the samosas here are better than khyber for sure! They are fried crispy and super fluffy. The potato and herb mixture inside is very delicious. I had the bolanee as well, which is a bread stuffed with potatoes and herbs and it was delicious. It reminded me of a quesadilla except the bread was homemade and way better than a tortilla.  Khyber has this dish on the menu but they ask that you call 1 day in advance to order it because they don't have the ingredients so I was not able to try their dish. The sauces at both places were so good, but I really liked the spice level here better. The dishes were a bit greasy so don't order these on a diet! Next time I will try the mantoo and compare it to kh!Ǿ
I am a huge fan of the boneless chicken handi.  I have never seen it offered anywhere but here and it is delicious.  The naan bread is also the best around.  The chicken tikka (grilled chicken) is awesome too, anyone even less adventurous boring eaters would love this.

The chicken tikka masala was below average IMO.

The sunday buffet was not worth the price the one time I checked it out.  Stick with the menu options.Ǿ
I was here for Sunday buffet and I must say it's one of the true authentic Pakistani/Afghani buffets I've had. Please do not go here expecting a typical Indian buffet that includes chicken Tikka masala and Indian Naan. However, this is a meat lovers paradise. They had 4+ chicken dishes, 2+ goat dishes and one beef dish. This is a truly authentic Pakistani place. The noise level is kind of high, but not disturbingly high. The buffet had two dessert items and those were top-notch too!! Must try for any meat loversǾ
First time here, it was overall a good experience. We got chicken samosas, chicken curry, butter chicken, and aloo mater. We order with the intention of left overs and we were not disappointed. Only a slight difference between the two chicken dishes would be my criticism almost seemed like two orders of the same dish. I may have misunderstood when the dish was described to me over the phone so I will order again in person  to verify. We will definitely order again.Ǿ
We stopped in for a Sunday lunch buffet and left very satisfied! There is no special atmosphere here- it is very minimalistic- but the food is really, really good and reasonably priced. We will definitely come back!Ǿ
Very good customer service. Food is good too. Nice people. Tried the buffet on sunday.Ǿ
So I am a Pakistani-American who enjoys eating out. Until my encounter with Tahoora, I was reluctant to spend my money and time frequenting Indian/Pakistani restaurants because the food was never made to order and the restaurateur relied upon a few basic sauces (curries) to make all of the items on the menu. Why bother when I can cook better at home, right? Well, then I was invited to a lunch at Tahoora by a business associate. I went for the meeting and left with the food! The food was amazingly fresh, authentic, and made to order. Since then, I have used the folks at Tahoora restaurant to cater small and larger gatherings. And in each instance, the food and service were beyond 5 stars. Seriously, I don't know if these guys can make a bad meal. In addition, my family and I like to attend the Tahoora Sunday buffet. It's reliably amazing week in week out. I have lived on both coasts, tried so many Inian/Pakistani restaurants and I can honestly tell you, Tahoora is a rare and precious gem found here in the Valley of the Sun. You don't want to miss an opportunity to dine here!Ǿ
This is the real thing if you want authentic Pakistani food. 
The biryani is awesome as is the handi, karahi, daal, chana masala, aalo goosht and aalo goosht curry. 
I would have given 5 stars but the quantity of meat in the biryani was lacking. 
Love their method of cooking.Ǿ
Love the food. I rank this as one of the top authentic Pak Afgan restaurants in the U.S. To me Nehari is the litmus test and this place has passed that test almost every single time. I have taken my family, friends, colleagues and everybody has enjoyed the food.Ǿ
Tahoora grill is one of my favorite desi restaurants in the entire Phoenix area. Their goat paye and Nihari in their Sunday buffet are the best I have tasted in USA. The owner is also very friendly and staff is extremely nice.Ǿ
We were craving exotic eats and have been dying to try Tahoora for a while now. We went on a Sunday night and lucky us, they have a buffet on Sundays!! This meant that we got to try everything! The buffet had multiple Afghan + Indian chicken specialties, naan, sauces, veggies, rice, beans, beef, goat's feet {I wasn't daring enough for this}, a few desserts, and it was the perfect way to explore other options, rather than just order your go-to dishes. I've never had Afghan food before, so it was cool trying that twist to traditional Indian food. I didn't take any photos because well, let's be honest, a bunch of saucy items thrown on a plate isn't very photogenic BUT the flavors are insanely delicious! If you come here, I recommend coming on a Sunday so that you can try a little bit of everything! It is on the pricey side at $13.99 per person but it is all-you-can-eat and that includes a fountain drink as well. :) Enjoy!Ǿ
I would call this a hidden gem! They are very helpful in helping you select the dish you have a taste for. I loved all the dishes they recommend. I will definitely be back!Ǿ
This place is one of my favorite restaurants for that lovely Sunday buffet I ate two days ago.  i consider a visit to Tahoora to be a reward or treat I give myself not as often as I would like because it makes my mouth so happy I eat too much.  The variety, delectability, and service are just right, the price is low for the value, they don't waste time or money on anything but making delicious food, replenishing it well and cheerfully. It definitely feels "family" enterprise in the best way and I hope they live long and prosper.   If I've got a guilty secret to share its that poori, included with the buffet, just ask, and a hot puffy one appears glistening and pale, thin and delicate, just slightly yeasty and sweet.  I have to consciously control my desire to discard all semblance of civility in getting all of that luscious thing in my mouth at once. But I control myself and sip the lovely hot tea in between bites.  Actually, I can't believe I can get a table here, it should be overrun every Sunday with a line out the door.Ǿ
Chef Hilal's food is filled with flavor. Their Sunday buffet allows you to taste the most delicious options. The staff is friendly, and the times we have visited the restaurant is filled with families. The setting is as basic as it gets, but with food this good, who needs more?Ǿ
If you love Indian food, but you're looking to change it up, this is your place.  Everything we had was delicious.  It may sound boring, but order the samosas... the pastry is so perfect on these.  Loved the vegetarian options. Only negative I'd say is that the grease level was a little too much for me, but not enough to dock any stars. The flavor of their dishes is spot on... so well seasoned, and that's what counts for me. This place is definitely going to be in our regular rotation.Ǿ
Went for dinner and got vegetable samosas, paneer Tikka masala, aloo gobi, rice and garlic naan.  At most Indian restaurants that would set you back at least 40$ but it only cost us 25$!!

The samosas were awesome. The pastry was light and airy and the filling was delicious, but the best part was the green dipping sauce it came with. So. Good.

I was a bit disappointed with the tikka masala it was pretty oily and very tomatoey.  I like it to be creamier and a little sweet. The aloo gobi was good but could have used a bit more spice.Ǿ
awesome food! clean and quick service! whomever the chef is she /he deserves a major shoutout! i am cook myself and i can taste this food is made with love and care.. like moms or grandmas cook. not too greasy ... not  unhealthy food colors.. they make everything from scratch i believe. we ordered samosa and tasted like homemade... not frozen one. also we ordered paya .. i could taste that its  cooked overnight.. like home. 5 star lllǾ
Best lunch spot in phoenix.  I was referred by a business associate and now I have to stop here whenever I'm in the area.  Great food, service, and pride in ownership.  Highly recommend any chicken or lamb dish.Ǿ
I found this place a year ago. I love the mantoo. I've liked all the dishes I've tried except the heavier spiced ones. But I'm a wimp and the spice was too strong for me. Next time, I'm going to see if they will do half spice. The meals are very filling and heat up well the next day. I've dined in and had to-go. The to-go is always secure and I don't worry about spills. 

Try this place and then walk Zam-Zam store next door.Ǿ
Loved the low-key, culturally rich hot spot which was packed at sunset during Ramadan. The buffet was ample, and every selection was just full of flavor. Meats were tender and moist. Their homemade naan was the best. Made a bowl of yogurt, fresh chopped cilantro, and a coriander-mint chutney to dip breads and put on foods and we consumed two bowls of it. The staff took great care of us. As it was sundown at Ramadan, every table was full of families breaking their fast. We were the only caucasian people and felt blessed to be sharing this meal among so much culture. While it's not fancy at all - a hole in the wall basically with plain floors and tables, no decor to speak of, the FOOD WAS PERFECT. Would definitely go again. I highly recommend going at sunset during Ramadan and feel the experience as well as taste the food.  Closes pretty early but they were staying longer for the crowd. Buffet was the only option on this Sunday night and it was $14 per.Ǿ
I would recommend the Chicken Bihari Kebab and Chicken Malai Boti. Love the Halwa!Ǿ
I'm shocked by the positive reviews. Ordered take out and the man answering the phone acted like he had never taken an order in his life. Towards the end of the conversation he abruptly hung up without asking my name, phone number, or telling me when to pick up. Thinking we were disconnected prematurely, I called back. He seemed testy. When I arrived 15 minutes later the same dude was caught off guard and had forgotten my order. He scrambled to the kitchen. While waiting, I sat down and the patrons eyed me lasciviously. I have never before wanted to hide in a burka, so that was a first. Onto the food! The sag paneer was drowning in oil. I had to throw it out. I ate the chicken tikka masala because I was realllllly hungry, but each bite was disappointingly oily and chewy. The naan was ok, not particularly good or bad, but thankfully not loaded with oil. Bleh.Ǿ
Lamb is such a treat for me and I'm always on the lookout for places that prepares this well. Thank goodness, then, that I was able to try this gem of a restaurant - kind of a hidden gem, actually, since it is at the far corner of the commercial space fronted by Zam Zam World Foods on 40th Street near McDowell. From outside it looks smaller than it really is; inside there is more than ample seating/dining space. The friendly staff is very efficient and on the two occasions that I have been able to try this place so far, food came out in a relatively short time after ordering. The lamb shank I had on the first visit was delicious and fall-off-the-bone tender, and the vegetable samosas I ordered with it were some of the best samosas I've ever had.  On the second visit I tried the lamb kebabs and was equally impressed by the flavors of the dish. Both times the entree was served on a bed of kabli pulao (the Afghani national dish of rice with carrots and raisins) and a side of cucumber salad which perfectly complemented the meat. There are so many more items on the menu that I'd like to try so repeat visits are definitely in order. At peak hours you may have to park on the street as parking is limited in the commercial space in which this restaurant is found.Ǿ
I love Indian cuisine... I try to have it anywhere I go. This place our new found friend swears by offer a buffet every Sunday. Its located in a quaint little corner beside an Indian convenient store owned by the same couple in the restaurant. The family was accommodating and treats everyone like family member. Everything was nice and yummy! I will go back!Ǿ
Not great but definitely very good. We have come there since it has opened.  The prices are fair and reasonable.  There are some dishes for Western tastes and they also make the REAL stuff if you ask. This isn't the usual coconut saturated Bangladeshi food called Indian. It is Pakistani, good stuff, with Afghanistani food as well. Much is surprisingly mild in taste. Ask the owner for advice.  

The atmosphere is pleasant and they also have a nice luncheon buffet.

If you want a family meal in a place that doesn't serve alcohol this is a really good choice.Ǿ
We ordered take out via the Amazon delivery service so we didn't actually visit the place but our food was so yummy. Fresh, healthy and big portions. We will be ordering again!!Ǿ
HANDS DOWN THE BEST RESTAURANT AROUND TOWN you gotta try the food definitely some of the best tasting food. Personally I love the  BEEF NAHARI best tasting beef and right spicesǾ
Juicy food. Got the mixed platter and the chicken tikki masala. Amazing!

My name is Punjab and I approve of this message.Ǿ
Sunday buffet rocks. It's my all time favorite. Overall very good food. You can easily trust on quality of the food. The owner is a polite and generous lady. Excellent customer service. A straight five star they deserve.Ǿ
I visited this place on a Sunday, a very busy day because of an all-day buffet.  Almost everything was delicious on the buffet table! The sweets, not so many selections only a couple.  Service was also good.  It does get very hot inside though. 

Would eat here again for sure! Not bad, and a lot better than most South Asian restaurants.Ǿ
Best food ever every thing is so yummy and so fresh the staff the ambiance and above al the food this place deserves recognitionǾ
This place is the real deal! My wife and I went and redeemed our one free samosa with a good old fashioned Yelp check-in, which was really good, and we shared some chicken tikka masala- shizz was de-lish! It was plenty of food for the both of us, and it came with rice. We got some garlic naan on the side which completed a full revolution of an Indian foodgasm. 

The people there were super nice, and Muhammad is the man and will take good care of you. The only thing they were missing was some background music. I was hesitant to even talk much because the whole restaurant would have been a part of my convo, but music would easily change that. 

Next time I go I'm definitely gonna branch out and try the Afghani stuff!Ǿ
Another one of those places that surprise in just the right way!  Tahoora Grill has been on my Yelp bucket list for sometime now, the rub is that it is too far from home.  My husband who is a conformed Yelpist, found Hilal Grill one night when I was actually on my way home from work in Tempe, took me minutes to get there, easy to find, parking a bit tight but no biggie.
When I arrived II was delighted to find out that I would be able to check of another Phoenix area establishment off my list, formerly know as Tahoora Grill.

The atmosphere is super casual, not a lot to look at yet not ugly either. The servers seemed to be in the weeds a lot even though the place was only half full, they did have a lot of to-go orders and only two guys serving/taking orders. 

The food was beyond amazing!!!  Growing up 1st generation American Indian, I do consider myself a semi-expert on food from the Northern region of India.  Since we eat Indian food on a regular basis and have hit almost every Indian dining spot in the valley, I have been wanting to try something a bit different. Hilal hit the spot!  We ordered Chicken Tikka Masala which had more of a tomato base sauce than we are used to, very nice change.  The chicken itself was so flavorful, perfectly cooked unlike some Tikka Masala's that are just cubes of unseasoned chicken thrown into a sauce, those tend to dry out easily and taste bland.  We also ordered a Persian eggplant dish that blew us away!  As other Yelper's mention, the bread is definitely some good stuff to soak up all the yumminess on your plate.

Additionally, when we asked about a vegetable dish to complement our chicken, the server called on the chef to help us decide.  Such a nice personal touch and beyond helpful.  When we were leaving the other half of this ownership thanked us and took the time to ask us about our experience, his invite to return was exceedingly warm and friendly, like a family member inviting you into their home for dinner.

Thank you very much, we gladly accept and hope to see you soon!Ǿ
We found this restaurant accidentally... looking for a new place on the way back from the airport. Wow! We were blown away by the quality of the food. We had the chicken Tikka, and also tried several of the yummy vegetable dishes. They have an amazing clay oven.  Everything we ate was entirely delicious, the flavors distinctive, and perfectly cooked. We've now returned at least six or more times, and the food is consistently fresh and excellent. There's no atmosphere to speak of, no alcohol, but there are tables and servers, and the owners are justifiably proud of their cuisine. Don't expect fast, as most items are cooked to order.Ǿ
This place follows all of the rules of how to find exceptional ethnic food. You'll find this sneaky little spot in an unassuming building with very little signage. Inside, you'll find the floorplan modestly but tastefully decorated and packed with Benghali, Pakistani and Afghani Phonecians.

The buffet is amazing. The vegetarian dishes have more robust flavors than I typically encounter, even within East Indian and Middle Eastern cuisines. The saag paneer is a total winner. I'm typically turned off by saag and palak paneer dishes because they're too soupy and creamy, but here it's completely different. The same goes for the chana masala. 

If you're a meat eater, you won't be disappointed. They have chicken tikka as well as a great selection of goat, chicken and beef simmered in characteristic sauces. 

The price for the dinner buffet is also exceptionally reasonable. While it seems only regular-reasonable at first blush, your drink and naan are included.

I wrote this review, and now I want to go to there...Ǿ
I got my beau hooked up to this place and now he dreams about butter chicken and  drags me here. We have been so busy eating yummilicious food that we forget to take pictures or post review everytime. Today also we forgot to take pictures of samosa and spring rolls, but the order of shrimp karahi and tandoori paratha was awesome and my beau just loved his regular butter chicken and garlic naan.Ǿ
Really good and authentic. Stopped for the first time tonight and got the chicken handi, naan and rice to take home. Added a salad once we unpacked everything at home, and it was a near perfect meal. 

First, Indian / Pakistani / Afghan takeout can be tricky and messy. They started right by putting everything in proper spill proof containers and wrapping plastic to keep it hot and fresh. And it was. 

Also really delicious. The handi was perfectly cooked and spiced. The naan was fresh, soft and tasty. The rice was neither dry nor sticky. 

Worth the visit.Ǿ
The food is amazing. Authentic taste and very friendly service. They have buffet every Sunday (all day) and Friday lunch. The buffet is worth every penny with many meat choices and include soda. After discovering this place, we have been here at least once a week.Ǿ
The favors were absolutely outstanding! We had a curry as well as eggplant dish and both were just what we were looking for. My boyfriend and I agreed that the eggplant was the best prepared eggplant dish that either of us had ever had. The service was very friendly and prompt. We'll be back!Ǿ
I've had outstanding food here every time I've ordered... I've only done take-out but I'll be in soon to try Sunday Brunch and the buffet.  Seasonings are on point - fresh ingredients and bright flavors.  Portions are large so I usually get at least two meals out of one takeout order.  Love!Ǿ
The best Pakistani food in the valley. Try their Chicken Karahi or NihariǾ
By far it is our favorite place in the valley, everything taste perfect from chicken handi/bote/bote Malay to crispy nan garlic nan. Great restaurantǾ
Our family goes there almost every Sunday for buffet.Food quality is unbeatable.
Customer service and atmosphere/decor is average.Restrooms are dirty. despite all this we still go there to eat authentic food at a very descent price.Ǿ
This place made me so sad, all of my adult life I thought I knew what good Indian food was. I went here yesterday and had the buffet that they offer on Sunday. It was amazing, delicious flavors, robust well developed sauces and properly cooked proteins. For a buffet it was 7 stars for sure. After we left my wife said she could not wait to go back and order off the menu, if a buffet can be that good then food made to order must be to die for. We had so many different dishes but the two that just floored me were the butter chicken and chana masala both are dishes that I have made professionally and personally and they were light years better than mine I was humbled :)Ǿ
So disappointed in this place all the wonderful reviews , today was my first and last time here found a hair in my food. Overpriced.Ǿ
Frequently come here on Sunday for the buffet. Great options, fresh food, and authentic. If there in Sunday also ask for an order of puri which goes great with the Chana. Enjoy!Ǿ
This place is phenomenal. Time I'm in town I'm coming back. The chicken bihaki was perfect.Ǿ
I have been searching for a good Indian restaurant for months. And we found it! This is probably the best Indian food we've ever had. I highly recommend it. We've never eaten in the restaurant only taken home, this place is amazing. Try it! Particularly love the chicken Haandi!!Ǿ
A colleague introduced me to this gem of a restaurant.  This is our 3rd time coming and we are always pleased with the food and service.  I love the channa masala and gulpi here, and I'm a meat lover, so these veggie dishes are very satisfying. I have tried masala closer to me in Mesa and I have yet to find anything better.  Worth the trip to Phoenix.  It's close to the airport so if you're visiting and have had your fill of Mexican food, stop in and delight your taste buds.