Okay so first of all you want $15 an hour?? For what so you can still mess up my order? First off I asked for no whip cream on my shake and then they put whip cream. Second I asked for my gr chicken Sandwich with only mayo. I get home they put no mayo and added lettuce and tomato. Then on my boyfriends burger he asked for no pickels and they put pickels on there... Are you serious? How hard is it to get an order right?Ǿ
Only been here for breakfast, I feel drive thru it's much faster than the mcdonalds across the street.Ǿ
The service was O.K., but a little bit slow. The lettuce was wilted and soggy on the burger, and they just raised their prices back up again. I guess they think the slump in the economy is over. Glad that somebody is doing better!Ǿ
Worst customer service ever !!! The pm manager is the rudest one !! Can this location get 0 stars ?????Ǿ
WORST LOCATION EVER !!! I WILL NEVER GO THERE AGAIN EVERN IF ITS 1 MIN AWAY FROM MY HOUSE. WE WENT TO EAT LATE ABOUT 9:45 not knowing they closed the lobby at 10pm the manager took our order with no friendly customer service what so over "let that slide" as we began to ate me and a group of friends (6) as soon as it turns 10 pm she turned off the lights and the soda machine while we were still in their eating !!!! And when i let her know that it was rude to turn them back on she said they turn off automatically i cant do nothing so i let it go as we were finishing off eating in the dark the cooks comes and says you guys need to get out already its enough so my friends says ok 2 more min we are finishing up then the rude cook says no get out now you guys can get out good or bad either way im taking you guys out !!! So he proceded to stare us down and said he was calling the cops so unnecessary all we asked was for 2 min !!! Point is we all want to close at a certain time but i would have appreciated them to let us know before we were buying food so we can take it to go or instead of shutting the lights letting us know and being nice about it ! Oh and one more thing Horrible management to shes rude to her employees two !!  As we were eating she was snapping her fingers at two pore employees that looked miserable !!! Shes so rude ! Point is burgerking you lost 6 customers for life ... And i will mention this to my neighbors that also live across the street from this location!!Ǿ
I'm currently in the drive thru lane waiting, 10 minutes now and counting. Horrible. I should have settled for McDonald's across the street. -.-Ǿ
There was a paperclip in my Whopper. that I bit into. They gave me a refund for my full purchase after I drove back there but I don't understand how it is possible to have an office supply in my food. I'm thoroughly disgusted. My tooth and tongue hurt from biting into it.Ǿ
This weeks award for the least amount of stars goes to this location. 3 whoppers w/cheese ordered - 2 no onions and the other no ketchup. Should be simple...... Pleasant girl at the drive-through window. Pulled out onto the road and when I open the bosses whopper it was all wrong. The boss is me of course. No mayonnaise, it's got ketchup and no cheese. Did a little U-turn and drove back to the location to get this catastrophe fixed. The nice guy that I am, i gave the girl at the counter my receipt and kindly explained to her I had no cheese no mayonnaise the plenty of ketchup that I didn't want. The order was initially taken correctly so cooks mistake here. Girl at the counter had to explain my order twice to the cook so I'm not sure their level of education but they didn't graduate from Burger King university yet I can guarantee that! Jumped in the van and started heading towards my job, grabbed out that fresh, hopefully made to order whopper and found myself sadly disappointed. Still missing the cheese! Grrrrr 
I wish I had time to go back for a third hello but time is money so I must enjoy my cheeseless whopper. Sad is meǾ
I thought the service was decent up until I sat down to eat. There was quite some customers waiting in line to take the order when the manager starts yelling at her cashiers and cooks. She was telling them that they weren't gonna do something again and she said "I'll make sure you guys don't do it again". What I'm upset about is that she could have talked to them in the back instead of yelling it out loud in front of customers, if I was an employee I would be pretty embarrassed and upset. That was just terrible.