Came here after a long day at work and it was a treat.  I really didn't know what to expect other than the fact that earlier in the day, I was looking at their business hours and it was listed... with the qualification of "or until the dough runs out".  Made me excited cause 1) tells me they make their dough fresh and 2) there's a little gambling done the later and later you decide to come here for dinner.  Never-the-less... they had dough when we got there.

Most of the signature pizzas look/sound tasty.  We tried the Pistacchio and the Napoletana along with the arugula salad. We also ordered a large Raffaele to take home for later.... the pizza was delicious!  The dough recipe is on the table numbers you take for the servers to find you and bring your pizza when it's ready.... 00 Flour, Sea Salt, Water, and fresh yeast.  Keeping it simple along with their wood-fired oven makes for a nice experience.  

There's a self-serve table that has the Parmesan, fresh red pepper flakes, spicy oil, and olive oil to dip the crust in.  Also some of the above that are individually packaged if you are taking your pizza to-go.

The vibe is pretty relaxed.  Wood tables with industrial chairs.  I like the contrast of the white kitchen to the darker dining room surfaces.  A nice outdoor eating area with a large tree for shade and definitely a nice spot since you can be seen on the patio off of Park Rd.

I was excited to see that YogaOne has opened their space upstairs and that Green Brothers are coming soon to this small little strip complex.  Jury is still out regarding the the parking lot.  They added some spaces to the left of the Food Lion, but I have a feeling with all the new tenants, parking may become an issue.笑
Easily the best pizza in charlotte. Service was fast. Pizza was delicious. Everything was so fresh. Good beer specials.笑
The most delicious pizza! I've tried 4 different pies and they're all equally good. Can't wait to go back. Gelato is fantastic. Customer service is excellent too.笑
It's fine, but pretty boring pizza.  The door is ok, wood firing it adds some flavor.  The sauce is very boring though. Cheese is ok.  The sausage was not Italian by any means, very bland.  

The staff is pretty friendly though.  Service was good, and the manager talked to us and said if you don't love this pizza I'll buy it for you.  Claiming it was as good of a pie as you'd get in Italy.  When he came back and asked my wife and I "didn't I tell you?" But got both of us going "eh."   

I didn't let him buy the overpriced pizza though, it wasn't terrible, we ate it.  But it just wasn't anything like what you get in Italy, let alone as tasty as wolfman used to be.  It's like trucraft pizza, it's fine, trendy but expensive for a boring meal.

He got us a cannoli, which was pretty tasty.  The place is nice inside, but I honestly don't get the rave.  It's nothing but plain Jane pizza.  If I'm paying that kind of money I expect great pizza, not eh.笑
The new dilworth location is amazing!!! Peter is awesome and is always so accommodating! The pizza tastes like a slice of Italy and the atmosphere is unbeatable. This is the BEST PIZZA IN CHARLOTTE! The patio/outside area is super dog friendly and perfect for a date night or family outing! Definitely recommend going to either location although the dilworth location has the best outside patio!! Come here for great pizza, people & service!!笑
This place was recommended by a friend. Sampling the capriccosa, diabolical, and Maria pizzas....wow...each had its unique flavor and did not disappoint. The service was quick, dough was some of the best I've had in Charlotte. Finished the meal off with Cherry Gelato and a chocolate chip cannoli. I will recommend this place to all my friends and come back for more. Family style seating, loud because of how busy it is, but definitely a great spot.笑
Great pizza, convenient location, and friendly service
This place is awesome - we've had a few pizzas from here now. The other local pizza places are in trouble because this joint is awesome. Diavola is my favorite pizza so far - nice and spicy but not overkill.笑
I wanted to like this place but I can't see myself going there again.  It's expensive 'gourmet' pizza that isn't mind blowing, the dough had a nice texture but was flavorless, the toppings just kind of blended together into a boring pie, and the sauce is pretty watery.  It feels like most of what you're paying for is pretentiousness.  The pizza I got was not bad, but not worth the $$$ for only a 14" pizza. 

I was going to call in an order to pick up and the person on the phone  informed me that they don't do call in orders because their pizzas only take 90 seconds to cook.  Fair enough, I figured I'd just drive down and be in and out in 5 minutes.  When I got there it wasn't too busy, walked right up to the counter without having to wait, I placed my order and the guy said something about not slicing the pizza because of 'maintaining it's integrity' or some such nonsense.  I then waited for over 20 minutes despite customers being out numbered by employees 2 to 1.  Seriously! That is exactly why I wanted to call ahead, so I wouldn't have to wait around.   If I had payed $15 for the pizza I'd say it was totally worth putting up with the pretention, but for a $25 pizza it was, meh.笑
Hands down the best pizza in Charlotte. We use to frequent their original location after my sons soccer practice and instantly fell in love. I can't remember what it was called but there is a pizza with no sauce but has cherry tomatoes in place of sauce. I don't know how they do it, maybe it is their high temperature oven but those tomatoes burst in your mouth with such flavor you aren't even finished your first slice and you're already reaching for another. My daughter not only begs to go to inizios every chance she gets she also has asked on multiple occasions if she can have her birthday party there. Needless to say this place will forever hit the spot笑
Anyone who gives this place less than 5 stars has no soul.   This place takes pizza so seriously that they won't even let you call in an order ahead of time because it would ruin the integrity of the pizza.  What!?  I hear they rush deliver this sh*t from Venice via a jet powered gondola.  But, that's just what my sources tell me.笑
Pizza starts with the dough and they are spot on.  With great dough you can practically put anything on it to make a great pizza - I'm thinking, less is more.  Pick a few fresh, quality ingredients to top off and you're good to go.  I think Inizio gets this.  They proudly provide a bit of that great pizza dough base as a bread side with their salads.  Speaking of salads, their arugula salad follows this approach - a few quality ingredients combined to make a refreshing, flavorful salad.  Service was great.  Keep it going.笑
There are no words. I could eat this pizza every day of my life. Get the pistachio pesto pizza. It will change your life. Staff is beyond friendly, atmosphere is perfect, and the new location is great! The patio is also awesome and situated right under a huge tree with some good shade.

Do yourself a favor and go here. Like now. Thank me later.笑
Perfect blend of cheese, dough and sauce. Exceptional cheese, tasty EVOO side, and wonderful spicy peppers. Perfectly cooked in a friendly atmosphere. Hubs and I had a great lunch out.笑
Hands down, best pizza in Charlotte. The pistachio pesto pizza is the thing that dreams are made of! I've so far tried four different pizzas and they are all amazing!笑
Great atmosphere and outdoor space looks awesome too - too hot tonight to sit outside.  The service was excellent and very friendly.  There was a line to order when I left 7:00 pm - but as they become more proficient at the order desk - i'm sure the lines will recede.  The pizza was amazing!  The crust was sublime and the flavor was awesome.  I look forward to trying all their intriguing combinations! I give four stars for these reasons:  the toppings were so skimpy almost comical.  The pancetta was diced in tiny, tiny pieces and there was literally only 2 or three tiny pieces on each slice.  As I said the flavor was fantastic - but a little more generosity on the toppings would be appreciated.  The only other issue to note is - the restaurant was incredibly loud.  Lots of families - but the acoustics were not conducive to intimate conversation.笑
The pizza ingredients are all very tasty; however the pie itself can be a floppy mess when you lift a slice. I'm all about some quick wood-fired pizza but it seems like they're not able to get a firm base/crust underneath which leads to everything sliding off. I don't know if soggy is the right term but they need to figure out how to get a more stable crust underneath to keep all those toppings in place! 

That being said, the service was excellent, pizza tasted great, and the atmosphere can't be beat!笑
Fantastic pizza and really nice people that work here! 

So, you order in line and the servers bring your meal to you. The best thing is that if you want more food or beverages while seated inside or out, the servers take care you from the comfort of your seat. All you do is swipe your card and walla, they bring your order to you when it's ready. 

·Bianca Pizza- Absolutely delicious!!!! I ordered the small to test it out and share it with my friend. Turned out to be big enough for the both of us! Nice portions! 

Will definitely be back for more!!!笑
Really good wood fired pizza, great service. They even bring you beers to your table so you don't have to wait in line again.  12" and 16" pies, with a good selection of toppings. 

They did a good job redoing the building as well. Really paid attention to details and ambiance. 

The only drawback is parking is kind of a pain, since you have to park at the Food Lion.笑
This is by far the best pizza place in Charlotte! I ordered the Diovola pizza which is the perfect mixture of amazing dough, fresh crushed tomatoes and fantastic Italian meats. And on top of all of that are some spicy but delicious red peppers!

Don't be afraid of the line out the door. Their wood fired ovens don't take any time at all to perfectly cook the pizza. With probably 20 people ahead of us in line, we were eating pizza perfection in about 15 minutes!

The dough will work slightly charred on the outside but it is perfectly chewy inside. It's the Italian pizza way!笑
Went on opening evening and had the NAPOLETANA (Anchovy, Kalamata Olives, San Marzano Tomato Sauce, Buffalo Mozzarella, Basil).  The pizza was very good.  It didn't have as much crunch as I thought it would and it was impossible to pick up a whole piece because it was pretty floppy :)  despite its floppiness it was still very good. The ingredients were definitely fresh and high quality. 

There were 2 negatives at this new restaurant:
1.  The payment system uses an insecure swiping mechanism to get your credit card number.  It's really surprising that a new restaurant wouldn't have purchased an up-to-date purchasing system to keep its customers credit cards safe.  They ideally should have NFC reader for contactless payment (such as Apple Pay & nfc cards) but at a minimum, they should have chip readers to use instead of insecure magnetic swipe.  

2. They didn't have iced tea :(  That was very strange. Your only options were bottled drinks and water.  If one thing will reduce the frequency of my visits here, it's that I can't have iced tea with my meal. Maybe I'll go by the Chick-fil-A drive-thru and pick up a large tea before my next visit.