Je déteste ce McDonald! A chaque que j'y vais le service est plus que déplorable, il est lamentable! Les employés ont l'air énervés et parlent presque mal aux clients et quand on a le malheur de leur poser une question (« Quelles sauces il y a avec les croquettes de poulet? ») on est à deux doigts de se faire mordre!!!! Et je ne parle pas seulement d'une fois ou deux, non je dis bien A CHAQUE FOIS! 
Sûrement le pire McDonald du monde en termes d'ambiance!笑
It's the closest Mickey D's to where I am. Sadly, it's like most American McDonalds locations...bums at the door who hope that by them holding the door open for you, you will give them spare change and mostly colored folk working the cash registers. It's more expensive than in the States, as most things seem to be here in Canada. What it costs me for a hamburger, fries, and a soda in the U.S is almost a full dollar or more here. It gets crowded at night and there are of course the local kids who come in to order food and or just use the bathroom. The ketchup dispenser isn't always full.笑
Typical McDonalds - they're confused as hell when you ask for plain eggs. Small, slow and dirty. 20 minutes later and still no scrambled eggs. They come pre-mixed in a container. They're literally to stupid to know how to do that. Actual experiece.笑
It's a McD's that's open (I believe) 24 hours... that should be all the review you need to know what to expect.  

There's always a few homeless hanging around the door, as well as a bunch more that will sleep at tables inside during the later hours.

The only time I've gone here was late night, for a mid-drinking pit stop.  Which is all McDonald's food is really good for, in my opinion.  Laying down a base for the booze.

The staff is about average for a McD's... which is to say, less then agreeable.  But in the 90 seconds it takes to spit out, "Medium Big Mac meal, Sprite no ice."  Who really cares about customer service?  They're probably making less then decent money, working crap hours and dealing with every form of pain-in-the-ass under the sun.  They get a pass if they're a bit grumpy.

One night after getting our food and sitting down, me and my friends were joined by a uninvited girl that was clearly tweaking on something.  But she wasn't doing anything but telling us stories about how the government abducted here and implanted a tracking chip in her head.  To 3 drunks that were there just to shovel greasy burgers down our throats, she was more then welcome entertainment.

But that gives you the idea of the type of atmosphere you'll find in the late night hours in this joint.笑
My son likes McDonalds for some reason...I think they are the devil but wanted to make him happy. 
They didnt have any toys for the kids meal yet didnt compensate us in any way. Gave us the meal in a bag not in the kids box and even didnt offer us try or ketchup. I had to go ask...I mean if you assume we want it to go and put it in a bumag at leat throw in a few ketchup bags...
The only good think about this place is that my son has the worst sense of taste so he enjoyed it. I never want to return to any McDonalds but if I have to it wont be this one.笑
Homeless Pit
The restaurant is as dirty as the streets
I got sick after eating at this McDonalds - Beware
They don't give you free refills 
The tables smelled swampy
The wireless internet didn't work笑
Arrived at 3:55 am and ordered our stuff. Debit card wasn't accepted so went off looking for an ATM. Arrived back at 4:05 am only to hear that they suddenly changed available menus to 'breakfast only'. Personnel couldn't do anything without manager. Instead, he recommended us a place nearby that was able to sell us hamburgers. A McDonalds that can't sell hamburgers to customers? Unheard of. Not visiting ever again.笑
Alors déjà que je n'aime pas le McDo, je ne vais pas tellement être objective dans ce commentaire. Néanmoins, tous les avis sur les commerces sont bons, non?!
Côté nourriture, c'est gras, c'est lourd à digérer, c'est sucré. Quand j'accompagne quelqu'un y aller, ce que je vais prendre c'est un café et dans un cas de grande faim, je vais prendre un muffin (fruit&fibre). Mais on sent parfaitement l'aspect industriel et non cuisiné maison. ça c'est sûr!
Concernant le service... Hum hum, attendez que je me gratte la gorge... Les gens n'ont pas l'air épanoui du tout. En même temps, que voulez-vous c'est un fast-food et qui dit fast-food dit service rapide. Ce n'est donc pas là qu'on va pouvoir débattre avec un serveur, en quelque sorte. Donc si vous réussissez à obtenir le sourire d'un employé au guichet de commande est bien ce ne sera que bref. Je ne veux pas vous donner de faux espoirs, vous qui n'êtes pas encore aller au McDo (même si ça devient rare, tout le monde y a mis les pieds au moins une fois dans sa vie, je crois bien). Le cas échéant, ne vous y précipitez pas. Il y a tellement de belles et bonnes places à Montréal. Ce ne serait qu'un gachi d'aller directement au McDo une fois les pieds mis dans la métropole.笑
There are a lot of homeless people, but I don't mind... I'm actually inspired by the owners kindness. It gets really cold in Montreal. Anyways...

The food is McDonald's... that's what it is. Service can at times be downright bad though... I remember one time I went in and I could not understand the girl behind the counter... I figured that she could not understand English and so switched to French... she couldn't understand that either so we got into a menu pointing game...

But other than that .. again it's Mc'donalds.. the food taste... like all the other ones.笑
Ahhh...The smell of urine as you walk through the front door to get your morning cup of coffee from this Macca (McD's) is what wakes you up first - not the coffee!

It's prone to homeless people with always having a pan handler outside asking for change. 

I tend to make this my breakfast stop - so the staff here tend to be quick and very friendly. Rarely do they mix up orders.

The new line of coffees from the McCafe are great. Love the Mocca.笑
I understand it is not a fine dinning restaurant but when I get bad customer service from the manager herself, that's terrible. She was wearing a different uniform, she is May be the team leader or the manager. I went there in the morning just to get some coffee. She was behind the cash, busy texting on her phone while taking my order and she had me repeat what I want because clearly she was not paying attention. I found that a bit too much. One more thing, every other staff I saw there was wearing a hair net except for her which is not hygienic. I would never order food at that location.笑
The service are always slow, and sometimes rude (well it's McDonald's, but I've seen better). The only thing that bothers me is that they cannot execute an order without any flaws, I asked for extra onions and bacon and no pickles for my burger, and paid the extra costs, however all I got was one slice of bacon and... bunch of pickles.

I've come to this place too much, and recently I've discovered another McDonald's in Eaton Centre, I'd suggest that place over here because I cannot see how can it get worse than this.