ate there for the first time, never likes something so much to actually write a review but it was awesome!Ǿ
You know when you see an old friend that you actually wished you had stayed connected with? He's here, behind the counter, smiling and taking your order. Great food! Great prices! Great people! Bring cash.Ǿ
This location was my first experience with the Two Hippies restaurants, and it makes me want to try all of the other Two Hippies establishments.  I can walk there from work and I eat there all the time.  It's not fancy, but the food is really inexpensive and I find it very tasty.  The hot dogs ($3.50-$4) are particularly good - they come on large hoagie buns and are covered with generous amounts of toppings.  My favorite is the #9 hot dog with onions, peppers, tomatoes, cheese and guacamole.  Burgers ($6) are good too - juicy with flavorful toppings.  And, the staff are super friendly which makes a trip there all the more pleasant.Ǿ
Just discovered Two Hippies in Old Town and was so excited. Their fish tacos were amazing. Also, the homemade chips and guac was SO good. I ordered a cranberry flavored lemonade and it was so refreshing on a hot AZ day. Super excited to have this spot in my backyard!Ǿ
For a while now I saw these two hippie joints popping up all over. I decided to give one a try. We went for lunch. 

I ordered the 3 taco pack for $5 and a hot dog and fries for $4. I really enjoyed the hot dog and the tacos were... ok. The tacos are typical street style tacos on flour tortillas. Beware the lime slice that they throw in every taco, it was a awful surprise i wasn't expecting.. The beans that they threw in the taco were slightly under cooked so they were a little hard. 

The hot dog was on a toasted bun which was good, the all beef hot dog had great flavor and they pilled the cheese and bacon on the top of it (I ordered the bacon, cheese and tomato hot dog). 

I would go back but I will probably stay away from the tacos and just go with the hot dog. 

My search for great tacos continues... 

Hot dog, maybe not...Ǿ
I was anxious to try this place because I heard such great things, but boy was I wrong.  I ordered delivery...just a simple hot dog, onion rings, and tacos.  Not only did they take an hour and a half to deliver the food but then I was lectured because I didn't have cash to tip them (you know, because all other delivery places I've ordered from allow to tip on the card you pay with).  She was rude and almost refused to give me the food because I didn't have cash tip.  Then, when I actually tasted the food, I was even more disappointed.  The hot dog was ok but the bun tastes like butter so that's pretty much all you can taste.  The onion rings were disgusting and we didn't even bother trying the tacos.  We went straight to Indulge burgers---better food and better service.  Skip this place for sure!Ǿ
My wife just brought home a fish taco, pretty good.  Not amazing but one of the best I have had in a while.  I don't want to set expectations too high but worth a try!Ǿ
I visited Two Hippies several months ago and was so unimpressed that I didn't even bother to Yelp about it until now during a "new restaurant" dry spell (Read: I'm broke.)  In my experience, tacos are one of the most foolproof foods around, mostly because I love them for their simplicity.  The tacos at Two Hippies were so bland that I didn't even bother to finish the second one.  My boyfriend said his carne asada burrito was decent, but I think steak just makes him happy.  I understand from recent reviews that Two Hippies is under new management.  But, I won't personally be going out of my way to try them again.Ǿ
The bf and I wanted to check this place out for a while, we had even gone once on a Sunday, but sadly it was closed. 
So we went back last week, and it was delightful. It reminds me of a little place you might find in Venice beach. We both had the three tacos. He had some kind of meat and thoroughly enjoyed it, I had the black beans. Fresh ingredients, yummy salsa, and flavored blended lemonades (try the pineapple! Mmmm), made for a great lunch.Ǿ
This place looks like its not even a restaurant but after eating the food I was pleasantly surprised.  Their burgers are delicious and so was the different flavored lemonades!  The service was great and I will definitely go back.Ǿ
Good spot. Overall, good quality of food. Good service. Even one time when they forgot my order, they bought me lunch. Good people.Ǿ
Two hippies is a cool place and I definitely recommend checking it out, but it's nothing TOO special. I did feel like the service was a little slow and the food was OK, but this was a couple months ago. I hear management has changed. I've had better and I probably won't come back, but I don't regret at least trying it.Ǿ
I went to the one in Mesa on Baseline. I loved the vibe, service, and decor. They have witty jokes on the walls and the whole place makes you feel like you are at a party on the beach. We ordered the carne asada burrito and the mushroom burger and the sweet potato fries. We got the dessert pear and blackberry lemonades. You get 1 free refill so we tried the blood orange and the guava flavors after. Everything tasted great. I would def go back and get the mushroom burger. The prices are super cheap and the portions are huge.Ǿ
This Two Hippies location has been under a new owner for about 5 weeks now.  This management has changed the ingredients in the menu and now use fresh ingredients to make their items.  Give them a try if you haven't been there recently.  Had the stoner hoagie & bacon cheese burger.  Preferred the burger to the hoagie.Ǿ
Stoner Hoagie...need I say more.  The Hippies got it right for sure!  This sandwich is off the charts deliciousness.  You ever order something and think, oh I'll just eat it in the car....not really an option here...I had to pull over.  And every morsel was a delight.  I couldn't quite decide if the toasted buttery roll was my favorite or wait maybe the feta cheese atop the mouth watering carne asada or the pesto mayo..or perhaps all of it.  I chose the potato salad for my side, and I'm ever so fortunate that I did.  They rock it...the bacon bits are just a super added bonus!!  This sandwich is ***** and then some!Ǿ
Got delivery. Girl was odd and food was disgusting. I got the Monterrey jack & pesto burger and three tacos(fish, carne & chicken) Not good at all!Ǿ
The food was good and all prepared as I waited.  Looks like a long list of wide ranging bad foods that make you feel so good!Ǿ
The Hippies thought they could fool me...the Hippies thought I wouldn't see their little trick with the profile change.

I haven't been stoned in a very long time...I pay attention!

So, since the hippies were good enough to change their Yelp profile to avoid these previous reviews, I think I'll post this one under the new profile.
________________________________________________________

A friend of mine called  and said "let's have lunch!"

He seemed so excited...and then he said "hey, buddy...there's a brand new Two Hippies near Old Town!"

I threw up in my mouth a little and said "but I don't think these Two Hippies joints are very good"

He promised this time the experience would be better!

He's a lying sack of...well, you get my drift.

I went anyway and had essentially the identical experience to my last (and I do hope this is my last) experience with the Two Hippies.

Not surprising that this place is identical...the very same franchisee operates it (in the location once occupied by the late,and not apparently lamented in the slightest, Desert Dogs and Dessert), that operates the other Two Hippies Joints that I've tried.

Two Hippies is recycling the very same thing over and over!

Oh well.

And except for the actual physical location and the fact that I had a pretty flavorless burrito instead of tacos, recycling the same review that I used before works stunningly well for this location, too!

And it's appropriate since Two Hippies seems intent on recycling their formula, ad nauseum.

Very "green" of them (except of course for the styro and plastic everything else).

Plus, I'm feeling lazy today (or green...I can't remember which).

Here is the review, for those of you still reading:

"I was out running a couple of errands last week and a friend called and suggested lunch at Two Outraged Hippies Taco's and Beach something:)

I hadn't been to a Two Hippies for a couple of years...I think it was their burger joint...that one didn't make much of an impression on me either way :-I

But I thought to myself...well, I like lunch:)

And, I like taco's:)

And I was a hippie of the first water back in my day (which, BTW, means that it's no longer "My Day", sadly:(

But I'm not thrilled by Two Hippies taco's:(

I got dos taco's...a chicken and a carne asada, along with a can of soda pop...the people taking my $5.00 cash were very nice (and they were trying to dress up like hippies or something, too!...too adorable for words:)

I didn't get fish taco's...experience (the kind gained through trial and many, many errors)...has taught me that the only place that I really like to get fish tacos, is from one of the beach palapa's in Bahia de Navidad...where the panga's pull right up on the sand...the fishermen jump out and hand the cook in the palapa a red snapper or dorado or something else with fins...they clean it, cut it up, grill it, throw some lettuce and homemade salsa on it and it's a taco about 30 minutes after it quit swimming:)

Those are pretty good fish taco's...esp. washed down with a cerveza or three:)...I don't remember the name of the place...probably "taco de playa" or something...just walk down the beach...you can't miss it:)

10 pesos each for the taco's, 25 pesos a pop for the cerveza...it's a very good deal:)...BTW, that doesn't include round-trip first class airfare or the Governors Suite at the Grand Bay:)

No beach at 5th and Camelback:(

But, I digress:)

I liked the service and the price (and I really appreciate the staff trying to look like hippies for me...really...a blast from past:)

I really didn't care for the food, itself...outrageous has a number of different connotations, depending on context...but I didn't find the taco's "outrageous" in any sense of the word:)

Although nowhere near as bad as Skip & Jan's attempt at taco's, the hippies taco's leave more than a bit to be desired...the carne asada was dry, stringy, bland, and the salsa they give you in the little plastic cups didn't really improve things.

So I tried the chicken taco and found it to be dry, stringy, bland, and the salsa they gave...!

Hey wait a minute...did they just give me two of the same thing and try to call them something different?!?!?...

That would be so like the hippies I knew back in the `60's and `70's:-)...always stoned, never quite sure what they were doing...so much fun to watch:)

But no, they gave me carne asada and chicken...the taco's just looked and tasted very much alike (the chicken was somewhat whiter, but other than that...not much difference:(

In Phoenix, a city with so many options for getting my taco fix, even the nostalgia for times long gone (and thankfully so...can you imagine a world in which all we want to do is sit around all day, get high, and make love...not war...where would we all be? :-) can't make up for these lackluster offerings:(

There are tons of better taco shop's...many of which don't even require the plane ride and hotel stay:)"Ǿ
I had the mellow mushroom burger and it was so flavorful! It also came with a ton of food.  The burger and fries were terrific, and if you get anything there, you MUST get it with the icy lemonade. You get one free refill of the icy lemonade and it is fantastic! Well worth the money and its atmosphere reflects the vibe of "two hippies" having a "beach house.'Ǿ
This place has awesome food. My husband and I went there this weekend and the sweet potato fries and cactus tacos are amazing.Ǿ
There are few places that are delicious hole in the wall chains.  In fact there really are no hole in the wall chains except Two Hippies and they do it right.  Upon entering two hippies you will see all kinds of crazy decor like a twister mat on the ceiling, chairs... on the ceiling, etc.  Your food options consist of Burgers, Hot Dogs and Tacos, where as your beverage choices consist of regular stuff like various sodas to flavored tea and lemonade.  The flavored tea and lemonade is AMAZING, the flavor in the flavored teas is so good you don't even need to add sweetener, that's impressive.  The food is equally as delicious, I had 2 tacos one was fish (not fried, baked tilapia -so good and healthier) and green beef, they have a red beef and green both are cooked with different peppers and marinades,  The green beef was amazing I'm def. looking forward to trying the red beef as well as the "cactus" taco which is just insane sounding.  Two thumbs up, bring cash though because that's all they take :)Ǿ
Stopped in for a quick lunch but it ended up taking about a half an hour to get a hot dog & fries.  The dog was good, the fries just OK.  The place was small, but clean, the menu is just burgers, dogs, a couple Mexican dishes and a bunch of different iced teas.  The service was gruff, maybe even rude.   I might stop by and try again, if I have time to kill but probably wouldn't recommend them.