I came here on 3rf of July around closing and they had run out of bread, the manager was really nice though and gave us a free sandwich on a port of subs card. I've been back in here since and must say the sandwich artist are excellent and the service is top notch.Ǿ
I work approximately a mile 1/2 from my job.  This allows me the luxury of going home for lunch.  Often I stop at Port of Subs to snag a sandwich on my way home because it is conveniently in between my home and my job.  They know me well, I can call and they know it's me, I say 'the usual.'  I have had issues with this location in the past due to people's attitudes.  Unfortunately, today was the last straw.  I called in advance (as I do about 99% of the time).  Typically by the time I get there, something is ALWAYS going on there so my food is usually not even started or the bread has barely just been cut.  Today was no different.  The guy who was working today, Miguel, is extremely rude and unprofessional.  He was chitchatting so much with the person ahead of us while paying he was taking a long time.  When it was my turn to pay I stated that it was taking way too long to which the guy started making sarcastic remarks.  I handed him my debit card and my port of sub card.  A minute later he handed me my debit card back (I assumed he charged it) then proceeded to state that it was I who took my card back and was I trying to get out of paying.  Perhaps he was joking but I was not in the mood.  I told him, well, perhaps I just need to go somewhere else and not come back here for ahwile.  To which the guy said, oh please, you'll be back.  I advised him I didn't appreciate his attitude and he told me that I would 'get over it.'  Miguel was extremely rude and unprofessional.  I called after I left and advised the manager I won't be back again.  So unfortunate because I love their subs....Have to go out of my way to go to another location when this one is right next to my house...ridiculous!!!Ǿ
I come to this location for Miguel. As a guy who works in retail, I have an utmost appreciation for someone who can start and maintain a conversation with a stranger and not make thing awkward. If I just wanted robot customer service I'd go through a competitors drive through. But he is great at breaking the mold. Service is always quick, food is always good. I love coming here. I actually debated with my wife about me coming here instead of her, because I love the atmosphere!

In short, the food is great. The people are the best.Ǿ
Stopped to pick up a dub for my son on my way home from work. I tend to prefer Port of Subs quality over Subway. Didn't have a nametag but very friendly sandwich maker. Only negative I'd say was that a foot long turkey with bacon was almost $12.Ǿ
We ordered trays for a party online. Within 30 seconds I received a phone call confirming my order and they also were nice enough to let me know that I ordered items that already came with my sandwiches. They were personal, professional, and respectful. I would order from them anytime! Thank you so much!!!Ǿ
The customer service at this location is amazing! Whenever we come to this location the staff is always very friendly, Miguel in particular is always awesome and makes me laugh every time. For the service alone this place gets 5 stars but the food is always good quality as well.Ǿ
I'd been here once before and actually had an okay experience. The second time was a complete disaster; I arrived 20 minutes before the listed closing time, and the employees rushed to the door to lock it and merely stood there expecting me to leave. That's a pretty surefire way to get me to let people know the night staff is lazy and to avoid this place if possible.Ǿ
I was coming to this location every couple of weeks for a few months. I like(d) Port of Subs and the service was always pretty good. Then I ended up getting food poisoning from this location and was the sickest I've ever been in my whole life. Can't ever do it again! From hell's heart, I stab at thee Port of Subs!Ǿ
I only continue to go to this location for the sandwiches, as the customer service is terrible. The last 2-3 times I've been in I have been ignored, or not treated as a priority as a customer. I understand that coworkers converse, but when there is only one customer, the conversations should be limited and focus should be on the person spending money. Also, each time I go in, the manager is the one that rings me up, and also ignores me most of the time I am there. Customer service can greatly be improved, although I still love their sandwiches.Ǿ
At first glance it seems to be typical sub shop, but with fancy couches and tv's, takes your sandwich experience to the next level. Top with great friendly service and a tasty sandwich, how can you lose.Ǿ
I thought this store had gotten their act together but today was the last straw. The Hispanic guy with the ponytail was ringing me and thought it was okay for him to comment on my eyebrows. Telling me one of them is perfect while the other is really uneven. Who says that to a customer? I can't believe how rude he was. Not to mention he said the girl that was in there before me had the most f*cked up eyebrows he'd ever seen. I can't imagine the other things he said to people. So disgustedǾ
I Love Port of Subs! It is an easy way to get my kids to eat Spinach. My kids also love Miguel because he is very engaging and makes them feel special. It easy to order a sandwich and goodies when they are distracted. The environment is relaxing so I tend to eat in. They have really comfy couches and big screen TV that make you want to stay a bit longer. My kids get upset if I go to another location now.Ǿ
Whenever I come in here Miguel and Tony are always up beat and have an envious amount of energy.  I have only been to this port of subs but these guys do such a good job I refuse to go to Jimmy Johns or Subway where the workers seem depressed with no energy.  These guys at least try and make an effort to make you smile and enjoy your visit.   Would recommend if you're in the mood for a fresh sub or my favorite  a roast beef and provolone wrap with mustard mayo mix, avacados peppercinis lettuce tomatoes and the good stuff.  Never let me down.Ǿ
Better than subway as far as quality of meats, bread, and vieggies.  The cost may be slightly more than subway, but I would choose Port of Subs because the food is better.  I like that the meat and cheese is sliced right when you order it.  I spent about 8 dollars on a sub, drink, and chips which isn't that bad.  If I want to go with a better option I would choose Capriotis, but I have to be willing to pay more for higher quality.  Service was pretty good and the place was clean and neat.Ǿ
This store has the best service and staff, love the sandwiches and the restaurant is very clean. Hardly any wait time in the line. 
I would recommend this shop to everyoneǾ
My sandwich was delicious, but the service is what ruined it for me. The seemingly gentleman whose name I unfortunately did not get, but his description is light skinned average height male with long brown ponytail brown eyes, somewhat heavy build who speaks unprofessionally to not only customers but his co workers as well. At first his demeanor seemed attentive and then he began to mock his co worker's competence. Followed by him not only making rude remarks to my friend I was accompanied by but also to myself in which he used unwelcomed suggestive body language and words, which he immediately apologized right after for having said because he realized he was in the wrong after having noted the most displeased look on my face. Does not change the fact that it happened, very unprofessional, he also claimed to be "the boss", which when I called to inquire about his name, I was informed he was in fact not a boss, or even a manager. Unprofessional. We will not be back.Ǿ
We ordered a platter for superbowl for a 12:30pm pick up time the next day. We happened to get there about 12pm, since we were already in the area, we just thought we would see if they we ready. They happened to be finishing up our platter when we walked in. I had already paid for it online, so it just required me picking it up. The gentleman instead walked it out to my car for me, talk about great customer service! I have been to this location several times, and always have a positive experience. The online ordering is also super convenient.Ǿ
I've been coming to this one for years. Staff is always friendly and food is always good. I came in today and as normal the staff was very friendly. I usually eat there but I took it to go today. I get home to take a bite and the bread is as hard as a crouton!! It was so hard that there is no way the person making the sandwich did not notice. It was so obvious. I'm sure he felt it cutting it and handling it. So it goes to show you there is no concern for customer service at that location. I will be hesitant to go back.Ǿ
I've always enjoyed Port of Subs, but this place needs an overhaul.  Although it was clean, my sandwich had a taste of Pine Sol or some cleaning product.  My guess is that the counter-top where they made my sandwich had been cleaned with some sort of cleaner, I ended up throwing the sandwich away....Ǿ
Matt and Vince are very attentive and genuine! This is my new Go To sandwich shop! Great atmosphere with a sense of community.Ǿ
First, I have to say I will go out of my way to go to this location. The staff are on point, as soon as you walk in the door. I pick up food here often during my lunch break for work. I will order online, and upon walking in the door, my sandwiches are made and waiting. They are made exactly to the order details. The food quality here is great, though all Port of Subs, do use better quality food. I will come back here often!Ǿ
Great staff. Occasionally visit this store and often call in before hand. Staff politely answers and takes my order with no issues. Arrive, pick up, pay my bill and off I go ...simple and easy and what more can I ask for.. Store has been in this neighborhood for years now and I have never had an issue. Parking is easy and easy access to Windmill. Never a long line and staff is very efficient and fast. Thanks guys. Your owner should be proud to have you as staff members.Ǿ
First time having port of subs ever. It was much better than the leading competitor. Friendly staff, good atmosphere, fresh ingredients.
My son is vegetarian and when I ordered his sandwich they cleaned the machine to slice the cheese. :)Ǿ
This is the best port of subs. Staff was super friendly, professional and patient. The facility, to include the restrooms, are totally clean. Thanks for the best lettuce wrap!Ǿ
I'm pretty regular here and most of the time right before they close.  The staff is always super friendly.  The food is always amazingly fresh even at closing.  The bread is amazing.  The meat and cheese is sliced when you order.  The sandwich spread (mayo/mustard) just can't be replicated I've tried and their selections can be made into salads and flatbreads which is awesome for variety. 

Try getting your sandwich stuffs on a salad sometime.  It's delish!   Who knew?!

The interior revamped recently has some super comfortable couches and chairs now that I warn if you sit too long you may never get up.  Plus some tv for entertainment while munching lunch, dinner or afternoon snacks. 

All in all this location is fast, clean, friendly and any time of day or night fresh and delicious.  

Only down-side is they close fairly early so watch your time if you are hungry and its late.  You may miss out!

Highly recommend.   See you there!!Ǿ
I'm totally disappointed. The sandwich was pretty boring. Although they get kudos for slicing the meat right in front of me. Otherwise, there's just nothing appetizing about their sandwiches.Ǿ
Came in today and felt very welcomed. Great service, the guy who made my sandwich had great customer service. Made conversation the entire time. Normally I go to the store on green valley but after this experience I'll be back for sure. 

Thanks so much for a memorable experience.Ǿ
I think that Subway is awful and this place is worse.  They have bland sandwiches and then for some reason they squish them.  I guess that is their thing, but it's not good.Ǿ
I love Port of Subs generally, but this Windmill and Pecos stands out as exceptional.  MIGUEL and TONY shine. They are models of customer service excellence and make every one of my visits special.  And they keep a sparkling clean restaurant and sandwich prep line. Thank you for the gracious upbeat service guys!