Considering I was stranded in Saguenay in the middle of winter amid feet of snow and no car, finding this place was pretty much the equivalent of hitting the jackpot. It looks like someone's house from the outside, but the inside is very nice. They supposedly had English menus at one point, but when we went it was only available in French. However the waitress was really nice and explained every single menu option to us in English. We had the shrimp pizza and the ribs. The pizza was pretty good. The ribs were incredible. Best ribs I've ever had. That's what I would recommend if I were to go there again! The beer selection was also nice and included some local beers, both of which were great!笑
La nourriture est bonne et les compositions originales. C'est par contre très très bruyant (présence de plusieurs groupes dans la salle) et le service est parfois un peu lent, notamment pour la prise de commande. Quoi qu'il en soit, cela reste une bonne expérience.笑
When our cruise ship stopped in La Baie, we weren't quite sure what there was to do, but first on our priorities was finding a place to sit and eat lunch, enjoying our last bit of French/Québécoise cuisine before heading to more anglophone environments. We were recommended to this place as having the best gastronomy in town. The restaurant is in a country-style house, and we got a lovely table on the outdoor patio. We got the table d'hôte, which included an appetizer, main course, dessert and coffee. Vince's starter was snails with cream and pastry, and mine was grilled cheese with hazelnuts and green apples. Both dishes were picture-perfect and absolutely delicious. For our main courses, Vince got mussels, and I got salmon tartare with pink peppercorns and dill seeds. This was some of the freshest tasting salmon I've ever had, and definitely much better than any sashimi I've had in recent memory. My dessert was the homemade ice de degustation: chocolate, strawberry, and blueberry sorbets, with groundcherry and blueberry garnish. Vince got the "crème brûlée of the moment," which was blueberry with maple sugar. We were also served a low alcohol ice wine to go with our desserts, and we finished up with some espresso. The location was good for people watching, and after the tourists left it was mostly just locals conversing in French and walking their dogs. It was an excellent meal, and it made us sigh, "Why, oh why do we have to leave Québec? Can't we just stay here, pleeeeease?"笑
Restaurant charmant. La nourriture y est bonne et l'ambiance au rendez-vous. Le service est impeccable et nous fait passer un bon moment. Je recommande