Coolest food experience ever! Daniel was a terrific waiter and extremely attentive and fast. Really fun! A definite must tryǾ
The service was great, the food was delicious, and the experience was very cool, but all of this should come with a disclaimer... The fact that they don't tell you what you are eating adds to the mystery, but you will most likely leave hungry and everything is vegan. The price is something I would expect from a master chef's restaurant on the strip and It just wasn't to that level of perfection. With some tweaks and maybe more options this could be a great thing for vegas, but when there is such a limited menu, any allergies or food problems cause you to either lose one of your small six courses or it is no longer as complex or flavorful.Ǿ
Love this place, had such an amazing experience. The food was absolutely delicious!! On one of the dish I was wiping off the sauce with my finger and no one on my table even knew what I was doing until mentioned it. And the funny thing was when I told my friends at the table what I was doing, one of them yelled out ME TOO! Hahaha!! What a great time.Ǿ
Such a fun date night or could be super fun group event! Food was good, but the experience was what it is all about! Customer Service was amazing. We did the 6 course dinner really good. Drinks also are delicious and the really fun part when wine gets spilled your senses are very strong so just makes you want more. Ha! So much fun I'd definitely do again.Ǿ
I remember driving by this place and thinking how I can't wait to check it out when it opens. 

Imagine how excited I was when my date surprised me by taking me here! 

At first, all I kept thinking was that show, Black Out, where one has to complete certain tasks in total darkness. As I signed the waiver, even though I was assured none would be served, I pretty much told myself I was going to eat a bunch of live bugs in the dark. 

I was very relieved that nothing I ate contained any live bugs and once I calmed my nerves (the music helped) as I'm afraid of the dark, I found myself really enjoying the whole experience. Eating in complete darkness really perks up your senses and it was fun trying to figure out what we were eating. 

I think this is one of those 'bucket list' things that everyone must experience at least once.  :)Ǿ
Wow what a trip! I've never been to a dining in the dark restaurant before this experience and really enjoyed it.

Come with a open mind and get ready to have a great time. 

Before you enter the dining area you are asked to put your phones and any light emitting objects in a personal locker. You get the key so everything will be safe. 

Your server will then slowly take you to your seat. Make sure you pay close attention to what they are saying because they are your eyes!

After you're seated you will choose something to drink and a flavor pallet for your multi course meal. While looking forward to this event I mostly focused on the eating in the dark aspect but was blown away by the food! Everything was very flavorful, fresh and fun. 

The staff was great and we really enjoyed our host. Our host/server was very friendly informative and made us feel comfortable in the dark. 

This was definitely a great experience and I can't wait to bring back some friends and family.

Blackout: Thank you for the great start to our anniversary weekend.

Tip: Bring someone that you can have a good convo with!Ǿ
What an experience..but such a great one! I went for dinner, our server Adam was fantastic and so helpful...which is rare nowadays! Dinner is a 6 course, and Lunch is 4! They change the menu every 3 months. They do have alcohol options! 

Let me just explain the process...you check in, fill out a waiver (don't freak out), then you put your items in a free locker. At that time, go to the bathroom before hand, then go back to the counter to get seated. You meet your server, they ask for any food allergies, hold each others shoulder then walk to your seat. The server helps you sit down, shows you with your hands where everything is on the table, and takes your drink order. They bring you all the courses, they cannot explain what you are eating until the end out of respect for the others eating. When you are done, they stand you up, hold each others shoulders then take you out to the room. I recommend bringing sunglasses to protect your eyes. Go get your locker stuff and check out. At that time, you can see what you were eating.

You have to come with an open mind, but omg it is so much fun!

Coming back soon!Ǿ
Wow. 
From the beginning. Wow. 
Once you enter, you put your belongings and anything that glows in the dark in lockers with a key you get to hold onto. 
I used the restroom next (just in case), and it was very clean. 
On my way out, I filled out and signed a waiver, I was asked about allergens and away we went! 
Our server, Daniel, was top notch. 
He made me feel safe, which is super important, especially when following someone and trusting them with your life through the pitch black darkness of the dining room. 
He sat us safely down, I ordered a Rachel's drink (highly recommend if you like vodka)
And away we went!
Each course was awesome and he guided us through so we wouldn't knock anything down or get too messy. 
I won't say anything more about the food. 
It's an experience. 
Your senses are heightened. 
And the experience in itself was amazing. 
I loved every aspect of it. 
You really get to just experience and appreciate good food in a whole different light. 
Go in with an open mind. And it's all uphill from there.Ǿ
I've seen dining in the dark restaurants before on tv shows and I always thought it would be so cool to experience. Well, it was definitely a very cool thing, and I'm happy I got the chance to experience it but I don't think I will be back unless there are some changes. When you first get there you check in and sign a waiver. You meet with your server (our server was amazing! I forgot his name but he had a cool mustache!) you get taken behind a curtain and explained what's about to happen. You hold each others shoulders and begin your journey into complete darkness. I wouldn't recommend wearing heels to this place. Your server seats you at your table and explains everything and where all your utensils are. Dinner is a 6 course meal and lunch is 4 courses. My friend and I did the 6 course savory meal. Each course is very small, bite size portions to be exact until you get to the last 2 items. You have no idea what you're eating and they don't tell you until after, but they do ask if you have any guesses. I do have to say, for $60 a person for a 6 course meal, I don't think was worth it at all. The food is insanely small and what you're eating is not expensive food. Another thing I didn't like was the whole menu was vegan, which they do not mention. To my understanding I thought we were gonna be tasting a little bit more expensive unique food, like steaks and seafood. Nope, you're not gonna find any of that here. I don't understand why they ask if anyone is vegan or vegetarian when it doesn't even matter because the whole menu is vegan. They should definitely make that clear because people go in with the impression they're going to be eating a filling 6 course meal. With meat. All in all it's a cool concept. If they were to add non vegan options, make the portions bigger or the price less I think it's gonna work out. But it's vegas, and you can get a hell of a lot more food anywhere around for the amount you're spending. You are paying for the experience though, which was fun.Ǿ
I am giving three stars because the waitress was very upbeat and apologetic. It was a new experience eating in the dark. Also the restrooms were very clean.

1. There is no menu. It is a surprise meant to activate your other senses. You choose between three categories. (Savory, sweet, spicy) 
-No menu seemed exciting. I took the risk, trusted the staff and left extremely disappointed. I did not hide my disappointment. My waitress apologized for 5/6 dishes because I was unhappy.
2. It should not be a secret that this is a vegan restaurant. There are only meat like items.  
-The menu can be secret, but tell people in advance the type of restaurant. I was thoroughly upset. When we first got there and asked about any conditions to be aware of, my bestie told them she is vegetarian. The girl said ok no problem we have a menu with options for you. I said I am not a vegetarian and no allergies. She said ok no problem. During the experience, I kept asking will the next course be my main meal with meat? (I actually asked for meat)  I repeated I'm not vegetarian and expressed my concern there may be confusion in the kitchen. The waitress kept saying possibly... I can't ruin the surprise...test your senses. I think that would have been a good time to tell me I am not getting meat or fish. 
3. The price...$70 per person. There was one course that I fully enjoyed. The other courses I didn't eat everything due to bland taste or certain veggies I have never enjoyed. 

I am not ok paying so much for a meal that I didn't enjoy. It's pitch black so you're  not paying for the ambiance. I expect to pay for great tasting food... whether all vegan or meat included- a price that high MUST be great tasting food. This did not cut it for me. 

I wish this new business the best of luck! It is a good concept.Ǿ
Don't fear his beard, Anthony is an amazing host here at Blackout. He help calm my wife down, and kept me from spilling food all over myself. You must request him when you come, you won't regret it. 

Ciera was also amazing. Some how she knew who we were as we walked in the door. She was extremely friendly and helpful with getting set up before dinner. 

This is the ultimate dining experience. You have never experienced something like this and you never will unless you come. Challenge your taste buds and coordination as you navigate in the dark to consume delicious and mysterious foods. You will be able to choose from sweet, savory, and spicy. 6 course meal that will keep you engaged throughout the entire time. 

Bottom line, just go. You will not be disappointed! If you are, dinner is on Yelp!Ǿ
First off, I would like to say the experience was way cool and our Server Angel was absolutely amazing. If it wasn't for her, I probably would of given this 2 stars. Why you ask? I'm still freaking hungry! For a 6 course meal, $60+ a person (not including drinks) and all vegan menu... I honestly expect more and feel slightly ripped off. If you are one for new experiences by all means try it but expect to hit up the closest McDonald drive thru after. I was so hungry after, I even told them when paying the bill... Living in Vegas, for the price I've paid I should not be this hungry and this broke (joking on the broke part).Ǿ
Cool experience!  We went with friends and we were giggling and enjoying ourselves the whole time. Eating in the dark was easier than I thought it'd be. Our waitress was great and helped us out and let us know where everything was every time a new plate was placed. I enjoyed not knowing what I was getting out in front of me. I got to eat things I would have never ordered on my own and it was a great branching out experience.  It was fun guessing what everything was or could be. Overall i have no complaints. Check it out, I guarantee it's not like any other dining experience you've ever had.  I'm sad some reviews are giving too much of the experience away as well. The whole fun of it was not to know anything. If you go expecting to eat certain things you've missed the point completely.Ǿ
Super fun. The food is amazing. Step outside your comfort zone and try Blackout. You won't be disappointed.Ǿ
I have to say I got a little freaked out initially when I was seated. Having no vision takes some getting used to.. that being said our server Willy was PHENOMENAL and I was able to relax and enjoy the full experience. It was date night for me and the boyfriend and it was a success! The food is a mystery until after you eat and was filling and flavorful. My boyfriend and I had a lot of fun guessing the dishes. Apparently we did a good job and guessed a lot of them! From beginning to end it was definitely a sensory experience to remember and all made better by a great sever! 

**Tip: if you get a little overwhelmed with the darkness, close your eyes. It feels more natural and helps adjust.. I really didn't open my eyes till the end of my meal.Ǿ
I would love to give this place a 5 start however our experience was not. We got dropped off by our lift at 8:19... our Reservation was ay 8:30 they have on record that we went back at 8:56. After the first 2 course we fine but after which we started to realize we had been there quite a while we asked for the time 3 times before after the second we were told 8:45 ( remeber they said we got there at 8:56) however once we said no way the waitress came back and told us in fact it was 10:20 alot later than she had thought. We were told dinner would take 45 to 90 min. After it took very long to get water and our 4th course where we requested to have all others prepaired now and not to wait till we were dons with this one. We realized we were the only table left in the room. We raised our hands, hollared and even yelled for someone anyone and no one was in the room. We finally had enought after a plate was neviously pushed off the table and still no one came to help . We desided to get up and try to leave our selfs when.we were finally helped out. It was 10:55pm they close at 11 and we were only on pur 4th course. We paid the full $212 for 3 people. And left the next day i called to speak to a manager and where they refunded $70 based on the fact that we didnt finish our last two courses. They argued that the time that we had experience even at 9pm to 11pm that is 2 hours not 1.5 and we still had 2 courses left. HOWEVER that is not my biggest consern. My consern is you trust them to keep you safe as you are completely vulnerable in the dark and yet there was no one in the room with us for at least 20 min. We had no way of calling them but yelling and they still didnt come. One of my friends that was with us is very much afraid of the dark and once we realized we were alone. We were all un easy exspecially her. We felt very taken advantage of and disrespected by the responce we got. I suggest a policy change where someone is in the room at all times. It is irrisponsable and dangerous for there not to be. Go at your own risk if there is not a policy change.Ǿ
Incredible experience! My husband and I went for lunch and we were blown away by every minute! Our server was Daniel and he took such good care of us - I don't want to give too much of the experience away, but I will say that if you go into this with an open mind, you will no doubt have a great time. There is no question that you are dining in the absolute pitch dark, but the music and food actually distracts you from the fact that you can't see! 

I did see that some other reviewers were complaining about portion sizes - this was not an issue for my husband or myself! Our portions felt huge and they were so filling! My husband is 6'4" and is not a slender man, so if he left full, everyone else should too! There also seemed to be concerns about the vegan/vegetarian menu options... if you want a steak, go to a steakhouse. These are unique and flavorful dishes that go beyond what the average palette is accommodated to. Don't let the lack of meat dissuade you; live a little and enjoy the food as it is all handmade and fresh, not the frozen overproduced meat products that you can expect even at the finest of steakhouses (and trust me, I love a good steak just as much as the next guy, but this was next level!).

Recommended for special occasions as this experience is a bit on the pricey side, but worth every dollar! Also, their menu changes seasonally so there's opportunity to go back time and time again. We can't wait to go back and bring more people with us! Oh, and the 20% local discount is great!!!Ǿ
I've heard of this concept, but never thought it would come to Vegas or it would be vegan. I went with my husband last night and it was the coolest experience ever. The staff was amazing and instantly made you feel comfortable sitting in a dark room. My husband was worried about the food but once he tried the first course he was happy and excited. Not being able to see your food and only rely on touch, smell and taste to figure out what it is was fun- now I know how babies feel trying foods for the first time. It was interesting discovering the different textures and trying to place all the flavors. It heightens your other senses. It's really a fun experience although kind of scary at first being led into a dark room to dine. But it's so freeing being invisible from the other diners and even yourself. The food was amazing I would definitely recommend this place.