First of all Bachi is promoting a healthy theme but the first person to greet my girlfriend and I (the host) is extremely over weight. 

Due to the kitchen being backed up and the host telling us we could not be seated for 15 min, we sat at the bar even though plenty of tables were available. First, we ordered the beignets which were burnt and way too crispy. Second, I ordered the crunch salad and my girlfriend ordered the pocho breakfast. 45 min pass and our food has not arrived nor has anyone come over to update us on what's going on. I ask the bartender where our food is and he goes to check. About five minutes later he comes back with my salad but the order is wrong. I asked for dressing on the side and the Gorgonzola cheese on the side. At this point I did not want my salad to be remade so I decided to share my girlfriends dish. Another 10 min pass and my girlfriends dish comes out; strike one for not bringing it out with mine, strike two for it taking an hour when it's a very simple dish, and strike three for it being mediocre. The eggs were extremely runny, hash browns soft except for the crispy edges, and the chicken apple sausage was passable. We would have liked hash brows that were a step up from IHOP or Denny's. 

Lastly, the manager is not qualified; she did not know how to handle the situation nor did she present herself as a manger.笑
My BF almost turned around when he saw "Health Life Kitchen".   Thank goodness I drove!  We started with delicious Grapefruit Mimosas, then smooth Konalicious coffee. It was hard to choose with the many enticing items on the menu.    I had the chicken and waffles.  The chicken was moist and crispy.  The waffle deliciously scented with lime.  My BF had the Almond Brioche French toast.  The dish was a combination of many flavors.  Perfect harmony of almond, fruit, and chocolate.
Our server was awesome.  I love the bright open decor.   I have one suggestion.  We felt rushed.  My BF had two slices of bacon on his plate when he was asked if he was done with that plate when he was working on his french toast.  He said no.  Then asked him again when there was one piece left.  We are just hoping that this was over zealous service during their grand opening period.  We will be definitely be back!笑
Such an amazing breakfast place. Very hip and fun atmosphere. The food melted in my mouth. I'm not a breakfast person but this food was so flavorful and delicious this will be my new breakfast place of choice! Love it! Also bachi burger same company is great too.笑
Great food, great service, excellent decor, and awesome flavors from the fusion creations. Tried the Loco Moco and actually didn't like the twist applied to this dish. A big overload on short rib meat. Would have preferred a bacon wrapped filet mignon instead. Generally like the traditional Loco Moco. Tried a smoothie called, "Berry Cool" and it was pleasant. Wanted to try the oxtail chili on a bed of jalapeño polenta and the ostrich burger. Both seemed very interesting!  Also had the Beignets, which were just on the o.k. side. The sauce was the disappointing part. Maybe add a Jack Daniels flavor to help the sauce. Menu is in need of a few tweaks to be closer to perfection. The restaurant is a great idea!笑
I've been here twice and everything I've tried so far is delicious! I recommend that if it is your first time here, order the short rib loco moco, and a side of Brussels sprouts!笑
Came at 8:20pm, there are lots of empty tables that haven't  been cleaned up. We, party of 2, were told to wait a few minutes for them to clean up and we would be seated shortly. We waited happily. We have good experience with bachi burger before (the one in Windmill) so we have no problem with the wait. 5 mins later, a server carried some drinks to the table next to where I sat waiting spilt her drinks all over. Didn't splash me. But we can see the unprofessionalism. Here we continued to wait, thinking the place is still new, They still need time for improvement. 20 mins later, we were still waiting. I should repeat: there are lots of empty tables but still no one bothered to clean up or make sure we got seated. My bf stood up and saw if he could catch anyones attention to ask what was going on. Still, the servers seemed too busy. I guess we didn't worth their time. Feeling upset, we left. We should come to the old location. Thought we could give it a shot. I guess we will never come back here.笑
I love Bachi Healthy Life kitchen! The eggs Benedict is like no other with their homemade hollandaise sauce. It's something I would recommend to anyone. Also the homemade jams made inside the restaurant are to die for. Make sure to check it out sometime, it'll change the way you look at a healthy life kitchen.笑
I was wondering around yelp, trying to find a good place to have breakfast in, and found this place. Being a vegetarian, I never ate at "Bachi burger" but have heard a lot about it, so apparently it's the the same owners as this great spot. 

Their juices are great, I went for the carrot ginger one and it was awesome! food wise, my friend took the frittata and I went for a veggie scramble that was pretty perfect. 

I'll def be back!笑
Honestly? Never had such a bland over the top meal. Everything from my Bloody Mary which tasted like tomato gazpacho to my fried rice was not good. I just don't understand how you could ruin fried rice? It had burnt pieces of rice throughout but the same time it was mushy. Even had the Benedict's and the egg was not even cooked all the way and was runny and the raw onions killed me. Probably the worst egg Benedict's I've ever had EVER. The place is overpriced and I would never go back. Even though the waitress was nice she was ditzy and didn't seem to know the menu that well.笑
Dear Bachi HLK,

Congrats on joining the "healthy raw foods, eat kale and quinoa til you drop" fad ala True Food Kitchen or Tender Greens. The place looks great with modern finishes, bamboo and a clean look and feel however I have a huge newsflash for you. YOU ARE LOCATED IN A STRIP MALL IN LAS VEGAS (and not even the better parts of Vegas like your burger joint). Charging $21 for a oversaltened Salmon on a 2 oz beet salad for lunch is ACANINE! The salad was pretty good but the salmon? Marginal with blackening that was wayyy too strong. Oh and did I mention the $5 juice (which is OK if it wasn't the size of a kids cup). You are overpriced for your location and demographic. I can justify paying $21 for a Kale and Salmon salad on the beach in Santa Monica or Newport Beach at True Food Kitchen or in downtown Walnut Creek at Tender Greens but certainly not in a strip mall on the corner of Rainbow and Russell at lunchtime! 

There is definitely demand for what you're offering if the food is good (not convinced yet) but not at the prices you're proposing. Unfortunately I don't see you sticking around too long. Great build out though for the next restaurant that will end up at that location. I am sure they will greatly appreciate what you've done!笑
I ordered the corn beef dish and it was absolutely delicious. My onions were caramelized perfectly and my potatoes were right on point. The beef was a little bit on the fatty side than I expected but other than that, the restaurant was nice and the waiter was super friendly. I will definitely be back to try different dishes!笑
I like to milk my birthday week by celebrating at all sorts of places beyond the actual day, and I capped off the week with brunch at Bachi HLK.  What piqued my interest was solely the green tea crepe with yuzu syrup, as I had bypassed ordering the green tea crepe on my recent trip to Takahashi Bakery in NYC.  Upon arrival (at around 9:30 AM), we were seated away from the wind-tunnel door (thanks to LV's 60 mph winds).  I ordered a strawberry-mango mimosa and Eric R. got the Bachi 20, the house bloody mary.  The drinks were great.

The menu is full of items difficult to choose from.  Though I was committed to the green tea crepe and Eric R. to the flaxseed blueberry coconut pancakes thanks to Ardie's review, we both narrowed our eyes upon the Wake It Up scramble which appeared to be chock-full of a delicious combination of ingredients.  Being gluttonous, I ordered the green tea crepe as a starter (as it is listed on the menu) and then the scramble to share with Eric R. despite his order of pancakes.  I selected the breakfast potatoes as my side to the scramble, but hash browns and fresh fruit are other options.

The server assured us the crepe would come out first.  Fast forward a short time and our entrees came out before the crepe.  I was not too concerned and also impressed at how speedy the dishes arrived.  We had a straight view to the kitchen from our booth and it looked busy and clean.  While we started eating, a large crowd of people gathered both inside and outside of the door waiting for a table.  The server came by and asked if I still wanted the crepe, to which I emphatically answered, "Yes!"  I came for that crepe and I will not leave without eating it!

The scramble was surprisingly delicious (as I am not usually a scrambled egg fan compared to other methods of egg preparation).  It had huge cloves of roasted garlic, a really nice touch, chopped wild mushrooms, avocado, gruyere, sundried tomatoes, green onions, and arugula.  The breakfast potatoes were roasted fingerlings and purple potatoes with onions and herbs.

The green tea crepe finally arrived, cut in half and displayed in the middle of the plate.  It was stuffed with cottage cheese and berry compote, garnished with the yuzu syrup and fresh berries.  The yuzu syrup is the star on this plate.  The crepe is served cold and the batter was thick.  I have never been too much of a cottage cheese fan but really wanted to try the rest.  I think a sweetened ricotta may be a better fit, but I don't make sweets so I could be wrong.  The yuzu syrup had yuzu rind in it and was perfect.

When Eric R. ordered his pancakes he had a choice between maple, blueberry, or coconut syrups.  The blueberry and coconut are house-made.  He also had a choice between whipped butter, almond butter, and whipped cream.  Additional sides of these are 50 cents each, like additional sauces at Bachi Burger are.  He got blueberry syrup and whipped butter, and had enough pancakes to take some home.  No yuzu syrup is available for pancakes (at least not listed) probably due to the expense.

There are a lot of great items on the menu (including the salads, with yuzu vinaigrette, beets, frisee, mache, and other cool ingredients) so I would like to return, but due to the location I am unlikely to be a regular visitor.  Give this place a try!  Cooking channel and Food Network shows were on TV.  The booths are a cool wooden design and there are floral doodles on the ceiling.笑
Delicious, healthy and great service! The brioche French toast is amazing!

They have a good variety of fresh juices, fresh fruit- that was actually fresh and flavorful, delicious bacon, and we loved that many of their items are homemade. 

We will definitely be back!笑
We've been here 2 times. Both times all the food was excellent and cocktails were great too. So happy this place exists. Vegas was really lacking in the farm to table breakfast/brunch options. 1 star off for prices. We realize that quality doesn't come cheap but maybe take a cue from the Echo & Rig menu where breakfast entrees and drinks are all $1-$2 cheaper? We'd be there weekly for breakfast and lunch dates but prices make it a bit cost prohibitive for more than the occasional treat.笑
A M A Z I N G. Recommended by Kim from Mod Nails down the street. Service was friendly and comforting. Flavors of the dishes are unique and exciting. Beverages look amazing and inspire me to make my own at home. Sam was our server; he was knowledgable and very kind. Great experience...more trips (& tips! $$$) to come!笑
Came here for lunch out of the suggestion by a friend. Located on Russell and Rainbow, its in a complex you don't really expect there to be a restaurant. Though Russell is more busy nowadays but seems a little weird spot to put a restaurant. 

When I had visited the restaurant, apparently it didn't have a grand opening yet (LOL oops) 

Was a little skeptical when i first heard about this place. Bachi is associated with its popular two burger locations on the west and southeast side of town. When i heard Bachi and Healthy, i was like huhhhh? how is that gonna work out? 

Service was good. Quickly brought to our table and given waters. (Granted they weren't busy and apparently they are open till only 3pm? and we were there at like 130pm) 

Was craving an eggs benedict since i havent had it in a few years so was going between HLK Surf n Turf Eggs Benedict and the Corned Beef Hash. As i said before, was craving for a eggs benedict and it was suggested by the waiter as well. 

HLK Surf n Turf Eggs Benedict (English Muffin with poached eggs, scottish smoked salmon, roast turkey, tomato, onion, capers & dill hollandaise, grilled asparagus) - Everything was stacked and presented perfectly. Eggs were perfect over easy with an ooooozy yolk that runs all over the stack when broken... Roast turkey was moist. Smoked salmon was not overpowering and a perfect saltiness. Tomato and onion gave it a nice crisp flavor with the creamy dill and caper hollandaise sauce. Capers weren't too overpowering as well. Worked well with the dill. The english muffin was a little soggy. Wish it was toasted a little more. 

Beignets (with housemade strawberry guava jelly) - only 3 pieces. All in the shape of triangles. Beignets were little crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Not really similar to the usual beignets ive had (in comparison to the ones at Downtown disney lol). The housemade strawberry guava jelly was delicious. Not too much guava flavor but pretty prominent in strawberry. Accompanied the beignets well. 

The Lonely Bird  (ground chicken & turkey "tsukune" burger, herb pesto, lettuce, tomato, onion rings) - Friend ordered this. No side of fries or anything. just a burger. tho it has onion rings in it. Pretty big size. He liked it. May try this or the ostrich burger next time =X First place in the USA that ive seen ostrich on the menu. Almost thought eating ostrich was illegal here. Lol Ostrich is actually a red meat. Healthier and leaner than beef. 

Overall, interesting place. Iunoe how much healthy it was. They did have healthier options in comparison to their burger locations but to call the restaurant "healthy life" was a little out of the park. I guess it was kind of like SkinnyFats. At least they have healthier options on the menu?笑
So...where do we begin?  

I've been here twice.  

5 stars for food (both visits).  Everything I've had (miyagi burger, omelettes, 36 hr loco moco, juices, salty caramel latte...) has been PERFECTLY DELICIOUS!

5 stars for aesthetics...beautiful space. Very unexpected for a strip mall!  

The majority of the staff was great on both visits.  Our servers were very attentive, kept our glasses full, and give us good recommendations.  And to the kitchen staff who prepped our yummy meals, kudos to you.  Our food all came out in a very timely manner and tasted as good as it looked.  Thanks!!

So, WHY?? You may be asking......WHY only 2 stars? 

and truly, 2 stars is what they deserve...because 2 stars means "meh. i've EXPERIENCED BETTER'

Well, the manager. Or whoever that girl is who doesn't wear the tan polo shirt.  I think she's the manager...

Here we go...

On our fist visit, when we were almost done with our meal, she came over to stand behind our server was dropping off our to-go drinks and the server asked us "how was everything?" and I asked, "do you take reservations?"

The server said, "No, sorry"

The manager cut in and said, "Yes, we do."

*ookay??*

The manager goes on to say, "We do...it depends on how many...will everyone be here?  we can't seat until everyone is here...we can't take the reservation beforehand...we don't really take reservations...call the day of...we'll see how busy we are...we've had people call and not show up...blah blah blah blah...if we have to move tables you have to be here"....(oh, and side note, on the first visit...I was there at noon and there were 3 tables seated the entire time i was there).

As you can imagine, my mind was spinning, her answer was unclear, uninformative, and all over the place...all I needed was a yes or no, which was impossible to achieve...so I smiled, nodded, and left.

So, because of the great food, I wanted to share Bachi HLK with some out of town family who came into town the following weekend.  Clearly, I didn't bother calling for a reservation...we just drove up and walked in.  I arrived with 4 other adults and a baby.  

(oh, by the way, there were 2 tables seated at this time...nobody waiting)

We walked in, were greeted by a nice man who asked us, "how many?"  
we said, "5 adults and a baby" 
he said, "do you need a highchair"
we said, "yes"....
he said, "is everyone here?"  
we (4 of us) said, "yes, the one person missing is right there in the car parked outside changing the 1 year old who slept all the way here...she'll be right in..."  

**we all turn to look out the window and see our cousin in the car.**

The nice man grabs menus and another server to help scoot 2 tables together...and low and behold, the red headed manager beelines from the kitchen up to the front and asks us "is everyone here?"  

*pause*  now, i'm not a jerk, i'm usually very polite, very kind, i'm not rude nor am I high maintenance, but I don't appreciate having an entire conversation with one employee, then being questioned about the same topic immediately by another.  if the manager put the guy at the door to greet customers, then trust that guy to be doing the right thing.  trust that he's had the "is everyone here" conversation with me already.  Or, manager girl, if you feel the need to micromanage, please don't drag me (the customer) into it.  ask your guy if my party is here.  why would your staff be moving tables and setting up our party if we didn't meet their seating criteria.  and WHY should customers be bombarded by DIFFERENT employees about the same question??  oh, and greet me.  don't walk up to me and ask me a question...I DON'T WORK HERE.  greet me.  a hello, how are you...those would be appropriate things to say to me.  NOT asking me a question i've ALREADY ANSWERED!

ugh, anyways, i ignored her.  i'm not a record player, so get the story from your staff (whom i've already spoken to).

we sat down, the adult in the car came in with the baby and we ordered.  (Still, at this time, there are only 3 tables seated including us). 

our food came, it was yummy,our server came to check on us periodically...just enough.  The funniest and MOST ANNOYING thing though...when she came to check on us after our food came out, the moment she turns on her heel...the manager is 3" behind her asking the EXACT same question.    

DUDE, MANAGER GIRL, do you not see us stuffing our faces?  we just stopped to say "Great" to our server and now you're asking us the same question 1 second after she asked us.  You're so on her tail she almost smacked into you when she turned away from us.  

i mean seriously...MANAGER GIRL...you seem to be the most difficult person i have EVERY dealt with in a restaurant setting.  Seriously.  stop it.  

We have a lot of choices when it comes to food...GOOD FOOD, so please...treat customers well.  Don't be overbearing, and trust your staff.  And provide good customer service.  make your customers feel welcome.  You make it hard to eat here.笑
Hands down, best mimosas in town! I tried the Mandarin Orange Tangerine Mimosa. It had extra orange pulp, not too acidic & the champagne doesn't over power the flavors. Perfection!

We ordered a few different items:

34 hour braised short rib loco Moco-- A favorite for me. The meat just slid right off. No help needed! The Garvey that came with it was the perfect blend to go along the meats, egg, & fried rice. 

Almond brioche French toast-- it is very different from any other French toast you're used to. The presentation is pretty darn cool. It was soft but not soggy. You can choose different syrups (almond, coconut, & forgot the other one). 

Belgian waffle-- really nothing special about it. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 

The manager came out and apologized for the wait, which I thought was very professional of them. I appreciated the reassurance that our food was on the way. 

If they had a day for all you can drink mimosas than I'll defiantly make the drive back to that side of town for breakfast/brunch.笑
Almond brioche French toast is fantastic! Can't wait to try the whole menu. Staff is super friendly and vibrant just like the decor.笑
I was doing the local playing tourist thing yesterday, and I decided to try Bachi HLK for a different breakfast.  I ordered coffee which was brought quickly and was refilled without asking for more.

I think I knew from when I walked in the door that I'd have the brioche French toast and that's what I got.  A very flavorful stack of four brioche rounds, wonderfully soft and flavored nicely with almond.  On top of the stack were some banana slices and the plate had some small pieces of chopped kiwi and mango.  The plating was very nicely done.

I had a choice of three syrups and I went with the coconut syrup.  You also have the choice of getting whipped cream which I opted for.  Along the the whipped cream and the syrup comes a small container of almond butter which is very rich and very tasty!

Service was excellent.  Well, you'd expect it to be!  I was the only person in the place who wasn't an employee.  

I really like the decor.  Modern with lots of wood.  On the wall near where I sat was a TV with the Cooking Channel playing and while I waited I watched Nigella's show and her making Jamaican jerk chicken.  It passed the short wait very pleasantly.

I plan to go back soon and try their fois gras de canard.  A good choice for breakfast with quality ingredients.笑
5 STARS because I was really impressed with with the manager.. I guess an employee failed to come in during the busy "Grand Opening". She came to every single table to notify them and also checked up on how everyone and their meals were doing, without being overly bothersome, lol.
Of course our server was attentive and friendly as well!

5 STARS to the food! 
Items ordered :
- White Sangria : if you like strong sangria this is the drink for you. They got me at "papaya" but wasn't a fan, imagined it to be more on the sweet side.
- Mandarin Orange Tangerine Mimosa : Absolute FAVE! Glad my friend got it! Sounded too orangey but it's the perfect blend! High class orange juice, with alcohol, with a little bit of pulp! 
- Almond Brioche French Toast with Almond Butter & Coconut Syrup (made in house) : DELICIOUS! Three thick pieces, moist and very flavorful! Dusted with powdered sugar, topped with coconut almond custard, and comes with raspberry & mixed tropical fruits.. The Almond Butter and Coconut Syrup were just extra icing on the French toast! 
- Belgian Waffles : nothing to special with these waffles, topped with fruit and chose almond butter with maple syrup with it, nonetheless still a good waffle!
- 36hr Braised Short Rib Loco Moco topped with Lentil Gravy, comes with Eggs to your liking, Fried Rice, & Crispy Onion Rings : NO KNIFE NEEDED! Extremely tender, seasoned well, great textures with the crispy fried onion, fried egg and fried rice (I think I said "fried" too much lol), and overall a great loco moco! 

4 STARS to the long drive out there and the water cup with no ice ¯\_(ツ)_/¯..

Still a great experience! Must try other great menu items!笑
I was really excited to try another new place in Vegas. The reviews were great and I love Bachi Burger. The food was really good but 5 hours later I got really sick. I had the corned beef hash and a cup of coffee.  It's too bad because the food was really good. Now the thought of the hash makes me cringe.  I called the manager just to let them know. She said she would do some "researching" and call me back. She didn't. No worries though. I didn't want to call but my boyfriend insisted they know.  My friend had the pancakes and said they were good. She was fine.

PROS: Creative corned beef hash recipe 
             Kona blend coffee

CONS: Eating something there that got me really sick all night.笑
My review of this place is based on 3 visits from myself and two visits from my friend. My first visit was pretty good because the steak and eggs was delicious. Paying about 22 dollars for steak and eggs, my expectations were high. The 2nd time I went there, I ordered the same thing but the quality of the steak was dramatically worse. I want to make my assumption that the steak was frozen. 20% of the steak is gristle and bone. I decided to come back a 3rd time to try the same dish to see if they just had an off day on my 2nd visit. I was wrong. Same quality... frozen, 20-30% gristle. 

If you're going to charge 22 -23 dollars for a steak and eggs, dont freeze the meat and make sure its not 20-30% gristle. The steak should be priced at 14 bucks if the quality is gonna be that low.

My friend came here and ordered the brioche french toast and said it was amazing. His 2nd visit, he brought his wife and a family friend. He ordered the steak and eggs after my initial experience with it. (Not my 2nd or 3rd) He had the same complaint as I did but the difference is, my friend was a head chef at a hotel for 17 years. He sent back the steak because it was raw (he ordered it medium). The manager went back to the kitchen then came back and started to argue with my friend. At that point, my friend started to yell at the manager because he wasn't asking for another dish or a refund. He only wanted to state that the cook in the back doesnt know how to cook a proper steak. Anyways, I'll probably go back one more time to try something else on the menu but just be advised... if you make any complaint about the food, theyll try and make you look like the idiot instead of apologizing and asking you if they can get you something else. Also, don't order the steak and eggs... its over priced and over rated.笑
Items Selected:
Bella Farms Foie Gras de Canard - Blackberry Jam + Marcona Almonds + Cornichons + Cranberry Walnut Wheat Bread
Strawberry Guava Jam
Almond Brioche French Toast - Dipped in Coconut Custard with Tropical Fruits, Chocolate + Whipped Butter + Whipped Cream + Pure Maple Syrup + Blueberry Syrup + Coconut Syrup
Count meet Bachi HLK - Smoked Turkey + Gruyere + Blackberry Jam

A new breakfast and lunch concept from the team behind Las Vegas' own Bachi Burger, Bachi HLK - or Healthy Living Kitchen - was amongst my most anticipated openings of 2014; the focus on quality sourcing and 'green' production values with a multitude of house-made items ready to cater to diverse diners and dietary needs encompassing everything I look for in a restaurant...and then I saw the menu.  Located on West Russell in one of Spring Valley's several strip malls and officially open 8a-4p seven days a week my arrival at Bachi HLK was greeted by the smell of fresh oranges being squeezed at the room-length open bar and soon finding smiling service from a young man named Brent I was offered my choice of seats - an exquisite experience amongst elegant blonde woods and an open floor plan marred only by slightly-too-loud pop music during my hour long solo visit.   Featuring all all-day menu spanning appetizers and eggs to griddles, sandwiches, and salads it was to a veritable who's who of personal favorites that I found myself tempted and opting for a trio even at the early hour of 8am the meal started with a bang, a creamy 2.5oz torchon of foie gras every bit on par with that at Bouchon but with better bread and house-made jam for $5 less.  Already smiling as I tended to my liver it was at my request that the next plate was fired in the open kitchen and arriving with cheese still bulbbling the HLK take on a Monte Cristo was truly divine as briny bird with a hint of smoke found new light in aged gruyere while supple griddled brioche dusted with powdered sugar provided an eggy canvas for thick jam, some already onboard and more on the side.  At this point sated but curiosity not yet satisfied it was with a bit of indecision that I sorted between pancakes, beignets, banana bread, and chicken on waffles but going with my instincts the final plate of the morning would prove the bet of the trio; a six stack of almond-coated custard rounds rousing the flavors of a pina colada only to be bolstered by a trio of all-natural syrups plus whipped cream and salted butter; the comparison again to Thomas Keller's work on-strip with the "bread pudding style", but Bachi's more subtle and texturally appealing - a strong bit of praise considering the accolades and Michelin Stars garnered by the former.笑
Showed up at 3pm on a Saturday and it was closed. Hours say open until 4pm on Saturday.笑
Horrible Service

Always looking for a good breakfast/brunch place. After reading all the positive reviews on Yelp, decided to give it a try, last Sunday around 2:30pm. 

The quality of the food was good, the prices are a little high. But what isn't these days. The problem I had was with the service. First the waitress couldn't tell my wife what was on the Miyagi burger. So my wife decides on the short rib and I had the pocho breakfast. The waitress asks my wife how she wants her eggs cooked but doesn't ask me. 

Once the food was brought out, my wife requested additional napkins, which were never brought out. We didn't see the waitress again until 20 minutes later. She didn't stop by to ask if everything was ok, or if we needed refills on our drinks. She was behind the bar, doing whatever she was doing. Finally a different waitress stopped by with our check. 

While we were eating, a lady came into the restaurant, and waited by the reception area, which no one was at. She read the menu for 10 minutes, and when no one showed up to seat her, she finally gave up and left. 

Maybe they were just having a bad day. But the restaurant was only about 1/4 full. 

Will I go back, I will probably give then one more try.笑
We flew to Vegas for a friend's bday but rented a car only because we wanted to try Bachi Burger.  Instead, we decided to try Bachi HLK for breakfast.  The Bella Farms Foie Gras de canard was delicious!!! I want it shipped to me in Cali!!  We also tried the taro haupia pancakes and the crispy chili chicken and waffles.  Everything was delicious.  The bummer is that we were too full to try Bachi Burger.笑
I'm a fan of Bachi Burger, so I was pretty excited to try Bachi HLK. The food we ordered looked and tasted good, but my experience was horrific.
My son is highly allergic to peanuts/nuts. I told the server my son is highly allergic to peanuts and asked what type of oil they fried in. She came back and said soybean oil. My son ordered the chicken and waffles which on the menu didn't say anything about having nuts or peanuts in it. My son ate one piece of chicken, started coughing, stopped eating and asked for a Benadryl. I asked our server again if there was any nuts in that dish. She went back to ask the kitchen, came back to me and apologized that in fact the chicken batter had peanut butter in it. I was appalled, flabbergasted and angry. The staff should know all ingredients in the entrees. The kitchen should have known to tell the server which dishes contain hidden ingredients. I've been to many restaurants who do fry in peanut oil and ones that don't and the staff is able to tell us which entrees can be ordered for customers with such an allergy. Some people think a peanut allergy is nothing, but it is in fact deadly when anaphylaxis is the result of ingesting peanuts/nuts. I was lucky that my son had a mild reaction, but it could have been worse. Thank goodness I always bring Benadryl and his epipen and that the ER was just across the street. 
Although the staff was very apologetic, it didn't take away the fear that I had for my son going through an allergic reaction which could have been prevented with full knowledge of the menu and all ingredients in the entrees. Unfortunately we didn't get to enjoy our food and I don't think I will be back. We had to rush out of there to take my son to the ER.笑
Started off the morning with fresh squeezed OJ, I must point out it was the bomb! Their OJ is notably very good. My friend ordered the dulce latte, also very good. The server didn't appear to be very knowledgeable or very attentive. I ordered strawberry banana ricotta pancakes with side of HLK potatoes, 2 eggs, & sausage. My friend had the loch duarte salmon in which my friend mistakenly thought it was salmon lox. We thought we confirmed with the server that it was a lox but it turns out to be pan seared salmon oopsies! It was quite bit of surprise when the salmon came out. My eggs came out first then 6 minutes later my pancakes and sausages arrived. I guess my potatoes were never placed through. The portion sizes of everything were pretty big. The pancakes were soft and succulent complimented with coconut syrup. For a side order of sausages it came with 3!!! The salmon was decent over a bed of grilled veggies. Ultimately, the food isn't anything mind blowing, the service could definitely use improvement and delivery of time could use a little bit of help as well. I should've been advised of the chefs specials before I placed my order but I noticed on my own in the back of the restaurant on a board.笑
Luv it! All bachi locations are awesome! Had the veggie frittata it was cooked perfectly! Homemade jelly for toast was awesome! Great service as well!笑
Love this concept! They were offering complimentary mimosas and beignets on Mother's Day. I had the brioche french toast.  Definitely looked better than it tasted. Was ok, but the presentation is beautiful!Also had the Salted Carmel latte....amazing!  And they carry both almond and soy milk! I don't eat meat, but my dad had their "eggs Benedict" looked amazing, and said it was delish. I have 2 issues with this place.....Their side of "hlk potatoes" has bacon bits in it. It's not posted on their menu and I don't eat meat. Their menu had plenty of "v" options for vegetarian, so obviously they are catering to vegetarians.      My other issue is the server had very little knowledge on the food.  I asked a few questions and she had no clue. She was more than happy to find out, but she hadn't tried a lot of the dishes. I am looking fwd to going back and trying other options :)笑
Food was good at best, they serve alcohol but there's no scene, no outside seating, and uncomfortable seating.笑
Healthy? NO. NO WAY! Delicious? Yes!!!  Stopped by today with my wife for what was supposed to be a light and healthy lunch. We are huge fans of Bachi Burger and had big expectations for HLK.  Though we definitely had a great meal, I knocked off a star for the misleading name and the price (see below).  Looking over the extensive menu, I noticed that most of the dishes have healthy ingredients but the way they are prepared aren't low calorie and aren't low fat.  I'm sure there are some exceptions but for the most part, healthy is not what I would describe their food as. 

As the "healthy" options were limited, I decided to take this as an opportunity for a cheat meal. I ordered the chicken and waffles, and my wife got the short rib loco moco.  We ended up sharing both dishes. Presentation was excellent. Both dishes tasted good, but didn't blow my mind like Bachi Burger did when they first opened.  The chicken and waffles came with a side of brussel sprouts which was really good. The short rib in the loco moco was so tender, you didn't even need a knife. And the gravy/sauce that was smothered over the short rib was delicious. The waffles were really tasty too and was served w/ a trio of whipped butter, almond butter, and syrup. The chicken had a spicy chili sauce on top of it, and overall the chicken and waffle dish was a success. 

Price: EXPENSIVE. 
Ambiance: Cool, clean, and modern. 
Service: The server seemed a little nervous and flustered. She did check in on us throughout the meal, maybe a little too much though. 

Overall, I'm a fan and will be back to try some of their other items when I can squeeze in a cheat meal and when I have money to blow.笑
Was pretty underwhelmed considering how much I love bachi burger. This place is definitely not that healthy, I got a create your omelette and the bf got the waffle. 

Meh is all I can say..笑
Easily FIVE stars!  We went for breakfast and everything was perfect.  The plates were pretty and more importantly, delicious.  The gluten free pancakes tasted like normal wheat pancakes, fluffy and perfect.  The Belgain waffle with sautéed apples was delicious, crisp on the outside, tender inside.  Banana pancakes, agian, perfectly made with fresh sliced bananas.  Really yummy coconut syrup too.  I have to say, comparable to Bouchon's breakfasts.  Well done, Bachi!笑
So sad to give 3 stars but I must.
Loved the menu and had such high hopes. Let me start by saying our breakfast for two ran $50..and we had smoothies not liquor.
So it's not cheap but I don't care if it's the whole package.
It's the service that killed it-clearly understaffed and not running the kitchen well.
We waited over 50 minutes for our food and when it came they forgot half the accompaniments. The manager did come out and apologize but they didn't offer anything (like the smoothies we sucked on for 50 minutes) complimentary as a gesture.
The food had promise...hell the whole place did...but it was a let down.  Also it wasn't busy, not even half the tables were full.
May give it one more try but they've got to know normally you've got one shot to get it right. Spend the extra $8 an hour and hire a couple of servers-and take a double check on whose running the kitchen.笑
I really wanted to like this place....I just don't know what this restaurants wants to be.  The menu is expensive, not particularly healthy, and unfocused.  The decor is great and feels like a place you would want to have a beer in...but...it's a lunch and breakfast place and not open for dinner.  Not sure the brunch thing is practical or a good idea off strip in southwest Vegas and the place was empty both times I went there.  Service was good until I asked to substitute the eggs for bacon for my 5 year old son's children's breakfast.  To my surprise that required approval from the kitchen.  I get the whole no substitution thing on composed dishes but this was a kids breakfast and the exchange was awkward and unnecessary.  They are going to have to fine tune this restaurant if it is to survive.笑
Ate here again in June 2014. This time the coffee was fresh and I will say was pretty good. Food was amazing again, funny location but worth the trip. Had someone try the ostrich burger and another the French toast. Give the smoothies a try, not many on the menu but I've tried most and liked them all.笑
beet salad was fantastic. service was new and they spilled water over my table while I was eating. the short rib loco moco was too salty for my taste.笑
Drove all the way out there because it said it was open on Yelp. Turns out it was closed. No signage saying it was closed for the holiday weekend. Just emptiness.笑
Not healthy really.. just over priced to make you think it is.  avoid the juices and smoothies at all cost.. because they cost an arm and a leg.. you get less than 12 ounces and you'll pay around 8 bucks.  They know healthy minded people will pay more if they think they are eating healthy food, but its no more healthy than ihop.. you have to pick the healthy items just like anywhere else.. the difference is they take advantage of people wanting to eat healthy food.  Look at the critics reviews.    Fresh Mama, Or Presto Cafe isn't far away.. and by comparison they know what they are doing.  This restaurant is the example of a chef out of his element.. Trust me i used to work at canyon ranch spa club.. that place knows how to do healthy..笑
Bachi HLK has a unique menu with lots of healthy and interesting items. We ordered an egg frittata, a beets/strawberry starter, two cold-pressed juices, and a cod fish sandwich with sweet potato fries. The prices weren't very high, although $7.50 for the 8 ounces of cold-pressed juice was more than we would usually pay. The food was delicious and the portions were on the larger size, especially the egg frittata which came with a side of fruit and bread. 

The atomosphere was casual and laid back. It also wasn't crowded, which was nice considering it was a Sunday. The layout contains open floor space with a view of the kitchen and the restaurant was very clean. The design is organic (lots of light colored wood). There were 3 televisions with various food network shows playing. Service from the staff was attentive and enjoyable. I would definitely go here again.笑
I'm a big fan of new things and BHLK brings a lot of that.  However, for some reason the flavors in their food just wasn't quite there.  I had the short rib loco moco and my dad had the frittata. It all wasn't bad, but wasn't amazing either.  The menu is also huge, so lots of choices but I'd rather have a place specializes in something REALLY good than too many choices that are all mediocre.笑
Went here for lunch with my son and husband. The place is clean and has a modern feel. I liked the space and layout. It was very comfortable. 
We were greeted and shown our table right away. 
Our server was there in a flash. 
Since we had never been there before we did not get a lot of time to look over the menu, when the server came back to take our order. I thinks she may have been new. She could not answer all our questions. 
I did not realize there was a separate drink menu. They had only given it to my son. 
He never even looked at it or told us. Maybe mention there is a drink menu. 
I had the shorty benny. I loved it. The hollandaise sauce was delicious, the short ribs so tender and full over flavor. The poached eggs perfectly done. The spinach was a little too garlicky for me. The portion was huge came with asparagus and a side of your choice.  Next time I will pass on the side as it really is a generous amount of food. 
My husband had the chicken pecan salad, and had ordered a starter of beets and strawberries. The sandwich arrived before the starter. The manager brought the starter right over and apologized right away. My husband actually enjoyed the starter after his sandwich as he said if was so refreshing it was the perfect ending.
My son enjoyed the cranberry orange muffins and a giant salad. 
We all enjoyed our meal, and will definitely be back. The prices are reasonable, the service was good.笑
Don't let their name fool you, the unhealthy (yummy) menu items outnumber the healthy ones. While yes, I did see an Acai bowl and various juices/smoothies on the menu, I would not categorize them as a "healthy" restaurant. However, I never thought of myself as a health nut, so this place suited me just fine!

Interior is bright, clean and new looking. Service was great and I love that they offer a variety of condiments (jelly, butters and syrups).

We ordered:

Beignets with guava jelly - jelly is more of a purée but flavor is excellent. Beignets were light and airy on the inside, although not a lot of flavor without the jelly.

Mango bread - good, but wished the mango flavor was stronger. Added guava jelly to it and it worked well together.

Short rib loco moco - saw it was popular in other yelp reviews so wanted to give it a try. Overall - very good. Supposedly braised for 36 hrs, but surprisingly not as tender as I expected. Fried rice and gravy were both flavorful. Little pricey at $20 though.

Strawberry banana ricotta pancakes - also very good, but after eating all of the above, we only finished about 1/3. Four large pancakes with bananas and strawberries on top. We chose almond butter and maple syrup as our sides. Really liked the slight crunch from the toasted (?) graham cracker crumbs sprinkled on top!笑
No negatives I can think of. Amazing food. Great service. Brioche French toast and short rib loco moco were winners.笑
My friend and I ordered tuna sandwich which we think it's good not great. Love the idea of alfalfa sprouts and avocado added to the tuna is a good combination, but the pita wrap is a bit boring to my taste bud. Presentation is blah...but will be back to try again when I feel like eating healthy (pricier dishes) and hopefully you won't disappoint me Bachi HLK .笑
Closed!
I tried coming here twice in 1 week(i live down the street) & both times this place was closed! Doors locked, lights off....笑
Food is very good and the presentation is awesome.  However, I won't be eating there too often. The prices are high. Salads are good, but minimal.  You don't even get bread. Order a sandwich and that's all you get. Oh, you can order a side for your sandwich which increases the price over the top.  Over $22 for steak and eggs. Yes, it is aged 24 days. Wow, Strip prices for breakfast in a strip mall. If you have a few bucks to spend breakfast,  this is the place to go. I love the other Bachi places, but you don't get your monies worth here. Sorry.笑
Love this place! Gorgeous decor inside. Had the sweet chili chicken and waffles with the most divine Brussels sprouts I choose the coconut syrup for my waffles and I can't tell you how delicious it was. Lovely service, fresh food, great decor, and now they're open for dinner!笑
I decided to give this place a try after seeing it here on Yelp. I came with my husband and he ordered a smoothie before we decided on what to eat. A minute later, we could hear a man screaming expletives (Fbombs galore and something about working faster) in the kitchen. He was so loud that the whole restaurant heard. We were sitting right by the open kitchen but couldn't see who was yelling. By the uncomfortable looks of the wait staff and their inability to do anything about it, I assumed it was either a manager or the owner. I couldn't believe that our waitress was actually asking us, with a forced smile, if we decided on what to eat. She must be on some serious antidepressants to work here. If this guy is screaming at kitchen staff, I refuse to eat the food coming out of that kitchen! I glanced at the table near us and we shared a WTF look. Hurriedly, they payed and left. We plunked cash down for our tiny overpriced smoothie and left too. The guy was still screaming as we exited. Thanks Bachi, for treating us to an extremely uncomfortable tirade that rightfully belongs in an episode of Restaurant Stakeout.笑
Came for lunch from work, So I ordered the chicken pecan salad sandwich, it was tasty however extremely salty.  They were accommodating in keeping it off the bun since I'm doing a nutrition salad.  I was going to order the tandoori chicken salad as it's named, however to add chicken to it it's a ghastly 8 dollar up-charge.  So now I have to pay 21.95 plus tax for a salad?  I'm sorry the quality is not worth it.  There seem to be some other good things on the menu that I would like to try if I ever come back but as it stands I probably won't be.  They need to reevaluate their prices and what comes w each meal, for example fries aren't included w burgers or sandwiches and you are still looking at a 10+ dollar price tag.

Sadly disappointed.笑
Bachi does breakfast (and lunch)! Start the Yelp hype machine because this place is good and it's only a matter of time before there's a line out the door. Beignets were airy and delicious but the star was the house made strawberry guava jelly. The almond brioche french toast was amazing, especially with almond butter and coconut syrup.

They're open for breakfast and lunch only.笑
First time the food was good but the service was so slow. The second time the service was still slow but then they were out of some of the juices we wanted. We figured we would go back a third time and even joked on the way there about them running out of items. This time not only was the service lacking but they were out of all of their fresh juices and the majority of their salads. It was 11:30 in morning and I couldn't believe they were out of so much. When our salads finally came the chicken was so hard it seemed old. They had also messed up my friends order. When we told the waitress our concerns and we were unhappy she brought the check then disappeared. We didn't even eat the lunch and payed a $60 tab. So disappointing we will never go back. Too bad because I was excited for a new healthy food spot.笑
We were looking for a place to have brunch that didn't have a 45 minute wait or more on Easter Sunday (yeah right).  We were going to try out Mr. Mama's,  but they were closed and we're just going go drive over to the Cracked Egg, Egg & I, or something similar.  As I was driving up Russell, I looked over and saw Bachi HLK and we decided to head there instead. I guess the word isn't out yet that this place has delicious food because there were only two other tables with customers besides ours. I was surprised that they weren't busy for Easter brunch.  Kinda stinks for them, but awesome for me and my family.  They've only been open for about a week or so. 

We were promptly seated, of course, by our server Matt. He gave us our menus and explained a few things in the menu to us.  He came back with waters for us to drink and took our additional drink order as well as appetizers. Hubs and daughter shared the beignets. The menu has so many delicious dishes on it that it took us a little longer to figure out what we wanted. I was torn between the 36 hour short rib loco moco or the shrimp and grits. I asked Matt and he suggested the loco moco. Hubs got the flaxseed coconut pancakes and our daughter got the waffle. 

Our food came out soon after we ordered. The waffle and pancakes come with your choice of whipped butter or almond butter. You also get a choice of syrups. They have maple,  coconut and blueberry. Hubs chose the whipped butter and maple. Daughter chose almond butter and maple. The pancakes were a decent size and came as a 3 stack. The waffle was the size of a plate. They both enjoyed their choices.

What can I say about my short rib loco moco?  It was so delicious!  It came with 2 eggs (over easy as Matt suggested), fried rice, orange lentil gravy and the short rib. Matt gave me a steak knife for the short rib, but I didn't need it. The short rib was so tender. I used my fork to break it apart. The fried rice was good and the eggs were cooked perfectly. The orange lentil gravy is different from the typical loco moco brown gravy,  but was a refreshing change. The gravy had orange lentils in it and was reminiscent of bbq baked beans, but not as thick. I mixed the egg, rice, gravy and a piece of meat together. I could still taste everything separately,  but it all worked well together. 

Service was stellar. Matt didn't hover, but checked on us a couple times during our meal. The manager came to our table to talk with us and give us a to go menu as well.  We will definitely be back. Only down side of this place is that they do not offer bottomless mimosas/bellinis like a place up the road on Fort Apache. That is not worth bringing it down a star; just merely a hint/suggestion. =) We'll be back!!笑
DESIGN/ATMOSPHERE: 5 STARS- Clean, Fresh, Modern-nice music.
SERVICE: 5 STARS- Attentive ( as only guest-maybe had more 'check-ins')
FOOD: Good..more input to come
PRICE: HIGH.  For a place the is 'off the Strip'..way off, I think the prices are too high.
Back to the food. I had a pita (have searched the web over for a menu ..can't read most, and the ones I can don't have my sandwich on them.  
OK it was a vegan Pita- I think with Hummus, avocado and alfalfa sprouts.  This came sliced in half on a white platter..boring.  I mean Parsley is not that expensive or throw a grape on there or something.  I ordered one of their healthy muffins to-go for late nite snack. What came out was two mini muffins in a to-go box. I don't remember how much that was. I also had iced tea.  Almost $18.00 total.  That is Strip prices  I'm guessing my little Pita was around $11. I think if you tossed a few baby greens or something elso onto the plate to make me think I was getting more value it would help.  I was shocked  they have sandwiches without fries or a substitute side. 
I don't really know if the 'Healthy' in their name is reflected in most of the food?  Photos look pretty. Most choices seem high fat and calories.  My mini muffins...well I heated one as they suggested..hooo hum. 
I loved the 'look' ..such clean design..too bad no customers.  Maybe lower the prices and have daily 'real specials' and draw in some more customers.笑
Came here to check out the new bachi breakfast and health spot.  Got here around 10:30 so we made if before the lunch rush...  Very good brunch spot..  They also serve burgers we are familiar with from the Vegas gem Bachi Burger...  Prices are good and standard...  Service was on point..  I can honestly say I have nothing negative about this place...  Will be returning笑
After a morning workout, we checked this place out. In an attempt to eat clean, I was excited to try their ostrich burger - I love ostrich. Their menu includes gluten-free, vegan and vegetarian options. They also have regular menu items. How considerate. They even have Miyagi-San burger from Bachi Burger. What was missing on the menu though was the nutritional info...not even calorie information.

Ostrich Burger: 
Ostrich patty with grilled onions, pineapple ketchup, charred tomato and arugula on brioche bun. You can get it cooked medium-well, medium or medium-rare. My medium-rare burger was juicy and tasty. I've had dry ostrich burgers before so, this was real good in my opinion. 4.5/5

Almond Brioche French Toast:
Comes with a delish almond butter and coconut syrup on the side and sliced bananas on top. They look and have the same consistency as pancakes. We got a side of Portuguese sausage with this. 4.5/5

Dark Cherry Chocolate Smoothie:
I'm a fan of anything cherry and definitely anything chocolate. Good consistency. The chocolate cuts the tartness from the cherries. 4/5

The Nutty Banana:
Banana, honey, dates, peanut butter, oats, almond milk and yogurt. This was hard to drink. It was too thick - thicker than a concrete and the taste of peanut butter was overpowering you can't taste the banana. We had to pour water and stir it just so we could finish it. We told the server who checked on us what we thought about this smoothie and he told us that he thinks it needs caramel. Ok... 2/5

The ostrich burger was about $18 and a smoothie is $7.50. I can already hear some Yelpers who would complain about the price. But we were talking about "does healthy eating have to be expensive? This could push people away from eating healthy". I could understand charging $18 for ostrich since you can't just go to the neighborhood store and get ostrich. A $7.50 smoothie though?

The interior is modern and neat. The service was ok. Our server sounded like Louise from "Bob's Burgers" and I was rather amused. I liked the food and I'll be back for more ostrich burger and also try other items.笑
Short Review:
Bachi's new and healthier restaurant located on the southwest side of town.  Good for breakfast, brunch, and lunch.  If you know Bachi, then you know what to expect here...a good meal, great presentation, and with a higher than average price tag.  

Longer Review:
I first heard of Bachi HLK after seeing Michael U's check in's.  One thing about Michael U is that he tries it all and he reviews it all.  After reading his reviews and reviewing his pictures, I knew I would be heading here soon.  We got here sooner, than later. So, here's my review.

My Food:
-Ostrich Burger w/Swiss ($19.95):  I'm still on a quest to find a really good, tasty, and juicy ostrich burger.  There's some places out here that is "good enough" and Bachi's is a couple of steps above that.  If you ever had an ostrich burger before, then you know that they are usually a little dry and lacks some flavor.  The reason I get ostrich is because of the high protein count, low calories, and low fat.  It's like having a beef burger with the fat & calories equivalent to chicken.  Bachi got it right.  Their ostrich was juicy and packed with flavor.  You also get about 8 oz of meat. For a minute, I thought I was eating red meat. If I'm craving ostrich, then Bachi is the place that I will be going to. This is one healthy burger that also comes with a healthy price tag. It's $17.95 for this burger and if you want cheese, it's an additional $2.

-HLK Potatoes:  Nothing really special with this side.  This was basically just seasoned country potatoes. 

-Almond Brioche French Toast:  You get four disc shaped French Toast dipped in coconut custard and topped with fruit. I shared this with the gf and since I'm allergic to fruit, I took the two slices that didn't have any.  In other words, I just had a basic French Toast.  The French Toast was slightly grilled and somewhat still soft/creamy on the inside. First bite was okay, each bite got better and better as you get to the middle.  Some people prefer a crispy French Toast, while others like a soggy one.  I like mine between the two and Bachi prepared theirs exactly like that.  I recommend this. 

Service, Ambiance, and Price:  Service was great and as good as it gets.  There was no wait and our food was served quick.  Also, I don't think we went 5 minutes without someone checking up on us.  Little tip for Bachi...sometimes too much is not a good thing. Sometimes we may need a little space to eat our food and enjoy our conversation.  The restaurant is still new, nice, clean, and a little small.  My only gripe about Bachi HLK is their price.  Most items on their menu look appealing, the items we had was fantastic, but the prices are a little high, in my opinion.  3 meals cost about $60 or $20 per meal.  I think this that this is a little high for breakfast, brunch, and even lunch.  

Overall,  I'm a fan because I'm a fan of a good tasting Ostrich Burger.  Bachi has this and prepares theirs the way I like it.笑
Always been fan of Bachi Burger so hearing about this newer version but still the same owners! Excited! Bookmarked for sometime just never got around to it. The irony is Bachi HLK is literally five minus from my house. I never really noticed it. Yay its off busy street Rainbow but not looking you never think about tit. I found the perfect excuse check it off bookmark. Recovery meal! Not only recovery meal (the best meal of the day) with my favorite yelper/triathlon warriors in my life. Suzy H and Terri R. We hit Bachi HLK for lunch after solid swim workout in the pool. Terri been here before the rest of  us first timers. My first impressions was really really nice interior decor of healthy restaurant. Not that breakfast joint or lunch spots lack class. Bright earth tone color scheme all around so walking in kind of brightens your day. Lol! I find it relaxing. It refreshing change from the darker look of the Bachi Burgers. Special boards on the back wall when you walk in. So always keep eye out for it and see if anything jumps at you.

The food I started with order of beignets. I would say it was ok. I liked the outside was crispy, nice coating of power sugar, and one of the thing about classic beignet get your fingers sugar coated with every bite. It lacked is the inside was moist but little dense and just not fluffy or light true beignets. The sauce the strawberry guava got nothing but rave things about. I could take bottle of that home for all thing toasted nice spread on top. The other two sauces felt was ok. Overall tried the beignet by itself then with the sauces. Nothing wow about it. Entree ordered the breakfast sandwich.I always harp sandwich is only as good as the bread. The ciabatta bread was on point!!!! It had the nice crust and moist/hot on the inside. Love the fact the bacon was cooked crispy perfection not greasy. Add the eggs any style you want its literally the perfect breakfast of champions all wrapped up in sandwich. 

Best part about eating with yelpers is sharing is caring. I fortunate enough too try some of the banana bread. I thought was ok. Not sure the muffins tried but nothing that made lasting impact for me. Pastry fell short but maybe ordered or tried the wrong ones.

The service was excellent. I am fan of new version of Bachi. More then thrilled that its so close my house. It nice diverse menu of breakfast items, lunch, and not all the things are healthy on the menu. So if want substance you can find it here at Bachi HLK. I will be coming back.笑
Food is mediocre and service was bad. I want to note that the place is small and there were several servers during lunch time.  The place was not that busy as well.

When we came in and was seated, it took the server 10 minutes to come and get our order. We ordered a Monte Cristo with a side salad and Oxtail Chili Scramble. When my bf asked if he can get the eggs cooked in a different way, the server immediately just said no. He didn't even say that he will ask the chef. 

So the food finally came after 25 minutes. The server brought out the plate of Monte Cristo and Oxtail Chili Scramble. After a few minutes the server brought out the side salad and a container of sauce. Since both salad and the sauce came together, I assumed that it was a salad dressing and put it on the salad.  When I asked for an extra dressing, the server said that it was a jam for the Monte Cristo (Oh thanks for making me look stupid). They did offer a salad replacement but since I was pissed, I just said never mind. I didn't eat the salad since it tasted funky with the jam. 

Both dishes were not bad (that's what the 2 stars are for). The Monte Cristo came with sweet potato fries and it's exactly the same taste as Bachi Burger's sweet potato fries with yuzu aioli sauce. 

When we were done, my bf asked for a box. We waited, and waited... After 10 minutes another server came and asked if we need anything else, so we said we need a box. Finally she brought it out. 

Maybe we will give this place another chance since it just opened. Hopefully we will get better service.笑
Standard Bachi... Clean, tasty, organized, plenty of options, and cool peeps. 

The juices are great, i.e. Refreshingly kick-ass.笑
GREAT FOOD & COCKTAIL Menus!!  Wake it Up and South of the Canal with a side of avocado was outstanding.  The beignets aren't the best I've ever had but the Almond Brioche french toast is tasty.  Fresh fruit was really fresh.  IMPORTANTLY they have a FULL BAR!  Spoke with the Manager and they are looking at adding a bottomless Mimosa deal for the weekend starting Mother's Day.  The Mandarin Orange Tangerine was the most tasty! And for the Grapefruit lovers out there they have grapefruit mimosa!笑
HATE  Nothing.

DISLIKE  Only hemp type of protein available as smoothie additive. Server asked for my ID when I paid with a card (not very common in restaurants).

LIKE  The smoothies. Open til 4pm. Friendly servers. Eggs are cooked well.

LOVE  The location. The concept of fusion and healthier offerings than the standard breakfast/brunch spot. Clean design and visible kitchen. The short rib loco moco. Fried rice is a brunch option/side.笑
Came here since it was close to my house.  4 stars since they offered vegan and gluten free options but not 5 since they are kinda on the pricey side.  Convenience and healthy options are always a-ok in my book.  The short rib loco moco the bf ordered was $20! wasn't really a loco moco either...i believe i can make such claims to hawaiian food since thats where I was born and reared.  I had the count meet bachi sandwich and it was pretty good, jam was pretty delish, tasted homemade.  All in all would definitely take the vegan sibling here.笑
I like the feel of this restaurant!  There is a range of food and drinks to choose from.  They have some traditional breakfast and lunch items as well as items that they have taken and put their own spin on it.  For starters, we had an order of the banana break with the almond butter.  This was good I just wish that the bread would have been warm,  I ordered the steak and eggs that was accompanied with breakfast potatoes as well as brussel sprouts.  My meal was very tasty and my steak was well seasoned!  The only issue I had with my meal is that they serve steak but they do not have any steak sauce!  Idk if they plan on having A1 in the future but as of today they did not have any.  My husband had the Count meet Bachi HLK and he was not a fan of it!  Other then there being no steak sauce for my steak the only other downfall was being charged the wrong amount.  However, once I brought it to the servers attention she promptly voided out the charge to my credit card and re-ran my card for the correct amount.  Overall, nice experience I definitely see myself returning!笑
FABULOUS!!!
Kaitlyn, (mgr) was so friendly along with other staff.  The food is top notch quality and the chef is so good!  I had the short ribs and my hubby had the ostrich burger.
I can't wait to go back and try there corned beef hash meal.  Beignets were delicious with house made strawberry guava jam..... OMG!!! 
I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS RESTAURANT :-)
We have been going to the original Bachi Burger since they opened, and then their ramen restaurant right next door, so we were excited to see this new venue.  The name is a little deceiving, although it says Bachi healthy life kitchen  (HLK), keep in mind they have many other options.  I love how they have so many options for dietary differences... Lite and healthy, gluten free, raw, and then the good stuff like what we had.... "Something for "Everyone!"
Will go back, several times!!!笑
Stopped in here for lunch mid week with co-workers. Place was empty. As everyone else has stated it's not healthy food with all the sauces, etc they put on things. It's also expensive. Ordered the Bachi Fish as I have had a friend order that at the original Bachi location (Windmill) & had old me it was delicious. I recall that it had a bit of a coating on it that helped keep the fish together. My fish on this day was good but it was so messy it ended up all over my hands & breaking a part every bite that I tried to take. I eventually gave up & cut it up bun & all & ate it with a knife & fork. Also ordered a side order of the sweet potato fries which were good but I forget what sauce come with them - it's ok. But the green sauce that came with my coworkers Lonely Bird sandwich was much better I thought. I asked for that & was told I couldn't have it because it didn't come with the fries. Ok strike one...never tell the customer they can't have a sauce. Other coworkers ordered the Wake up Scramble & they said it was good & liked it. On to service: seemed to be great in the beginning of sitting down but as time wore on it got worse. It took over 30 minutes to get our food when we were the only 4 in the place besides the workers. Had 2 different waitresses tell us that our food would be right out. Finally had to tell them that we needed to get back to work so it needed to come out soon. Strike 2. Also saw one of the cooks in the kitchen lick their fingers with a plastic glove on & then go back to preparing food. Gross! Strike 3. They need to get their service time in order as they are located near many businesses that probably only come in for their hour lunch time. Don't really know if I'd be back to this place. I like the original Bachi better & usually go for a burger anyway.笑
I just had a late lunch here with my Mom. We walked in and immediately liked the feel of this place, it is very nicely done, clean, modern, and welcoming. We got seated by a friendly guy, then a really sweet and adorable girl came over and told us about some of her favorites, and my Mom and I were in heaven by all the delicious choices available....we finally decided on the beignets with guava purée, which was so good, I'd love to put it on ice cream. Then we split the monte christo sandwich which is huge and stuffed full of meat on French toast, and it came with our choice of a salad or fresh fruit and choices of bread, so we got the banana bread with the fresh blackberry jam, which again, is so good, we bought a jar to take home. We also ordered a yummy frittata, and seriously had a food party going on at our table! Everything was so fresh, and you can tell that they use only the best ingredients, and spare no expense to provide top quality food and excellent friendly service. The manager Kaitlyn came over who we enjoyed chatting with so between her, Kristina, our sweet server, all the other great people who work here, and the delicious food, we are already planning our next visit and will definitely spread the word!笑
Bachi has a breakfast restaurant?! What!! Obsessed with Bachi Burger as it is, and super disappointed by their ramen, I'm glad HLK lives up to the Bachi name. 

My friends and I are fatties and had the Bella farms foie gras de canard (torchon, jelly, marcona almonds, cornichons, cranberry walnut bread) as a starter. Delicious! It has a pretty thick layer of duck fat on top as well. Yeah, as disgusting as you may feel thinking about eating straight up fat, who cares? Spread that stuff on! 

I had the wild mushroom hash (potato, kale, gruyere, egg, fried onions, bechamel) as well as the corned beef hash (potato, brussel sprouts, onion, egg, bechamel) . No, not all too myself, I'm not that much of a fatty. Disappointed a bit, because none of us were asked how we wanted our eggs cooked. On both hashes they came over hard, which I hate. I love runny yolks, don't take that away from me! Especially on a hash. But other than that, they were both delicious. Corned beef had good flavor. 

Friend got the braised short ribs loco modo ( two eggs, fried rice, onion rings, orange lentil gravy). Looked bomb. Meat was tender. Braised for thirty six hours. 

Also tried the crispy sweet chili chicken and waffle (apple bacon, brussel sprouts, green onion waffle, curry butter). Chicken was very moist, and the sauce on it was delicious. Unfortunately they only put it on one of the pieces. Waffle was ok. Butter ess definitely the high point of the waffle. You get three choices of syrups (maple, coconut, blueberry). 

Overall, good experience. Great service. Thanks Adrianna! Definitely a come back spot.笑
Having frequented the other Bachi property many times before with friends, I had great expectations for this spot.

The decor / atmosphere is cheerful and spotless.  For as lovely as this spot is, I wouldn't call this restaurant a "healthy" life kitchen.  Maybe just a  "Life Kitchen".  This matters because we drove 40 minutes to try this restaurant for the "healthy" food.

Although they do include some healthy sounding ingredients into their offerings, nearly all the dishes are empty calorie heavy.  That is not to say the food doesn't taste good, it's just not healthy.  It's a standard breakfast and lunch menu  with clever dish titles, a spot of healthy binders here and there,  arranged nicely on a plate.  That's not healthy.  It's "splendid' to someone who isn't health minded.  Bachi Splendid Life Kitchen.

We based our visit on the photos  from previous posts.  What I figured out after visiting this location, is that some of the yelp photos were taken after the guest reconstructed the dish.  For example, the monty cristo-looking sandwich really doesn't come with preserves inside the sandwich, nor is it served with an even turkey to cheese ratio.  My friend ordered this dish, of which arrived as a dry, boring,  naked monte-cristo type of sandwich (as in no batter, ham and syrup).  It was chewy bread filled with heaps of dry turkey, a tiny bit of cheese on one half, powdered with sugar and served preserves on the side.    Really disappointing.

I scanned other tables and noticed that even those customers were served dishes that were not spectacular.  Nothing that screamed "wow!  what the heck is that".  Everything I saw was beige, brown or white across the plate.  No vibrant appetizing presentations.  Dull.

My friend also ordered a green juice that was described as "fresh pressed" but not organic (per the waitstaff).  We saw a Breville-looking juicer (centrifugal not masticating of which presses) behind the bar (yes, the healthy life kitchen serves liquor), but I can't verify the Breville is what they used to prepare my friend's drink.  Either way, it's not organic.  Healthy people want the pressed organic juice from a masticating juicer and will pay top dollar for it.

I don't know what it is about Vegas and restaurant owners cutting corners, claiming to be healthy.  There is a boat load of money to be made if the food and drink were really prepared correctly with the cleanest ingredients for health minded customers.

I reluctantly ordered the berry iced tea of which had no flavor.笑
As a huge fan of Bachi Burger, I knew I'd be coming here sooner than later. Today was soon enough.

The strip mall is only accessible on Russell. Parking was plentiful at ~1:30 on a Sunday. Inside, the design definitely resembles Bachi 1.0. Not just the sign, but the walls, booth / chair seating, bar area, and TV's definitely make you think of the original location. The lighting is definitely brighter and the lighter wood design is different. Plus, the music is definitely not the ubiquitous electronic dance music of the original. Here, I heard tons of Ingrid Michaelson, Frou Frou, Lily Allen, and other stuff from the 2000's. Surprised that Modest Mouse actually made the rotation.

The menu looked surprisingly big. I later found out that they'd recently added a lot of new items to the menu, which means that fans of Bachi HLK need to come back to check it out. I really wanted to try the french toast that everybody seems to be raving about, but my need for protein led me to pick the Home In The Country scramble ($11.95), which nobody seems to have reviewed. (Yep, just checked and didn't see it.)

Surprise, surprise. I was very impressed by the Home In The Country. The biscuits may not have been fluffy, but they were quite good with the sausage gravy (note: eat them before they grow cold). The scramble with bacon, red pepper, tomato, green onion, cheese, arugula, and avocado was delicious through and through. I especially enjoyed the avocado chunks in there. Finally, the hash browns were nice and crunchy and didn't need such crutches as ketchup or anything. I will say that the saltiness is a little bit high throughout the dish, with relief mostly coming from the avocado (and the glass of water).

I also ordered a starter, but man, that green tea crepe has no business being on anybody's table. The crepe batter itself didn't amount to anything, the cottage cheese barely passes for a filling, and the overall size is puny for $5.95. At least the fruit is fruit. Regardless, I would have much rather had a crepe from Suzuya, my alternate suggestion for this meal. Or a crepe from some mall kiosk. Seriously.

I also tried a couple of bites of some of my friends' orders. The sweet potato fries (complementing someone's sandwich) are a carbon copy of Bachi Burger's. The beets 'n strawberries ($4.95), which may be a new menu item, were a nice starter. Both the yellow beet and the strawberry pieces that I had were fresh and tasty. Finally, and perhaps even more impressive than my own scramble, was the crispy sweet chili chicken and waffles ($15.95). Great crunchy chicken, yummy waffles, and a syrup that has a non-standard sweet origin - possibly honey? I'll probably try that next time if I need my protein.

Green tea crepe aside, Bachi HLK is definitely a solid if pricey brunch spot, and a worthy member of the Bachi empire. I definitely intend to return, hopefully with a slightly larger budget (here's looking at you, ostrich burger).笑
So I am ADDICTED ..... Literally to BACHI BURGER ! 

   When Bachi HLK Finally Opened I was super thrilled. Every Saturday I usually take my daughter to Egg Works and I am so not a fan of their food but in my area there really isn't many options for early dining. 

  I went on their first day of their soft opening and the atmosphere made me feel as if I were in some rich area in France.  It was very Chic and elegant, the music was modern and played many of my Favorite songs =) I dislike dining in boring areas. The staff seemed a bit nervous but overall they were super nice, helpful and prompt with refills!  No one likes empty glasses more then I do.   My daughter had the Kids meal with Bacon, Eggs, potatoes and Fresh Fruit.  I had the Surf n Turf Eggs Benedict I totally went off my usual Carnivorous Nature which told me to get the Loco Moco with that 36 hour braised short rib... It came with a Dill Hollandaise sauce on top of a Perfectly Poached egg billowing on a mound of Smoked Turkey and Smoked Salmon.  The Sweetness of the Red Onion and the most Delicious Sweet Tomatoes I  have ever eaten cut right through the richness creating a perfect harmony of flavors in my mouth!  
   My friend got the Strawberry Banana Ricotta Pancakes, 3 huge pancakes, I had to have a taste and lets just say the next time I go in, I may have to have those as well =)  P.S.  THEY HAVE THE MOST DELICIOUS FRESHLY MADE ORANGE JUICE YOU WILL EVER TASTE!!! Trust me get it! 

I cannot wait to take more friends and show off the new breakfast/lunch eatery in my neighborhood.  If you are a fan of Bachi you won't go wrong trying this place out! Loco Moco here I Come!~笑
MMM!! My mouth is salivating just thinking about this place lol... Come here for brunch, and you won't be disappointed.  However, there's definitely very little that's "healthy" about this place lol

Located on the corner of Rainbow and Russell, I'm surprised this place doesn't get more crowded.  The food and service have always been great, ingredients are fresh, the place is clean, and the food network and cooking channel are always on their TVs (awesome!)--so I don't get it.  Why aren't there more people in this joint? Whatever--more room for me lol

Foods that I've loved: the classic eggs benedict, braised short rib loco moco, their breakfast sandwich, the wagyu beef burger, the chicken and waffles, and their brussel sprouts.  Oh and the acai bowl. SO. MUCH. FRESH. FRUIT!! YUM!!  One order that I didn't care for much are the beignets.  Everybody raves about them, but unless you're fried and coated in powdered sugar, don't call yourself a beignet; the guava jam dip that's served with it is quite tasty though.  I wasn't a fan of the yuzu aioli they serve with the sweet potato fries either.  Points for innovation, but I'm sorry, I will not be dipping my fries in that.  The lox with the eggs benedict is also kinda gross to me--don't let the words "surf and turf" fool you lol... 

My biggest qualm--I know this place just opened, and I think they're still trying to "find their niche," but I feel that food preparation lacks in consistency.  Don't get me wrong, the food is almost always great, but unfortunately, it isn't always the same.  My boyfriend ALWAYS orders the wagyu beef burger (he doesn't like change or branching out to new things lol), but the last time we ordered it, it just didn't look or taste the same as it was the other times we had ordered it. Boo. On a separate occasion, my eggs benedict's poached eggs were overcooked--no #yolkporn for me lol.  Another time, we ordered brussel sprouts and they seemed like they were steamed verses roasted or baked like the first time we had them.  So there.  Consistency--it is key to having patrons come back.  Hopefully they get it down soon, otherwise my boyfriend isn't gonna be so keen on coming back for brunch.  

Overall, I dig this place.  I love how they have a full bar.  The manager was talking about how they're going to start a bottomless mimosa brunch--she had me at mimosa!  I can't wait to come in for THAT!  The ruby red and tangerine mimosas are de-lish! :)笑
Bachi burger's new location HLK! Perfect for early birds and those who want to enjoy a nice brunch with their friends. Has a few items from bachi burger also including Bachi Fish and the Lonely Bird but their hashes and egg dishes are a must try! They have some delicious smoothies also and for those early drinkers, some delicious mimosas. 

Perfect spot for everyone, providing a wide selection of vegetarian and gluten free options. Being pescetarian myself, I still couldn't decide what to get from the variety they have! Totally different menu, and very much relaxing and the perfect spot for a little get-together brunch with you family and friends! Must try!笑
Really great, high quality food.  We had breakfast and bloody mary's which are very spicy - they definitely don't use a pre-made mix.  Really enjoyed our meal and great service and will look forward to a future visit.  The service was a bit slow but with any new restaurant, it'll be that way at first, so I say - don't beat them up over it - especially if you want to support non-chain type restaurants for more unique, pleasurable dining experiences.笑
I feel the same way about this restaurant as I do Bachi Burger, I love it! There are so many creative options here. I ordered the oxtail chili scramble, green tea crepes, and a green juice. I love that the restaurant has healthy options. I will definitely return and try other things on the menu. The staff was very nice and attentive too!笑
had the chicken with waffles. chicken was bit dry and not flavorful at all. the waffles were so so.. nothing spectacular. 

i love the brussels sprouts side dish ...sooo yummy! i just wished the zest infused in this dish was as good as the chicken!

will i come back??? sure thing. i want to try their other dishes.