Nothing too special but much better than El Campesino. My husband loves the cheese enchiladas (no onion) and I had the Tequila Lime Chicken. Great flavor. Our server was nice but the food took a tad bit too long. My only complaint would be... It feels sticky and dirty in there. It's more of a feeling rather than a visual comment. I think, Poncho & Lefty's is due for a makeover. We will be back. I am glad to have finally tried them, we were out of options for Mexican!Ǿ
Best margaritas around, the food is also great. The owner seems to always be there and he make every person that walks through the door feel very welcome. They have over 10 different flavored margaritas, and you can mix and match flavors. They also have a huge selection of great tequilas. If your looking for a great Mexican restaurant go see ponchos!!!Ǿ
First of all the dining room is cramped and they say us right next to a very large loud group of women when the dining room was 90 % empty.  The chips tasted like they were cooked in old grease.  The salsa was cold but flavorful.  The pork Tamali tasted dry and the cheese enchiladas I couldn't even finish eating because of the canny taste from the case on top.  The beans were good and the rice had no flavor.  My sister and I were extremely disappointed.  My sister had a chicken burrito that was good.  Two thumbs down I will never return.Ǿ
As Kate B said in her review, I was skeptical of this place. I am not a fan of most Mexican places around here because they all taste very similar to one another. Rice, beans, cheese, protein, tortilla. Hardly noticeable differences in recipes. This place, though...this place is legit.

First of all, the chips and salsa are the best I've ever had at a restaurant. The chips have a smoky seasoning and just enough salt, and the salsa is extremely fresh. I need to practice a lot of self-control around these, because the serving staff will keep refilling until your heart is content.

Hopefully you don't fill up on the chips and salsa, because the entrees are also delicious. I am partial to the traditional tacos, specifically the barbacoa beef. The tortillas are phenomenal, the seasoning on the meat is perfect, and the rice and beans are great every single time. Everything here tastes like someone's abuela is in the kitchen, cooking for her family.

One small heads up - the waiting area is almost non-existent. It's difficult to manage waiting with more than one other person during busy hours. But do yourself the favor and wait, even if you have to keep shifting around. It's so worth it.Ǿ
This is can't miss Mexican. Great salsa and chips, margaritas and the usual nachos, tacos, enchiladas etc. good salads, very good soups, attentive and quick service, friendly people. A happy place that sells great food at reasonable prices.Ǿ
First, I will admit they have a pretty good chimichanga and good margaritas. Chips and salsa are very good too.  So that is why I will give this place 3 stars.  But otherwise just a random TexMex place.  There are places with better mexican food and with MORE ROOM!  I will no longer go to this place though.  Too small, too crowded, and if you aren't a regular (of which there are many no matter when you go) plan to get passed up for tables.  If there a more than a couple people waiting, it can and will get crowded in their little bar/waiting area.  Also no matter how long you have been waiting, if you are just a couple, they will pass you up to seat larger parties (all of 3!) at the middle of the restaurant round tables.  No big deal unless you've been waiting for 30 minutes and it happens twice. Very annoyed and left the last time before getting seated.  Don't think they cared.  We weren't regulars....Ǿ
This is our favorite place to eat. The food is really good and the staff is super friendly. You can order anything on the menu and love it. The waitresses remember our orders from the previous visits and ask if we want the same - how can you beat that? The bar / waiting area is a little small but you won't be waiting there long - they get you seated super fast. The prices for authentic Mexican food is great.Ǿ
Service was great! Chips were alright (just tortilla chips with taco seasoning sprinkled on). Salsa was boring. Tampico Enchilada was decent. The shrimp on top was good. The flaked seafood option was lobster I believe. It was okay. The Tampico sauce was tasty. The presentation on the plate was very good. See the attached picture.Ǿ
I am giving this only one star because I went there to place a to-go order and sat there for over 20 minutes at the bar and never got asked what I wanted. In the meantime, someone else came in and picked an order up and he took several phone calls while I was sitting there. So I walked out.Ǿ
Just had dinner there for the first time and the fiid was delicious! A bit over priced but I'll for sure come back, the waiters could have been nicer though.Ǿ
I drive pass this place all the time and one night decided to at least order take out to try the food.

Girl at bar took my order, very nice, efficient.  Rest of staff seemed friendly.

Order was done quickly, took food home.  Not bad, not authentic Mexican however.  I noted that mole was not on the menu. The chips were seasoned, which is not true Mexican.  It's more of a tex-mex place.  

Parking set up is awkward.

Ok in a pinch.  Still searching for real Mexican food in Summit Co.Ǿ
I have been to this place at least once a month for three years!  It has wonderful service, GREAT chips and salsa, and is a quick, easy dinner option.Ǿ
Take out Review - easy order process, plethora of sauces, could have used some refinement.

We ordered the appetizer sampler and a shredded beef burrito and it was more than enough for 2 people with burrito left over.

Spice on the chips couldn't be identified and wasn't enjoyable... the salsa had no spice or flavor to save the chips.

The appetizers held up well to the 5 mile trip home and were till warm.

Guacamole was flavorful and the cheese whiz... was.. well... whiz.

The burrito was hard to cut even with our steak knives and the tablespoon of shredded lettuce and diced tomato was disappointing.

I would order take out again... and ask them to leave off the chips... and add lettuce and tomato... but would definitely return.Ǿ
The wait staff and Management are rude.  The prices are high and the food is bad.  I would not recommend this place to anyone.  Did I mention how dirty it is.  Go elsewhere.Ǿ
First off,Poncho and Leftys has been a family staple for my entire life. I go there about once a week. 
Renee the owner is a great guy and extremely down to earth. He hires only the best and most friendly of staff. I have never gone there and been disappointed with the service.
Enough of that. The food is absolutely great. It is not super fancy or anything, but the portions are large and everything comes with free chips and salsa. My favorite items are the green burrito and tequila lime chicken. With that everything is great.  I would recommend it to anyone in the Stow-Kent area.Ǿ
Any restaurant named after a Townes Van Zandt song deserves to be recognized! I preferred this place to the other Mexican place in Stow that all my friends would get drunk off margaritas at. I ate at Pancho & Lefty's a good 5 or 6 years ago. I still think about the waitress. She was the girl of my dreams. Too bad I was with my college girlfriend at the time. She definitely snuffed out the flame that almost was ignited from the many sparks that were flying at our dinner table between me and the waitress. If I would have known how that relationship would have ended up, I would have been like Lefty from the song the place is named after, rode off into the sunset with the waitress. I may travel down there and try to relive that glorious day. The dinner almost reminded me of Lost in Translation. At least we did share that short time together. Even if the waitress forgot. Still a great place to grab Mexican!Ǿ
I love this place! It's small and simple inside but by far the best Mexican restaurant in the area. Try the frozen margaritas , the fajitas and chimichangas can't be beat and smother with green chili to make it perfect!Ǿ
El campesino in stow is 17 times better I'm not going to waste my time writing anything elseǾ
This is my go to Mexican restaurant. I am a vegetarian, and they are always willing to accommodate or change certain menu items for me. I usually get the taco salad without any meat, as I love the crispy shell it comes in. They also have a warm black bean and corn side/salsa, and I love to get it for my chips. All of the people working there have always been friendly.Ǿ
The food was below average. It wasn't true authentic Mexican food. The tortillas seemed like they were purchased from a grocery store. The prices were kind of high for the portion size and quality of the meal. Lastly, they didn't carry any Mexican hot sauces like Tapatio, Cholula, El Yucateco, etc.Ǿ
For cantina style mexican food, Pancho & Lefty's is the best in the region. Burrito, taco, and enchilada plates could go against plenty of SF taquerias. Ask for the habenaro salsa with your chips... off menu, but they always have a stash.Ǿ
Just ate here for the first time and was not disappointed. Maybe not quite as authentic as other places but the food is very good and you get a lot for a fair price.Ǿ
We visited Pancho & Lefty's excited to try a Mexican Restaurant with a great location, in between work, play, and sitter. We did not leave the restaurant excited. Salsa, service, and main courses were all poor. Unfortunately, we will not be going here again.Ǿ
Great Mexican beer selection and Margaritas. Food is really good too. Gets crowded around meal times.Ǿ
I love Pancho & Lefty's. I went here on National Margarita Day (which was also Margarita Monday for them). The margaritas kept flowing and the food was delicious. You have to wait a little while, but it's usually less time than they actually tell you initially. It was a little loud in there, but it was fine for me and my cousin. Service is also great, and they really stay on top of things, no matter how busy it is in the restaurant. It's a true Stow treasure.Ǿ
Love it. The chips are great... Not just the usual Mexican chips... They are awesome. Queso dip is great, all the food is amazing and they have a ton of margarita flavor s.Ǿ
Definitely one of the better Mexican restaurants I have been to.  My favorites are the taco combo dinner, and the beef enchiladas.  The chips and salsa are delicious and plentiful.  Fast service and friendly staff.  I suppose my only complaint would be that it is a rather small place so it can get crowded and a bit noisy, but I still think it deserves a solid 5 stars.Ǿ
Awesome food and drinks, not too fond of the chips though(the seasoning is odd). Many margarita flavors and they are very good. There arnt too many texmex places around anymoreǾ
Their margaritas are fantastic and they offer a variety of flavors. The enchiladas are tasty, as are the tacos and queso dip. But be prepared to wait for a table if you go during peak times because it is a pretty small dining room. The servers are always pleasant.Ǿ
All I want to say is $24 is outrageous for a "pitcher" of margaritas. Small pitcher, mediocre flavor and undetectable tequila. 

Good food, but margaritas make it or break it.Ǿ
I crave the Mexican pizza with chorizo. Soooo delicious.   
The seasoning on the chips is great,  too.Ǿ
I have wanted to try P&L for so long but always forget about this little watering hole!  I finally got to try it and felt very underwhelmed.

The drinks were OK - I'm not one for a flavored fruity margarita, but if you are into it there appear to be a lot of options.  The marg was a little sweet, under tequila-d, and not worth a second one, so I switched to some Mexican beer.

The chips were seasoned, which usually would have excited me for being different, but they tasted burned and blah.  The salsa also had little kick or flavor, I was le disappointed.

The food was good - but not memorable.  I had the tacos which were nice and large and stuffed.  The quesadilla seemed a bit disappointing.

All in all, its small and there is often a bit of a wait - and it is not worth it. For some OK food  though, it is not a bad option.Ǿ
This place used to be the best. Had a dish called the Tasmanian Devil and it was to die for. Rumor has it the couple who owned it got divorced. She got this place, and boy has it suffered.

A year ago my girl and I went here. She was happy, I was not. I cannot remember what I had, but it looked like puke on a plate.

She talked me in to going again recently. Boy was she sorry. I live about 7 minutes from the restaurant. Between leaving there and getting home, my girl got sick. Violent vomiting. She has had enough, thankfully.

Unless you're a fan of the technicolor yawn, avoid this place. Only good thing about the restaurant is the free chips: they have chili powder on them.Ǿ
I used to love this place and have been going for years. Thought the other reviews about getting sick were bunk - that is until tonight...

Ordered a shredded beef grande burrito and a couple hours after getting home I was projectile vomiting. I almost never feel this way and only ate one other thing all day. Very healthy person. Food poisoning I am sure of it.

Frankly I am pissed. It's a work night and I just don't have the time to be awake and seeing dinner a second time tonight. I'm a busy corporate type guy and just can't. Near decade long patron - done. Heed the warnings of other reviews regarding sickness/food poisoning. I thought it was a joke or weak stomachs but it's no joke. I'd love to blame it on something or someplace else I really really would but I know what I've had today and can't escape fact.

Now that it's out of me I feel just fine. Funny how the body gives you clues yeah?Ǿ
Cute and cozy little place, reasonable prices, and decent food.  This is not the best Mexican food I've ever had, nor the most authentic.  It's not the kind of place that I would get a craving for.  But if you're in the mood for Mexican, and you're in the area, it's perfectly good.  And it's definitely family friendly.Ǿ
Look, I was skeptical. Good Mexican food in Stow, OH? Yeah, unlikely.

But I was wrong. I was so wrong. Pacho & Lefty's is, frankly, some of the best Mexican food I've ever had. It beats out big-city food on the East Coast & even in Texas. Pancho & Lefty's knows Mexican food. Theirs is authentic - & delicious.

I went with the tacos - three for just $10, including rice & beans on the side - & couldn't decide which to choose. They all sounded good, but then again, if done incorrectly, they all could've been bad. I've had some not-so-good tacos in my time. But I settled on two pork al pastor tacos (pork with pineapple) & one chorizo, & I hoped for the best.

I needn't have worried. Truly, these are the best tacos I think I've ever had, & I eat/make a lot of tacos. They were juicy & flavorful, not greasy, & the corn tortillas were thick & soft, but sturdy enough to keep from falling apart when I picked them up. Needless to say, I inhaled them.

Don't eat too much of the chips & salsa, tempting though it may be (& delicious though they are). You're going to want to leave plenty of room for your main course! You're almost guaranteed to leave full & happy.Ǿ
Been here twice and ordered the Chimichongas--Steak and then beef.  Both were excellent.  I want this place to succeed.