Was a regular customer at Center Street and was very sad to see it close.  When we saw that Mayworth was opening, we were very excited.  We've eaten here several times.  The food is ok but the atmosphere doesn't have the same welcoming feeling that Center Street had.  Plus we went to Center Street for brunch after church almost every Sunday because it was so affordable. 

I hope they change up the menu and run their brunch longer on Sundays.  The Sunday Brunch crowd is a very important crowd and it seems that Mayworth isn't interested in this.笑
The wings were really good. I took my girlfriend out on a date here. We only met an hour ago. I used this dating website called Craigslist. She was really nice and I made her get just the salad cause I was cheap. Ok enough about myself, the food was absolutely amazing. I would recommend this place to anybody who is bringing a blind date. 


PS just kidding my 3 year relationship girlfriend would kill me if she found out that I posted this review lol笑
Hamburger sliders were solid. Bar tenders attentive. Great group of people who could sing on karaoke night.笑
This is one of my favorite hangouts, the wait staff ranks really high (thanks James and Rebecca)--They take their job very seriously.  The food is awesome, even though I eat mostly salads these days.  I get the grilled shrimp added to the build your own which is excellently prepared.  Great rum cocktails too with a nice local draft beer selection.  I go about once a week just to see everybody that works there, excellent armosphere!笑
Beer selection fantastic. The wings were cooked to perfection. We had hot and garlic Parmesan mixed with mild. The service was fast. The kids loved and devoured their mini burgers and Mac/cheese. Also, you have to try the sloppy joe waffle fries. Worth the short detour off I-85. You won't regret it.笑
This restaurant is brand new, and we waited a couple weeks to try it. Downtown Cramerton is extremely quaint, and we already have a favorite restaurant there (South Fork Deli). This is a wonderful addition to the downtown area! Very different type of food from South Fork, but also delicious!

The restaurant itself is on the dark side with lots of wood and not much lighting, but it's not unwelcoming by any means. We sat in a booth and it felt fairly private. There are big screen TV's to watch the games, but they aren't overpowering if you just want to sit and dine. (We went around 6 pm, so I'm not sure how this changes as it gets later).

Food wise, it was good. We would order some things again, and probably not order others - but everything was fresh, homemade, and unique! The menu is not huge but allows for a lot of customization.

Appetizer: We got the chips and queso. The chips were good. The queso was on-point with taste, and was definitely homemade and not from a can! But, the consistency was off. It was heavy and not as "runny" as I would have liked... more like a guacamole consistency. We would probably not order it again.

Drinks: We split two mojitos - black raspberry and regular. Again, we would probably not order them but more because of personal taste. They were VERY sweet, but the flavor was good. They used fresh mint leaves which was a huge plus! Just too sweet for us - but not a bad reflection on the bartender by any means.

Dinner: My husband just got a house salad and it was great! Lots more toppings than a standard house salad. I got the southwest chicken salad and it had corn, black beans, chicken tenders, spring mix, pico de gallo, and a BBQ ranch. The greens were fresh, the chicken tenders were impeccable, and the corn was clearly freshly grilled and cut right off the cob! DELICIOUS! The BBQ ranch sauce was delicious, although it got a little too spicy for me toward the end. However, the taste was on point - unique, delicious, and definitely something I would order again.

Something else great about this restaurant was the service! They were busy, but all workers were helping one another. Multiple servers brought our meals, cleaned up dishes, etc. The manager/owner (not sure) stopped by every table to thank us for visiting and ask how our meals were. Our server was quick with refills, the check, etc, but we never felt rushed. I hope that the enthusiasm with service continues as the restaurant loses the "newness." It's nice to see a group of employees working together and keeping a restaurant moving!

Overall, the restaurant was slightly pricey, but quality was second to none. Even the food that we didn't love, was still made well and with fresh ingredients. We look forward to trying something new on the menu next time we come.笑
What a find in quaint Cramerton! Our server, James had an awesome personality which made for a pleasant experience, however, the food is the star of the show! The house  made pimento cheese has just the right amount of heat and the Mayworth chips are scrumptious!笑
Unique location with excellent offerings. Located right in downtown Cramerton's town square. One of the South's historic mill villages, we had a great time waking around the neighborhood and Goat Island park before dinner. Great beer lineup and food offerings, we particularly enjoyed the build your own salad option and the beef on weck.笑
Mayworth's is one of my go-to's. It's always a solid choice. There's not a huge menu, but you'll find something to please everyone from the "chicken tender plate" to your more adventurous foodies. It can get quite busy, and for good reason. 

The sweet potato waffle fries are AMAZING, and the regular waffle fries come with some kind of chipotle bbq ranch sauce that is good on everything. The mac and cheese is comforting, with some fun options to dress it up if you like. I've had the spinach and goat cheese sandwich made with chicken, it's a bit like a gyro sandwich, and a great lighter option. The korean bbq chicken is good too, tangy, but I usually get it without the bun because it's a bit big and unwieldy with the extra bread. The pretzels are also a really yummy appetizer, but I'd recommend a double serving of the honey mustard sauce, and skipping the queso. I've never done a salad there, but I'm looking forward to trying the wings at some point. Plenty of beer and wine options, I like to go on Mondays for half-price wine.笑
Best waffle fries ever! Great beer and wine selections along with great cocktail menu. Had the regular burger with side salad and waffle fries. If you love crispy waffle fries then these are for you. Salad was fresh and the burger wasn't a thin patty. Looks like the homemade kind. Check was about $50 for 2 burger, 1 cocktail, a side salad, and 3 draft beers. Not too shabby. Sports bar feel and music in the background. Definitely will be back.笑
Lemme just say this is an adorable and friendly little pub. Never went to the old place. I highly recommend what it is now though. Diverse menu and pretty appropriate pricing. Good regional beer selection as well as some regular cheap standby beers. I would come here super often if I lived nearby.笑
Come on, Yelp -- this place is a 2 at best. I was totally suckered into this mediocre dinner by reviews that are way too high for the actual quality of the place. What a waste. Weird service, salty-as-hell sides, tough steak ... wish I could get a redo on this particular dinner choice. Just because you live in the sticks doesn't mean you rate something a 5 for simply existing in your town.笑
Great service and food. Went on a Saturday night and the place was packed. Judging by the number of kids it's family friendly but I wouldn't take small kids. Sliders were perfect, fish taco and shrimp tacos were so good. Extensive beer and wine selection. Definitely a diamond in the ruff.笑
First time in.  Visiting friends from the area. Nice atmosphere, warm and inviting. The food was good, nice portions.  I am saying a 4 star rating because they need to work on the service. Not terrible but there is room for improvement. It maybe a new business and they maybe working the bugs out.  Everything else was wonderful!笑
Overall I liked this place, it's a sports bar so expect it to be loud!  I decided to have appetizers for my dinner because I wanted to try a couple of different things.  I had the small order of bee sting wings and the sloppy Joseph waffle fries.  The waffle fries were outstanding, the flavor combination of the sweet sloppy Joe with the spicy jalapeños and queso was a winning combination.  The wings were average, good but nothing special.  I was disappointed with the blue cheese, it was very runny and thin with no chunks of blue cheese to be found.  I am looking forward to coming back and trying some of the entrées.笑
Very good food!  Recommended by co-workers and worth the trip. The black bean burger was perfect and the mussels were delicious in the spicy tomato sauce with andouille sausage.  The music trivia was icing on the experience cake with the whole place joining in!笑
I have dinner at Mayworth about once a week with my friends, and we have never had a bad experience.The staff is always cheerful and timely when taking an order, and the managers really go out of their way to make sure your dining experience is everything you would want it to be. Excellent food, great beer selection, and all at very affordable prices. 
If you're looking for a good appetizer to feed a larger group, definitely order the sloppy joe waffle fries. You won't be disappointed. 

Need a place to take your furry friend? They even have a patio section out back where they allow customers to bring their dogs! With the Goat Island park right across the street, I can think of no better way to spend a Saturday than taking my dog for a walk in the park and then hitting the pub for a cold one.笑
First here so I tried the burger. It was very juicy and moist. For my side items got mac and cheese. It was  very creamy but not very cheesy. They have a large selection of draft and bottle beers at the bar. Lots of TVs. Great place to come for lunch during the weekday. I have not tried them on the weekend it. My waitress was very attentive and she checked on me at least 5 times in 30 minutes. LOL笑
I've been here a few times for Trivia Night.  I recommend!  Great location in small downtown near the river.  Nice atmosphere, attentive staff.  I've tried the pretzels, chili, and a burger.  All were very good.  I need to get back and try more things on the menu!笑
We live in the area and have visited several times. Each time the restaurant has been light traffic. Tonight we entered during shift change and our waitress did not show up for 20 minutes. I asked to speak to the manager but she never showed up. Passed by us multiple times but never stopped. Food was average and service was poor up front. Too many choices in the area so we will not be back for food or drink.笑
Great food and service! I got the 
shrimp tacos with sweet potato waffle fries and my husband got the mac and cheese with bacon and jalapenos. Both were very good and the rum runner drink was very strong! Will definitely be back with family in tow...笑
Very very very yummy! Can't believe how much food! We started with the Sloppy Joe Fries this was enough for a meal for BOTH of us! But we were ambitious and ordered more food! Wings- yumm, Chazz's meatloaf- yumm (and an awesome name!) sweet potato fries- yumm! 
They also have a good selection of craft beer on tap and in the bottle! Great service very friendly! Overall very impressed! We will be back!笑
Great little pub located in historic downtown Cramerton! Don't be fooled by the pub label however as this place serves up some wickedly good food. In particular, the Buffalo chicken tacos are fantastic. I have ordered them on both my visits along with the thinly sliced, perfectly fried sweet potato waffle fries and have been very satisfied both times.

The fish tacos also rock as do the collard greens, which may be the best this greens lover has ever had. 

The service is very friendly and attentive. The atmosphere is festive and attractive with wood floors and beadboard booths. Will always eat here whenever I'm in the area. It's  almost worth the drive from Charlotte (I said almost).笑
On a few occasions my hubby and I have ordered take-out from here and it was always good. We went to the resturant last week and it was trivia night. Place was packed and very loud but all in good fun. Service was great and food was good. Some items we have ordered over the last few months and enjoyed were.....wings (ordered hot), side salad was awesome, loaded baked potatoes were delicious, hubby loved the bacon wrapped meatloaf and waffle fries. Things we thought were meh were mac and cheese (bland) , burger was a little dry and chicken fingers also dry. Mayworth is a great neighborhood joint and we look forward to going back.笑
When in the middle of Belmont,NC this little pub is a good spot to hit. The staff was prompt, the ambience good, the beer selection impressive, and the food above average. My colleague and I happen to dine on a Friday night which is also Trivia night and I must admit it was a blast. I ordered a salad with seared tuna and it was pretty good. My colleague ordered the wing entrée and it was plentiful (7 wings and a side).笑
We were visiting the Daniel Stowe Gardens and decided to go local food for lunch, checked yelp and decided to give this place a visit.. They had a lunch special of the day so we chose it.  Ordered the Buffalo chicken tacos and sweet potato waffle chips.  Both were very good and with a very reasonable price! The staff was excellent. Highly recommended to give it a try if you are in the area.. .笑
Definitely a sports bar. Really fun on Sunday's! Staff has great customer service skills. Good beer selection but wish there was more since it's a public house. Food across the board is good too! Don't drink their water though. Seems to be a known issue for a long time.笑
For such a small town, this place is almost always busy!  

Everything I have tried here is consistently good. Typically when I'm in the mood for wings this is my go-to spot! 

The owner is super friendly and is there most days!笑
Loved  the fish tacos and Mac Attack Burger. The sloppy Joe waffle fries are amazing. Wife's salmon was undercooked but staff handled very well.笑
Decided to try Mayworths tonight for dinner. We were seated right away and the server was quick to take our drink order. We started with one of the advertised Happy Hour appetizers, soft pretzels with pimento cheese dip & honey mustard. It took awhile to arrive. The pretzel pieces were room temp around the edge of the plate and only a few warm pieces in the middle. We had to send the cheese dip back because it was cold. Our server picked the cup of cheese dip up off of the plate and took it to the kitchen. A film had formed on the top because it must have sat in the window awhile. The cook microwaved the heck out of the cheese, still in the plastic cup, and served it. 

We ordered shrimp tacos and a burger. I will say that the burger was cooked perfectly and the tots were the hottest part of the meal, not counting the renuked cheese dip.  The shrimp were over cooked and tough. They were served on double-layered corn tortillas, which were stale. The water, or the cups, had a funky flavor, almost like mildew. 

Not the worst place I've eaten, but not someplace I'm going to go back to anytime soon. There are lots of similar style restaurants in the area worth trying.笑
Excellent lunch spot!  

Went for the first time today and had a great experience. Waitress was very helpful with her suggestions. 
We started with the Sliders Appetizer, which we delicious and plenty for a full meal.  I had the Buffalo Chicken Tacos, which were delicious. Tons of flavor and very fresh. 
Sweet Potato Fries were also amazing!  

Overall, we had a great experience with great service, great food and a few great drinks!笑
This place has become one of my favorites. Thursday and Sunday beer specials and outstanding food. The staff is quite regular, as in they appear to be staying with the business. Has turned out to be much better than my first assessment. So far, I have nothing but kudos for this restaurant.笑
Sooooo good!! I'd give them 5 stars but the service was quite slow for a Thursday afternoon. The food was worth the wait, though, and our server was super sweet. I ordered a grilled chicken sandwich with the spinach and goat cheese style option - wow it was delicious! My chicken was a bit more burned on the outside than I would have liked, but I pulled off some of the pieces and was able to enjoy it none-the-less. The hubs got the foot long hot dog southern style which he inhaled. We both got the pasta salad side which was very good - lots of veggies and lightly dressed so it's not your typical pasta salad (at least from a Jersey perspective). I liked this place a lot and wish we didn't have to rush to the airport to return home - I would have happily stayed for another round of drinks and maybe even dessert. Thank you, Yelp, for pointing this place out! We wouldn't have known about it otherwise.笑
One of my favorite restaurants. I love the blackened chicken pasta most of all, but have never had anything here that I didn't love. They have some of the best waffle fries here.笑
Nice quiet atmosphere for lunch. The turkey club was excellent and the sweet potato fries are perfectly crispy and salted. My server Serena was very attentive and efficient. I'll definitely be back笑
Great lunch today!  I've been wanting to try this New place.  We started with pimento cheese dip and chips which was amazing...great amount of heat.  I had the California Black Bean Burger with avocado and pepper jack cheese.  Burger was great.  Our waitress did an excellent job with our large group of 6 women and 3 kids!!  This is a great addition to the community.笑
Our experience first and certainly not last experience at Mayworth's was great! The decor and overall ambiance of the restaurant was dark and somewhat industrial. I loved the woodwork and the Edison bulbs in the lamps put a nice touch on things. The TVs in the restaurant were appropriately placed to give you something to look at. I loved the tall backs on the booths as it did offer privacy to your table. The booths were not padded which is fine to me as some restaurants have sunken booths that are uncomfortable. 
The bar was beautiful and rustic. Definitely a welcomed addition to Cramerton! The patio area was not offered but the option is there. I wished the area was not so fenced in.

Food was good. I had the Mayworth's chicken. The siraracha sauce gave it a nice kick but was perfectly balanced with the tzatziki sauce. The chicken was perfectly cooked and the marinade reminded me of a Greek marinade I've had before. The rice its served was a a bit much. It was literally an bowl of rice with chicken on top. I would have much rather had a smaller portion of rice and a vegetable. 

Maria our server was EXCELLENT! She was pleasant and professional. Her silent service was appreciated and her recommendations were spot on. Maria made the experience very enjoyable by serving our needs perfectly.笑
What a great place.  Has the warm feel of an old Irish bar but with updated and finished look. Great view of TVs from any seat, solid beer selection and the whole family was very happy with the food. This is what a bar/restaurant should be.笑
We have always enjoyed eating here and food had always been great... however we ate there yesterday and my husband ordered a hamburger that was to be cooked medium well. It was raw. Cold in the middle it was mooing  GROSS.笑
Love the salads here. One of the choices is build your own, picking 7 ingredients from an extensive list. All of the ingredients are very fresh and tasty.

I also like the iced tea here. Good flavor. And they charge a reasonable  $1.95.

There is a nice "local" vibe. Kind of like the neighborhood bar/grill that everyone searches for but rarely finds.  Part of the reason that is the friendly service from the servers and the attentiveness of the manager.

This is what a well-run local restaurant looks like!笑
The menu had a great selection and it isn't your typical bar food.  Very good beer selection (locals) and great staff. Can't wait to go back again!笑
Love this local spot! Food is fantastic. Get the sloppy Joe fries - you will not be disappointed!笑
This was an overall delightful experience, and exactly what I was looking for when it comes to pub food.

We came on a cool Friday night, around 8:30pm.  It wasn't terribly crowded, nor loud.  We were promptly seated and our server came by quickly for our drink order.  Alas, they were out of the one beer on tap I wanted, Bell's Two Hearted Ale, but they did have Hop Drop & Roll in the bottle so that minor misstep was overlooked.

As an app, we got the pretzels.  Two large, soft pretzels come with a pot of queso and a pot of mustard.  These pretzels were delicious; chewy, salty, and brushed with enough butter to make them glisten.  The queso and mustard were excellent complements.

For my entrée, I got the classic burger with some sriracha mayo.  My wife got the spinach and goat cheese black bean burger.  I got the standard waffle fries, while she got the sweet potato waffle fries.

My burger was cooked about as well as a burger can be.  I asked for it medium, and while it was a tad medium-well on the edges, overall it was great.  What made this burger special was the seasoning.  It was PERFECTLY seasoned.  A round of applause to the line cook and his judicious use of the salt shaker.  The bacon on the burger was also perfectly cooked, the sriracha mayo I got on the side was par for the course, and of course what tied it all together was the Martin's potato roll, literally the best bun you can use.  I savored every bite.

My wife enjoyed her burger.

Both the regular and the sweet potato waffle fries were great as well.  Crispy, hot, and well-seasoned.  Exactly what you're looking for in a french fry.

Prices were exceedingly reasonable, the quality was high, and service was excellent.  I'd consider Mayworth Public House to be a higher-quality, more reasonably priced alternative to some place like The Liberty in Charlotte.笑
A great little restaurant in a quaint southern town. My wife and I decided to stop in on a Sunday. It was busy but we were seated quickly. I ordered the fish tacos and a side salad with homemade Bleu cheese dressing, and my wife had the breakfast burger with the hashbrown caserole off of the brunch menu and both meals were great! Our server was awesome!  We'll definitely be back!笑
I had one bad experience at Mayworth, but it appears that it was just a bad night.  I have been back three times since the last review and the food and service was perfect.笑
Mayworth is a classy edition to the Cramerton area. The space has been resurrected in an all new exciting way. Rich, dark woods everywhere you look. Mid sized bar and a ton of flat screens. Best of all are the beer selections that include rotating seasonals from NODA, Triple C, and Sugar Creek on tap, plus an extensive list of bottled beer. Lots of great appetizers, including mussels steamed with chorizo, garlic and fresh basil. There's a really neat build your own salad section. Looking forward to trying the burger with Mac and cheese with bacon next visit!!! Yes they put it on the burger!! The Beef on Weck also looks killer!!笑
This used to be a go to place for us, but several months ago, we noticed a new manager.  He seems far more interested in hanging out than managing a restaurant.  Today was the last straw.  The same manager sat us, and we waited more than ten minutes.  No server approached us, and the manager was just shooting the breeze with his obvious buddies.  We won't be back.  Sad to say, because we really like the atmosphere.  Please let me know when you get rid of that horrible manager, and I'll be happy to give you another chance.笑
We ate here on Friday of the opening weekend and it was super crowded but we got seated relatively fast for a peak hour. The server was nice and she gave us the drink and food specials. 
The food came quick and it was good. 
The place has a ton of TVs and so if you want a quiet romantic dinner this is not your place. They had the basketball tournament going and so the crowd was definitely there for the sports. 

Price was reasonable and would like to come back.笑
nice for those evenings when you just don't feel like cooking.笑
This place compares to restaurants in Charlotte, fresh ingredients and great flavors!  Atmosphere is inviting and service was great plus the food was delicious!  So far this has been the best place we have eaten in Gaston County.  I had the vegetarian tacos and my husband had a burger.  This will become a regular place for us to visit.笑
The small town of Cramerton has a couple of eating places. This has been opened for a year, friendly staff, so so menu. The Pimento Cheese dip was decent.  Not spectacular. I had the Jamaican Ribeye, MR, my husband had the burger, medium.  Both were very undercooked. Bake potato was cold.
 Seasoning on the Ribeye was interesting. My steak was rare, cool to touch, and poor quality. A Ribeye should not have excessive gristle throughout. 
Having said that, this is a neat gathering place for friends and couples wanting an evening out without a bunch of riff raff.  I would stick to the standard bar food and forgo the dinner menu.笑
Neat sports bar/restaurant located smack-dab in the heart of Cramerton, a quaint southern mill town.  It exudes Americana.  Think Mayberry and you get the picture (sans Andy, Barney & Aunt Bea).

I've visited twice for lunch and both times was treated warmly with friendly staff, good food all at great prices.  My advice:  pull a seat at the bar, say 'hey" to Bree, nurse a frosty and enjoy some well-prepared grub.  Me likes it!  Nice.笑
Fun place, trivia night is a blast.  Food is very good with nice variety.  Full bar and nice beer selection.  They have a nice back patio as well.笑
Excellent food. Friendly service. Attentive management. We were very happy with our meal here. There was nothing wrong with the previous place but this is an improvement.

Only minor negative is that the music in the bar is a little loud and echoes out into the dining area. Most people going to a pub probably won't mind it.