Turkey-bacon club on sourdough is excellent. And the Ham-Swiss is always great.Ǿ
This is a simple deli with really good quality food.  Everything is fresh and homemade. They have daily specials and are open to customer requests.  Everything on the menu is good and the prices are really reasonable!Ǿ
I started working on central ave. and found Mahon's and quickly became my favorite lunch time stop for great sandwiches!Ǿ
This hidden gem, tucked in the lobby of an office building is my favorite lunch spot. The food is delicious, fresh and comes with a side of laughter. The sandwiches are fantastic,  the quesadillas delicious and the breakfast burritos the best in town (and are available all day). If you have the chance to get the potato salad- take it.  Yum. All of it.Ǿ
Love this place! I go out of my way to eat lunch here. I'm not big on sandwich shops but everything here is so good. The menu items are relatively basic stuff but somehow they make it taste great. The breakfast burritos are really good also. I love the soup, sandwiches, cookies...it's all good! The owners and staff are delightful.Ǿ
I would give them zero stars if I could but I cannot. $10 for a Reuben sandwich?! Wtf and it was terrible. Additionally it was so small the entire sandwich was 4-5 bites. I could have went down the street to Thai basil and got a complete meal (dinner size) real meat and real food, left, happy, stuffed and paid $9 out the door. I should not have listened to my colleague about this place. I will now have to go somewhere else and spend another $10 because I cannot even tell I've eaten anything here. DREADFULǾ
Ooh, I get to be the first review. I just discovered this sandwich place in the lobby of the building next door to my office building. My understanding is it hasn't been here that long. Mahon's is focused on this location and got out of the Camelback/19th Avenue area. It's a nice change of pace from the cafeteria in my building where they have wraps and burgers. This is just simple, "what you see is what you get" sandwiches at very reasonable prices. I was happy to see that they offered a Reuben. Even though I knew I was basically eating a pile of salt, I still enjoyed the pastrami with the saukraut. You have your choice of potato salad or a bag of chips as a side. The guys that run the place were very nice and outgoing. I look forward to trying some of the other items on their menu. I'm just happy to have another convenient lunch option.