Great beer selection. Food was decent but not compelling. Pork schnitzel wasn't overly tasty as mushroom sauce was a bit bland and sauerkraut too sweet. Falafel wrap was nicely put together but deadly spicy on certain bites. 3 TVs make for a decent environment if you're seated in the right spot for watching a game. I wish their seats had backs.笑
We popped in to Bru for lunch on Saturday and had a very nice meal. I ordered the turkey club but ended up eating my kid's kid burger because he didn't want any and once I took a bite I COULD NOT STOP. I haven't had a Big Mac in maybe 25 years, but this is how I remember it to be X 1000000. It was so so so good, and I think I'm getting the Big Mac vibe because of the sauce and the way the cheese and lettuce melt/crisp together. The fries were just okay. If I were to come here again I would ask them to skip the seasoning on the fries. The service was good and we all got to share a giant bowl of kid's ice cream at the end. My lunch mates had the fish and chip and the adult burger. Both looked good but tbh I was too busy enjoying my kid's burger to ask how they were...oops. Definitely worth checking out if you're in Oakville!笑
What a delicious and friendly place to go for lunch in Oakville.  It is warm and they turn out tasty lunch fare.  We had the fried shrimp special and BLT sandwich.  The BLT was Packed with ingredients so you better have an empty stomach if you order this one.  My shrimp was only an appetizer so it was not plentiful but the rings of cassava frites that went with made it over the top good.  I wish they have it as lunch sized order.  Will definitely come here again!笑
Smoked peanuts are amazing and CHEAP.  If you like craft beer this place is for you!  Portions are good!笑
I know you can't control a crowd but it's just so Oakville to walk in to a 'craft beer bar' and see 80% of people drinking wine. My friend and I had one beer and decided this really wasn't the atmosphere we expected. Too bad because it's a cool space. 

Two stars for the extensive beer selection.笑
What a great happening lil bar! 

Holy crap everyone has just got to try this beef brisket sandwich! I'd drive from Toronto just to order it. Definitely lives up to the hype! 

Also throughly enjoyed the oyster app and mussels and their chicken club is good took. 

Highly recommended and can't wait to be back!笑
Loved this restaurant !!! The service was great and the atmosphere. The setup was super trendy and well decorated. We ordered a couple apps, the general Tao fried cauliflower was on special, not normally on the menu, it was out of this world good. It needs to be added to the menu !! Please. My meat eating husband was skeptical but they taste like chicken wings and a hell of a lot healthier. We also had the Caesar salad, one of the best I've had in a long time, very flavourful. Then we got the cheese balls, who doesn't love fried cheese ??  So good and the frites, which are the dark brown stubby with skin on best type of fries !! Honestly best restaurant experience in while and I eat out a lot. Tons of craft beer choices as well. Can't wait to go back ! Hopefully the general Tao cauliflower is on the menu soon :)笑
Three out of four tenors can't be wrong! Bru is exactly what it is. 10 local beers on tap and plenty more in the bottle. Don't worry they've got wine too, just in case that fourth tenor shows up. Nice menu. The nachos had me singing their praises.笑
Love this little bar!

The atmosphere is great. It has an upscale look, but casual atmosphere. There is a TV on the wall for those that need to stay updated on the latest sports score, but the decor makes you feel as if you're in a hip, trendy restaurant. Best of both worlds really!

It is quite small, but they do take reservations. I would strong suggest a reservation anytime after 7pm as it did get quite busy and there were many people waiting at the bar for a table to become available. 

The service was fantastic. We were offered drinks by three different servers upon sitting down and it appeared we had two servers all evening who explained the menu in full detail, gave us their opinion on some dishes and came over numerous times to see how we were doing. Kudos to the cute waiter who really laid on the charm while he was serving us. Extra brownie points for making us feel special. 

We started the evening with pitas and dips. Fantastic. The pita was served warm, the hummus was fantastic as was the olive tapenade. I had the Smoked Pork "Wings" served with corn bread and coleslaw. I had one of the sweeter sauces on the pork ribs which was great. The portion was huge. I took half home. The meat was so tender that it fell off the bone and the corn bread was moist. Fantastic! 5 stars for sure.

 One of my friends had the Steak and Frites which she really enjoyed. The steak was cooked perfectly and the fries were just the right crispness and not too mushy in the middle. 

My other friend had the smoked turkey club which she also loved and ended up taking half home. She really loved the guac and spicy mayo - gave it a really nice flavour and made it different from other club sandwiches. 

The three of us split three ice cream sliders. Fantastic. They are the perfect three bite size. Great way to finish off a meal. 

Presentation of all the meals fantastic. Different, appealing to the eye. Mine was in a really nice bowl, the club was served on a long platter and the steak and frites were show cased on a big round plate.

This is a great trendy little place in downtown Oakville. Exactly what they needed to bring the young people out. I wouldn't recommend this place for kids. Keep it for a friend night out!笑
One of our favourite restaurants downtown Oakville. Love the nachos and the turkey club sandwich is one of the best I've ever had. Rotating taps is always nice as the selection changes all the time. Lots of great new beers discovered here.笑
Decided to try this place last night.  As soon as we walked in, we felt like we have always come here.  Service was amazing.  Beer selection was perfect, all craft beers. The food was super.  An amazing  gem in Oakville.笑
We were in Oakville to go to Lee's favorite cycle shop, and I suggested we check this place out for lunch, since the bike shop didn't open until noon. I was drawn to this place due to the GTA Yelp Burger Binge Week event; this is one of the places doing a special $5 burger.

This is a perfect example of a Yelp check-in promotion working very well!

So, we were the first people in the place, showing up almost right after they opened, and we had our pick of the place. We decided to sit at the hightop booths along the windows near the bar -- at first, they looked like they might be uncomfortable, but they were really quite comfortable. 

So, the draft list. I wish Yelp supported emoji, because my reaction to the board went something like: eyeballs, beer glass, beer glasses clinking, heart heart heart.

A great list of Canadian micros on tap! They had a good enough variety that my brain went to immediate lockup and the tyranny of choice. For Lee, it was easy: They had Central Brewing Red Racer IPA, which is one of his favorites. For me, the imp of the perverse took over when the waitress came up: I blurted out that I wanted to try the Tom Green Milk Stout. I normally dislike stouts, but I did end up enjoying it. They have a nice special on Sundays: $5 pints!

I managed to resist more than one beer though, as much as I would have liked to drink everything on their menu. They also have an impressive bottle list, including selections from Bellwoods. 

So, onto the food. As everyone who follows me knows, I cannot resist poutine. It's one of my favorite things to try when I see it on the menu. They have a fried chicken poutine on the menu here, and it was fantastic. There are fries and cheese curds of course, but the twist on this was little morsels of fried chicken, cream gravy, and roasted corn. It's served in a little cast iron skillet. This was delicious, and one of my favorite twists on poutines I've seen so far.

Next up were the Yelpburgers. These were, from the description: "rosemary and carmelized onion infused pork patty, topped with house smoked peameal bacon, cheddar, lettuce and apple mustard." One thing not listed is that the chef also made a brioche bacon bun. The buns were a little bit fragile, and at one point Lee had to cut his bit for less messy eating, but other than that (which honestly, will happen with any bun) this was fantastic, and I think they should put it on their menu. I really tried to eat it slowly, so I could savor every bite. 

The staff was friendly and really awesome, the chef is enthusiastic and creative. The price is very reasonable for the heart of Oakville. Would I go back? Absolutely. A++笑
Didn't like it. We took the nachos, the chicken pie and fish and chips... all are bad. Dry, not tasty. The beer was good though.笑
Overall Experience: 3.5/5
Had a guest from out of town visiting and decided to take them to Bru Restaurant because I'd heard some great things about it. The Bru Burger was delicious and VERY juicy. Service was okay. When busy, which it was for a Friday Night, the restaurant can get very loud.

Food: 4/5
We started with an appetizer, the Misto Plate (Fried Calimari, Battered Cod, Grilled Chorizo, and Romesco Sauce). Overall it was a very good dish, the Battered Cod was lacking some flavour on its own, but when paired with the sauce it was good. Portion is good for 2-4 people.

I had the Bru Burger with a side of Caesar salad. The Bru Burger was delicious, cooked medium and very juicy. Normally I don't like pickles in my burgers, but it added a nice crunch and wasn't overpowering. The Caesar salad was good and has A LOT of smoked bacon pieces in it. 

My friend had the Smoked Turkey Club Sandwich. It had plenty of turkey, and was very smokey from the bacon... something I will try during my next visit at Bru Restaurant.

For 1 starter, 2 entrees and soft drinks for two, our bill was $75 before tax.

Service: 3/5
Service was average. The wait staff are friendly, but it was hard to get their attention when needed. We asked for refills on our beverages while still enjoying our entrees. By the time we finished our meals and were just about to pay for the bill, our drinks arrived.

Atmosphere: 4/5
The atmosphere is very lively and a "hip" spot on a Friday Night. Some families, some couples, some first dates were in attendance. When at full capacity, the restaurant can be very loud. I found myself yelling to the person I was sitting with at times.

Tips & Recommendations:
-Try the Bru Burger
-Soft drink refills are NOT free
-Parking can be very difficult - you may have to park far and walk far
-Lunch Break Friendly? Yes
-Date Friendly? Yes笑
Delicious food, great selection of beer on tap & nice atmosphere. Try the Korean Ribs! So flavorful and tender. Will definitely revisit to try out new menu items.笑
The Brisket Sandwich was heaven in your mouth. I ate it for dinner yesterday and I have honestly not stopped think about it. The brisket was perfectly cooked at flavourful, smothered in BBQ sauce perfectly complimented by the coleslaw and pickles. The only thing I didn't love was the bun, but it was still good, I just feel like the bread on the sandwich could have been better.

The beer was unique and delicious.

The decor in the restaurant was super cool, they had candles in the wall. So awesome.


I will be back for you, brisket sandwich, you delicious brisket bundle of joy.笑
Great craft beers and a really good price (for downtown Oakville).  It is really ambition to have a craft beer bar in the area and I sure am glad that Bru exists.  

The staff is always super nice.笑
We loved Bru last time we visited and decided to stop in at the last minute for a brisket sandwich. They still had a great selection of beer and the wait staff was pleasant, letting us sample a few types of beer before ordering. We ordered the cheese balls featured on their appetizer menu, and split the sandwich, which we absolutely loved on our first visit. 

Upon receiving our meal we were a little disappointed. The cheese balls were okay, but cold in the centre, and the brisket was nothing like it was the first time. I would say it was more like a sliced roast beef sandwich, and I was unable to eat it due to the amount of fat throughout. The flavor also wasn't great.

The positive out of the experience was that the waiter took the sandwich off the bill and apologized, saying that it has been a common complaint and that they have a new smoker due to the old one "burning down". I would not go back based on this last visit, which is disappointing! I hope I see some more positive reviews in the future and maybe one day go in and ask if their brisket  Sammy has been returned to its previous glory.笑
Right greeted at the bar by Debbie!  Made me feel welcome and comfortable - since I was eating solo this was very nice. 

Beer choices are very good - both tap and bottle. Again, Debbie was a great help. She knew the beers and knew how to describe them. 

I should add as I watch the other servers, they all are happy and smiling - no grumpy guppies.

I choose the BBQ Pork Wings. YES I said pork. The Rock the house in flavor and originality. And THE SLAW!  OMG!  Sweet and tart are well maximized!

It was beautiful visit!  I will be back!

BACK FOR 2ND VISIT:  Same friendliness!  Well Greeted by Brennon!  Knew the beer menu and food menu!  Same quality service as 1st visit. 

Ordered Fish Taco special!!  Nice flavor good item. One suggestion serve tortilla hot!  No matter you choose cold or hot filling a HOT fresh tortilla is the best. I recommend it! 

See you the next time thru Toronto!!笑
Just, wow...!! 

Word of warning: make reservations (even if it's just for 2). We walked in yesterday just after 6pm and while the restaurant was at 1/3 capacity we were asked if we had reservations. No, we didn't. The restaurant filled up shortly after, point taken. 

The restaurant itself was very nice, the walls are brick with portions taken out and replaced with tea-light candles. Ladies, the majority of the seating are stools, so bring a purse hanger or it'll end up on the floor. The service was prompt: we got seated quickly, and the waitress came by to take our orders. 

Bru has a large craft beer selection, we ordered the Nicklebrook Continental Drift. It had a hoppy citrus taste, yum! For our entrees we ordered the smokey beef brisket sandwich and the bru-itto (a special on the board). 

The smokey beef brisket sandwich is phenomenal. I walked in with high expectations (due to all the hype from my coworkers) and it did not disappoint. The sandwich is massive, filled with smoked brisket, corn slaw, pickles and gravy. The combination of smokey, crunchy, and saucy worked so well. 

The bru-itto, while more of a wrap then a traditional burrito (had no beans or rice) was delicious as well. It came with pork belly, quesco freshco, pico de gallo, house guac and hot sauce. Both entrees were served with fries and a peppery mayo dipping sauce on the side. 

If you're ever in downtown Oakville, this place is right on Lakeshore between Dorval and Trafalgar. It's worth the stop!笑
I've only been here for drinks and would like to visit again for food, but this was my understanding of the place so far...

It had a really nice ambiance and it was nice to see a place in Oakville open past midnight (went in around 1 a.m.). The pinot grigio that I had was quite good, as was the wait staff. My boyfriend enjoyed his craft beer.

However...the beer seemed quite expensive at $7 for what did not look like a full pint. They had a horrible live musician playing as well. The mic was turned up far too loud for a small restaurant filled with no more than 10-11 people. I couldn't have a conversation it was so loud. I had originally ordered a Tom Collins, however, they told me they didn't have the necessary ingredients to make it. I found this a bit odd as it's a fairly typical and simple drink to find in a bar. 

I'd like to return to get a better impression of the place, but to me it seemed a bit overpriced.笑
My son and I are both great fans of quality BBQ, which is hard to come by in these parts. So when I heard that an Oakville restaurant had a great brisket sandwich, we headed over there for lunch last week. Got there early, before noon, and found a very pleasant interior atmosphere, and a great waitress. Best of all, the brisket sandwich was terrific ... a very generous portion of meat, on a tasty roll, topped with a crunchy, corn based slaw, and a side of really good fries. It really hit the spot, and we'll be back. Great brisket, good value.笑
Came here on a date and watched the game. Great atmosphere, great nachos and wings.  Beer selection was also very good.  Had a really wonderful time :)笑
3.5 - this restaurant is located in downtown Oakville. Beautiful, modern interior with a great selection of craft beers. We had dinner here tonight and loved the intimate atmosphere and great service we received. As other Yelpers mentioned making a reservation is recommended and I was glad I did. The restaurant is fairly small and fills up quickly. The owner of the restaurant also owns three other restaurants on Lakeshore, two beside and a tapas restaurant a bit down the street. The food was okay. We ordered their calamari, it had a great Asian twist however we knew that it came from frozen as they were curled into perfect half circles. I then ordered their fried chicken with coleslaw for dinner, fries are extra. The fried chicken had good flavours but was not crispy. The skin was soggy without me putting the white gravy on. The fries were fresh cut which was great. The pizza was good - wasn't very artisanal. The ingredients weren't plentiful and it arrived in a perfect circle which we found interesting. Overall, a lovely place to stop by for a drink and snacks in Oakville!笑
I walked in around 7:30 pm last night and wasn't greeted at all. The bartender looked at me and was wondering if I wanted a drink so I noted to him I wanted a table. Perhaps it was really busy but there wasn't much guidance to who was supposed to be greeting/seating/etc. I asked about the wine list and the bartender was exclaiming I had to give him some direction as to what he had. I asked him about whites and he just said "oh I have a chardonnay, pino etc." and didn't give me any brand names, so I asked what the price was. Seemed like $12 across the board for a glass of wine which I think is really expensive.
After I was seated, which was after a very short awkward conversation with what seemed like my now waiter, a table cleared up for us.  Luckily my friend and I got this table because the bar was just confusing , but they don't have a coat check so I was uncomfortable sitting on my weird floating chair trying to figure out how to keep my coat from falling off the chair onto the floor. 
They have a very extensive beer list which is nice and compliments the name of the restaurant. I ordered a light wheat beer, 8.50 for the bottle and got the aioli fries for a starter. They were quite good. My main plate I ordered the falafel wrap, which was killer but I ordered it with a side salad and they still gave me fries instead. They took it back and brought me the side salad (with beets walnuts and mandarin oranges, pretty good) and we got a cheesecake to end the night, which actually wasn't that good and wasn't really what was described to us by our waiter. To be honest, the service isn't that great but that night they were playing all of my favorite music and we didn't wait long for the food, so I would be willing to try this again and hopefully update my review.笑
We ordered a kale salad, a chicken pizza and a brisket sammy. The Sammy was so good. The brisket was perfectly cooked, moisture and flavourful but not over greasy and over seasoning. However, when I asked for the $5 Yelp burger, the waitress said she never heard of it.. It's kinda weird. It's a deal on the Yelp, not something I made up. If the owner posts it, why didn't she accept it???笑
Great beer selection. Food is hit and miss. When you have a menu this small it is important to make sure you are wowing people with every dish. First visit I had the wings. Cooked nicely but I had the mango sauce the server suggested and it was quite bland. Smoked brisket sandwich was top notch. 
Second visit started with pulled pork sliders which were good.  But the lamb Rogan josh was again bland with no flavours really popping.笑
Spicy Hoisin Calamari: The squid itself is grilled to perfection but the bed of pickled vegetable is too sour and salty. Good attempt at Asian fusion with the coriander garnishing but two pieces of squid is too little. If there were four pieces, I wouldn't be complaining.

Mussels and fries: Very good. Broth was just right. If you like spicy, the sausages and the broth has a good kick.

Smoked fish burger: Very good, and good portion size. Seasoned well. 

Flying monkey beer: so-so. On a hot summer day, cask beer isn't a great option because it's almost at room temperature. 

Old fashioned bourbon: better than expected, considering it's not their specialty

Overall, I liked the fact that all dishes came out steaming hot. The food was satisfying. Ambiance is nice - good for a casual date or night out with a small group of friends.

Dont like how Yelp got me comin here for the $5 burger special for checking in, only to find out that offer was only valid jun 21-26, 2015.笑
I've been here a couple times, with about a year between visits. Most recently I ordered their schnitzel burger, and they really pulled it off with that sweet pork taste really coming through. The menu has been stripped down a bit over time. Though there's a bit less selection, it's probably a step forward in quality control, and there's enough choices to pull you in every direction.

The food has been pretty solid, but what made the rest of the experience exceptional is the huge array craft and import beers (hence their name 'Bru'), great rustic ambience and very friendly service. I wish I could remember the server's name from my last visit, but she did an excellent job of managing several customers at once but still providing friendly, personalized service.

"Great place to grab a drink" may sound like a generic endorsement, but it genuinely describes this place to a T.笑
I've been here about three times and every time I've been here I've enjoyed the food, its not going to blow your mind and think about it the next day but in Oakville its definitely has the advantage in comparison to what other options are available in the area. First dish was the "beef brisket" recommended by the staff and well you'll get your value from that alone.

Now if you want to enjoy a pint and some fries well that works too, fries were delicious and the drink selection totally surprised me as you can try the craft selections there and the staff is quite knowledgeable about the beverages.笑
Guys... Have you been to Downtown Oakville recently? If you haven't you really should, a renaissance in local restaurants is happening right now, so amazing that even Michaelangelo would take notice! (The sculptor... Not the ninja turtle, but that would be cool too). 

Leading the charge is Chef Shayne at Brü Restaurant located at the corner of Navy at and Lakeshore. Marrying together gastronomic, calorie (and flavour) rich foods and a draught beer line up that's 100% craft - a marriage that gives birth to beautiful wonderful children. 

I had been by previously when they were selling Yel-PA beer during Yelps On Tap, but until this time I hadn't had a chance to try their menu out. Today I made that right - holy hell did I ever *loosens belt buckle*. 

Today i righted some wrongs in my life and ate everything my New Years diet had stopped me from enjoying, I threw caution (and properly fitted clothes) to the wind and went buck wild... And despite my small food baby currently in its second trimester in my tummy, I enjoyed every moment. 

To begin I broke my scotch egg virginity (that's right I've never had one before) and made their massive egg-concoction my appetizer. The egg yolk perfectly congealed, still ever so slightly runny, was enveloped with juicy pork sausage, before being fried to perfection, sliced into halves and plated with garnish and a delicious sauce/aioli. 

Realistically, a person with 'some' self control would have stopped here. I don't understand those words so I followed that up with their Smoked Beef Brisket sandwich. Damn. This thing was 8 inches high easily from bun to bun. And most of that was meat!! The sandwich was topped with a corn relish and pickles, as well as some other toppings that I didn't give myself a proper moment to distinguish. Served with a massive plate of fries (fresh cut and brown) which came with an herb aioli, I rapidly and happily assented to calorie heaven. 

I gotta give huge props to my server Josh, that guy has more passion about food than any server I've encountered in recent memory. In fact when he described the brisket as his "reason for living" I really didn't have a choice, and I have to agree - everytime someone bites into this sandwich for the first time ... An angel gets its wings. 

Make your way to Oakville people. Right Now! 

Eatcrest out!笑
Good pub food with a concise draft list. Pizza's were delish and the atmosphere was cozy. Service was  friendly. Overall, would go back after work.笑
I have been waiting for a long time for a local pub to start serving some delicious Craft beers and Bru Restaurant has delivered! Now we can enjoy a good beer without driving to Toronto!

This is a small place located on Lakeshore, its a modern bar good for a young adult crowded. They have a rotating selection of beers that are not common, so if you're going to get a Canadian you should go somewhere else! The staff were friendly and extremely knowledgeable about their product.

The food only made this place better. The Spicy Hosin Squid is a must get, it was sweet and spicy. The squid was perfectly cooked soft, tender and just melted in your mouth. They had a fried chicken poutine which was amazingly delicious! 

Needless to say, I'll be back on Sundays for the $5 draft beers! If you haven't gone yet, what are you waiting for?笑
Bru is a great place in Downtown Oakville. Outstanding craft beers, excellent food, and casual but upscale atmosphere. I had some wonderful belgium and Canadian beer, mussels and frites. Burgers looked good too, I highly recommend it.笑
Very disappointing! Menu was just a bit odd. Had such high expectations but really underwhelmed. Will definitely not return.  Too bad!笑
Excellent surprise. This "birreria" style restaurant serves really good food. I bumped into it by chance, was in Oakville returning from a long drive and was checking prices in reataurants. Steak at Bru was half price and excellent. Service friendly and good music. Environment pleasant and rustic. Definiely a find for me.笑
It's all about the beer.  They do have food here, and what I have tried has always been good, but I don't go here to eat.  

This would be called a hipster pub without the attitude.   They have some of the best beers from Ontario in rotation.  So you sort of get to take a taste of what is out there every week, but go knowing that you won't know what is on tap until you get there.  They have 10 taps with usually 9 micro brewery beers and 1 cider.  They do have some beers in bottles/cans but I have yet to give any of them a try as what is on tap has always been good.笑
Great spot for fantastic beer on tap and good eats!笑
Pretty satisfied with my experience here.
I had come on a weekday late afternoon so the restaurant was almost completely empty. The waitress, who was also our server, and who was also the bartender, was a lovely lady. Chatty, friendly, and attentive of our needs. 

After asking for recommendations, I ordered the beef brisket sandwich, which was apparently the top seller at their restaurant and my boyfriend ordered the steak & frites. It did take a while for the food to come.. but I let it slide because the food that came was delicious! I loved the tangy sauce that they used to complement the corn slaw because it added a nice fresh crunch to the meatiness of the smoked brisket. It was also drizzled with a mixture of gravy and relish, which really contrasted with each other well. The brisket was tender and full of flavour, proving that it was genuinely slow-cooked for hours. The fries were just standard - but that's okay, I was never in it for the fries anyway. My boyfriend's steak was a decent cut of meat. Cooked to medium-rare, it still kept its pinkish center and wasn't tough to chew. 

Really, my only problem that I experienced here was that there was a very persistent fly that kept bothering us throughout our entire meal. Since there were close to no other customers, the smell of our food was overwhelmingly alluring to the pest and I had a very bothersome time constantly trying to swat it. 

Other than that, I mean, I would come back again if I was in the area. It's too bad it's nowhere near where I live!笑
Good food and atmosphere. Chicken poutine was awesome. Service was excellent. Desserts were good. Mains were so so笑
The beer selection is huge and they has tons of craft brews. I tried Lake of Bays and I would recommend it. 

The atmosphere was great, and the food was even better. I had the falafel balls and there were great. They were really unique and had an amazing sauce tasted very authentic. I would highly recommend these. Next I had the pulled pork sliders and these were to die for. They meat was extremely tender and juicy these are hands down the best pulled pork sandwich I have ever had! Next was the cheese balls they were stuffed with amazing cheese even the batter was delicious. The pizza was one of the best not greasy pizzas I've ever had. 

Overall I highly recommend this place and I'll be sure to return. If you're in the Oakville area you have to check out the Bru!笑
Easily some of the best beer selection and best food in the GTA.  Loads of different craft brewers and international brewers to choose from.  Fresh ingredients to make fantastically tasting food at an affordable price is what really wins over my heart here.  Favourite item is the turkey club sandwich when they have it in season.  My mouth is watering just talking about it!

Brü deserves a 6 star rating!笑
Had high hopes for this place. Took my bf here for his bday on a sat evening. They had these awkward high chairs that were connected so if you leaned back you would touch the other person at another table.

I wasn't feeling like a beer which was definitely a bad idea. I asked for a mojito which they didn't have, so I got a long island ice tea. It tasted so bad I had to ask for some coke and then later found out that drink was $14. I was so excited to try the beef brisket sandwich as I had looked up photos prior. We also ordered the burger. The beef was very fatty and tasteless and the bun soaked. The burger and fries were good but nothing special. 

I think the only way i'd come back is for a beer and to try apps as I do like the ambience of this place. Too bad.笑
I've been to this restaurant twice and have enjoyed my experience both times. The servers were always nice and pleasant and the food was tasty. My most recent experience was last month with a friend on a weekday night. I had the fried chicken poutine and an Amsterdam blood orange radler. I'd recommend both in a heartbeat. I'd definitely go back to try other things on the menu.笑
We were looking for a relaxed atmosphere with a good selection of beers and other bevy's. This spot was exactly that. Server was informative and helpful and his suggestions were spot on. I loved the Hibiscus Wheat beer and was a good paring with my curry dish.笑
My first visit at Bru was thru a Yelp event. I wouldn't have known about this place until the event has occurred in here.

My first impressions, is that it is small, intimate and loungy feel to the place. Brick walls, fancy wide chairs and TV in all corners. Although I must say, having the bar right in front of the exit is a weird set-up which makes the front really congested.

I'm not much of a big drinker, so I didn't look at what's available on tap. However, I overheard a conversation that they have a well rounded choices that will satisfy most. 

We came for the food. We were recommended by the bartender Josh to try out the beef brisket sandwich. I'm glad he did because it was heaven. There are other choices in the menu, but this meal will definitely be the reason I come back to this restaurant. The meat was succulent and the flavours are perfect. If you are here, order it because my description will never amount to what I felt after my first bite.

Overall, this resto gets an A plus. If you are in the Oakville area, this is the place to eat. Friendly staff, good food and good vibe, all the perfect recipe from a good time to a great time.笑
$5 Draft on Sundays

An interesting list of beers from local brewery

An extensive and respectable bottle beer list

A chill and friendly atmosphere 

An awesome bar area set up that you can interact with your bartender for suggestion and service

A interesting menu: Smokey Beef Brisket ($14) (must order if you are a meat lover, oh so tender and moist!)

Hard to believe that you can find all the above at Downtown Oakville. 

I would be back next time when I am in Oakville! Hopefully soon!笑
Five dollar craft brews on Sunday! Pair that with their fresh oysters and beer mignonette. There is nothing better.

It's definitely a great little bar for a drink! Love that they change the lineup of beers and ciders on tap, keeps things interesting. And all of the staff is always knowledgeable about whatever beers and ciders they're serving which is great.

I just wish they had better apps! They do great burgers, and the fries are outstanding. Mozza sticks were okay, they're literally blocks of cheese breaded and fried. Didn't do much for me, I thought they were too greasy. I think a greater breading to cheese ratio would work better. Also, was not a fan of the spicy hoisin calamari, the pickled vegetables served with it are too strong and there was way too much of it.

The decor is warm, relaxed and beautiful. Nice details, pretty stemware. Check out the wood panelling on the ceiling. It's a nice touch.笑
Bru is a fantastic restaurant. The food is all really well thought out and well executed. Haven't had a bad meal here. It's "pub" fare, but the flavour is definitely a cut above.

The beer menu is absolutely fantastic, and they get in some awesome stuff. Great to see a few sours available in Oakville!

Some decent gluten-free options too! Don't miss Bru.笑
Current, rustic wood and metal interior.

Burgers are over-salted and too much oregano.

Calamari....also too salty.

Good Craft beer, although one was very flat.

Skip the tables with stools.笑
Love the ambiance, the food was all Asian fusion, the service was great.  Would definitely come back again.  Came here with one other person and we ordered some share plates.  All the plates are tapas-friendly so it's great for sharing.  I believe the menu changes all the time, but am not certain.

Started with the CRISPY BRUSSELS SPROUT, it was great, tasty, and crispy!  The drizzle on top was a nice add and ask for the blue cheese was the side!  Was very tasty but very overpowering.

GENERAL TAO CAULIFLOWER.  Was very tasty, the skin was crispy and the flavor was very tangy, sweet and salty.  

KOREAN BEEF SHORT RIBS.  Was very tasty but was very salty.  Would have given the restaurant a 4 star if it wasn't as salty.  It was on a bed of delicious mash potato / slaw mix!

Definitely worth checking out, apparently it's going to swap out with Maluca soon (next door) and live music on Fridays.笑
My visit to this place is a really mixed bag of emotions. 

Based on the reviews right here on Yelp, I've had fairly high expectations. It would suffice to say they were not met. 

A good way to describe this place would be a "fancy neighbourhood watering hole". The interior is great, the staff are very friendly, the beer selection is excellent, but this is where it ended for me. 

See, I went there to eat. And have a beer. See the order? :)

Unfortunately, the food really fell short in every way. Our 2 courses, 1 beer, 1 juice and 1 water ended up costing $72 plus gratuity. With all due respect a bar visit with mediocre food should not cost this much. 

The only reason I'm rating this place at 4 stars and not 3, is the friendliness of the staff, and an understanding that my expectations may have been too high - otherwise it's a 3 star place for food and a 5 star place for beer.笑
I have been back to Bru on three occasions over the past two months.  The outstanding beer selection keeps bringing me back. I was compelled to write a new review because the improvement in the quality of the food has been phenomenal.  It now has great beer, quality food, friendly staff and probably the best casual space downtown.  It is now officially my fave lunch destination.