A lovely new café located at Beaubien and Bordeaux The location was also a café prior to Étincelle, but has been completely repainted and redecorated which really brightens and opens up the space. The decor is modern with its industrial decor elements and a mostly black and white palette, but pops of colour, lots of plants, books and artwork give it lots of personality and charm.

It is cozy but not cramped. Smiling customers filled the space on a Sunday morning despite the -30º weather. 

Etincelle uses Montreal-based Barista coffee beans. The latte I had was just right. If coffee isn't your thing, Pretty Teas (another Montreal company) are also on offer. If you're hungry, there is an assortment of light meals including sandwiches and salads, and affordably priced viennoisseries (such as the Brioche from Brioche à Tête).

A much needed addition to this area for good coffee. Welcome to Beaubien!笑
Des fois je vais chez des gens et je me perds en chemin. 
Genre je prends le bus et je descends 10 rues plus loin.
 C'est pas vraiment cool sauf quand, en rebroussant chemin (à pied (sous la pluie (vraiment intense))), je croise CE CAFÉ.

Qui sont les deux joyeux énergumènes qui travaillent là? Ce sont deux frères vraiment hilarants et beaux comme des p'tits coeurs. Je commande un allongé, je bois ça vite vite avec une amie qui habite juste à côté. Elle me raconte qu'elle est turbo charmée par ce café et qu'elle y passe souvent. Et tiens, une autre personne que je connais y est assise pour rédiger son mémoire. Elle me dit que c'est son café PRÉFÉRÉ du quartier, rien de moins.

Je suis encore plus charmée. Les prix sont tout aussi charmants que les baristas. Le décor est doux. Le café est bon. J'espère m'y égarer encore prochainement.笑
Beautiful, warm and cozy spot for a meet up with a friend, a place to get some work done or to just relax and read a book! For the vegans, the almond milk lattes are delicious! Best I've had in a long time! It's comfy and inviting with awesome ambiance.笑
I wish I had more time to write something heartfelt and honest - anyone who's had coffee at l'Étincelle knows that they deserve the best reviews. Truth is, I don't have time.... because I'm on my third lap of speed-walking-around-the-country-while-saving-the-lives-of-babies (mandatory hero things) and if I keep this pace up, I should be able to finish lap 5, get my butt to Ottawa where I'll convince Parliament to stop being petty, make it home for supper where I'll be perfecting my vegan Turducken-soufflé (come at me bruh!).

All of this was ONLY, and TRULY possible because this morning I decided to brave the cold, dismiss the obnoxious daylight, step outside and make my way to l'Étincelle for an extra strong flat white. These gents (sorry to any employees I might not have met yet) REALLY know how to make your coffee - it's like they grew up as actual coffee beans, taking part in coffee bean society and learning all of their secrets, customs, holidays and taboos. I can't recommend this café enough.笑
Le meilleur café à Montréal !
Tout est délicieux, servi avec soin. Les deux gérants ont toujours le sourire aux lèvres et sont attentifs. Chaque passage est une expérience unique et chaleureuse. 
On s'y sent comme à la maison si bien qu'on revient sans cesse. 
On recommande : le chocolat chaud, le chai, les muffins anglais, les panini, la brioche à la citrouille.笑
Service charmant, ambiance fort agréable et cortado délicieux! Vraiment un parfait endroit à fréquenter!