Had a little date night here last night. Our waiter Tony was as professional as could be.  You could tell he has had years of experience with high end dining.  I had the 10oz filet and it was done to perfection.  My fiancé and I were so happy with our meal and service. Definitely in the top meals I have ever had, and that's saying something!   Will absolutely be back.笑
Been to B&B 3 times since it opened.  Really like the bar are with the open windows (great for people watching)...

My steak was overcooked the last time I was in, but it was still really good. 

B&B needs to expand the "Bacon Service" beyond just the bar (if you've been there you know what I am talking about)...Although we requested it last time...It's good! Will go back again.笑
The restaurant is beautiful and service was excellent, but that is where the positives end.  Pedestrian Caesar's Salad that was literally tasteless combined with a $49 BoneIn Ribeye that was overcooked and simply not the quality of meat I expected.   Reminds me of their sister restaurant down the street; Cold Beers and Cheeseburgers.  Slick, well run restaurant with great service and average food.  Mgt. needs to make some serious changes in the kitchen at B&B or I wouldn't give the place more than a year before going out of business.  I will not go back.  Too many other choices in town!笑
Strangest night ever!  I'm out with my girlfriend & Dad and the manager follows me into the bathroom trying to pick a fight.  I was honestly confused by the entire ordeal and when I began to question what the hell was going on, he says you're kicked out and tells an employee to escort me out.  Since I'm a gentleman, I said that I had a tab open and would like to close it out since it's unfair to the bartender not to get a tip. Manager says you're gone and I'll take care of it.  In closing, come here if you want a manager who comps food and wants to fight everyone.  Definitely a first and a strange night for me!  Just thought I'd offer my story so the owners realize what kind of psycho they have on their hands.  Thanks for the free food & drinks that I was offering to pay for! Don't eat here until the owners get rid of said psycho!笑
We enjoyed Bourbon & Bones for New Year's Eve. Reservations made in advance at 8pm, later confirmed,  and we were sat promptly upon arrival. They had a NYE prefix menu for $110 per person, but we chose to order off the menu. We had a good night and enjoyed the food/dinner. Bourbon & Bones was a good choice for what we wanted, and it delivered good food. But there is no doubt, the noise level is high, so be prepared. 
Drinks, well made and enjoyed. Nice wine list, and my 1000 Stories Zinfandel went well with my steak.
Food, was very good, cooked perfectly and flavorful. We had the filet & NY strip, then sides of mac&cheese and creamed spinach. Both sides also very good; actually the M&C was fantastic.Then we had dessert to finish the evening. All of our food was served hot and cooked perfectly. 
Service, was average, and acceptable. Ashley had a pleasant attitude and was friendly. We did appreciate that the manager was visible, moving about the dining room, checking on tables. 
We appreciated what was offered, and felt Bourbon & Bones lived up to our expectations. Would revisit and recommend to others.笑
No

Had two drinks and three apps and that was enough...and we didn't finish anything, we couldn't...too awful. 

I had a Fizzing Flower...prosecco was flat. Fail. 
He had a whiskey sour, $18 dollar fail. 

We tried:
Grey tartare with an already broken yolk. Ew. 
Octopus and squid, the octopus was the only passable item. 
Oysters...can't mess those up, right? Unless they happened to incorrectly shucked...don't worry, they were. 

The manager called me after and offered to do a redo of our meal. I couldn't. Even for free...I'd pass. 


Bourbon and Bones, Crab and Mermaid and Cold Beers and Cheeseburgers...all terrible...all in a row. Just stay away.笑
This place is quite the restaurant - wonderful selection of food choices and types. The menu is awesome. I'd say it's probably one of the new, better quality restaurants in Old Town. Quite surprisingly, I read some of the previous Yelp reviews to be a little shocked at some of the -ve reviews. I definitely did not have this experience at all..
We booked through OpenTable and had a booth.. we were on a double date night with friends, so we knew we were committed for the long haul of the evening.

Were seated by the hostess immediately inside (there is also bar and high-top table seating) and were presented with the menu, the wine and cocktail list..
I always prefer to start off with a beer to cleanse the palate before a good meal, and so the boys had an IPA (Hop Knot) and the girls G&T and a Berried Alive (from the cocktail menu).

There were lots of wonderful selections on the menu - making a decision on the starters was fun and allowed us to share across the table. We did have to find GF food choices, but the quality of GF these days is amazing and you honestly cannot tell the difference.

So we started with 1/2 dozen West Coast oysters, which were sooo tasty. The Tomato Mozzarella salad was also really nice and fresh. We didn't want to over heat on the starters so stuck with just the two. We had a non-red meat eater also, so a fish choice from their waiters specials menu was on order as well. The girls went the petite filet (one with the peppercorn sauce (which was surprisingly over-sweet - very unlike a normal peppercorn flavor) and a béarnaise sauce, which was the star of the 2 sauces. Perfectly cooked at medium rare. I had the Colorado Lamb Chop, also medium rare, which was huge (compared to a regular lamb chop anyway!). Looked like it came from a massive beast!!

We all agreed the meals were outstanding - presentation wise (please see images) but flavor-wise too. My only real comment on the lamb was that it was really quite fatty - sure fat adds flavor, but I had to trim excessive amounts off the chops. However the meat was very nicely flavoured, cooked perfectly, but somewhat different from a traditional Australian or New Zealand lamb chop (these are a generally sweeter, gamier meat).

Our waiter also brought out a series of different steak knives for choice in a case - which as really nice being offered the choice of your own knife, as opposed to having a standard steak knife just laid out.. Really nice touch..

To pair with these meals, we chose an Australian Shiraz - the Peter Lehman 'Portrait' series from 2014, which is an exceptional wine (and vintage season) for the price on the menu (and not expensive either). I had this decanted when we ordered our starters, so it was nicely aerating and opening by the time it arrived to our table. It was a definite winner all round so when the bottle dried up, we grabbed another. Uber was our mode of transport, so we wanted to be able to enjoy our wine and not be worried about driving. I have had this wine many times before when in Australia, so our US friend relished the varietal differences between our countries..

Sides we went with were the country mashed potatoes, the grilled and truffled asparagus spears with egg and the grilled broccoli. These sides paired easily with the main courses, so overall was a fairly easy dining choice.

Next we hit the dessert menu, although we were planning on skipping it at the time. However, our waiter said they had some pretty nice desserts worth looking at, so we decided to go family style with 3 different ones (maintaining our GF choices on 2 out of the 3)..
Vanilla crème brûlée (with the cookie dough in a small dish on the side (allowed us to share with our GF friend), the Banana Fosters Twinkie cheesecake (which is not on the menu (but a concoction from one of the dessert/pastry chefs who came and spoke to us about it) and the White Chocolate Bread Pudding.. All were really nice, not overtly rich but also satisfying on flavors and size.. Well rounded finish to the evening, thats for sure..笑
Went here with a total of 6 people. It's a pricey spot. 

Wait staff was very friendly, and tended to our needs as a group very well. 

Appetizers that we had was the beef carpaccio, wagyu beef, and fried calamari. All excellent. Calamari was tender, not rubbery. The wagyu came with a hot rock for cooking. Presentation for all was good.

For dinner I ordered the Colorado lamb. Large lamb chops which was surprising. Others ordered ribeye and I believe NY strip. These cuts looked amazing. 


 This is a solid spot to try. Could be a little less pricey. I've been in restaurants of same food presentation and quality and spent less as a group.笑
This place is exactly what Old Town needed. This place has it all from wet aged to dry aged meats. I have had both the Bone in Ribeye and the Dry Aged pork chop and they are out of this world!

The cocktails and wine list will compete with any ones in the Valley. Their Bourbon & Whiskey list is unprecedented with almost 200 selections. 

The atmosphere is very energetic and upbeat. The decor is what separates this from any traditional steak house in the valley. The take reservations which is great, because on the weekends this place is packed. 

As for Desserts go with the Butter Cake! They add peaches, toasted pecans and an bourbon glaze...do I need to say anything else!笑
Solid...all of it.
Steak tartare, tuna tartare, filet...and getting bacon instead is a bread basket???
Priceless...笑
We had a party of 6 on Friday night and we were very impressed. The bar area has a great vibe and great energy. Steaks were perfect. My wife and I slit the bone in ribeye. Plenty of food. The off the cob corn is the best I have had. For only being open for a couple of weeks the service was great. The only thing keeping it from getting a 5 were the booze prices.笑
This is a very nice steak house.  I had the octopus and filet - both great.  The drink choices here are also very expansive.笑
$32 for a Jack & Coke (least expensive whiskey I could find) and a beer is just too rich for my blood. The atmosphere isn't cool enough or the people that wonderful to command that kind of money. Not for me.笑
When I first saw this spot that recently opened I was pretty excited and looked it up on Yelp, of course. After reading the reviews and looking at the menu, I wasn't super impressed and wasn't planning to come here. One of my friends booked his bday dinner here so I decided to come with an open mind and give it a real shot.

Nice ambiance and decor especially since we had a group of 8 and were able to reserve the back, private room for our dinner. Service was just ok. Waitress was sweet and had a great attitude but she repeatedly forgot things. I had to ask at least twice for each little thing I wanted (salt and pepper, lemons, etc.). She also completely mixed up our bills. I will say she knew the menu inside and out but maybe writing things down might have helped her remember everything. 

In terms of food, they ran out of scallops which was a big bummer so I had to create my own seafood platter out of the appetizer sampler. All of those options are served cold so it just wasn't as great as I had wished. My husband did not care for his lamb chops at all. The flavor wasn't great. Also, prices are HIGH -- especially for what you get. Everything and I mean everything is a la carte, including sauces and sides. The sides were family style and they were a pretty good size, but again, the taste just wasn't amazing to me -- and I tried several different ones.

Nice place in terms of decor but I don't feel inclined to return. Service and food flavors could be better and for that price point, there are just so many other amazing, better options in the area.笑
Tried Bourbon & Bones this evening because my mother wanted steak. Menu is typical of a steakhouse as were the prices, we had bone in filet and sautéed scallops. Both were tasty. Steak was booked perfectly. Good marbling. Mashed potatoes were very potato forward and not over seasoned. Scallops were a little salty. Sauce of kale and mushrooms was delicious but somewhat thick, so it took me a minute to notice it. Cauliflower and golden raisins were done before so not excited about these. Overall food was tasty. Service was excellent. Did not have drinks because I was driving. I would come here again.笑
Free bacon pub grub is waaaaay better than bread and would be even better if it was freshly cooked. A bit on the expensive side even for Scottsdale and I'm not sure I saw what made it so unique? Cocktails were delish.笑
It's good food with a good atmosphere but the bill will set you back much more than what it's all worth. If I'm going to shell out that kind of cash I'm not doing there for the simple fact the foods "wow factor" is a more like an "eh factor".笑
Hi! It would really be nice if you quoted real wait times.  If you tell us an hour and 15 minutes, yes, we might leave... but we'd come back again. On the other hand, if you quote 45-60, and then tell us it'll be 15-30... we leave and we don't come back.

I know you guys are busy and you can afford to lose a customer, just sayin'笑
Absolutely amazing experience. Only complaint would be how loud it was. Bone in ribeye to die for and the sides were just as good.笑
Great food-drinks and most comfortable chairs in town....  Upscale place but the front door walks right into restaurant where all the dinning is. (reminds me of fast food place because of that) They need to add a wall in front of the door area to separate it.  When eating you consistently find yourself looking at all the new people arriving.  For the money it should be a bit more private.笑
After going back and giving this restaurant another shot, everything about our meal was on point.  The entire staff and food were phenomenal.  Location is ideal as it is centrally located in old town, but has valet parking.  Will absolutely be back.笑
I went there for happy hour with a friend.   We were celebrating our birthdays and he said I could pick the place.   Since I had never been to B&B, I thought we should check it out.   

We sat at the bar since all of the tables were taken.   The bartender was friendly, Rafael, very competent, and made a great drink, which I guess one can't really miss up Grey Goose shaken with ice up, which is billed as the classic martini.   It was one of the HH drink items.   I told him to skip the green olives -- any variation of it --- but to substitute it with the dark cherries used in manhattans.   My friend ordered the SUB ZERO WHISKEY N COKE.   He said it tasted just like a slushy.    I tasted it.   He was right.    I guess that would be an alcoholic slushy.

Rafael gave us two thick cut, very crispy pieces of bacon.   YUMMM!   I don't know 'bout you, but I LOVE thick cut crispy bacon.   We quickly devoured it.

For food we had the fried calamari and the THE DEVILS CUT, HOT ROCK WAGYU BEEF from the HH menu.   What a concept.   I hot rock was placed in front of us.   The beef is raw.   One puts the beef on the hot rock to cook, dip it in one of the two dips provided and pop in one's mouth.   YUMMMM!    The calamari was good as well but nothing compared to the beef.

I would definitely return.   I like the place.  I am giving it four stars instead of five ONLY because I think it needs more options as far as the food and drinks for HH.   I am not a fan of bread, therefore, the sliders and burger were not something I'd order.   And I can't really get excited over a cheese board.   That is so ho hum. ...笑
We went at 6:30 and were excited to try this new spot. There were 3 open tables in the bar and 4 in the restaurant. But it was a 45-60 minute wait. We were going to wait at the bar but the 4 open spots weren't together. Sad disappointment:(笑
Went last night with my wife and some good friends. We had great service, good drinks and yummy food, my steak was a little over cooked, but was tasty, the other three had their steaks perfectly prepared. We had a side of Mac n cheese that was a delight and mashed potatoes. 

I would definitely recommend it for folks wanting a good steak.笑
Heard much about this restaurant and decided to give it a go. Started with the bacon and egg app and that was the highlight of the night. My medium rare fillet came out cold in the center and I had to send it back for a little more heat. It came back much too overdone but I didn't want to be a pain so I kept it. Aside from the temperature dilemma the steak was slightly over seasoned. The side dishes were ok, ordered the duck fat fries, creamed spinach and mac and cheese. Going to many higher end Steakhouse's the managers usually come out to discuss when there are dishes sent back. At this establishment I don't know if there was a manager working as we didn't see anyone. Overall this location bills itself as a high end steakhouse and definitely charges like one but this visit barely beats out chain restaurants.笑
An honest review start to finish. Little too loud. Bar overflows into seated dinning experience. Staff slightly unsure of things. Main dish awesome. Slightly over priced.  Liquor list needs some creativity. Main dish is worth mentioning twice-great!  

Our waitress was very nice but clearly new to the customer service scene. Just seemed a little uncertain.  Busboys clear everything from the table when ever they go by, causing us to have to ask for utensils   Three separate times. Very polite and nice staff. 

Oysters appetizer came shucked but not cut from the shell and rolled. Causing me to have to cut the muscle, roll them and then sip. I'm not a prude but this is oyster presentation 101 and they failed. Their oysters hold a new record for me as the smallest I have ever had. They were tasty tho. 

Main meal was outstanding in presentation and flavor. Wow, fantastic. I had the bacon and eggs, great! Small to medium sized portions, which I sort of liked but slightly costly for portion, but not outrageous. Fantastic flavor. 

We had cocktails and they were nice and to be expected. The cocktail list was basic especially for a place with bourbon in their name.  We suggested add a bourbon or whiskey flight to the menu.. Our waitress seemed confused when we asked if they had a bourbon sampling flight.  Odd.  

The place is really nice inside but loud. The bar over flows into the dinning area and distracts from the ambiance. 

Over all it has the, "this place is clearly new and learning what they are doing with a great chef" feel about it.  I wish them well, glad I tried it, but don't think I'll be back until the luster wears down and they figure out what they are doing.笑
Night five of the restaurant being open and I believe they have a bright future. The staff was friendly and attentive from the moment we walked in the door. We were early, so we had a drink at the bar. The bartender was quite knowledgeable and recommended a phenomenal Bourbon. We then moved over to the dining section and had a wonderful dinner. Started with steak tartar and hot rock beef and then we all ordered steaks and shared sides. Everyone enjoyed their meal, so we finished by splitting the butter cake, which was a good call. Ambience was cool. Picking your steak knife was unique and a nice touch. I will be back.笑
Amazing food, I'm a pescatarian and had the sea bass.. totally worth the price! For desert I recommend the Apple Crumb, best desert I've ever had-no joke!笑
This place is so terrible I don't even know where to begin. Let's start at Bourbon... I'm from Kentucky, so I know my bourbon better than the average person, their selection is very weak and very overpriced, especially compared to other high end restaurants in the area. On top of that, if you want it severed on the rocks you have 2 options. Options #1 - Pay $5 for one large ice cube, yes that is correct $5 for frozen water. Option #2 - a cup full of crushed ice, full to the brim smh! The food is very subpar, for the price save yourself time and money and go to City Hall and have an actual good high end steak and high end bourbon. Service was crappy too, our server didn't know much. 

Tourist stay away, this place is a terrible representation of what our great old town neighborhood has to offer.

Very excited to see what goes in next after this place goes out of business! Hope it's soon :)笑
Came here for drinks before going out. We sat at the bar and kicked it with the bartenders who were awesome and really laid back. If you're a whiskey person the only thing you need to know is the Manhattan. It is SO SMOOTH and has this knockout smokey flavor from the bitters. I had two and felt like a million bucks.笑
Ugh. This place has such a great location and sexy vibe I hate to leave a somewhat negative review. We showed up to our reservation about 20 minutes early but they seated us right away which I really loved. Our server came by after ~8 minutes which I thought was a little long to be waiting. She was very friendly and provided great service throughout the meal so no other complaints there. I want to say her name was Ashley. 

I ordered the East Coast Sour {Four Roses Bourbon | house sour | Cocchi Barolo Chinato | raspberry sorbet} and it was as delicious as it was beautiful! The key is to drink it from the side so you get the raspberry flavor in every sip. My friend got the Go Green {Hendricks Gin | cucumber | lemon juice | simple syrup | Fevertree bitter lemon soda} which was also excellent. 

For appetizers we ordered 1/2 dozen west coast oysters served with daily house mignonette and cocktail sauce. I'm not sure exactly what type of oysters they were, but they were tiny and lacked flavor in my opinion. We also ordered the grilled squid and octopus, the octopus being dry but the seasoning was on point. For entrees we ordered twin lobster tails and the scallops. I didn't try the scallops but my friend said they were great. My lobster was chewy and didn't really have any flavor and didn't seem very fresh. The butter didn't even help! I also think they should offer to deshell it for you but maybe that's just me being snobby. I would definitely not order it again. We got a side of grilled mushrooms which were so overly seasoned and salty they were inedible. The mac & cheese on the other hand was the opposite-so bland with no flavor. The breadcrumbs on top were soft and not crunchy at all like it had been microwaved. 

Like I said- the ambience and service in general were great, and the drinks were awesome. The food was just so forgettable and it ended up being a pricey 3 star meal.笑
Our for a little dinner with my pal and really wanted to try this place. It looked really fun from the outside so I talked him into it. He had been there previously and got a filet and lobster. 
Unfortunately on his last visit he had a problem with the lobster and returned it to the kitchen, then the manager apologized and said he would take it off the bill but never did. It took so long to get the waiter back over, he just paid and left. So it took some convincing to get him back in there. 
Sadly, the service was extremely slow (but it was courteous). We ordered a couple of steaks and some apps and it seemed like forever before they got to our table.  Bread bowl was pretty good, pretzel was a little dry. 
Steaks were over cooked, and I'm not a penny pincher, but if your going to be in the high end steak business you should know the difference between medium and well done (not pink at all throughout). They were bricks. They were also Luke warm which makes me think they sat under heat lamps for a bit. 
The bacon wrapped dates were off too. Half were burnt and the other half was ok. So I ate half of the apps and only the middle part of my ribeye steak. My buddy just sat and gloated... he didn't eat. 
I didn't complain because it took so long for the waiter to come by all I wanted to do was leave because I was still hungry. 
My buddy laughed at me and we went to Bottled Blonde for a pizza... which was really good by the way. 
Atmosphere is pretty but very loud in the dining room. Great concept, poor execution. Time will tell... I will try it again on a slower night.笑
First of all the service was spot on....very attentive, helpful and efficient.  The menu is incredibly appealing,  as well as the cool and inviting decor; but for the prices, the place is way too loud and crowded.  The servers are bumping into tables trying to serve guests and guest have to squeeze by other diners to walk either to your table or to the restrooms.  This would all be acceptable if the price point was lower.....but for fine dining prices (as well as an EPIC Cristal dinner listed for 35,000..seriously) you want more comfort and peace of mind.  We were a group of 10 that sat in the private dining room and we could not hear each other while talking to each other.....even if you yelled to each other it was hard to hear.  The private dining room table was ridiculously large, so sharing side dishes was a process of sliding( really sling-shotting) the plates across the granite table top. Lastly, the portions (again for the price) were too small and skippy.  The side dishes should give you the appearance of value for price.

I think Bourbon and Bones has an identity crisis....they want to be a Maestros, City Hall, Dominicks etc but want to appeal to a hipper, downtown Scottsdale crowd.........they should either lower their prices or remove a few tables and work on their acoustics.笑
New steak house in old town!  It was packed the music was loud so everyone had to talk loud - not the place to go for a quiet dinner. Service was great - made a lot of recommendations on food and drinks - loved that you can pick your own knife!  Some hiccups on our food order but everything tasted great. Would go back for sure.笑
My boyfriend and I made a reservation here for dinner a few days in advance. We were excited to try it out since it had just opened not to long ago and they had a good selection of bone-in steaks. When we arrived 10 minutes before our 8 pm reservation, we checked in and were informed that they needed a few moments. We ended up waiting for about 30 minutes and finally got a seat on the patio. We were thankful for that because the fish smell was overwhelming on the dining room side of the building. We were greeted by a friendly server very quickly and ordered margarita and a martini; both priced a little high. They were good after they arrived, it took about 20 minutes. After our drinks had got there, a gentleman walked up to our table and asked my boyfriend to turn his hat around. Really?! I didn't realize we were paying 20 bucks a round for our drinks and over 300 dollars to eat a steak in a nightclub?!? I was a little peeved. We shrugged it off and ordered our meals. They also took a while; I was hoping it meant that the food was going to be really good. Well, my boxcar strip steak was ordered medium, it came out rare/not even warm in the center and tough and hard as a rock on the outside. I ended asking for them to throw it back on and ate my $12 baked potato while we waited. It was very loud, everything takes forever and is extremely overpriced. We do not mind going to dinner and spending a bit of money, but I feel like we wasted it here. It was disappointing, to say the least.笑
Excellent atmosphere and service was great. Sea bass was awesome! Filet was cooked perfectly and can't go wrong with the mashed potatoes! Tried the bourbon slurpee coke drink and loved it! Price was a bit expensive but relaxed atmosphere. I think the waitress outfits could look a little nicer but had a nice time!笑
As new locals, we must find our local steakhouse go-to for my hubby. Just by the name alone, we needed to check this place out. We ordered a little of everything:

Oysters were excellent.

Tomato and onion salad was everything we expected. 

Pretzel bread was yummy! 

Ribeye was just ok. It was cooked to a perfect medium rare, just not the best quality I have had for the price. 

Corn side was ok, I'd skip it next time. Nothing too special. Could have used a little kick of flavor. Maybe more salt?

Sherried wild mushrooms were also nothing special, we have had better (stronger) flavor at other steakhouses. 

Martini pours and wine by the glass pours are generous. 

Pretty sexy place, great vibe for a date night. Service was excellent too. We might not go back to order a steak again because there is better execution in town by other steakhouses, but I will be back for cocktails, wine, and snacks.笑
I travel quite a bit and I also love steak quite a bit so I've eaten my fair share in many different cities. The steak was cooked to perfection, the bourbon pound cake was to die for and most importantly, the service was superb. Could be my favorite Scottsdale restaurant.笑
Great steak place, in old town Scottsdale! What awesome drinks! Cool vibe, and selecting your own steak knife is a great touch! Not pricey like the other steak places around the valley! Get a great meal and drinks and have a fun time!笑
First time in to Bourbon & Bones and the space is really cool. I'm kind of a snob about restaurant bathrooms and felt like they were underwhelming (Only downside)

Otherwise everything was really good. Prices are what you'd expect for a Scottsdale Steakhouse so with any alcohol be prepared to drop a couple hundred dollars for dinner for two. 

Steak was cooked to perfection. Fiancee has a 24oz T Bone and the flavor got better and better as you worked into the middle of the cut. Lobster mac and cheese was good but I think it was a little overpriced for what you get. Oysters were perfectly shucked. Special of the night was a braised short rib and the flavor and glaz on that were 100% amazing. 

Our server was Bobby and he was awesome. I personally enjoy the service aspect of eating out as much as the food/ambience and he really delivered good service. Friendly, trendy, attentive but not over the top or in your face. He had superb product knowledge and you can tell that he is a true professional. 

Overall 5 stars. Would take clients/friends here if they were in town.笑
My wife and I are both from Chicago and know great steak houses.  We were in awe of this restaurant.  Had the absolute best steaks we have ever had anywhere in the world.  You could cut it with a butter knife.  This place is an absolute must if you are in Scottsdale for a special occasion/vacation.  We will be back every year on our annual trips to AZ.笑
If the name doesn't give it away, let me tell you, if you like bourbon and steaks you should definitely try this place out. The service was great.笑
I knew nothing about this place before going in.  We just happened to be nearby when we decided it was time for a drink.  The drinks were very expensive.  The place is quite dark.  The best part was the surprise bacon.  

I never even read the menu, but based on the name and the very masculine atmosphere, I'd expect lots of expensive meat.笑
This meal was excellent,  top to bottom.  The prices are high, but service and quality were so impressive that I never questioned the value of what we received.   This would be a place to bring loved ones, clients you'd like to impress, or anyone who really deserves something special.   If you have children who are mature and well behaved, maybe bring them, but probably you'll prefer to get a babysitter and enjoy this experience thoroughly free from parental distractions.笑
Just ate here for the second time in 2 weeks! Absolutely phenomenal restaurant. Really impressed with the beet tartare starter, was almost a dessert. Steaks are fantastic quality, and ours were prepared perfectly. Great atmosphere, fun vibe. Old Town needed something new and interesting. The drinks are as creative and top notch as it gets! Highly recommend.笑
For almost $140 a person I expect a lot more.   

We had a group of 12 to celebrate a birthday.   Our server was pleasant and attentive.  It was weird that we had to ask for bread while we waited though....and from the GM who just happened to be walking by.

The Grilled Squid and Octopus appetizer was very good.  The Ceaser had a beautiful presentation and was delicious.   The steaks however were just okay.  I love bone in filet and order it anytime I can find it.  The steak's temperature was done exactly as requested; the meat was tender.   There was absolutely no flavor....which for $49 there should be some sort of flavor.  My husband had the Ribeye; it was good but not great....again lacked flavor.  And the brussel sprouts were inedible due to their lack of seasoning; they were just bitter.   None of the other sides looked very inspiring either.  I didn't try the dessert but I heard it was very good.

I won't be back.  I love a decadent experience and I don't feel you can get that at Bones and Bourbon.  And for their prices it should be decadent, not 'just okay.'笑
I was extremely excited to try this steak house. I went for my birthday this weekend, so needless to say my expectations were high. 

Here's my initial interpretation; if you want to compete with Ruth's Chris, Steak 44; and Oceanclub, then you better tighten up the screws. Especially given what you are charging. 

Service was nice. Our waiter was helpful, and attentive. 

My $50 filet was extremely over cooked. So much that the manager came over and was shocked by the discrepancy: I asked for medium rare, and the inside was almost brown. To their credit, they were super nice about making me a new one, which turned out great. However, when the final bill came I was charged for 3 steaks...which they corrected.

After dinner they began setting up my table for dessert since it was my birthday. They made us a delicious peach pound cake. However, when the final bill came they charged me for my birthday dessert. Here's the thing; if I'm paying for my dessert I should get to see the dessert menu!!! If you are picking for me then the implication is you are paying for it. The waiter even said "we got something for you". At this point I was too tired to fight it, so I let it slide and paid for it. 

Also, we ordered coffee with baileys. When it came we got 2 cups of coffee, and 2 glasses of baileys.... I wanted bailey in my coffee as it is usually prepared. 

Conclusion. The little things mentioned above don't happen at the other steak houses. Which is why people feel comfortable spending that type of money.  Don't charge people for birthday desserts, don't over cook a $50 filet, don't screw up the receipt, and don't make people mix their own coffee/alcohol beverage.笑
I have to give this place a firm B with a few extra  points for service, which is very good. The food? It's not bad either, but falls short stacked up next to some of the other steakhouses in the area, like Capital Grill or Don & Charlie's. I ordered a box car cut that came to the table cooked a notch or two past my medium rare request - slightly rubbery and not much sear or texture. I didn't pick up any signature flavors either. Surprisingly average. My cocktail order was odd too. I ordered a simple old fashioned with a decent bourbon and it came out looking like a cheap well drink with chipped ice. No large rock of ice, no orange peel. If you charge premium prices for drinks, and especially if you call yourself Bourbon & Bones, you have to nail the classics and bring some style to your cocktails. One other minor complaint. Even though it's a well designed restaurant with a nice modern look, if you're seated next to the bar it feels more like you're sitting in the bar. There's no buffer zone and it was difficult to have dinner conversation. Relatively new place and I may try it again after they work out a few kinks.笑
5 stars for ambiance & decor
5 stars for filets 
4 stars for service (waitress awesome - bartender kept messing up drinks)
3 stars for steak tartare & octopus apps 
1 star for the $18 martinis 

I really liked this place but I think I am too annoyed by their $18 martinis.  Just don't understand why Scottsdale always tries (and thinks it is) to be LA.笑
Everything you want in a night out. Great atmosphere and delicious food! Some of the best steak I've ever had.笑
I wanted to celebrate my birthday at someplace new and just happened to see an ad for B&B in this month's issue of Phoenix magazine.  Scottsdale is a bit far for us to go for dinner but we saw they start serving dinner at 3:00 PM so we thought that would cut down the drive time...so off we went and are we ever glad we did.  Our dinner and dining experience was absolutely fantastic - thanks in large part to Chef J's presence at table side and his suggestions of scallops for my wife and veal chop for me.  We added hash browns and brussel sprouts, which were perfect compliments to our entrees.  My wife started with the tomato onion salad and I had the best iceberg wedge salad I've ever had with absolutely delicious blue cheese crumbles.

And for dessert, my wife had the butter cake and I had the apple crumble...both memorable and wonderful caps to one of the best meals we've ever had, anywhere.  It's quite unique to have an executive chef interact so personally with guests but a really nice touch, to be sure.  Despite the distance and drive time, we expect to be regulars at Bourbon & Bones...our new favorite restaurant!

Thank you, Chef J, for your great recommendations, super table-side manner, fabulous food and warm & friendly hospitality.  Bourbon & Bones is the kind of upscale restaurant where we want to spend our time and money.笑
Bad vibes from second you walk in. Bunch of old men and super small like a match box. Sat at bar, bartender didn't acknowledge us and then we look at their VERY awkward menu and my boyfriend and I frequent at Steak44 and City Hall and have steak knowledge. When we asked if they had a porterhouse cut, bartender looked like we were aliens. He said he had to ask the chef because they don't normally carry it and saw him go to the manager. I've heard the food and service was bad and after our greeting we decided not to waste any money in that awkward place.  Very disappointing. City Hall worth the bucks!笑
This place is great if you want to grab a drink and an appetizer. It has an awesome atmosphere and good vibes, with that said, I wouldn't recommend it for dinner..   I feel as if the main course was mediocre and way overpriced, my husband and I shared the filet and mash potatoes, it wasn't anything special. As for the drinks, I started off with the bucking(something) but had to send it back because it was way to strong so I decided to go with wine, which was great. My husband went with their signature manhattan and he said it was wonderful. We had the hot stone waygu for an appetizer and it was amazing. Overall I think the place was over priced...but would go back for drinks because it has a nice atmosphere.笑
We made a reservation for dinner earlier this week with some friends to celebrate the holidays and Bourbon & Bones did not disappoint!  The atmosphere is lively, the decor is sleek and modern, the service is fantastic (young, but extremely professional) and the food was top notch!  

I enjoyed a petite filet mignon medium rare plus and it was cooked to perfection.  Our group of 4 enjoyed the corn, mashed potatoes, asparagus, creamed spinach, and brussels sprouts sides - all of them were so flavorful and delicious.  For dessert, we shared the warm apple crumble and the bourbon pecan butter cake...amazing as well.  

Bourbon & Bones is a great addition to the Old Town Scottsdale dining scene!笑
I'm from MI, but I love our local chop house in GR and never found another as good in NY or CHI.  This is special!  Friends of the owners gave me a cell boost at Pinnacle Peek and said to try it, no regrets!  The house salad is amazing (add some fresh pepper), the steak was cooked perfectly.  My favorite was choosing my own knife (this is special and reminds me of my dad showing me how to choose a knife).  Give this a try you will be so glad you did!!!  Ask for Jeff he did a great job!笑
Steak was cooked perfectly. Gave compliments to the chef and he personally came to our table to talk to us. Great drink menu. Staff is great, super friendly!笑
It's new, they're still finding their footings. With that, the ambiance is Scottsdale casual.  This place has a huge semi covered outside seating with a bar ~ reminiscent of Sol restaurant style. 

I had their house Manhattan martini- it's a bourbon martini, I think.  All I know is that after just that one drink ~ I was a goner. Of course, my alcohol tolerance level is low. Still, it was a good, very stiff drink. We also enjoyed shrimp cocktail and oysters (what kind escaped me after that martini) which was fresh and firm.  Next, their filet mignon was cooked to perfection (rare) and delicious.  Now, their bourbon butter cake deserves an award! Absolutely delish and had to hold myself back from licking the plate. 

One odd thing I did notice is that they have ninja servers and bus peeps and I swear if I blink, they clear something off of the table so quickly, I thought I was just seeing, err, unseeing things.  It was weird. Maybe they want you to leave as soon as you're done??

Lastly, it's just my personal opinion, but, the type of foods and drinks, whiskey and bourbons, emphasized for this place, just doesn't seem to belong together. The feel of place is more of new American cuisine with vodka mix drinks.  

Personally, for rich steaks, bourbons, scotch drinks and looking at a very similar price points; I'll go to places like Dominic's, steak 44 or City Hall for the befitting ambiance.  I'd come here for HH with friends for some unique cocktails and some fun. Not recommend for romantic dinners though.笑
Filet mignon was ok, not more not less. Had hoped for more of a 'wow this Arizona meat!' experience. 
Service was very professional, prompt and friendly. Brussels sprout for side very tasty. 

What brings this down to 3 stars or even less for me is the noise level - too loud to have a decent conversation. At a place were I quickly pay close to $100 per person,  I find it ridiculous having to yell all the time and ask my partner 'sorry can you repeat that?'. It's not a pub or bar after all.笑
A friend and I decided to have dinner on a Friday night while she was in town. I had been eyeing the restaurant since it opened and was ready to give it a try and it was the perfect distance from the hotel. 

We arrived about an hour before our reservation and were seated promptly at an open table. Our server Zac greeted us quickly and remained attentive throughout the night! 

We ordered a ribeye and New York strip..they were seasoned and cooked just right but way to big for one serving. Along with the steaks we had the brussels sprouts and cauliflower and they were delish! Finished the night with an espresso martini that was a tad bit heavy on the cream.

I knocked 1 star off because we seemed to be sat in an extremely high traffic area with waiters and it was warm inside before they opened the door for a breeze. But I'd definitely go back again!笑
Had dinner here while in town for spring training with a friend. This place was over priced and not worth the experience. The filet was decent. A bit overcooked but still had good flavor. But not worth the money they were charging. What most shocked me was the price on the alcohol. I was taken back by the prices of the cocktails. For the price I paid I would rather go down the street to City Hall. Better service and higher quality. Even our server laughed when I made mention of the pricing. He said he hears that a lot. 

     The food overall was good. But in Scottsdale, there are far better choices for food and drink for less money. The restaurant decor was nice and clean. But the pricing will ensure I do not go back.笑
With an advanced reservation for busy February, we were seated exactly at our scheduled time in a half booth, half chair table for 4.  After we ordered drinks, we were kindly asked by the manager if we didn't mind switching to half-circle booth overlooking our old table in exchange for their covering our first round of drinks...well, sure I suppose!

The new booth had basically a bright spotlight on my seat (weird...maybe they need to change out the bulb or redirect it since it was uncomfortable to be seated there...but hey, a free drink?).  Anyways, no one ever ended up sitting at the table we got bumped from..weird.

Regarding service, we never had to wait for drinks or water refills.  The bread basket was lovely (we liked it all EXCEPT the pretzel breads) and refilled upon request.

Entrees 
I had the crab cakes as entree - decent but not spectacular. I finished but my bf only took a single bite and kept to his steak
My bf had the filet since that's what I will take a few bites of, and we both enjoyed it - not a bite was left
The other diner had the bison steak (recommended by the server as "I mean, where else can you get a bison steak?") and it was finished and reportedly good

We also got a dessert (gratis I believe) but it was so unremarkable I don't even remember.

Service was fine.  The only weird thing besides the musical tables we experienced was their "choose a knife" gimmick.  I asked incredulously, so...what knife should I get for crab cakes and the response was "um I don't know".  LOL, ok well neither do I, buddy!笑
Great service & food. Steaks were made to order. You will not be disappointed. Everything was perfect. Definitely not an inexpensive place笑
For how this menu is priced, you expect to be served a decent steak. Unfortunately, I cannot say that was the case here. Not only that, but the other several friends that I chatted to about eating here were also disappointed. 

My recommendation: if you are looking to spend $100 a person, go to Maestros.笑
This restaurant is the perfect date night spot! My fiancé and I love steak, call us connoisseurs, and I was dying to try this new spot in Old Town. We both started with salads and shared their dry-aged cowboy rib eye with brussels sprouts and creamed spinach. I had the tomato and mozzarella salad and my fiancé had the wedge, both were delicious. The dry aged steak was incredible and done just right. I wasn't a huge fan of the creamed spinach but the brussels were amazing! Our waiter Jeffrey was very attentive and provided great service, I had a glass of cabernet on his recommendation and it was very good. We will definitely be back!笑
Great steak. We ordered the hash browns as a side and thought they were fantastic. Loved the wine on tap. Open air seating. We would absolutely return!笑
First time at this place, excellent service the management is excellent the food is excellent and  the ambience is excellent five stars笑
A fabulous night filled with great wine, cocktails, food, and let's not forget the Butter Cake!  Thanks to Jessica and team for the wonderful service - you rock!笑
Nice, fancy vibe to it..shouldn't have took my daughter but luckily she was well behaved .. the ribs were super soft, came right off the bone, I just didn't like the after taste I would get from whatever BBQ sauce or spice they used & they are not stingy with their mixed drinks..a little expensive but nice place to go to for an intimate night out笑
Had a dinner here again and highly recommend. This time brought spouses. Waiter (Jeff) and assistants do an excellent job of looking after your needs. Beef Carpaccio was excellent and the Bone in tenderloin was cooked to perfection with great flair we. All enjoyed and the 2013 Faust Cabernet was perfect from a good wine list and whiskey selection (love the frozen round ice cube).笑
A few girlfriends and I are foodies we always like to try new places , so we decided to give this place a try since its new. We made reservations and when we got there they asked us if we would mind sitting at a high top in the bar, because it would be a wait for a table.... I was confused since we had reservations. Our waitress was great, she was very knowledgeable. The bus boys knocked things over a few times and didn't know how to serve side dishes (got food everywhere ). The steak was good, the other food was ok. It's definitely not worth the price. I would much rather go to Mastros down the road for an amazing meal and the same price point.笑
My dining experience here was incredible.  We had 8:30 PM reservations on a Friday night. We grabbed a drink at the bar and were seated at 8:40 PM which was fine because I did ask for time to grab a glass of wine! Our server was attentive and not over bearing.  

Jumbo shrimp cocktail was good, however, it does contain a lot of horseradish. So if you don't like that then stay away from this particular appetizer! 

We split the bone-in rib-eye for $49 and it was amazing! Please note- the only reason why we split the steak was because I don't eat much.  This steak was flavorful and we still didn't finish it between the two of us! 

We got sweet corn and mushrooms on the side, didn't finish all of them either, but I was very pleased with both dishes. Would order them both again. 

We split everything and we did not leave hungry. Definitely will be back!笑
Last night I had the honor to taste chef J s
Food 
I had the 6 ounce filet with top with the full Guam is one of the best fights I've ever had I had the brussels sprouts and the service was expecting my ice tea glass is always full plates were cleaned cleared it timely manner for dessert we had the P con butter cake I give this place five stars笑
Man, seriously... not again. This pains me to update my review again for basically food that was hardly edible and horrendous service at Bourbon & Bones.
 
So, lets rewind here for a second and get the facts straight. I first dined here a few months back when they first opened. Anything that could go wrong, did... and I still ended up shelling out over $100.00 for that disaster (that was even after they took off several just horrible items). I was invited back by their GM Nick (who was great) to have a re-do of my evening, and the food was so much better that time around that I felt comfortable recommending it to friends who were visiting from out of town.

So off we all went and yet again,and it was like a repeat of my initial visit... We waited nearly 30 minutes past our scheduled reservation time with ZERO communication from the hostesses, the food was inedible... Think shells in the oysters, the shrimp cocktail lacked any flavor and the shrimp was overcooked to the point that we couldn't eat them, the pork belly was so overcooked that it they should just change the name to beef jerky and eggs  (where was that juicy pork belly). All of our steaks (but one but that's not saying much since they eat it basically burnt) were overcooked and under seasoned. The sides weren't anything to write home about, they got cold 5 minutes after being set down on the table. The whole pick your own steak knife still confuses me since it serves zero purpose. 

I will give them the sexy vibe and a great location... but I am starting to think this restaurant concept group should either stick with cheese burgers and beer or get a chef in the kitchen that knows how to cook. 

Yet again, I walked away from the place feeling embarrassed that I recommended this place to close family friends who forked over nearly $600.00 for dinner, and left still hungry (We stopped for pizza on the way home). Go anywhere but here... seriously anywhere.笑
I have to do bullet points or else it this raving review will be entirely too long.  I have been there twice and both times the service has been INCREDIBLE.  The team is friendly, outgoing, and fun.

1. Sit in the bar.  You get Bar Bacon for an aperitif.  It's amazing. Trust me.
2. The pretzel bread is perfectly cooked every time.  Moist and fluffy on the inside with a  salted crispy outside.
3. I had the filet.  It was was cooked exactly to the temp I ordered and the seasoning tasted great.  They season a bit more than  some of my other favorite steak houses but it's still really, really good.
4. Get the Bourbon Pecan Butter cake.  The cake has a slightly caramelized crust and is topped with vanilla ice cream.  I like my desserts extra sweet, which this was, but then the bourbon cut that sweetness and added a tad bit of a Smokey flavor and I loved it!

I've also had the burger here.  It's juicy and cooked to perfection.  
This is a must do in Scottsdale.笑
Atmosphere is great 
Cocktails are excellent 
Food is meh... little overpriced for what it is.笑
I don't see how this concept is going to succeed.   It's priced like a high end steakhouse but without the attributes of a high end dining experience.

The service was fine. The atmosphere is okay....going for that trendy, sparse look.  The tables are a little close; servers and customers are constantly trying to squeeze through spaces that barely exist. The noise volume is pretty high.  That, however, is the least of their worries.

The food just doesn't deliver for this price point.  The starters and salads were nice but the steaks simply had no flavor....decent cuts, cooked okay but there is nothing there flavor wise.  The sides are also nothing to write home about either.   Everything seemed to lack taste.

We had a good time but if I'm going to spend over $250 for my wife and I to go to dinner I want "Amazing", not average.  And if I'm entertaining clients I have to have a 'Wow' factor; unfortunately, there is no 'Wow' here.  (And, yes, the steak knife presentation is a cool touch but that shouldn't be the most interesting part of a meal.)

I'm glad we gave it a try but this is a one time only visit for us.笑
We are here visiting from Dallas and love steak. My husband loves Old Fashion cocktails, so when we saw the name Bourbon and Bones, we just had to go there. The food was outstanding! My husband had a t-bone and I had the halibut special. We were accompanied by our 21-month-old son, who isn't usually too welcome in most steakhouses. He is always on his best behavior and was this evening as well. The Chef brought him strawberries and bananas and the staff was super friendly. They even played hide and seek with him, which kept him entertained and enjoying the experience as well. We will definitely be back!笑
Very underwhelming with prices that rival some of the best Steakhouses in the Valley, but this is not one of them. Food was not well thought out, flavor profiles were off, tasted cheap and to top it off service was inconsistent and lacked menu knowledge. The restaurant decor is on trend and picking your own steak knife was a nice touch but they need to come way down on price if they are trying to compete with a Mastros or Steak 44.笑
By far one of the worse "nice" steak houses I have eaten at. Sides were cold. Steak was dry and flavorless. I went for a drug rep dinner so I personally did not have to pay for the meal;however, if I did I would have sent the food back and walked down to Mastros.笑
Wow.  This place is really good.

I've been here twice.  The first time I sat at the bar and had a drink.  The bacon strips that they give you as a snack are fantastic.  Justin the bartender is a real pro and provided great service.

I brought over two friends last night for dinner and they liked B&B so much that they are coming back for dinner Saturday night.  This visit we split a medium rare bone-in filet and it was delicious.  I like the simple salt and pepper rub they do on the steak.  Our wine and cocktails were very good and the service was just about perfect.

This is a nice alternative to the other steak places in town.  It's a little smaller and more hip.笑
Great cuts of meat,  cocktail menu, and service!   This just might be my new favorite place in old town!笑
New spot in town and I'm liking it. I can only speak about Happy hour and late night happy hours however. 

The happy hour menu is amazing. The truffle popcorn, yes please and the burger is enormous!!   We had to get it because it comes with duck fat fries.  What's not to love?  The menu also has homemade potato chips, a meat/cheese board, etc.    The restaurant also gives everyone amazing bacon as an appetizer.  Crisp, salted perfectly and is perfect.笑
One of the better Chop House experiences we've had Very popular even on a Tuesday, perhaps the newness of it all has Bourbon and Bones buzzing. We had a reservation but because of the popularity of the place our table wasn't quite ready. No worries, we found seats for two at the bar. That's where we met Justin, a hard working, quick to pour bartender extraordinaire! We enjoyed his service so much that we opted to just sit and dine at the bar. 
Then it happened, I spotted foie gras as a side/topping to your dish and the hubs asked Justin if we could get the foie as an appetizer .... " let me check" .... 
out comes this delicious bruschetta topped with an Apple crisp compote, sprinkled with blue cheese and the foie gras adorned atop all the goodness! 
Justin smiled. We smiled. A bromance began between the two and I was just elated to witness such joy! 
Because we had such an amazing start with HH over at a sushi restaurant we decided to share a dish because we were pretty full. We ordered the bone in ribeye a 24oz monster of a steak and a side of beets with goat cheese. The steak was A-Ok for me it arrived warm and by the time we cut to the middle it was cold as if the steak was cooked and sat. Then plated and left in the expo window. We didn't send it back but the gentleman next to us sent his back experiencing the same problem. The beets were good we love beets but they were a bit on the heavy salted side. We might go with the asparagus next time. 
All in all, we dined for a few hours which is always a sign that we are enjoying ourselves, the company and the surroundings. 
A 4 star " better than most Chop house" adventure.笑
I love whiskey, I love steak and work with bones for a living so I thought this place was the place for me. I was wrong. 

My 6oz steak was more like 3-4 and over cooked. It was as thin as my hand. 
Gave us bottled water when it wasn't requested. They took it away and still charged for it
Asparagus was served floating in oil
The 15 dollar martini I ordered was mainly mixer. I asked for kernel or GG. It was obviously not and when I asked they were upset that I would question their mixology. 

Very loud need to almost yell at your company sitting across from you. People are either dressed for a high end steakhouse or short shorts and flip flops. 

$200 that would've been better spent somewhere else.笑
I was super hesitant to go to this place after reading some of the reviews here, but I am glad i did. We had 9 people in our party and this was one of the few times that a big party's order didn't get messed up and that food was actually on time. 
Their service is excellent. Food and sides were delicious. They keep checking on us and refilling out waters. I am a big steak fan and I definitely recommend this place. I tried the bone filet mignon and they cooked it flawlessly. Everyone loved their food and service.
If you are Looking for a delicious steak at a fair price, give this place a try.笑
Went here to try the amazing selection of bourbon, ended up staying all evening. Incredible meat and sides. And of course a huge selection of bourbon. I got the bison, it was spectacular.笑
So I've tried b & b a few times now to get a fair assessment. My first visits were when the weather was a bit cooler and it is super cool that the windows come out and create a patio so it's a good ambiance on a nice day. Since it's hot now of course a no go. Servers are always nice and managers come by and check on you so that's nice. Best thing about this place is their hh burger which is amazing. Worst thing is you can only order it during happy hour which sucks because in my opinion it's better than their steaks!  Best sides are the brussel sprouts and the mac and cheese is pretty yum too. Drinks are good, bartenders are awesome. I would probably have given it a 3.5 but you can't so I rounded up. The reason being is that it is a steakhouse and I have tried their steaks twice- the bone in rib eye and the filet and both were decent but not amazing. In my opinion the steak at a steakhouse should be amazing. They have other things that are though which is why I've been back a few times. I also like that it's a good crowd but not over crowded like some of the old town spots. I'll be back. Especially for the hh burger and fries or Mac and cheese and calamari.笑
AMazing meal here love my food as I have been wanting to try this new restaurant in old town. Will be back again笑
Now my 4th visit and they very better every time! Started with oysters and smoked salmon - outstanding.  Next the bone in filet- one of the best, most tastey and tender I've ever had (sorry Dominic's and Mastro's).  And off course, bourbon.   The choices are extreme.  Next, the $35,000 Epic Crystal dinner. 

As a local, we will be back even more after our welcomed tourists leave for the north.  Great job by the staff (Jared and Andrew), our server (Katya) and the team in the kitchen.笑
This place has a great atmosphere and definitely captures the trendy feel of Scottsdale. I was more than impressed with their bar selection after finding an extremely rare bourbon on their list that I of course had to try. I ordered a steak and my girlfriend had the salmon. My steak was absolutely perfect but her salmon was very dry but she ate the majority of it. When we told our server she apologized for the salmon, took it off our check, and offered us a free dessert! I thought the food was good but the service was amazing!笑
We went here for our second time today, and as always it was great! We did the restaurant week special, but our friends ordered the ribeye! She asked for more of a chuck cut instead of the sirloin, and we were pleasantly surprised that the head chef came out with 3 ribeyes and let her choose! What amazing service!!! Thanks for making my husband's birthday dinner so delicious with such friendly service!笑
Verdict: Decent food but be prepared to spend some serious bones.

If you're not into bourbon, there's an extensive wine list and some beers as well. If you're not into bones, you can opt out of those too. Even a vegetarian has options, though not a ton. It is a steakhouse after all. 

They know what they're doing with a filet mignon. No doubt about that. Their appetizers were well made too, from the oysters, to the octopus, and so on. Got their French Onion Soup. While it wasn't the best I've ever had, it's attractive and has plenty of flavor. There's the right amount of cheese, bread, and soup for a good balance.

The Caesar salad has an interesting crouton-like ring around it, acting as a sort of bowl that houses the lettuce. You have to give points for being clever. I don't mean the ring for the salad so much as finding a way to price it above $10 where it probably costs about a buck or two for the ingredients, haha.

The one disappointing dish out of them all was the salmon. The cuts were thick and the cook time was only enough to put a light sear on one side. The meat melted in your mouth, which sounds great. The problem is, it had virtually no flavor on the entirely portions and that was most of the meat.

If you're getting desert here, go for the apple crumble. It's great. Otherwise, head across the street and enjoy some gelato.笑
After spending 14 days in Scottsdale this had to be my favorite restaurant of the 14 dinners we had well in town the food was excellent the service was excellent spoke to the general manager we stopped by to check on our meal....... expressed how much we enjoyed our meal. Everything from the greeters to our server was excellent the bourbon selection was top-notch would definitely recommend it to anyone in town we are in Indianapolis area and have been too many nice restaurants in the area this ranks among the best that I have been to.笑
Went and sat at two open seats at the bar. One of the managers came over after we ordered a drink and said "can't you obviously see these seats are taken". Very rude. We moved to a different seat at the bar. The bartenders apologized profusely and bought us a round of drinks. No one ended up sitting at these "reserved seats at the bar" so the bartenders moved us back. The bar staff was phenomenal. Manager was a complete tool. Let me know when you let him go and we'll be back for drinks.笑
Yes, Yes, and Yes again please kind Sir !

I walked by and thought 'hmm that looks like a cool place' whilst on the way to another destination. When I got to my original destination I found myself still thinking about "bones" and headed right back. I was not disappointed. I had the fillet and loved it. I do have a few notes to warn - I would avoid the happy hour Sauvignon Blanc - I had to give it up and go back to my regular tipple. The Second thing I wanted to add is a note to the Management - STOP HOVERING OVER YOUR STAFF. I have worked in the industry before and I can say you have a winning theme but... (1) Your checking on how things are, (2) how the drinks are going, (3) how the turnaround time is aka your micromanagement is only going to make your staff nervous and detract from your goals

I had a good time - well done, its a cool place, great atmosphere, great food, drinks, service

Go here !笑
I ordered the steak Oscar (large filet) expecting a traditional steak Oscar with lots of crab meat smothered in béarnaise sauce. It came with 2 small crab claws on top in the shell and a small ramekin of béarnaise, how disappointing. We ordered one small and one large filet. I had the lager and hardly ate any of it and took the rest home. When I opened my to go box the next day after spending over $70.00 on a steak. I found somebody's else's leftovers (ribs) in my box really pissed off now...... It wasn't that busy of a night either!! I can say that the Bourbon was good, to bad its not enough to bring me back to this place.....笑
Way better than Mastros or Ruth's Chris. I get the one in filet rare and it's heaven! The oysters are the biggest I've ever seen and are so fresh. Also, you have to try the raw steak box as an appetizer. Best steakhouse in Scottsdale!!笑
Their food is equivalent to the quality of Mastros but with a more welcoming atmosphere!笑
SO WORTH IT!!!
Been here a few times now, always sat at the bar.  The steak is phenomenal! I also had the hot rock one visit.  Steak served rare and cooked on a hot rock. our rock wasn't very hot at all but i still ate the steak and loved it.  The drinks are wonderful and my favorite is the Bittered Boulevard. The must have is the duck fat fries tho and the homemade ketchup. The brussel sprouts were a little soggy and overly buttery but my guest enjoyed them, not me tho.  Overall, i enjoy the bar atmosphere and the bartenders were super attentive and fun. Being able to choose your own knife is fun too! cheers!笑
This place is great!! I have dined here numerous times and each time the food has been spot on! Service is great, and drinks are delicious!! They have a huge selection of both wine and bourbons along with a tasty cocktail list, so pick your poison wisely. :)  Great for special occasions, group dinners, and date nights if you're thinking of "wining and dining" with your special someone!  Would definitely recommend checking this place out!笑
So so thrilled with this experience. We went in for my boyfriend's birthday and were treated like royalty. 
The menu from drinks to sides was unreal. He ordered the rib eye and I ordered the New York. Both phenomenal. Next time I want to try the filet! 
Presentation was clean and the sides were plated for us by our servers-  nice touch! The mashed potatoes and Brussels sprouts were delicious.
Madeline was a lovely server. Very attentive and kind. She made my guy's birthday extra special with a treat at the end. 
Excellent environment. Well decorated and organized. If you can, get a booth in the back. They are high up and look cozy. If you are looking for a quiet dinner, this is not the place. It's is a loud and buzzing environment that you have to embrace to enjoy.笑
This was a fantastic dining experience! We made a reservation on Open Table, and we were seated immediately. Everyone was courteous, professional, and even checked on us during the meal. Everything we ate was top-notch! Starting with warm pretzel rolls and an extremely fresh seafood tower. The rib eye was one of the best I've ever had--highly recommend. Don't forget to look at the craft cocktails and wine list. Did I mention over 75 types of whiskey! Simply amazing!笑
If you see my reviews, you'll see I rarely take the time to write a negative review but this place warrants it.  I was so excited to try Bourbon n Bones.  The place looks cool as you drive by and the vibe is engaging.  But that's where my praise ends.  The food is mediocre AT best! The service is sooooo bad that even if the food was worth the wait you'd be annoyed anyway.  The bar is filled with great energy as far as clientele BUT the "bar manager" has to be the rudest man I've ever encountered in the business.  When I asked about a specific bourbon ( I guess it is one that they did not carry) he responded annoyed, " No lady, but I have a hundred other bourbons you could try!" ... not only the fact that he said "lady" in a tone that was condescending but his attitude was pompous!   (Not to mention there was a story behind the bourbon I had requested that may have been interesting to this particular venue!) At the table, that we had a reservation for ... (we waited 45 minutes past that time) We were a party of 8!  the food came out at different times... some of it cold. We ordered a steak medium well ... it came rare! That wouldn't matter but when we asked our waitress to cook it a little more she said I'll be back for it and didn't return for 16 minutes.   By the time she brought our order back it was 25 minutes after everyone else at the table had been served and finished their meals.  The people watching is superb but the service and quality do NOT warrant the high price tag.  Have a drink... don't ask for anything off the bar menu and dine elsewhere.  There are so many wonderful restaurants in this general area crossing this off will make your choices a little easier.笑
Favorite new restaurant!  My friends and I went here during their grand opening.  The food was amazing and our server, Tony, made the evening absolutely delightful.  He was so knowledgeable about the menu, the specials and the wine.  Such a great restaurant and staff.   This is a must stop restaurant笑
Ah. Fn. Mazing. Best steak I have EVER had. I'm so full and happy, I cannot finish this review. Very expensive but worth every cent.笑
I have been looking forward to this place opening and tried it for the first time last week. I always go into prime steak houses hopeful but not all are created equal. I had a favorite here in town that I use to rate other places and not many hold a candle. However, Bourbon & Bones is now my new favorite. I don't know what magic they are working but the Bone in Ribeye I had was incredible. Maybe it is the "wet aged process" or the perfect amount of seasoning or the temperature and cooking technique, I don't know but whatever it is it is a perfect storm. I also enjoyed the fact bacon is brought out while you order. That was a great surprise. I had several of the Jumbo Shrimp Cocktail and they were perfect. The staff was very friendly and professional as well. I love the vibe of this place. It has good energy, great design and good flow. The open air concept and the fact it looks out over Scottsdale Road makes it very inviting. Bottom line is that you need to go. I plan on making my way through the menu over time and I will be a regular.笑
Cool atmosphere,  the food has the potential to be great.  It's not there yet.  Nothing seemed to be hot when it came out.  The plates are too large, don't keep the heat for warm food.  Steak so cool that the ghost chili butter (yum) wouldn't melt on meat.  Butter cake was not warm at all!  Kitchen needs to step it up to make this place worth it. 
Cocktails were perfect from Burbon (even tho u have to pay xtra for an ice ball) all the way to the latte . 
Staff is very accommodating w removing food from bill and asking if everything is ok but the prices are still too high for the experience. 
For the $500 bill we had I would prefer Steak44. Knowing my steak will be sizzling and my butter cake will be warm!笑
I had only been here for cocktails a few times, but wanted to try dinner.

After reading a few negative reviews, I was hesitant but still decided to go. Well, it was nothing less than perfect! My date and I ate dinner at the bar and was served beautifully by Justin, bartender/waiter par excellence! He had a great personality, provided fabulous suggestions and was truly a joy.  He knows is stuff!

The shrimp cocktail is to die for....big, juicy and perfectly prepared chilled HUGE shrimp with a cocktail sauce that had the perfect amount of kick.  The bone in filet was gorgeous....medium rare and divine. The brownie dessert was amazing, although I was hesitant because he said it had toffee in the center....but delicious and every bit was eaten!

Yes, it is pricey....but what good steakhouse in the valley isn't? 

Go. You will be very happy!笑
Delicious. Chill atmosphere in the bar area. Darker lighting. Good people watching on Scottsdale road.  Had the online special for 3 course meal for $45. Filet mignon was amazing. Couldn't finish all our food!  The only downside is that you will literally pay $16-$24 for a cocktail. Granted, they are tasty with a huge selection of bourbon but our bill quickly inflated.笑
If you drink enough of the cocktails, you might enjoy the food more than I did. Had the Bison New York strip which was under-seasoned and overcooked. Had a party of 6 for a business dinner and was there early, but the food was very disappointing. 

Order a Sazerac, it's not the best in the valley, but it comes with a fun show. The bourbon selection is great, and the wait staff was very attentive. Wish the food was better, perhaps the business threw off my enjoyment.笑
Very good Manhattan to start which came with two slices of complimentary bacon followed by a well seasoned serious and octopus appetizer.  The squid was perfect but the octopus was over cooked.  Bone in filet was week cooked and tender but a strong taste of bacon in every bite grew tiresome.  Sat at bar and the server was very knowledgeable and personable.笑
What a waste of money.
My daughter and I came to Bourbon and Bones for a weekday dinner. We started off with the House Salad, which consists of field greens, candied pecans, dried cranberries, balsamic vinaigrette and goat cheese. It was just average...too many field greens and not enough topping and dressing. We had higher hopes for the entree, but were sorely disappointed. We split the 10 oz filet and desired to have it cooked to medium well. We were presented with a rare steak that was almost impossible to eat. In fact, I had to descreetly take out of my mouth four pieces that were not chewable. Someone should tell the chef that the silverskin (the sllimy, shiny thin skin on a piece of beef) should be removed. With the bernaise sause, it was still tasteless. We also ordered two sides. The creamed spinach was not chopped (in fact the spinach stem was still attached) and did not have a true cream sauce to it. It was a thin, watery sauce without taste. The corn off the cob was frozen corn with some stuff stirred into it. I could not identify what the stuff was. On top of the meal being horrible, this place is overpriced. As far as the food overall, it was like someone opened a place and not knew what they were doing. It was not run like a fine steakhouse. Tourist....if you want steak, there are many fine places in the Valley...City Hall, Mastros, Flemings, Donovens, Ruth Chris. While its location is great, the food is not.笑
We came here for my husband's birthday dinner and left fat and happy. Emphasis on "fat."

We didn't have a reservation, but I figured since we were early-ish (about 6:20 on a Saturday) that we could give it a shot. We had no problem snagging a small booth by the window. The space is sleek and modern, and our server was very nice.

We split the truffled mushrooms (truffle gouda, holy crap right?) to start, and they were amazing. I opted for the half roasted (herby, juicy) chicken over mashed potatoes, and my husband went with the bone-in filet with a side of mac and cheese. His steak was cooked perfectly medium-rare. Before they were served, we got to select our own knives out of their little knife collection box. A fun touch.

The food was divine. Like I said, everything was cooked perfectly and the little crock of mac was deceiving--it was so rich and cheesy that we couldn't finish it off! Our server found out we were celebrating a birthday and presented us with a free order of their butter cake (GOOEY, molten cake with sauteed peaches, topped with candied pecans and a side of bacon-vanilla ice cream. OMG.) It was an amazing way to end the meal, but we honestly didn't NEED it. We were so, so stuffed. (But were we going to turn down free butter cake? NO WAY.)

There seemed to be a little too much time between ending our appetizer and receiving our main dishes, as well as getting our credit card picked up after we were done, but I know it takes a while for new places to get their bearings. Prices are pretty steep, but you're definitely paying for the location, the amazing food and the nice touches.

With my glass of wine, an appetizer, two mains and a side, we came out to $150 after tip. Definitely not a regular dining experience for us, but absolutely a place for celebrating and having a special night. It's Monday, and I'm still full!笑
Very good dinner.  Oysters were sweet and mild.  The onion soup was only average, a little too sweet for our tastes.  The bacon and eggs were a huge portion of pork short rib.  The wagyu beef rib eye was outstanding!  Season perfectly, flavorful and prepared perfectly.  Ending any meal with Nickel and Nickel  Dolce late harvest and a pecan bourbon butter cake makes for a great finish.笑
Best bar in Arizona by far. Richie Moe, Justin and Rafael are so great. They make the best cocktails, especially whiskey cocktails. The head chef is also amazing. He cooked me the best Pittsburgh veal chop ever, and the chimicurri sauce I ordered on the side was amazing.  I can't say enough about this place. Great atmosphere.笑
Always a great time here at B&B! Nick and Ritchie are amazing笑
Once again , another great experience from the staff of this amazing restaurant. From food to service, they always deliver.笑
Nothing special steak  was over cooked I expected more for the money I spent good selection of bourbon not worth the money笑
This is an upscale modern steak house. The boubon list showcases depth in a variety of bourbons and whiskies.

Upscale service and presentation is what you can expect here. The food is traditional and served in the style of a Chicago or NY restaurant.

The open air seating facing the main drag in Old Town enhances the ambiance. The wine list is well conceived, however it would be nice to see more "By the Glass" offerings from differing producers.

My Onion soup was fantastic and the pretzel rolls in the bread basket kicked ass! I'll be back and I reccomend it for anyone heading to Old Town...
#vino2 #vinosquared #vino2ultimate笑
Oh my god. This place looks sexy on the outside,
But like that hot  girl on first glance, inside was a nightmare. Slow service in a 75% empty restaurant it took over 40 minutes to get out entrees. My NY steak was inedible which they were kind enough to remove from my bill because I took one bite and almost gagged. In addition the staff who had some personality could not not deliver. My friend had the ribs and another sea bass so no complaints there. I would avoid this place unless you are going just for drinks at the bar. They won't be in business long with a deadly combination of bad service, very bad food, and high prices.笑
3 of us had dinner 4/21/17 and it was great. Cocktails were good, steaks were good and service was good. Only thing I would change would be the music selection. Little lower volume and easy listening  music. 

We ate here about a week ago and it was very good too.笑
Can't get in and eat with bday party because I'm wearing a tank top... no sleeve no service! Don't support this place because they judge you on what your wearing not what your spending!笑
This five star beauty was a surprising treat last night. Great atmosphere , great tasting food , and the staff is on their game ! Don't forget dessert the butter cake! so delicious and mouth watering it was worth the calories !!! Enjoy.笑
Very modern and upscale place, the theme is suiting and it's certainly one of the nicer establishment around. Their Bacon & Eggs (pork belly, quail egg over a rosemary Johnny cake), Beet Tartare (diced beets over whipped goat cheese on fried walnut banana bread), Medjool Bleu Cheese Stuffed Dates and Devil's Cut Hot Rock Wagyu Beef are a must-have for starters! Probably my current favorite appetizers of any place at the moment. As for entrée, I've had both the 10oz Filet, medium rare of course, and the Double Cut Dry Aged Pork Chop on separate occasions, and my only complaint is that the filet was not as flavorful as I expected, given the dry aging, but I would order it again either Oscar Style (Crab Claws, Béarnaise, Asparagus) or with the Bleu Cheese Granola, and the Pork Chop was a bit fatty for my liking, but otherwise tasty. Everything paired great with a Boulevardier (my drink of choice) and the nifty thing about it, is they allow you to "choose your weapon"; they have a small case full of steak knives, and you select which one you will be using, neat little idea.笑
Love this place! Food was amazing, service was superb! Our server Zach was very knowledgeable and personable. About time that old town Scottsdale has a restaurant comparable to Mastros. Loved the bar area too!笑
When you open busy anything can happen, There are several great reviews and The Chef and Ownership team is pretty solid. The old Alpha Graphics location was transformed beautifully. On paper this place looks great.

I had a different experience on my visit, first I was shocked at the prices, It is the most expensive restaurant in Old town. I was honestly expecting a more casual restaurant. Prices are high and I am sure the team here is aiming high as well, but my meal and service fell short, that happens, also sometimes with busy openings things don't go as well as expectations. I will chalk it up just being new and an off night by a new server and overwhelmed kitchen.

I live in the area and I am sure I will eventually get back, but at least it will be knowing that its a very expensive casual/upscale loud open steakhouse.

revised review JV笑
Fantastic food and drink.  Have had the ribeye and pork chop and both were excellent.  For drinks, have had their classic martini, sub zero whiskey and coke, and the best ever expresso martini.  Ambiance and service were also top notch.  Will be one of my frequent dining out stops.笑
Awful. Had guests from Ca in town and took them here. I was embarrassed.  When one of my friends steak wasn't cooked mid rare as requested and the server was informed, the manager on duty came over and rudely shined a flashlight on the food to "verify" and question him. How completely unprofessional which in turn made my friend just tell the guy in the suit never-mind just to avoid a further production.  
Needless to say, we won't be going back here again!!笑
The customer service was outstanding, the food was good. However, two of us had the lamb chops. They were full of fat, so we didn't have much meat. If I ever go back, I'll be getting something different! 

We were definitely blown away with the night overall.  Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the entire menu.笑
Love the vibe of this place. Disappointed with the food. Both of our steaks were overcooked. My 6 oz filet looked about 4 oz and was flat instead if high and juicy. I just think if you are going to be a steak restaurant they should be perfect every time. French Onion soup was delicious, french fries came out luke warm. I feel like others food wasn't perfect for the price.笑
This rating is for the bar section only. I came here to enjoy great cocktails but that wasn't the case when the bartender didn't know what Orgeat was, so instead of ordering from their menu I ordered a Stella which they were out so I settled for a Guinness which was served completely at the wrong temperature and glass. The good thing about this place was the open air bar, the great music and decor. If they can fix these small things I would come back. Here is a quick little link for the nice bartender girl who didn't know what orgeat was. Quick and simple recipes. http://smallhandfoods.com/recipes/笑
I had high hopes for this restaurant but came away a bit let down.  Overall it's not a bad place, it's simply not on par with other steakhouses in the same price range. 

The atmosphere was a bit like eating a steak at a club. My wife and I had to shout at each other. Granted, it was Friday night, but the boxy layout filled with flat reflective surfaces would probably make it loud any time. 

They offer 70 or so types of bourbon, which is great. We love bourbon and had a couple of glasses. I could definitely see this place as a good spot to have drinks with friends who also appreciate quality bourbon.

The food however, was not particularly impressive. I got a filet that was cooked very inconsistently. I ordered it medium plus, which many steakhouses don't seem to understand, and it came out half overdone and half underdone. It also lacked the natural flavor I expect from a $50 steak. They offer several sauces for a couple of bucks more but I don't believe quality meat requires bearnaise. 

The bread bowl had an odd mix of rolls that were unimpressive. We shared grilled asparagus that really had no fantastic flavor. For on plate addictions my wife got some crab claws with bearnaise and asparagus. The crab claws were sort of funny in that they were tiny and difficult to get the meat out of. I opted for their lobster fingers which were lobster pieces baked in filo dough. These might have been pretty good but a strong lemon flavor overpowered the meat. My wife liked them, I did not. 

We skipped dessert as nothing offered had chocolate, and with so many options nearby, like Gelato Spot across the street, the menu didn't inspire us to try anything. 

Ultimately, if you're looking for a night out in old town for drinks with friends, and food isn't your primary concern, Bourbon and Bones is fine. If you're wanting a great steak with outstanding sides, desserts, and details where you can hear your dinner companions, it's not the best. Roaring Fork is a mile up the road and it never disappoints.笑
My husband and I had a fabulous anniversary dinner here. The service was exceptional, the food was great and the drinks were on point. They brought us a nice apple cobbler dessert for our special evening. I had a petite filet cooked medium plus- perfect for me...no gray, but no red either. My husband had a bone-in ribeye, mid-rare and it was perfect for him. Sides are big- I'd suggest getting two and splitting them. We didn't have apps or salads - plenty to eat w/steaks and sides.笑
The food was less than marginal.  The prices were bizarrely high... More expensive than Mastro's down the street, which is 3-4 times the quality.

Don't waste your time.笑
Came here opening week and from the second we pulled up we were impressed!! Glass windows all around with a cutting modern feel yet cozy at the same time. We were greeted graciously at the door by several host eager to make you feel welcome. We were sat at a booth by a window which is nice because we love to people watch (Old town is definitely the place for that). We were poured water and greeted by our smiling, enthusiastic server Christopher. Although being a new restaurant he was very knowledgeable and walked us through the menu offering exceptional options and suggestions. I started off with the Fizzing Flowers and my boyfriend got the Manhattan up. Both rolled into appetizers where I got the steak tartare and he got the beef carpaccio. Both were delicious but I absolutely loved the tartare (can't stop thinking about it actually). They have this great knife presentation as well, a wooden box with a selection of different knives to chose, it was a great touch. I got the lamb for an entree and he got the bone in ribeye, paired with a ZD Cabernet. Both were great but I think I will get the ribeye next time, it was just about the best steak I've ever had!!! We ended the night with the Mason jar banana split and butter cake, just wow. It's hard to believe this place just opened and how on point everything was from the food and the service by Christopher. Pretty sure I'll be back next week!笑
I went there with my friend for a drink.  They charged us $35 a drink without telling us it was that expensive.  My friend was buying and did not want to say anything.  I called days later to ask management to make this right.  They were nothing but rude and basically said too bad so sad.  I will never go there again.  It would have been an ez fix but the manager was, and I do not use this term lightly, a jerk.笑
Absolutely outstanding service from our waitress Jennifer. The food was outstanding , had the 24 oz bone in ribeye, the wife had the bone in filet mignon. This will definitely be our spot each time we are Scottsdale. Cant say enough good things about the service from tour waitress to the management coming by and seeing how everything was.笑
Top notch, only been open 8 weeks. Past reviews have to keep in mind they were  getting the kinks out...had wine, tuna tartar,  carpachia...was excellent...wait staff at bar awesome...totally worth the visit...and after dinner they bought out a complimentary dessert...visit this place!!!笑
To sum it up....this place was good, not great.

Our server was good and they gain a lot of points, because they always kept my water cup filled.  The steak was good, but nothing that memorable.  I've had better at other places.  Their mac n cheese was my favorite part of the dinner.....that was tasty. 

I don't feel that the quality matches the cost.  I'm all about paying a little more for great food, but I don't feel the food here was.  I'm glad I tried it out, it wasn't that I disliked it, but there are so many other places to dine at that I most likely won't be back.笑
I'm honestly shocked that this place has received so many bad reviews. I can't speak to other peoples' experiences here, but ours was Perfection. 

I'm from the midwest, grew up in Nebraska & Iowa. They basically raise you on steak dinners there. And my filet mignon from Bourbon & Bones was - hands down - the single best steak I have ever had in my life. It can't get better than this. Perfectly cooked at medium rare +. The side dishes were great. My fiance is a vegetarian and they made a special meal just for her, that was also amazing. 

Everything from our Old Fashioneds to the excellent wait service, I will definitely go back here.笑
First time at Bourbon & Bones . . . After a long work week, I was ready for a great dinner and a full glass of red wine. Mission accomplished. Zac was our server and came over to our table with a big smile, a great attitude and the wine list . . . Just what the doctor ordered. The restaurant was busy, and I like a nice crowd. We both ordered a ribeye and shared brussel sprouts glazed with bourbon and cauliflower. For dessert, we ordered an expresso martini to wake us up in preparation for some dancing after a big meal. We are expresso martini snobs, this one is a little more creamy than I like, but still good and did the job . . . Go caffeine! I'm awake now and ready to party tonight. 

I would recommend B&B for any occasion. Thank you for a great night Zac, we never wanted for anything and your energy was contagious. Cheers!!!笑
Well the menu looks amazing so we were so excited. Ordered some great cocktails off their em us. Did the shrimp cocktail, it was hard to bite into and not fresh. $7 a piece? I ordered the ribs with duck fat fries. Ribs were far from fall off the bone and fries were just average. So disappointing. Probably never have had to chew so hard on ribs, and I've eaten a lot of ribs. Sauce was good but come on. Your name is bourbon and bones, cook your ribs longer. My husband got the veal chop and Brussels sprouts. Not tender or juicy. Another over priced scottsdale restaurant that does not deliver. Giving it three stars because of the ambiance, service and cocktails. If rating based on food it would've been two.笑
Fourth visit.  Had a great time .   Vastly improved. Food good 

Jenna,  very nice dry humor enhanced our experience.  

Very friendly valet service