The first time I went here, I ordered chicken pancetta crepe ($6.95). The crepe wasn't the greatest, but the chicken, mushroom, cheese, and pancetta inside it were pretty good.

The second time I went there, I got Mediterranean chicken wrap ($8.95). it tasted really good! I also ordered "Tropic Thunder" smoothie (mango, peach, passion fruit, guava) which was really good for $5.45

Didn't try their sandwich and probably won't because they're about $10/sandwich and they seemed like pretty standard sandwiches...

The place is bright. There aren't many seats, because the layout of the place is rather odd. Not a fan of their tables and chairs either, so I'd rather get a takeout instead of eating there.

Their menu display is horrendous! Think about those nutrition fact boxes and instead of having a black and white color scheme, they have a color scheme similar to Koodo Mobile (multiple bright colors). Very hard to pick a menu from that. So I actually pickup their take out menu and pick the food that I want from there instead.

The next time I go there, I'm gonna try their sweet crepe & frozen yogurt/parfaits.Ǿ
The Chickpea and Pepper Wrap is AWESOME.
Wait time: 5-10min.
Cleanliness: 5/10 (plastic cutlery was gross)
Staff: Nice!Ǿ
Went there with the Fabfind vouchers to try this place out, was NOT impressed.  There were only 2 staff members & it was like it was both their first day!  It took almost 45 minutes to get our simple food, with the two of us being the ONLY customers there!  

We both got a wrap, a crepe & a smoothie, each took a lengthy time inbetween.  My chicken wrap I asked for no red onions, at least twice, & saw when making my wrap she put them in, I said "that was with no onion right?" she said right (as I was staring at them in my wrap).  I figured I'd take them out myself but they had to re-do the wrap anyway because she forgot the chicken!

Something was wrong with the crepe maker & they turned out horribly, not good for a $7 crap crepe!

Overall very awkward, slow & disorganized staff, mediocre food & way overpriced. If I had paid full price I would have been PISSED.  I will not be returning.Ǿ
Second visit unfortunately fared no better than the first!
I had the roasted beet and quinoa salad - which I'll admit was quite good with a few of my own adjustments (no tomatoes, no red onion - add olives). But the 30 minute wait for a salad that took two minutes to prepare was NOT good. They were totally in the weeds: I wasn't even acknowledged for the first 10 minutes that I stood in front of the "Order Salads Here" sign. After ordering and paying for my salad, I waited while the staff ran around bumping into each other behind the counter. And I waited while they started to make my salad twice before being distracted by someone complaining who'd been there longer than me. I'm really disappointed as I had high hopes for this place. I won't be visiting again unless I hear things have drastically changed.Ǿ
This place is dreadful. It looks really nice inside and I was hopeful that it would be a nice addition to my rotating lunch roster since I work in the neighborhood but I was so wrong.

First of all it was hard to figure out where you were supposed to line up. The soup was disgusting and tasted like hot ham water. The chicken wrap I ate was comparable to the kind of food you buy at the airport. No joke. The 2 other guys I went with, who each got different things, were equally disappointed.

Lunch fail. Avoid this place and keep it east of Portland on King where your lunch options are tastier and plentiful.Ǿ
overpriced, unorganized staff, format just doesn't seem to work.

i've tried this place twice;  once just after it first opened and again today as part of a fabfind promotion.

the first time i went there there was one other person in the restaurant. i ordered a cuban porkette and a pineapple express smoothie. the pork etc filling was really good but was overwhelmed by the bread making it overall too dry. the smoothie was watery but tasted good, i think they were still working out the recipe. after their first attempt at making it it did not fill a glass so they reblended it with more ice.  everything seemed overpriced especially compared with other gourmet sandwich places in the area with solid lower priced offerings.

when it came up as a deal on fabfind i decided to give it another shot, hoping they ironed out some of the bugs.  when i went this time there were about ten other people at various states of ordering and waiting for their food.  the place is set up with different stations for sandwiches, smoothies, salads etc.  if you want to order more than one type of thing you have to do so at each individual station, you can't just place your order in one location.  this doesn't make much of a difference if you're the only one in the place, but it makes a HUGE difference when there's other people.  it took over 35 mins to place and receive my order for a grilled cheese sandwich and chicken caesar salad.  after i placed my sandwich order i promptly moved over to the salad station where i was ignored.  after several failed attempts at trying to place an order it took a staff member from another station to get the salad person to acknowledge me. there was six staff members behind the counter in a state of chaos. i watched as a staff member abandoned a station mid sandwich to talk to someone about crepes leaving the customer whose sandwich they were making very frustrated. 

it doesn't seem like the disorganization/poor customer service is due to an increase of customers from fabfind. from other reviews it looks like they had this problem last month too.  i don't think i'll be returning anytime soon, i was thoroughly disappointed.Ǿ
I've given this place multiple chances, but I've been let down every single time. I work in the area, so new food options for lunch are always exciting - upon my first visit I decided to order the Steak salad (no longer on the menu) which was awful. The steak was barely cooked (I like red but this was raw). 
Every other time I've ordered, I've called in ahead of time (it's difficult to get through to someone) - every time I show up to grab my order the place is empty but it's somehow never ready... so I end up waiting around another 10 minutes which defeats the purpose of calling ahead. And to make matters more frustrating, the orders are always missing something... feta in a greek salad... no dressing for the asian sesame salad. Overall the place just seems extremely unorganized. The staff is less than enthused and incredibly slow. Never again.Ǿ
Springbox kitchen is a rather easy to miss new sandwich shop on King West. I have passed their doors no less than 14 times since they've opened and only just today noticed bodies inside while I rolled passed on the streetcar.

Your eyes might need a second to adjust to the light difference when you first step inside if your trip was anything like mine. The staff asked me at one point if I was having trouble reading the menus because they're so bright. I actually kind of like the fact that it's so bright inside. It gives off a very clean new look to the space.

Did I mention it's narrow? One large counter dominates the space with sandwich, salad, crepe and smoothie stations running down the wall in that order. There are coolers for bottled drinks to the left as you enter and a small seating area at the front and back.

Their menu looks mouth wateringly good. I love that I managed to instinctively pick the sandwich no one else has been ordering. Prosciutto with bocconcini marinated tomatoes black olives and arugula. Wow. The bread was fresh and they make most of their ingredients in house. A quick toast on the pannini press and it was a little piece of perfect. I'm going to have to go back for their grilled ham and gruyere amongst other things.

The staff were all cheery and helpful and that really means a lot to me. They were quick to spot that the bread my sandwich usually comes on was a little tough to cut and instantly asked me if I wanted to swap for something else. Well done. I like going to places where the people that work there enjoy what they do and take some pride in it.

The only down sides i can see are price and location. Springbox have opened a stone's throw away from a number of other "up market" style lunch places. Does the neighbourhood need another $10 sandwich joint? Maybe not but I'm glad they're here. I've always been a sucker for a good sandwich and this place has them by the truckload.

Expect an update when I hit up their smoothie and crepe sections.Ǿ
I was sketpical becuase the place was empty at 12:15pm on a Wednesday, but it was actually quite nice. I ordered the Chickpea and Pepper on the Spinach wrap and i quite enjoyed it. Service was quick, place was clean, and they even had a Jenga station near the chess table.Ǿ
My coworker and I have both had food poisoning from here. TWICE! It's such a disappointment, would not bother trying a third time.Ǿ
I love places like this as they offer a lot of options for vegan! When Springbox opened, I was overjoyed! Finally, a place right near my work where I could get a vegan salad that still had protein (they offer tofu, quinoa, avocado, pistachios!)!!! Recently, I've found my salads inconsistent- Maybe their counter staff are confusing the salads as they are explained on the menu board? Forgetting to put celery in, I can live with. What happened today, I cannot.

I just pulled a chunk of tuna out of my salad. I am a vegan and as such order vegan food. This just shows that Springbox is not able to keep a clean prep area that prevents cross contamination. Both from a health & cleanliness position as well as an ethical one, I am quite upset. 

I work in health and wellness and up until now have been sending clients looking for healthy alternatives and a quick lunch in this area Springbox's way. No more. Not ever again. I'm going back to making the extra trek to FRESH Restaurant on Spadina.Ǿ
i never see a business run by a bigger group of morons.  i called ahead, got their 20 minutes later and still not ready.  then they told me they didnt have my sadwich ingredients ten minutes later, then they gave away my salad to someone else!  

the person who buys this place out of bankruptcy will get a steal.  if you staffed that place w real people, you could make a fortune.  i wouldnt hire those morons to clean my pool