Probably the best customer service and quickness I've ever gotten at a chipotle. The manager was so helpful and I didn't even need to ask for her help. That made the experience above and beyond.
Food display was super clean and neat looking.
Delicious as always!Ǿ
I have no complaints. This was just as good as any other Chipotle I've been to. I didn't expect that because it seems like when I go to a place in Vegas that I'm use to in California I'm always disappointed. Today I was not. The service was quick and accurate. My servers were all friendly and after I had been served I realized I had no salt in my hotel room. I asked the girl for packets but they don't have them. The girl was so sweet she got a cup they put guacamole in and put some salt in it. I was so happy. Great location and I'll go back next time I'm around here.Ǿ
Line got long quickly.  Staff worked efficiently to expedite and complete orders with accuracy which made me smile. 

My husband seemed happy to enjoy his steak burrito, chips and salsa. 

I ordered a burrito filled with chicken, cilantro lime brown rice, pinto beans, fried tomato salsa, tomatillo green-chili salsa, cheese, chips with guacamole.  My palate did not agree.  Rice tasted heavy and made my tummy full as I was determined to finish my meal.  Chips did not appear; however, they were salty.  Guacamole tasted a day old.  

I loved to nix the rice, have chips with a dash of salt and fresh guacamole made on same day.  Pray for a pleasant experience next time.Ǿ
Good place to eat

They had yummy food

I enjoy there quesadilla, I get a cheese and carnitas quesadilla.

Everything else is great.Ǿ
Total rip off. Look at the size of this burrito. It is pathetic. Chipotle fork used for comparison. Look at the extra tortilla skin that was unfilled.Ǿ
The food & customer service were awesome as usual for a Chipotle however I give this place only 3 stars mainly for the awkward setup which is less than ideal. You walk in and it is set up like a mini food court with a panda express counter and small pizza place in the same area. Seating is very limited and the tables were all very dirty. That said, It is conveniently located on the strip and is a good option in terms of price as meals can be expensive on the strip.Ǿ
I really love chipotle, I have never had a bad experience in one before. This review is from a VEGAN experience..

Today I got a bowl, white rice, pinto beans, extra grilled veggies, sofritas (vegan meat substitute- awesome protein sub.) corn, salsa, guac and lettuce on top. Absolutely delicious. The sofritas are an incredible option that is slightly salty and slightly spicey. Like all tofu it absorbs the flavor of what is put on it.

Chips and salsa make a nice addition to any meal. I personally enjoy taking a page out of my Hispanic heratige and use the bowl as a "dip" and eat it with chips. Call it a life hack Lol.

Highly reccomend a Chipotle near you!!Ǿ
i am a chipotle fanatic and am destined to try chipotles everywhere. look not much to say about this place other than the fact yes, the food was alright did not notice anything wrong with it but WOW the staff is just not cutting it. the store is pretty much a walk in order and leave type of place and its small. so the fact they had 4/5 workers at one time is bizarre because my trip and my friend's separate trip we both waited and our process took 20 minutes each. like what?! also, i asked for extra rice and i received regular amount of rice. not a fan of that. cashier was unexperienced and took way too long. sorry, as a chipotle believer i was let down. GET IT TOGETHER!Ǿ
Oh man, these guys are FAST. I went during lunch time (FYI this location is in a food court) and there was a long line. They moved me through FAST. Incredibly friendly service. 

THANK YOU!Ǿ
Something is off with this chipotle. Maybe it's because I'm not from this area of the country, and the ingredients are different, but it just doesn't taste right. 

It's hard to pinpoint what it is, but my guess is the grilled veggies and tomatoes in the pico. I would definitely try other food court options first instead of just going to this chipotle location.Ǿ
I love Chipotle, always and forever.  Stopping at this food court location at the Venetian resort hotel is uber convenient from the excess indulgence of Vegas dining. 

They have all the ethical food, GMO free, grass fed, organic, antibiotic and hormone free meat, and the rest of the buzz words needed for a feel good, great food experience, served super fast.  

Chipotle is so proud of their "ethical" food that they put up a sign on the menu at all locations to show it all off at the point of order (see attached photo), yeah baby! flaunt it when you got it!!!

I had my usual salad with no rice or beans, chicken, picco de gallo, grilled veggies, medium and hot sauce with a splash of lettuce for garnish all under 300 calories, I love this place, anywhere in the world! #RavingFanǾ
Very bad service. Every other chipotle I've gone to, I am able to get a good amount of extra vajitas because I don't eat meat. When I asked for extra, I was given an attitude and was given exactly two pieces of fajitas. My sister was told she would have to pay extra for more BEANS, seriously? What kind of "customer service" is this?Ǿ
I came here three days in a row when it first opened. I work in the Venetian and i was stoked! Service was good but guac is $2 extra. I usually dont have a problem here but it was a bleh day and i was a $1 short of my order:( so dumb but i offered to come back with the money and tip. The cashier asked her supervisor what to do and he said he'd just give it to me. But then, he rolled his eyes. I also work in retail and i know rolling your eyes at a customer is one of the worst things you could do. I felt really bad and was going to go back anyways but i didnt want to run into that supervisor again. The food didnt taste as good as usual. So, i probably will avoid this chipotle and spend my $10+ somewhere else.Ǿ
The Price May Be Only .10$ More then Locations off the strip but the portions are much smaller.  

* Less Rice
* Less Beans
* Less Veggies

& you will want to get Double Meat to make it a normal Chipotle Meat Helping.  Then it's $9.95 for Double Chicken.  

*I wonder if Pricing will Increase Since they announced today they will be removing all GMO's.  We will see.  I will update.Ǿ
Chipotle is great no matter where you are, but to find a fast food without the super inflated price that typically comes with the Las Vegas Strip is something special.

It costs $7 for chicken despite being located in the midst of the Grand Canal shops at the Venetian.

The service was very good even though it was packed with CES attendees. They did not give me a disgusting look when I asked for a cup of water. Quality was just as expected from Chipotle.Ǿ
I love chipotle! However the service at the new Venetian location is terrible! The workers are rude. It's really loud in the food court and you aren't able to hear them very well and when ask them to repeat them self they have an attitude portions are small compared to other locations. When the girl was wrapping my burrito majority of the guacamole came out! Didn't offer to add more or apologized mind you I paid 12.00 for a burrito alone! I love their food but I don't think I will be eating there again!Ǿ
I ate here on Friday night March 4, felt extremely nauseous and had diarrhea the whole next day.  I ordered veggie tacos.