Worth the wait for your food. Presentation is just how it tastes, Great! Personal fan of club sandwiches. Serve was friendly. Roommate got the veggie omelet and loved it. Can't go wrong with their house made biscuits with butter and jelly.笑
This place was AMAZING!! Incredible service & even better food. The almond crusted french toast might change your life. They even had flavored coffee creamer which I also loved. Would highly recommend!!笑
Love the food, and the service is fast and friendly. Restaurant is always clean and on top of things. Delicious biscuits and u have to have the raspberry jam.笑
This place is packed. I love their breakfast menu. ..large portions and affordable price. Really good deal.笑
We decided to try something new. It's a big space which doesn't feel cramped like many restaurants do. We ordered the eggs Benedict avocado and biscuits and gravy. The Benny was good, but not outstanding. The biscuits weren't as "homemade and fluffy" as we hoped but the gravy was great. Coffee was good quality which some restaurants struggle with. Quick, friendly service. Breakfast for 2 was $24. I'm not sure we'd choose to come back, but if someone wanted to meet us here we wouldn't protest.笑
Horrible food!  No flavor! My boyfriend and me decided to try a new spot, which I totally regret now. Ordered steak and eggs over easy with hash browns with a biscuit. First off the steak wash not even cooked it had zero seasoning at all, I guess they cook it on the flat top she said with no seasoning. Rise and Shine in Summerlin has way better steak! No grill marks wtf! I had to send it back, next the hash brows had no flavor, I get they are simple but how do you mess that up ? Anyways asked for sausage links instead, brought me patties. So basically didn't eat meat I asked to remove the meat all together as soon as I saw, which they did. As for my boyfriends his cheesy eggs looked like liquid disgusting. I think my 5 year old could do a better job. I told the person checking us out how horrible my meal  was, you would think she would remove it. Clearly they don't care! Don't eat here people unless you want to leave disgusted!! Nasty as can be!! Oh yea the biscuit was disgusting too I think bisquick taste amazing compared to that thing they have! I didn't take a picture of my steak sent  it back too fast. My boyfriends eggs are below.笑
This place doesn't waste time; they get your food out to you fast! I think this place has the best Country Benny (benedict) in Las Vegas. 

Their cinnamon roll lacks sugar or cinnamon flavor, so it's a little disappointing, but only $3.99! Their sausage is thick and tastes fresh from the farm, which is truly what makes their Benny so yum. Their entree portions are huge and potato sides are equally large.

Still not THE place for breakfast, but I'll be back again for biscuits and gravy.笑
Guys, today I had the most amazing thing ever! Cinnamon roll french toast. Let that sink in for a little bit. Brunch changer! 

Imagine this: 2 giant house baked cinnamon rolls, flattened, dunked into a special egg batter and then griddle'd up like classic french toast, but the end results are wild! 

I never knew that I desired some crunch on my french toast, but the crispy parts on these french toast were absolutely phenomenal. Plus, my teeth appreciated that it wasn't overly sweet. 

You also have a choice of bacon, ham, or sausage and 2 eggs any style. I requested to have my bacon extra crispy and they made it perfect! The price of $10.59 is not bad for the amount food that you get; It's enough to cover your breakfast for 2 days! 

On other occasions, I have also tried their Sweet Potato Pancake Combo $10.59 - 3 large and moist sweet potato pancakes, with your choice of bacon, ham or sausage and also 2 eggs. I chose sausage and 2 sunny eggs. Everything was perfect and I also really enjoyed the subtle natural sweetness of the sweet potatoes in the pancakes. The pancakes are different and I like that option. Flavor rating: 4/5

Smoked Brisket Benedict $10.59 - The brisket is tender and adds a great variety to the world of Benedicts. However, the meat failed to have presence in flavor and was lost in the hollandaise sauce. Flavor rating: 3/5

Country Benedict $10.59 - a country classic crowd pleaser. I felt that the sausage gravy had a slight watery consistency, but my date didn't have any complaints. You really can't pass the giant portions. It's truly enough to feed 3 adults comfortably. Flavor rating: 3/5

Biscuit and Gravy - They are called biscuits cafe, it only makes sense to try it! I really enjoy their homemade thick and creamy gravy with sausage bits. However, their biscuits were a little dense for our preference. I found that soaking the biscuits in the gravy longer until they soften, is an ideal way to enjoy this dish. Flavor rating: 4/5 

P.S. If you don't like soggy hash-browns (like me) I would suggest requesting to have them extra crispy! 

The bustling diner feel is charming and cozy; it's a real local's joint. I also really appreciate the wholehearted honesty of our waitress when she gave us her opinion on certain menu items - she really knows her food!

The prices are competitive and the portions are indulgent. These portions were meant to be shared. Bring your appetite and leave your boring toast at home.笑
Food is very fresh, staff was pleasant. Think I found a new place to eat. I would recommend it. I was pleasantly surprised and always look to help other small business owners. Good lLuck笑
I had heard pretty good reviews about this restaurant so, one day my mother and I decided to try it out. 
We ordered the biscuits and gravy to share and I had two eggs over medium well that we're cooked perfect, bacon, which was kinda too greasy but tasty. My mother had two eggs over medium, which the egg white weren't cook all the way and ham, which she said was good. We both had coffee, which was good and two glasses of water. 
Now, the only real compliant about this place was the water. The water tasted like they had gotten it right out of a pond! It was the worst tasting water I have ever had!! If they just cleaned to up and used a water filtration system or purified water system, it wouldn't be half bad. 
Are waitress was very nice and commentating but, I drink a lot of water so, I don't think I'll be back. 
Food was pretty decent though!笑
My family and I have been here several times for breakfast.  We live fairly near by, but we would travel pretty far to enjoy a meal here.  Friendly service, great food and a big variety.  I especially love their homemade raspberry jam served with toast and biscuits.  I've had the country omelette with the gravy - wonderful!笑
The only quick part of my meal was the bus boy asking if I was finished-my plate half-full of food, my fork in my hand, and still chewing the last bite I had taken. I had to get someone's attention to be sat, I waited nearly 10 minutes to place an order, and I finally had to go up to the cashier with no check. When I expressed my disappointment in my first visit, I was told, "That's too bad. I hope we see you back again."  Yeah, that's not likely.笑
Service was pretty good, friendly people. However, I ordered the Florentine Benedict with red potatoes. The potatoes tasted reheated and kind of old, the hollandaise sauce was too sour and I was sick the remainder of my day. If I do go back, I would definitely order the cinnamon french toast because my friend ordered that and enjoyed it.笑
The worst breakfast I've had in LV in 15 yrs.I had the biscuits & gravy combo 2 eggs,ham terrible the ham was so tough and over cooked even the steak knife wouldn't cut it let alone chew it,the biscuits as well were very hard and the eggs over medium were burned at the edges the coffee was no bargin either very bitter after4 sugars,lousy the prices are way high for what you get.笑
Read about this 4 star place in the paper this morning. Decided to give it a try for breakfast. Arrived at 10:15 waited 10 minutes to be seated. After another 15 minutes had to flag the manager as wait staff was walking past us but no one took our order.  It's now 11:15 no food yet and my coffee cup is empty. Not impressed will never be back regardless what the food actually tastes like. 

Food arrived, biscuit breakfast lived up to my sons expectations. Waitress  comped my drinks.笑
Totally love this place!! Enormous menu, which is usually a turn off, but everything looked so delicious that I actually wanted to order it all! 

Staff was friendly and attentive, our server Jocelyn was great! :) Our food came out very fast and it was so yummy! 

I had the Almond Crusted French Toasts!! OMG!!! So good!!! 

I will be back many, many more times! :)笑
Based on today's lunch experience, disappointed. They seem to have better breakfast options than lunch...

Service was very slow in-spite of not having many tables seated. Staff and manager are all on there phones, distracted, socializing and seemingly uninterested in their jobs. While we were waiting forever to get our orders taken the manager was sitting at a table close to us playing casino games on her phone with the sound blaring.... Regardless if she was on a break.... Not appropriate for her to be sitting in the dining room playing games on her phone...

We've been here twice and it's very clear where the staff's lack of ambition drive customer service and interest comes from. 

The manager wonders about the restaurant... "Looking busy" but not doing anything. I've not seen here make eye contact nor acknowledge a single guest or touch on any tables.

The one table she did spend 15 minutes at were "friends" again socializing comparing pictures on her phone and her patrons. 

I could tell that they were simply trying to get through their meals, but she kept on showing pictures and lingering...

We got 2 cokes and after about 20 mins someone finally came over to take our order. James had the California club which I tried a bit of and liked, James being a avid Club sandwich guy, prefers the real deal, not their version.

I thought it was pretty tasty and yum, I would order that perhaps in the future.

As for my Brisket dip sandwich.... A dry small brisket tasteless with brown water as the dip... Very disappointed... I would not try it again or waste money on this sandwich... Waste of time...

The plate arrived, I looked at it it, looks boring, like the manager, passed through my mind.... 

The dipping jux, did nothing but subtract from an already bore me to sleep meal...

After 2 sips in our still full drinks our waitress asked us if we would like refills.... Uhm no were good for now thanks....

After we received our meals and had two nips on my pickle and James had no more than 2 fries, again, how is everything? Well the pickle bite was pickly thank you for asking  and the fries were well fry-y, come back and check on us when we've had chance to try the actual meal perhaps? Or not....

Combined with the service experience and the actual food... I give today's visit a barely 2 stars.... You guys have some work to do.....笑
Awesome breakfast place. We love the almond crusted French toast an biscuits and gray. Yummy.笑
My first (and last) visit.  I ate a late breakfast there.  The menu is a heart attack waiting to happen and appealing to those who are already overweight.  Packed with fat and empty calories.  The one item that seemed feasable was the veggie omelette.  Terrible.  I will never go back.笑
This place is great. They have above average food and fair prices. The entire menu breakfast/lunch is open all day, which is great when I have family in town and we get brunch at 11:00 AM. At that point, some people want breakfast, and some want lunch. 

If you're a healthy eater, or salad fan, they have great salad menu with really generous portions. In favor of being healthful, get the dressing on the side. My favorite is the SW Chicken salad. 

This place is a real gem, especially because of the newness and cleanliness. My theory is, once they get on google maps, and discovered by more locals, they will blow up, and then there may be a weekend wait. 

I'm docking a star because I had the personal kielbasa breakfast sausage one time, and it was so salty it practically wasn't edible. I think it might have been a fluke though, and that's not something I normally order. 

They have a super friendly and robust staff. Everyone has the attitude, "I'll get it done for you", which I think is important especially on crowded weekend mornings. It's great to see a truly local, independent breakfast joint hit the ground running. I hope they keep it up!笑
Heard a lot of hype about this place so I went to check it out. I will say the place itself is cool, inviting and freezing. The air is so cold I couldn't really stand it longer then I had too. Our server was nice, got our order in quickly but then at the end of our meal he was very adamant to get us out of there. He even went so far as to tell us he had to leave so we would pay, but then we were sitting there and 10 minutes later he was taking another table?? Yea that was weird and uncalled for. 

The food itself was good. I had the french toast combo, french toast was really good, eggs were average so nothing special, and sausage patties were gross I left them on the plate after trying them. My friend got the biscuits and gravy and she seemed happy with her food, but when I tried them again I was not super impressed by either the biscuits or gravy- I thought my french toast was better. So note to self- next time a place says they are known for something do not be so easily fooled.

 I do not go back to places that I rate less then 4 stars so as you can imagine I will not be back for anymore medicore food or strange servers.笑
Rolled in on Saturday about 9:30'ish. We were seated right away - with our drink orders being taken as soon as we sat down. 
We ordered the Avocado Benedict and Chorizo Omelet. Both delicious!
Jocelyn (sp?) was our server, and was very attentive and personable. 
We will definitely return. :)笑
Service was friendly and food is fantastic.  The preparation of food is consistent and they have the best hash browns in Summerlin.笑
Best breakfast ever! Had the Country Omlette, so delicious! Fresh mushrooms, green peppers, onions, and diced red potatoes.  Loaded with cubes of tender steak and thick bacon.  The best part was the topping with a thick country sausage gravy!
Also, it came with hash browns which were just okay and homemade strawberry jam.
Service was great with frequent visits to the table for topping of coffee and concerns regarding the food.  Also,  pricing is very reasonalbe for the amount of food and  restuarant is very roomy.
Definitely coming back here when we are in town again!笑
AWFUL! I almost never leave low star reviews, but this place was atrocious... Good start as we had a nice welcome, but all down hill after that... My husband's coffee cup was filthy with old lipstick & other debris... Then our eggs were WAY over done & to top the horrible breakfast off, I had several hairs in my food... Needless to say, we won't be returning...笑
Order the your way got my meal the biscuit was hard my eggs were over done and my meal wasn't hot won't be hoing back there笑
This was the best experience...loved the service and the food. By far one of the best breakfasts I've had in Vegas. Avocado Benedict is off the charts. The rest of my group enjoyed their food as well...BLT, club sandwich and eggs Benedict were all excellent!笑
If you know how to look, Las Vegas is famous for "locals only" funky spots tucked into a shopping malls. And this Breakfast place is just that. 

When I am in the mood to go out for breakfast, I want "Diner Style"- big, hearty, classic and delicious. I have eaten at Biscuits many times and have never been disappointed.

Sausage Benedict- YUM! My partner says the Sweet Potato pancakes are the best he has every had! The scrambles are really good too!笑
First time there,  we had the cinnamon roll french toast it comes with eggs and choice of ham sausage or bacon. Also had the 1 biscuit and gravy with eggs and ham. Both choices were good sized portions.   Delicious very nice restaurant. The menu has lots of choices we were very happy with our meals.  We had a coupon in the weekly coupon mailing.笑
Man, do I love a good breakfast spot. Biscuits Cafe, you are a good breakfast spot.

My dining experience at BC was a home run. My only regret was that I did not try the coffee which would have made my review complete. I will definitely have to go back and include an addendum.

A colleague of mine and I hit up BC for a quick bite while on lunch break. When we walked in I quickly noticed the place felt fresh. All of the decor was simplistic, clean and appeared new. I was very surprised at how big the restaurant was as well. We were quickly greeted by one of the smiling waitresses and seated. I opted for the Country Benedict and my colleague went for the Chicken Fried Chicken. When our entrees arrived I could not believe the portion sizes that were heaved onto our plates! There was probably enough gravy on my plate to fill my water cup. No complaints here! The quality of the food was par for my expectations and my colleague's as well, and the price seemed just right. The servers were also really on top of their game and not overly attentive.

Next time you're craving some breakfast, do yourself a favor. Skip Denny's and IHOP and give Biscuits Cafe a shot.笑
I drove by this place often when out to lunch with my sister. Thought we'd give it a try. So glad we did. They had a country skillet so I had to get it. It was delicious and the gravy was so yummy! For me and my skillet love it's all about the gravy on top! So good! Of course we both had the biscuits. We were not disappointed they were oh so good! 

My son is still trying steak and eggs were ever we go. He had the chicken fried chicken and thought it was really good. He also thought there breakfast gravy was good. We both had the hash browns potatoes, cooked crispy. Fresh squeezed oj was good. I don't drink coffee but my son does and he said it was good. Nice big cup.  We will definitely have to come back.笑
Friendly staff with a large dinning section compared to a Egg Works.  The Cinnamon Roll French Toast was really good.  The Country Benedict was also really good however the eggs and hash browns were I felt average at best.  The pricing is on par for the service and quality of food.笑
My wife and I have been here twice and wish we lived closer.  The place is immaculate and tastefully decorated.  The staff is friendly, courteous, and helpful but not overbearing.  The food is outstanding - especially the omelets, bacon, sourdough bread, jam, and more.  Not fast service but quality dishes perfectly prepared and served piping hot.  Not inexpensive, but worth every penny.笑
Sat down at 850; drinks came up right away from the man in a pink shirt, which might have been the manager. Great drink service.

About 15 MINUTES after; the waitress took our order, which didnt add up since there were around 5 to 6 servers for about 8 to 9 tables.  Food came out very quickly, which made up for the slow order taking.   

Update: the man in the pink shirt is the owner/manager.  He was very attentive and very willing to hear our feedback, which explain the fast drink service.  In addition, we found out the lady pushing her staff behind the glass was the wife of the owner.   Kinda like the urgency she enforce to her kitchen staff.   

I also love the idea of having an open kitchen where you can see everything that is going on behind the scene. 

My wife ordered the Joe's Special that was made into a burrito.   Excellent! 

I had the simply pick three, which was like everywhere else.   I did make the mistake of ordering egg whites and forgot to tell the waitress I wanted country egg whites and not from a carton.  Oh well.

My kids ordered the kids special.  Fyi, drinks are not included.  Buyer beware. 

All in all this place is very spacious, and does a good job in catering to their customers.笑
Institutional grade food  ,pancakes good , however hash browns and omelet couldn't eat . Lazy cook not making up fresh food.笑
Went here for lunch last week and the food was great and plentiful. The reason for 4 stars and not 5 is they seemed to have some issues with service. Not that the service was bad, they just seemed to be a bit overwhelmed and it really was not that busy. If you have a limits time for lunch like I do I do not recommend this place because as their Moto says they don't make fast food they make good food as fast as they can. So if your looking for good food but not in a hurry I recommend going here.笑
My kids get so excited when I tell them we are going to Biscuits Cafe. They love the chocolate chip pancakes. There is never a wait service is always quick. The staff is amazing and remembered us after only 2 visits. This place is great!笑
Pancakes are DELICIOUS!  Portion sides are hardy and huge!!  Homemade Corn Beef Hash was flavorful with red potatoes spiced just right!  Best of all the Biscuit and Gravy Wow Gigantic serving-Definitely a must order when coming here! Extremely  friendly servers and wait staff.   Looks like they have a steady flow of regulars including one WWII veteran who was known by staff and welcomed in this friendly establishment!  Family owed and we will be back!笑
Met my sister and her family here for breakfast.  I was very hungry.  Walked in and saw my sister and family sitting at a table.  We sat right away.  The place was nice. Started talking and notice after 15-20 minutes no one offered coffee, water or juice. Waited another 15-20 minutes still no one came to the table. Finally one of the waitress acknowledged us and that someone would be right with us. Waited another 15-20 minutes and we finally had to ask someone to get someone to wait on us.  The waitress apologized and took our orders. Another 15-20 minutes went by again and we did not get our drinks. We had to ask another waiter. He apologized and got our drinks. 

After a little wait we finally got our food.  Nice portions, presentation and food tasted great. The wait staff was more attentive because the breakfast crowd slowed and they weren't so overwhelmed. 

Overall the food was good (biscuts were great)but the service lacked.  I will give them another try and hopefully the service will be much better.笑
Thanks to the staff for staying open just a few minutes longer to make me breakfast!This is what Vegas is supposed to be. Great food and great customer service.笑
Slowly but surely getting their stuff together. 

The last time I came in, the manager was very friendly. She addressed me by my first name so she must have read my last review (whoops).

The food has been better. That's why I'm changing my review. It was hot and ready when I got there. They are doing bigger portions too. Nothing was burnt this time.

Keep it up guys, is getting better!笑
Tried this place for the first time today, its only about 10 minutes from my house, I have a newborn at home so I wanted something quick and easy. I left my wife at home with our child amd brougjt our roommate along to help carry food. I ordered a southwest scramble without bell peppers, when I got home my scramble had bell peppers. My roommate and my wife both wanted the fajita omelette, which is supposed to come with salsa, neither did. Lastly the hash browns were pretty dull, not cooked through and lacked any real taste.笑
Tried this place out this morning because it's so close to my house....I have not ONE complaint!  Friendly service, nice atmosphere and my breakfast was perfect in flavor AND presentation.  So impressed!  I ordered the almond & cinnamon encrusted French toast with over-medium eggs and a (hefty) side of thick, UNBELIEVABLE bacon.  Three slices, not two.  The other 2 people with me agreed that this classic cafe is fantastic and we all will return soon.  Don't think twice, just GO!!  :)笑
We discovered this place last weekend, and WOW it was awesome!!  The place is pretty huge for a breakfast place so there was virtually no wait during "prime time" on Sunday morning.  Prices were in line with other area breakfast places, but the portions were HUGE and everything was very fresh and much more homemade tasting vs our (former) regular place.  Service was excellent as well, we were very impressed with this place and we'll definitely be back soon.笑
Love me some breakfast foods.  I like the country benedict here.   The gravy is creamy,  salty, and thick.  It's not your usual gravy but still good.   The service is friendly and they have a loyalty program too.笑
THE FOOD AND SERVICE ARE FANTASTIC!  We had a server named Preston. I tipped that wonderful young man almost 50%! and he deserved even more than that! On Saturday & Sunday they are very busy. Every table was occupied; however our waiter, Preston, never missed refilling our coffee and water as soon as we drank a little and checked to see if we needed anything. 
BEST COFFEE in town! 
We went on a Saturday morning and enjoyed it so much, we went back on Sunday!
The prices aren't the cheapest in town, but no where near as much as one would expect to pay for the quality of the food and service!
The portions are very large! On both visits, my sister and I shared a breakfast and it was definitely enough to satisfy!
I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone who is looking for great food, great service and great value!笑
Fast service, great food, good prices. Need i say more? Ok I will. I had biscuits and gravy and my boyfriend had french toast. Both were excellent. The staff was friendly. Food took a little bit of a wait to come out. I'll go back笑
Bring your appetite!!! I am a big guy and I couldn't finish my ultra delicious Southwest Scramble which came with two large fluffy pancakes!!! My wife had the breakfast tacos which looked good and my wife said tasted good but would only do bacon in the future. 

I would give 4.5 if possible as the food is really tasty but is more traditional and less outside the box. 

The restaurant is clean and well put together. Seems like a traditional breakfast diner/cafe. Lots of business type people here for lunch. 

Overall 4.5 stars (rounded up) for great food, huge portions, excellent service, a clean restaurant with a nice atmosphere. Super impressed, we will be back!!笑
My boyfriend and I took a total gamble on this place and it paid off!!! He Loves biscuits and gravy, so I just did a random search of biscuitsandgravy in Vegas and found this place.  So I'm thinking if they named this place biscuit cafe they must have some good biscuits. And boy do they! From the entry service was Great! Every one was friendly. The manager even stopped by and chatted with us for a few and was very happy that we drove all the way from south point just to get a taste. And they did not disappoint. The food was so good and fresh. We got our food very fast and the place was Full. The biscuitsandgravy were awesome. Fresh homemade jam, eggs fluffy I can just go on and on. We already know what we're gonna order the next time we go! It's so worth the drive!笑
Had the brisket sandwich. Dont know what kind of meat they served but it didnt taste or look like brisket, had a very strange taste.笑
Dismally Disappointing. Ordered a cinnamon roll--after seeing the example on a plate by the register & getting my hopes up--to munch on while we read the menu. It came fresh from the microwave, mushy and swimming in frosting--which was not how it was shown. When I asked if their were 2 types, the manager told yes, 1 with & 1 without frosting. Would have been nice if the server had explained instead of assumed. My breakfast had to be sent back. 15 minutes later husband is finishing his and we had to ask for the whereabouts of my meal. Whenitfinally arrived, it was obvious it had been sitting under the warmer for 15 minutes. We had to ask for drink refills and the check. Service was horrible. Food was meh. Whole experience was underwhelming.笑
This makes me sad the food was not good. I've been here a few times and they must have a new cook. The service was excellent but the food was not good I had the Mexican egg scramble and it wasn't good I posted a picture of this nasty mess. Not sure if I will be back笑
Seated right away and our waitress was attentive and patient as it took me a little while to pick what I wanted from their abundant menu. 
The actual food: not good. I ordered the blueberry pancake combo with scrambled eggs and sausage patties. The eggs were fine but the sausage was somehow bland and tasteless. I'm not sure how that can happen with sausage but, that was the case were. The same was true with the 3 blueberry pancakes: bland and tasteless (and somewhat dry). It appeared there were blue berries in the cakes as well as some on top, but you just couldn't taste them. 
You can get plain pancakes from a number of other breakfast places, or even make them yourself, and I'm sure they'd have more flavor than these blueberry pancakes. 

In short, service was good, the problem is in the kitchen.笑
My husband went here New Year's Eve and ordered the corned beef hash. He said it could have been cooked more especially the potatoes as it was just warm and before he could finish, it was cold.  We came here this morning (January 3, 2015), and I ordered scrambled egg whites (needed to be cooked more), ham and hash browns.  I asked for the hash browns well done, and overall it was just okay.  Husband ordered the pork kielbasa and it was just lukewarm and the hash browns needed to be cooked more. Most of the reviews I read were favorable, but we probably won't be back. Too bad, we were looking for a new breakfast place. Omelet House in Summerlin is way better and very consistent!笑
Found this place by accident looking for what I thought would be an affordable alternative to Cracked Egg and Dennys, but I was wrong. The least expensive item being one biscuit with gravy and eggs and sausage with a coffee came to just over $12.00 dollars. Not my idea of a reasonable price point for breakfast. The food was ok, not great over the top and certainly not worth that kind of money to have a waitress hovering over me while I am trying to decide whether or not to tip on the bill. Sorry but I wont be back to this place.笑
What a total disaster ! Called from across the parking lot to see what the wait was for 12 people and was told 15-20 min. I said really ? Are you sure? She said yes we are very quick. We drive there LITERALLY across the parking lot and when we get there she says it's an HOUR wait ! WTF ?!

After we wait and are told we were next some IDIOT seats another large party AHEAD of us and WE were there FIRST !  THEN after we FINALLY get sat they took our drink order but left us waiting forever to take our FOOD order. After THAT we waited ANOTHER 25 minutes to get any food ! 

THIS PLACE IS A JOKE ! I'll NEVER come here again ! 

Thanks for TOTALLY screwing up Mother's Day breakfast ! 

We got here BEFORE 10 am and we didn't get our food until 12:18 pm !!!! On top of that my mom was the LAST person to get her food !!! 

The worthless manager didn't even bother to come and see how we were or apologize for the HORRIBLE experience we all had !笑
This place is amazing. The corned bee hash is the best I've had in years! The portions were very generous. My daughter raved over how good the pancakes were, and she's not easy to please. This place is definitely a must try if you're in the area. I will be adding this into my weekly breakfast rotation.笑
Super friendly staff, open floor plan, and great scrambles! 
The biscuits and tortillas tasted fresh and maybe home-made. The scrambles used fresh food & produce cooked just right. Definitely 4-star food plus a little. 
The hash browns were pretty bland and maybe underdone. That was about the only negative item.笑
Way overpriced tiny portions service is very weird there.笑
So yummy. Amazing. Delicious. Had a burger for dinner, can't wait to try breakfast. Joe was our server and our cook. The best. Will be back. Highly recommended. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Amazing food.笑
Had a great breakfast for our first time to the Cafe. Food was excellent as was the service笑
This place is awesome. The place is clean. The staff was friendly. The food is great. The portion sizes were all were huge. Being from the south it's hard to find decent biscuits in a restaurant. Their biscuits are good. This place is a rare find. Two thumbs up. I live in Henderson but my wife and I found ourselves on that side of town for business when we ran across this place by accident. All around it was a great experience. I highly recommend this place. I wish they would open one in Henderson.笑
We found Biscuits Cafe (Biscuits with an 's' even though the Yelp page is singular) in an unassuming strip mall in front of Smart and Final.  I was not expecting much when we pulled up, but the exterior is misleading because once you step inside this place is large, bright, and airy.  I found it very refreshing.  We stopped by closer to lunch than breakfast, so the rush was over and we were seated right away.

We ordered the Smoked Brisket Benedict  $10.59 and the Joe's Scramble $10.49.  Both were eggs-cellent (haha).

The Benny comes with mesquite smoked brisket, English Muffin, 2 poached eggs, and hollandaise with a side of hashbrowns or red potatoes.  The brisket was fantastic- tender, moist, with rich flavor.  The hollandaise flavor fell a little flat, but was okay.  Hashbrowns, standard diner fare.

The scramble comes with FOUR eggs, spinach, onions, tomatoes, bacon, potatoes (in the scramble), and parm  on top.  This thing was massive and dense and all the flavors played well off each other.  But, man, it fills you up fast because it is so hearty!  I would likely 86 the potatoes in future.  They were unnecessary (IMO).  As if the dish itself were not large enough, this scramble comes with a side of biscuits, toast, or pancakes.  Since I'm obsessed with finding the perfect pancakes, I went for those and they were pretty darn good!  Fluffy with crispy edges.

We will definitely be back when venturing to the West Side.笑
Wonderful new café, biscuits as good as home made can get. and the service is GREAT.... and the coffee is wonderful. it's only for breakfast and lunch but gets crowded fast, even though it is a big restaurant. portions are big enough to share. Say Hi to art, he will be around to see if everything is A-OK. We love this place :)笑
Excellent corned beef hash! The red potatoes and biscuit's are amazing. Service has always been top notch and food comes out very quick. This is our new go to breakfast place!笑
Two stars only because my sister liked her food. Ordered red potatoes with biscuits and turkey bacon. Turkey bacon was as hard as a rock, biscuits were okay! Nothing to have a restaurant named after them. Red potatoes were still hard. Then half way through there was a hair in my dish, not to mention the soggy strawberries they charge as a full side! No thanks!!笑
My father and I are in this joint at least once a week. I always see the same people working there which is great. Manager or owner with a flat top usually seats us and is real cool as he makes his rounds checking up on customers saying hello asking if everything is good from table to table. I get the old school bacon and eggs plate, so simple but so damn good.笑
Well, I went back.  I gave Biscuits a second chance. I was seated and given coffee.   Once again I sat there for over 10 minutes and was ignored.  I tried to get a waitresses attention, but it didn't work.  There were only 5 tables with customers.  I counted 5 waitresses, and some of them were talking about non work related issues.  When some new customers were greeted when they came in, I interrupted and said that I had been waiting and no waitress.
Once I got someone and gave my order, my food came fast.
I went online and no email for customer service.  They want you to join their club, but they don't want to hear from you.笑
This place is awesome! My husband and I brunched here after church today and we had a wonderful experience. We were sat in a timely manner and the food was delish! They definitely have the best biscuit and gravy I've ever had in Vegas. It's not salty not tastes less, but instead just right. 

They do however need to staff more servers because they place is starting to get really busy.笑
This place was delicious! I went on a Saturday morning, didn't have to wait to be seated because the place was huge. 
I saw huevos rancheros on Yelp so I asked if they could make them for me (because they weren't on the menu) and they were able to. They were delicious.笑
Items Selected:
Buttermilk Pancakes and Thick Cut French Toast
Cinnamon Roll
Buttermilk Biscuits
Chicken and Sweet Potato Waffles

The only local location of a small chain out of Oregon City, Biscuits Café had long been on my breakfast 'to-do' list and with a $5 voucher arriving via E-mail for my birthday I finally decided to play the West Sahara Breakfast and Lunch venue a visit, a seven o'clock arrival finding a few customers already present with the staff bright-eyed and bushy-tailed to say the very least.

Larger in size than one would anticipate from outside, the space easily capable of seating a hundred with at least half that present when I finally departed at 8:15, it was literally as I was being walked to my table that my drink order was taken and by the time I'd actually sat down a full cup of coffee was present, a glass of water joining later and both kept brimming without once requiring reminder or request.

Using their own proprietary batters, as well as coffee from Oregon's Edenway and Sunfresh Organic Jam, but for some reason taking the low-road with artificial syrup where 100% Maple would have been a far more logical choice given the otherwise high commitment to quality, the menu at Biscuits Café does little to reinvent the wheel but with many options for customization including the "Keeping It Simple" Pick 3 it was with little effort that a large order was crafted - the total still less than $30 before coupon, tax, or tip.

Beginning with the eponymous biscuits, a small and fluffy duo rife with buttermilk that somehow became even more poignant with the addition of butter and raspberry jam, it was these same tangy notes that highlighted a pair of fluffy hotcakes served alongside two pieces of golden-griddled bread, and as much as the custard soaked slices from Wheat Montana Farms and Bakery were indeed delicious beneath butter and Maple Syrup brought from home it was in fact the pillowy pancakes that stole the show, each bite rivaling those at DuPar's for the best 'plain Jane' Buttermilk in town.

Moving next to the Chicken and Waffles, a quartet of peppery hand-breaded tenderloins served over a crispy Belgian Waffle made with Sweet Potato batter for only $9.99, both the chicken and the waffles proved to be far better than one would have assumed for the price and with good brining to the bird plus the aforementioned spice all of the flavors really 'popped,' the savory notes a much needed departure from all the sweetness of the pancakes and waffles, not to mention the nearly 12oz Cinnamon Roll that makes the one at Mr. Mama's seem pale in comparison, the cream cheese frosting spread so thick that some simply had to be set aside to prevent it from being 'too' rich.

Setting aside the syrup 'issue' that seems to mar nearly every breakfast joint of this ilk nowadays Biscuits Café is one of those rare chains that feels entirely home grown and 'mom n' pop' in all the right ways.  Great food at a great price, smiley service that never leaves the diner for want, and a menu that executes the basics with ease while offering diners any number of ways to customize to tastes - that's a breakfast worth going out for any day of the week, not to mention the free Wi-Fi and the fact that they were playing Pearl Jam and Soundgarden while I dined.笑
Best french toast ive ever had! Service was on point, and the coffee was great! I live atleast 10 miles from this place and go as often as i can. Bacon, and eggs were great as well.笑
My wife and I had breakfast this morning and were glad to see a new place near our home. Mgr came over to say hello and staff were all very friendly. Place is big and VERY clean.
We shared a Joe's scramble and had left overs for our dog. Great coffee too
Hope they do well笑
3 of us went yesterday for breakfast. 2 of us had the Almond crusted french toast ala carte. It was fantastic and the portion was huge. The almonds are ground fine, so your not crunching the nuts, and there is a slight hint of cinnamon. It was the best french toast we ever had. The other person had the Cinnamon roll french toast combo which came with 2 eggs and sausage links. He loved it as well. Service was great. The place is very nice, lots of great things on the menu. Can't wait to go back and try something else. I wish you had a location in the NW.笑
Friendly staff and Manager. However I felt a little conned by my waitress. She described the burgers there as being "Huge" whereas it was clearly a frozen patty not fresh and was average size and not special in any way. 

Also had their pot roast soup which was OK and I was served corn bread with it. 
The cornbread is what should have been described as "huge"! It was 4"x6" Block! Only thing is that it was just cornmeal. No flavor. 

Lastly, going to pay had to take receipt to register to pay which for a restaurant of this size doesn't fit.  Low and behold they only take cash since their system is down. Of course there wasn't a sign anywhere to warn you. 

2 stars because staff was nice and Manager named Marlene immediately said I didn't have to pay since it's their fault the system is down. She didn't try to make me feel guilty.笑
Biscuits Cafe is probably one of the most underrated breakfast spots in town. I'm a fan of cinnamon rolls and a fan of French toast, so the cinnamon roll French toast ($10.99) was a marriage made in fat-kid heaven. Sweet, cinnamon filled, doughy and delicious, there's enough sweetness without being overpowering. The portion is large and included eggs and bacon. You'll probably skip lunch after eating it.

My kid's order of chocolate chip pancakes ($4.99) was obscene. Way more than any nine year old needs to eat. It's two large buttermilk pancakes full of Ghiardelli chips with whipped cream and chocolate syrup on top.

Service was a little slow even with the place nearly empty early in the morning. But, that was the only downside to our meal.笑
There are so many breakfast spots in Las Vegas that it can be hard to choose one...

My girlfriend told me about a place called Biscuits Cafe after she saw it on Yelp. We made a mistake and tried it out.

We were one of the few tables that actually had customers, and yet drink and ordering times were slightly ridiculous. On top of that, our table was dirty when we sat down. We asked the waitress to clean it and she did (half-assedly) as it remained dirty. When she left and did not come back for 20 minutes, we asked the bus boy if he could clean it. He did (half-assedly) as it still remained dirty. We eventually received our food. I think I had french toast and eggs of some sort. It didn't really matter, because it was plain, tasteless and just not very memorable. 

The coffee was good, i guess.

We ate our food, paid and left, hopefully never to return.笑
This is my favorite breakfast place. The service is so friendly and excellent here and always consistently good. I love the Avocado Benedict. I don't know how they get the most perfectly ripe avocados. The red potatoes are delicious and their fresh homemade jam is excellent. I always order the biscuits so that I can get that little tub of jam.笑
Went here this morning.

The biscuits and gravy were just ok, the gravy was good, the biscuits were not light and fluffy. 

The blue berry pancakes were good. Who I had breakfast with said that the corn beef has was good. 

The service was just ok. 

The prices were high for the quality of food that you got. 

I won't say I won't return but it won't be my first or second pick more than likely.笑
Went on a Sunday morning about 10am. It was clearly busier than the staff and kitchen crew are able to handle. The place was packed but the tables were not full. It took a while to order and then the order was not correct when it came to the table. The appetizer cinnamon roll never came, my drink was not refilled and my pancake was burnt (black). The hash browns needed some love and my french toast seemed old. I hope they get their act together, it has the right ingredients to make it happen.笑
We love this place! Amazing service, delicious food,  large portions and a great rewards program (so easy too, just an email address!)笑
Best Pumpkin Pancakes! Hands down. I highly recommend this place. Affordable, excellent service and extremely good food!笑
I met a friend and her dsughter here for breakfast at their request.  They ate open for breakfast and lunch according to their sign.  The service was great and they were very attentive to out needs.  They are a typical Americana Cafe.  I ordered the Belgium Waffle with fresh Strawberries on it, 2 eggs and sausage on the side.  I originally wanted the 5 berry topping but the waitress explained it was frozen and not fresh, praises for her honesty.  The sausage patties were dry and not really worth the effort to eat.  My guest really enjoyed their meals.  Over all experience was satisfactory.  The best part, aginan was the wait staff.  I rated as high as I did because of the staff.笑
This place is horrible.10.50 for a lunch menu
The food was like it came out a box.if you think this place is a bargain or at all good you need to get out more often.i ordered the Mac n cheese and it really looked as if it came out of a box and a few foofy thing all over it.after I sent it back I just ask for a soup.im writing this cause I've since been sick all day and it's now 11:30 at night and I'm violently ill.my son ordered the fish and chips and neither him are I are a that picky.he took it home and threw it away.long 
John silvers has bigger and crispier fish that that place.this is Vegas where we know between good and bad food.and this place is bad.i never get this sick from food but here I am.RUN THE OTHER WAY!笑
This is going to rival where I choose to go to for brunch with family and friends 'cause I was pretty loyal to the Egg & I on Arville and Sahara for savory moods/cravings. 
Came here to meet up with one of my best friends, who's one of the establishment's regulars. He gave me the scoops on this place... Family-owned and actually staffed by the family, and everything is freshly made and follows family recipes. 
I had the Zesty Chorizo Omelet, and that plate was a bigger portion than I expected! The biscuits were still hot out of the kitchen, the jam/preserves that's served was yummy! Could honestly tell that it wasn't store-bought. The omelet was the main star of the plate - savory and balanced/cut back with avocados. Hahaha... No salsa needed. One should also order their potatoes crispy per recommendation of our server. 
I can't forget to mention that the customer service was extremely good! I was warmly greeted right away, my friend and I were checked on by our server as soon as I took a seat. Personable conversations too! Hahaha... Not just because my friend makes it easy to chat to, but the owner and his daughter got to genuinely catch up since they last saw each other in the restaurant. 
I'll definitely be asking my friends to meet up here whenever we can get together for brunch, and I'll even try to get my family to try this place sometime soon.笑
Great breakfast. We are new to area and have tried Eggworks and The Cracked Egg. I think this will definitely be a place we frequent....the Joe's Scramble was excellent. My daughter's Mac and cheese was super cheesy. Good stuff!!笑
I go here for breakfast once a week (usually on a weekend) with my boyfriend. We started going here just because it wasn't as crowded as other breakfast places. Waiting for a table at a restaurant is the bane of existence, I would rather just leave and eat somewhere else 99% of the time. Also, I always want a booth because I hate sitting at tables- and this place almost always has a booth for me. The food for the first few weeks was just average, decent breakfast food. Then about two weeks ago we tried the bacon breakfast tacos. Pretty good!! They are seriously simple, but so delicious. Try them if you ever go here!

There are a few things I would like to see changed. 
1) I always order a coffee and a water, and my water comes in this dinky little blue plastic "childrens" looking cup. This has always been surprising to me because it is not like I am ordering water in place of buying a drink. I am buying a drink too, so give me a real water. It bothers me every time, I just can't figure out why the policy would be to give people who want water and coffee a shot of water. I want a real cup with a lemon!

2) It is always really bright. I think some kind of window coverings would be nice, maybe just some see through screens to dim it mildly. Sometimes I wear my sunglasses inside this place. 

3) I think some people who work there are confused about their rewards system. The first person who explained it to me said that rewards you earn with points don't expire. This makes sense, because it's basically a "spend X get X free" system. Then the other day we went in and had a birthday reward and a points reward, and the girl told us we should use the points reward because it expires. In actuality, the birthday reward should be the one that expires as it is only good for the month that it is your birthday - which was ending soon. If I had used the points reward like she wanted me to, I would have lost the birthday reward all together. As far as I am aware right now, points rewards don't expire. I could be wrong- but I would hope they would put it in an email or something if they do expire so we know when. Either I have to be reeducated or someone on the staff does. I don't really care which of us is wrong but I don't like the confusion.笑
They are always great, with the service and they always have great food! Just wish my food was hot when it got to me, it tends to always be a little cold but the biscuits and gravy are super good!笑
I have been here twice and on both occasions  I was pleased with my meal and the service. I love their very large coffee mugs. I had a chance to chat with the owner who was very personable and I had to ask her about their raspberry jam. She informed me that it is homemade...It is delicious too (gave them an extra star for the jam)! Of course since I have been making jam for over 40 years I already knew that! This is a fairly new establishment. Definitely give it a try!笑
Stood at the counter for five minutes waiting to be seated, staff made eye contact but continued about their business. Didn't smell appealing and prices were questionable. Decided to leave, no one said a word.笑
My past 2 visits will keep me from ever coming here again. Went on a lunch break with my wife. After 40 minutes we told them we had to go. Made us pay for our one cup of coffee before leaving. I thought nothing of it at the time, but now I'm furious and I will not be back. That is 3 times I have left this restaurant after 40 minutes with an empty stomach and they could care less. Never again.笑
First time very impressed. Very efficient, clean, healthy portions, priced right. Friendly staff.笑
Disappointed. I'd read the reviews and was expecting more, especially from a place called Biscuits Cafe where their motto is good food served as fast as we can.  The food was mediocre. Coffee was way too watered down. And the service was ridiculously slow.  Doubt there will be a return visit.笑
This place has been bookmarked for awhile. So I decided to stop by here for breakfast and was hesitant to try this breakfast place because of the mixed reviews of fellow Yelpers. However, I stumbled across Antonia M. review and she mentioned the best item is their Cinnamon Roll French Toast plate. By now, your probably wondering...why did Marlon got this particular item when clearly it's called Biscuits Cafe. First and foremost, I have a sweet tooth and anything cinnamon sugar is gonna get my attention. As my server Brenda took my order, she was very knowledgable with the menu and history of biscuits cafe. She made my visit a pleasant morning and was very attentive to my needs. Water cup was filled constantly and my black coffee with small amount of cream was filled a few times too!

Onto the my Cinnamon Roll French Toast, from presentation and to the very last bite was amazing! The French toast was soft in texture with a good amount of cinnamon flavor throughout. The best part was that it was moist and not dried out. It included your choice of eggs and bacon or sausage. Both side items were good along with the side of hash browns that I got to contrast with my French toast. I would definitely come back for this dish and to try out other items.

2017 Yelp Review #8笑
I was in Las Vegas for the weekend with a friend and he suggested that we give this place a try. I'm glad we did, it was a pleasant surprise. We went in for breakfast around 10:00 AM on Sunday morning and it was busy, but not packed. We were quickly seated in a large booth and served coffee right away in an oversized coffee mug. We didn't have to wait too long before our waitress took our orders.

The menu had great selections for breakfast and of course their specialty...biscuits & gravy. I ordered the  Black Oak Kielbasa that came with two eggs, choice of hash browns or red potatoes and choice of biscuits, toast or pancakes. I had my eggs over easy, hash browns and of course biscuits. When my food arrived I was pleased that the food was prepared just right. The biscuits were very warm and seemed fresh out of the oven. The Kielbasa was tasty and the biscuits were definitely good! 

Overall, my friend and I enjoyed our breakfast...we had no complaints with either the food or service. The restaurant set-up was very spacious, bright and clean. They even have newspapers available for the customers to read. In addition, it's located in a nice area of town in a strip mall...so parking is plentiful & convenient. Check out the photos I posted...

As a side note, we liked it enough that we went back the following day for breakfast again...we were in the area & it was just convenient. It was a Monday morning around 9:00 AM. It wasn't busy and our waitress was very attentive. My friend and I both ordered the French Toast Combo and we both felt that the French Toast was good. The next time I'm back in LV, I plan on having breakfast here again.笑
Let me start by saying I was shocked that Las Vegas even had a Biscuits Cafe.....because we have a couple in AZ and I thought it was only in Oregon....AZ and Washington. So imagine my excitement when I found out one was here and my wife could use her 5 buck Birthday Certificate for our entire meal. We have not been to Biscuits in years because with us being VEGANS there was nothing there we could really have. However upon looking at the menu when we arrived out here......we found that they actually do have a couple of items that are VEGAN. We ordered the Veggie Wrap which comes with your choice of hasbrowns or Red potatoes. While neither item was seasoned very well.....we fixed that issue with some salt....hot sauce....and ketchup....LOL!!!!! 

The Customer Service was awesome.....the establishment was very clean.....and location was very easy to access. I would honestly only come here if I had a coupon or gift certificate to use but all in all it was a very good experience. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!笑
I had always wanted to eat here and got the chance today. The service was fine but the food was not great.  If you name your restaurant BISCUITS then they should be memorable.  These were perhaps the worst biscuit ive ever had. Hard dry..KFC biscuit are better! My ehgs were way undercooked and my bacon was cooked I think last week. Im disappointed and will nor be coming back. Nor should you go either..笑
Always a great breakfast here!!! ( Family owned restaurant which gives it a small town type vibe . ) My boyfriend and I were greeted and sat within the first two minutes in the restaurant(which is great considering it was 11am on a busy Sunday morning). We we're immediately greeted by a server who took our drink orders. I ordered a half coffee/ half hot cocoa with whipped cream and it was DELICIOUS . I would go just for that alone any day!! After looking over the entire menu ( so many great choices ), I ordered the 5 Berries waffle combo (2 waffles, scrambled eggs with cheddar cheese, and 4 sausage links) and my boyfriend ordered the chicken waffles (2 waffles and 3 chicken tenders). When the food came out, unfortunately I was already half full from my drink alone. I did try a bite of everything and it all tasted amazing! I had to box mine to go though cuz I was just so full from my mocha. The only problem was they put the berries on top of my waffles which made the soggy after while, so next time I'll request them on the side. My boyfriends breakfast was equally as good as mine if not better! The combination of sweet and salty was amazing  I'll be ordering his next time  will be back again!笑
Short review:

It's an automatic fail when I come for breakfast and am there for at least 30 minutes and not once during that time did anyone come around to offer a coffee refill.  Not once.  

Longer review:

I saw Biscuits Cafe on Yelp and since it's close to home I decided I'd have to give it a go.  I wouldn't have ordered the biscuits and gravy combo but when in Rome... This is their signature, their biscuits.  The combo includes a choice of meat, I chose sausage, and two eggs any style.  I opted for over easy.

The order was done quickly.  I am not a connoisseur of biscuits and gravy.  In fact, I can't remember the last time I ordered this.  The biscuit was OK.  I'm not sure if it's supposed to be house made but I'm pretty sure it wasn't.  There was nothing special about it.  The gravy was OK, too, with a hint of ground pepper.  I'm certainly glad I didn't order the breakfast with two biscuits.  The sausage was two links that were sliced horizontally and grilled.  The eggs were done over easy.

All in all, breakfast was OK.  I should have stuck with an omelette or Benedict--my usual go to breakfast dishes.  But, I'll never know what they're like because I won't be back.  

When I paid at the register, the woman asked for my member number.  When I told her I didn't have one, she asked me if I wanted to join their club.  My answer was a polite no.

People, when you have three servers covering about 7 tables, it's not hard to bring a carafe of coffee around and offer warm ups or refills.  It should be something you dream about at night.  If one of your two specialties is breakfast and you fail on service for that, there's not much hope for you.笑
This is a great breakfast place wether you are eating by yourself, with a friend, or with 4 other people. My family and I have been here a few times, there is really something for everyone on the menu. The chicken tenders are amazing I have ever had, we all love them so much. I would really suggest trying them if you're a fan of that! The eggs and really anything we've tried is very good, and they really do cater to your specific preferences. I personally am not all that crazy about breakfast but they have a "keep it simple" section on their menu! The service is good, they are always nice and they are efficient. I feel like they could do a little bit of a better job motivating the servers and maybe get a few more because it seems like they are spread thin. But we do enjoy this place, you really get the feel that they want every customer to have a good experience.笑
Friendly staff, horrible bakery. I had the coffee crumb cake and a latte, my wife had the breakfast burrito. 

The latte tasted like those from a gas station, the kind that also makes hot chocolate.

The coffee cake had no flaver and the "crumb" on top had the consistency of century old sandstone.

The breakfast burrito was supposed to have bacon, but it looked more like bacon bits. . .or really old bacon that was broken into very small pieces. 

Really felt like a waste of money and time. I also did not like how dark the lighting was.笑
Went to lunch today at about 12:45.  Very poor experience!
When we walked in we waited about 5 minutes before anyone greeted us.  A server finally came out of the dining area to seat us.
It took an hour before we finally got our food.  Server said that our ticket was lost.  Other customers that came in after us had finished their meals and left before we got our food.
When we finally got our food it wasn't what we ordered.  One entree completely wrong and another one incomplete.
Very slow refills.
Had to wait on our check.
Cashier asked how our meal was and I said not very good.  He never said anything - no apologies - nothing!
Never saw a Manager or Owner during our visit.   Maybe that is part of the problem.
I left the server a tip only because I know that she  needs them to make a living.
Taking care of the customer is definitely not important here!  We always try to support small businesses but they have to at least try to take care of their customers.
We obviously will never be back.  There are many other good breakfast places in Vegas to spend your money on.笑
First time here. Was highly recommended. Had the Clam Chowder which was very thick & creamy. Just the way I like it. Came with a side of cornbread which was nice & moist. Then I had the Country Benedict. If you can't decide between getting Eggs Benedict & Bisquits & sausage gravy then this is the dish for you. It was delicious. Service was also superb. The whole staff was very attentive & making sure we were taken care of.笑
I was really looking forward to having breakfast tomorrow at one of my favorite places with my family with the best server in town Kellie but her schedule changed without notice. A little bummed so i guess i have to find another place until she works on Sunday again.笑
My boyfriend, his sister and I came here to see what was this Biscuit Cafe place was all about for breakfast. Customer service was on top of there A game. Our server kept refilling our coffee mugs and made sure we were doing okay.  I ordered the New Smoked Brisket. I thought it was okay. My boyfriend ordered the Chicken Fried Chicken so I tried it and the chicken was juicy and the flavoring of the gravy was just right, not too salty.  I think I'm going to order that next time! His sister ordered the Corn Beef Hash w/ red potatoes. The corn beef was slow cooked, it might be dry to some people but I thought that one was delicious--according to my taste buds!  I'm definitely going here again!!!笑
So yummy! I had the almond crusted French toast and my girlfriend had the apple sausage breakfast combo. The French toast was so good! A new spin on the classic favorite. The bacon was delicious and thick cut. Her sausage was tasty and the biscuit and jelly were really good! I'm glad it opened and is just around the corner from the house. Everyone was super friendly and the owners came by to say hi as well. We will definitely be back!笑
Me and my husband went here to have breakfast and it was the best breakfast i have had in awhile, the portion are huge, and the prices are reasonable! You should go grab some food from here. The service is awesome as well!笑
Went to Biscuits Cafe this morning for breakfast. The place had a nice atmosphere. Could use a little more in terms if decor.. Couldn't tell if they were going for a more modern look or home cafe look.. They are stuck somewhere in the middle. 
Service was good, but not GREAT. They never refilled our drinks and they forgot the pancakes I ordered with my meal, so it took a while to get them and even though they were fresh when I got them, I was already pretty full.. 
Over all their food was pretty good. We got the country fried steak breakfast and the Country Omelette breakfast. I am assuming it is because we both ordered "country" breakfasts that 70% of our meal was smothered in gravy.. BUT it was really good gravy so I can't complain!!  I got the biscuits by accident but I tasted one with their raspberry jam, and DAMN THAT JAM WAS GOOD!! And they must KNOW they've got some damn good jam b/c they sell it by the front register.
The only issue I had with the food is that with a name like Biscuits Cafe their namesake could have been a little more.... Epic, but they were alright.. 
We've been trying to get here for breakfast since they opened a couple months ago, glad we finally did. I recommend them as a breakfast spot if you are wanting a good breakfast for reasonable prices and don't want to do a run of the mill Denny's or IHOP...笑
My husband and I came here for breakfast based on it's 4-star Yelp rating.  The staff was nice but it took forever for our order to be placed.  When our food arrived at the table 25 minutes later, it was less than average.  Fast forward 30 minutes and now we're feeling sick.  Bummer!笑
What a great find. Great food an amazing service... My husband an I saw this place while looking for new places to eat in our area but at the time it was closed. So we decided this morning to go there and have breakfast and try it out. We were so glad we did. I had the cinnamon roll french toast which was amazing and he had eggs benedict which was also very good. We also had a side of the biscuits and gravy which I thought were great. The service was exceptional, always making sure everything was okay and our coffee cups were full. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone.  With It's great food and exceptional service we will definitely be regulars here. So if you haven't tried this place yet I definitely say go what are you waiting for.笑
Menu is fabulous different variations of standard breakfasts' dishes.  Homemade biscuits and jams. Perfectly prepared egg dishes. Light fluffy pancakes. I had the fresh blueberry pancakes...perfect!  Not your tiny coffee cup, no, no. A real coffee mug. Family operated. Warm, friendly fast service. Will be back again!笑
Great food! great service! Love this place & their biscuits! get the Veggie Benedict my favorite & join their rewards system!!! Great place to bring kids too!笑
I want to really like this place. The owners are on site and I try my best to support small business and avoid big chains when possible. 

The service was always great but the inconsistency in food quality was always disappointing especially when the owner works the line. Everything leaving the kitchen should be as ordered. 

Not a bad location but the consistency and quality can be much better.笑
I was on the fence about coming here based on previous reviews about the service. I am so glad I made the choice to come anyway. The service was prompt and friendly, even on a very busy Sunday morning. Now for the food. My guy got the Brisket Benedict. It was full of meat griddles to perfection on top of an English muffin. It also had perfectly poached eggs and Hollandaise sauce. It was served with a side of hash browns (you can also get red potatoes). It was a big enough portion to fill my guy up. I got the almond encrusted French toast. It was tasty. Crunchy on the outside, sweet and buttery on the inside. It came with good, thick bacon and eggs. I don't like eggs, so they happily substituted hash browns for me. It was a great experience and we will be back for more!笑
This is right across the street from my house and is my go to breakfast place now. I also live close to Hash House, Hash House a Go Go, and Babystakcs. Biscuits is my preferred place for the following reasons

-no wait- it is really large with lots of seating and I have never had to wait for a seat- waiting is for suckers
-good food to price ration- a breakfast is like 10 dollars and is more food than I can eat in one setting. Meals come with eggs, potatoes, and pancakes in addition to your main entree item. Its a solid deal


Everything I have gotten has been good, but here are a few favorites
-Brisket Benedict - this is a special that is only available sometime but if it is snatch it up
-Corned beef hash- made in house, is really good
-Country fried steak- one of my all time favorites and its good here- excellent gravy
-Southwest scramble- chorizo, avocado, salsa, served with tortillas- whats not to love 

Also, they have pretty good biscuits that come with an awesome seemingly fancy preserves that is great. Even if I don't get biscuits with my meal cause I want pancakes I usually order a side of biscuits.笑
A really good breakfast and lunch restaurant. The food was good and the service was excellent. Will be coming back often whenever we're going for breakfast or lunch. No more iHOP.笑
Came and had breakfast with the hubs and baby before heading to the pumpkin patch. Service was quick and friendly. Tried the homemade corned beef hash which wasn't bad but a bit salty. Having the over easy eggs and added hot sauce helped. Hubs tried the biscuits and gravy because I feel like you have to and he said they were good, not as good as my homemade ones, sorry! They charge for refills of coffee so I was really disappointed with that since a small cup ended up coming to almost $3 each. For black decaf, that seems excessive. With so many other breakfast places in our area, not sure if we'd swing by again.笑
I tried them for lunch and wasn't impressed.  Now I decided to give them another try, this time for breakfast.  After all, you'd expect a place called the Biscuits Cafe to have great biscuits.  The facility is clean and well lit and the staff is friendly.  It was rather busy, but service was fast and I got my coffee without any delay.  I ordered ham & eggs with hash browns and biscuits.  I HAD to try the biscuits!  The food was not bad, but it wasn't all that good either.  My waitress checked back several times and I was offered refills on my coffee, which made me happy. 

As for the biscuits......I was told that they made them there in their kitchen.  I find that difficult to believe.  They seemed more like something you buy readymade but unbaked, then pop into the oven so you can say they are baked on site.  I'm sorry folks, but I expected better biscuits from a place that is named for them. 

The 3 star rating is for the prompt and friendly service, since the food rated no stars with me.笑
I just came out of this restaurant actually today and the reason I decided to try it was from all the wonderful reviews I found here on yelp but guess what? After waiting for half an hour, our breakfast was no where to be found. There was no waiter who even asked us or checked on us. Finally, when the people seated behind me got their breakfast (they came way after we arrived), I asked one of the waitress what happen to our order? After waiting for another 10 mins, our waiter came back and said, "well we made a mistake, your order drop on the floor and nobody saw it so we are just ordering them right now". We cancelled our order, paid an $8 coffee and left. Suffice to say, NO, we won't be back!笑
Not sure what previous yelper is talking about.  Place was packed when we walked in with six of us. Sat us withen 5 minutes and took our order right away. Manager came over twice to see how things were going.  The waitress overheard my daughter say it was my nephews first birthday. She brought out a strawberry shortcake and candle. First class all the way.笑
Went there on Sunday morning about 9AMish and the place was constantly busy but not the rush that we find at a place like this for breakfast on Sunday morning.  Easily seated and drinks ordered right away.  Wife really liked the scrambled eggs and my omelette was pretty darn good.  What surprised me most and I am liking it for it,  they had the Tabasco brand of Chipotle hot sauce on the table.  You usually have to ask for it or most do not carry it at all.  Reasonable prices quite outstanding attention to service although the food did take a little more time than other places.  If you have time to spare,  it is a good sit down restaurant.笑
Huge portions with some inconsistencies ~

I'll say this, the amount of food you get here is insane. I can never finish anything. My favorite part of the meal are the great biscuits that come with butter & a variety of jams, best ones are the strawberry & raspberry. 

The service is always extremely friendly & I love the fresh OJ they serve. My man really likes this place & it's literally across the street from our home so it's always very convenient. 

My food isn't always cooked the way I like. For starters the potatoes tend to have softer & harder bites. Slice them up more evenly & that'll allow them to cook the right way. My bacon tends to come out on the very crispy side and I've asked them to not do so. Lastly I get my eggs over medium & always find the white parts still gooey. 

The prices here are high compared to some of the other breakfast options & I hope some of my feedback gets to the cooks. I support small businesses and maybe offer smaller portions at cheaper prices as well?笑
Best breakfast I have had in a long time. The owners are incredible people. The French toast is unbelievable!笑
Parking was easy... Greeted by 2 separate people at the front entry with a smile... Seated quickly and drinks ordered right after we sat down.  Kids said, "look Dad real crayons!"  Hot chocolate was like it should be... Full of chocolate and lots of whipped cream.  The waitress was responsive and informative for our first visit.  Food was delivered within 5 min of ordering.  Great size portions.  French Toast was light fluffy and had the perfect amount of cinnamon.  Meat lovers scramble was full of great size pieces of meat.  Kids enjoyed the chocolate chip pancakes.  Coffee was refreshed often and waters topped off.  The bill was priced right.  We will definitely be back.  A great alternative for locals who are sick of the regular chop shop breakfast joints.  My only disconnect was the name... Not sure if they have a famous biscuit or not.  It was never mentioned and I didn't see anything in the restaurant that stood out to make the connection with the name.  They do have a rewards program as well which can be signed up for online.  Give this place a shot and support local business.笑
This place was actually not bad at all... I had gotten kind of scared before because of the low 3.5 star rating as well as looking at the pictures of the food other helpers had posted (I am a very visual person) but I happened to be by this place and I was stuck in that area and was hungry so I thought I would give it a try. We had chicken and waffles, eggs Benedict with ham & children's menu pancake with bacon and eggs. When i first looked at the pancake, I was a bit concerned, it looked a bit thick and doughy and imperfect... But when i tasted it, it was delicious! The bacon was good as well, thick and crispy! Definitely not the cheap kind. The waffles were delicious as well, light and crunchy, just the way I like it. The chicken fingers were good enough for the teenager. And also, the kids meal was a pretty good size for a kids meal. The eggs Benedict were ok as well. Service- good. Price range- around $10 per meal on average. Ambience- was so-so... Clean enough, but nothing fancy, could use a bit of improvement but definitely not a make or break type of deal. The drinks though- My iced tea was just so-so and needed more ice. So I guess overall they just need to improve on presentation and aesthetics. But my recommendation definitely is to give this place a try. You might just be delighted!笑
Everything was amazing! The service was wonderful and the food came out awesome!!!! Highly recommend eating here anytime of the day!笑
Love this place!! Portions are huge and the food is always on point. Friendly staff and they also have a rewards program!笑
Used to be good. Overpriced bland food. Breakfast potatoes were flavorless. Nothing more than par boilded potatoes that were fried on the grill for a couple of minutes. No season, onions or peppers. Two small biscuits  swimming in warm gravy. Ham-steak was nothing more that prepackaged from a grocery store. Bacon was barely cook almost raw. Asked for white toast was given wheat. Told the server was given two pieces of cold burnt white toast. Very disappointed. There are a lot more restaurants in the area for the same area for much higher quality. Longtime customer that won't be returning.笑
Everything we've tried has been good.   Our  favorite is chicken and sweet potato waffles with a side of sausage  gravy.  The only thing I wish would be improved is the water for a beverage. They need to use a taste filter.笑
We got the chicken fried chicken & that was delicious along with their gravy, red potatoes were nicely seasoned!!! We also got the 5 mix waffle combo with turkey bacon & boy is the jam good!!! Server was very sweet & let me try the gravy before we ordered, Great Place!!!!笑
We saw Biscuits had opened here in Summerland and had to try it out. We love it in Phoenix. Came in on a Wednesday at 9am. Place only had 4 tables going so no wait. Waitress was on it and super friendly. Have to comment here on their coffee, hella good. I ordered Breakfast Tacos with Chorizo. Also some Crispy Bacon. This was a great breakfast and the Chorizo is excellent. Wifey ordered Biscuits and Gravy and she says it was damn good. 
Overall the place rocks and will return often.笑
So dissatisfied with this morning visit ...My boyfriend and I are loyal long time customers . We have been coming long before they switched to the new woman Manager . My boyfriend ordered the fajita omelette with pancakes and sausage . I ordered the cinnamon roll French toast with bacon and scrambled eggs . When our food came Out it wasn't done the eggs were runny...my French toast was doughy and not cooked well . It was also a smaller portion , the bacon was burnt . We ended up telling our server that we were dissatisfied and walked out .  We both have rewards points that we signed up for a year ago . This may be our last visit . Where are the cooks ??? The manager is in the back cooking and it doesn't taste the same . Seems like they are understaffed and the food and customer service is going down . We are now at black bear diner about to enjoy some pineapple upside down pancakes with all the fixings . Biscuits cafe feels like a ghost town wth is going on ??? The old manager was so nice and always spoke to the customers and was concerned with the taste of the food . The manager never ever came out just stayed in the kitchen hidden . We live a block over and it was a complete waste of time to get let down . A very sad experience !!!!笑
Just left with a full belly and plenty for an evening snack. Was impressed with the homemade extras that took my meal to an even higher level.  Fresh salsa, jam and biscuits all homemade! And our waitress Brenda could not have been more friendly and efficient! I will definitely be back笑
Any place with breakfast tacos on the menu automatically garners my immediate attention. Growing up in Texas, bfast tacos are a diet staple but outside those state lines you can only find breakfast burritos- which are totally NOT the same thing. At all. 

Plate here includes two massive tacos on double-layer corn, with options to add sausage, chorizo, or bacon to your eggs, cheese is included and condiments of sour cream and salsa are provided. You also get a potato side (reds or browns).
Huge portion: tortillas were overflowing, removed over half the filling before I could even pick up the tacos to eat properly (not a complaint!), and the corn tortillas held up so well that I was able to stick to a single layer and used the extras to make additional tacos with the overflow!
Not following? You can easily make 4 good sized tacos with this plate.

Chicken fajita omelet is a good pick too- potato side and bread side included (toast, english muffin, or biscuit). Servers have no problem with substitutions, and easily changed out my bell peppers for extra mushrooms. Sadly, the mushrooms seemed canned, but there as a more than generous portion of veggies in the dish. Hashbrowns were undercooked, but we didn't come close to finishing.

Now for my gripe. You're the BISCUIT Café- not the breakfast taco café, not the omelet cafe. The biscuits here were lackluster and dismal, with little taste and an oddly crunchy exterior. Fluffy interior was great and the raspberry jam we received was off the charts, but when we ordered a side of gravy ... well, that was bad, too. Virtually tasteless and gluey, like a poorly made box mix. 

I didn't expect the breakfast tacos to knock it out of the park like they did (highly recommend the bacon and chorizo), but to fail at making your namesake dish? Really bummed by that.
Service was amazing and even at 10:30AM on a weekend, there were a few tables available without a wait. But the line was out the door by noon!笑
Food came quickly. It is delicious. Service is great. Ham is a nice size.  Gravy isn't too thin like some are..only a breakfast and lunch location. Really clean and modern笑
First time I was not expecting it to be as good as it was. It was amazing I had the Greek omelet. Never had something like that it had a really good taste笑
Decided to try this place based off the decent yelp ratings and I must say I am surprised at all the hype. I knew as soon as we walked in it might have been a mistake. The greeter/cashier/beverage server? looked at us miserably and didn't even smile or say anything and just walked us over to our booth. She must have been around 17 or 18 years old and had an attitude as if someone was forcing her to work there or she completely hated it there. She looked really upset so I just decided to let it go since hopefully she had nothing to do with our service from there on. We were promptly greeted by our server who was a bit more friendly. He took our order and brought it but unfortunately our drinks and refills were left up to the hostess/cashier girl. She never came by to offer refills. When we did flag our waiter down for more drinks after leaving our empty glasses on the edge of the table for awhile, he passed the task on to her and she forgot and brought it towards the end of our meal and it was very frustrating. The waiter did nothing besides drop off our food and a check. The establishment was not particularly busy at this time. The food was NOTHING special. Maybe we came on an off day or the lunch menu is better, but based on the service alone, I have absolutely no desire to return EVER.笑
ARRIVED 1:10.  No greeting.  8 employees on the floor with 14 tables more than half done eating and leaving. What? More than 2 employees for every table, your kidding me.  Additional  5 employees sitting on break in dining room.  Order given, asked server (who is always friendly we get her alot) looks like u are the only server, she says yes it does... what are the other 7 doing?  Neglecting customers and dirty tables - l9ts of hanging around and talking.  NOTE:  we were not the only ones grumbling and shaking our heads as the SO OBVIOUS  lack of direction, leadership, organization, total disfunction.  By now 10 tables total in the dining room, at one point 6 needed to order WITH 14 employees on the floor.  Now maybe some were getting ready to go home but seriously who goes home when the dining room is dirty, in disarray, and customers are being neglected... leadership promotion of teamwork  NOT HERE... but to be expected by the middle aged hag of a general manager.  We were treated so rudely by this woman.  I am embarrassed for this restaurant to have such poor representation of management and leadership with one of those rude people who smile and say have a nice day with a lot of disgust and dismissal and keeps on walking away hiding behind that sarcastic have a nice day... like we all haven't seen that move before, no academy award for her performance... should be completely ashamed of herself for her unprofessional behavior  and shortness at her age she should know better, but based on the leadership that was nowhere to be seen it makes sense.   Our food arrived at 1:45.  Open kitchen showed a breakdown occurring and french fries were barely warm and soggy and chili not warm.  Food dumped on us server rushed off, no soda refill  (half empty) no extra napkins,  no check back... gosh 14 employees and thus server is buried.  Got up and walked food back to kitchen to be fixed myself.  10 minutes later new fries arrive on a tiny plate while eating sandwich off a napkin, no offer for another plate or napkins or refill.  Now fries are hot, but white and raw and our sandwiches are cold.  Wave server down to say, we don't want this food, in a disappointing way not rudely, she needs to get manager.  She arrived and the rest is history.  What's the problem.  Not a hello, my name is... we respond we don't want this food (sandwich has 2 bites so don't think anything else) we brought u new fries (ok, so u knew already we had an issue and said come on don't play that game) ya but they are raw we respond... ok, have a nice day... but she really meant ok, go F-OFF ... you'd have to be deaf and blind not to know what she meant.  And she abruptly walks away, our reply you are being rude... HAVE A NICE DAY as she runs her passive aggressive poor excuse of a manager self back to hide in the kitchen where she was planted from the time we arrived.

Not the first time we had a poor experience but the last.  DON'T GO HERE!  and if you do, tell the manager she should be in uniform not her ugly street clothes she always wears.  Tell the young blonde we don't need cleavage in our face it's vegas yes but this is a breakfast joint not Hooters.  Tell the cashier that you are suppose to smile and walk faster than my 90 year old grandmother in a walker.  

No wonder this place sits half empty at all hours when other places have a line out the door.  ONE REASON ONLY - YOUR GENERAL MANAGER.  With 25 yrs food and beverage experience, we speak with experience.  

Watch your camera footage and pull labor reports if you don't believe me.  Shame on you for treating  us this way and ruining Father's day.  Hope u r proud of yourself.笑
The food was delicious and the staff was amazing. Great little place to satisfy your hunger!!!笑
I am a corned beef hash guy and I know how hard it is to find good hash in a restaurant.  believe me, it's hard.  that being said, CBH is on the menu at Biscuits so I decided to try it.  let me also say that I rarely find that a restaurant's "homemade" CBH is anywhere close to as good as the stuff you can buy in the can.  Biscuits is no exception.  if all you want is a huge plate of food you will actually like Biscuits (in that respect it is very similar to hash house a go-go.  actually, both are equally poor on quality).  back to the CBH.  it's not really hash.  it's more like a pile of dried up shredded meat on top of some under-cooked, under-seasoned potatoes. truly gross.  after 2 bites I had had enough.  the server asked if I liked it and I said "no".  she laughed and asked if I wanted a box.  of course I said no.  I wouldn't feed it to my dog.  and, of course, she left it on the bill.  fair enough.  for that, I give my review and rating and promise to never set foot in the place again.笑
My family and I ventured back to Biscuits Cafe for a late breakfast. The restaurant wasn't very busy, which let's be honest, it's only a matter of time before the secret is out.

"We don't serve fast food, we serve fresh food as fast as we can." is sprawled across the wall. Biscuits Cafe delivers and they deliver it well.

Since we arrived around the noon-ish mark, I decided to give the lunch fare a go this round. I ordered the Fiesta Chicken Salad and a cup of the Tomato Basil soup. My family and I were seated right by the kitchen, which is wide open, and you can see right into (and it's immaculately clean), I saw our waitress crushing up avocado and adding ranch to it. That is how FRESH the dressing was! My sister ordered the Breakfast Burrito and subbed sausage for chorizo (with no problem) with hash browns. My mother loved the Chicken Fried Steak and eggs so much last time, she ordered it again today.

Our food came out quickly and it was all delicious. So much better than I had remember on our first visit! My soup was perfect. It wasn't overly salty and was the perfect blend of tomato and basil. My salad was not just made of iceberg and romaine, it had spinach and field greens. The salad was huge, too. I have half of it left over to enjoy later. My sister's breakfast burrito was also on point. Loaded with eggs, sausage, onions, peppers, cheese, and served with a side of sour cream and fresh salsa (which was so good, I got a side of it too for my salad - for no additional cost). It was big, filling, and delightful. My mama finally let me try their country gravy. I'm from the South. I know about Biscuits and Gravy and Biscuits Cafe is right up there with the best of them. Creamy, savory, slightly peppered. It's the country gravy that dreams are made of and is probably an old family recipe. It's REALLY that good.

Biscuits Cafe is a large space, ample seating with booths and tables alike. It's clean, open, and warm. There's really no special ambiance or decor, but it has that diner feel and is just as friendly. Customer service here was phenomenal. Our drinks were never less than half full and our orders were precise. 

PROTIP: They have a rewards program. Get a free drink for just signing up! Earn points, earn rewards towards food. Receive $5 off for your birthday! For every $1 you spend, you collect one point. After 200 points, you receive $5 off. They have double point Tuesdays. Refer a friend, earn points!笑
Was just OK.   Had to ask someone to take our order.   My sausage was burnt,  the server didn't even notice I didn't eat my breakfast.   Handed us our check and walked away.笑
Phenomenal! The brisket eggs Benedict is the best breakfast meal I've ever had! Great service and friendly staff笑
We are happy to see a new breakfast place near us!  customer service was wonderful...and attentive. the staff was all smiles and on top of everything. the place was clean and bigger than we had expected which will be nice once the word gets out that they are open and have yummy food. the prices are great for the portions. I had the avocado egg benedict and loved it. My son who never eats much had the kids chocolate chip pancake with eggs and he ate the entire thing ( with little brothers help) ....big kids plate!  Don't remember what hubby had but his plate didn't last long!  We will definitely become regulars.笑
It's nice to see a menu that covers a broad enough range to make everyone happy. 

My group ordered our individual meals but shared family style so we could sample all this new place had to offer. Their corned beef was made in house and shredded. It was slightly seasoned and needed salt and pepper. I like that though since many times I have ordered and it was just too much salt.

They're sweet potato pancake was really good. Light and fluffy but not too sweet.  

My only real complaint is the gravy they use for their biscuits. It tastes more like a chowder than a gravy. It could use more sausage too. 

Our servers were great. They came by very 7-10 minutes and offered us refills for our coffee and even gave us a to-go cup when we were settling our bill. I was also surprised by how busy it was on a Monday morning.笑
Love this place! Big portions and have never had to wait for a table, even on the weekends. I really like their points/reward program, just recently received  $5 off our bill. Food is always great and the staff is very nice and attentive. Try an omelette, all of them are unique and delicious and you can even get pancakes with them without having to pay an additional cost! This is our new favorite breakfast spot!笑
Came in for the first time today. We had a party of 6; 3 adults and 3 children. Once we were seated it took awhile for someone to take our drink order. We ordered a cinnamon roll, oatmeal, chicken and sweet potato waffles, steak and eggs, corned beef hash, & 2 children's chocolate chip pancakes. The food was brought out in a reasonable time frame. That was a plus, especially when you got a hungry 1 year old! The cinnamon roll was nice and warm. The oatmeal wasn't anything fancy, but it came with biscuits which were alright. There was also milk, brown sugar, dried fruits and nuts for it. The chicken and waffles were good. However, I think it was just frozen chicken tenderloins. The steak was well done, though it should've been medium well. The corned beef hash needed more seasoning. The chocolate chip pancakes were huge for something off the kids menu! Now we know that a 9 year old and 5 year old can share 1 order. Overall, everything was good. The prices were fair considering the huge portions.笑
Best French toast ever, my daughter loves the blueberry pancakes. Excellent customer service, you can tell this restaurant is well managed and they pay attention to the details. Five stars...笑
Had been waiting for months for this place to open and I finally had the chance to try it out over the weekend. The menu was enormous, which is usually a turn off, but their choices were so delicious that I actually wanted to try out everything on that menu! 

I had the Almond Crust French Toasts and let me tell you, they were to die for! Yum! I loved everything about this place. Our server, Jocelyn, was wonderful, very friendly and attentive. They also have a Rewards program for discounts and free food! :) 

Honestly, I will be back many, many more times!笑
We came here while running errands around 11am on a Saturday. There was no wait, but when we left a while later, the place was getting packed. I think the decor is what turned me off the most. It was like a cafeteria in a hospital. Very stark and minimally decorated if you can call some stenciling on the wall decorations. The wait staff also seemed off in their overall service, like they were overwhelmed or confused or short staffed. My bf said from his view, the kitchen staff didn't seem to have a handle on their roles either. Our order did come out rather quickly. It was just ok, nothing that had me jumping for joy. There are other breakfast places with a lot more oomph, pizzaz, and wow factor here in town to make me want to choose Biscuits over them.笑
Feeling a little under the weather this New Years Day, we ventured out to grab a bite... After driving by a few times and reading the reviews, we decided today was the day.. So glad we did!!! It's rare to browse a menu and want to try several things on the menu... But, we did and over ordered just to try some things out...  
We both ordered The Biscuits Burger.. This is a first for me... Hamburger, ham, bacon, cheese, egg, tomato, and onion..... Holy moly, this was super messy and delish!!  Our toddler ordered Mac & Cheese that came with a side of garlic toast. She LOVED it, and is super picky when it comes to Mac & cheese.. We also ordered the hash, very good, a biscuit to try their jam... Wow!  And instead of fries I ordered the pot roast soup...
The staff is very nice, the restaurant is very clean, and the food is very good.. The only reason they don't get 5 stars is timing of the food, and I will take partial responsibility... All the food came at once, including my soup...  Next time I will ask that my soup, and any extra items we order come out first...笑
If your note getting the corned beef I don't think I would come back. 

I never had the biscuits and gravy so that might be a popular place.  We came here two weeks ago and it was pretty good.  I ordered the bLt and it was yummy.  My husband got the pancakes and hash.  Plentiful food that day.

Sadly my visit his time was not as good.  

I ordered the steak and eggs.  The steak was cook perfectly to medium rare but there was no seasoning or any taste.  Maybe some people like it that way.  I felt that I could have made it at home much better.  We go out to eat so we don't have to cook but this encourages me to stay home and cook atleast it would taste better.  Nothing was outstanding it's just steak breakfast for like 12-3 dollars not with it.  Coffee 2.59 wow a lot of change for coffee.  It isn't even worth it.

The keep it simple for like 8.00 is not even worth it just simple like it states. 

The coffee cup was nasty it still had the sugar and cinnamon from before.  My son said the coffee is good did they put sugar in yours? I told him what sugar and then we see the dirty cup.  He thought it was part of it.  The waitress apologized nice but where the discount or one free coffee.  That would have been nice policy. 

We won't be back there are too many breakfast options.笑
Very disappointing. I had the biscuits and gravy plate. The biscuits were tiny and way too hard and the sausage was overlooked. Two tiny biscuits, two sausage patties, and two eggs for $10.50! That would be $4.99 at Denny's. My wife had the avocado Benedict and the hollandaise was not good, she couldn't eat more than a quarter of it. We love breakfast places and this had a lot of promise, but we won't be coming back.笑
Waited 20 minutes just to be acknowledged, manager took our order, food took another 30 minutes, food was ok, not very hot... Overall the experience wasn't very good...笑
Had breakfast here for the first time the other weekend due to a suggestion from my in-laws. Walking in, I knew it was going to be a great place because its straightforward and all about the food. The servers were very friendly and they remembered my in-laws who had only been there once the week before. That is always a good sign.

The menu offers variety at good prices. I ordered the coffee and thought that it was very good coffee compared to other breakfast joints in the area. I ordered the breakfast tacos with corn tortillas and they were really good and filling! I couldn't even eat the last taco and I normally finish my plate! My husband ordered a veggie breakfast burrito and when they delivered the food it looked so tasty and filling, but the veggies made it so watery and was near impossible for my husband to eat it! I tried my sister-in-laws veggie omelet and it tasted as if they cooked the veggies better in hers because the veggies did not water down the eggs. I thought the veggie omelet was very good in comparison to other Las Vegas breakfast restaurants and will probably order that next time. I also saw tables next to us order the biscuits which were huge, fluffy, and steamy. I cannot wait to try one next time and update my review!笑
Was my first time eating here this morning and I have to say.. Our waitress was great! Very friendly and attentive. The food was great and they certainly do not skimp on anything! Big portions we had to wrap up. A great place for breakfast and definitely will be back!笑
Great service. Price is reasonable. The corn beef hash is delicious! If you love Jamms corn beef, you'll love this place!笑
I did not think the biscuits were that great.  I think if you are going to name your restaurant after a particular food, it must meet expectations of wonderful.  The biscuits, although good, were small and not wonderful.  Service a bit off, but understandable because they just opened.  The chorizo omelet was great but biscuits and gravy not so good. It tasted like an accidental pepper overload.  Thus, the place is good but not amazing.  Just ok.笑
Off the beaten path but really worth trying.  Great service,  fresh food.  Even saw a celebrity having a breakfast there. My husband and I  didn't have the best food from other places so we were completely satisfied with everything.  

The only con was my chicken fried chicken,  that was actually just okay. Like a chicken rib patty, not a breast like I like but not the worse. The pancakes were the best I've ever eaten. They melted in your mouth. 

Overall great food and would definitely go again笑
Awesome staff! Super clean! Delicious food! Biscuits Cafe is a definite must have! The almond crusted French toast is superb. We have a family of 6 so we had the opportunity to try different dishes and they were all delicious. Chicken & waffles, pancakes, steak and their 5 berry compote.笑
Went here for brunch on a Sunday. It get full pretty quickly. Service was great as for the food it was ok. It was just basic diner food.  I had the chicken and waffles and the Wifey had the country fried steak笑
I'm sad to give this place a 3 because it looks like it has potential and the other ratings were so good, which is why I decided to give this place a try  .
They sat us down very fast and tried to take our order right away which was good but when I asked for a couple of more min our waitress forgot about us and didn't come back for about 20 min and then our order was wrong she states she didn't hear that she asked to remake but they took very long to make it that we decided to pick out at it, and she never check back to make sure we were ok and coffee topped off! I had to waive her down Lastly because the portions are big we got To go boxes and no bags! Sadly I would not recommend this To my friends and family nor would I come back. Food was comparable to IHOP and Denny's笑
Customer service has gone drastically down hill over the past year. Most of the time you have to beg someone to take your order or refill your drink, even if the place is empty.  Sometimes the food is good other times it is terrible. The pancakes are sometimes good, other times they are rubbery.  No consistency in anything anymore. Any time someone suggests  going here now I always decline or suggest somewhere else. Too bad.笑
Two weeks now, having trouble getting the quality out of the kitchen, my requests are being ignored. This may have been my last trip here!笑
This place is super. It's has great big windows and plenty smiles to go around. The staff is very helpful and the food was great. I had the sweet potato pancakes which rocked and tasted the biscuits gravy which were also way above par. The place is clean. Well staffed. Good food and near my house which makes it a 5 star place for me !笑
Meh. Wife loves biscuits and gravy so we decided to try it out. Service was good but food was not. Both of our eggs were flavorless. Bacon was like cardboard. Our mugs were dirty and my wife wiped hers off with a napkin and left the napkin brown. Will not be back. Plenty of better spots to go.笑
Decided to try this place, since it was local to us. Bad decision...not sure if they were understaffed or just couldn't handle the amount of customers, but it took 40 minutes for our food to come to our table. I ordered corned beef hash with eggs over easy - the whites of the eggs were not cooked - the white part was still raw and runny. When I told our waitress, she asked what I would like her to do, did I want more eggs?? Seemed like an odd question - of course I wanted eggs that were cooked! Instead of taking my plate and bringing it back with cooked eggs, she just brought me two more eggs. The silverware that comes wrapped in the napkin contained a dirty spoon, but that's what I had to scoop the raw egg off my plate and replace with the cooked egg. Disgusting...When we went to pay our bill, the young man at the register asked us how everything was. We told him about the uncooked egg. His response was unsympathetic (similar to our waitress) - said "that's too bad". Really??? A restaurant that wants my business would have handled this entirely differently - maybe taken my plate and brought back a fresh one, maybe offered some compensation on the bill, maybe cared that it wasn't a quality dining experience...We won't be returning. Although the location is convenient, there are much better restaurants out there.笑
Wasn't busy at all on a Tuesday morning. 1 biscuit/gravy combo was more than enough food. Biscuit was small & dense, but gravy flavorful. Hash browns under seasoned, but allowed me to control and add. Eggs cooked as ordered. Mix/match combo of choco chip pancake eggs bacon also enough for wife & kid. Coffee ok too. Overall good value for price.笑
I went in the other day me and my wife and the food wss good most DEFF fresh n hott I loved the fact that the gravy wasn't soo salty I hate salty food but verry clean on the inside  I had the chicken fried steak bomb very tasty ;*) fyi there bacon is soo yummy n thick cooked just like  I like it !!!笑
We recently moved to this part of town and decided upon first seeing the moniker that we were absolutely going to eat at this restaurant! 

We ordered an all egg whites veggie omelette und eine Belgian waffle. We both had coffee. Overall, I really like the place. I was happy that they put cream cheese inside of the omelette because it made it taste so good!

The coffee mugs were gigantic and it was so good because I really wanted to guzzle some coffee today :-) it wasn't that busy, and I think that's why our waitress kept checking back.

My only complaint is that I really really like visiting places of business with a multicultural staff. This place might be new and they might just be working with the first staff they could find, so I hope to come back and see many different types of employees to represent the many different types of clients in this world :-)笑
Fabulous food with a fantastic price. The staff can't be beat! They are the best. They are very attentive and kind! I will miss them since I am moving to Texas. This is a restaurant I wish I could take with me.笑
Big  menu, tons of options. The service was prompt and very reasonable prices, once of the good breakfast places in town. 

Came here with a large party of 8 and they helped accommodate us very well by pushing a few tables together. They didn't screw up thr order and knew who order what when the food came. 

Convenient location close to the Lakes area, just east of Durango on Sahara. Easy to get to from Summerlin Parkway and Rainbow.笑
Clean, open, friendly, can't rave enough about them!
 They have an awesome,varied menu, and the pancakes/French toast/waffles come with FRESH fruit, NOT compote!
 The waffle was crisp outside, moist inside, and the fruit was pertfect! The coffee is mellow, and refilled oftened. There are flavored creamers, and even Caramal Machiotto flavor!
 Everyone enjoyed thier food, There is a one buscuit with gravy,egg, and bacon or sausage that was perfect for smaller appetites.
 The server and manager are freindly, but NOT overbearing. I really enjoyed everything about this place. Everything.笑
Very open and spacious. Average crowd noise level. Very friendly staff. 

My first time here but I will definitely return. I ordered the CFS&E because that's all I ever order for breakfast. It came out in a timely manner and was very good!! Coffee was descent but would prefer stronger blend. The waitress was very friendly and attentive, Kellie was her name and she did a fantastic job in my opinion. 

I will say that the pancakes could be a little lighter. They very heavy so try the biscuits instead.笑
We have been wanting to try this place and are glad we did. The restaurant is really large. Didn't expect it to be as large as it was really but it was nice. They traded cute for functionality at this place and honestly I prefer it. Other breakfast places are cute and petit but they end up have long lines and obnoxious waits because of it. This place was able to seat is right away even though there were lots of people dining and we got our food quickly. The prices were competitive too. They have a rewards program with good benefits as well. We will definitely be back for the convenience and good food笑
My parents love this place. It's decent. The 2 times I've been here I had the pancakes - very berry and chocolate chip. The portion size is huge! 

Good family friendly place and quality food.笑
I went here for the first time. What an awesome restaurant! I had the southwest delight with hash browns and biscuits. It was so delicious and filling. The service was great. What a friendly staff! Would definitely recommend this restaurant to friends and family.笑
I ate breakfast this morning at Biscuit Cafe, for the first and last time. When I walked in the place was pretty much empty...maybe 5 customers. I was seated and given a menu quickly. I think its fairly pricey...$10.00 for bacon,eggs,hash browns and toast. With an additional $4.10 for a glass of OJ. When the waiter took my order I requested the eggs be soft boiled, "real runny". It took 30 minutes to receive my food. The bacon looked like it was probably good when it was first cooked but it was dried out . The hash browns were run of the mill...nothing special. But the soft boiled eggs...OMG...they couldnt have been more hard boiled. Totally the opposite of what I ordered. It took a while to get the waiters attention but when he came over to my table I showed him the eggs. He said he would get me another order of eggs. Then about 5 minutes later he came back to my table and said my eggs should be ready in about 10 minutes. Really?  So everything else sits there getting cold, while I wait 15 minutes for my 2 minute eggs. No, I told him to forget it and asked for the check. The only food that was really good was the toast and a small container of strawberry jam. Dont waste your time and money on this place. There are places in town that are much better.笑
Stumbled into this gem almost on accident. The fiancé and I were debating where to go for breakfast, took a wrong turn (or two) and found the Biscuits Cafe. I loved biscuits so I was sold on the name alone!

Everyone there was friendly and attentive. It seems like a place people come back to and where they get to know your name. I ordered the chicken apple sausage and the fiancé ordered the kielbasa. Both were delicious. They came with red potatoes and biscuits. The potatoes were well seasoned and a good crispness. The biscuits were great on their own but the butter and jam put them over the top. I wish I had some with me right now...笑
Not too many people here yet I was seated and waited for more than 10 minutes before I walked...I was given water but no one seemed interested in taking my breakfast order. Service is lacking greatly, no communication or acknowledgement to me that they would take my order 
Disappointed and hungry....笑
I only went there one time and that was more than enough for me.  This place used to be a cici's pizza a dozen did not remodel much. Open kitchen which felt weird to me.  They had a soda machine if the middle of the restaurant not in the back.  The service was fast and friendly. Food came fast but the quality was not great the Bacon was chewy almost like it was sitting under a heat lamp. I love biscuits and gravy but good lord what they gave me was an abomination.   The gravy was decent but loaded with oregano?  That's pretty odd.  And the biscuit tasted like flour and water.  It honestly tasted like the "bread" from the military mre's.   No bueno笑
This is my second time eating breakfast here.
The food is great. The only negative thing I can say is the food portion is huge, which is actually good. So prepare to have a doggy back on your way out. Or maybe it's just me. Because I see some big people that eat a lot!! Hahaha..
The Service is excellent... And the staff, very friendly and professional..I highly recommend this place!!!笑
I had been told the food was amazing, though I didn't get to experience such myself as we waited 40 minutes with only our drinks after we had placed our order. A server didn't check to ask how we were or apologize for the wait, nor let us know when we should be expecting our order. The water was alright though.笑
Went here for breakfast on my last visit and loved it! My friends decided to try it one day when the wait time was too long at another place. Now Biscuits is their favorite breakfast place and they go there all the time. I'll go back again next time I visit.笑
Me and my husband came here Saturday morning because Jamms was too busy and we are so happy we did.

I ordered the meat lovers scramble and my husband ordered the southwest scramble. Both of us loved our meal, they do have big servings so be sure to have a apatite when you come here. Their biscuits were great and the chorizo was good quality and they weren't stingey with the chorizo either. 

Also our servers were very friendly and attentive. We will definitely be returning here for breakfast again. It won't be long before this place will be constantly packed.笑
Had breakfast here with my wife on a Saturday morning. Not real busy but ample seating. I had the chicken fried steak, really good,  the gravy was delicious . The red potatoes were  gummy and undercooked . I ordered the sourdough toast and it came with one slice cut in half . Who charges 12.00 a plate and only gives one slice of bread ? Biscuits Cafe does that's who. I asked the waitress if that's the norm and she said yes if you want more you'll have to order it as a side. ...... What? Prisoners get more bread than you do here . Very pricey place for what you get. I might try again to see if they serve you half a sandwich for lunch.笑
Had breakfast there the other day. The place is clean service is good  the food is average笑
Very friendly and clean little cafe. Service was excellent.
Food was good, fresh, came out quickly.
I had the half Turkey Sandwich w/cup of Tortilla Soup.
Soup was excellent.... very nice flavor!
Sandwich was also very good... very generous amount of turkey, lettuce, tomato, mayo on wheat. 
My husband had the BLT.... his sandwich was great!!!! I stole a bite and wish I had ordered the same!
The bacon was again very generously given, nice and thick and crispy! Yummy!!!笑
So just moved to Las Vegas and had my 1st breakfast at Biscuit Cafe. What a great choice. The place is very simple and clean. Wait staff from walking in the door to leaving was very warm and friendly. Now to the food my
husband ordered the corn beef hash and eggs with biscuits.  The hash was home made and plentiful he said it was the best hash he ever had. The biscuits were fluffy light and delish the homemade strawberry jam on the side was a nice touch and a sweet treat. I had something called Keep it Simple which consists of picking 3 items for
$8.99.  Choices were plentiful I went with
2 eggs, sausage links(2)  and a sweet potato pancake. The links were nice and plump and had a great flavor. The pancake was huge and truly cake like-yum! I thought they accidentally gave me 2 but it was only 1.  Upon leaving I signed up for their rewards program. For every dollar you spend you get a point and with food  this good we'll definitely be coming back again and again.笑
I went on a Friday, late morning so it wasn't busy but the service wasn't great. Not bad, very polite but not good. Not impressed with the food. So overall I would just say meh.笑
Back for the Biscuits! Ordered the 2 BISCUITS & GRAVY Combo with a side of hashbrowns. Asked for the gravy on the side and for some jelly because I like my biscuits one savory & one sweet. 

Service was excellent once again, food came out quick, portion is generous. Only complaint is that the bacon was overcooked and dry but my focus was on the biscuits anyway. They were tall and had a nice light texture. Gravy was "ok" and probably "great" to some but I've grown up with homemade country-style peppered gravy and this wasn't it. I added s&p and it was good.

My fav part of the meal however was the biscuit with fresh raspberry jam/jelly/preserves (been meaning to look up the difference but this one was thinner with the seeds). A tasty finish to my brunch!笑
Now this place is worth the drive.  Sunday morning a little busy, but that's what happens when its a good place.  We go after church.笑
Great place to have breakfast!

This is our second visit here and the food was good again and the service was great again as well.

Highly recommend, and ask for Brenda... Awesome server!笑
Fast service. Lots of space. Food was okay. Maybe a little more the okay. It was bland which I like so I can add the amount of flavor (salt) to the food that I want. The place had lots of regulars coming and going. You can call in your order.笑
Awesome Breakfast/Lunch Spot. Staff and management is amazing. The almond crusted French toast breakfast is the best I've had. Fresh squeezed lemonade is perfect.笑
Ordered country Benedict and had it delivered via postmates. The Benedict had no gravy on it. Just a biscuit, dry sausage and eggs. Last time I will order from this place.笑
Service is good food is sub part. I ordered fish n   chips gf ordered huevos ranchers. My plate came with no lemon and a small portion of tartar sauce and fish was over cooked. Huevos ranger's was good but hash Browns were old and overcooked so definitely not made to order.  For the price food should be better. Will come back but not in a hurry笑
I ordered a brisket sandwich and as I bit into the sandwich I noticed that the meat tasted rotton and had a bad smell. I  then called over the waitress and explained to her what I experienced. She took the sandwich back and then returned to tell me that there was nothing wrong with rhe sandwich, making excuses. This is the second time I've had an issue, I had a hair in my food before with similar excuses being made. This is the last time I come to eat here! Gross!!笑
Ive been waiting and waiting for Biscuits to open.  With a name like this....you'd think they would have great biscuits.   And they did not disappoint.  Though small, they were light and airy and the berry jam they served alongside was divine!

I ordered the chicken fried chicken with eggs and red potatoes.  Nicely cooked with plenty of flavor.  The service was quite attentive...bordering on smothering, but totally understandable being it was opening week and everyone was on their very best behavior.   I look forward to trying  many other menu items.  I will be back.笑
Absolutely great spot for business breakfast. Much better than the egg and I.  The country omelette smothered in gravy was delicious and the hashbrowns were nice and crisp. Service was friendly and attentive. Will be back soon and many times笑
We eat here regularly.  Food is ALWAYS great! The service is typically beyond reproach- until today.  Our male server didn't do anything wrong per se BUT he did not seem to really care about us.  I watched our food sit up on the "warmer" ( not sure what that area is called exactly) for about 5 minutes.  We waited almost 20 minutes for our food and our server only came by 1x to check on whether my husband wanted his coffee refilled. After our food was served we only saw him when he gave us the check. He never asked us how our food was, to refill our drinks, or to offer a to go container.  This is the ONLY time we have had a less than great experience ( hence the 4 stars).笑
I gotta say, my initial impression of this place wasn't a good one. We walked in just after noon and found only 2 other tables in the entire place to be occupied. Then when we got seated, we had a super weird start where we basically got juggled around with 3 separate waiters/waitresses coming up to our table. Luckily, it was smooth sailing after that and I was extremely surprised with Biscuits Café.

The restaurant itself is located on the SE corner of Sahara & Durango. Inside, they've got a really big, spacious dining room and they seem to be doing a great job of keeping it clean and organized. Instead of getting too into detail on what it looks like, I'll shamelessly plug my first opportunity to try out the Yelp video function. ;) *Although you might have to go to the business photos on the mobile app to find it*

As far as the food goes, they have a fairly large menu with choices for both breakfast and lunch. I ended up going with the Zesty Chorizo omelette and was really impressed. The chorizo was cooked perfectly, had great flavor and just the right amount of spicy heat. All the other ingredients were fresh and aside from tasting great, the portions are huge. They literally put what looked to be an entire avocado inside the omelette and it's served with a side of your choice, and biscuits. The salsa appeared to be fresh made and was easily one of the best I've had in a breakfast joint. My only complaint on my plate would be the potatoes. They were cooked well and also served as a huge portion, but they were lacking in salt. If I were to order this omelette again though, I'd ask for extra cheese. 

Now, with a name like Biscuits Café...they better have some good biscuits! Were they the best I've ever had? Probably not. But they are solid and in my opinion, far superior to what you'll find in most other restaurants in town. Buttery, flaky and served with both fresh butter and jam. You can tell they are fresh made every day and even though I'm not usually one to get biscuits for breakfast, I'd make sure to get one every time I'm here. Biscuits and gravy fans will love the version here.

Aside from the weird start, the customer service is great too. I could be wrong, but it looks like a family run joint and even if they aren't, you can tell they put a lot of love into their food. As others have mentioned, it's only a matter of time before this place starts getting busy and you're waiting for a table. It may have started off bad and a dead restaurant at peak times, is almost always a red flag...but Biscuits Café is serving up huge portions of killer food at great prices, and I'll happily be a repeat customer!笑
What a great place.
The food was awesome.. Try the sweet potato pancakes, they are like candy and melt in your mouth.

The wait staff is very fast, highly attentive, and VERY VERY FRIENDLY..

This restaurant is on my favorite list for breakfasts..  If they were closer to where I  live, id gain 20 pounds eating there daily.  Prices are good too.

Go, experience, enjoy. 

Marlene and Art run the  restaurant, and  they hand pick the nicest staff... 
To ensure a pleasant experience.

I am very candid with my reviews and have no problems giving a 1 star when warranted..  Biscuits Cafe has earned 5 Stars with ease.笑
Service was great. Waitress was very attentive. Food was not very good... so bad in fact I did basically nothing more than taste test: coffe=bitter, gravy on biscuits=tasted like flour paste and pepper, Biscuits=hockey pucks (mine were better when I was 12). Bacon=burnt AND raw..... waitress.. very sweet... very good.. manager insisted "I had bad taste", this was the " best food she had ever had"...( poor woman.) AND  she expected me to still pay full price for 2 sips of coffee and 2 bites of biscuits/gravy, zero of the bacon...sigh... great location... but for a fairly new place, only open part of the day, it could also have been cleaner... placed had greasy floor/corners and the lovely scent of dirty mop water. Would not try unless you and your grandma are bad cooks and cover taste with coarsely ground pepper.笑
First time here, had to try after reading Yelp reviews.  Saf(er) part of LV.  Went on Saturday at 830 am was way not busy, was surprised, but good time to go, not busy!!
Ordered biscuit and gravy breakfast including eggs and hash browns was great, will order again. 
Good service, coffee cup never empty, Yasmin was great!!

According to Jackie and Madeline it was very slow for a Sat morn. FYI.  5 star super friendly staff.笑
Slow service... Not very nice... Food is kind of gross... Berries taste like frozen mush with water... Pancakes weren't cooked all the way through they still had gooey batter in the middle... Coffee tastes like water... Waitress took 10 minutes before seeing us... 

Just not a good experience. I won't be coming back. This is worse than those grungy dive bars when it comes to quality of food.笑
What a great family place to spend a breakfast at!  The owners are just wonderful and bend over backward to make sure your visit is perfect.  The wait staff is attentive and friendly. And the food... just down home GREAT!  I like the Corned Beef hash... But everything is good.  My cycling friends love coming here after a ride.笑
With a name like Biscuits, I felt compelled to stop and try it out. I'm glad I did. 

This is a huge diner open for breakfast and lunch. I had the "one biscuit and gravy" combo with gravy on the side and hash browns. The hash browns were a little bland but everything else was delish. The biscuit was fluffy, eggs were good, and thick sliced bacon - that's automatic love. I'm not big on gravy so I didn't try it, but it looked well seasoned. 

I ordered hot tea as a beverage and loved the assortment that they served. It's a rarity to be offered a selection but it is greatly appreciated. 

The waitress was lovely and the food was served pretty quickly. The location is great and there is plenty of parking as it is in a shopping plaza. 

I would definitely come back again. Sometimes these lesser known restaurants are a nice departure from the chains. Very peaceful, quiet atmosphere.笑
Me and my girl just had breakfast it was great got here close to closing time service was great. Will be back笑
The biscuits and gravy Is very tasty! They offer a 2 egg breakfast with it and you can add potatoes or hash browns, I would recommend the potatoes. They made us cookies while we ate, they have chocolate chip and peanut butter with raspberry filling. Highly recommended!! If you like good tasty bacon just ask for the server to make sure it's cooked crispy and you won't be disappointed! we've been searching for a place for a while and Biscuits Cafe is the place to go!笑
They old saying holds true.  Minimum wage earnings will give you minimum wage results. From watching the staff cough, sneeze...and not washing their hands once. . And the best I've never personally seen before. .staff is carrying food. Put there finger in the plate of food and LICK THEIR FINGER CLEAN AS THEY ARE CARRYING THE PLATE TO THE CUSTOMER!!! That's when i stopped eating.  Food was bland...potatoes boring and not seasoned.  I give this place 2 months at this pace. ..waste of time笑
This place is awesome for breakfast, except for the coffee. I come here often and have tried a few different breakfast plates. All have been very delicious, glad that i found this place. The only thing I don't like here is their coffee, but then again, it is not a coffee shop so...笑
I ate here Saturday 9:30am. No problem getting seated x 2. Ambience was casual and relaxed, servers were efficient and friendly. Restaurant was clean with clean bathrooms, parking was easy. 
The food. My friend had 2 eggs over easy with bacon and hash brown. There isn't a lot that could go wrong with an order like that and it was well presented. I went for the Biscuits Brisket Benedict with red potatoes. Very bland Hollandaise sauce, potatoes were, potatoes and the brisket some thin sliced deli meat with lots of fat. 
Nothing to get excited about a rather average experience that will not warrant a second visit.笑
The quality overall was average, great gravy and hash browns. It gets very busy on weekends so be sure to get there early. The atmosphere is a bit boring.笑
Well, after meeting the owner I knew I was in the right place.   A good starter meal for me, Breakfast, is a very peculiar art form that is hard to get just right.  But with the French Toast, the Hash Browns, the Sausage Links and that perfect cup of coffee....let's just say I was mighty happy.  I definitely look forward to many visits here!笑
As the service was a bit slow, the food made up for the lack of attentiveness of the male server.  
One of the better places off the strip to have breakfast笑
Still as delicious as ever!  Of course it is very busy today as its New Years day, but the food and service is great!笑
Great breakfast and lunch place. They have big fluffy pancakes and yummy biscuits and gravy yum 

The place is a bit cold inside but the service is nice and attentive. They have daily specials that focus on American traditional meals. 

Try their biscuits and gravy or chicken fried chicken!笑
Get to know this place!  Biscuits Cafe is a breakfast and lunch place featuring home style cooking and which is headquartered in the Pacific Northwest.  However, they also have some locations in the Sunbelt, such as this one on Las Vegas's west side.

I was given a Biscuits gift certificate and, instead of using it locally, I used it at this location.  This Biscuits is in a dime a dozen strip mall off of Sahara where the tenants are now but a blur.  What I do remember is that there was plenty of parking.  I also remember that, while close to Summerlin, it was not at all like Summerlin, though that fancy high rise residential tower was fairly close by.  It was on one of the major brash thoroughfares with three lanes in each direction, with lots of retail, and with people driving briskly, as is often the case here.

While a Biscuits in some place like the Pacific Northwest may choose to be homey because the area sort of likes that vibe, this one in Las Vegas is spacious, comfortable, clean, and awash in natural light.

And, because I surmised that they might do breakfast well and to get more mileage from the funds on my gift certificate, my friend and I went for breakfast platters at approximately the lunch hour.  That was a good decision.

The breakfast platters were very good, featuring traditional staples and with "plenty of meat on their bones," figuratively speaking.  Breakfast food can be heavy and sort of bog you down.  Here, it was filling without doing that.  I don't know how the kitchen would "lighten up" the breakfast fare, but it hit the sweet spot.

The service was amicable and casual.  We got to sit were we wanted.  The air conditioning worked like a charm and, in addition to our beverages, our glasses of water were also kept filled.

The experience at this Biscuits was essentially seamless on all levels.  They know how to put together a good breakfast.  I'm betting that they also know how to put together a good lunch.  I wouldn't mind finding out.笑
The main reason I come to Biscuits is for the Wheat Montana Bread.  I grew up only a half hour from where this bread is grown and produced and being so far from home it's a little piece of comfort in a chaotic city like Vegas but the breakfast is FREAKING AWESOME笑
Food is great. Service slow. 
Complained to waitress and was told owner to cheap to hire more people 
I told her they will lose more customers
We waited 15 minutes to place order
Owner needs to fix this problem
We feel bad for employees笑
Thursday 2/12
11am

My boyfriend and I just had to walk out of this place because we were seated and just left alone for 15 minutes without a single person coming up to us to take even a drink order. It seemed like the feeling was mutual within the whole restaurant. People were looking around to see where the servers were and if they were ever going to get their food/drink. Ridiculous.笑
Sinceriously welcoming and food to par.

my husband and i started the morning with some bad news, so we needed something comforting. we saw Biscuits Cafe near our home, and upon entering, the staff was very welcoming. 

we both had the biscuits cornedbeef hash "made from scratch." And yes, definately wholesome and made from scatch. We had the mini biscuits with our plate, and it was as a bicuit should taste like--utterly comforting. but what blew us away was the fresh house jam served with the biscuit. That closed the deal. the restaurant is HUGE, so waiting on a saturday morning at 8:30 was minimal. our food came out swiftly. the server asked if we needed anything, and as i looked at our table, it was complete with all the inclusions such as ketchup in its glass bottle, a variety of tabasco sauce, including smoked tabasco. perfect.

it's peaceful and we enjoyed even the outstanding chemistry of the entire staff.笑
Service was excellent! I had the brisket sandwich, which was delicious. Jam is homemade and is out of this world. I had to buy some to take home. Will be coming back soon.笑
Love love love Biscuits!  Always good when we go and that's usually 1-2 times a week.  Chicken fried steak is delicious and so is the almond crusted French toast! Service is great,  people are friendly and never a long wait!  Would recommend biscuits to anyone and everyone.笑
Amazing food and family feel when you are in. Great staff and management! Really reminds me of home cooked meals growing up. Keep up the great work.