The staff seems to enjoy talking to each other rather then help customers.  The place seems more like a Chucky Cheese than a really Rockys.  I go out of my and go to the Monona Drive location.  They seem to be the friendliest and best quality.Ǿ
I am never coming back here. I went on my lunch break and ordered a #1 meal with a piece of cheese pizza and breadsticks. This meal was completey inedible. The pizza was so badly burned that I couldn't stomach it, and the breadsticks were so crunchy. I can't believe they let this meal be served to the public. I'm SICK from this. DO NOT come here.Ǿ
Even though I messed up big time with my online order and didn't have the right phone number in order for the delivery guy to call me when he couldn't find the apartment, he was super professional and nice about the situation. The food is always good. But I wanted to take the time to review about how pleasant our delivery driver was. I apologize for the confusion! If you ever see this, Thank you.Ǿ
If I could do zero stars, I would!

Bad all around experience.  We went on a Sunday evening and there were only a few people eating, yet we waited for 10 minutes just to place our order. The supervisor came from around the back party rooms and saw us and a few others in line, but went to the back to answer the phone instead. There was a girl working, standing at the ticket redemption area where some kids were trying to decide what to get, but she did not come over to help us.  Finally another woman in line went over to her and told her we were waiting to order and she finally slowly made her way over.

The pizza we received had looked like it was sitting out for at least 45 minutes, the cheese was hard and it was only warm. We had also ordered the pastas, which came out after another 10 minutes and the guy dropped them off at our tables, but didn't leave any silverware...who eats pasta without silverware?

The 100+ different choice coke machines had several flavors empty. They have two machines, and one of them was out of coke....really? The other was out of cherry and several other flavors....

The dining area was very dirty, the carpet looked like it hadn't seen a vacuum in ages.The tile floors were dirty, again probably hadn't seen a mop in a while. All the dirt makes me wonder what the kitchen looked like??

Our kids played some games and earned some tickets so we again waited to redeem them for about 10 minutes until we were just tired with the whole experience and just left.  

Again this was NOT a busy night and the staff seemed directionless and really couldn't care if they were there or not.  No interest in customer service at all. If I was a manager, I would be embarrassed by this experience.  

No plans to return....Ǿ
It's rockys, but the rockys I like.  I really like their darker, quieter restaurants.  This place is ridiculous.  Video games and kids all over.  I bought one pizza there, a BBQ chicken pizza.  The chicken was LIGHTLY BBQ flavored, but then they put marinara sauce on it!?!  What the hell was that?  Never going back to that place and never ordering BBQ  Chicken againǾ
Just drive to charge me $20 for a small pizza wow that sounded crazy noisy Place salad bar was a mess people running around ZooǾ
We went to Rocky's on Theier Rd for my daughter's birthday last week and were thoroughly disappointed. 

As we ordered pizza and waited, we noticed that none of the tables were being cleared off. After an hour or so, of the 20 or so tables in our section, literally 18 of them were covered in dishes and pizza trays. At one point, I dropped something on the floor, only to notice the deplorable condition of the carpet. The floor looked like it had not been cleaned since the restaurant opened 10+ years ago. It was filthy. Covered in crumbs and debris as well. As we left, we saw an employee come out to "sweep" the floor using a broom that had no bristles on it. It was hard to watch. 

I contacted Rocky's regarding our poor experience and have yet to get a response. The biggest disappointment is that I have been a fan of Rocky's for many years however I am certain that with this poor of an experience, I will not be returning.Ǿ
We went here after our last basketball tournament. 10 boys plus siblings and parents. At least 30 people.

I was highly impressed with the staff's friendly attitude and willing to help.

Leah (not sure if that's how you spell it) was wonderful. She made sure our team had enough plates, utensils and everything else! I am amazed by the willingness to help by her and her staff.

Especially when we didn't call ahead and showed up with a very large party in a busy Saturday afternoon! 

Thanks so much Leah & Team!!!Ǿ
If I didn't have kids I would never go to this location. I like Rocky's pizza, and I really like the breadsticks, but this place is nuts. It has the arcade games and weird smorgasbord pop machine and LOTS OF NOISE. 

The last time we were there the salad bar was completely picked-over and one pop machine wasn't dispensing ice. But the woman at the register (a manager) knew her stuff so had us get the kid's meals instead of going ala carte. 

My kids *love* going here for the games (and cheap prizes), and one of my sons attended a birthday party last spring (in the theatre room) and had a fantastic time. Rocky's does have beer, which gets a giant thumbs up from me. 

I'd give the place 2 stars for the last visit, but every other time we've gone it has been a solid 3 stars, so I'm going with the average.Ǿ
I love rocky's pizza.  This place is fun for kids as it has an arcade.  It also has 100 soda flavors.  Now, for the not so good, floors were very dirty with wrappers etc.  There were numerous empty tables needing to be cleared.  Seemed understaffed for a weekend.Ǿ
Pretty disappointed. Hours on door said they were open till 11. Got there at 9 excited to have a salad bar meal since I'm weight watchers. I took a look at the salad bar and told my party a couple of times what was what I was getting so not to worry about what I wanted on pizza. I know the cashier was within ear shot of this. They decided it was the perfect time to shut down the salad bar right as I ordered. 2 hours before they were supposed to close. Then we found out they closed at 10, not 9 and the coin machine only took 10's and 20's and you only get TOKENS so we wouldn't have enough time to play games either.Ǿ
If Chuck-e-Cheese is the Kids' alternative to Vegas, then this place is the poor kids' alternative to Vegas on the East side. But the pizza is awesome, and the token-to-ticket pay out ratio on the games is great. Also, the mascot of an Italian pizza baron beats an animated mouse who prepares your food any day. Just remember to share the games with the poor East-side kids who couldn't get a ride over to Chuck's.Ǿ
The cheese pizza was excellent but the breadsticks I ordered turned out to be a single slice of pizza and of the three cookies I ordered (1 m&m, 2 chocolate chip) I only got 2, both m&m.

Delivered by EatStreet.