Giving them one star to just write my review. 0/5. Place smells and zero manners in management staff. We don't need robots to work here, just asking for customer service and listening skills.Ǿ
Went there a few times and everything was great. But recently, saw a fight between staff and customers, severely wrong order. What I got and what I ordered were not even imaginable as being accidental. There's a new Zaxbys in that area, go there instead.Ǿ
I just arrived at this KFC to order some wings and the line was so long we waited 15 minutes to hear that they are out of wings. 

I said that's fine and requested something else, just to hear the girl tell me that they are out of all chicken. I decided to go for Taco Bell just to hear that they are also out of ground beef. 

I asked the girl why she didn't mention it before she asked me for my order and she said because they are getting ready to close. By the way, this was an hour before closing time. 

The drive through is so narrow that you have to wait for all the cars to go in order to get out. All the cars in the drive through left empty handed. 

When we drove around we noticed all the night shift employees sitting in the dining area chit chatting to one another. Might as well close the place down if they dont have the proper ingredients to prepare their food. If they don't have any chicken then what can I really order, their mash?

Avoid if possible!Ǿ
Ok, this was so comical that I just left the drive thru window speechless. Pulled up, asked for a chalupa, they didn't have sour cream. Asked for mtn dew, they were out. How about Baja blast? Out. Ok, Pepsi? Out.  Ok cherry Pepsi. Pulled up to the window and the person asks me if I'm the one that got the fire thing. What? And then finally, just to top off the whole experience, they were miraculously out of straws. In the middle of the day, they were somehow completely out of straws and beverages. I wasn't even that mad, but actually impressed by the level of incompetence displayed here.Ǿ
Stop to grab a griller. Well after waiting 15 minutes for a $1 griller I need to be check into a psychiatric ward.  This place smells, the employees are rude.  The griller was OK. My friends food however, burnt potatoes, and fucky tasting nacho cheese.  Let's just say will NOT be back.Ǿ
Horrible!! If you have to drive 50 miles to the next Taco Bell, it's worth it. My tacos were slimy and had sloppy ingredients,  5 shreds of lettuce, paid for nacho cheese sauce wasn't even 1/4 of the way full . Mexican pizza was a mess and didn't taste good.  I have never been so mad when I got my food home.Ǿ
My boyfriend and I stopped to grab a late dinner. We wanted to go through the drive thru but the line was so long and slow we decided that going in and getting it to go would be faster. After dealing with the rude cashier girl and paying, a cook decided to tell us it would be 45 mins to an hour for our food. AFTER we paid. I continued to tell the cashier that if I would have been told that before i paid I would have left. They both got an attitude and proceeded to tell me that they would make our food first. After 10 minutes, we got the food and ate some, I found a HAIR in my burrito. I am NEVER going back to this Taco Bell location again.Ǿ
I go to this Taco Bell/KFC because it's close to home...and that's the ONLY reason!

The staff can be rude at times and doesn't give much thought to customer service. The employees are unaware of what actually comes in combos and will give misinformation. When eating here I always go inside to order so that I can ask  what food is fresh, that'll determine what I order.

I gave them two starts because the restaurant is clean and they've got a high sanitation rating.Ǿ
This place has gone down hill. Yes I know it is Taco Bell and it is fast food but can I get a bag of chips that is not two years past expiration. It is July of 2017 and my chips expired in Aug of 2015. Seriously... I call the store to let them know in a non confrontational way and the managers simply told me ok I will let them know. Didn't offer anything too me for customer service sake. When I first moved to Charlotte 4 years ago this was one of the best TBs in town. It is certainly the worst now. Do better guys, come on!Ǿ
taco bell is taco bell. i eat these every week. even if i found hair or gold. Fast food employee are usually work long hours with many demanding customer.  any one who label cashier is rude is obviously never work a day in their life.  fast food never know when they will be busy. if anyone can accurately prediction will be very famous. otherwise any one like Gabrielle W. and Irida N.
  go taco bell and complain is just unimaginable.  Maybe the day when google can invent robot to serve these complaining idiot then perhap we can live in happier world. meanwhile Irida N. and Gabrielle W are just plain snobbish elitist whining princess.Ǿ
Each time I have went to the drive through they tell me the system is down and they cannot take orders. This is over a two month span of three visits. I'm not sure how this location even stays in business.Ǿ
This Taco Bell/KFC is for some reason always incredibly slow. It's like everybody is constantly always working their first day and doesn't know how to do anything. If you're looking for "fast" fast food then do not waste your time here.Ǿ
I ordered a $28 KFC bucket from this KFC/Taco Bell. I was ignored for 15 minutes while I stood at the counter. After 15 minutes I was told that they do not have the Extra Crispy chicken that I ordered. I asked for my money back and the cashier was very hesitant and insisted that I could have original or grilled instead. When the manager came over she was very prompt and polite in giving my money back. The cashier name on the receipt was 'Newbie'. I will never visit this store again.Ǿ
This Taco Bell/KFC is the worst! They never seem to get the order right and they always let you drive away from the drive thru without even asking if you want any sauce. It's maddening.