We come here every so often, I'm a bit disappoint with the noodles and rice this time, some the udon of bibim noodles are now fully soaked...still dry and chewy. And the rice of salmon teriyaki is hard...like left over..I think the basic of a good Japanese restaurant is to cook perfect rice. But obviously you guys didn't do it well on plain rice.
I love the lobster tartar and the shrimp mayo.Ǿ
Great food! Great Staff and fantastic services. A huge selection of Sake and imported beer. Will definitely recommend to anyone who is looking for real Japanese style pubǾ
Been going here religiously. Love the vibe and atmosphere here. Sushi and sashimi are all very fresh. Lovely presentation overall. But what stood out the most was the customer service. It doesn't get better than here. Love! Love! Love! Be prepared to receive some on the house dishes which are very nice. Usually they're small tempura vegetables or diced salmon. The waitresses are very friendly, they even walk you out when you leave the restaurant! I would definitely recommend this place.Ǿ
Finally made a visit to Sake Bar Kushi after work as it's just a few blocks west from Yonge/Eglinton.

It's very roomy inside with booths along the sides of the restaurant, main bar and another bar(?) seating area in the middle, where we were seated.  The servers were very friendly and helpful in choosing what to eat & drink.  They were attentive with filling our drinks and bringing out our food in a timely manner.

Loved the tonkotsu ramen the best but all ten dishes we shared were delicious.  We left full & happy.  This restaurant is pretty understated as it's not on a main road but I highly recommend this place!Ǿ
Only giving 3 stars because the the staffs are very very friendly and attentive. We tried almost every skewers on the menu and half of the Tapas, all of them didn't taste like fresh meat, not juicy or tender at all! Also the shrimps were tasteless and rubber like. Do not order the Hot stone dessert, it's basically 3 scoops of vanilla ice-cream (that probably have been frozen for quite a while, lots of that frost bite taste) with 4 mini bite-sized microwaved brownie that's definitely  not hot at all, placed on a plain white plate with some whip cream, cheap red dyed cherries, pocky, and chocolate syrup...veAlso, the fried oyster was not fresh at all, my friend refuse to take a second bite. Anyways, I heard it used to be a great place, guess I just came too late. The atmosphere was nice though, dark cozy booths, and music weren't too loud.Ǿ
My favourite izakaya for these reasons:
  
-exceptional service here; everyone was extremely friendly and helpful
-the food was great; prepared quickly, priced reasonably, variety of dishes to choose from
-intimate atmosphere; great for catching up with friends or for date night
-large selection of sake!!! Anywhere from $11 to $100+

For food, we ordered: calamari, chicken karaage, saba, squid, salmon sashimi, ebi mayo, and mochi ice cream.  We enjoyed all of them, especially the squid.

For sake, we had hot urakasumi and hot typhoon (it was snowing outside; we needed to warm up!). Urakasumi was very smooth tasting and slightly sweet. Typhoon has a very similar taste to Korean soju (this could be a good or bad thing, depending if you like soju).

Looking forward to trying more different types of sake!Ǿ
Service is amazing. The waitresses and waiters are extremely nice, well-mannered and makes you feel welcomed. I got a Philadelphia roll and creamy croquette. They were both delicious! There was one time I forgot to tell them to remove sesame seeds from my creamy croquette... When I told the waiter, he never hesitated to change it for me. Amazing service :)Ǿ
Went to celebrate friend's b day. We really liked intimate setting. Not like another loud izakaya. Service was attentive but dishes were either hit or miss. Nothing was really standing out. I would give another try if i am in the neighborhoodǾ
Seems like they try hard but the food was really sub par. Not sure if  they were actually cooking fresh meat on the grill, certainly didn't taste like it. Even the negi tasted off (mushy in the middle).Ǿ
Came here with my family. The service here is wonderful! We even got two dishes on the house!!! They are having the 1,3,5,7 special menu right now, so prices are pretty good for an Izakaya. However, the food is not that good.. Some dishes were too bland and some too salty for my taste. My favourite dishes were the tonkotsu ramen and grilled cod in teriyaki sauce. I wanted to try the greentea lava cake but they did not have it:( Overall this place has wonderful service but not great food.Ǿ
Large food menu with reasonable prices and quick service from gracious staff.

Tonkatsu ramen ($9) has a nice selection of vegetables, including bamboo shoots and a bean sprouts (instead of chop suey) in a very tasty broth.

Spicy salmon maki ($6) filling was tasty, but I was a bit put off by the warm rice (same for chirashi.) Tuna in maguro duke don ($12) was fresh and tender and the warm rice worked well with the raw egg.

Deep fried items are done well (not too greasy); chicken karaage has a nice hint of ginger and gyoza filling is typical. Beef tongue is nicely presented on a sizzle platter, but a bit tough and chewy. Beef teriyaki was tasty, but had more fat than I care for.

$29 set course includes a very average miso soup, choice of salad and dessert, pick 2 skewers/kushi and lots of hot and cold options for an appetizer and a main.

Booth, communal and bar seating available. Recognizing that it is a bar, expect loud music and dim lighting (which makes it hard to appreciate the often lovely food presentation.) 4 enthusiastic stars based on 3 visits.Ǿ
Food is highly not recommended. It seems like it was made by a child in a kitchen. It may look nice on plate. As far as I am concerned, the taste and quality of food is low quality. I've tried all skewers. It was excessively salty. Other food was less than mediocre for its price. 

Service is typical for its restaurant type.

Would not recommend.Ǿ
THE GOOD:
- the staff is actually Japanese (unlike most 'Japanese' places in TO)
- excellent service 
- interior is amazing (wood theme)
- bathrooms are incredibly clean
- tons of food options


THE BAD:
- Portions are too small. At $2 per skewer with little meat, this price is TOO HIGH. You will never find this type of price in Japan!!


RECOMMEND FOR:
- Group of 2-6
- Authentic Japanese izakaya experienceǾ
Service & ambience: great
Food: not so much

The Toronto izakaya space is very competitive with some great tasting food.  However, this is not one of them.  The seafood smelled & tasted fishy (mackeral, oysters, tuna), and even the chicken was subpar.  It's grilled chicken on a skewer, it shouldn't be hard to make that taste good.

Also, when I called for a reservation, they had lots of tables available, but wouldn't take me till 8:30.  I hate the faking of high demand.

I wouldn't go back.  I got sick after this meal.Ǿ
Pros:
Atmosphere and decor are nice. 
Service is excellent. 
Washrooms are clean and have clear ceiling heights. 
Most of the food I tried is good.
$2.95 pints of Sapporo after 9PM.

Cons:
A little far from Yonge St.
Yakitori is a little disappointing - could be a lot better.
A few of the food items could be better.

Overall
I like the place and have been there two times and plan to go back. My best advice is to try a variety of things, find out what you like and then stick to your favourites.Ǿ
I was here for the cheap Sapporo night. $3 for a pint? Yes please! My friend and I ordered a couple of skewers for snacks...like the unagi, chicken heart, pork belly...and the honey ricecake!! It was subtle, but sweet, and crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside. So good. I wasn't really a fan of the green tea salt that came with the skewers, but the overall skewers were great. 

We also got some freebies (probably because we were drinking a lot)...like the deep fried bean strings and some tofus. They had some grated ginger on them. Seemed almost like a healthy alternative to takoyakis! 

I'd definitely come back again for the cheap beer and skewers. Nice atmosphere too!Ǿ
My favorite Izakaya in Mid and Uptown Toronto... Two thumbs up! 
Wish this place remain as hidden gem since I don't want it to be too crowded lolǾ
The decor and atmosphere of the restaurant seems to emulate what a kushi bar would be like in Japan.  They have booths and also single seats at the bar table.  The waitress that served us was incredibly adorable trying to muster up all her English skills to serve us.  I would wager that many of the servers are Japanese native speakers that are exchange students perhaps?  Regardless, the service was still excellent.

On regular nights, the kushi's are $2 a skewer but we (accidentally) showed up on their cheap night (Tuesday) for 50c skewers and you just have to show that you liked their FB page.

From the a la carte menu, we had the:
Takoyaki
Kushi moriwase (assorted skewers)
Chicken skin, heart, stomach, & scallop kushi
Uni shooter with gold leaves
Tonkatsu ramen
Cheese okonomiyaki
Salmon teriyaki

My favourites were the more exotic items on the kushi menu listed above and the uni shooter. The tonkatsu ramen is a generous portion that will fill you up as a last item to your meal and help dilute some of that sake or sapporo that was enjoyed earlier in the meal.  Would say pass on the salmon teriyaki if you have to pay for it but it was on the house for us.

Would come back again (on a Tuesday).Ǿ
I went to Kushi this week with my friends Jon and Jocelyn.

The three of us were impressed - the food was good and served promptly, the prices were reasonable and we liked the atmosphere.

In particular, we enjoyed the very enthusiastic "hello" in Japanese that the serving staff screamed everytime that a new customer walked in. At first, it took a little getting used to, but now I would not rather eat Japanese food any other way.Ǿ
lots of great finger food, kushi is a great after dinner drink place to go to even if you are full!  
cheap sapporo carried many good conversations through in their private sitting corner.  skewer platter was an easy choice if you don't want to think about what to eat!  they were all delicious ;9  my favorite was the deep fried pork knee, it is a soft cartilage breaded with fresh, golden color.  two different types of crunchiness, all in one bite!  Mmm mm mmm.Ǿ
Although it is indicated that reservation is required, we decided to check if there was any available table. Surprisingly, there were a few tables available. The waitress at the door was really nice. She asked if we have a reservation and I told her that we don't have. I asked her if we I can order a coupon and redeem it now, she said of course. As I finished to order the coupon, she approached me and told me that we can't use the coupon because we didn't have a reservation. We asked to talk with the supervisor about this issue (I asked before I ordered the coupon!!!!). The supervisor came with a FAKE big smile saying that she is so so sorry. We told her that we asked the waitress before we ordered the coupon but she didn't care! What a bad costumer service. She said that there is nothing that she can do for us. We were shocked and we decided to leave. I have never experienced such a rude service. She didn't even try to stop us, she just said (again, with a FAKE big smile) 'have a good night'!!
I would never come back to this place. First learn we to treat your costumer, even if you food is so good, service comes first. You will loose a lot of costumers with this attitude.Ǿ
I have been coming here for just about a year now and over the course of at least a dozen dinners here I have never been disappointed.

Upon entering the establishment you are greeted warmly in Japanese by the entire staff.  The setting is comfortable and dimly lit and gives you a sense of privacy even when you are sitting at one of the many seats in the middle.  Also a little tip, you can put your purse/bag in the space under your seat as the seat is a hollowed out rectangle.

The food has been consistently great and the chef really takes pride in how every dish is presented.  The fish is generously cut and the sushi rice is just perfect.  The kushi (skewers) come with your choice of 3 flavours: sea salt, spicy sauce, teriyaki sauce.  Keep in mind that Japanese spicy sauce is more on the sweet side so don't expect much of a sting if spicy is your thing.  The skewers are all made to order and taste great.  The sake selection is fantastic and they now also offer a special on Sapporo pints for $2.95 everyday after 9pm.  It really is a great little place for casual drinks and tasty snacks.  The service is spectacular and you never feel overlooked as the staff are all very attentive and polite--they crouch at your table whenever they need to take orders or answer questions.  On many occasions I have been on the receiving end of complimentary dishes, even on very busy nights!

At the end of the meal they walk you out the door and thank you for coming no matter the weather.  They really take hospitality to the next level!Ǿ
I have been meaning to try Sake Bar Kushi (also known as Kushi Izakaya) since they first opened but never made it due to it's not so ideal location. Last weekend, I was so lucky to be invited to try their new and improved menu and I was more than thrilled to oblige.

 As we walk in, we immediately felt in love with all the wooden booths and the long communal table in the middle with the sake bottles as dividers. The booths really gave dinner some privacy and the whole place was pretty quite unlike most izakaya.

Always love izakaya menu, love the square format. Here's the sake list and there's quite a bit of variety with different price point. Quite a few of my faves available.

Spinach Gomaae
~ blanched spinach w/ sesame sauce
~ Love how this had just the perfect amount of sauce/dressing and it was light a not overly salty. 
~ I must have tried so many places where it's drenched in overly salty sauce.This was perfect.

 Ebi Mayo
~ Deep Fried prawn served with mustard mayo sauce
~ Tasty but wish it was the whole shrimp with the shell still on. It's way more tastier.

Draft Sake Shiboritate 180ml
~ Personally not my fave sake, will def choose something else

 Pork Belly & Chicken Leg Skewers 
~ one each w/ sea salt & terriyaki sauce
~ Have to say that we were both disappointed with these skewers, it was rather dry and bland. 
~ The one with the terriyaki sauce was a bit better since it gave them a bit of moisture and flavors.

Kodako Karaage
~ Deep Fried Baby Octopus served w/ chilli mayo
~ Love this, wish more restaurant would served these. 
~ Nothing better than deep fried dishes while drinking (^_^) 
~ Perfectly crispy thin batter with perfectly tender baby octopus.

 Grilled Squid 
~ charcoal grilled squid with terriyaki sauce
~ You can definitely taste the difference when it's charcoal grilled and this was also perfectly cooked. So intense, full of that yummy charcoal smokey flavor.

Cheese Okonomiyaki
~ Deliciously addictive, topped with huge amount of bonito flakes (Katsuobushi) and the perfectly crispy slightly burnt bottom.

Bulgogi Ishiyaki Bibimbab
~ steamed rice with marinated beef and vegetable in sizzling stone bowl
~ Ben made the mistake of pouring all the sauce in at once and it was way too much. 
~ Unlike the Korean version, their sauce is less salty and a bit on the sour side.

Oreo Ice Cream Sandwich
~ Instead of the usual cookie, they use thin steam boa which was very appropriate and gave it an Asian Japanese flare.
~ But although I like the idea, I find that the bao lack the crunch that's much needed in an ice cream sandwich.

 A big room at the back which is perfect for bigger group


Verdict:
~ Loved it, although we didn't like the skewers everything else was pretty perfect.
~ Will def come back to try the rest of the dishes and have some of my fave sake.
~ The service was more than perfect, all the staff was incredibly attentive, friendly & always had a big smile on their faces.Ǿ
Friendly stuff, nice interior. However, most it food they offered as course A was disappointing. 

We were 14 of us. And so, we reserved a big table at the back of the restaurant. They said because it is Izakaya style reservation, we can only choose one of two course menus: A or B. That's fine if they provide fine food for the price. However, almost 70% of there course food was some kinds of deep fried dishes: chicken, shrimp, squid, you name it. Even dumpling (Gyoza) was fried. Yes, each deep fried dishes might be tasty, but who what to have more than 3 of them in a course? 

I expect them to change the menu. Otherwise, I won't come back for it.Ǿ
Many people may recognize the word "yakitori", but did you know that "kushi" also means skewered meat. Both terms essentially mean the same thing, and can be used interchangeably. Prior to my dinner at Sake Bar Kushi; I didn't know myself. 

Not only do they serve kushi (skewered poultry & non-poultry), but they also offer a great variety of tapas styled dishes that are meant to be shared. Additionally, the social culture of izakayas often encourages drinking in a casual and group atmosphere so what does Sake Bar Kushi offer in terms of alcohol? They offer an extensive list of both hot and cold sake priced between $9 (cheapest) to $380 (most expensive). If you're not in the mood for sake, then there's also beer, cocktails, wine, umeshu (plum wine), shochu and soft drinks. 

The sashimi salad ($9) - fresh sashimi in mixed salad with wasabi mayo, was a great starter. The bright looking salad contained a fair amount of salmon and tuna sashimi mixed in a bed of green lettuce, onions, and cucumbers. The wasabi mayo and lemon provided a tangy yet refreshing flavor.  

One of my personal favorites of the night was the karaage teriyaki ($9.5) - deep fried chicken karaage & pan fried vegetable with teriyaki sauce. This particular dish is currently being offered as a June special, and it was delicious. The karaage meat was exceptionally tender and I enjoyed the teriyaki sauce that was glazed all over the karaage. The portion was also generous, and this was an interesting take on the popular chicken karaage. 

Their namesake derive from the fact that they serve kushi (skewered meat). Looking at the menu; they offer three different sets: kushi moriawase (10 pcs), seafood moriawase (8 pcs) and spicy moriawase (8 pcs). They also have individual skewers priced between $1.90 to $4.20 each. Some of the ones available are negima, bacon with asparagus, unagi, tsukune chicken meatball, buta bara, chicken heart, momo, honey rice cakes, sausage, etc ... 

Lastly, we were served dessert, and got the matcha ice cake ($8.40) - green tea lava cake with green tea ice cream. The ice-cream arrived intact, but the boyfriend was in the washroom, before coming back to the table to snap a photo (so it melted slightly). The overall presentation of the dessert was nice and decorated with chocolate sauce. I love green tea flavored desserts, so I was anxious to try it out. The ice-cream was store-bought so it didn't taste any different from other izakayas or Japanese restaurants. However, the green lava cake was soft and so moist on the inside ... scrumptious!!

Tuesday is Kushi Day (50% off kushi) and Wednesday is Sashimi Day (50% off sashimi). They also have a party room available in the back which can accommodate 50 people. It's perfect if you want to hold a large party for your birthday or just any kind of celebrations.Ǿ
The food was amazing and the service was even better. The chicken skin kushi was my fave. My now go-to izakaya place!!! Definitely coming back.Ǿ
I really liked this place 

Something about the small place and positive vibes when you come in to a traditional Japanese place and everyone screams to great you !

RealJapanese PPl working, serving and cooking it's becoming a rare thing now a days . Came here for the first time a few weeks ago so a late supper.

And we were happy to drink a cheap Sapporo, fresh  food in small portions and for the most part all the food was traditional and tasty !!

Good times above average restaurantǾ
I love Kushi! From the friendly staff to the delicious & reasonably priced food, our group keeps coming back time after time. 

If you have a big group, try to book in advance as they have tatami tables in the back that are really nice! 

They have $3 Sapporo pint specials everyday after 9pm. If you are drinking, they also have Ozeki (chilled sake) for $40/bottle 750ml! 
PRO TIP: they always give sample dishes as service from the chef! It's always delicious and you can order more off the menu. In the past we've gotten salmon tempura, grilled spicy salmon, tempura veggies, cucumber side dish, and most recently we got a spicy mussel soup! Its always pretty random but they are very generous with their "on the house" items. 

We usually get uni dons but they were out last time so we opted for spicy salmon and chirashi don. They also have a seasonal menu which we ordered mentaiko udon. Everything we got was delicious!Ǿ
This place is a cozy Izakaya with beautifully presented and tasty tapas (portions are little and definitely more appetizer than meal). 

The 1,3,5,7 special menu is where we ordered everything from, and it was all AMAZING! The presentation of the dishes was beautiful and their personal touches to classic japanese dishes tasted great! The place has a sultry feel with the dimmed lights and dark setting. The staff are all super friendly and the restaurant has an authentic feel when they all yell welcome as you enter. 

The price tag is what is expected in Toronto, but still a little steep! 

I will definitely be back for more! PRO TIP: Beer gets cheaper when you go late!Ǿ
Very welcome addition to the relatively mundane Eglinton west strip.   Variety is much needed in this area, and while I did not order the yakitori chicken knees, for some reason, I feel better knowing that I could have.  

Extremely friendly staff, loud music...so great for two youngsters in tow.  Food was definitely above average for Toronto Izakayas.   Great selection of sake.   Portions are not huge, but I like being able to get lots of different things and not run the bill north of $100.  

I wish them luck.  I shall endeavor to do my part by becoming a regular.Ǿ
I have only ordered Sake Bar Kushi through Uber Eats but have been seriously impressed each time. The rolls are amazing and the sashimi incredibly tender and fresh. I don't know if it's because I'm a new customer but I have received treats on the house that have been so very delicious and appreciated. I never write reviews but this place is worth the time and effort!Ǿ
This place is a gem  everything we had here was delicious. Fresh fish. My favourite besides the sake of course, was the tuna and dragon roll. + the service & atmosphere.Ǿ
If I could give this place 0 stars, I would!  

On April 5th, my wife and I along with our 7month old baby is looking for some dinner.  It was around 7:55pm that we left the house.  We were contemplating where we want to eat, and decided to call Kushi for reservations since I remember purchasing that Groupon.  I called them and they said they are full at the moment, however if we go after 9pm, we'll be fine.  I told them that it may be a bit too late for us so we did not make the reservation (we travelled from Richmond Hill to Downtown).  But we were assured that there's going to be openings after 9.  

We tried going to another restaurant we had in mind but was full.  So by that time we decided to head for Kushi since by the time we get there, it'll almost be 9pm When we got to the restaurant around 8:55pm, I parked the car right outside of Kushi (a non-parking spot) and I asked the waitresses whether I would be able to use the Groupon since I did not make a reservation, but had received reassurance over the phone earlier.  Clearly, in the restaurant there were open tables.  The waitresses said yes after some clearance with the manager and I brought my wife and our son along with his car seat to be seated.  At that point I went outside so that I can go find some parking.  The area was extremely tough to find paid parking and I spent more than 15min doing so.  

When I returned to the restaurant, my wife told me that the manager had come by to say that we cannot use the Groupon tonight.  We called for the waitresses to clarify and they provided the same message.  Their message was that we cannot use it because it's a clause within the Groupon.  We expressed to them however, that we checked with them 2+ times about using the Groupon and they could of told me before I dropped off my family or paid for parking.  We then summoned the manager who was rude and told us that we cannot use our Groupon due to the reservation issue.  I then ask the manager what will happen if I walked outside, called them and made a reservation right away, whether we can use it since clearly there were tables open.  At that point they stated that they had a large party in the party room, and in order to maintain their quality they had to refuse Groupon  users.  I told him that how come then they are refusing all customers?  Will they stick a sign outside their restaurant to say that they are closed for a private party?  The manager vehemently stated the reservation issue again.  At that point he said to me that either I can dine in without using the Groupon or we'll have to wait 1+ hours for the food.  By that point I was extremely frustrated since none of the excuses made sense and all I could say is that the restaurant sees Groupon users as inferior to regular paying patrons.  My wife was extremely upset at that point, so I went back to grab my car and we left as a family, hungry at 9:25pm.  

Don't ever go to this place, I've never had this type of service at a Japanese operated establishment before.  My wife and I refuses to ever step into this restaurant ever again and so should you!Ǿ
Amazing service all around! Was offered hot towels when we sat down. Then, after ordering, they gave us a tempura green beans dish on the house. The server was super nice and attentive. And the food was amazing! Everything was so good! Especially the skewers and the black truffle stir fried udon! I'm getting hungry just thinking about them. The drinks were nice as well. Not as special as the food though. Would definitely come again for the great service and food!Ǿ
Hands down one of the best, if not The Best Izakaya in town! A real gem of the area.

It's a smaller place compare to Guu's so much better service, more quiet therefore it's more "intimate" since the tables are "closed" off. Don't go in a big group because their biggest tables fit 6 adults, that's unless you book the vip room at the back which can fit up to 50 people.
There were 2 tables, including ours, whom weren't Japanese customers. So you know it's good!

The place looks great (bamboo wood look), very nice atmosphere; playing house music all night (Best of Kaskade, Beach House, etc) and good to very good food/price ($10-$15/dish). "Jon" the owner, Eva the manager and Chief Tristan are very nice (he came out from the busy kitchen to talk and take pictures with us), the waitresses were very friendly, professional by knowing the menu and recommending us good dishes, and attentive to our quite lively group of 5. Hard to find better staff.

Everyday after 9pm you'll get 2 dishes on the house. You will never get that at Guu's!

I have been there a few times and will definitely come back with hordes of friends and will book the 50 people vip room so therefore highly, Highly Recommended!Ǿ
Great place for an authentic Japanese Izakaya atmosphere - the waitstaff shout out Japanese greeting and thank you phrases, and the dim restaurant is buzzing with music and chatter. Food was a bit on the pricey side for the small portions, but taste and presentation were good (though not at Guu level). 

They often give a dish or two on the house - we got bean tempura. The service is excellent, they take your jackets for you and come by to check up regularly. A satisfying dinner for two came out to just under $50.Ǿ
First time here for my birthday dinner! My husband and i love it soooooooo much! Great service, tasty food, decent price and great atmosphere! Wht more can I ask! A restaurant as this one in town a charm! Definitely will come back! Greatly recommend!Ǿ
I just came back from dinner here and it's a four star in my books!

Parking - There is no parking lot, but there's street parking and Green P spots along Eglinton.

Decor - This place looks like an izakaya in Japan (maybe even a cleaner one). All the memorabilia is a great touch as well. Washrooms here are super clean.

Food - The most important part to my dining experiences! I really enjoyed the food here. The menu has a lot of choices, including some unique dishes. The saikoro steak was delicious. Skewers were a hit as well, including the Negima and Hotate.

Pricing - Quite reasonable for what you get.

Good for: drinks, groups, dinner, Japanese tapasǾ
Great food and amazing service. Came on a weekday with friends and they took care of us.Ǿ
I came here for my birthday, based on the reviews here. I was not disappointed! The food was fresh. They had a large selection of sake. The service was great. The wait staff was very attentive, almost too much, that sometimes they interrupted, but very polite. 

My friend and I had the edamame appetizer, herring roe sushi platter, a cheese bibimbap, and the lobster roll. My favourite was the herring roe sushi. 

Since it was my birthday, they gave me a free brownie with a sparkler on top, and a bunch of a little dishes like tempura pea snaps. Very sweet.

I'll definitely go back.Ǿ
Best sake EVER. fun to go here for tasting, very nice and informative sake-tender :)

Sample 3 sake cups for $10. 

It's the only sake brewery in Toronto!!!Ǿ
1: Poor 2: OK 3: Good 4: Very Good 5: Excellent

Food: 4
Service: 4
Ambiance: 5
Overall: 4.5

Extra information:

* Open for dinner and late night
* Closed for lunch
* Takes reservation
* Happy hour
* Good for large parties

I first found out about Sake Bar Kushi on facebook when my friend 'liked' their page and it showed up on my feed. It was when they just opened and were offering really good deals which I can't remember now cause it's been awhile.
I've been meaning to check it out but since it was a trip for me to take the subway up to Eglington, it just kind of lingered on my 'go to' list for awhile.

When I first walked into Sake Bar Kushi, I was surprised by how spacious the restaurant was. They had communal bar table in the middle of restaurant, individual blocked off tables to both sides and a huge party room at the back! I was impressed.. and then I realized this is Eglington, not downtown. Ok, then that makes a little more sense.

Anyways, it is hard to find a izakaya so spacious that can cater to a large group, so I was pleasantly surprised to see their party room at the back that can hold up to 50 people. Baby shower? Bridal shower? Birthday dinners? good thing to know they don't have a minimum charge for the awesome party room they have.

Throughout the week Sake Bar Kushi always has specials so that is also something to look out for.

Ordered: Spinach Gomaee 4/5

Blanched spinach with sesame sauce for $4, this seems like it is such a simple salad but so easy to mess up. This was a nice way to start my dinner, the spinach was blanched just right (not too soggy) covered in yummy peanut sauce

Ordered: Avocado Salad 5/5

Fresh sliced avocado with mixed vegetables for $5. Avocado with sriracha is one of my favorite things to eat right now- no wonder I loved this salad. It is just simple and I really liked the light tangy dressing.

Ordered: Ebi Mayo 3/5

Deep fried prawn served with mustard mayo sauce for $7. This was def different compared to other ebi mayo, the batter was almost like mochi texture (very sticky) and not crispy at all. I thought it was a little weird but my friend liked it nontheless.

Ordered: Cheese Okonomiyaki 4/5

Japanese pancake with cheese for $7, your ordinary Okonomiyaki but covered in cheese! It was a lot of cheesy goodness and for some reason it didn't even feel too heavy at all. Perfect dish to pair with ice cold beer for sure!

Ordered: Tuna Tataki 5/5

Lightly seared tuna sashimi and green onion, garlic chip with ponzu sauce  for $12. This was my favorite dish out of everything I've tried that night- Tuna was covered in tangy ponzu sauce and that deep fried garlic on top really added flavor to this simple dish, I loved it so much I probably finished most of it.

Ordered: Kimchi Pork Ishiyaki BiBimBab 5/5

Steamed rice with pan fried kimchi and pork on sizzling stone bowl for $9. I know all of you out there loooooove BiBimBab, but not me! You will never ever find me ordering that at Korean restaurants, but this Japanese-Korean fusion BiBimBab really blew my mind. It has pork belly.. how can it go wrong? It's a nice dish to share and make sure to get some of those crispy bits on the bottom of stone bowl.

Ordered: Kushi Moriawase 4/5

Skewers with chicken heart, shishamo, pork belly and chicken leg with teriyaki/spicy/seasalt sauce for $14. They offer 3 different types of sauce for their kushi (skewers) and spicy was my absolute favorite. Spicy porkbelly and spicy chicken leg would go perfect with beer. Be adventurous when ordering skewers, they offer so many different kinds.

Ordered: Mocha Ice Cake 3/5

Green tea cake with icecream, January special for $8. This is only offered in January so it's not something you can find on their regular menu. It was a nice way to end a meal.

Summary: I am so glad I made the trip to check out Sake Bar Kushi cause I absolutely love them. They offer good, quality food and did I mention the service was exceptional? All of the servers were super friendly and even though our table was hidden away in a corner, they were always around when I needed something.
It is a little bit of a walk from Eglington Subway station, but I would def be visiting Sake Bar Kushi again. I can't wait to go back and sit down for a nice dinner with some sake! Thanks for an awesome meal :)Ǿ
As soon as we walked into this restaurant were greeted by a roar of welcoming voices - (ever so often the staff yell something in Japanese - I have no idea what they are saying but it sounds exciting).

The restaurant itself is very dimly lit with hanging light blubs scattered down the middle. There is a also a large distressed wooden communal table running down the centre of the restaurant towards the bar with a collection of sake bottles acting as a divider down the middle of the table.

Booths line the sides of the restaurant and we are led to one near the front. I love how large and private they all are. Our waiter comes over to greet us and goes over the menu. He is soo polite and respectful kneeling down when talking to us and explaining the menu.

Onto the food. These are all the items we ordered:

Avocado Salad - fresh avocado w/ mixed veg
Loved this dish, I adore avocado, it was super creamy with the tangy dressing a refreshing crisp lettuce

Spicy Salmon Roll - chopped salmon sashimi w/ spicy mayo sauce
Not very spicy but I enjoyed the crunchy tempura bits and fresh salmon

Gyoza - crispy deep fried dumplings
Really crispy golden brown loved the crunchy exterior and juicy filling

Bacon wrapper asparagus skewer -
Really nice smokey charred flavour from the bacon

Yam Tempura - deep fried yam potato
Very crunchy and crispy sweet yam paired with the cool tangy dipping sauce nice contrast

Salmon - grilled salmon w/ teriyaki sauce
Salmon was soo flaky and tender a nice medium rare just the way I like it with a light teriyaki galze

Chicken Karaage - deep fried chicken w/ sea salt
Really crunchy exterior enclosing nice white meat chunks definitely squeeze the lemon over it and roll it in the salt n pepper mixture for extra zing

Vege Yaki Udon - pan fried udon w/ veg & teriyaki sauce
A steaming pile of thick noodles with fresh stir fried vegetables and a nice coating of teriyaki sauce really good

Teriyaki Salmon Tempura 
Our waiter brought this complimentary dish over from the cook.
Light crispy coated morsels of salmon in a teriyaki glaze 

Bulgogi - marinated beef w/ veg
Loved this dish served on a sizzling plate perfectly cooked tender strips of beef and ample fresh stir fried vegetables

Green Tea Ice cream
A very small portion just one tiny scoop  set on top of a crossed chocolate filled pocky sticks topped with whipped cream and a frozen raspberry

Overall I have to say the service here is one of the best, waiters were very friendly and dare I say almost too polite. Food was very fresh and came out in a timely matter and also very affordable (the most expensive dish we ordered was 7.95). If your ever in the mood for some Izakaya I suggest you give this place a try.Ǿ
I had dinner here last night and I was impressed! We were seated in the back room where you take off your shoes and sit at tables where you can either cross your legs or place your legs under the table where there's a lower compartment so you can just sit normally.

We ordered: 
Saikora steak - yum! but you gotta eat it warm
Takoyaki - was too mushy
Salmon tataki - ponzu sauce could use some work , it was too bland
Bibimbap with kimchi and pork - yum! and a very large portion compared to Guu
Kinmon (sp?) sake - mild warm sake that was recommended by the waitress that was perfect for our taste
Skewers $2 each!!! - scallop, whole fish (no idea what it's called), pork belly (yum!), kushi chicken, chicken skin, shrimp, asparagus with bacon. You can get these with either teriyaki sauce or sea salt. I recommend the sea salt as it really brings out the flavour of the skewer compared to the teriyaki sauce which overpowered it. Also, order the skewers as you want to eat them as they get cold quickly.
Salmon tempura salad - on the house! Such a nice surprise! You know everything tastes better when its free hahahaha... but really, this was good as well. Not outstanding but a delicious surprise that we finished even though we were stuffed. 

The service here was awesome! Our waitress, Mau, was very cheerful and accomodating. When I asked her if the sake was warm since she brought it out in the bottle, she quickly brought me a bucket of warm water to keep it in. And when we left the hostess came out of the restaurant to bow to us! My boyfriend thought she was chasing us down but was surprised when she came out into the cold, bowed 90 degrees and cheerfully said "thank you for coming!". Honestly, I would probably come back just for the awesome service alone, you just don't get that anymore at moderately priced places - keep up the good work Kushi!Ǿ
I've stumbled upon this store when I bought the $30 for $60 Groupon since it sounded like a pretty good deal. 
I've never written a review in my life, but this place left me with such a good impression that I felt like I owed them a good review. 
The staff were very polite and friendly, the waitress actually kneeled when she took our orders. I noticed a review down below saying the hospitality felt fake, this could not be more wrong! It is tradition for Japanese people to show good hospitality, and I guess their customs could be mistaken for insincerity. 
The food was very, very good. Portions weren't the biggest that I've ever seen, but given the quality of the food I'd say that the price is pretty reasonable. The Groupon deal made it even better. 
They even had mouthwash and sanitary pads in the washrooms. 
Over all I think this store is one of the best sushi places I've ever been to, and I'm so glad that I found it! I'd give it 4 and a half stars if I could, but unfortunately Yelp doesn't allow half stars and the menu got a bit confusing so I'm sticking to 4.
Definitely give this place a try, but be sure to go in on Tuesdays or Wednesdays because that's when they have items 50% off!Ǿ
I used to like this place even tho is a bit overpriced compared with other Japanese restaurants but recently they changed their menu. They don't even offer chicken teriyaki. I understand they might be trying to not be a conventional Japanese restaurant but I think having some safe plates for people that don't like to experiment it will be better.Ǿ
LOVE the wooden interior of the place. The booths are very roomy, and it's a bit dark but was appropriate for the establishment. 

The staff are very polite and the service was excellent.  We were even walked out to door when leaving.

We had a Groupon, so we got a chance to try lots of different variety of dishes. Overall, it was delicious but nothing spectacular nor dissapointing. The portions are a bit small, and they use quite a bit of mayo on most of their fried dishes. 

I would return since it's close to work, but would take advantage of their daily specials next time I go.Ǿ
I went there with my Japanese friends last night. Excellent Japanese style service. Reasonable price. Best of all, not noisy like other Japanese owned Izakaya's. We can actually talk!!!
I will definitely come back.Ǿ
Japanese authentic

Atmosphere-has a high class feeling 
staff-engaging, kind, respectful and very helpful  
Restaurant- very clean

The skewers are delish (especially pork and chicken), the sashimi and sushi is amazing.
Great place to hang out and chill.
Food is spot on! 
Lots of dishes to choose from.
Nightly beer specials 2.99!
In all a great place to stop by and have a try!Ǿ
Very good! Most of food are really delicious! Grill pork is so so. The services are fantastic! 
I will go again for sure!!Ǿ
Came here for a large birthday party (approx. 30 people). I don't think they are used to accommodating parties of this size. We were required to submit our food orders the day before so they could prepare for us. Because we had so many people, I understood why the restaurant asked for this. However, the wait time for food was between 1-2 hours per person depending on what you ordered. There were people at my table who finished eating 45 mins before my food arrived. Wait time aside, I thought both food and service were mediocre.

Service: We were seated with no water for a period of time. My boyfriend asked for water for the table and they presented him one glass for himself. The birthday girl felt so bad about the service, she was carrying a pitcher of water and filling cups herself throughout the evening. We had to make multiple requests for napkins before we just got up and got them for ourselves. Soy sauce was presented to the table in tiny pots as food started coming out. For some reason, the waitresses collected the soy sauce back part way through the meal. The soy sauce disappeared from our table before our chirashi bowls came out but by this point, we were so hungry we didn't even try to ask for it back. One pro: the beer/alcohol came quickly.

Food: Chirashi was mediocre - did not look like photos I've seen on Yelp. Also ordered the uni shooter where I could not taste the uni as the other flavours overwhelmed it. Could only taste the sweet pear on the bottom. Portions were kind of small for the bowls.

I've heard rave reviews about this place by other friends and I was really excited to try it. However, I was let down by the experience. I know I was part of a large party and did expect food to come out slowly, but I certainly did not expect it to take as long as it did considering we pre-ordered. Two hour wait for a chirashi is inexcusable. The size of the party also doesn't make up for the poor service (water, napkins, soy sauce).Ǿ
I don't want to believe it and I don't want to write it, but Sake Bar Kushi is losing it. I hope they notice and make a change (for the better) because otherwise the trend is undeniable. It is really sad because I loved them before but now anything good remaining is from their early days. Other than those Kushi (meaning skewered items in Japanese) is rolling downhill.

The good (from the early days and still today):
tried hard to create an attractive atmosphere
nice decorations and dark syle
comfortable booths
usually offer free food which is a nice and caring touch
A variety of sake
cool music but not too loud so you can speak and hear
THE SERVICE.. welcome you, open the door, walk out with you, bow, excuse themselves when arriving and shout in cool Japanese style 
lots of kushi on the menu

The bad (getting worse with every visit) now:
Food is getting strange. I am sure they have changed chefs. Once they had very good Japanese food. Now they have fusion weird tastes instead. They now have oden. It arrived at the table boiling!! What? oden is boiling?? And it had mushrooms and seaweed inside!? And they forgot to peel the radish's skin! It was cooked with the skin on! None of these are oden style.
The skewers which were so delicious are now always burnt and have no taste. Er, where is the taste and could you not char everything? Also, we don't want Korean style hot sauce on everything please stop. Isn't this a Japanese restaurant?
Fish with ketchup. Seriously salmon and ketchup?
Chicken karaage has lost its taste and really shrunk in size. Two years ago they had great juicy karaage with taste. Now? zero taste.
Generally ask your chef to go back to Japanese style or bring back the original days' chefs who knew Japanese izakaya menu. If I want fusion Korean hot sauce stuff I know where to go for that.

As you see the best parts of Kushi are leftover traditions from their opening days. Nowadays things are going downhill. I think they have replaced their Japanese front and kitchen staff with non-Japanese and they are letting the whole things go.Ǿ
Compared to the other "The Kushi" izakaya on Carlton, portions were teeny tiny! And didn't taste or smell much of the charcoal BBQ. The other dishes were fine, and portion wasn't bad but the actual Kushi (skewers) were way too miniature for me. Especially the scallops...looks like they sliced 1 scallop into 3 pieces like ham...bacon asparagus roll was so thin and too much sauce...The chickens were too hard and not juicy inside. The service was very nice though! I gave 3 stars because of this and a whole bunch of free appetizers after 9!Ǿ
My bf and I ordered uber eats from here and were blown away by the quality of food. We then decided to dine in a few weeks later and were just as impressed. 

The environment is so young and vibrant. Almost turns into a bit of a bar-ish feel in the evenings. Great music. 

In addition, the service is very traditional and high quality. This coupled with the modern environment have this place a very unique feel. 

The food here is exceptional. The tuna tataki in particular was absolutely mouth watering.Ǿ
Well this place should be ok if we didn't have Zakkushi already, or even Kintaro.

Very mediocre food with higher price than both above noted places. But they do have attractive discounts and savings going on everyday.

It's been about 1 month since I went there, almost don't remember what we had (proves the food to be mediocre again). But here's one simple reason why I won't go there again, as someone who LOVEs J food.

-If you are under a Japanese name, claiming to serve Japanese food, don't you think you should notify people if you are using Korean hot sauce on your spicy yakitori? And that you are using Korean rice cake/dok instead of real mochi?

I love Korean food, but I do want to have Japanese food when I go to Japanese places. The Korean hot sauce definitely made our  Japanese meal tasted like Dok Bok Ki.Ǿ
Make reso, this place is always packed and let them know where you want to be seated (description and photos are provided below) 

Kushi offers two types of atmosphere: the hispter vibe (dimmed lights, loud music and wood furnishing) at the front with shared bar rows and booths and the traditional japanese dining in the back where you take off your shoes and sit at long tables shared with strangers but you get your privacy with the wooden/paper dividers.

Food: fresh sushi and succulent yakitori. They have daily specials here, so make sure to check out their website/ social media. Try the uni bombs! they're very refreshing! Try everything, i don't think you can go wrong with anything here :)Ǿ
Came here for a reservation for Valentines Day and we were welcomed with 2 FREE dishes, one was a fried salmon and the other, oddly, was a dessert. I did kinda wish that they saved the dessert towards the end of the meal though cause it was kinda weird eating that so early on.

We decided to go all out for this special day (we were splitting the bill to give ourselves greater freedom and less guilt from ordering) so we got the skewer combo, mentaiko carbonara (MY FAVOURITE. THIS IS DA BOMB), chicken ramen, grilled mackerel and perhaps one other dish that I don't recall at the moment. We ordered all this presuming that portions are the same as other izakayas which are incredibly small and not filling. We were wrong. The things we ordered was all a solid entree size with the mackerel being a fairly large appetizer. In a nutshell, this means you can actually be full without breaking the bank hear! Bonus pts for sure.

I also really like the privacy you get here. The booths are built in a way in which you feel separated from the rest of the restaurant. You don't have to worry about being neglected though cause the wait staff makes a big effort to check up on you often. 

One thing that is slightly uncomfortable is that they may be toooo polite. As a slightly socially awkward person I don't know how to react when I'm bombarded with so much niceness. Even when we left, our server ran out after us to say bye. Sure it's generally a plus, but it can get tiring for introverts like myself. 

Overall though I would love to return especially on the days where they do half off specials and such!Ǿ
Sake Bar Kushi has this most amazing and friendly staff. 5 Star for service.

I love the cozy and dark interior. 

I really want to give it a higher rating than 3 star but the food was just a little disappointing.

We shared:

Sashimi Moriawase 55 pcs ($55) 50% off Wednesday
- The fish selection though interesting but a lot of the pieces did not taste fresh.
- some of the sashimi was a little dry and some a little warm
- I won't be happy if I have to pay $55 for that but it is 50% off on Wednesday but still I expect good quality fish!

Kushi Moriawase 10 pcs ($17)
- If you do not like pork belly, don't order this! Even though the menu states that it is a combination of Chicken, Fish, Heart and Pork Belly but out of the 10 skewer at last 4 of them were pork belly...
- It was served almost the same time as our Sashimi Platter and of course the food got a little cold while we were eating our sashimi... and cold pork belly did not taste good..
- Better off just order a la carte off the menu and enjoy my food slowly!

Sapporo for $5.50 a pint and other drinks though are quite reasonably priced! And of course great selection of sake!

I probably would come back and give Sake Bar Kushi another try. Maybe Tuesday for their Kushi special. But definitely won't be ordering sashimi or the kushi platter though.Ǿ
Service was great..hamachi was fresh.. ramen was very over cooked.. I'd go back for the sashimi. The scallop yakitori was also over cooked. Overall the service and sashimi were worth going back for...and this shooter which was a refreshing and light.Ǿ
I have been to Kushi multiple times and quality of the food and service has been top notch each time. You will receive a very enthusiastic welcome/goodbye when you come in and leave, but aside from that the atmosphere of the restaurant is quite calm. There are many choices and the "Kushi meal" which is 4 courses that you can choose is quite filling if you are up for it. Enjoyed my experience and it is the best replacement since Sasaya was sold so many years ago.Ǿ
As an izakaya lover, i was excited to see such a high rated new izakaya opened near my work.  However, my first visit last week was little bit of disappointment.

I agree with most reviewers about service and price.
Japanese staffs were very friendly and humble to customers.
price is truly inexpensive, but.... portion was TOO SMALLLL!!

Salmon Tataki was $7, yes very low, but it had 4 thin slice about 1sq inch each!
I would rather pay $14 and get three or four times more food just like other places.

same with kushi katsu. it was 3 pcs of kushi katsu about a size of dime. not loonie,
not quarter, not even nickel, but whole size of DIME!

I thought GUU's portion was little but Sake Bar Kushi bits them for sure.

my friends and i shared 5-6 dishes with Sapporo but figured it will take forever to fill our tummies like that so we paid the bill and headed to izakaya FIN.

I give three star because of wonderful waiting staff.Ǿ
Went here for my parents anniversary. Felt like we were back in Japan, the staff was very friendly, our serve Hiro was very helpful in recommending dishes and even recommending places for my parents to visit on their upcoming trip to Japan. I recommend the cod, okonomiyaki, ebi mayo, karagae and they gave us this matcha salt to dip things in that was so tasty! The food was delicious! (But I would skip dessert)Ǿ
Great izakaya place with superb food. The presentation was stellar and careful attention was given to minute detail. The service was fantastic. We were welcomed as soon as we opened the door to waitstaff seeing us out. Prices were very reasonable and portion sizes exceeded my expectations. I would highly recommend this place.Ǿ
Awesome! Sake bar kushi is amazing food and always gives things on the house. I was driving so I couldn't enjoy the 3$ Sapporo pint after 9pm...sadly. 

I got the ebi Mayo, udon and a bunch of other tapas between 4-7$.  

I was very happy with the service - they treat you very well here and the food was amazing. Tempura fried edamame on the house. 

It's sad cause it's located just awkwardly off of yonge and eglinton so it's not as busy as it should be.Ǿ
Second time in one week, food still great. Ordered the 7 course dinner for $29.

- 2 Miso soup
- 2 Salmon Sashimi Salad
- Calamari and Baby Octopus starters
- 2 scallop and 2 chicken skewers
- 12pc Sashimi and Dragon Roll
- Ice cream for dessertǾ
For the pricing u can't go wrong.  very reasonable prices.  The food is decent.  Service is good.  After 9pm there's a beer special.  The sashimi is very good & very fresh.  All the portions are small because it is like a tapa restaurant.  I liked the grilled cod.  The rolls were VERY good.Ǿ
We were so glad to have wandered west of Eglinton today.  This izakaya is solid. Great service and great food. 

We ordered an edemame appetizer, a 15 pc sashimi- we were so surprised at their thickness! Grilled mackerel was also huge at only $7.95. Also ordered a rib dinner which was very tasty. 

We were even offered bean tempura and sweet potato fries on the house. Also ordered 2 chu Hai...very refreshing drinks but too bad I barely tasted any alcohol. Will definitely Italy come back again!