Ordered the Power salad and coop soup. They taste good but it's so overpriced! $5 for a tablespoon of chicken?! Come on, Flock. Be a bit more reasonable with your pricing for the quantity.Ǿ
I was recommended the Boho salad as it's the most popular choice. You can definitely taste the freshness of the veggies, and the rotisserie side chicken I added was moist. 

I stole some of my friends Caribbean sauce that comes with the chicken orders. All great tasting. 

 The prices are on the expensive side - A small salad is $8, large is $11.50 and protein add ons are about $4-5. 

It would be hard to justify coming here when you can easily go to a sit down restaurant for the same price. The quality is there but the portions aren't big enough that it would fill me up.Ǿ
We ordered delivery a few times and never were disappointed! 

We tried the whole chicken which was tasteful!
Then we tried the Boho Flock bowl and the Power Flock just delicious! We were so happy! We will definitely continue to order from them.

Oh yes don't forget to try their steamed green beans! So good!Ǿ
Yellow Light, not sure I would suggest it to you. In a hurry and hungry I went in. I was served very fast with what they technically offer: Chicken. They do nice good looking salads too but I had half of a chicken and sweet potatoes with a side of green spicy sauce. Taste of the entire dish were not amazing even if I was expecting something good with their presentation that says " NATURALLY RAISED WITHOUT HORMONES OR ANTIBIOTICS". It may have been healthier but taste wasn t there. Self Service. There are no tables and you got to eat on the windows where some space is provided to lay your plate. Naa.Ǿ
Had the fancy flock salad today. Great prices for fresh, quality food. I love that their menu is vegan friendly! Portion sizes were big, and the salad is more filling and larger than Kumfert and Kim's. Very pleased with my order. There is seating, but it feels more like a take out kind of place.Ǿ
Awesome lunch. The greens have so much flavor and content!  I had the Boho Flock and it was superb  my husband had the power flock and it was good as well. The full size is quite large. The Flock Stock soup was wonderful. The pumpkin seeds gave it a nice 'chew'. Awesome spot for lunch and it is reasonably priced!Ǿ
had the PULLED ROTISSERIE CHICKEN SANDWICH.  Great service friendly and fast for a made to order sandwich.  Was  a touch dry and the bun ended up being a little soggy.  Could have done better with a crispy baguette but great flavour and price for what i got.Ǿ
KIMCHI GREEN BEANS.

Everyone focuses on the chicken. I mean, yes, it's really good and natural but, my god, dem green beans!!! Sweet, succulent, and perfectly paired with  kimchi. How did Chef Vitiello come up with this combo? 

Consistent quality, friendly and fast service, delicious food. I've been picking this up via Ritual 3-4x/week. The app allows you to easily request changes or substitutions. If the resto is taking longer than usual to finish the order, call them.

Typical financial district prices; post-tax, it's ~$13 for a full salad and ~$5 for the marinated green beans. Skip the sandwich - it's tasty but the value/food ratio is sooo off.Ǿ
Tasty salad, ingredients were fresh and of very good quality, great concept. 

However, my takeaway workweek lunch somehow came to $17.50 for an average sized lunch salad with chicken (no sides or drink).This is insane even by financial district pricing standards. They then tried to charge $.50 extra for hot sauce when I asked if they had any when picking up my plate. 

The food is really quite good, but if you want a good "desk" salad routine place stick with Mams, Pumpernickel, IQ, Crave etc., all which can offer similarly creative options for ~$12.Ǿ
Flock is a utilitarian fast food spot serving chicken and greens in the downtown core. Their third location recently opened on Richmond Street. By focusing on quick service, healthy meat/vegetarian options, good branding, and a welcoming atmosphere, they've become a popular lunch staple for workers and those passing by.

Must-try items:
Power Flock
Any greens or chicken combination

The Power Flock salad is an amazing combination of raw, natural, tasty ingredients. It's packed with a variety of flavours and textures, and can be topped with chicken for an additional charge. They've also got rotisserie chicken and side dishes, which means I'll be coming back to try everything they offer (sooner than later).

The staff here are friendly and can help recommend something for you to try on your first few visits. It's quite comfortable and clean, so if dining in is a preference, no need to worry.Ǿ
Two chicken fingers up!

Ordered on Ritual for my first time here as I was in a rush for lunch. Order was ready as promised and quickly walked in and out. 

Was initial concerned about portion size but am now one stuffed bird despite being quite hungry before this.  I had a small boho salad with pulled check own. 

Overall, love the variety of flavours, textures and temperatures (?). Will order there again. Perhaps we slightly less dressing.Ǿ
Can tell just about delivery option. Fast, tasty, healthy! Salads are always big, fresh, tasty! Chicken also looks natural and healthy. 
Happy that I found them )
May be little bit pricy but it worth this.
Wish their team all the best!
 Highly recommend to those who tryes to eat healthy but appreciates not just good quality of food but taste too.Ǿ
Overpriced salads. Only tried it because there was more than one location and because of Yelp reviews. Wouldn't go back and definitely not paying $15 for a take out salad again.Ǿ
I decided to order from Flock because Ritual had a deal.  I ordered myself a half size Power Flock with pulled Rotisserie Chicken(+$4).  I really enjoyed the ingredients of the salad, they crafted it very nicely.  I am giving 3 stars instead of 4 is because of the portion size does not reflect the price.  Perhaps, since the chickens are raised naturally without hormones or antibiotics, it comes with the price.  Otherwise, the salad was delicious!Ǿ
Flock is a quality rotisserie chicken and premium greens place. Though I cannot comment on the chicken I do enjoy their bomb-ass vegetarian/vegan salads. 

Ambiance:
- Clean, modern decor and upmarket fast food restaurant vibe
- Friendly and efficient service
- Reasonably spacious areas for waiting and tables if you want to stay

Food:
- Rotisserie chicken (whole or less) or in sandwich form
- Sides including potatoes and steamed greens
- Carnivore and vegan friendly soups
- Awesome vegan/vegetarian salads chock full of goodies like raw beets, goji berries, grated coconut, daikon and pomegranate seeds. 
- A few desserts for those with a sweet tooth

I've seen other reviews say the salads are overpriced. For the financial district and considering the size and number of more expensive 'superfoods' in there I'd say they are on par (as long as you don't start adding extras). The salads are really high quality and very healthy. 'Boho' is by far the best salad in my opinion. I think 'fancy' has too much cabbage considering it also has radishes, it's overpowering. You need to add avocado otherwise it's a little dull, and that pushes up the price.

If you're looking for a little extra try the Harbord location. They have extra menu items and to stay bowls, and they serve alcohol.Ǿ
3 stars for the overpriced salads but well below that for the mediocre hot food. I've had better grocery store roast chicken. Can't understand what all the fuss is about.