I love trying new restaurants and a friend suggested First Watch for lunch.  I had the Roast Beef & Havarti sandwich and the Honey Pecan Salad - fresh, flavorful and satisfying!  Love that they serve breakfast all day...I'll definitely go back to try that!  Service was friendly.  Great patio to enjoy the nice weather this time of year.笑
Refreshing variety. Great place for brunch. Food is creative and delicious. Service is great.笑
Seated quick, greeted quick, food served quick, attentive service.... Menu is fresh and fun. Three stars are for lack of integrity to brand concept. I ordered a fresh kale juice and waitress comes back from kitchen saying they are out and proceeded to say that they make 3 glasses a day and when they are gone they are gone. When a restaurant serves a large number of people every day their should be a certain percentage of those items available. Further, one can juice and it will keep incredibly fresh for a week!! Educate yourselves folks. It's either fresh and juiced per glass or at the least do up a big batch. Serve your customers. Also, Greens that came with omelet were mostly wilted, clearly not fresh and absolutely lacked flavor. I asked for green chilies and jalapeños added to breakfast and they were there but had to really search. Lastly, individual packaged creamers may be more cost effective but lack the freshness and if First Watch did a little research they would find these items are not fresh at all. I will be back but hope I can see some improvement.笑
Nice place for breakfast. Gets very busy on weekends so try to come here on a weekday morning if you can! There is a cute outdoor seating area with nice mountain views and palm trees. Everything in this part of town is almost brand new. I have tried two things on the menu avocado toast and the Super food bowl. Both were delicious! The Super food bowl is my favorite with coconut chia seed pudding and berries. It is served with toast with almond butter and sea salt. I like that they use local ingredients when possible. Service is just ok.笑
Tasty. Distinctive. Great food, nice atmosphere, quick & friendly service. Visited twice during current vacation. Nice outdoor seating on second trip. Looking forward to our third.笑
This was my first time here. I've heard about this place and how good they were. So, I had to see for myself. 

I ordered the power wrap. It was delicious. I wasn't a fan of the mushrooms in the wrap, but I'm just not a fan of them things anyways. The salsa tasted fresh and it was delicious on the wrap. 

I also got to sample their day glow juice and make tonic. Both were really good. The kale tonic was sweeter than I would like but it was still good. 

The person o went with got the biscuits and gravy and that was WOW. Bomb. Them potatoes too, legit.笑
Love coming here for breakfast. Service is great. Johnny was my server today and he was quick, took my order right away, food was out quick, tasted really good and I was on my way. Thanks.笑
What the heck happened!!?  I've been a good egg customer ever since this store opened.  Now it 100% first watch and its really gone down hill.  Menu went from good ol fashion breakfast to trendy health food in a second flat.   i mean, side salad for breakfast?  c'mon. but that's not the main issue....
Service and food quality has been getting worse every time weve come here.  The last visit, we sat outside and there was creamer sitting in the sun.  I opened it to put in my coffee and it was all curdled.  I waited 15 minutes before i got up and tracked down our waitress.  Then they brought me new coffee which tasted like it was sitting in a hot plate for 2 years, and there was a film on the top.  I gave up on the coffee... i drank the water.  My wife's meal had burnt toast and my potatoes were literally raw.  it had a little char on the outsite but wasnt actually cooked.  It had a crunch like i was biting into an apple.  after the food was dropped off, we never saw our waitress again until i tracked her down (again) for the check.  we had wanted to have a side of something and maybe a water refill, mid-meal... but we gave up on that as well. really sad to see my favorite breakfast place go down the tubes笑
I have been there and received great customer service but the second time I went there was horrible. We were there for about an hour, was sat down outside and our waitress was poor. It took forever to get our drinks and we were waiting so long that it even took long to get refills. About an hour later the waitress came over to say that they 'lost' our ticket and that our food had not even been cooked yet! Despite many times she came over saying it will be right out, and silly me thinking she was actually checking on our food- she wasn't. I was so appalled by this service that we just chose to leave and proceeded to call the manager on our way to eat somewhere else. This was unacceptable service that our food was never prepared in the hour we were there. I will never be back to this location.笑
I usually like First Watch, but this location seems to be cutting corners when it comes to the freshness of their food. Both times I've been, my side order of fruit was rotting to the point it was smelling bad. I ordered a sandwich for lunch, and the bread was so dry it was either old and expired or it had been sitting out all day. It was supposed to be fresh bread, not toasted, and it was literally crumbling in my hands as I picked up my sandwich. I'm very discouraged because typically First Watch has good food, but I think this location is more concerned with saving money than serving quality. Sad笑
Best breakfast I've had in a while!!! Super fresh and great portions! Excellent service and great atmosphere to wake up with! Next time I stop by I have to try the juice bar!笑
First time at this location and wasn't disappointed! 

The waitress was AMAZING! Sensitive to allergy needs and incredibly helpful. She was a doll!

The food did not disappoint. My veggie omelet was YUM! The salad and toast perfect accompaniments. Even the coffee was hot and delicious. I had to wait for a fresh pot to brew, but the wait was well worth it.

The only negative? The hostess seemed to have attitude. We asked to sit outside and from her reaction, that was clearly not where she wanted us. We blew it off but the moment was noted...and unnecessary.笑
I have to say it's definitely not the same and odd to have a salad with breakfast and they do not offer buttermilk pancakes that was awesome to have when it was good egg. So overall disappointed and wish they kept some of the good egg items.笑
Its been along time since I've walked out of a restaurant.  Walked in and no one was up front so stood there for at least three minutes before we were seated.  Then sat at our table with no acknowledgement for another 10 minutes.  When you see servers walk out and see you still have menus and no beverages but still ignore you, it is time to take your business somewhere else.  Now we are at IHOP!!!!笑
Had it for the first time today and it was delicious! Highly recommend trying the chickichanga! Has chicken and choizo inside which was an awesome combo! I also had the wheat toast with a very generous amount of avocado on top! (I love avocado) and to top it off they have cholula hot sauce!! A big plus for me because I hate Tabasco hot sauce!! Thank you Mary for serving me today! The staff is awesome!笑
I really love this place! They have the best Waffles in town and the Kale Tonics are amazing ! The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is that they don't offer Hash browns anymore. They only offer potatoes which we are not huge fans of. Please bring back the Hash browns!!!笑
This location used to be the good egg. Wish it wouldn't have changed. Seemed like a trying to be a healthy food place. Not impressed. 
Bacon was limp and didn't seem fresh, almost as though it had been delivered precooked like microwave bacon. 
Multigrain pancakes were dryer than most. 
Service was nice although a bit slow as was cooking time on the food. Place wasn't all that busy.笑
Excellent food and service. Staff is friendly and the restaurant  is cozy with great seating. I would  recommend  you giving it a try.笑
I like First Watch for what it is: 

A respectable neighborhood-based breakfast joint that's a cut above most cookie-cutter chains you'll find in the area.

We first visited a First Watch a couple of years ago. The Black Canyon location, which for some reason, has Yelp reviews that are disproportionately higher than the rest. We both liked it, but shortly forgot about it a few weeks after going. 

Since then, they bought out The Good Egg and converted all of their existing locations, which has resulted in the "brand" becoming much more prominent throughout the city. Hell, there now seems to be one in practically every single neighborhood I've driven through.

Is it better than The Good Egg? Marginally. Is it in the same league as some of our favorite spots when you take into consideration what's available in Phoenix? Eh, I wouldn't go that far.

But that doesn't necessarily mean that it's bad, because it's not. Servers are prompt, food is fine, and the menu combines traditional breakfast items with a slight modern-flare that isn't overdone. There are a variety of healthy items on the menu, including the traditional not-so-healthy breakfast items.

I usually order scrambled eggs, potatoes, bacon, and an English muffin. My girlfriend usually throws a granola pancake into her order. Eh, it's okay - but I have found more success with a competitor's "Protein Pancake" variation. Still though, it works for what it is, I guess.

Additionally, I've tried both of their Day Glow and Kale Tonic, which are good options if you're into that sort of thing.

While I wouldn't classify First Watch as anything spectacular, I see it more as a convenience on those days where we don't feel like driving out of our way for breakfast. And for that, it's just fine and dandy.笑
On vacation in Phoenix.  Had breakfast here this afternoon.  We ordered the Frittata Rustica, an order of the millionaire's bacon and the Tri-Fecta.  The service was excellent, attentive and very personable & friendly.   The food was also excellent and definitely will return tomorrow!笑
This was another great Yelp find. Delicious breakfast & brunch foods with lots of healthy options. They have good coffee, which is a lot for me to say because I'm picky. They have fresh juices that looked good, but I was too full to try. The portions were good, not ridiculous big but not small. Close to the ASU campus and easy to find. Two thumbs up!笑
Food is amazing and service is even better. This is my moms favorite restaurant and she goes weekly. I would not say I'd go once a week but definitely have no complaints.笑
Yum!!!!! Great menu.  I had the butternut squash and mushroom frittata and my BF had the pumpkin spice pancake special with eggs and sausage. A perfect pairing of Fall ingredients笑
I've repeatedly tried to like this place since they changed their name from Good Egg and also changed their menu. Went there this morning and had the Power Wrap. Service was slow and food was extremely dry. Most items on the menu seem to be over a thousand calories and just don't appeal to me. Omelettes and traditional breakfast seems to have been purposely left off the menu. Since the place was virtually empty, I have to presume that others are agreeing with my evaluation of the First Watch experience. I won't be back!!笑
First Watch has delicious food, great service, friendly staff and nice environment. Try it, you'll like it! Kudos to Tina and Ian!笑
New location is awesome. Went for breakfast and all was clean, spacious and open. Food was delicious and service was good.  Booths are big and have lots of space. They made an error on the bill but fixed it with no hassle. I had chorizo omelet and it was delicious. Will definitely return.笑
This was my 1st visit after they became First Watch from the Good Egg. I like the fact that they have an app that allows you to get on the wait list before you get there (really helped us on a Sunday after church). Upon arrival, there was a line with a 17 min wait but due to the fact we pre registered we were seated right away. 

We had a very polite young man by the name of Ian as our waiter. Water and drinks were brought within minutes. We asked questions about the trifecta and the traditional. Ian advised which was better since we both love waffles.  We ordered the trifecta, one with ham and the other with bacon. Two different eggs servings.  We were served within 10 minutes even though the place was very busy. 

Pro's:  Both servings of eggs done just right. Waffle is very good with the spiced butter. Ham had a small hickory flavor, good!  Nice portion. Not too big and not too small. 

Con's:  Syrup could have been warmer. Watch your timer on poached eggs. Bacon was a little too salty. Water glasses too small and no ice when served. 

Will be back to try something different next time.笑
First time at First Watch exceeded my expectations. Had to wait a bit before getting seated, which was no big deal for two reasons 1. When places have a wait or a line, you KNOW it's good and 2. I had great company to pass the time. Score! 

Once we got seated, Cassie came over and was absolutely phenomenal! She recommended a bunch of items on the menu, and although all the items sounded mouth-wateringly delicious and amazing, I opted to get The Elevated Egg Sammy -- with a side of Pumpkin Pancakes. Super yum! 

Food came out fairly quickly (although I'm not sure how long it really was -- I was too caught up in great conversation), and Cassie was so incredibly on point, coming to check on us, refilling water, letting us know our food was almost ready. ***Special "Thanks" to Cassie, btw! She definitely made the experience so much better, such a beautiful girl with an amazing personality, kind, caring, and she went above and beyond and truly took care of us... Thank you again, Cassie! You rock!!!***

Now on to the food: the presentation made the food so appetizing! I love that the chefs here actually take pride in the way they send the food out, not just slap things on a plate. My Elevated Egg Sammy -- wow! I pretty much inhaled it. The flavor was absolutely mouth-watering and satisfying bite after bite. And the country-style potatoes... goodness, they tasted like grandma just made you the most amazing, tasty home-made potatoes on an old-school cast iron skillet (let's face it guys, grandmas are the BEST cooks ever!) I highly recommend getting this breakfast sandwich; you won't be sorry, and your tastebuds will jump for joy with excitement.

The Pumpkin Pancakes... Simply decadent! I ordered two (you can choose one, two, or three) light and pillow-like fluffy pancakes. They had the perfect amount of pumpkin flavor, not too overbearing or in your face pumpkiny-ness. Super yummy! I ate half of them (can you tell I was hungry) and then brought the rest home... Cuz pancakes for dinner? Yes, please! 

Overall I had an incredible experience at First Watch; wasn't too fond of the place it was before, though. But now that I know how amazing, fresh, and yummy the food is here, I'll be back to try more of their menu items!笑
Walked in on a Saturday morning to a crowd of people hanging outside. In my opinion a wait time indicates a good place to eat, why would you wait if not? Seating is cozy and the ambience is nice, they also offer outdoor seating. Oj and water tasted fresh, coffee was pleasing. They have Cholula on the table, a good sign.

Food was fantastic, I got the power wrap which I would highly recommend. Their food tastes very homemade. Breakfast is hard to mess up and even harder to reinvent but they certainly did a great job here of bringing something new and exciting to mornings. Next visit I think I'll try something from their juice bar.笑
This was my very first time trying out first watch and it won't be my last watch ;). I will definitely be returning. I love breakfast and this place rocker my socks off. 
Upon walking in the hostess immediately greeted us with a smile and added our name to the wait. We were sat within the timeframe given which can be hard to come by at some restaurants. I had the Italian hash skillet and oh my gosh I can't wait to have it again. Our server was busy but took great care of us. If you like juice get the fresh squeezed orange juice, it was soooo good. For the portions and quality the prices were definitely on par as well. 

First watch! Good job! I'll definitely be back very soon!笑
Love all the new decor and marketing images. Wish the food came close to the marketing hype. Have been to 3 locations and it's all the same. Hot breakfast dishes served cool, toast barely toasted and over buttered, eggs Benedict served stacked high on too small of a plate so that when you cut into it, it topples over onto the table, and did I mention it's served at room temperature? Suggestion: ditch the edgy plates and get some that can be kept and served warm so hot food stays hot for at least as long as it takes to be served to the customer. There's a lot more but I've run out of time.笑
You have to try the Lemon Blueberry Quinoa Pancakes! Seriously this is the best breakfast I have had for a very long time. Our server, Joanne was incredibly attentive and happy.  Great food, super service and love the new urban decor笑
What a great breakfast spot! It is recently remodeled so it has a rustic modern look. Beautiful atmosphere and the presentation of the food is great! Makes its feel more cozy and a great spot to hang out and enjoy a hot cup of coffee and breakfast. It does tend to get busy but I have never had to wait long. 

I went in today with my fiancé' s mother. She got the avocado toast and I got the protein quinoa bowl. Her toast was delicious, healthy and just the right portion. I didn't care for my protein bowl but the server asked if I would like to switch it out. I switched it out for the energy bowl which was granola, fruit, and Greek yogurt. It's was amazing! Great flavor and refreshing.

Our server was Joanne and she was amazing. Greeted us with the hot coffee and was very kind to switch out my food when I didn't like my first order without charging extra. Prompt service and very kind. Great spot for friends and family!笑
Same good egg feel, same good egg faces, but NOT the same good egg taste. Not sure if the cafe is trying to make a move towards healthier food but it wasn't as flavorful as before. And way over priced!!!笑
I typically love this place. I came here on a Thursday at 145pm. The place was empty, normally I'm here on a weekend morning when it's busy. All my food was ice cold when they gave it to me. It also tasted super old. Why? There wasn't anybody in here! Terrible.笑
... many moons ago, First Watch was this homey little
Breakfast joint.. now, it seems a little too hipster for me. I suppose maybe I'm not good with change seeing as how we used to frequent the I-17 location every weekend and they slowly started phasing out what made them so great. We brought our little one to this location as it's closest to home and it's just not what it used to be :/笑
Great local eatery with a plethora of breakfast and brunch options. The restaurant is clean and the staff is extremely helpful. A big shout out to the server Ian for truly making my brunch a memorable experience. I will definitely be returning time and time again.笑
Amazing fresh food! Long waits, but if you get there by 8am you can usually be seated right away. I recommend everything on the menu, lol, but I'm especially fine of the triathlete omelette, and The market hash skillet is amazing too!!!! This place is well worth the wait yummm笑
Quick to sit and order, nice atmosphere with a dog friendly patio! We come at least twice a month to enjoy this location笑
Don't be FOOLED by the nice well kept appearance of the interior design and the clean, crisp look of the menu you'll be handed.

It's a cover for the sub-standard food and service.

Breakfast is the easiest to make and serve yet, my eggs, potatoes, toast and bacon were cold.

Our server didn't do the usual 5-10min follow-up to make sure I was happy with my meal...so I just sat there...when server did come back, she didn't remove my meal from the bill.

STAY AWAY from this place as this has happened to me on a number of occasions.

I won't be back...they wasted my precious time and money.笑
Today was my first time at this location and it was just as great as the peoria location. I decided to try something different this time and got the chikichanga. It was absolutely delicious! The decor was cute and our waitress was outstanding.笑
My dining experience here was top notch from the second I walked in. I felt instantly welcome and right at home. The service was excellent and swift. The food was warm and cooked to perfection. I'm so happy to finally have a breakfast place so close to home.笑
I think the food would have been pretty good if it wasn't served cold. The decor and atmosphere was nice and clean and modern. But in the end, it all comes down to the food. And the food was just OK笑
Yummy food! Not much on our plates! But it was good . 
Service was great! We thought $75.00 was a lot for 3 adults and 1 child to eat breakfasts.  At least it was good clean healthy food.笑
I was very excited to find a breakfast place near my new home. The menu sounded fantastic. But after a 30 minute wait for breakfast. The taste and quality of the food was terrible. I felt like we were totally invisible to our server. We had hoped to make this our new stop on Saturday morning bike rides, we'll keep looking for a great breakfast spot.笑
I'd give five stars if First Watch would have a gluten free option for bread. Gluten free for Pancakes and Crepes would be nice too! Gluten free can actually taste better than wheat when done right. (Elevate Coffee down the street offers great gluten free crepes.) How I'd LOVE to order the Smoked Salmon & Cucumber toast! Instead, I had the Smoked Salmon Frittata. PLEASE GIVE US A GLUTEN FREE BREAD OPTION!!! 

And JOHNNY is a great waiter! He knows the menu choices so well! JOHNNY GETS FIVE STARS.笑
Food was great and loved the atmosphere.  My family members loved the "Morning Meditation" juice.  Experience was tainted by a bad waitress experience.  She must have drank a coffee with an extra shot of grumpiness.笑
This is a reliable place for bfast in the north valley. What i like most is that it is not all syrup and batter-- they have healthy options as well. My fav is getting a half checken salad sandwich and half salad. Its tge perfect place to go before or after its only open until 2) the waterpark.笑
this just became my fav breakfast spot in this side of town. Food very fresh, plenty of healthy choices and the service so spot on!! amazing for a chain restaurant.笑
This is the second First Watch location I've been too - and it's just as fabulous! The service was excellent and I love a place that understands the importance of using Fresh food. It's kinda crazy that this is often the exception and not the norm. Would highly recommend this chain of restaurants for breakfast or lunch.笑
My servers name is Amanda. She was amazing anything we asked she brought it to us within 5 minutes. I wasn't sure which drink to order so she brought all 3 drinks so that I can try. We then ordered and got our order maybe 30 minutes max now that's fast! Loved the whole old look to it. will be going there more often.笑
I came here a few months ago and ordered the chilaquiles. I found a hair in my beans *gross* and so I focused on just trying to enjoy the other part of my meal. It was literally so spicy that it wasn't good. Now, I love Mexican food and hot sauce but this was almost inedible. 
I figured I would give it another shot this past weekend. I ordered the pumpkin pancake plate. First, their food isn't nicely plated like it used to be. Second, my "scrambled eggs" were actually over medium and then scrambled. Third, my apple chicken sausage was cold. Not like it sat under the heat lamp cold. Literally like it was pulled right from the fridge and stuck on my plate. No joke. I usually don't send food back but I did get another side of sausage. Still, very disappointed in First Watch. I'll be going elsewhere from now on. Bummer, because they used to be delicious and consistent.笑
First Watch is a health food restaurant.  So if you are eating healthy looking for smaller portion sizes and organic foods this is a great restaurant for you. If you're looking for homemade fresh breads, Bakery, buttermilk pancakes and large breakfast portions this is not the restaurant for you. The staff was pretty friendly the wait was about 25 minutes. Food was good but not what I expected.笑
I'm giving two stars because the food was pretty good. Biscuits and gravy, the bacon and sausage were really good. The service sucked. I can deal with a 40 minute wait, because usually that means the food AND service are above par.  So we order we get our food no problem, were waiting for our food and my husband had some coffee, so I have  a cup since the pitcher is on the table.  I have ZERO problem paying for my cup of coffee. What I do have a problem with, is my food gets dropped at the table, I sit there for five minutes because I have no silver ware, finally stop a random sever because well I need silverware, my husband needed hot sauce so we stop another server again and get him hot sauce no biggie, finally got our server after we finished our meal and asked for additional coffee and creamer since our dish was clearly EMPTY.  They were moderately busy so I get there's going to be some slip ups and that's fine with me. What I do have an  issue with is , my server noticed I was drinking coffee, went in and added it to my check (again not an issue paying for the coffee), yet failed to notice I had no silver ware for 5 minutes, had to be asked twice for creamer ,  and never once asked if we needed anything or if the food was to our liking. She did however clear our table  when we were done and drop our check.  Had we been rude at all I could understand but honestly until I got the check and saw that she noticed that but basically hadn't noticed anything important like the fact I sat there while my husband and son were eating really irked me. She's lucky she even got a $2.00 tip, because I tip 20-25%. 

So maybe the management should do actual sections for their servers instead of having them inside and outside that way after a 40 minute wait you can get decent service.  If you'd like to know which of your servers needs training I'd be happy to let you know.笑
Great food, excellent service and wonderful location. The restaurant is always clean and has a nice large waiting area. being able to check in via mobile app (Nowait) is awesome as it can get busy on the weekends. 

I always get the Omelette's. particularly the Works, with potatoes. quality food and overall wonderful place.笑
Have been to multiple other locations before. This location used to be The Good Egg. Food is always good to great. Ciabatta French Toast with Nutella Drizzle was great. 

Service was good except asked for specifically plain waffle with nothing on it for daughter and was served waffle with powdered sugar and butter on it. If asking for something particular there is probably a good reason. 

Overall is recommended to visit. But suggested to listen to your customers when they ask for specific requests.笑
I just love this place. This is our families first choice for a local breakfast spot. It's fresh with a good variety, avocado toast, I get the chikichanga.  Then chocolate pancakes for the kids. The cofffee is always on point. BONUS: you don't want to take a five hour nap after you eat here. Definitely a notch above your average breakfast place!笑
20 minutes to seat, outside very limited water misters that dont cover the patio,15 minutes for water, 20 minutes for food. Server didn't want to work and it showed. Other servers came around but ours stayed inside. One server came out to the middle of the patio and asked who had what as she didn't know what food went with what tables...sorry , this place isn't The Good Egg .. We will stick with US Egg and few miles down the road.笑
Today we came in to eat and felt the server was extremely rude. The server tried to almost rush us out, she didn't check up on drinks. The French toast was undercooked. I felt that this experience was a bit sour due to our server. The drinks however were great but again we only had one. I may go back again and see how it is but this was not a pleasant experience in what I assume to be a good restraunt.笑
Great breakfast!  The Avocado Toast was delicious!  The restaurant was clean and our server Joanne was very pleasant and accommodating笑
Food was good. I Like eating there and tried something different.  It appeared that the Eggs for the Eggs Benedict didn't go as well as the cook intended....so the eggs were partial eggs. Loved the Potatoes!

Will go back to my usual.  Breakfast Tacos are AMAZING!!!笑
I was really excited to see First Watch in Phx.  Apparently First Watch bought out The Good Egg. 

I love their breakfast. The skillet hash is my favorite. The banana oats pancakes are delicious. I'm not a fan of the Benedict's. I'm quite picky when it comes to that but that's because that's my "go to" breakfast option and I've had a lot of great ones. The reason I don't enjoy it is because it's on a loaf style bread, which I'm not a fan of. The staff is friendly and the pricing is not bad at all. Definitely recommend!!笑
3rd time here. They were very busy, (9 am Sat morning) so we waited about 15 minutes. After being rushed to a table that was still damp from being wiped down, I immediately noted that the silverware and glasses were horribly water spotted and dirty with fingerprints. The coffee mugs were far worse with sticky syrup and lipstick smudges. When the server finally showed up, I pointed it out, and she took our drink order and then hastily grabbed them and later came back with cleaner(?) glasses and mugs. The water glass smelled of the chemical used in the dishwasher. We weren't ready to order, which appeared to irritate the server even more. She left and returned about 10 minutes later, which was simply way too long to wait.

I ordered an advertised special and my wife ordered a standard menu item with some changes. When they arrived, I noted mine did not look like the advertised item and was missing some ingredients. I had to wait about 8 minutes before I could flag down our server, who had yet to come by to ask if everything was to our liking. When she did finally show up after waving at her, I asked if my order was supposed to include additional ingredients and she immediately left and brought back the missing part. No apology was given, nor was there any suggestion to replace with a fresh and warm meal or the offer to remove it from our ticket. However, she did blame it on the person who brought the meal out. I requested that she remove it from our ticket, which she did. There was never an apology given. 

The cashier asked rotely how our meal was but did not wait for, nor seemed interested in a reply. It is quite evident that the restaurant management and staff were unprepared for increased business (first day of the month - after a payday - and a direct mailer had been sent out... really?) and EVERY employee there (wait and kitchen) were poorly trained by management and ill-prepared to handle the increased business properly and professionally.

In my previous experiences, the food has been exceptional, prepared and served correctly. That is the reason for the two stars. If I were a first-time customer, I would have given a one-star rating.      
I hope they get their act together as I do like the quality of their food. We will see.....