I was at the Cleveland Clinic.  It's never a good thing to be at the Cleveland Clinic, unless you work there....  

I had some time to kill before my son's next appointment, and he knew there was a Mexican place that has new ownership.  That will be replacement for Chipotle, right?  Why not?

When we got there, I was laughing that the menu featured the Art Vandalay!  As a big Seinfeld fan, I was loving that inside joke!  George Costanza wishes he was immortalized that way!

I was already thinking "screw it - we're at the Clinic" mixed with "I really like the chicken nachos at the Lizard...", so I got the nachos.  SO GOOD.  I got to pick extra veggies that I wanted on there, the chicken was plentiful, and they were really good!  Not the usual bland, overpriced fare that you put up with and get because you're at the hospital.  My son really liked his burrito and it looked huge.  That is good.  The salsas were good, clean and labeled.  We're not always that lucky!

I wasn't hungry again until later that night, and just had some cereal and fruit because I really felt like I went out for lunch.  It was that good.  I would definitely go there again...if I have to.笑
I've gotten food from here a handful of times.  It's pretty good and not super salty like Chipotle.  Plus you get free chips and salsa which rules.  My only complaint is that they are only open until 7.  It sucks because most of the classes on campus go until 9:50 and most get out around 9.  If they were open until 10 they would have me in there at least once or twice a week after class.  It's still a heavy meal and I don't want to eat it before class and risk falling asleep (grad school is not cheap) so I don't get to eat there as often as I'd like.笑
A welcome addition to the worsening cafeteria scene. It has replaced the LaSalsa which was also mexican place. The difference between this one and the other Moe's is that it does not have a Chipotle like bar where you can pick and choose ingredients. Because this place is the same set up as LaSalsa. you have to order whatever you want on your salad or burrito at the time of ordering and that also limits you from making sure that the quantities of each ingredient is per your taste. 

The food is mostly fresh and palatable. They have good selection of salsa on the bar to choose from and they are consistently good. Every dish is served with some freshly made chips. I have not ordered anything other the their Art Vandalay Jr (based on Seinfeld). It is a filing with chips and salsa.