This the most wackest McDonald's cashiers , managers and the rest of employees are on their phone literally talking on the phone with their hand up to their ear lady in the blue which I'm assuming is the manager says nothing customers are standing waiting for assistance this bout the worst McDonald's ever and I'm a Visting from Las Vegas the customer service here is HORRID笑
Terrible terrible terrible soda that tasted just like syrup, absolutely disgusting... The fries weren't even warm and I got told I couldn't have more than 1 sauce for my ten chicken nuggets. Terrible customer service never coming back if I'm in the area again笑
I hate to admit it, but Cleveland kind of scares me. I was birding at Wendy Park on Whiskey Island when my blood sugar dropped and I needed to eat right away. I looked on Google maps and this McDonalds was close. I was scared but went in. This was seriously the best McDonalds lunch I have ever had. The quarter pounder was piping hot and made correctly for my special order. The fries were hot and perfectly cooked. The Coke was perfect, too. And the staff smiled and seemed like they actually liked working there.笑
This McDonalds gave me Sars or something. Did a late night run for some fries a couple nights ago. Fries were soggy, stale and had a peculiar taste. A few hours later my throat felt swollen and now I have full blown fevers, aches, dizziness, wheezing, congestion.

I should also add that my fries were supposedly not ready yet and that I had to pull up to a spot to wait for them. Upon receiving them, the random un-uniformed supposed McDonalds employee turned and walked to his car to leave and drive away. I guess his shift could have been up and this was pretty innocent and normal but I felt like I was part of a drug deal/drop or something.

I am certain I got sick from here because I hadn't had any other contact with any door-handle, persons, pens, etc. within a three-day window due to work at home...and now that I'm sick haven't had any since either aside from my girlfriend who's been with me the entire timespan. Yeah she's sick too now.

Thanks, McDonalds.

P.S. Happy Birthday and Anniversary Week to me. Damn you, golden arches.