Love love love Teriyaki Madness! As a returning customer, I appreciate knowing that my food is always fresh and cooked to order. My spicy chicken was so tender, perfectly cooked and flavored! This food is seriously addictive and the customer service is amazing!笑
Went her for lunch with my kids, nieces and sister.  Ordered the spicy chicken with fried rice and veggies.  Everything was hot.  The chicken was delicious.  First time going to this location.  They had satellite radio playing and let me tell you,  we hung out for like an extra hour just talking and enjoying the music.  Good job on that!  Restaurant was nice and clean and the ladies room was too.笑
I moved to Las Vegas in 2001. Shortly after i discovered teriyaki madness. I can't say enough about the food it has always been great. I have been a loyal customer since. On Sunday my wife stopped on the way home to pick up food and left her brand new iPhone 6 behind. The staff found it and locked it away knowing someone would come back for it. This just reinforces my good feelings for this place. Not only do they have great food they are honest and trustworthy.笑
Worst customer service ever! I drove across town after placing an order & the girl repeated order back to me. I got there & she over charged me & then told me I'd have to wait for my food that came up because they were making me a different 1 with less. She was Completely rude & embarrassed the cashier that completely understood me. I left without my food & will not come back again.笑
This location is a regular stop for me when trying to eat on the healthy side. What I've noticed lately, and the reason that prompted me to post a review finally, is that the staff is always friendly, efficient and the quality of my chicken breast bowls/veggies has been consistently good. This location always seems to have a steady flow of business type customers, yet there is never a very long wait for food. I usally get my food to go, but when I have stayed to eat, I've noticed the dining room tends to be slightly dirty. It's not terrible, but because of the amount of traffic, more attention to wiping the tables and a mid day floor mopping or sweeping would be a good thing for a restaurant that obviously tries hard already.笑
A trusty place to eat for good teriyaki. Love the spicy chicken. The wife like being able to choose her veggies.笑
I went in there yesterday afternoon and let me just tell you. Everything was great. this girl named Brianna helped me out with my order since I never been here.She brought my food to my table. I got a spicy chicken plate the wife got a salmon bowl and i order a side of crab Rangoon..The food was excellent couldn't have been better. The place was clean even with all the busyness the 2 girls kept cleaning tables and keeping the place running. Over all will be coming back often!笑
Very good.  Awesome teriyaki,  healthy ,quick meal. Had the teriyaki chicken, white rice was great. Next time will try the teriyaki beef.           The teriyaki sauce is delicious...  We have a location in Colleyville Tx now.笑
The best teriyaki in town :) finally one that's in center Vegas :) highly recommended fast food笑
Bomb dot com. Very healthy and delicious food. I wish it was a little less priced. Get the spicy chicken with brown rice, cant beat it!笑
Costumer service is great! Place is clean! Food is good! BUT a bit over priced in my opinion for a basic teriyaki meal. I wish they'd add more food on the menu笑
I've had excellent meals at another location, so I stopped by this location recently when I was nearby. The order takers were young and looked bored/unenthused. Loud and at times offensive dance music was being played through the house speakers. When an order was ready, the server didn't have a very loud voice and often looked frustrated that nobody could hear her call out the names.

When my food finally arrived (the spicy chicken plate) the chicken had been overcooked and spiced unevenly. The noodles were good, and so were the vegetables -- still a good value for your money considering the quantity of food -- but this is not the place to have a quality relaxing meal. Overall it reminded me of a high school cafeteria with dance music. I will eat at the other location if I want this food again.笑
New Teriyaki place located off of Blue Diamond Rd in the parking lot with Albertson's.  Staff is friendly and will greet you right away when you walk in.  This is my second time going here (sorry I forgot to YELP the first time).  I was very pleased that you can have brown rice versus white rice.  My food has always come out promptly and I never feel rushed to order at the counter.  The first time that I went I had Chicken Teriyaki with brown rice and stir-fry veggies.  The Chicken Teriyaki was great, not over cooked and flavorful.  My brown rice was made perfectly and fresh.  Now the veggies were sub-par.  The second time that I went I had the Spicy Chicken Teriyaki which was very flavorful and I was happy that there was not a great deal of fat on the chicken pieces (I have noticed that at other establishments).  This time I had a side salad and brown rice, the salad was fresh but there was not anything special about it (the salad dressing was good though and a nice serving size).  The rice again was made fresh and cooked to perfection.  So if you are in the area give them a try.笑
I eat here all the time food is always excellent. But to show up 30 minutes before closing and be told your 'out of food' is a load of BS! It just amounts to being Sunday and they want to go home early. Guess I'll find somewhere else to eat for now on that won't tell me their 'out of food' a half hour before closing.笑
Delicious chicken teriyaki bowl with veggies! Sometimes I indulge in their crab rangoons, too...tasty little morsels!笑
I always used to go to Teriyaki madness was amazing .decided to go there for lunch today and I found out the crab Rangoon's  they changed were so amazing ... they replaced it with crap .....and the potstickers they changed were so dry and crappy and this place isn't cheap ..... Looks like the food quality is going down .... Such a shame笑
I get take out from here at least once a week. Love the spicy chicken plate low carb style, always hits the spot!笑
Great teriyaki, as always. Customer service was ok. Location was great as it's in a plaza with other establishments.笑
Don't go to the blue diamond location. The food is bland and undercooked. The Maryland location has been a favorite of ours, but when we tried the Blue Diamond location it was awful !!! Spend the gas and go to the Maryland location !笑
When I lived over in the area of Maryland Parkway and Silverado Ranch Blvd., I used to be a frequent patron of the TM in front of the 24 Hour Fitness! I loved it! Had it at least 2-3 times a week!

Fast forward about 9 months and it's been a while since I last had a wonderful teriyaki chicken bowl from Teriyaki Madness....that is, up until tonight. You see, I never realized that I had one around the corner from my new place of residence until just a few weeks ago! I was pumped to go enjoy another brimming bowl of pure bliss and tastiness!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sqgW-2orQQg

Wow! What a letdown!

This TM location actually has a pretty nice sized dining area with a couple of TV's (playing playoff basketball when I came in tonight, btw...nice!). The young lady who took my order was friendly and very cordial. I go to sit down and wait for my to-go order, while catching some NBA playoff hoops. Less than 5 minutes later, my food is ready! Sweet!! I am LOVING this place!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sqgW-2orQQg

When I get home and get ready to dig in and do some damage...this is what I see..

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/teriyaki-madness-las-vegas-9?select=1AqyzACkewpQECTVEFIFBQ

OK, um....where is the rest of it?? This is easily the skimpiest portion I have ever received at a TM. For almost $8 for a chicken bowl, can I please get some more rice, at least??? What was there tasted great, especially the meat...but I was definitely shortchanged in the portion department tonight!

I honestly wish I could say I'll give them another shot, but you have sooo many great options in the area to choose from...why roll the dice with a place that has no problem shorting their customers??

Disappointing.

I've definitely experienced MUCH better ....even at other Teriyaki Madness locations.

2 stars.

One and done.笑
Hands down the best teriyaki chicken I've ever tried. Every Time I go to Las Vegas I always go to this joint. The spicy chicken teriyaki and spicy edamame are both delicious! 

It's affordable and delicious.笑
Still only three stars in my book but they have changed the saltiness of the spicy chicken. 

This time around I really enjoyed it. It had a good amount of spice and there was enough sauce to coat my veggies lightly. Normally my bowl is full of water from the veggies but this time whoever was cooking knew how to steam veggies properly. Thank you!! 

I always get a spicy chicken bowl with all veggies and this was the first time I didn't douce my meal in teriyaki sauce...the spicy sauce was that good. 

As always, super convenient location. Great, attentive service, Super fast meal prep and decent, semi healthy "fast" food.笑
I've been here a few times now. I always order the spicy chicken bowl. It comes with good amount of flavorful spicy chicken, rice, and vegetables.  Sometimes I feel like making it even spicier so I add Sriracha sauce.  

The place it self always looks clean to me, big and empty and maybe a couple other customer...笑
It's about what you'd expect. Good, but too expensive!

My husband ordered the yakisoba plate which was a generous portion.

I ordered the teriyaki bowl. Again, a fair portion. 

Admittedly, the veggies are fresh, but mostly cabbage.

We did order an appetizer of potstickers and 2 drinks. 

Our meal was $24!!! I could have spent much less at Panda Express and been full.

Doubtful that I would visit this establishment again.笑
The food is really good.  Choice of rice I really like.  Prices are even more attractive.  Customer service is right on point.  Lot of kids work here but they are a cut above the usual young employees you find elsewhere.  These are well trained and polite and quick笑
Customer service is amzaing! Once you enter in you get welcomed right away which is a great start. My food order didn't even take like other place I've been to. Now once I come to this side of town I'll look foward coming here to eat.笑
Food was quick and tasty. I had the spicy teriyaki chicken and katsu chicken. It was well seasoned and not too try overall very good !笑
Very good. Not a bad experience. 

Just got a beef bowl, brown rice, and stir fried. Very good, and I'd go back when I want to grab a quick bowl. Extra sauce is always good! So if you're craving teriyaki, you cant go wrong with this place. 

I also loved the fact they have fried tofu as well. I'm trying that next time I go there!笑
Everything in the menu is delicious. Probably here once a week. I may have an addiction. Lol笑
The food was very good.
I took spicy chicken plate, very recommended if you like little bit spicy food.
I didn't wait more than 10 min and it was ready. 
Good place with health food笑
Really don't appreciate ordering take away, getting back to my office & the chicken looked off & wasn't even heated properly!  

This isn't a situation where my meal cooled because of the drive. 

This is a situation where the chicken strips in my Chicken Breast bowl were ICE COLD!  Like defrosted, but looked heated but tasted cold like an ice cube. 

Never going back. Whole Foods is the same price and it's cooked fresh. Unlike this place ... who apparently uses a microwave to heat frozen chicken out of a bag bought from Costco's frozen section!!!! 

It not only looked like frozen microwaved chicken (dry & stringy), the pieces of the chicken strip that weren't frozen & actually heated tasted dry. 

I'm saying heated instead of cooked. You don't COOK food in a microwave. You heat or defrost food in a microwave. Huge difference. 

If you want FRESH FOOD, you won't get it here.笑
Horrible food! Do not eat here. So disappointed because service was nice not the food. Spent $23 on food that was not edible. We ordered one plate to share and two appetizers and one drink. Ridiculous prices for greasy shrimp dripping in oil. Burnt rangoons and chicken teriyaki so dry it was like eating sawdust then one side which was a teaspoon of macaroni salad that no joke was the side with the plate! No kidding it came in a sauce cup the kind you get ranch dressing in !!! Should have gone to the place next door! Cafe Rio but we wanted to try something different because Cafe Rio is our "go to" and is always perfect!  Lesson learned this place was the WORST!!!! Don't make our mistake go to yummy Cafe Rio take this horrible teriyaki madness off the list.笑
Food is alright nothing to brag about.  Service on the other hand needs help.  Let me start by describing our experience from the moment we walked into the store.  Everything was great up until we ordered.  No one was in line so it went south very fast.  The girl helping us "seemed" nice, but detracted.  There was another customer eating and started complaining about her order.  The girl taking our order was more interested in that conversation than our order.  My boyfriend ordered a chicken bowl for himself and an orange chicken for me.  We asked is they had water cups and she said yes and gave us one cup for 1 people.  I guess you have to be very literal at this place.  We got our order with in 5 mins.  They were both chicken bowls and no orange chicken.  We took it back up to the counter and she looked at us and acted like we told her 2 chicken bowls.  A guy comes around the counter and slams the receipt and she says "it's going to take a few mins." 

Mistakes happen we understand.  We both work in the service industry.  But no apology? And the attitude we get is not appreciated. Some advice to the manager of this store.  Your employees will drive your business down, you should find someone who can pay attention and is willing to admit when they mess up.笑
Customer service was fantastic. Couldn't ask for better service. Food was also fantastic.笑
Usually my experience at Teriyaki Madness is nothing short of great.  The food is always fresh & the staff is always friendly.  However, my most recent experience was not a positive one.  

I called ahead to order a spicy veggie plate (no meat).  Sandra (the supervisor) told me that they can only make veggie dishes in bowls, not plates.  I explained that I simply wanted to sub veggies for meat in the size of a plate.  She put me on hold for a minute, and then told me she would do that for me and that my order would be ready for pick up in 10 minutes.

When I arrived the food was ready and I was helped by a young male cashier, who was very polite.  He told me the price would be $10.38 for my veggie & rice plate.  This confused me because this is even more expensive than a Chicken Breast Plate...  When I asked him why the veggies were so much more expensive he said he was a new employee and directed me to Sandra.  She proceeded to tell me that there's no button on their POS system for a veggie plate and that was the reason it was so expensive.  This still didn't make sense to me because on my receipt she charged me $7.09 for a veggie bowl and then an additional "open food charge" of $2.49...  Sandra insisted there was nothing she could do to lessen the price because there's no "button" on their system and she walked away to help other customers.  $10.38 is a lot of money to pay for white rice, cabbage, & broccoli.  Especially when the chick breast is cheaper!

Having worked in the food and beverage industry for many years (I even worked at Teriyaki Madness in my younger years) I know that there are ways to add, change, or delete certain charge amounts for "open food" charges.   

I rarely write negative reviews because I'm usually pretty understanding, but this situation was not handled professionally.  Sandra wasn't rude, but her lack of ability to work the POS system or find the right "buttons" does not reflect the competency of a supervisor.   Instead, it shows laziness & that guest satisfaction is not important.

This situation may sound small, but it's the small inconveniences like this that drive customers away.笑
I love rice bowls anyways!!! They are so quick. I was in and out within 5 minutes and got me a beef teriyaki bowl with veggies!笑
I've been wanting to try this place, despite not being a huge fan of teriyaki. The cashier was very friendly and informative. He ended up asking me if this was my first time here. When I told him it was, he gave me a free soda!  As I was finishing my meal, he was cleaning up the lobby and asked me how it was. I told him it was good. We discussed the food for a bit and he told me how he enjoyed the spicy dish as well and it's one of the reasons he opened this restaurant. You gotta love an owner that is willing to put on the same uniform and do the same work as his employees. Kudos to him.

Oh...and the food was good too.笑
This was the most delicious Teriyaki Madness I've ever had.  This location is new, fresh, and outstanding.  Keep doing what you're doing guys!笑
A man cave with Teriyaki bowls. 

Seriously, when I got here it was a straight up sausage party, probably because it's all about the meaty portions and the giant flat screens that are only playing ESPN one and two. 

I ordered the spicy chicken plate with brown rice, a chicken egg roll, and a house salad. The portions here are massive, I mean when you definitely get what you paid for, but it is a chain restaurant so small prices and big portions are the name of the game. 

The chicken was very good and seasoned well with just a hint of spice. It could have been spiced a little more, but I like a da spicy! I only had a few bites of rice, but it was cooked well and the salad was your basic side salad with house dressing, a nice break from the mountains of meat placed in front of me. 

The chicken egg roll was a tad overcooked, but I actually enjoy the crunch and slight bitter taste of a slightly burnt egg roll.  

It's a chain restaurant yes, this I know, but sometimes you just want to eat and dash with no frills.笑
For fast food Japanese I got to admit I am impressed.  The beef teriyaki is so tender and delicious.  Their terra yaks is is thick and sweet.  I love their teriyaki sauce as it is some of the best I ever had.   
  My wife loves their yakisoba which is freshly made with lots of veggies.  The brown rice is perfect with the beef teriyaki.  The Macaroni salad is quite tasty but since it is my daughter favorite I rarely get any.  We have gotten the Gyoza, Shrimp Tempura and fried wontons and they are all very good.  
   Their prices are quite reasonable and they text deals at least bi/weekly.  The staff is always friendly and helpful.   The inside is simple but always clean and inviting.  We get their food at least twice a month at a minimum.  They are great for lunch and dinner.笑
Since my last review they have improved and food is always on par. They have happy and positive employees that keep me coming back. My only critique is to check your food before you leave. Sometimes they forget your sides. I order the same thing twice a week and I don't get my salad half the time but I'm so hungry I don't have time to drive back lol. Love the steamed veggies!笑
This place is surprisingly delicious! 

My boyfriend and I came here to eat for our lunch break. It was definitely a good choice! 

The cashiers were nice and the food got out in about 7-10 minutes. The bowls come with stir fried veggies. I ordered a beef bowl and a chicken teriyaki bowl. 

The beef teriyaki bowl was pretty good! The veggies were cooked perfectly and I could tell that they were fresh. The beef tasted more like bulgogi though.

The chicken teriyaki was amazing! It's definitely worth every penny. The chicken was juicy and the sauce just tasted perfect!

I must admit, I was surprised!  It just expected another panda express kind of place (which I like) but it was much better. 

Another upside was that the place was spotless so I feel a bit better about eating there. 

The only downside was that the plates were $1-$2 just so that you could choose the side instead of getting rice? I didn't really understand that part. Maybe there's more meat too? I'll try it out next time. 
No drink combos with the bowls and plates. Only for the kids menu.笑
Great place to eat for lunch or any part of the day if you are looking for a simple meal. It is located in a decent location off of Blue Diamond and Decatur. 

When you walk inside it has a pretty big dinning room to eat and there usually isn't any problem finding a table whenever I come here. 

Menu is painless to read. First you choose the type of protein(s) such as chicken or beef. Next is the base such as rice, veggies or noodles. And last, a side such as veggies or a salad. If you brought the little kids, they also offer a special menu for them. 

They also offer side items such as eggrolls, pot stickers, crab rangoons, shrimp tempura and/or edamame. All the items are reasonable price and my favorite are the pot stickers and crab rangoons. 

I usually order the beef teriyaki, brown rice and the mac salad. I top it off with their teriyaki sauce and siracha. I mix my food around so I could get an evenly blend of my food to eat. 

Overall I enjoy my meal and the staff are genuinely nice.笑
Always good food. Ownership is very involved. Clean, friendly staff, most importantly consistent.笑
Great help and food, but CLEAN YOUR TABLES and restaurants. Stay on top of no swaying furniture and what seems to be dirty towels when wiping the tables. Streaks of dirtiness.笑
Food was enjoyable and there was plenty. I just hate when restaurants cheapen the quality of the meat. The steak used to be actual steak but is now a cheap philly steak type of thing and charging for the sauce that used to be put on the food is a bit much as well.笑
Amazing teriyaki chicken bowl! I love it , huge portion and great taste . If there was a little bit more veggies it would be perfect but overall very great place.笑
Been here several times and the staff has always been always nice.  The same cashier has rang me up at least 3 previous times and she has been consistently friendly.  I normally order the stir fried yakisoba noodles but today I tried the bowl with spicy chicken, veggies, and noodles as the base.  I also requested all white meat (I didn't know I can do that until the cashier said I could, cool!) I poured the teriyaki sauce over the entire bowl and this gave me a good combination of sweet,spicy, and salty.  I also like how the veggies are cooked, fresh and not soggy or well done.  Usually when ordering a bowl you have too much rice/noodles left over, in this case, I had too much chicken which is not a complaint.  I like this place a lot and will definitely be coming back.笑
My husband and I LOVE the spicy chicken bowl here. We could eat this clean low calorie food every single day. The chicken thigh pieces are a combination of crispy, salty and sweet on a bed of sticky brown rice and a side of perfectly steamed crunchy broccoli. Yum笑
Food here is ok, egg rolls are really good.    Service was excellent.   If you like Hawaiian style teriyaki, you will not be disappointed.笑
I have visited this store multiple times and have never been disappointed. I usually get lucky enough to have Cira as my server, who is absolutely delightful. She always greets me with a smile and makes me feel like she really cares that I have the best experience possible. Tonight I also had the pleasure of meeting another employee, Briana, who was equally helpful. The food here is amazing, I have visited another location, but the food and staff do not compare to this location. I am an ex restaurant manager, so I feel it is important to give thanks where they are do. To the manager, I thank you for obviously caring about your employees and customers; your employees would not be so incredibly awesome if you didn't care.笑
Please understand that my teriyaki bar is set pretty high, as I'm originally from Hawai'i. 

I opted for chicken katsu, because I haven't had it in so long. The breading definitely wasn't panko, and it was overcooked, so the chicken was a dry and lacking much flavor. The katsu sauce just tasted off. Sort of tasted like mild BBQ sauce with a dash of cinnamon - very strange. The rice and veggies had very little flavor also. What made it all taste good were the few slivers of onion in the veggies and the little bit of teriyaki sauce I also received.

As I was writing this review, I realized my flavor experience was more akin to 2/5 stars instead of 3 - and I rarely give out 2 stars. Sorry, guys. You missed the mark.笑
Had take out from here tonight. Terrible experience. Wait time was so freaking long. Tons of customers came in after me and left before me. Staff didn't care. 8 people working in the back no one even acknowledged that I've been waiting forever. Then asked what's taking so long they said, "oh your order is next". What!?! I've been here for 30 minutes! People have come and gone long after me and I'm still next!?! 
Anyways, of course the food was cold. I only live 4 minutes alway. This place sucks. I guess you can say they left a bad taste in my mouth.笑
The best teriyaki chicken with brown rice, addicting.
The sound system there sounds better than most too with 2 big HD tvs.笑
This one of our favorite places to eat with our kids. The Chicken Teriyaki plate is the perfect size for our kids to share. They love the delicious flavor and the salads that accompany the plates. We normally order an additional salad because they are small portions. 



Highly recommend for families on the run for alternative option to fast food. We have always had a positive experience and have been regular customers for years.笑
Love this place first started going off to the one on Warmsprings been going to this one lately just because it's on the way to everything that I do in town always consistent love the spicy beef and chicken combo macaroni salad is out of this world笑
Great food, and great customer service. The best Teriyaki location I have been too. The manager or franchise owner is really nice and engaging!笑
I love this place. Except when I show up at 8:50 pm and they lock their doors. The hour clearly state open til 9  on Sundays. They saw me and never opened the door for me. It's a shame some employees  don't like to work!!! Too bad I didn't videotape them. You would've seen me trying to open the door many times and everybody just looking out me. I wonder what the owner what do you if he/she found out the employees are closing early.笑
I love their chicken. This is one of my daughters favs. It's simple and fresh and their sauce is great. Sometimes I combo up half spicy chicken/regular chicken. No matter what I've never been disappointed with Teriyaki Madness. Now their bowls come with the veggies. Yay!! So happy to see them expanding. They are waayyyy better than Ur average panda express.笑
This place is legit! The food has great taste, clean, fresh ingredients, and the staff are friendly and service with a smile. I will always be back to eat here.笑
The food at Teriyaki Madness is fine. It is nothing exceptional but the portions are nice sized, the veggies are fresh. I tend to go to T-Mad when I am in the mood for Panda Express but want to pretend I am eating healthy. I come to this particular location when I am on my lunch break. Actually to be more accurate, I used to.. 

I can no longer frequent this location for lunch because of the slowness. Despite calling my order in before arriving, without fail I end up waiting 10-15 minutes for my order. And this is after being told on the phone that my order would be ready in... you guessed it... 10-15 minutes. 

This would not be nearly as irritating if it was evident that the employees were doing all they could to get orders out quickly. Instead there are people standing around or engaging in horseplay.  There is nothing wrong with enjoying what you do and having fun on the job, but get orders out first. 

I can't use the 'my food wasn't ready when I got there' as an excuse to be late getting back to work for lunch anymore, so this Teriyaki Madness is no longer on my lunch rotation.笑
Five stars because its fresh, affordable and the portions are huge. If you like Flame Broiler, you'll love this place. It's as good as Waba Grill. The veggies are stir fried and their menu has a little more variety. I'm glad I tracked this place down. I'll be back whenever I hit Vegas.笑
I have only been here 2x but the food is quick and delicious! I love the chicken teriyaki bowl and the chicken noodles. I ate the whole dish within a day to myself! Tonight I am trying the beef noodles, the edamame and the egg roll. Everything tastes fresh and well seasoned. I will be a regular here I can already tell. I highly recommend!笑
Had a rocky start, but I'm coming back for more! I had a dissatisfying first experience, but the owner took care of everything and I'm totally willing to try again for the delicious food!笑
Fast and delicious food. Phone orders always ready when promised. Food is always fresh. Friendly workers.笑
We visited this location for lunch, keep in mind most places of employment only allow one hour for lunch. As we entered this teriyaki madness location we were greeted by the owner Randy, Randy took our order, and assured us it would be just a few minutes, I ordered a spicy chicken bowl with noodles only, which would mean no vegetables. Randy asked if I wanted vegetables I simply said no thank you. We waited patiently for our meal, however, when they brought our meals to us, my girlfriends order was correct, however my lunch was spicy chicken teriyaki bowl with noodles and vegetables. I simply explained to the girl, that was incorrect all I wanted was a spicy teriyaki chicken bowl with noodles only. She grabbed  the bowl off the table never said a word and walk back into the kitchen. We waited for anywhere between 6 to 8 minutes later, and I still had no lunch insight. So I approach the counter once again, and asked Randy for the telephone number to the store because I would like to speak to the manager, at this point I wasn't sure if they were making a new lunch or what? Randy said to me, well what is it that you need with the store manager because I'm the owner? I answered I just want my lunch, he said what what's wrong with your lunch, I replied I ordered a spicy teriyaki chicken bowl with noodles only, he said no you didn't, you ordered vegetables. I said no sir i ordered noodles only no vegetables no meaning none. He turned around and looked at the kitchen and said well didn't they make you a new one they should be making you a new one it's coming right up what is the problem? And I said the problem is by now my girlfriend is halfway done with her lunch by the time I received my lunch it'll be time to go back to work and I won't even get to eat lunch. and he said to me, well it a only be a minute, it should have only taking a minute to make you a new one so what is the problem? I didn't feel like arguing with this guy that it is now been an additional 10 minutes plus since I've been waiting for them to remake a new lunch, keep in mind I've now been waiting 20 plus minutes just for my order. It seemed like Randy could care less about anybody else's time and it was almost a privilege to step through the front door of his restaurant, he was very disrespectful with his attitude and his tone along with his comments. as my order finally came to the window he handed it to me and with this smart tome to his voice said, see. Now have a nice day. As I walked away from the counter I look back to see Randy motioning in my direction laughing with the next customer in line as if it was a giant joke and rolling his eyes at me. I don't think making a joke or talking about a customer behind their back and being disrespectful towards them is very funny. As I left the restaurant it angered me once again because I was not able to eat my entire lunch due to time restraints. I felt somebody else above him should know about his actions his comments, and his disrespect and his attitude towards customers, so I approach the counter one last time, and please keep in mind I just did not want any more conflict with this guy I tried to take the upper road one last time. So I asked the girl behind the counter to make sure his name was Randy, he interrupts the customer that is standing in front of him to look at me and say look buddy what did you want me to do give you a free bowl or something?! I replied to him, No, actually a little less attitude a little respect and a simple apology would have gone a long way. And he said well the girl told me you acted as if you are mad at her, I replied no I simply told her it was the wrong order and I would like the correct order that's all. Keep in mind this is all taking place while he is in the middle of taking an order he actually took the time away from another customer to engage myself?? Then with another smart aleck tone and with the flick of his hand as if to say,get out of my store he says well I apologize! And then asks how's that? And I said, had it been genuine I would probably accept it. He says to me oh well have a nice day! Treating customers like this and acting like Captain Jack Ass, is completely ridiculous. He will treat enough customers like this and eventually he won't be able to make his payment to the teriyaki madness franchise. So I warn you, this guy Randy, number one, definitely feels like it is a privilege for you to walk through the door, number two, your time is definitely not important, it's his time and his time only that means anything. Number 3, if you feel like being disrespected and treated like a moron and being spoke to with an attitude, go there and see Randy.笑
Come here for the orange chicken.
Food is great, location is great.

The amount of tables inside have them ready for a lot of people to eat in, but there never seems to be a lot of people to stay and eat.

It's a fairly new place to this side of town(that I know of) but I def come here to eat than panda.笑
Great place to eat. Cheap, tasty and healthy. Highly recommended!笑
Not only is the food here great, the quality of meat and amazing teriyaki sauce is addicting! My husband and I drove off the strip to dine here and the food did not disappoint! Plus the owner of this location is hands on in helping to ensure the best costumer service is received from this location. I can not say enough great things about this place, I plan on visiting weekly!笑
Coming from SoCal I was in love wit Waba Grill. Being that there isn't any here in Vegas yet, teriyaki madness is the closest thing! They have a decent selection when it comes to proteins then you can opt for low carb, rice, or brown rice. Good food good service and no complaints. Healthy gainz!笑
I came here a couple of times and the first time wasn't as great. My rice was undercooked the first time around but I gave this place a try again, and it was great. My fiancè ordered the Chicken Katsu and I ordered the Chicken Teryaki, we did ask for double rice instead of having the steamed veggies, and they were able to do that for us. We. Also added in their dumplings and a drink, which made our total come out to about $24. If you dine in the drinks are free refills and there are soy sauces conveniently placed on the tables for you. The taste is good but portioning is more on the smaller side. This location is clean and big in my opinion versus the other locations.笑
Delicious food, great friendly inviting staff, always pleasant and smiling and the dinner area is always clean.  
All the menu items are great.  Most favorite for our family is the chicken and beef.  Fresh vegetables and fresh salad...and a bottle of sauce to go. Keeps everyone satisfied and happy!笑
Not bad for the price. Mac salad needs to be seasoned better the one I got tasted pretty bland. Stir fry veggies needs to be cooked a little bit more and a better chicken for the katsu could be used, store bought just don't cut it for quality. The upside is the store is very clean and inviting. I would come back again but  would try something on the menu that hopefully would blow me away.笑
i love eating here because the spicy chicken is the bomb..whether you get a plate or salad its so tasty. i also love the dressing that they use for the salad delish.笑
The teriyaki sauce was awesome but we made the mistake of ordering the chicken bowl instead of "chicken breast bowl". Therefore, our meat was all fat and chewy.笑
My go-to "it's 5:30 I'm off work and extra lazy" spot. I always call in my order, and to my surprise, they always know exactly what I'm going to order and it's ready fresh everytime I get there. 

The katsu bowl is fire y'all. I drench it with katsu sauce and like 10 tubs of their teriyaki sauce. 

While I don't venture off on their limited menu often, the spicy chicken is just as tasty. 

Teriyaki madness is bae!笑
BEST teriyaki bowl EVER!!!! From the taste and food quality to the decor and atmosphere this location is the best location! 

The taste and quality has always been the same, that is hard to find at other restaurants. The employees are so delightful, happy, cheerful and welcoming. Not many places have such happy people working. 

The price is fair, I usually cannot finish my teriyaki bowl so I end up with left overs. I think 2 meals for under $10 is a pretty decent. They don't charge for extra sauces either, that is rare and very appreciated. 

If you want a quick, healthy, fairly priced meal. Stop by teriyaki madness!! I guarantee you will not be disappointed in anything that you try. 

Parking can be challenging to some.... It doesn't hurt to walk a little. Especially after indulging in some incredible food.笑
Waited forever and a day for my teriyaki bowl with white meat and vegetables. Nothing special. Price maybe $8 or so. Size was too large and nothing special. Flame broiler is way better.笑
Spicy chicken, spicy beef, you cannot go wrong when ordering. The benefit to this restaurant is they offer healthy sides such as grilled veggies and brown rice with your order.笑
Like all the other teriyaki madness locations in town...amazing!! This place takes it one step further with phone number remembrance that will ask if you'd like the same order, very convenient!

Love the spicy chicken bowl!笑
In the last couple weeks I've heard a lot about Teriyaki madness so I had I go try it out for myself. I went Monday around 6pm, and the place was empty! Not a good sign. The first thing I noticed was the few selections on the menu. Kinda like chipotle. I just ordered the traditional teriyaki chicken bowl. I had mine with white rice and salad. 

The teriyaki was very tasty! I thoroughly enjoyed the meal, even tho I had way too much rice vs teriyaki. The salad was subpar. Nothing to talk about. The drink selection was limited to fountain drinks. For all the hype I've heard about this place, quite frankly I expected a lot more. Very comparable to your fast food Panda Express, or chipotle and honestly, id rather go to those places...

-Joseph笑
I've been here twice and both times were very satisfying. I've only tried the chicken teriyaki with vegetables and brown rice. The chicken is very tender and not dry. The teriyaki sauce they pour over the chicken is not too thick and has the perfect level of consistency and richness. There's really not a lot to say other than to try this place if you're looking for a good teriyaki place! Prices are reasonable.笑
I eat here like once a week. Super friendly staff. The place is always clean. I call my orders in on my way home from work and they're always ready on time. Very consistent every time. Don't stray from the chicken teriyaki bowls.笑
I eat here almost every other day. The food is consistently good and the service is excellent.笑
I've been in the Vegas area for 5 weeks and I've been to the restaurant 3 times. I've ordered the spicy chicken with vegetables a d the crab rangoons. I have 3 words for the food. De-lish-us. Delicious!!! I have found my new favorite spot.笑
TMAD!!! Best teriyaki place in town. I've been to multiple TMAD locations but this one tops them all!! Spaces and clean, with top notch service that will compete with the best steakhouses in town. Yup I said it!  When you call to place a "to-go" order, the plug your number into some system and answer saying your name then ask if you would like to place the same order as last time!! It's so amazing and so convenient especially when your order isn't easy. I wish I knew the name of the guy working the front because he deserves a shout out (young blonde guy mid 20s). Well back to my orange chicken combo plate, it's too damn good!!!笑
I love teriyaki bowls ! I seen the sign off the freeway, i had to stop by and check it out. I fell in love with the noodles and the spicy chicken teriyaki bowl!笑
Great food.. Great service. Friendly staff. The teriyaki bowl is superb. I usually call ahead to order and it's always done in the amount of time they tell me.笑
Food is pretty good. I like the spicy chicken bowl after a good workout. Customer service could use a little work but other than that no complaints.笑
Patricia has redeemed my faith in this location. She was prompt and courteous on the phone. Prompt and courteous when I came in to pick-up my order. Friendly and accommodating to a modification I requested to my order, and sincere in her concern that it was correct. I have additionally returned several times now without any issues. Hope the location will keep up the good work!笑
A fast food teriyaki bowl food chain. This place is good for a quick lunch. I order my food, sit down, watch whatever game is playing and than my order is out. I haven't tried anything else but the spicy chicken bowl. It's a good sized bowl with spicy chicken, mixed veggies and rice. If you want to be healthy you can ask for brown rice. The portion is just right and the bowl is inexpensive.笑
This place is the best. Always fast and clean. Chicken always cooked perfectly and the sauce is very tasty. I usually get the chicken teriyaki bowl. Wife always gets spicy chicken bowl (which is great as well). Everything is inexpensive ($15 for 2 bowls)笑
I'm sure the food here is great, but I haven't even gotten it yet. It was me and one other person waiting in front of me in line in an empty restaurant with two employees at the registers. Both employees were tied up on the phone taking to-go orders and it felt like it eternity. 

Employee also wasn't very good at understanding my question when I asked him what the difference between an entrée low-carb chicken meal was and a veggies only with chicken plate was. The chicken plate with veggies was about two dollars cheaper so I figured I would ask.

Anyways there are still about six people sitting in chairs now with no food in front of them and I'm sure at least a half dozen or more takeout/delivery orders that they are working on so I doubt that I will be getting my food anytime soon. I sure have not gotten it while I wrote this fairly long review so what does that tell you?笑
The spicy chicken is amazing. Double meat? Yes please.笑
The spicy teriyaki chicken is everything! A must try.  also, the grilled veggies and brown nice.笑
Food is on par with the others in town.  However this location likes to charge you for food and then not give it to you.  Glad I tipped for takeout.  How hard is it to make sure everything ordered is in the bag?  I guess it's my bad since I didn't check to make sure they did their job.笑
Let's keep this short and sweet as this is a upper tier qsr (quick service restaurant)...

If you are looking for the Japanese/Hawaiian equivalent of Panda Express but 10x better...than this is the spot! 

Spicy Chicken is an essential to get on any plate/bowl

Noodles is pretty good for the extra charge

Very fresh...good quality...excellent food...nuff said笑
Update:

I did not have a pleasant experience when trying to phone in my order. I ended up going in and the same cashier that I attempted to place an order with was the same not-so pleasant cashier. However, to turn a negative situation into a HUGE positive, the owner called me and apologized for what happened. For this reason, I am GLAD to give Teriyaki Madness 5 stars. The food is truly delicious!
Their brown rice is one of my favorites! The portions are fairly large and reasonably priced. And, try an egg roll! Addictive!笑
Food was great and the place was super clean- good energy and everybody's smiling 
what more can you ask for??
I got the teriyaki beef and spicy chicken bowl with Gyoza's on the side and everything was on point- thanks for lunch!!笑
Yay, this location is finally open! So glad to have one closer to where I live! Same great menu to choose from. Went in there once to pick up dinner and service was pretty slow. Not sure if that was because it's new and didn't have adequate staffing or what.. Hopefully they improve on that.笑
From the second, we walked in Brianna was nothing but smiles. She treated me and my girlfriend like we were royalty. It was our first time here and she was delightfully helpful. Her smile could light up the whole strip. We will be coming again just because of her. The food was great and the first time I've had Asian food without the guilt笑
Ate there twice while staying Vegas. Got chicken teriyaki once and beef teriyaki once. It's worth the extra money to get the plate versus the bowl because there is much more food. Also got pot stickers and edamame. Edamame was very good. Pot stickers were OK.笑
Place was dirty, took over half an hour for my food which was cold, very disappointed in the quality of my meal for the price I paid.  The one in Warm Springs is MUCH better.笑
I have been coming here at least once a week since they opened and never had a bad meal. 
Usually I order the chicken teriyaki bowl with white rice and veggies, very simple but always delish. Today I tried the spicy chicken bowl the same way (with white rice and veggies) and it was AMAZING! Why have I not tried this before? Not too spicy, and so much flavor. That will be my new order for sure. Try it, your tastebuds will thank you. Oh, and don't forget the egg rolls!! Yummy
I live 5 minutes away and I call my order in, it's always ready to pick up when I arrive, usually when I call they ask if I want the same order as last time which is convenient since my order rarely changes. 
Great food and great service.笑
Food was cold because cashier made me wait over 15min on a PHONE order. Short post for terrible customer service, thanks for cutting my lunch break in half.  Although their food is pretty decent, what made me more upset is that he saw me standing there staring at my food  and didn't even bother to look at it, instead he gives everyone else's orders except mine and clearly he knew I ordered my food 10 minutes before I drove here笑
We came around noon on a Friday so it was pretty packed but the line went quick. I ordered a bowl with katsu chicken & noodles, my husband ordered a plate which came with 2 scoops of white rice, vegetables & tertiary chicken breast. I decided to try the chicken egg roll as well, now normally any cashier will mention if an item will take longer to make or cook & if it's ok for you to wait but this wasn't the case here. We placed our order & watched everyone finish lunch but we were still waiting 20 mins in. We go ask the cashier what's taking long & she said the egg rolls can take 20 to 25 minutes. Ok?! She could have warned us prior to ordering because our food was ready, sitting there getting cold & we were waiting for one small egg roll! Finally our egg roll is done with not so much as a sorry for the wait or the inconvenience & the food was NOT so great & pretty pricey at $25 for 3 items, no drinks. The katsu was a bit dry, noodles were greasy not much flavor, my husband's food was better than mine though as the chicken breast teriyaki was the best part of both meals. The 20 plus minute egg roll? That was so so. We probably won't be coming back.笑
Definitely mad in love with this place. It's hard to find any protein drenched with teriyaki served in a fair quantity for a reasonable price. Simply, I recommend the Chicken Teriyaki Bowl with Rice & Veggies.笑
I've tried the food here a couple of times and I really haven't had the same experience I had when they were located on Warm Springs. Plus I really miss their pork teriyaki, so that really contributes to my review.笑
Great attitude from the staff.. Very friendly and food was fast and delish.
Even tho they had a line they were very efficient on gettting people thru quickly...