TIME OUT!

I smelled like pork, I felt porky and I don't think I would be eating pork for awhile...

When I stepped inside Jang Won, I didn't know I am here for AYCE Korean BBQ. But when I saw every single table were having BBQ.......

You have a choice of 

Sam Gyup Sal (Pork Belly) - $14.99

Bulgogki - $14.99

Mok Sam Gyup Sal (Pork Butt) - $14.99

So Sam Gyup Sal (Beef Belly) - $17.99

We ended up having Pork Belly and Pork Butt. The cut is definitely quite fatty as I was kind of full and in a pork coma after the first round.

The AYCE is quite a good deal as it includes all the banchan, a soup and barley with rice.

Service here is excellent!! When I pressed that bell, some one really came to my table right away!! We were even asked if we want more meat without asking or waving anyone down! The owner even came over and asked us how our meal and walked us to the door!

Tip: if you have 4 people having AYCE, you would get a free bottle of Soju

Tip: There are other Korean food aside from BBQ, I think I going to have those instead

Tip: Lunch Special till 4 pm

Tip: Don't wear your good clothes, the ventilation here is not sufficient.. My phone still smells like pork after I wiped it down...

I can now have a dream full of pork.. oink oinkǾ
Went to check out this new restaurant with the fam. Ordered the kamjatang, kampongii and bibimbap as a bechmark.

The food was alright but the dishes were missing some key ingredients and lacked the finesse of some other establishments. Prices are on the lower side.

The two stars comes from the service.. Overall rather than an individual. The place has at least 110 seats but only had three wait staff (one dedicated clearer and one dedicated server). We'll be waiting for the restaurant to iron out kinks before returning.Ǿ
Number 3 and Number 4. No clue what it is actually called but it comes with Bulgogi, Korean Bbq meat, Korean Side dishes, Rice, Tofu Soup, and two different kinds of salads along with a few other side dishes I am probably forgetting. I usually come here after my morning workout on the weekends and it costs approximately $25 per person including tip. It is all you can eat meat and veggies and totally worth it. The service is great and they are extremely attentive to whatever it is you need.  

I must warn you though...do not come here for the decorations or nice tiles or super cleanliness of the restaurant.  You come here for the food and service and you will satisfied.  There is plenty of parking in the back.  

The Korean Bbq meat and Bulgogi with noodles and salad tastes so wonderful!  Workout hard so you can eat a whole cow and green house of yummy salad!Ǿ
Jang Won is my go-to restaurant for All You Can Eat KBBQ. You can get AYCE pork belly (or SamGyupSal) for the mere price of 15 dollars!

The quality of the meat is decent, but not spectacular. But hey, remember: 15 dollars! What I like most about this place is the quality of their service. Whenever you ask for more meat or veggies, they give it to you post-haste. They respond quickly once you call for them, and they even throw in free bottles of beer or a bottle of Soju if your party exceeds three people.

I'd definitely recommend this place, especially if you're on a student's budget (which I unfortunately am :( ). I'll definitely be back again in the near future.Ǿ
After trying 2 dishes and having another go at their AYCE, I feel the need to drop 2 stars. 

We tried the cutlass fish and the dakdoritang (spicy chicken stew). Both were underwhelming. The problems began before the main dishes arrived. The side dishes were awful. The raddish tasted rotten and the rest of the side dishes also seemed a bit stale. 

The cutlass fish dish was acceptable at best. I was happy about it because it's not easy to find in Canada. I had this first when I was in Korea and had a good impression on it. At Jang Won, it was just edible. The fish not being fresh is like a given in Toronto so it's not that. The problem is the sauce and how the dish is padded with thick raddish at the bottom to make it look bigger. The raddish looked terribly unedible. The dish also came with a tofu stew which I felt would have been better if it wasn't given to begin with. The tofu tasted old/rotten. After one bite I didn't bother to drink the soup. 

The chicken spicy stew was not good but edible. It's another dish that I ordered because it's not common in Toronto and I tried it in Korea. It's basically slow cooked chicken boiled in a spicy stew. The biggest issue was that the chicken was OLD. There needs to be a certain level of chewiness to the chicken and it was lacking. The other problem was the soup base. It lacked punch. Too weak. It reminded me of chicken boiled in water. 

If you come here, stick with the AYCE BBQ.Ǿ
I came here for all you can eat Korean BBQ with my friends. The price for all you can eat is very cheap compared to other places. It is $19.99 per person before tax and tips. The meet quality I would say is okay. The side dishes that comes with everything is also okay. The restaurant itself I would say is a bit run down but still okay in terms of comfort level. The servers there are really nice and friendly. The washrooms situation is not that good.... it is located outside in the back because I think they are undergoing renovations downstairs where the washrooms are. Overall this place is satisfactory. I would come back and try other items on the menu.Ǿ
Just don't go here. In my entire life, I could NOT believe what I saw in my food! Check the photo. I posted one with the giant BUG on it! It was the most well-fed cabbage worm!  

I had Korean food all my life, and NEVER seen a cabbage worm in food like this! 

I gotta tell you, I hate this place so much! I went to this place so much that it's sickening to my stomach to think about how much of dirty shit I have consumed in here! 

My friend who worked there told me that they wash all the raw meat, raw fish all together with the vegetable they serve! isn't that crazy!?!?!?! 

Anyway, ever since that day, I NEVER set my foot there ever again. I told ALL my friends never to go there too!