yes it is a chain
and yes i am sure that if i went to japan they would not have half of the ingredients they feature here
but who cares
it is fresh and tasty and i am sure i will go again and again for their imaginative rollsǾ
I'm not a big fan of chain restaurants or sushi, yet this Sushi Shop puts a smile on my face every time!

The service here is stellar, and I always get the freshest and best ingredients. For what it is, a fast food sushi shop, it's the best around! 

Definitely somewhere you should check out for lunch sometime if you're in the area.Ǿ
We're really picky coming from the west coast.

What was really weird was that it didn't taste like sushi. Instead of sushi, it tasted more like a... rice and fish product. We tried a number of the rolls and the pressed sushi. Of the bunch, the best ones we had were exotic and smoky. Tuna tartare had too much panko (almost half). Tofu pocket was okay.  The wakame lacked flavour and was too dry though. The sushi pizza, you could see that it was deep fried, but it just didn't taste deep fried at all, plus the rice was way too dense. Finally, we tried the dessert sushi, but it's wrapped in rice paper, salad roll style, which is... just not that good. We would not recommend it (and the flavours didn't mix all that well).

Not a place we'd return to.Ǿ
Really inconsistent. I came twice before and the sushi store was closed after 5. What a bummer. But had some good dragon eye the second time round. Not a bad place at all if youre around the block and craving for sushi, if you dont want to travel too long.Ǿ
MASSIVE RIP-OFF!!!! 32 dollars for a tiny box of sushi that wouldn't have fed two people. It's a crappy cheap sushi chain restaurant. Which I wouldn't have minded if they were actually affordable. Don't waste your time and money. Oh, and they're only open till 6.Ǿ
Yep, this is another location in the cheap and convenient Sushi Shop chain.  Not the best sushi shop, but probably the best Sushi Shop out of the bunch. The food is quick, the price is right, and the service here is about as good as it gets. We're always greeted with a smile by the kids who work here. This is our go-to choice when we're feeling lazy, but as an easy choice it certainly isn't a bad one.

Note: This location isn't open on Sundays and closes at 8pm on weekdays.