Honestly I have nothing bad to say about the food. Everything tasted amazing! That being said, better give yourself an extra half hour to eat, because the see ice is very slow. It took twenty mins for the server to take our order and there was only a few other tables full, hardly a busy afternoon.笑
We had a great experience here! I wouldn't necessarily say that every dish is amazing (some of them are hit or miss), but we had a great time and the staff were very friendly and attentive. 

We ordered a couple of options to share:

Uni, Ikura, and Salmon Don ($17.99)
Was actually super good! I had been forewarned by the online reviews that, as an izakaya, Aka-Oni's sashimi isn't too fresh. However, we were pleasantly surprised! 
The uni was the freshest I've ever had - there was only a subtle sweetness to the sea urchin, without any of the associated salty fishy taste. Moreover, the salmon was super fatty and melted in your mouth! The ikura was also much better than what I've had in Vancouver before; instead of being heavily marinated in soy sauce to the point where it's literally salt, you can really taste the distinct freshness and pop with each bite! We loved this bowl, and are so glad that we ended up ordering it!

Black Diamond Roll ($14.99)
After reading the reviews posted by other Yelp users, I was smart enough to eat it separately. And I echo that advice - don't eat it together! My dad made the mistake of doing so, and it was very difficult to distinguish the flavours. 
The base was okay, but super oily. Basically a California roll with purple rice (the waiter went on a tangent on how the purple rice is marinated with their house-made rice vinegar, which is infused with plum...). The eel was very fatty and delicious. Obviously, the gold foil didn't taste like much. 
But the foie gras - oh my gosh, that literally melted in my mouth in a big puddle of fat. Was fairly gamey though, but since it's my first time eating foie gras, I'm uncertain as to whether or not it should taste that gamey. 

Hokkaido Milk Ramen ($17.99)
We knew that this was a gimmick dish, and yet we still ordered it. My sister had the perfect phrase to describe this ramen - it is literally noodles placed in a cream of corn soup (without the corn). Nothing fancy, and I felt like I had been transported back to my childhood. Kind of disappointing, to be honest! That being said, they do offer generous portions of Alaskan crabs. 

Black Garlic Ramen (10.99)
This was a pretty solid dish! There is a distinct taste of garlic, but the broth isn't overpowering or overwhelming by any means. In fact, unlike your typical ramen broth, it isn't saturated with salt (or at least it doesn't seem to be). The egg was slightly overcooked, but there was a generous portion of toppings (kelp, half an egg, chashu, corn, etc.). 

Chicken cartilage skewer
Very chewy and poppy, but I think it could have benefited from a more pure taste. Instead of being doused in a teriyaki-like sauce, simple salt and seasoning may have been better. That being said, it still tasted really yummy!

Tofu Cheesecake
There was a dessert special offered for each person, so my parents ordered the signature tofu cheesecake. It came looking very presentable and cute! The tofu cheesecake was made in-house, and the tofu taste is super overpowering! Overall, a delicious dessert.

Black Sesame Ice Cream
Nothing to say except that it was super rich in black sesame flavour and sinfully creamy!笑
Hmmm... I have to admit I was a little underwhelmed by Aka-Oni. With Izakaya in the restaurant title, I was definitely going in wanting an Izakaya. 

The space is quite nicely decorated, very similar to Sansotei Ramen (if you have ever been). There were not that many tables though, as you could probably only seat about 8-9 tables of 4 people at most. 

The menu was quite limited, as there were only a couple of options within each category, but the ingredients were definitely fresh. Typically, I would like to order 5-6 different dishes with friends to share at an Izakaya, but they definitely didn't any shareable options. Their set meals were the best value, but still rather small in portion size.

Service was a little on the slow side, which is hard to believe with such a small restaurant. And this wasn't due to a lack of staff either. They had to have at least 3 available servers at all times. We had to ask a server to come over multiple times just to get a couple things. If they were a little more efficient, they would not have had to walk back and forth so many times. 

I would recommend headed to a different place for an 'Izakaya', but if you're just in the area for Japanese food, it is a decent option.笑
Had a pretty sour experience here on Canada day. 

After being seated, I ordered a Sapporo that was part of their after 9pm half off special. When the mug arrived, close to 40% of it was filled with foam. I grabbed the attention of a server, who asked me to drink from it so they could pour more (which is a little strange that they'd do that instead of just giving me a new one), and then asked me "you know that its half off right now right?" as if that was an explanation or a reason enough to serve something like that. 

I ordered some sashimi (always delicious, I don't want my bad customer service experience to defer from the fact that the sushi and sashimi is always the bomb here!), a roll and a beef sukiyaki. Mine was intensely overpowering with sweetness (my friend had ordered the same thing and we tasted each other and agreed that his was much more balanced flavor wise) 

Finally, when it came time to pay, I paid with debit. Their machine came back as not completed, and I immediately saw that it was charged from my account. Their owner or manager came by and said that he was going to have to call their card machine company for trouble shooting.

He came by after a few minutes to argue with me that I had not paid them, even though I showed him earlier that the money was taken from my account already, and he wanted to charge me again. I was already being inconvenienced for my time as I had to wait for him to sort out his issue between their restaurant and their credit card machine, and now I was being accused of not paying.  

After finally reaching out to their machine's company for troubleshooting, he came back and confirmed that I had indeed paid for my meal. I think a little gesture as we wait would've gone a long way (its not very hard to say: Sorry folks, give me a minute to clear things up with the machine here, are you guys comfortable? Could I get you any tea or anything?) but I never got any form of apology for wasting my time. 

Just food for thought if you decide to come here, your food will be pretty good, but hopefully you don't run into any bumps on the road while you're in here because no one seems to be trained on how to properly treat a customer.笑
Location/Service
In the silver star blvd plaza (where Destiny and Deer Garden is), lots of parking available - but it does get pretty busy during lunch/dinner hours. 

Inside has a very nice decor with interesting Japanese style furniture. Staff were friendly and provided recommendations on what's popular. 

Food
Tried a few items off their menu. 

Black Diamond Roll - this is fusion sushi, which has gold flakes, caviar, fois gras, unagi and purple rice. It is heavy in taste, but everything blends well together. If you are not into fatty liver, then it's not your choice. But I really enjoyed it and you can tasty all different layer. 

Grilled Mackerel - this dish (I believe) has limited quantities for the night. Essentially it's grilled fish in ponzu sauce. I like the sauce that makes the fish less dry, but the fish was a little over cooked in my tasting. 

Rice with tea. I couldn't remember the exact name of this dish, but it has ikura (salmon fish eggs), rice and you add tea to it. I always like this dish cause it has a light taste, healthy for the body and you can control how much tea to add. 

The last one I tried were chicken skewers. This was as expected to taste, grilled to the right timing and with a nice sauce that's marinated into it. 


Overall, I think this place is alright for a close by izakaya in Markham. They have plenty of seatings, so perfect for larger groups trying a variety of items笑
Came in after work so late night dinner. We got in at 1am on a friday. But the staff yelled in the way a Japanese izakaya should, hopefully this little charm does not go away. We were sat promptly and told about all the menus and daily specials  and their regular menu looks good a bit of everything for everybody ramen to sushi and everything in between. A table of three, one ordered hokkaido milk ramen $15(me), the others on the table order two take set $28 that would come in a set courses. 

They started with 

miso soup with clam followed by the full set which included:

Two pieces of daily sushi today was mackerel and octopus

Three pieces of salmon and toro sashimi 

Seared albacore tuna with a citrus vinegratte 

Grilled chicken  skin and gizzard with yakitori sauce

And a chopped baked scallops with roe mixed in with a cream sauce. 

Also a bowl of rice can't forget the rice. 

They also order salmon onigiri for 2.99 and it was pretty big. 

Oh my ramen was awesome I can't really put it to words and everyone's opinion on ramen is different. I pretty much finished it really quick.

In the end it was a good place to go to even to chill out later in the night. 

I will be back to try wagyu everything there.笑
This izakaya place exterior looks crazy with crazy lights and bottles, but upon arriving inside its a lot toned down and has normal seats and booths. Owned by Chinese people, this izakaya place isn't like the rowdy ones in downtown where they scream at you lol. They close really late at 2am. 

The prices for the sushi/sashimi is a little bit hefty. We ordered three torched fatty fishes, which was salmon, hamachi and tuna, the only one that's worth mentioning is the salmon, it was so fatty and delicious. But be aware it's super excessively oily for whatever reason, my mouth was literally covered in oil after one bite.

Their black diamond roll has been praised a lot on the reviews here so I tried it. I can honestly say it's not the best combination. It's basically a California roll with a piece of eel and liver with caviar and fancy fancy gold flakes. The tastes for me don't mesh well and the liver was overpowering. The service was extremely slow for food and it wasn't even that busy.笑
My first time here was awesome. As a vegan, I was worried that I wouldn't have any options. However, after asking the server, she made accommodations for me and I received delicious sushi with mushroom, pickled radish, avocado, etc. They really do care. They even gave me packs of soy sauce because the one of the table contains fish. I would come here again.笑
What does a bite of heaven taste like? Foie gras. Caviar. Gold flakes. BBQ eel. Avocado. Crab meat. Mmmm! In other words, the Black Diamond Roll from Aka-Oni!

Aka-Oni is a newly opened izakaya, located at Silver Star and Steeles, right on the border of Markham and Scarborough. It takes the place of what used to be a Sichuan restaurant in the plaza with Destiny and Deer Garden.

read more at https://teamdesman.wordpress.com/2016/02/26/aka-oni-izakaya/笑
3.5 *
When first opened, food were great value and fresh for a non-AYCE restaurant 4*.
Lately menu changed and price increased.笑
This is a small Izakaya located just south of Markham in a small plaza on Silverstar Blvd.

You'll notice that this place is actually quite small, I'd say they have maybe 6-7 dedicated tables that seat up to 4 people and one long table down the middle that seats about 8 people. Needless to say this restaurant fills up quickly on the weekend.

Make a reservation if you're planning to go at peak times!!! Parking spots are scarce too but you'll find one if you wait a bit.

Dishes ordered include: Black Diamond roll, butter miso ramen, bbq eel rice, and baked scallop.

I really liked the Miso Ramen, but the Black Diamond roll is a must try. It's pretty unique: Foie gras, eel, and crab topped off with fish roe and gold flakes (yes, gold flakes). Other dishes weren't as 'special' but good be nevertheless. 

P.S. The gold flakes taste like nothing (as expected) but it makes the dish pretty fancy!... you know, if you're superficial like that.笑
Updating review to 3 stars due to 3 reasons:

- Significant price increase of over 20% on certain menue items.  Unfortunately, this includes one of the main dishes I frequent here for which is the Uni, Ika, Salmon don.  This is now around $23 instead of $18 or $19  previously.
- Change in menue selection.  Another favourite dish is gone, the Torched Tuna don for $17 is no longer on the lunch menue.  Instead, they offer it at the same price in the regular menue, but a mini version that is half the size.
- Desserts: tofu cheesecake upgrade never seems to be available anymore.  They have miso ice cream which is new, but it was too salty for my taste.

The Deluxe Sushi lunch is ok for $16.50, I would still come here for this and the chirashi, but old menue was definitely better.笑
It's really a 2.5/5 stars. I heard about this place via advertisement and the review sounds ok. So I made a reservation tonight. 

Food: some good and some mediocre..

Good: A box of uni (on special for $36/$38 forgot the price) is a good deal. (Reg is like $60ish)
Blue Fin Tuna, Black Diamond Roll (eel & forgoi) is good. Black Garlic Ramen is good. The seafood lobster udon (from the lobster set dinner for 2) is good. 

Mediocre:  lobster sashimi and salmon sashimi (they should of put the lobster sashimi under a ice tray to keep it cold and serve the salmon sashimi separately and also their salmon sashimi, they cut it too thick) 
Salmon rose and Uni rice, mediocre, it's small bowl and some how the uni in the rice is not as creamy as the uni box.
There is a two type of fish assorted. Another mediocre one, also their seafood skewered mediocre.

Price: is average, not too bad 

Atmosphere:  is a decent size restaurant, which most tables are for 4 and clean.

Service: is good and efficient until towards the end. This is what happened. When we (party of 3) seated and we asked the waitress about a coupon we found online at a Chinese newspaper website (regarding about a free dessert with coupon) do we need to printed out, she said we don't need to print it out,  we will each get one. We also asked about is it true about if the bill is $200 before tax will get a VIP card, she said yes. So we order our first round of food and the bill come out around $88 and we're not full yet cause their portion is somewhat delicate (small). So we decide to order 2nd round of food (which we order the dinner for two lobster set dinner) and other food to rack up $200. In the menu, it clearly stated that the lobster set dinner will come with salad and desserts. And when we ask for desserts, from my understanding is I should have 5 desserts because 3 from the coupons that each person have and 2 extra from the set dinner, but the waitress said the desserts goes by head count. So which means if I don't order the lobster set dinner, we will still have 3 desserts no matter what. Then when we receive the vip card, we asked can we have one extra one cause we have 3 people, then she  said you can get one for $15. If they had told me the vip card is only $15, we wouldn't order so much extra food just to rack up the bill.

So in conclusion ,  if you guys planning to go, please ask diligently about what you will be getting.笑
BBQ eel pancake - outside was crunchy and inside was soft - delicious!

Tonkotsu ramen - the meat was nice and soft to chew on, soup had just the right amount of flavor - delicious! 

Torched fatty fish sushi - simply amazing - delicious!

Samurai spirit (calpico, club soda, uneboshi honey, sweet uneboshi) - unique taste - probably wouldn't get again though

Overall a good experience.  Limited seating and no liquor license yet.笑
Came here twice. Once for lunch and once for dinner. Lunch set prices are quite reasonable for what you get. E.g oyster don, chicken teriyaki, appetizer and enoki beef roll all for just $13. Ramen are also good. Other specialty items are quite a bit more expensive but quality is good and on par with other higher end Japanese restaurants.
Definitely recommended.笑
The black diamond roll was amazing. Other dishes are good except for the beef sashimi. It was frozen and hard. The manager of the store doesnt even know the name of the sashimi when he was explaining the dish. But overall it's good with the price.笑
Good food. Awesome rice bowls :) opens late and very friendly staff. Good ramen. Daily specials except Friday. Oyster special Monday and Wednesday.笑
Really tasty.  Had the black diamond roll with eel, fois gras, caviar.  Lots of yummy options.  It was pricy, my husband and I spent $70 on lunch but we did order a lot.  I think I'd return and try other stuff.  There's also bento box options that are cheaper.  Reasonable service笑
Udo noodle looks pretty good but taste really sweet and salty. A bit odd for me.

Not too many seats. Def make reservations before you go to avoid line ups.笑
Nothing spectacular; just another typical Chinese-owned Japanese restaurant. The lunch combos are nice in pictures with all those little dishes, but misses the mark in terms of taste. And at $20, I don't think it's the best deal.笑
If you have gone to the "real" Japanese Izakayas at downtown, then you won't want to go to this place.

(1) The host/server talked to customers in Cantonese, assuming all the customers would speak the same language.

(2) The manager/owner was using his laptop at the corner while customers were having the meal. This is not professional.

(3) If you don't know what "Futo" exactly looks like, please do not put it on the menu.


Conclusion: Go elsewhere.笑
Came here as a group of 6.  Luckily I had a reservation because this place is very small with only 1 large table.  There were lots of selection, it's good that there's now a good izakaya in this area.  However, we happened to come on a day where they had the special combos for the Asian fest and so a few of us ordered their specialty combos.  We had asked if we could use the CCUE coupon (free dessert if your bill is over $200).  They said yes so we went ahead.  Come the end of the meal, the coupon was not honored for people who ordered combos (even for people who ordered the combo sets on their regular menu).  Also, the coupon specifically said tofu cheesecake or durian pudding.  Ends up the tofu cheesecake is reserved for ordering and they substituted it with ice cream.  Point of story, they don't really honour the coupons.  

Service: 
Good service, they did not rush us even though there were lots of people waiting.  Food came out promptly.  WIth the exception of the confusion of the coupon that I mentioned above, the service was good.  

Food:
We tried a number of items including their black diamond roll which is one of their specialty dishes.  It is worth ordering, it's unique and tastes good.  However, the eel seemed to overpower the taste of the foie gras.  The uni donburi was also tasty.  The skewers were okay, nothing special.  The miso balck cod was pricy but good.  It was done perfectly with the right texture and taste.  The baked oyster was also quite good and I would order it again.   The tofu cheesecake was a disappointing, I found it bland.  Overall, worth coming to try various dishes.笑
I was so hungry after the 3 skewers from Chat Bar, I decided to come here with CT afterwards. Menu looks good outside and decoration looks decent, but the biggest reason why I decided to in is because they have Anago Sushi!!  We ordered 2 Anago sushi, Tempura, Torched Fatty Fish Sushi and a Yuzu drink.

They gave us two complementary salads to start and they were your typical Japanese restaurant salads, nothing special.  The tempura came out and we saw 2 shrimps tempura only and the rest were veggies tempura, $10 for that is a little too much.

Anago sushi came and it looked a little disappointing, probably the worst looking Anago I seen compare to the other restaurants I been to before such as Nami and Kasa Moto, but taste wise it was alright, not as fresh as the other ones I had, but $2.50 each is a pretty good deal.

Yuzu drink was actually very delicious and I loved it, main reason why I didn't give this place a 1 star rating.

Most disappointing dish that came is the Torched Fatty Fish Sushi, each order has 3 pieces of fish and they are Salmon, Toro (Tuna) and Mackerel.  Since we both wanted to try them all, we ordered 2 orders of the same dish.  2 orders should mean we would get 2 Salmons, 2 Toros and 2 Mackerels right?  Nope, that's not the case!! They gave us 2 Salmons, 1 Toro and 3 Mackerels!

Seriously?  Why do you want to cheat us like that?  We asked the waitress to check with the chef since the waitress found it weird too, but the chef said "No, as long as I give you 3 different fish, then it's right".  WHATTT?!  I don't understand the logic!  If we ordered one plate of the sushi, if we like it and order another one after, you would still need to give me another set of Toro, Salmon and Mackerel to fulfill the 3 different kinds of fish right?  I really hope the business owner reads this because they better make some changes to this habit.  Will I come back again?  Not sure at this point.笑
Was searching up on new sushi restaurants in the area and saw good reviews for Aka and decided to give this place a try. 

Waited 40 minutes until we got seated down which is expected for a Saturday night. Food here was pretty decent for the price you're paying. Not too expensive. The Uni sushi was really worth it (4.50/ea) and I highly recommend ordering the black diamond roll. Basically this roll is topped with bbq eel, foie gras, and black cavier. Also try the tonkotsu ramen, it is very tasty, you won't regret it. 

I gave this place a 4 stars because the service could have been better due to them being understaffed. Other than that, I would definitely come back and recommend to family and friends.笑
My wife and I are big critiques of sushi restaurants and this place is one of our favourite places.  Very creative in design, taste and options. I highly recommend this place.笑
I really wasn't feeling this place. Came here last week on a weekday night and had to wait around 30minutes for a table for two. Probably because of the new hype. Anyways service was really friendly, as expected for a new restaurant. 

It's nice that we're getting more izakaya restaurants around the Markham/Scarborough area, but this place really doesn't compare to places like Guu.  

Cons: 
The black diamond roll is very hyped up as a must try. But my bf and I didn't like it at all. It was very expensive for what it is just because of the foie gras. The foie gras made the sushi roll taste very fat and oily, leaving a coat of grease in your mouth. The purple rice made the maki stiff, and the ingredients inside the roll is nothing different from your typical California roll. Not worth it's price. And I must mention that the cucumbers in the roll were very close to spoiling, and you can taste it in an instant by the texture, it wasn't crunchy but soft/ mushy. It was thinly sliced so maybe they thought people wouldn't notice. 

Pros:
The sashimi platter was probably the best thing. Sashimi was fresh, fair portion size. The baked scallop was pretty good. Definitely order that over the baked oyster- I've had better baked oyster elsewhere. The Unagi pancake was really good as well to my surprise. Very crispy around the edges. 

Glad I tried this place, but I most likely will not be coming back again.笑
I came here based on a recommendation from a family member and I ended up just disappointed with what I received. 

With a set meal, it comes with salad, soup, and dessert. The salad wasn't anything special. Their clam Miso soup was very salty and the one clam wasn't exactly fresh either. Dessert was ice cream so there's no way anybody can mess that up. 

I found the Take Set ($28) to be overpriced and underwhelming. It came with two pieces of surf clam sashimi and two pieces of salmon sashimi, a baked scallop, four slices of seared BC tuna, and two chicken skewers. At an a la carte restaurant, I had higher expectations in the quality of food. The seared BC tuna had too much sauce, making it a little too sour. The sashimi wasn't special. It was what any food court or all-you-can-eat place would have to offer. What I was excited for was the baked scallop but they were very small scallops with a mediocre sauce on top. This set meal was just one big disappointment. 

Also, I tried their fried chicken curry ($7). The chicken was crunchy yet soggy at the same time. The rice was too soft and the curry was made from powder. 

The reason I gave this place two stars instead of one was because their salmon belly was prepared to perfection. The skin was crispy and it was nicely cooked. 

On a side note, the service was good but it had no influence on my experience.

Will I ever come back or do I recommend this place? Definitely not.笑
Very lovely Japanese restaurant. Staff are extremely helpful and friendly and most importantly food is amazing!!  Ramen is a must try as well as the BBQ eel on rice (not very mini). Black Dragon with four gras is super yum. Excellent little restaurant tucked away in the strip plaza. Big screen tv is a nice bonus!笑
First time here and this place was impressive! 

Black diamond roll - hightly recommaned by yelpers and friends. It came with ele, fois gras, purple rice, caviar, cucumber, crab meat, avocado and gold flakes! Really good.

California Don - good value. The rice was chewy and sticky, i really like it. (~$10 only)

Highlight was the grilled salmon chazuke. As i said, their rice was good and it is only $5! Big portion. Best one in Scarborough area.

Tonkotsu ramen - impressive!!!!! The noodle was above my expectation and the soup was rich but not too salty. This one could compete with other janpan ramen restaurant. 

Tofu cheese cake - very smooth and the crust was moist and fine, not too dry. The almond slice makes it very unique texture. 

I will come back!笑
I've been here a few times and the food was very good. However, I always get an not-so-good impression from them that if we don't order the food they recommend like sashimi or foods on the more pricey side. We ordered items which were on the more affordable side and they would rush to take our order. While on the other table, they would take time to explain their food because there were ordering the sashimi platter or what not. Overall, the portions were decent (except the minis), but the atmosphere of the restaurant was really nice.笑
Fresh food and creative menu. Restaurant is small but nicely decorated. The must try dish is the Diamond Roll.笑
The service was good. Portions were quite decent and the flavours were well balanced. The lunch bento box offered lots of variety for the price. I would definitely come back again.笑
With my party of 3 and 1 already being impatiently hungry, we asked the waiter to order my guest's food first so they could eat. The only problem was that, it took so long that by the time we ordered the rest of our food, it all came at the same time! Not good for a first impression in my opinion, but it was a full house.

I ordered the unagi on rice for $8.99 and split a diamond roll (5 pcs) for $16.99

The unagi rice bowl had more rice than unagi - unagi wasn't cooked to my liking but overall it was okay. I'd much rather go to Izakaya in Willowdale for their unagi rice which is 100 times better.

Diamond roll on the other hand, was good, but it's not something I'm craving to come back for. The pairing of the foie gras, gold leaf flakes, caviar and eel with veggies were interesting together but I wouldn't say they actually WENT well together. I felt it was majorly lacking any real taste since the pairings were fairly bland - eel, veggies and foie gras with caviar and gold flakes? Come on, where's the flavour and zest?? But that's just me.

By the end of the night, after asking for our bill, our waitress forgot and had to reiterate our request. Not the best experience as a first-timer here, but hopefully it gets better in time.笑
Decided to try this place out since it's been so hyped since its opening roughly two months ago. Read ALL the reviews and was unsure if I wanted to try it since they were everywhere but saw that they had foie gras on the black diamond roll - I seriously could not say no. We made a reservation on a Monday for 6:30 pm because last time I tried coming they were packed out the door at 9:30 pm so I didn't want to risk it. 

We legit went ham on the menu. We ordered uni nigiri, hotate nigiri, more hotate nigiri, a black diamond roll, grilled eggplant, grilled pork belly, grilled salmon belly, unagi pancake, a black garlic ramen and another black diamond roll. 

- Uni (Vancouver) was fresh and creamy
- Hotate also fresh as well as meaty (serious mouthful)
- Grilled eggplant was perfectly done (some places overcook it leaving the skin on the eggplant not edible/plastic-like) 
- Grilled salmon belly was fall off the bone fatty goodness
- Pork belly (on  a huge bed of bean sprouts) I could have gone without.. it wasn't very "fatty"
- Unagi pancake - like every one else have mentioned - crispy on the outer edge and soft on the inside - super delish
- Black garlic ramen (burnt garlic)... had SO much potential if the soup base had more... umami... the ramen noodles were super yum but the soup is lacking
- Black diamond roll - must say something if we ordered two of them. It was heavenly, oily, fatty, decadent, melt in your mouth goodness the cucumber in the roll gave it a good refreshing finish BUT I wish it wasn't so huge. Kind of hard to enjoy/chew a roll when you can barely close your mouth and is drooling (or is it just me?)

The servers were great help. They're nice and responsive. I was just so sad they had no more VIP cards! Our bill came up to $129ish ($150 total) and we thought it was great considering how stuffed we were. I think they've really improved since opening and took customers suggestions/comments/concerns into consideration. I really enjoyed their food (aside from the no fat pork belly, lack luster soup base and the too big to fit in my mouth roll) and would come back.笑
3.5/5, +.5 for service

The owners of Inatei have opened this izakaya place in the Silver Star Boulevard plaza, which has been growing in popularity for these "off the beat" kind of restaurants (Boil Bar is about two places down from here). It's quite amazing what the turnover has been for this plaza in the past few years.

I've been here twice now, once on a weekend evening and a weekday evening. You'll have to reserve here for weekend evenings unless you arrive after 9pm, but weekday evenings are largely a free for all.

In my first visit, I focused more on the izakaya/sushi items, such as the seafood futo, crunchy black dragon roll, seared albacore tuna, torched fatty fish sushi, beef sashimi, hokkaido milk ramen, berkshire pork belly skewers, seafood skewers, baked oyster with cheese and spinach sauce, and lamb rack with spinach sauce. 

Stuff that I found absolutely delicious were the crunchy black dragon roll, seared albacore tuna, torched fatty fish sushi, berkshire pork belly skewers, seafood skewers, and the lamb rack with spinach sauce. I can probably do without the seafood futo and beef sashimi next time. The hokkaido milk ramen has an excellent milk texture, but their ramen was too thin and flimsy for my liking.

I came back a second time and tried their aka-miso ramen and beef sukiyaki with udon. Their aka miso is absolutely delicious and, in my opinion, more of a highlight than the ingredients (which I found to be nothing special). The beef sukiyaki is decent, but for $12.99 I probably wouldn't order again.

I had the tofu cheesecake both times and it is, in my opinion, the only dessert you should order here. Light, fluffy, and delicious all in one.

Service was excellent, and my family got a free VIP card from one of the employees. Yup, definitely will be a regular in this place!

Free wifi!笑
What a great surprise AKA-ONI was!  The restaurant is pretty decent size and decor, has Japanese tapas selections but does not have an authentic izakaya ambience and feel to it.  That being said, it's all about the food right?

We ordered the following rolls: Spider ($8.50), Crunchy Black Dragon ($12.50), Dynamite ($7.50), Oyster Bomb ($15.99), California ($5.99) - All of the rolls were good, with the exception being California Roll.  The Oyster Bomb roll was excellent - wonderful flavour and all rolls had great presentation.  Their rolls are on the smaller side as most only have 5 or 6 pieces.  However the quality is very good.  Also order Seared BC Albacore Tuna ($8.99) which was fresh and tasty.

For skewers, we had Jumbo Shrimp ($4.99 per skewer), Scallops ($9.99 per skewer), and cuttlefish ($2.99 per skewer).  Scallops were the best of the bunch, while the shrimp, while decent, was a bit of a letdown given the price.  I would order the scallops again

Unagi Pancake ($9.99) is good here as well with solid texture but still chewy.  I really enjoyed the Kara-age chicken ($6.99).  There were I think 7 pieces and it was fried very well.  Nabe Udon ($9.99) is really small portion and very ordinary.  Finally, Nasu Dengaku (grilled miso eggplant, $4.99) was grilled well and the miso flavouring was excellent.

On the service side, we were seated in the booth with curtains, but the wait staff came around often to ensure our plates were removed and tea was topped off.

I really enjoyed the variety here and the food we well above average.  Everything was fresh and you can see the care they put into the presentation of their dishes.  It is pricier that other Japanese places, however they back it up with quality.  I will definitely be back, 4 stars for me!笑
I'm from Tokyo,Japan.
I had thought almost Japanese resaurants in here is not so good untill I came this resaurant.
services are nice!
foods are outstanding!!
so much better than Japanese "IZAKAYA" in Japan
if you've been to Japanese IZAKAYA in Japan you know how it is.
highly recommended!!
めちゃくちゃ美味しいです！
トロントの日本食居酒屋に満足出来ない方に
オススメ！！
茶碗蒸しが美味しすぎでした。。笑
Thanks to Lorna Q. for the picture of the Hokkaido milk ramen with king crab legs. I found the menu so overwhelming so I decided to base my decisions on pictures posted on Yelp. 

Hokkaido milk ramen with king crab legs $18 - the milky soup was delicious. There were 3 large crab legs which tasted fresh. The noodles had nice chew to them and was done right. For $18 its worth the try. 

Aki Bento $14 - came with some sushi, salmon sashimi, shrimp and veggie tempura and a bowl of rice with fried egg and oysters. Meal also comes with salad and miso soup. Overall a pretty good meal but nothing that stood out. 

Uni nigiri $4.50 each - the uni was not that fresh but still tasted okay

Black diamond roll $15.99 - duck fat and eel stuffed in a sushi roll. Tasted really good and would not hesitate to order this again.

Meals also come with ice cream.

Service was fast and friendly.笑
After reading so many mixed reviews, I wasn't sure what to expect.  Came here for lunch with my girlfriend on Monday which was a bit quiet so we didn't experience slow service like other Yelp reviewers.

The staff was very friendly and gave lots of good suggestions.  I asked her for their signature dish and she recommended the Black Garlic Ramen which was delicious.  The cha shu (stewed pork) in the ramen was very tasty.  She also recommended the baked oyster with spinach and cheese.  We ordered only two as these were a bit pricey at $6.50 each.  It was very fresh and so tasty - it was totally worth it!  We also got the Ume Bento which is a really good lunch deal for $20 that came with soup, a small bowl of unagi (eel) rice, 3 pieces of salmon sashimi, chawanmushi (steam egg custard with seafood), grilled fish and ice cream.

Overall, I liked the variety on the menu ranging from ramen, set meals, sushi, rice bowls, and yakatori.  There's enough wide selection of Japanese food that it can be categorized as an Izakaya.  I still haven't tried enough on the menu to conclude if this will be a place that I would come for the sushi, ramen, rice bowls or izakaya.  I'll definitely be back to figure this out!笑
Got the sashimi platter and it was by far the most authentic and freshest seafood I've ever had. Service was meh.笑
I've been here probably over ten times and I can't believe this place has been opened for a long time, yet I haven't found out about it until 6 months ago. I love Japanese food and I usually have high expectations but this Aka met almost all of them which is not very likely. To start off their sashimi is always fresh. For the amount of times I've went their sashimi is what I always get. I would usually order the takara tray. As much as I love their sashimi I'm only disappointed in their sushi. Everytime I go I never order the sushi because the rice and sashimi portion just isn't right. Another thing I always order when I'm at Aka is their Kaki mayo. I love the way they made the Kaki mayo and I'm always down to have seconds. Another reason why I love coming here is the customer service and the atmosphere. The atmosphere is nice and relaxing and it's never too loud. I also find that all the employees are very attentive and kind. There are times when I'm disappointed by the food and I do complain, but they're never rude about it. I highly recommend this place to anyone who loves sashimi as much as I do!笑
Came here on a Wednesday night and found that they don't open on Wed.

Two people didn't have a reservation and it was around 730pm. We waited for around 15 mins. It's a relatively new restaurant so everything's new; the booth was nice and comfy. 
The wait staff were polite and friendly.

They gave you side salad as starters.
We ordered:
- tonkotsu ramen (meh, for its price $8.99 I would expect something close to sansotei or santoka but nothing like that)
- chicken skin skewer (it's alright but I was expecting it to be crispier)
- chicken cartilage skewer (it's ok; nothing special)
- Toro rice in soup (toro is flavorful but portion too small)
- mushroom tempura (various types of mushroom; taste good; I like it the best out of everything we ordered)
- dessert tofu cheesecake (it's good, taste of tofu is apparent, refreshing)
BUT a little side story:
We used a coupon downloaded from CCUE http://www.ccue.ca/tor/restaurants/akaoni_coupon/ and when the bill came it was $2 for the two cheesecake. And when I asked about it the waitress said it's not free, it's upgrade so have to pay $1 per cheesecake. And so I asked what's free she said it's icecream... So What's the point of the coupon!? 
You guys read the coupon and let me know if it says anything about $1 upgrade... It just says free dessert! Anyhow I didn't fight for it which I should have......

Probably... not visiting in the near future.

Its a Izakaya and maybe Guu wannabe but they don't seem to have a focus. They do sushi, ramen, curry, (which was sold out when I tried to order), BBQ, etc. 
Better spend your money at Sansotei or Guu.笑
Probably the worst service I have ever gotten. I ordered the black diamond special and then proceeded to wait an hour to get it... When we addressed about the order the server said it was a complicated order. Only after asking about the order 6 more times it finally came and during one instance the server server walked away.  I did not get recompensated in any way. Would definitely not recommend. Over priced. Terrible service. Go to a different izakaya. The staff is obviously not trained properly.笑
I ordered the lunch special on a weekend at around 1:30pm and it came quickly. There was no line up and the restaurant is fairly empty, probably 4-6 other people. Food quantity was great for the price, but quality is average. Came with salad and ice cream. Server did not refill our water unless we get their attention. 
Will not come back again for the lunch special, but maybe for their regular menu.笑
This place is great! Had no idea what to expect when I was looking for some late night sushi, and I was so pleasantly surprised. Both my boyfriend and I ordered the ramen. The serving was huge, I could barely eat half, and it was delicious. As appetizers we each picked some sort of sushi. I got the spicy salmon and it was exceptional. He got the squid sashimi at 5.99 for 3 pieces, and this is where Aka oni loses the perfect score, he only got 2 pieces, the freshness was fantastic, but even if 3 showed up... 5.99 is pretty ridiculous. 

All in all it was a great first experience, I will definitely come back again, and bring friends! 
ヘ(￣￣ヘ)笑
First time in this place. I do recommend to try this place. Ramen is excellent! Black garlic ramen is a must!笑
Definitely a five star Japanese restaurant, not because I love the food here, the shrimp tempura OMG, the eel don, the steamed egg with sea food!!! So much more... Many choices of drinks, free parking outside, you can take out, large group friendly, 5 stars! Highly recommended!笑
Went twice, will never go back again. First time was okay, we ordered 3 uni ikura salmon don(mini size, $16 or $18) and many other stuffs, what I could say is, the portion was just toooooooo small, i understand that is not a AYCE place, but we should get what we pay for. We spent almost three hundred dollars that day and I was leaving with hungry stomach. 

So we decided to order a regular/large version of uni ikura salmon don of our second visit, we asked the waitress how's the size/portion of this $38 version, he said it was enough for you guys to share together, he also showed us a gesture about the bowl, so we thought it should be fine, but actually we were shock for what we saw when the don was put on our table, well I mean, $38 was only two more spoon of rice underneath and maybe two more pieces of sashimi on the top?????

Conclusion: 

Over price
Will not go again.笑
When here for lunch today, order the salmon, uni, salmon eggs with rice. It's really reach and thick. 

However, the salad are old and oily, is like the kind of vegetable that you will throw it out to the garbage, don't understand why you will serve it to the customer笑
So it was our first time there and the service wasn't bad but the foods are pricey and the menu was kinda... Idk....  Not very readable for us cuz it was kinds messed up...  (no judgement but that menu design sucks)  and the foods weren't filling...  We ordered a dinner set.. And it was $28 something...  And the ramen was $18 we were sharing but there were so little noodle...and... The drink that I order,  called shiso something... And its just ginger ale with shiso leaves...  $4.5 not worth the money at all....  Anyways...  You can go there for lunch if you want..  But I don't suggest you go there for dinner.. Unless you have lots of money to burn lol and also the skewer sucked...   No next time.笑
Great ambience and decor. It's a quaint size so not too loud. Food is delicious too. The bentos are unique from other restaurants I've been to before. Staff is also very friendly and responsive. Would definitely recommend!笑
Overall - 3.5/5.0

Knew about this joint when they first opened but was a bit hesitant in trying it out as it wasn't run by Japanese folks. I admit that it definitely gave me a biased first impression that the food is just going to be subpar so why bother with it - given that there are many other authentic Japanese restaurants out there. After sifting through the reviews and hearing how good it was, I decided that it was worth a shot and it turned out to be quite a decent experience.

When trying out joints like these where the menu spans across many types of dishes from ramen to skewers to rolls, you really need to be strategic with what you order. This means you should really stray away from the ramen or curry rice and focus on their key signature dishes and perhaps a few other izakaya dishes to gauge their quality. If you want ramen, go to a place that specializes it like Sansotei where it's tried and true.

We ordered the Black Diamond Roll which was their signature item. Folks who don't like the richness of foie gras will find it overwhelming. However, I enjoyed the rich and creaminess of the foie gras which blended well with the purple rice and eel.

Secondly we tried the Seared Toro which tasted very fresh and came in thick slices.

Lastly, we also tried the deep fried eel with tofu as well as the beef sukiyaki hot pot. They were decent filler items.

The service was also attentive and polite - much like what you would expect at other Japanese establishments.

All in all, this place does have potential.笑
Came here for the ramen, and had a black garlic ramen and king crab milky ramen.

Overall pretty good, and quite generous with the noodles, meat, and ingredients.
It is definitely marketed as a more high end type of place, and they also have the advantage of serving some interesting and unique menu items that you just won't find elsewhere. This means they are also a bit pricey in some cases. Another thing to note is that they do not seem to be Japanese run, but that doesn't stop them from serving up some tasty Japanese cuisine.

Looking for unique ramen and izakaya items? Try it out!

Some other things to note...
They have free wifi!
They serve free ice cream with your meal.
Serves quite fast.笑
Went there for lunch today , overall it's a good experience. $9.99 Ramen with salad and ice-cream. Pretty good value. 

The soup is not as hot as it should but it's acceptable.笑
I have eaten here 3 times now, and I am always pleased with both the food and my experience. On to the review!

Service: 5++/5
The service (particularly the owner? I think he is the Asian guy who takes the orders) is excellent. They are attentive and friendly, and explain the foods well. I had several very positive experiences which actually led me to give this place 5++ in this category, one of which particularly stands out. 

We had come in to celebrate my mother's birthday, and were getting a bit frustrated with the long wait. We were a table of 3, and just a few minutes after we arrived, a table of 6 came in to wait. When a table finally freed up, it was a table that fit 6 people - at this point, it wouldn't be ridiculously unreasonable for the staff to give that table to the group of 6 behind us since they hadn't arrived that far behind us, and they were a table of 6 (so financially it makes sense to seat them ASAP in case they get tired of waiting and just leave). But the staff respected the line and did give the large table to us. I have been to other restaurants which would not have done this, so it really impressed me. 

Food: 4/5
Over my multiple visits (both lunch and dinner), I have tried quite a few things. The ones that stand out to me would be the flaming negi chu-toro on rice, seared BC albacore tuna with garlic chips, seared chu-toro with yuzu pepper, and the tuna tataki. I think the mini-rice bowls are probably my top choice - the negi chu-toro comes with pieces of fish layered on top of seasoned rice which is embedded with chunks of the fish. In general, I am most pleased with their fish - always prepared well with a great balance of flavors in their prepared dishes, and their sashimi is quite fresh. 

Some dishes that I felt were not really worth the hype include the ramen (which is excellently priced and tastes good, but isn't something to write home about - I would rank it similar to other ramen places like Sansotei, etc.) and the BBQ eel pancake (again, it tastes good but not outstanding). 

Desserts were great - simple (e.g. black sesame ice-cream, tofu cheesecake) and effective. 

Environment: 4/5
Great ambiance. A bit small, cool decor. 

Price: 4/5
Comparing this to other izakaya places and keeping in mind this restaurant is located in Markham, I am very happy with the price. There are a few things that are clearly solidly-priced, and some which are overpriced. In my opinion, the fish dishes are expensive but worth it, the ramen and other baked goods are average-tasting and reasonably priced, and the skewers are average-tasting and over-priced. 

In conclusion, this is a solid restaurant that offers many different foods at reasonable prices for the given food. The quality is similar to other izakaya places in Toronto depending on what you order. The service is great, and I think for a new-start business, they will only get better with time. Will definitely return.笑
Ordered the chicken yosa nabe hot pot, curry chicken rice, and salmon sushi roll. All aren't that special, would not order again if I was to go back. 

The yosa nabe was pretty plain. Tastes pretty clean although filling. Mostly filled with vegies. It looks a bit cheap because of the abundance of vegies but lack of noodles and meat inside. The noodles were all stuck to the bottom of the pot , very difficult to scrape off.

The chicken in the curry rice was probably the best part of the meal, but nothing special. 

Warn that if you visit restaurant before sunset you may need to wear sunglasses indoors. Their window does not have blinds. 

For party of 2 go early or get reservations to avoid being seated beside strangers at the long table. Restaurant is really small. And long table seating is very awkward!! Thank goodness I didn't need to sit there. 

When you go into store people yell Japanese at you. But I overheard servers speaking Cantonese and mandarin, that leaves me to think it's not authentic Japanese.笑
That large wooden table in the middle was beautiful, and perfect for a large group.  

A guy came in between each dish to explain what we were eating.  That was much appreciated.    

The maki rolls that we had were unique and tasted great, this included the jalapeno roll, a roll with mackerel on top, and one with some sort of uni sauce on top.  All so creative. 

Black Diamond Roll with the Unagi and Fois Gras and caviar, and and gold?!?! this was one delicious and beautiful piece of food.  Almost too pretty to eat... and too tasty... to... look at?  Anyways, bring your nice camera for this bad boy so you can have your Black diamond Roll and eat it too. 

Black sesame ice cream was really good with a nice strong sesame flavour.笑
Came here with my sister on Saturday night with a reservation for 7:30PM. The place was packed when we got there, with people waiting at the front. Even with a reservation, we had to wait around 15mins for our table.

The menu is not extensive but it's still has a good amount of items to choose from. We went for the Take set ($28), short ribs with cheese and kimchi, the salmon avocado fish egg rice bowl, BBQ eel pancake and the tofu cheesecake (which came free with a coupon from CCUE!) Coupon link: http://www.ccue.ca/tor/restaurants/akaoni_coupon/ Just show the picture to the waiter and you should be set. :)

I can honestly say that all the food was really high quality, the sashimi was delicious. The sea urchin was creamy, the salmon was super fresh and the albacore tuna was divine. The skewers that came with the Take set were what I assume are chicken hearts and a chicken wing (which was sort of weird but it still tasted good). The portions were decent, but I didn't find the salmon avocado rice bowl worth it for $9 as it was actually pretty small. The short ribs were really tasty, the cheese added a lot of flavour to it. The tofu cheesecake was not too sweet, very refreshing and the nuts added a nice crunch to it.

Next time, I'd love to go for the lunch specials and to also try the ramen. I recommend to reserve in advance as the wait does get lengthy. The service is pretty attentive and they didn't try to shoo us out or anything even though there were people waiting. Overall, a great Izakaya place!笑
Always go here for ramen and sushi. The spicy mix and torched salmon is definitely my favourite and would recommend you try it !笑
I came here for lunch today with my cousin.  We arrived at around 1pm and managed to get a booth.  The place is quite small and apart from the booths around the sides, there's a large table in the middle of the restaurant.  

We ordered the Haru Bento lunch box, Tonkatsu Ramen lunch and the famous Black Diamond roll.  Surprisingly, the best thing was the Haru Bento box.  All the items were nicely done and it's really good value for money at only $12.  The Tonkatsu ramen was ok but I found the pork bone broth to be a bit bland.  But most of the other patrons were mature Asians, so maybe they are going easy on the sodium.  The Black Diamond roll had good and bad elements to it.  I couldn't fit a whole piece into my mouth, so I ate the top part first.  That part was super yummy, melt in the mouth and creamy,  then I looked down and saw the fake crabstick.  Why ruin a gold flecked, foie gras, caviar and eel roll with that?? I would pay a bit more and want real crab meat. Needless to say, I wouldn't get that roll again.  My cousin ordered the peach jelly sake too.  We didn't ask about the price (totally our fault) and didn't see how much it was till the bill arrived.  It was a waste of money,  $15 for the small can with 5% vol alcohol content.  We got green tea ice cream and a tofu cheesecake for dessert.  The tofu cheesecake was ok, not very sweet at all, with a strong tofu flavour.  We weren't charged the normal upgrade price for the cheesecake. 

I would return again for the lunch bentos, they are presented well and there's a good variety of foods.   The service is ok.笑
Nice quiet place. Excellent customer service. Food is ok. I like that the ramen is not as salty.笑
The Pops and I had time to meet up for dinner at 5pm on a Monday evening, and I chose this place because it's new and he's not exactly a fan of GaBin (WHAT!? I KNOW RIGHT!?). I had full intentions to try the ramen, while he was going in completely blind (not because he forgot to change his glasses!)

Restaurant size:
It's an adequately sized place, and most tables are designed to sit at least 4.
There's a massive oddly-shaped table in the middle of the restaurant, which I can imagine is for all assorted parties once the night gets going.

Portion size:
We decided to go full twinning and both got the plain ol' regular Tonkatsu ramen. It was sufficient, but left us both feeling there could have been a little more of everything...

Food quality:
Speaking of everything, the temperature of the food could have been higher. The ramen itself was a little cold and all clumped together; broth was barely lukewarm; and egg was cold. 

Service:
Service is available in at least 3 languages (Cantonese, Mandarin, English). Although there were 2 servers, flagging down either of them deemed a little difficult. On the flipside, they would occasionally check up on you when you least expect it. One of those "Where are they when I want them!?" situations.

Final thoughts:
On a ramen-only basis, I would not come back. I cannot comment on the True Izakaya Experience yet.笑
Nice mood lighting, gentle relaxing atmosphere and nice food. Very nice food, the sushi tastes pretty fresh and the sushi rice was warm and slightly vinegary as it should be which contrasts nicely with the taste of their fish. I recommend their Rainbow Roll or their sashimi platter. This evening I had their Tonkotsu Ramen which was not the greatest ramen I've had but did fill me up nicely and tasted pretty good. It wasn't too heavy and the broth was nicely salted though the pork was a bit over cooked as it was a bit tough. 
I really liked their drinks, I had their Kimono drink which was lychee juice with club soda and a cherry. It was nice, cute and soft which complimented their food well. 
One thing I do have to say is that their service is on the slightly longer side but wasn't agonizingly long. 

I would recommend eating here笑
This was a pleasant surprise. :)

Fiance and I enjoyed ourselves more than we expected. Every dish we got were delicious!

Black Diamond Roll $15 - worth it!
Flaming Saba Roll $12.50 - worth it!

It was too bad they didnt have any Baby Hamachi, not many places in Toronto serve this. We opted for something else, cant remember the name (i have a picture though :), we got the Half Course that came with soup - LOVED IT!

We also got the Tako Wasabi could have used more octopus, but the taste was on point for us wasabi lovers. Seaweed amount was generous as well unlike Guu that gives you like 4 pieces.

Speaking of wabasi, we really liked how they used fresh horseradish. That really impressed us too.

We also got the Salmon Roe and Sea Urchin Mini Rice Bowl (is that what its called?) - yum! I think it was $11? - worth it!

We would return to try some other items. The menu is a little hard to read with so many items. We had to turn to yelp for some pictures instead. Thats really the only compliant. Food, ambience, staff were all great!笑
A new izakaya place that opened in Scarborough destiny Plaza.  They just got the name of the restaurant installed recently, before it was still the name of the restaurant they took over. 

Inside is bright, clean, and comfortable.  There isn't many seats, and definitely not made for big parties.  There is only one large table in the middle, then booths and small tables surrounding it. 

The service is really friendly and informative. 

The tea was really good and not from tea bags. 
The menu was pretty big, and my eyes wanted to try everything but my tummy didn't allow, so we tried to get a couple of different things. 

We ordered a mini rice bowl with sea urchin and salmon roe.  There was a fair amount of salmon roe, the bowl is not very big, good snack size.  This was 14.99.

We tried 3 skewers, chicken gizzard, chicken meat and chicken meatball.  All was juicy and nicely cooked.  Not too salty. The gizzard had a nice crunch and chew. 

Then we tried the deluxe sashimi platter. There were 4 types of fish (chef choice), each with 3 pieces each ($23.99). They gave us specialty fish, not your typical salmon.  We had amber jack, geoduck (I think) and some other ones I wasn't too sure about. 

Then we tried the grilled amber jack Kama.  This was really good.  It took a while to make, but when it came, it was really fresh and nicely cooked.  Lots of meat, and was quite filling! ($12.50)

Lastly we tried their grilled rice cake with sesame ice cream and red bean. The rice cake were nice and warm and chewy.  Like mochi.  They give a fair amount of red bean, and sesame ice cream was good, but like the ones from hime in a tub.

Next time I would like to try their black diamond roll.  It looks very interesting with foie gras, eel and other ingredients. 

When this place becomes more popular, the wait time might be longer as they have limited seats.笑
I got the fuyu bento box "lunch special". I put lunch special in quotes because it was a $20 bento box. I am a small girl (115 pounds and 5'3) and it wasn't filling at all and for $20, it didn't meet quality at all. So I'm wondering, where did my $20 go? Because you get: 1) six pieces of fish which were not fresh 2) the tsukune, (which is supposed to be chicken skewered meatballs) turned out to be a very small skewer of chicken cartilage, 3) the chawamushi is actually pretty good, the best thing on the tray (it had some lemon juice, fish cake, scallop and shrimp mixed and 4) unagi on rice which was standard. 

My first impressions on akaoni is that it is an izakaya trying very very hard to be hip. Although they have decent decor and great plating, the food definite lacks of quality and freshness. It was definitely overpriced for what it was.笑
Honestly, I'm very disappointed. Nothing special on food, everything was so so. They even messed up my favourite spicy salmon roll, I meant an all you can eat sushi place has better rolls. One more thing, I was sitting next to the kitchen, I saw when the dish came out few pieces dropped on the cart, one of the waitress used her hand to pick them up and threw them back into the dish. So...yeah...笑
It's really a 3.5 star bordering on 4. 

Location:
In a busy strip mall with other food places in north Scarborough, or little Markham, as I like to call it.

Parking:
Lots of parking. You might not park too close but you'll have a spot

Decor:
Almost missed the entrance. When you walk in, the entrance is covered in shelves with bottles. It's nice. I love how the place looks, it's welcoming and yet modern. Calming blues and browns and greys. Lighting is nice. Flattering.  Go here on dates, you'll always look your best!!

Menu: 
I hate how the izakaya menus look. Be a little unique people. Also, I'd say this place is more a Japanese restaurant rather than am izakaya one.

Food:
 They have a lot of photo worthy tasty dishes. Everything we had was good there was some great. Nothing that anyone didn't like, some things that were just good.  I got to eat triangle rice the  emoji!

I'll be back. I felt super cool being there and liked the food.笑
This place is not small, but their tables are larger than "usual", so feel a little cramp. That's the only bad point I can think of.
Their staff are friendly and efficient. Menu can seem a little complicated, but they will walk you through easily. Now, there were four adults in my party so we got to order a variety of dishes. We could not find much fault in any of them. This is definitely a restaurant we will come back to again and again.笑
Aka-oni Izakaya is solid Japanese restaurant that offers many great choices at a somewhat premium price in an area that lacks quality Izakaya options. While there are some hit and misses, I had a really enjoyable experience here.

We came here for dinner on a weekend evening and had a wait around 30+ minutes. Needless to say, you should probably reserve in advance; especially since the restaurant is still new.

They have a fairly impressive menu with tons of options to choose from, including a few vegetarian options to don, to ramen so I'm sure you can find something for everyone here. 

We ordered the $28 take set which had bits of everything but were disappointed by the amount given. It included: sushi/sashimi (6 pcs), 4 small baked scallops, 3 seared tuna, 2 chicken skewers, and rice. We thought we could get away with sharing add a couple of items but there wasn't really enough to go around. The sushi is decent but was nothing super special although the other items were tasty. In particular, the scallops and the seared tuna. The spicy mix special roll ($7.50 for 5 pcs) was a crunchy spicy salmon/tuna roll and was satisfying. Overall, I felt like their sushi rice here could have been better - it wasn't warm enough and was too 'sticky'. 

Same idea with the black cod which was marinated with miso served with mayo. Super tasty, flaky melt in your mouth kind of fish, just not enough of it for $12, it's no larger than our smartphones these days. I really liked the miso touch to it, it was subtle yet added loads of flavour. 

The BBQ eel pancake was a really FLAT okonomiyaki with a piece of eel on each piece/quadrant. It's your typical okonomiyaki, just paper thin. To finish it off, I was was pretty impressed with their tofu cheesecake. It wasn't overly sweet and was pretty fluffy.

Service was good although we did try to order an extra item which got lost but that's OK as we didn't want it anymore. 

All in all, I would definitely come back to try other stuff on their menu and it's good thing that this plaza has another good place to frequent!笑
Hard to find a nice Japanese restaurant with this quality in the area.  Nice food, good service, excellent dining experience.

Visited 2 times already.  Lunch special during soft opening is great in money quality value.  Big portion, very nice presentation, great food quality.  See lots of "details" in their "products" like homemade wasabi, special tea etc.  Feel owner and staff have made lots of effort to deliver a wondering experience to their customers.

Last but not least, really like the durian pudding!!!!!  :)笑
Been having a bento box phase lately and with AKA Oni Izakaya's fairly recent opening, I went to try it out!

Oni in Japanese is basically demon or monster of sorts. Hence the Oni is the mascot of this logo, they have it imprinted on this cute wooden box that they served the bill in.

Their lunch menu consisted of bento boxes, ramen and izakayas of sushi and dons. All of the options also include clam miso soup, salad and dessert.

I got the Aki Bento which included 5 pieces of Sashimi, 3 pieces of Daily Maki, Tempura and Oyster Don. My friend got the Haru Bento which has 2 pieces of Salmon Sushi, 3 pieces of Daily Maki, Saba Shioyaki, Tempura, and Katsu Don.

We were served tea after we ordered but it took awhile to arrive... It came after our salad was served. The tea however is prepared intricately, with the leaves and herbs provided instead of an instant tea or teabag. The server also took out the sieve out before offering us the tea pot.

Both of our salads came first. I liked how the presentation was and the bowls they used, was quite impressed. I also really enjoyed the salad dressing which gave me a good start to the meal! :)

Clam miso soup came next. With the lid on the top and all, seems fancy but the clam inside was really measly and stingy because they only gave a single piece and it was really tiny. But most places don't even provide the clam so, not sure if I should be happy that I get a clam at all.

Haru Bento came first. The tray was bigger than I thought and everything was placed nicely. They really followed the Japanese etiquette of separating everything into their own little section.

Initially, they had forgotten the Saba Shioyaki. A male server placed the Haru Bento tray onto the table without notifying us what it was and just left so we were puzzled as to whose it was. Seeing us confused, the female server who took our order was confused because she knew what we ordered and didn't think this was the right one and panicky went to the back to confirm... She bumped into the male server who brought out the Saba Shioyaki separately and she relaxed and confirmed that it was ours.

Man, it was a whirl of confusion during that time.

My Aki Bento followed about 10 minutes after. I believe it took a little longer because of the Oyster Don.

Be careful while eating the Saba Shioyaki as it does have bones! Was pretty annoying to eat it ): . The Oyster Don was alright because they did not skimp out on the Oyster bits and had eggs in it. A negative for me was too much green onions, I don't quite fancy them as much and it made the flavour pretty strong while eating the Oyster Don. I didn't get full off the Oyster Don because the seafood pieces didn't fill up as much as meat does but for the value, I still think the Oyster Don was pretty good.

My friend liked the Katsu Don and mentioned that it was pretty good and was stuffed.

Dessert was served after we had finished our meal. To our surprise, they only had 3 flavours of ice cream - Matcha, Black Sesame and Red Bean. They did not even have the standard Vanilla, Chocolate and/or Strawberry... I was just shocked they did not have Vanilla in general as a universal flavour. The Black Sesame ice cream was good, I really enjoyed it~

When you arrive at the entrance, you'll be greeted by the many many alcoholic beverages lined up for display. It almost seemed like this place was more of a beer and yakitori spot instead... But the decor seemed more home-y. The booths were comfy and great.

The space inside was rather small. It can only accommodate 1 big group of 6, and a big group of about 8-10 people that's right in the middle. The big table seemed out of place in my opinion. Otherwise, it was all 2 or 4 seater booths on the sides.

I liked it here. We went at a quiet time and was surprisingly relaxing to be in there. I liked how big the portions were for a lunch special. The big trays and segregating each item made it seem like I had ordered more than what I paid for (which is a good feeling).

I would like to be back soon to try out some of their other lunch items. My only complaint would probably be the inconsistency in service (but forgivable since it's a new restaurant), and maybe add more ice cream flavours, hahaha.笑
I think this place serves some really authentic fish that can't be found anywhere else.

That being said,  the price is pretty steep but I think it's right because you won't find these kinds of fish and sushi.  I mean, avoid the typical dragon and rainbow rolls and try something different.

So once again, if you don't mind the price and want to experiment... This is the best place to start.  And honestly,  you should be experimenting because AYCE sushi has kind of been ruined in Toronto,  but that's another story...笑
Been here twice, both times, they were out of stock on some of the premium items I normally order...

The "Black Diamond" roll is amazing for $15.99 considering it comes with a huge portion of goose liver on top.  The beef sashimi was awful, but Tataki was good. They have good selection of unusual sashimis - but they all taste the same. The toro was cheaper then other places but the quality match the price.  The food garnish is good..  Beware, this place has no alcohol license!!!

3 stars cuz izakiya place has no sake or booze and they are always out of stock on items.笑
After taking a bit of a break from Aka-Oni because of a subpar experience, my father wanted to go for Father's Day. 

I have to say I think it is much improved. It was fairly busy, we had to wait briefly for our table but that is totally fine. We got the Aka-Oni Sashimi Platter (great variety, good quality tuna and sweet sea urchin), Karaage (really big hunks of fried chicken, great), Their One-Night Dry Grilled Mackerel, A Flaming Saba Roll, and some Hokkaido Milk Crab Ramen.

Service was attentive and nice, they refilled water quickly and even took our plates at one point to give us new clean ones, a good touch. They use a higher quality wasabi as well. They have definitely improved from last time. My only minor complaint is that while the sashimi, ramen, and roll came out really fast, we finished all that stuff and waited a little longer than I'd like for the karaage and the one night dry. That said, they apologized and when we asked about it, it came soon after and it was delicious. Won't hold it as much against them this time since it wasn't a horrendous wait, especially when it was still busy.笑
Great food and great service. Reservations recommended, quite popular around dinner time. Must try the sashimi platters, the quality is great and must try the black diamond sushi as well amazing! For large groups maybe not as accommodating as they only have one table that can take a large party. And I found that service deteriorates if the group is too big.笑
Not too sure why this place is so highly rated.

Maybe it was just a bad time for them when we went, but the skinny faced waiter was pretty rude to us and the food was really not that great.

We made reservations a bit before we arrived and the restaurant was empty except for the waiters and four other diners. We told them about our reservation and they just turned around and left us standing at the door without telling us anything for at least 5 minutes while they talked amongst themselves.

After standing there for a while, we realized that they were prepping for two other slightly bigger parties. So it was understandable they didn't seat us right away, but it just seemed like everything was extremely disorganized and nobody knew what they were doing.

FOOD: We got a bunch of dishes, but I think the only really memorable ones were the Flaming Negi Chu-Toro on rice and the Black Diamond Roll, and even then they were just okay. I feel like the black diamond roll exists only to be supposedly extravagant. It wasn't bad, but fois gras really doesn't belong on sushi and the gold flakes actually serve no purpose except to be sparkly.

Everything else we got felt like a huge rip off or it was just not good at all.
For one: Beef ribs with cheese and Kimchi: Three sad blobs of beef with melted cheese on top and kimchi on the side. $5.99. The cheese made them way too salty, combined with the extremely ripe kimchi = salt overload. The ribs alone would have been sufficient in taste.
We also saw baked oyster on their menu, but when we asked about how many there were per order, the waitress told us it was a single baked oyster (for $6.50). Too bad we didn't ask about the beef ribs, we probably would have skipped that one too.

Not to be rude, but this place isn't even authentically Japanese--- all of the people spoke Cantonese, why are they charging so much for food that isn't even that good?

We specifically asked to keep a menu so that we could order more as we got our dishes, but the skinny faced guy took it away. We thought it was because they needed the menus for other people but he just thought we would ruin it, even though it was tucked away from all the food. Every other table got to keep a menu. It genuinely felt like he did not want us to be there. Not sure what his deal was, but the other waiters were super friendly.

I'm actually really sad, I was really looking forward to trying this place and was planning to come here with my other friends, but my experience was not as expected at all. Unfortunately, I don't think it's worth coming back. I would rather trek to Kinka or another Izakaya for a nice welcoming experience with consistently good food.笑
The good: the entrance was pretty cool. Had different Japanese alcohol in a see through window. But once you get inside it looks pretty bland, except for that huge ass TV on top of the entrance doorway. It definitely doesn't give you the vibe that most izakaya in Toronto gives you. The service was great.

The bad: the food was unappealing to me. I ordered the aka miso ramen, aka oni seared toro, black diamond roll, and salmon tataki. The actual noodle of the ramen was good, but the broth taste more like a Chinese soup than a ramen broth. The salmon tataki was very disappointing. I couldn't taste the salmonness (live with me here) of the dish! I let it sit on my pallet for a while but I could not taste the Salmon in the dish. Seared toro did have the flavour BUT the cut of each toro was inconsistent - either too big or WAY too big. And finally the black diamond roll, it was the most unique dish that I tried in this restaurant, I don't know how I feel about it but by the end of the dish I felt that I was eating a layer of lard. It was ok at first then I felt like I was just stuffing it in.

The ugly: Aside from the fancy entrance, the rest of the restaurant was unspectacular. I mentioned above of the food already. The menu was huge, but if you carefully read each selection, it's nothing out of the ordinary. 

Neutral: it's great for one huge group (there is a huge table in the middle of the restaurant) but preferably a group of 2-4 is recommended.笑
Service was ok. The people are nice. Pretty dark atmosphere. I would advise against ordering the tonkotsu ramen here (or safe to say, any ramen in general). The noodles taste like rice noodles, kind of fake and plastic-y in a way. The broth isn't flavourful/salty or chasue-y, it's just... kinda tasteless and in a non-salty bad way. I would stick to Sansotei and Petit Potato . Also I found their curry to be a bit... mediocre. I don't get the hype about this place- the solid 4/5 stars from everyone... it's a 2 at most.笑
This review is based on the signature rolls.
Black diamond roll was what I wanted to try most after reading the reviews; and I'm glad it did. I mean, foie gras +caviar +gold flakes...doesn't it sound posh! 
The taste you ask? Well it was different....not in a bad way. Not for everyone though cause my friend didn't not really like it (more for me )
 Spicy roll: was just ok...kinda like an oversized California roll with salmon on top and spicy mayo drizzle on top
Triple tuna roll (I think that's what it's called) 
Is a torched roll, so it's served warm and the fish cooked. That was probably my favourite! 
I'll definitely be back to try the other rolls on menu.笑
LOVE this place. 5 stars for the ambience, service, and food - everything. Quite nicely decorated (if you like liquor, there seems be a range offered here judging by the bottles lined up) and spacious, the restaurant gives off a cozy feeling (we had a large booth by the wall) without being crowded. 

I ordered the grilled eggplant and angus beef rice bowl; my friend got some sort of tuna appetizer and the black garlic ramen. We were both extremely surprised by the portion sizes - since this is an izakaya place, we expected pretty small sized dishes. Not so at all. The "mini rice bowl" was definitely enough to fill me up, and it had a good percentage of meat as well. The food was delicious - can't find anything to complain about there. Presentation was on point. There was complimentary salad and ice cream - again, wonderful surprises to both of us.

I've seen some of the reviews about the lacklustre service, but that was not my experience here at all. From the phone conversation when I was making a reservation (the staff was very polite and professional), to the greeting we received when walking in and farewell upon leaving, to the prompt attention during the meal (our teapot was filled up multiple times), to the friendliness of our waitress, to the speed at which our food came out...people used to fine dining may disagree, but considering the fact that this place doesn't charge a 120% premium, the service was absolutely exceptional.

I will be recommending this place to all of my friends who live in the area :)笑
We decided to check out this newer Izakaya place that is conveniently located just slightly southeast of Pacific Mall on Silver Star Blvd. By convenient, I mean for those who don't live downtown or midtown Toronto. The decor suits the style of restaurant. Though, it is not a very big place, the high ceilings help to give it a more spacious feel. Also, one thing I really like about the overall arrangement of seating is that they don't try to cram in tables to increase capacity which means the seating is comfortable. One of my pet peeves is when the seating is so crammed, you're literally sharing space with the guy at the next table. So this is a big plus for me. 

Now onto the service and the food! The service was extremely fast but to be fair, it was probably because it was not very busy when we were there. Nonetheless, the service was prompt and the staff were attentive. We ordered these dishes to try out: 

1. Torched Fatty Fish Sushi
2. Grilled Salmon Belly 
3. The Special Fish Soup of the Day (with a side order of Udon)
4. Salmon Roe and Uni on Rice 

The Torched Fatty Fish Sushi was great. I can be biased because I have always liked fatty fish (like Tuna Belly, etc. etc.). So ditto for the Grilled Salmon Belly. 

Now what really impressed me was the daily special Fish Soup. I forgot the full name of the dish (really ought to have written it down or taken a pic). This soup was pretty amazing. You can actually taste the ingredients. I did not taste even a hint of MSG. I can be pretty sensitive to MSG and maybe even borderline allergic to it. So I would know if there was MSG in my food, especially right after eating. I highly recommend this soup to any one who likes fish soup. The Udon was a nice touch. And finally, the Salmon Roe and Uni on Rice was very fresh. The Uni and Salmon Roe was a great combination to have on a bed of sushi-rice. The unique taste of Uni mixed together with the slightly salty taste of Salmon Roe equals delicious!  

I plan to go back and try the other dishes that I didn't get a chance to. Definitely going to go back.笑
Came back for another date night with the hubby without a reservation this time but we were seated quickly after a short 10 min wait.  With their revised (very lengthy) menu with much of the focus on their sake offerings, we took a lonnnnnggggg time browsing through the Chinese only explanation menu.  Most of the menus were listed in English but all the excerpts were in Chinese which was not problematic but certainly not ideal.  

We ended up ordering 6 oysters special (yum! at $18), a seaweed salad (decent), 22 pc sashimi platter of chef's choice (pretty good at $55) and shared their donkotsu ramen ($11).  With 2 - 10oz hot sakes, the meal went down very smoothly.  

The selection of the fish for the sashimi platter was very good and included the usual salmon, squid, scallops, shrimp, octopus (very tender), uni, otoro...etc.  All the fish were fantastically fresh and we were very happy with this offering.  

The donkotsu ramen was also quite good, very flavourful broth without being too heavy with two excellent pieces of chasu on top.  

All the food offerings were very good and we'll be back to sample more of AKA-ONI's food soon.笑
So I find the hype for this restaurant a little exaggerated. We made a reservation for 4 at 6pm on Friday, hoping to avoid the dinner rush but upon arrival finding the restaurant empty. It did fill up shortly after though, but I think we would've been fine without a reservation. 

We each got a dish for ourselves and a few to share. I shared the eel pancake with my one friend, and it was pretty good - tastes better with the pepper flakes (the one you put in your ramen)! 

I got the diamond roll because of the hype for it and sadly to say, wasn't too good... It was flashy at best with the gold flakes and the red rice but it was too sweet (tasted like plum for me) and the foie gras tasted more like oily water. I also got the spicy ramen which was more sweet than spicy. I could barely taste the spice. There was a lot of noodles and cabbage though, I probably couldn't have finished it on its own even without the diamond roll. 

My friend who got the udon noodle said the soup base (which they make it by their own recipe) was good but the noodle a little over cooked. 

For dessert, I got the black sesame ice cream which tasted like the generic ice cream you get from Asian supermarkets. It melted way too fast. My friend's green tea ice cream was supposedly good. My other friend's durian pudding wasn't worth it, it was so small, only the size of a shot glass and was mediocre at best apparently. 

I might be back for their ramen but it's not really as good as others rave it to be.笑
Service was quite accommodating.  The staff was very friendly, and allowed us to switch to a bigger table when it was available.  Food was good.  The tofu cheese cake was light and smooth.  It is a must-try dessert if you like tofu and cheese cake. 

The Black Diamond Roll is certainly their signature sushi roll.  I'm not a big fan of eel but the combination of eel and fish livers is such a perfect match.  The gold flakes make the roll look very sharp and gorgeous.

I tried some of their yakitori, torched sushi and Japanese steamed egg.  They were not bad at all.

Aka-Oni serves Ikeso (the peach flavour jelly sake) at $15 a can if I remember correctly.  It is a bit over charged:(

In general, it was a good experience.  I will return!笑
We ordered:

Black Diamond Roll ($15.99): Foie Gras, BBQ eel, cavier, crab meat, avocado, and gold glitter wrapped in purple rice roll.  This was okay.  I was expecting the ingredients to go well together but it didn't. Ingredients were fresh though  Rating: 3/5

Tonkotsu ramen ($9.99): Good noodles, good pork chashu, good broth, only downside is the broth(it's lukewarm),  Rating: 4/5

BBQ eel pancake ($5.99):  This one is very average. Dry pancake.  Didn't look too good.  Taste was okay.  Rating 2.5/5

Grilled short ribs with cheese/kimchi ($5.99):  Basically melted cheese on top of 4 pieces of grilled short ribs.  Kimchi was on the side.  This one was quite disappointing.  Hoping that they would do some kind of cheese/kimchi mixture into the short ribs.  Rating 2/5.


Service was good.  It came with free salad in the beginning and ice cream(mango, green tea, or black sesame) at the end.笑
A nice place for sashimi and sushi, the platter we ordered was of good quality, scallops and shrimp were so sweet, the fish pieces are also very fresh, the rolls were tasty and nicely presented, service was good, would definitely go back again.笑
All the Japanese wine bottles on the window display caught my attention when I passed by this restaurant.  I was surprised to see a new Japanese Izayaka in this area so I decided to give it a try.  The interior is nicely decorated with around 10 to 12 tables/booths and a huge wood art table for large party.   I was lucky to get a table without reservation since I was there very early but will probably make a reservation the next time.

Our party ordered few interesting and refreshing virgin cocktails as the restaurant is still waiting for the liquor license.  With a very extensive menu, the food quality is still very solid with pretty presentation and nice touches such as custom made soy sauce and fresh wasabi.   Based on what I have ordered, I would said the food is comparable to Inatei and Hibiki.  The Shrimp Tempura and Hamachi Kama are highlights for me on that night.  

Service is very friendly but food can come out slow when the restaurant is at its full house.  This is understandable as it is still soft opening.  Ana-Oni Izakaya is definitely a great addition to the local area and I will sure come back again to try out more items.笑
The food is absolutely delicious and fresh, definitely up there for Japanese food. Service is great, just a bit pricey but worth it for the quality of food. Would definitely come back and recommend to anyone looking to eat good Japanese food. The Black Diamond roll is a must try. The Alaskan Crab milk ramen is really good. Salad and black sesame ice cream is complimentary and amazing. They don't use msg in anything which is a plus.笑
Came here after a Tesla social with friends. This is my first time here and saw they had tonkotsu so I tried it out.

It's very good. It wasn't too salty in fact it was just right.  I drank it down till I see the bottom of the bowl. 

They give two LARGE pieces of cha shew. The chashew isn't too fatty but it isn't too lean either so you get the fatty fragrance. 

The egg they give is the PERFECT amount of runniness. It's like you are eating yolk from a perfect sunny side up with a perfectly boiled hard boiled egg white. 

All of that for $9.99. You also get ice cream at the end. 

And NO MSG. 

The seating is a bit better than say niwatei since there is no fragile stuff to break when you have a kids. 

In addition this is open 7 days a week. 

This is now my new default ramen place.笑
This place is more of a Japanese restaurant than an izakaya place since their menu is extensive, wide range of menu options from sashimi/sushi to cooked food. Pricing is more on the expensive side, but they do have a lot of creative and interesting items on their menu.

Black Diamond Roll ($16)
This comes with 5 pieces. Crab meat and cucumber avocado sushi roll topped with a piece of eel, topped with foie gras, and edible golden flakes as garnish on top. I loved this. Surprisingly the foie gras were decent sizes on each roll piece, all equivalent in size. The eel and foie gras added great flavor and texture to the roll itself. I would never think to have eel and foie gras going together, but turned out really tasty. The foie gras was nicely seared, and melted well with the eel and sushi roll all in one bite. Definitely a must try!

BBQ Eel Pancake ($6)
Essentially this was a japanese style pancake topped with pieces of bbq eel. I liked how it was not thick and doughy, and with it being thin made it nice and crispy. I do think it could have more pieces or bigger pieces of eel on each pancake slice, but can't complain as it's portion was decent for 6. It did lack a bit of flavor, could use more sauce.

Flaming Negi chu-toro on rice ($14)
At first when this dish arrived I was thinking, please don't tell me this bowl is just seared chu-toro on top of rice! Surprisingly under the seared chu-toro were chunks of negi chu-toro mixed in the rice. Really tasty! 

Seared chu-toro with Yuzu pepper ($13)
Sashimi was fresh, nicely seared on the ends. It tasted good and refreshing, the yuzu pepper flavor wasn't that strong though.

Baked Oyster with Cheese & Spinach ($6.50)
This was nothing special. I was kinda hoping the oyster to be slightly bigger. I didn't like how the spinach was minced and mixed with the cheese. 

Saba ($6)
This was one of their daily specials. Marinated mackerel and slightly seared. I was surprised it was served in quite big thick pieces. I really liked this, but would have preferred it be slightly more seared.

I love the atmosphere of this place, a nice chill place for a group of friends. Definitely coming back to try their other food items!笑
Third time being here and the food is a1! Definitely recommend the salmon sushi (torched), it's not on the menu but ask for it! You won't regret it. I will be back for it笑
This place is awesome! Price is unbelievable compared to other Japanese Izakaya places 
We arrived at 12AM on a Sunday evening, the place is very fancy and they have a huge TV hanging on the wall.
Service is nice, the plates and cups they use match nicely. We brought bbt from other place and the waiter said they don't allow drink from outside, then he poured our bbt into cute glasses. SO IMPRESSIVE and FRIENDLY! 
Then we were shocked to find out that they have plenty of food to choose from with a solid price! I had the unagi rice for 8.99 and my bf had the fried pork cutlet curry rice for 5.99. The chicken skewer is 1.99 each, tofu cheesecake is 3.99
I have to admit all the item we ordered are pretty good! Especially the skewer and cheesecake! The unagi melted in my mouth! So fresh! The only pricey item we tried was the steamed egg, 6.99 but definitely worth it. The taste is very refreshing with orange slices in it.
The meal ended up to $34 for 2 ppl

Will definitely come back and try other food soon!笑
3.5 stars.

I came here with the BF for lunch on a Sat, 2 weeks ago, just before 1pm. There were a few people ahead of us, but we got seated right away as there were 2 two-person tables still available. This place wasn't very big, they only had about 4 two-person tables, 4 booths for four, and a long group table in the middle. While we were looking through the menus, we overheard people at another table complaining about how long its been taking to get the bill. Not a great sign. There appeared to be only 2 waiters working.

After deciding what we wanted, the BF waved down the girl waiter. She gave us a nod, finished bringing the table behind us their food, and proceeded to clean tables instead of coming over. After 2-3 mins of waiting, we had concluded she had forgotten about us. So I tried to wave down the guy waiter. He gave me a nod, finished processing the bill for another table, and proceeded to clean tables instead of coming over. Ok...there was a trend here... About 5 mins later, both of them finally remembered us and showed up at the same time to take our order. We asked for tea, when we ordered, and within 2 mins they came back with a teapot for our table.

We both ordered from the lunch special menu. The BF chose the Haru Bento Combo, which cames with Salmon Sushi (2pcs), Daily Maki (3pcs), Saba Shioyaki, Tempura, and Katsu Don ($12). I went for the Natsu Bento Combo, which came with Salmon Sushi (2pcs), Daily Maki (3pcs), Chicken Teriyaki, Angus Beef Roll, and Grilled Salmon Don ($13). All combos are suppose to come with Clam Miso Soup, Salad, and Dessert.
 
Our Bentos came one right after the other, so that was good. Each separate item in the combo came on its own separate dish/plate, served all on a single wooden tray. The presentation of the combo was very nice. Although the 2 trays took up basically the whole table. I was also quite impressed by all the nice Japanese-style ceramic tableware used here. The food overall was very good. The daily maki was spicy salmon. The sushi and maki were fresh, and served with real wasabi. The tempura was nice and crispy, and the shrimp was very meaty. My fav item, was the saba shioyaki from the BF's combo. I love saba, and it was cooked so moist and good. There was not a single item we did not like. Although if I had to nitpick, I found some of the thinner chicken teriyaki pieces slightly dry. 

The miso soups came half way through our meal, and that was when we remembered our combos actually came with miso soup and salad. We assumed our salads would eventually show up, but by the time we were done eating, it still had not. I was too full to eat it anyways, so we didn't bother asking for it. 

Asking for the bill took several mins, and waving down both waiters again. Finally they both came over at the same time as well. They took our dessert orders. There were 4 ice cream choices for dessert, both of us got the black sesame. We asked them to bring the bill as well. And then we waited and waited. Service here definitely needed some work. While I was waiting, I noticed some dishes seating on the counter for a few mins, finally one of the sushi chefs, came out from behind the counter to bring them to the tables. Back to the waiting, finally after almost 20 mins, seating there with my head propped up by my elbow, clearly bored. I happen to make eye contact with the guy waiter, and he finally realized we were still waiting. The bill and ice cream came within 2 mins. We quickly devoured the ice cream, asked for the machine to pay for our bill, then paid and left. Throughout our meal, there was a small line-up at the door until just after 2pm.  

I was debating whether to round up to a 4 or round down to a 3. The food here was good, I would definitely come back for it, but the service was a bit of a mess. Ending up round up, as they are still quite new. I do hope they are working on improving their service. The lunch bento combos are a pretty good deal if you want to try a little bit of several items. I'll probably be back to try some of their other foods.笑
The food was ok the waitress were ruth and the prices are sour compare with other places笑
This restaurant just opened not that long ago. However given the history of this plaza, some restaurant turnovers are quite frequent; I'm hoping that this one can stay for the long run though!

When you walk in, you are surrounded by many many glasses of wine and beer bottles displayed as a wall. You're greeted by the staff in Japanese. We had 5 people and were seated quite comfortably by the window. 

Their menu isn't very long, so there are quite a number of choices but not pages and pages of it. Since we went for Sunday lunch, they did have lunch specials. Of our group, we ordered two ramens and two bento boxes. All of the items came with salad and dessert; the bento boxes also came with clam miso soup, which is a small coup of miso soup with a clam in it. The miso soup is actually quite good. I've had a lot of miso soup in my days and i would say this is probably one of the better ones I've had. It was quite tasty, and close to how I would make miso soup at home myself (i did study sushi culinary course so I have some knowledge about this stuff).

Their salad was good. I liked how they did not DOUSE the entire greens with sauce - which is a huge problem for a lot of Japanese restaurants - often after the first time i have to ask them to put the dressing on the side for fear of them ruining my salad. I liked the dressing actually, it taste homemade, it's a bit sweet and sour and not too overpowering in terms of the taste, it blended with the salad quite well. 

Their ramen is good. The price is reasonable as well... for Tonkotsu its 9.99 which my friend ordered. I ordered the black garlic ramen for 10.99. Now they don't describe the toppings on the menu, which would be one thing i would recommend for the restaurant because not everyone likes all the toppings that they offer. but regardlesss of broth, the ramen, the meat and the toppings are all pretty similar, with slight differences for the broth types. Tonkotsu came with the seaweed (dried), but mine was the wet seaweed algae kind for the black garlic. The dishes were all very nicely presented and everything taste really good. 

Black Garlic $10.99:
i love this broth, would def get this again. noodles with cha siu topped with some corn, seaweed and lotus, and fish ring patties. The portions are quite good - it was a very large bowl with a lot of noodles. The broth with the garlic oil is delicious, perfect addition to the tonkotsu broth.

Tonkotsu Ramen $9.99:
The broth by itself was also quite good. it wasn't too salty, which was kind of nice (the black garlic actually tasted more salty lol). again the toppings aside from seaweed everything else was the same, so no need to comment on that.

Haru Bento:
This bento comes with 2 pc salmon sushi, 3 pc maki (california roll), saba shioyaki, tempura (2 pc shrimp and 2 pc sweet potato), and katsu don for $12. The grilled Saba was delicious with minimal bones! The Katsu Don contains pork cutlet with egg. Delish! I tried the tempura and i really like how their batter is light - even my fiancé who doesn't like like tempura normally, he enjoyed it. 

Natsu Bento:
This bento comes with the same amt of sushi and maki as the Haru bento, along with chicken teriyaki, angus beef roll with enoki mushrooms, and grilled salmon Don. Basically it's a stone bowl with rice topped with grille salmon and seaweed. It was quite delicious as there was some teriyaki sauce in the rice too but not overbearing. The sushi was okay. I kind of wished they put less rice into the sushi (the ratio between fish and rice isn't quite right - should be more fish and less rice for you to taste the fish properly). Their california roll was alright, but the only thing I didn't like about the sushi/maki is that the rice was not that good; a common problem in a lot of japanese restaurants actually.. which was that they didn't used rice vinegar/sugar to flavour the rice (and also the reason why i took off the one star), so it just taste kind of flat. I wasn't really impressed with the sushi, but their other stuff was definitely quite good. Perhaps their specialty rolls might be different. but the fish did taste fresh.

Afterwards  the dessert was ice-cream (green tea, red bean, black sesame) or you can upgrade $1 to their tofu cheesecake / durian pudding. the black sesame ice-cream was good. the durian pudding was good too, it had chunks of durian at the bottom. The only problem? It was in a shot glass. Kind of like the ones they serve at AYCE places. If i was paying 1 dollar to upgrade to the pudding I still don't feel its worth it. I certainly hope the size for 3.99 regular price is bigger. However I don't know if it's just the upgrade size vs. and actual regular order of the pudding. The waitress was nice enough to give me the pudding on the house, but because of the size of it, I rather just get the ice-cream instead next time!笑
This is always my go to place for Japanese food in Scarborough. I highly recommend making a reservation as it gets busy fast in the evening. I always get the deluxe sashimi platter with fish picked by the chef. The sashimi is always fresh; and quality is pretty good for the price you pay. I also love their torched sushi.... It's something to die for!!!!!!!!! Very soft and buttery and instantly melts in your mouth!  But something they could improve on could be the customer service - waiters are slow and not as attentive as other Japanese restaurants.笑
Located on Silver Star Boulevard in the small-ish plaza next to No Frills - look carefully for the sign!

Interior is nicely decorated and modern, though not too many seats. I've been here twice for lunch and both experiences have been good. Service is courteous but nothing outstanding. 

The first time I had the Take lunch bento box - this includes a grilled fish, katsu don, and roasted duck breast - around 13/14 dollars. Lunch includes a side salad and clam miso soup - the dressing of the salad is more on the savoury side and has black pepper/sesame oil in it. The soup had a clam in it the first time, and no clam the second time.

Portions were good and I left feeling satisfied. The duck breast was good as was the grilled fish - there were a few bones so be careful! It was also more on the oily side, but grilled very well - crisp on the outside. It depends on the fish - my brother had a fish that had very many small bones that would be difficult to eat if you're not used to it. The katsu don tasted good as well - don't expect your standard crispy fried katsu though, the breading was softish cause they cover it in sauce and egg. 

The salmon sashimi was excellent. Very thick and fatty pieces, very flavourful. Probably the best item of the meal. It was around 6 dollars for 3 pieces.

The second time I had the sushi/maki lunch - 14 dollars. The fish here is very fresh and I'd come here again for it. The maki was salmon with tempura pieces. The sushi included salmon, mackerel, octopus, squid, shrimp, and some unidentified fish - can't quite remember what it was. I'd never had raw squid/shrimp before, but it was a good experience - everything was very fresh.

I would come again - I might not crave anything here though. It's a tad too expensive in my opinion, enough to stop me from being a regular. The raw fish is excellent though - I would likely have sushi/sashimi if I come back. Overall probably a 3.5 because of the price.笑
Old reviews still apply, save for some slight menu changes. NEW MENU as of about two weeks ago. Some old favorites are still there, but some aren't. I'll miss you, minced grilled salmon on rice. 

Some new highlights:

Goma tako ($6.99) - Sesame octopus. Sweet, tender baby octopus served with a side of cream cheese dip. Tasty. Unusual, at least for me. Good for sharing.

Ebi mayo ($6.99) - Four fairly large shrimps. Tender shrimp. Fresh tasting. I'm a cheap foodie, but this I find a fairly justifiable price for portion. It's not a steal, but it's reasonable.

Aburi sushi ($16.99) - 8 pieces. Fish is fresh. Four kinds. Good amount of fish. Presented simply, but beautifully. Not cheap, but when is torched sushi ever cheap? Torched flavor distinct in a good way. Super tasty.

Black sesame creme brulee ($3.50?) - If they have it, it'll be on the daily specials page. Super tasty. If you like black sesame ice cream, you'll like this. Super rich and creamy, with a crispy sugar crust. Crispy, not crunchy. Big difference. This is creme brulee done right. It's a small portion, but worth savoring. This was the highlight of my meal last night. Mmmm.

Side note: Minced grilled salmon on rice ($5.50), as mentioned above, is no longer on their menu. However, they still have minced grilled salmon on rice with broth ($5.50). I'm guessing this one is a slightly smaller portion. I've had it before. Still delicious.

Can't wait to I come again!笑
4 
this is a cute little izakaya in a very busy area. 
INTERIOR: 4 STARS
the booths are really cozy and have a really nice pattern, where your back rests on. they have one private booth. The plates, bowls, cups and cutlery come straight from japan and are honestly so beautiful.
FOOD: 3.5 STARS
- Salmon collar: 4 stars
 i wantes the salmob belly but they ran out so i got the salmon collar, it was so smooth like butter and did not have a fishy smell.
-plum rice balls - 4 stars
filling and cheap, i love the plum taste, apparently its comparable to the one my friend had in japan.
- shrimp and veg tempura: 3 stars
super big shrimp and good batter, it was good, but SO expensive, literally 2 shrimps, a few vegs and thats 10 bucks...
- Black diamond roll - 4 stars 
honestly, i loved it, i lovd foie gras, eel and caviar oh and gold flakes too. mh friends didnt love it and thought the combo was a but odd so i took a star off. its a unique combo to be honest, and melts like butter in your mouth. its a bit pricey at 5 pieces for 15, but i would def.order it again
-Tofu Cheesecake: 3 stars
smooth but not fluffy or light enough. its not comparable to the one in j town, but it wasn't bad!!笑
A doorway that shows a love of sake opens into a small dark casual dining room. The service was helpful as I asked what they are best at (my favourite way of learning a new place). We ordered the chirashi and a couple of skewers - including a somewhat tough Berkshire pork and a dry crunchy tendon thingy, don't remember the actual name. The best two dishes were the unagi and foie gras on purple rice which came with gold leaf - five generous bites of it, and the o-toro sashimi. Might repeat.笑
Went for the 2-Person Lobster Set, which included the Black Diamond roll, lobster sashimi, and a couple other items.  A teensy less expensive than lobster sashimi elsewhere, but has fewer dishes too in the set too.

Anyway, the food: The best part was probably the Black Diamond roll.  I enjoyed the predominant foie gras flavour, but then...I'm a glutton, so...yeah.  There's that.  I'd be willing to come back and get just the roll again.

The lobster sashimi was a bit on the small side, but I think it's because the lobster itself is a bit on the smaller end, not because they took away pieces or anything like that.

The other food was decent too, but nothing that particularly stands out in my mind at the moment, so I guess it was OK?

Got a couple drinks too, including the shiso & gingerale combo, which didn't taste like shiso at all - just plain gingerale.  Would recommend skipping that one if you're a shiso fan.笑
Nice to have an izakaya uptown! The atmosphere is nice and food is delish!! 

I always get the black diamond roll. A must try item! There's foie gras, bbq eel and caviar on a roll topped with shimmery gold glitter. Very rich texture and flavour :)

I also love their ramen. Any ramen on their menu tastes great! Be sure to ask the server for their home made garlic to add to the ramen! 

I recently tried the "big bang" which is salmon sashimi and sea urchin on rice. Tastes SO GOOD! And presented so beautifully.笑
Had the salmon avocado bowl here was yummy. Only giving 4/5 stars because it was a small portion and kind of too much fish roe..  

I love fish roe Maki but I felt like I should've asked for it on the side instead. 

Also, they filled my glass with water initially and when I asked for more water, he brought the jug over- I was assuming he'd pour it for me because that's what they did initially but oh well no big deal. 

Didn't need any soy sauce for this- this was awesome without any sauce. 

This dish came with a house salad (dressing was sweet and tangy with a hint of ginger) 
And a miso soup - nothing special. 

Also ordered a side of spicy salmon roll (can you tell I'm a salmon lover? Haha) it was okay... A bit too much of rice and not enough salmon in the rolls. 

Would come here again :)笑
Great little gem uptown. I came here for ramen but ended up getting sushi too. Ramen tasted good and pleasantly surprised at how fresh the sushi was.笑
The miso ramen was so good that's all I crave now.  Little disappointed that service is really slow even tho we were the first ones there. They don't have enough servers, even on a Saturday. 
Tofu cheesecake is just ok.  I'd rather japanesecheesecake at Love Me Sweet at Yonge and steeles.笑
Came here to check out the place and I'm surprised this only got a 3 1/2 out of 5 stars.

First off the quality of the sushi is the bomb. The must have is the black Diamond.  Foie Gras, gold flakes and caviar on my sushi... yes please.

The staff is pretty nice too.  They also have this kimchi beef and cheese roll that was amazing. Also loved their ramen. 

The torched saba sushi roll was also delish 

Must go for sure!笑
Lunch: 3 stars.  Dinner: 4 stars.  Services 5 stars.  Overall 4 stars.

I had a lunch here last Friday with 2 co-workers.  We ordered from the lunch menu a bento box, a sushi combo, and a maki lunch.  We all thought the sushi, sashimi, maki and tempura were average/okay.  The chicken meat skewer tasted good.  The miso soup was great.  You probably notice the pattern: hot food is better than the cold/raw food.  The portion of the bento box was generous: a man of average appetite would find it sufficient. The portions of the sushi combo and the maki lunch were smaller, and is not good value considering the price. 

I had a dinner here on the same weekend.  We ordered a butter miso ramen, a grilled salmon rice with broth, a maki roll, a salmon tataki and 5 different types of skewers.  The rice and ramen tasted decent.  I would say a ramen speciality restaurant makes a better ramen; otherwise, this ramen was on par with most of the better Japanese restaurants.  My mom enjoyed the rice, because she liked the broth.  She wished there was more meat though.  Considering the prices, both the rice and ramen were good values.  The skewers were the stars of the evening.  They were all fresh and well made.  I personally liked the chicken meat and fishcake skewers the most.  All the skewers were delicately flavoured.  I appreciated this style, even though I am more used to bold flavoured food, because lighter flavours highlighted the freshness of the ingredients. The salmon tataki was fresh.  The flavouring was not exactly my cup of tea.  Again, I respect the individual style of the chefs.

The services levels over the 2 meals were consistently excellent.  Kudos to outstanding services from the floor to the kitchen for they bending their backs backward to accommodate the dietary restriction of one of my co-workers.  He sincerely appreciated everything.  The services at dinner was also pleasant, polite, fast and accommodating as best they could.  My niece asked to not have soda in a speciality drink, and the chef made it happen.  

AKA-ONI lzakaya is a valuable addition to the culinary scene of North Scarborough.  It is located in a Chinese mall, yet its services level exceeds what I usually experience at a mid ranged restaurant (of any cuisine) run by Chinese.  In a word, this restaurant aims higher.笑
This is my favourite izakaya in Markham - the food always impresses me! There's a lot of variety in their menu, so remember to take your time in looking through their 3 menus! 

Tako wasabi ($5): Aka-Oni is definitely generous with the portion! It also came with some wasabi peas. If you like a strong wasabi flavour, this is a must try - it got me teary... (We wanted to try the sesame tako but it was sold out at 8:30pm.)

Regular sashimi set ($24): The quality and freshness of their sashimi is there. The server took his time to explain to us each kind of fish which I was very thankful for. I'm not good with the names so check out my photo to see if they have your favourite kind! My top 2 were the scallop and the mackerel eggs. 

Clams in sake broth ($10): This is just perfect for the cold weather. There's plenty of clams, and the broth is hearty and heavy sake taste (very impressed). 

Black cod marinated in miso ($11): SO SO GOOD. I don't even need to go into further details...

Tofu cheesecake ($4): I'm a big fan of tofu cheesecake, and I definitely love this. Especially at this price, it's a steal - for skip out on desserts! I didn't get to try the durian pudding (not a fan of durian T T) but my friend said it was amazing. 

Just be prepared to take a while to find parking... there are so many restaurants (ie. Deer Garden and Destiny) in this strip but the parking space is very limited. All in all, would I come back? YES!! I haven't had the chance to try their ramen - still going through their izakaya items...笑
This is my second time I came to AKA-ONI, I really liked the grilled salmon rice with broth. The soup serves in a kettle. I personally quite like the flavour. I've also ordered the Chef's Recommendation, the Hokkaido King Crab Milky ramen. There were at least four pieces of decent size king crab in a bowl of ramen, it is very good and I've really enjoyed the broth. It's unique and different. As I finished the last sip of it. I have been to most of the ramen places in downtown. But the broth for this particular ramen I was impressed.

The clam is sake broth was okay. As I found the sake broth a bit over powering and strong.

I've ordered the Black Diamond roll with Foie Gras, BBQ Eel, Caviar, Crab Meat, Cucumber Avocado and Gold Glitter. It's a very unique roll as I like foie gras.  Overall, I would recommend this restaurant.笑
Everything here was fresh and amazing! I recommend everyone to try the sashimi and all the appetizers at this restaurant. The staff was very friendly too. Loved it.笑
With no reservations on Valentine's Day tonight (shocking, I know), DC and I tried our luck at the newly opened, small Japanese izakaya called Aka-Oni 赤鬼 at Silver Stars Blvd. It is so new that the sign above the restaurant still says Sichuan cuisine lol.

Opened just a few days ago, Aka-Oni is on their soft opening period. We were both impressed by the quality of food, presentation and service provided. Even the serving plates they used were of nice quality!

Veg salad and Miso (w/ clam!) were complimentary. I also received a Genmai Float on the house because I was the first customer who ordered it :D Thank you! It is an iced Genmaicha (roasted rice tea) topped with red bean ice cream. It was light and delicious... I wish I had more ice cream and crispy genmai toppings :3 so good.

We shared the following:

Ume Set dinner came with 4 pcs sashimi, 2 pcs sushi, 4 pcs tempura, Angus steak, grilled black cod, and a bowl of rice. You have to take note of that butterflied jumbo shrimp in the tempura... it was so meaty!!

Yazu (baby hamachi) sashimi was a limited time offer... I can't tell the difference between baby vs. regular hamachi. But it was still damn good.

Torched Fatty Fish Sushi set came in 3 pcs - sea bream, fatty tuna and hamachi. I love any aburi... it just enhances the fish flavour so much! Don't even need wasabi :) Btw, the wasabi is so fresh too!

Desserts are complimentary during soft opening period! We had the black sesame ice cream (which is similar to HIME from T&T... very typical), and the homemade durian pudding... it is delicious for those who can stand the strong smell XD They used chunks of real durian meat, yummy!

At the end of the meal, they gave us keychains for Valentine's Day... so sweet of them! I also signed up for their 10% VIP card... you have to see (and hold!) for yourself, this card is quite special.

Despite minor soft opening mistakes, I would defineitly come back again and tell all my friends! Keep up the great work, Aka-Oni :D

----------------------------------------

Update: Feb 26, 2016 - Large group is doable (just had a group of 20 people last weekend) but be sure to call them beforehand and reserve table.笑
Came here for lunch with a few friends. 

I have tried their Chiraishi, bento box lunch sets, tako wasabi. The bento boxes  came with salad and dessert (ice cream, durian pudding). Which is really nice, especially since you can upgrade the dessert to a Tofu Cheesecake. My friend was especially obsessed for the durian pudding. For the quality - it's not bad. I did think that the lunch bento boxes were a lot more worth the price than the other options. I did try to cheesecake, but I think it wasn't sweet enough for me (I just have a sweet tooth). But I know a lot of people really enjoyed the cheesecake. 

The only thing that may limit my visits is probably the cost. If you are coming for dinner - the sashimi/bento options are a bit more costly. However, I know if you get those rice bowls - it's a pretty good deal. Overall, it's really not bad for all the different izakaya's that has opened across Toronto. I'd definitely come back again - for lunch.笑
AKA-ONI Izakaya is a good addition the restaurant scene at Silver Star Blvd. I would not consider this as an Izakaya but more like a Japanese restaurant.

Sashimi, Sushi, Rolls, Ramen and even Kushi. I like the selection of seasonal fresh fish from Japan. The most surprising dessert was definitely Durian Pudding?! I love the pudding but that was nothing "Japanese" about that!

Service is decent. And I would be back if I am in the plaza and want Japanese.

Price is on the pricier side.笑
Came here with my girlfriend on a late night, couldn't really decide what to eat. This place has a cool front decoration of bottles.

This is an izakaya(-like) place with a bunch of different daily specials. They have sushi, rolls, ramen, grilled foods, etc. Going by some of the other reviews, we ordered the black diamond roll as well as tako wasabi, a shoyu ramen, grilled cod, and a durian pudding.

The black diamond roll was VERY rich, containing eel, foie gras, and caviar. And you pay for it too, I believe the roll was $15. But it's definitely something you might want to try. The tako wasabi could have used a bit more octopus, and was a little too strong for my girlfriend. Ramen and grilled cod were decent but I would've hoped for a bigger piece of cod. The durian pudding came in a tiny cup, and was quite light.笑
This is my go to place for ramen in Scarborough! I have literally tried every place around here and no ramen compare to here. I usually get he black garlic ramen and my boyfriend always gets the miso butter. It is amazing every time! The service is very friendly and the atmosphere is great!笑
Ambiance/decor-5
Service-5
Food-4
Strikeouts-0/3

I thoroughly enjoyed my lunch here, and a nice change of restaurants in this plaza. The prices are definitely competitive. I only ordered a Ramen, but they gave me both a complimentary salad and dessert. Both which were unexpected and not listed on the menu, but apparently part of every meal. I wish ordered the DONs at this point, but when the ramen came, I was definitely impressed. Not only was it displayed well, it had a healthy portion of noodles, meat, and the RIGHT EGG. People can skimp out and not give you Shoyu Egg (gooey egg as I call it). Many restaurants do it and I frown upon it, including the changing out of the ramen and cutting out portions of meat to save money. This place does it RIGHT, several slices of meat, I counted 4 slices, and an extra egg means literally an addditional egg, so 3 sliced eggs! I was in food heaven, and I hate ramen! I went to kinton and sensotei ramen, and it just doesn't compare to the traditional ramen you get here. The soup base is the only thing that is special at the other restaurants. The soup base here is pretty normal.

Service was definitely top notch for lunch time, and I hope it continues for dinner. The place looks modern, and definitely hip for youngsters these days for late night skewers!笑
One of many new places to open in the area that I wanted to try. Went in w a party of 4 and the place was packed! The staff was really friendly and told us it would take around 20 mins or so. Lucky for us a few minutes later they informed us that one of the reservations didn't show up so we got their table.

What caught my attention was the Black Garlic ramen. I had it previously in Japan and loved it. Ordered it here to try it out and dare I say, it was even better than the one I had in Japan. And they weren't stingy on the black garlic sauce too! Yummy! Also ordered their grilled eel, it was done just right, very tender and juicy, I just wished it came with more! One of my friends got the Eel pancake and it was really good too! Gonna get an order for myself next time. The sashimi however, I felt wasn't really worth it, it was good quality but for the price I expected more.

At they end they asked us if we wanted dessert and informed us that ice cream was free. Hell yeah got me black sesame ice cream and it did not disappoint. Will definitely be back to try the other ramen and items!笑
Nice jap food place and nice decor.  We order few signature dishes. If you like foie gras, you must try their foie gras eel sushi and rmb to eat it in one bite! And you have everything melt in your mouth. Sashimi are fresh and the ramen is outstanding too. My bf drank the all the soup!