Yes the pho broth was good and so were the toppings. The menu was too basic. Imperial rolls were just ok, nothing special. I came and felt a little rush to order.笑
I was hesitant to eat pho as I have never been a fan before, but I tried it here and it was great! The decor of this place is really cool, the servers are super attentive and can hold great conversation if that's what you're looking for. The menu has a lot of options which is great if you're a vegetarian or vegan. I got the classic pho with chicken, you might want to add your own seasoning to make it more flavourful. They also offer a loyalty card which I thought was a cool idea.笑
Pho Vistro is waaay overhyped on Yelp.  Maybe because I was raised on old-school pho.

Pho Vistro is super nice when you walk in.  It has a hipster/bar vibe feel. They proudly show off that every thing is organic and locally bought.  A huge plus and I think their advantage point.  They even have a vegan option for pho (like damn, that's hard). 

Yet, onto the negatives.  The waitress there was a little bewildered.  She had a hard time taking our order and we had to repeat ourselves several times.  That's okay, sometimes people have an off day.  However, when we were trying to get our bill to go, she fully served another table that was walking in (seating them, getting them water, getting them menus, and taking their orders) before returning to us - this took almost a full 10 minutes.  Like ...????????????

The pho itself wasn't horrible but not the aromatic, mouth-watering pho I enjoy so much on Spadina.  The soup didn't have MSG so a plus.  However, the price vs. quantity vs. quality spectrum was way off.  Price was high, quantity was low, and quality was below average.  The unique beansprouts (?) were small and cute but tasted very bitter (I know it's suppose to taste like that but it wasn't my cup of tea). 

Overall, I would not come back and rather go back to Spadina and brave the crowds to get a bowl of cheaper and bigger bowl of pho.笑
I found better for less 

Soup was like warm 

Not a lot of meat 

No flavor to soup 

4/10笑
I've heard mixed reviews but I'd have to give it a four star. The food was good, there was noticeably less sodium, the beef was very soft and not tough or rare like some other pho places and portion is generous. The only thing is that it's more than I'd pay for pho (~$11 per bowl, no size options). 

The atmosphere is surprisingly nice for a pho place but it's by no means a fancy restaurant either. 

I would say if you want a relatively less salty and lighter pho without compromising the quality this is a good place to go to. The service is also very nice and friendly here.笑
Really cute place! Friendly staff, quick service, and their pho is both gluten free and free of msg. Would definitely recommend it if you're looking for a quick place to grab a bite downtown.笑
Ew what happened to this place :x It tasted so amazing when I first came here now my vegan pho tastes like dirt water. Not even a handful of veggies in a $11 bowl of soup and now I find my self asking for water and assistance from the waiter rather than him asking me. I can't even consume this meal, straight home into the dog dish.笑
Vegan pho was awesome. I may be wrong but the broth tasted like it had a hint of cardamom. Fresh vegetables, tasty noodles, light broth. The cold rolls weren't as tasty but light and healthy. Service was great. There are chicken and beef options and a couple of poutine dishes, Vietnamese style.笑
I stopped in by myself for a steamy bowl of vegan pho. The delicious broth did not disappoint! I ordered extra veggies for my bowl as the server suggested, so I'm not sure how much comes with a regular portion. I like how they display the various ingredients that make up the broth and their health properties.笑
- Really nice ambience and interior design
- Great pho with even greater taste
- Unique menu - not just typical pho with various options of which type of meet you want to put in, but have noodle vs salad with dried pho option. 
- Pretty quiet unlike typical pho place
- Open kitchen
- HEALTHY taste,  and with no msg
- has a vegan option 
- has a take-out option笑
Although i have passed from this street several times, i haven't noticed this restaurant before, found it when i was looking for my MealPal lunch. It is decorated very nicely, best decorated Vietnamese restaurant i have ever seen, very cozy. Service was very fast and kind. I had beef pho, it was very yummy!!!

It was take out, they put noodles and cooked beef in one container, veggies in a bag(lime slices, greens, sprouts), beef broth and sauce. There were 2 types short sprouts, they were crunchy an: delicious. In a separate bag there was some red meat, i was almost gonna cook it in microwave, but magically as soon as i put beef broth on it it turned cooked!!! mixed everything and ate the whole thing, it was such a treat!!!笑
This place pretends that pho is fancy food. It is not. It is simple and cheap 
Vietnamese street food. 

Soup itself is not bad, but even if you get extra noodles / meat, you will still be hungry soon enough. As such, it is not an ideal lunch option. Also, their lunch special rolls are smaller than the regular order. The menu does not warn you about that.

Bean sprouts were small and bitter, really bad tasting.

For the amount of food you get it should be cheaper.笑
Pho Vistro is the only place in Toronto that I currently know of that serves dried pho. I've had it once in San Francisco and it was amazing so I was dying to find a place in Toronto with it. 

I ordered the chicken salad pho (dried pho) and it was superb. The broth (that they give you on the side) and ingredients seemed really healthy and you could tell that there weren't a lot of MSG. 

My only complaint was that there was only one waitress for 5 tables and trying to flag her down for the bill took a really long time. All in all, would definitely come here again to also try to try the classic pho since I find their ingredients healthier than most!笑
New favourite pho place in Toronto. 
This place has a healthy twist on Vietnamese food, while maintaining all the flavour. The menu is different than other pho places too, offering more variety of view food. 
Things we ordered:
Apps; The wings (fav app), cold spring roll with sushi, sweet potato poutine. 
Mains; short rib entree (SO GOOD), pho vistro 

Can't wait to try more off the menu. 

Also super cute staff笑
We got delivery from Pho Vistro last night (via foodora). I was really excited because they have vegan pho but was a bit disappointed.

We got:

- vegan spring rolls
- vegan fresh rolls
- vegan pho
- vegan dry pho

The spring rolls were good but the fresh rolls were lacking. Just vegetables and alfalfa sprouts. Dipping sauce was mediocre. A thin greenish semi-sweet sauce. I had it with hoisin and sriracha instead.

The traditional pho was okay, not fantastic though. The flavours were good but IMHO the broth was too mild. Also not enough tofu (literally just 4-5 *slivers*) and there were alfalfa sprouts... 

The dry pho (I'm assuming) is their version of the traditional vermicelli bowl, but with thicker rice noodles, no spring roll and a small bowl of broth.

Having said that, give it a try! You might like their spin on things.笑
Great food, all very fresh and delicious and service is good and fast. Many good options on the menu. The sweet potatoes poutine was completely different and very tasty. Chicken wings were fresh and an order had five pieces. The Pho Vistro was delicious and also very fresh. The smoothies can be ordered without sugar and still tasted great. Highly recommend it, clean, fast and delicious :)笑
3.5 stars
This place was just alright. I got the lunch special with the spring rolls for $12.00. 
The spring rolls tasted great, and the pho was just alright- nothing spectacular. 
I found it to be a bit pricey considering most Vietnamese places offer a small pho for $7/8. I guess the price is higher because this is located downtown. 
The disappointing thing for me was that I paid the $12 for the lunch special so that I could get the spring rolls, but the spring rolls were a smaller size than if you were to get the appetizer on its own. Meaning the lunch special isn't much of a deal, considering  that the classic pho it comes with is 10.50 and the spring roll is smaller. 

Would I come back here again? Yeah, probably, if I was craving pho for my lunch break. But if I could curb my cravings to dinner time, I'd go to my usual spot.笑
I came here visiting from
NYC and was happily surprised by the generous and delicious lunch special. Pho and Spring Rolls for a reasonable price! A great spot with friendly staff, the owner came to chat with me and shared everything is locally sourced. Amazing place and tasty food!笑
Super clean and easy! Love that there is no msg and their food is organic! Broth is yummy, warm and filling. I had the vegan classic bowl. Everything is really presentable clean and simple. This place is well done!笑
What's making this a three star rather than two is honestly the no msg part. I've been here twice, the first time really didn't count cause all I got was an avocado smoothie which was decent. I could tell they used real avocados but I've had better. 

The second time, I got the pho classic. I thought the broth was good and I liked that it didn't feel super salty and I could definitely taste that there wasn't msg in it. I usually feel super thirsty and my mouth had a sticky sensation after eating food with tons of msg but I didn't feel it with this which was good. I wasn't too big of a fan of the gluten free pho noodles, I thought that they lacked texture. There also wasn't much meat or variations of meat in the pho. But the meat that was there, I got beef, was cook at a right amount and wasn't too tough like some other pho places. Along with the pho, I got the fried spring roll, beef again. I liked that it didn't feel heavy but thought that they could've put more meat in there or just have more flavour in general. 

Overall, this place is decent if you're looking for something homey and somewhat healthy (because let's be real, how healthy is pho really) but I definitely wouldn't say it's my top go to pho place.笑
I love the idea of healthy pho! 

Came here a few nights ago when I was really craving pho and wanted to try something new. To be honest, I didn't know this was a healthy pho restaurant when I saw it on yelp but I decided to go there because in the photos the restaurant looked cute, clean and NOT grimy like the usual pho joints. 

My boyfriend and I were seated and noticed that we were the only ones in the restaurant. Interestingly, we looked across the street at the ginger pho restaurant and it was packed. 

We ordered the pho with beef and chicken and it was pretty good but did not satisfy my pho craving (I was probably craving the msg which was missing). I added a lot of hoisin sauce in my soup because it was a little bland compared to what I'm used. Its also more expensive than regular pho in Markham at least. 

I'm not sure if I would come back soon but Im glad someone has taken the initiative to create a healthier pho!笑
Very very good. The taste is very light and the soup has it own flavor and I really like it .笑
Great for cheap, quick pho. I love their Thai iced tea too. Very traditional, not sickly sweet. Great for a rainy day (which it was).笑
If you are craving genuine Viêt pho for reasonable prices, you'd be better off going to a "dirty" place like Pho Hung or Pho Tien Thanh. While this healthy Pho variation tastes decent, it lacks the saturated flavour of authentic pho. For $10 per bowl, it is not worth it either. 

However, the staff are extremely friendly and the restaurant is clean, cozy, and English-friendly. They also do Foodora delivery and take-out.笑
TLDR: not your typical pho restaurant, healthy food with no MSG, pho is not as flavourful, good service, very nice deco and aesthetics. 

---

Upon entering, the first thing that sticks out is the deco and aesthetics - very nice and inviting looking and "insta-worthy". We were all too hungry to take pics however. 

The menus are very simple to understand. From reading the menu, you can tell right off the bat that the pho they serve is "healthier" and not like the typical pho you find at a regular Vietnamese restaurant. It looks like the restaurant prides itself in their healthier take on the popular dish and not using MSG - which is great! I decided to order the house special with chicken (because we were already taking the healthier route). 

The pho was indeed different. Because of their healthy recipe (and because i ordered chicken), the broth was not as flavourful as what I'm used to. Not to say that I didn't enjoy the meal - the meal indeed satisfied my pho cravings and I left full and without regret. I overall thought that it was a fresh take to the dish. 

If you are craving for some authentic and flavourful pho, this place is not for you. But if you want to try something new and are open to a "healthier" alternative to pho coupled with really nice deco and aesthetics, this place is for you.笑
3.5 stars. 

I came here for weekday lunch at around 12, and the place was full. That being said, the restaurant was arranged in a way that I never felt overcrowded, so that was nice. 

I ordered a Viet coffee, and we all ordered the lunch special, which came with pho and springs rolls. The spring rolls were nothing special, but also not disappointing. The viet coffee was not very strong, and seemed pre-made (it came to me all dripped in about 2 minutes after I made my order). 

I love the idea of healthy pho, I put so much hosin and hot sauce in this pho (I normally don't add any sauce into my pho), I'm pretty sure I cancelled out all the "less sodium" and other benefits. The beef and sprouts were tasty and fresh, but the soup lacked flavour, and the noodles didn't have the same texture I expected from pho noodles. I guess this place is just not for me ‍笑
There was a promotion from an online ordering provider and it gave me an opportunity to try this restaurant out. From the prices, it was more expensive than other Vietnamese restaurants in general. Pick-up was quick and convenient plus the order was ready at the time that I was scheduled to pick-up. 

They separate the soup from the noodles and beef which was great to ensure that the soup didn't overcook the beef or have the noodles soak up the soup. The soup base was nice and not overpowering compared to other places where you are left thirsty by the middle of the meal with lots of MSG. 

The beef and veggies were in small bags to easily pour out and not to contaminate the other ingredients or containers.  Beef was higher end quality as they used sirloin which I thoroughly enjoyed.  It was slightly cooked so I control how rare it would be so it was still tender. The veggies appear to be similar to alfalfa sprouts and not the normal bean sprouts at other restaurants. 

By the end, the meal was filling and I didn't get hungry again until dinner time. The soup was not too hot but maybe since they had prepared the meals with a few orders together.  It also slowly cooked the beef and didn't overcook it. Definitely a step up compared to the typical pho places.笑
Pros
- Actually NO MSG. I have a sensitivity to MSG and had the pho and didn't have any reactions, so I've finally found a pho place that I can eat at
- Fresh: spring rolls to the dressings, it was fresh

Cons
- Pho was a bit bland, but just add your own preferred seasoning
- Meat didn't have tripe or other traditional pho ingredients 
- Pricy for pho

Overall 3 stars, would come back because of the no MSG.笑
Had some time to kill before the opera. Found this place on Yelp and it had good reviews so bam!

Only thing is that the food was meh. Broth was too bland. Seating was too high. There was a lot of detail and thought out into the restaurant and that's where the 3 stars were earned. 

They also have a charging station for phones which was a very nice touch. 

There are definitely better Pho places at a better price.笑
Definitely have lunch there! We popped in after some shopping and were pleasantly surprised by the contemporary and fresh decor! A lot of thought and planning went into the decor including the bathroom (the steps down to the washroom are not redone but the rest is). Also check out the cute sign for the bathroom. Not accessible. 

The phö is simple but classic and the flavour of the broth is very good. Seems like quality ingredients. Thus a little more expensive than most traditional phö places. 

Note: not a lot of room for strollers or wheelchairs. Also there are only high stools and bench seating, i.e. not accessible. I'm not sure if they have a high chair tall enough. 

Good for kids? No 
Good for groups? Max of 6 people 
Would I recommend this restaurant? Yes 

Will I be going back? Yes!笑
The restaurant had a very nice and cozy feel to it. The staff was friendly and the menu was very diverse. Although not a vegetarian/vegan myself, I appreciate that they have options for everyone! I may try their vegan pho on my next visit! The food itself was lovely and felt simple and healthy. If you're looking for a nice, warm, MSG-free and healthy bowl of pho, this is the place to go!笑
I'm Vietnamese and also a vegan and I loved the vegan pho!  You're obviously not going to get the same pho taste without the beef broth but they did a great job in making a broth that was pho-like.  Super clean, fresh, healthy.  And organic sprouts?  Umm hello who even does that?  So good.  Also, after all my years of trolling reviews on yelp, this is my first review because I haven't stopped thinking about the damn pho and I really want them to do well.  I'll be coming back as many times as I can.  Heyooo!笑
I decided to try this place after hearing about all their vegan options and was happy to finally get my hands on some vegan pho. The broth was delicious and quite flavorful. The soup itself was filled with lots of noodles, leaving me full and feeling like I got my $10.50s worth. The only negative thing I have to say is that I wish the noodles were thinner, but that's just personal preference. The ambiance and service were great, which left me quite satisfied with the overall experience. I will definitely be returning!笑
It's the only all natural/no-msg pho, likely in the city.  To be honest, i walked into this restaurant expecting typical pho experience without knowing about all natural, msg part.  After having gone through experience, i think i still like the traditional pho experience better until my doctor tells me otherwise..

After my experience at Pho Vistro, i did leave a snarky review but to my surprise, Dat, who is the owner of the restaurant reached out to me and offered me free dinner on the house.  I have not gone back to claim this free dinner on the house but I really appreciated him being honest about how re-inventing his pho to taste like non-healty, MSG pho but agreeing that they can always work on the service side of things and it was sooooooo cool that he did that.  And for this reason, I chose to revise my review to fit the bill better by removing my sarcasm but replace it with fair and honest response by taking what i didnt know at the time into consideration of my review;

1. Expensive
The price pho is higher than what you are used to in typical pho restaurant.  The bean sprouts are even organic and for this reason, it will cost extra when you ask for more sprouts.  There is also only 1 size as you will not have size options.  I think it's comparable to a size between what would be small and medium in typical pho joints.

2. Slow service
The service is on the slower side.  The food takes some time to prep and come out as well as the order in how the food comes out mimics more of a canadian place rather than an asian place.  

3. Taste
The taste is more bland than flavourful, i must say.  I did go back 20 yrs to when i first started eating pho and had to regrettably mix in Sriracha & hoisin in my bowl of pho.  But after understanding that this is all natural and healthy bowl of pho, i receded back to "all good things for your body must taste less superior than those bad for your body" belief.. 

In summary, i'm slightly torn... I'd love to support business like this yet it doesn't agree with my value proposition and the satisfaction i get out of GOOD bowl of regular pho.  This place also probably is the cleanest pho I've ever visited with an open kitchen which is always a good thing in any restaurants.  (they got nothing to hide!)  If you are a healthy eater and up for an adventure of new type of pho restaurant, you should certainly try this place.  But if you expect the typical viet pho experience, you might find yourself confused and perhaps even disappointed.笑
4.5 stars! The spring rolls were super delicious. I had the classic pho with beef and it was great. The broth was flavorful and there was so much meat. A lot of places only put a couple pieces of meat. Service was okay. Everything tasted fresh as well.笑
Came here for lunch and got their lunch special which is $12 for a spring roll and a bowl of pho. Great deal and I was so full. This place is nicely decorated with an open kitchen, probably one of the very few pho places where their sauce bottles aren't sticky. They also give a generous amount of meat (beef was what I chose) in their pho with  delocious broth that's tasty but not too salty(they claim no msg!), and even their bean sprouts were well plated. This place is also great for busy weekday lunches because their service is fast and efficient. Will come back to try their other spring rolls.笑
A very clean and organized place. They have an open kitchen which means they are very reliable to their food and cooking process.笑
This a decent place for a pho date. Think of it as upscale pho with delicate bean sprouts and fancy table settings. There could have been more ingredients in the pho and the meat could have been a little better but over all quite nice. There are many places that have better and cheaper pho but have less atmosphere.笑
Super fresh pho! I was a little sick and really needed some good hearty pho. Prices are reasonable and comparable to other places. Great ambiance, excellent service.  Best choice and pho in the area!笑
Food: 4/5
Service: 5/5
Atmosphere: 4/5
Would come back? Yes

This restaurant is owned by a Vietnamese family serving northern-style (Hanoi) pho. Its menu emphasizes the health benefits of pho and uses no MSG, organic broth. 

What I ordered:
1. Pho Vistro (Chicken & Beef Pho) (4.5/5) - a hearty, light broth full of flavour but not too salty. The noodles are thicker than the typical pho noodles you would see at most restaurants - this is unique to Hanoi pho. I would recommend getting this and if it's too mild for you, you could always add hoisin/sriracha. It's around $10 per bowl, so on the pricier end for pho, but well worth it for the higher quality ingredients. I finished the entire bowl including the broth - and it didn't leave me dehydrated and wanting to drink water for the next 5 hours!

2. Chicken Fried Spring Rolls (4/5) - the spring rolls were crispy and tasted authentic. The flavour is on the milder side - you could tell they didn't add too much salt. My only wish is that they had pork spring rolls! 

3. Vietnamese-Style Ribs (4.5/5) - extremely tender and flavourful braised beef, comes with a side of rice and salad. Loved the tangy coleslaw-style salad on the side!

4. Vietnamese-Style Chicken Wings (4/5) - came with 5 wings, these were pretty standard chicken wings. Flavour was just right. 

At the end of my meal, they gave me a loyalty card. I'd definitely come back again for the healthy pho and an even larger side of Salad Vistro!笑
Best pho ever! True vegetable based pho. Veggie spring rolls are incredible. Service excellent.笑
I had the Chicken Pho Classic and loved the healthy, simple, and pure taste of the broth.   I would come again for a healthy and great tasting meal. Service was pretty good as well.笑
Did not like anything about this pho. The broth was thin and not rich at all. Not enough noodles either.笑
The Pho was really tasty considering they use zero MSG and all natural ingredients. Doesn't have that artificial sodium taste as cheaper Pho restaurants. The price is on par with most quality Viet restos. Not fair to compare it to the fast-food style pho spots. Highlighy recommend the spring rolls appetizer with their No Peanut, Peanut Sauce. Tastes like peanut sauce to me :) I'd love to know how they do that. Also, would like to see some Vietnamese waitresses tho.笑
Delicious vegetable pho made with VEGAN broth - first I have come across in Toronto - fantastic on a cold night - intimate restaurant with tasteful decor and nice clean bathrooms - friendly owners - I wish them much success!  Queen Street West, just west of University, south side.
We had two different kinds of spring rolls and we both had the veg pho.  Will definitely go back!
Dined November 2016笑
This is the best Pho place that I have found! Tastes just like my mama's homemade Pho or better. I finally found a place with no msg, has vegan options and actually tastes authentic. The service was superb. The servers are extremely friendly. A highly recommended place!笑
We had pho soup and spring rolls. The service was excellent and the food was delicious, tasty and the portions were very generous!  Many options for vegetarians or vegans too.笑
This place was ok at best. 

A small casual restaurant on Queen West. Everything felt clean and "pretty" but the food really didn't hit the spot for me. 

We ordered the classic pho - 1 beef, 1 chicken. The food was decent amount, thicker pho noodles. The soup tasted light but of course you can add sauces in there. What I really didn't like was the bean sprouts - they used the greenish bean sprouts instead of the regular ones that most pho restaurants use. Hats off to them for trying to be healthy and making it different, but it was somewhat bitter and did not go well with the pho noodles. 

Price is on the higher end for pho but not too bad for a place that boasts healthy recipes (*cough Fresh on Spadina cough*). Overall, this wouldn't be a place that I'd visit again anytime soon.笑
Great food. They opened last Thursday. It's healthy and organic Viet food, which is very unique. Great stuff.笑
I came here looking for traditional pho with meat (i did not want anything vegetarian), I specifically wanted chicken pho.  upon reading the menu outside the store front it appeared to be a traditional pho restaurant with the typical queen st. marketing.  i ordered the classic chicken pho and upon receiving my bowl, i immediately noticed there was only tofu in my pho and NO CHICKEN. I was very disappointed to see no chicken meat in my bowl. I enjoy vegetarian and vegan food so instead of sending it back, i decided to give the tofu a ago. the broth does not have a strong taste and is weak. its not as flavourful as other traditional phos. The restaurants pitch is that it doesnt use MSG. and thats great, but any good chef knows other spices should be used to bring flavour to the broth. shit even a little sprinkle of salt and butter would have helped bring flavour to this dish.  i also did not appreciate the noddle, it was a typical rice noodle where I prefer the egg noodle. furthermore, the menu has toppings you can add, including extra "meat". I would suggest paying the extra 2$ and adding the additional portion. I got two thin strips of tofu, this barely seemed like enough. when i order pho, i am typically given a whole chicken breast, which is usually a nice portion size. 2 strips of tofu is hardly comparable.  Overall, the soup seemed to lack content. this place has great potential but they need to tweak a few things.笑
I really love and admire their enthusiasm and effort about the well-being, heathy and clean concept of pho noodle soup !!:)

Located Queen and john area in downtown.

I am a huge pho lover.
I have tried almost every popular pho noodle places in Toronto.

So I was wondering how it would look like and taste like.

It was small and cozy and nicely interiored restaurant with clean atmosphere:)

I ordered classic pho with beef.

The only thing I didnt like about the menu  was there is no tendon or beef tripe as a topping. 

Anyways food was delicious without msg.

They use organic bean sprout which is so unique!!

At first bite I can tell the differences with other regular pho taste which is not intense and not deep enough flavour but later I could feel and taste how great it is.

Service was good and kind.

And they have open kitchen.

Also they have one of the most clean and hygenic washroom!!

I really love their concept for clean and healthy vibe.

The only thing I didnt like was the seating table and chair which is too high and uncompy for me.

Anyways It was great experience and happy to know this kind of place:)笑
Pho for lunch! People asked me why I had pho as the first meal in Toronto, well, that becomes a mystery. Who knows. I just entered this place and feel the decor is welcoming. And I need a place to rest a bit. This did not disappoint me. Simple and healthy. Yes, healthy but good taste. I had the lunch special: beef pho with spring rolls. 

The place is neat and tidy, and the food looks so too. The green bean sprouts looked like organic ones as they are kinda thin. The taste is a bit bitter however I liked it. 

The ingredients taste and look fresh and good, the soup is light but flavorful. I like it that way. 

I sat towards the kitchen, so I can really see them preparing the food. The decor is nice and high tables and stools were good to relax my feet. But the stool may fall somehow. 

In summary, good place for a quick, warm and healthy meal.笑
Best vegan pho I ever had. As close to the traditional pho as it can ever be. Taste so fresh. Love the organic sprouts笑
I'm actually very shocked to see this place get so many positive reviews after what I experienced. The pho itself was quite bland to me and my group, the soup being very flavourless, although my friend's starter rice rolls was very decent. The menu was lacking, all the traditional dishes were lost and they had only the very basics, in one size only. Mind you they have a 15 percent gratuity on top of this which made it expensive for someone like me who normally eats a small to be paying 13 dollars for a bowl. My main issue was the server we had. He did not take our order for the first 20 minutes even though the place is quite small and they were not busy. When he did come, it was very obvious he had no idea what he was talking about and was giving attitude to some of us for not ordering a drink as well. He not only forgot my friends meal but began to lecture him for not speaking up earlier and did not offer a single apology. My friend was originally charged for the food anyways, and only after speaking to them did they try to remove it. When accepting my payment he was so impatient and rude, making comments like "Ok I'm waiting" even though we waited 20+ minutes for the bill. I would never return here or advise anyone else to if they want vietnamese food. 

edit: Pho Vistro reached out to me about the issue, which was very kind of them. While this does not change my opinion on the food it does make up for the terrible service I had.笑
Been visiting this place quite frequently lately for take-out ever since I got on mealpal and was able to order pho for $5 after tax (with discount on plan) or $8. I am not sure how the portion size compares to the regular bowl that you might get, but it's not a bad portion as I'm satisfied with the meal.

The restaurant is clean, though they only have high seats.
Washrooms are in the basement.

When you're there to pick up your order, they will then pack the soup so that it is still hot, as opposed to some other places that might just leave your order sitting around. This is important because if you're getting the beef pho, they include a pack of raw beef. Also, cool soup is not cool.

I've tried their beef, brisket, and chicken pho and they've all been pretty good. I prefer the brisket a bit more because it feels like they give more meat there, but the chicken is alright as well.

They use some sort of small sprout which is different from the ones you'd usually find, which is an interesting twist. They are less crunchy than their thick long counterparts, and taste somewhat bitter. So if you like that extra crunch from sprouts in your pho, this might not work for you. But it doesn't really matter to me. Two different types of sprouts are offered: fenugreek sprouts, and red clover sprouts.

Their soup is not too heavy, not too oily. Flavour is pretty light; might need to add some extra sauce if you want the extra flavour.

If you're on mealpal, definitely an option to consider since the regular prices are 12+笑
Stopped in for a family dinner and to try out a new Vietnamese eatery in the neighbourhood and sorry to say, it was a tad underwhelming.  Decor and service was great, modern and attentive, clean and tidy.  Menu is conspicuously modest and focused.  You can't sample a Pho restaurant without going for the Pho and unfortunately, the broth was just too bland.  It is lacking in the rich flavour and depth that is a prerequisite of authentically memorable Pho.  Imagine using beef bouillon cubes to make a broth.  The apps we sampled fell short too; spring rolls were a tad small in portion size although maybe the better dish and spare beefs were definitely NOT what we had expected, more brisket-like than rib with a nice chunk of fat.  And to add salt to the wounds, it is markedly pricier!  First time, last time...笑
Unique Pho restaurant. Very cool atmosphere, healthy and tasty food. Just opened recently and already seems popular! I work nearby and will be making frequent visits to Pho Vistro.笑
All of the flavour you want in Pho but guilt free! Pho Vistro contains no msg, and uses locally sourced products! I ordered the fresh Shrimp rolls and the Chicken and Beef Pho (a mixture of both proteins). The broth has beautiful flavours to it and the cuts of meat were much nicer than what you usually get in other Pho locations. The service was excellent and very timely. The ambiance in the restaurant makes it great for all occasions and is a trendy little spot.笑
THIS IS A GAMECHANGER!! such good viet food in a hipster environment. i tried all the appetizers and can't even choose a favourite. the chicken wings are super crispy but not oily or over battered. the ribs are tender and melt in your mouth. the salad is super fresh and a palate cleanser. the spring rolls are crispy and taste like my grandmas (the best). the pho is great too with good broth and nice presentation. THEY ALSO HAVE PHONE CHARGERS! and really clean washrooms. what more can you ask for?笑
Good place to stop in lunch in the downtown area. The service is fast & polite, the Pho is tasty & plentiful and the prices are reasonable. Why more do you want? :P笑
The presentation of the food and customer service was great, however, the pho classic broth was very bland. The fried and fresh spring rolls were good.笑
It seems like pho vistro is hopping on the "healthy/organic" vibe as they have a vegan option and no MSG. BUT if you're use to eating traditional pho, this place won't be for you: broth is bland, one size only and no tripe/beef ball available. 

That being said, the place is very clean and nice decor. The lunch special includes pho, spring roll and a drink for about $13. Not a bad deal as spring rolls and drinks by themselves are $3-4. Saving grace was the Viet coffee I ordered which was a nice finish to the meal.笑
Están buenos los caldos/sopas, Pho Bistro y Pho Classic, tienen dentro noodles de arroz ( de esos transparentes) y pedazos de pollo, res y vegetales. Si bien me gustó, tampoco puedo decir, que están sabrosos, no es algo que se me vaya antojar en el futuro ni que vaya a regresar a comer algo así. Los spring rolls imperial no son crujientes como los clásicos, estos son como hechos de hojas de col y zanahoria y rellenos de lo que escojas, pollo, vegetales o camarones. El lugar está muy limpio, los meseros muy atentos.笑
A fancy pho place great for vegans and the health conscious. Walked in on a weeknight and easily found a table. The interior decor was closer to a bistro than a noodle joint, and it was a lot more cozy and quiet as well. I got the Classic Vegetarian (~$11), which was healthy and mild just like a bowl of noodles I would get at home. There was a good spread of veggies and the alfalfa (??) was an interesting alternative to bean sprouts. Not as intensely flavoured as typical pho because of the vegetable broth but their no MSG claim was definitely true as I was not thirsty after. It wasn't filling though - bowl size is between a small and medium at a regular pho place. 

Staff were nice and efficient but couldn't definitively answer questions like what veggies were in the dish or what cards they take. Overall it's definitely pricier and not the most tasty pho but I'd come back when I want something healthy and don't have time to cook - would probably get an extra order of noodles next time.笑
Feels like an upscale pho place. No carts with old dishes, nor across-the-restaurant calls for orders. Decor is nice and warm.

Pho itself feels very healthy. Minimal fat, and the broth has minimal salt (and no MSG!). The sliced raw beef was among the freshest and most tender pho beef slices I've ever had. All in all, it's unmistakeably pho, but it tastes different than typical pho places for sure. Good or bad? ...it's both and neither at the same time. May not be as savoury as other places, but makes up for it by being healthier. Try it out!笑
If you like trendy Asian places but don't particularly care for the taste of Vietmamese food then this is a good bet for you. The food doesn't taste like Vietmanese. It doesn't taste like anything at all except bland. Its remarkable that such a place can survive with so many remarkably competent and inexpensive Vietnamese restaurants to chose from. To each his own.笑
Maybe if you never had pho before, or visiting from small town (few options) this would be decent.
In a city with 50 much better options, never would return. Broth bland. $12 for boring beef. At least 5 bucks too much. Waitress was comatose, slow.笑
I've been here countless times since they opened in the Summer. I've ordered the Salad Pho, Pho Vistro (beef and chicken), and Salad Pho with Beef in the past visits. Decent sizes, around $10 each plate. Even though the price is slightly higher, there isn't any MSG in the food. I usually get really parched after Vietnamese food but not here. They do have a lunch special that includes drink and spring rolls. The atmosphere is great and the customer service is courteous and quick. It took less than 10 minutes for my food to arrive in a full house. Loyalty card makes me keep coming back! 5/5!笑
The "healthy" version of real pho. It was light and yummy but I've had far better pho in my personal experience.笑
Just had the classic pho with beef and the vegan pho. I only went here because my boyfriend is vegan and this is one of the only places I know of that has actual vegan pho. So naturally this was a win win. Let's just skip to the pho! The place is really nice and a typical queen west establishment.  Both pho dishes were amazing.  This was really surprising. Probably one of the best I have had. So the price was average $10-15 and the food was excellent. Staff is friendly and attentive. Definitely recommend this place for pho lovers and vegans needing that pho craving.笑
I'm a big fan of Pho, in general, and I can safely say that this was one of the best Ive ever experienced. The broth itself is delicious; and while I have read other reviewers mention it's slightly bland, i thought otherwise. I even asked a member of the kitchen staff their cooking process - I was that impressed. The fresh ingredients they use is identifiable from the first sip (slurp), and while I ordered extra meat, I am not totally sure it was necessary as the portion sizes are very generous. 

Will def be back :)笑
This is my favourite place to grab Pho in T.O. Pho Vistro is perfect mix between hipster Queen. St W restaurants and traditional Pho joints. I got the Chicken Pho with avocado, spring rolls and a mango smoothie. The portions were all very generous (except for the avocado). My Pho was so delicious, it was the perfect mix of flavours plus their extra side sauces are also awesome. The only thing I would complain about is the lack of service, they never checked in to see how our meal was and constantly forgot to bring things over / messed up our order.笑
I was new to the whole system of ordering up front then seating yourself to wait for the food. Nice warm atmosphere for a lunch away from the cold.

Broth could use more seasoning and steeping in my opinion as it lacked that meaty oily richness I like but I still enjoyed it.