Such a quaint little restaurant. Has amazing sandwiches but it's so tiny there's only a few seats in the actual restaurant. Highly recommend the Pastrami sandwich, although the burger was also really good. We weren't a fan of the fries though. We were told by the chef that they make everything in house, including the bread for the sandwiches.Ǿ
Fantastic pastrami and fries - on homemade bread.  Can't wait to go back and have the bagels and salmon.  Fries were fresh cut, not breaded and were so good. Pastrami made there.  So glad they are in the neighborhood!Ǿ
Great local place. Parking is not an issue. The menu is small but the ingredients and the cooking are top notch. Everything is good here.Ǿ
Nice little local place! I almost didn't find it. Only 6  seats in house. More of a take out spot. I ordered the Cheese Burger with Bacon and a Coke! Great price for the amount of food! Fries tasted good, deep fryer oil must have just been charged or if they can keep it that clean it's even better! Will be back! Staff was real nice too! Had that home feel!Ǿ
Just wanted to add that we have since used M&J's for catering our baby shower (100 ppl) and a Christmas brunch (15 ppl) and were so happy with the outcome. We received many compliments on the quality of the food and they were a pleasure to work with. Definitely recommend and will use them again for future events.Ǿ
This is a small family run restaurant with super friendly service and phenomenal food at a very affordable price. The only down side is that they only have a few small tables for customers to sit so it's not great for a large group. A lot of people seem to order for take-out.

The chef/owner (James) was friendly; came out to chat with us. He seemed to  take great pride in everything he makes. All the deli meats are cured, smoked and prepared in house. Everything is freshly made from scratch including the bread, fries, salad dressing and dipping sauce. 
I had the pastrami sandwich with fries, coleslaw and pickles. Pastrami was to die for; very moist and good flavour. Freshly cut fries seasoned with sea salt were so good. Portion was generous. You can substitute fries for salad if desired.
We also ordered a side of hickory smoked bacon. I looooved the bacon. It was cured and smoked in house!!! I finished the last slice and still desired more even though I was so stuffed from the pastrami.

We got some butter tart squares to go and they were delish. The crust was yummy and buttery. 

Overall, we had a great experience and will come back to try other items on the menu.Ǿ
What i love about this place is that everything is made fresh in-house.  Like really fresh.  Other places ive been to claim to do this - but here everything including the bread is made fresh daily.  I've had the smoked salmon (on freshly made bagel - yumm!), and my friend had the pastrami sandwich which she said was the best she's had.  Definitely give this place a try - a hidden gem:)Ǿ
Tried this place based on yelp reviews and wasn't disappointed! Staff obviously cares greatly about the food. The bagels (which are available only on weekends due to the labour intensive process) were exceptional! We started our meal with a toasted bagel and butter and ended up buying 6 more to go. M&J's east side deli is a charming addition to the neighbourhood.Ǿ
At first glance you think "Alright, just another deli...". Trust me this is not just another deli. They make everything in house. I mean EVERYTHING. They cure their own meats. Grind their own burgers. Bake their own breads and treats. Grind their own peanut butter. Who even has time for peanut butter when you've got Kraft on sale...well these guys care and it's phenomenal!

In a world where we demand fast everything it's great to see that this place takes care and pride to make and serve their food. I should probably also mention that their food is incredible...and so affordable! We have basically stopped cooking...Ǿ
In the quaint Scarborough neighbourhood of Birch Cliff, this tiny eatery with a NYC inspired theme going on insists on making everything they sell in house. It's a good cheap eats choice with their burgers under $10. I though I would burger through here while on my way to Bluffers Beach, until when I saw they also have pastrami ($9.49), I jumped at that instead. Very good.

Why is it so hard to get a pastrami sandwich in Toronto?!

I enjoyed the simplicity, value and friendliness that this place offers. They also sell New York style bagels and baked goodies, but have only a couple tables for eat-ins.

{TTC: 12 or 69 buses right to Kingston at Warden}Ǿ
James, the owner, is a doll and the passion he puts into his food is evident in the meats he cures and smokes, the New York style bagels he bakes, the meat he grinds and shapes into burger patties, and the fries he hand cuts. 

M&J's is a tiny eatery along busy Kingston Rd that fits about six diners. Good food at cheap prices. Great wall art that makes you feel like your actually in New York, perfect for selfies. 

OUR ORDER:
- Back Bacon BLT with house salad with red wine vinaigrette - subbed out the usual bun with a New York bagel, a satisfying filling meal.
-  AAA Beef Burger - hubby added pastrami for 99 cents more; a flavorful burger with thick slices of pastrami. The bun was on the delicate side and couldn't stand up to all that meat.
- Home made chocolate chip cookie - such a simple dessert but oh my.....it was decadent! James' wife added some rum flavoring that elevated this humble looking cookie to new heights of deliciousness.

James bends over backwards to ensure his customers are happy and their needs are met; he'll customize your order to suit your tastes. I wish him much success.Ǿ
Would not have found this place if it wasn't for Yelpers -- I drove by here so many times and never noticed it along a fairly nondescript strip of run down storefronts... 

Given the reviews, I went over at 9:35am on Saturday (they open at 9:30) and was surprised to find the door locked.  Because I waited way past my normal breakfast time to come here, I was persistent, peering and knocking on the glass door...

Soon, J came -- he's pretty chilled -- opened the door and the blinds, and then everything unfolded exactly as other Yelpers' described -- fantastic scratch made food served up by very friendly owners. M brought us our coffees (pretty great, freshly made) while we waited for our breakfasts. A couple of neighborhood people came and ordered take out. I got the breakfast sandwich ($4) and my husband got the traditional breakfast with pastrami, two eggs, hash brown and toast ($8). Wow, I've never had bacon that tasted like what was on my sandwich! I don't know how to describe it except you know it's made with love. My husband devoured his plate even though he's normally not a pastrami guy, this was not like the normal pastrami but in chunks. You can see the grain so you know it's good meat, and even the jam was home made. Not only was the quality of the food really high, the portions were pretty generous for the price. Since I love bagels, I couldn't resist the freshly baked bagels ($1) and took one to go for later.

We'll definitely come back to this gem. Everyone in the neighborhood, please support this great little place so we can keep M&J going!Ǿ
Great sandwiches, nice people.  Quiet spot that's perfect for a quick bite.  No liquor license but not really that type of place.Ǿ
I was there today and it was my friend's birthday so I went to get her some food and asked

James what she likes to eat.

He knew right away who I was talking about and put together a special meal including

piece of carrot cake from him  for her birthday!

Impressed!Ǿ
Amazing friendly staff and great value. You should have atleast one of their burgers topped with 2 types of meat.