Endroit adorable et sympathique, superbe staff, mais café moyen.笑
Garden variety hipster café. Although there are plenty of electrical outlets on the wall, there's no internet - not exactly practical for working or research purpose. The crêpes are delish however.笑
Cute, humble cafe that's a nice addition to the neighbourhood east of St. Hubert. The crepes are delightful and there's choice between traditional or a sarrasin variety. The coffee is a nice cup and the server/barista/cook was as friendly as ever with the biggest smile this side of Little Italy. Ain't that nice :)笑
Loved our visit here yesterday, I was so happy to finally get to try out these delicious traditional crepes and especially to hang out with the kind, cool, super friendly gentleman owner and chef. The beautiful, folded like a flower, pretty, apple crepe with caramel sauce was a delight and I can't wait to go back and try more of the savoury options. 

The cafe is lovely and tiny and white with sweet pieces of vintage ceramics and old family photos as decor. There are other lovely baked goods here, but the focus is almost entirely on the different kinds of white and sarrasin crepes, thin, perfectly made, awesome. Just wonderful.笑
Splendid! The waiter/chef did not speak too much English, but managed to be the most friendly café worker I've ever seen. Very unique, cozy and generally nice environment. Had a salty and a sweet crepe + very good coffee, will definitely go again.笑
We were shopping for a bag across the street, but I had eyed up Milo et Fine before we had even stepped into the store as a potential spot for a coffee afterwards.  It looked cute and welcoming on the outside with a tractor painted on the window front, which definitely drew in my 2 year old son.  We were warmly welcomed and ordered 3 hot drinks and a little Breton cake.  All were delicious and served in carefully selected, sweet, vintage dishes.  Their saucers even matched one I use at home to hold a bar of soap!  I loved the Breton-inspired nautical decorations and the clean modern feel to the café but with lovely vintage touches.  It was the perfect spot for an afternoon cup.  I noticed that they used beans from a St Henri roasting company.  I am always a fan of local cafés using local beans and other products. I am loving all the shops and cafés opening up on Beaubien.  I wished I lived a little closer!