This place is horrible from the service to the bleach tasting seafood, just do yourself a favor and avoid this really horrid food, honestly it is horrible.Ǿ
Well... okay I will be totally honest... I have eaten here twice and both times I was less than impressed. I was hesitant to go back the second time because the first time was a bit sketchy. What I have discovered is that if you go with the usual things like sweet and sour chicken, it is better. The first time I ordered a chicken dish and the flavors were not good together. Some of the sauces are thick and honestly just not good tasting. Personally I have had way better Chinese, so I wouldn't run to this place if I were you...Ǿ
Chinese on the Square you've made a solid choice if you stop in here. Very clean well managed and the food preparation is excellent. Not your typical Chinese restaurant for the surrounding area I consider it a little more upscale in a pleasant setting. The service has always been excellent, quality and pricing is inline so it's a great value.  Give them a try.Ǿ
We absolutely love this place!!!! Quick. Awesome. Easy. Excellent!!! Go get you some Chinese at this place!!!!Ǿ
Wonderful food, friendly staff, all at a great price.  I absolutely love the tea they give you when you arrive in beautiful tea cups.  Awesome local place!Ǿ
Ive been here twice and its always the same.  The restaurant is not overly nice and it is old.  But it is clean and you can tell there is a family running this place.  Our service was great and they accommodated our vegetarian.  It seemed like they would make her whatever she wanted.

We were taking out and showed up 10 minutes before closing.  Not an issue.  They placed our order and it was unbelievably hot when we got home 20 minutes later.  Its not fancy, but it delivers on taste for what it is.

I had the singapore noodles with shrimp and I cannot complain.  I don't live that close and its out of the way.  But when Im around I do like it and if I lived close, it would be my go to for quick and satisfying Chinese food.Ǿ
Ni hao!

Welcome to a quaint little secret on the Far East of Cleveland. Yangtze doesn't Shanghai you with over the top fancy (and sometimes ridiculously not authentic) or incredibly cheesy Chinese decor. They do however, spoil you in the details.

I, myself, am a noodle man and love the lo mein. Its packed with flavor and can come like a majority of their other dishes with beef, chicken, shrimp, tofu or vegetarian. Plus, you can get extra la (that spice in Chinese) if you so dare. The portions are generous and have always come out hot and ready to eat. As the steam clears on your dish of choice something catches your eye: a flower made from slices of carrot. Beautiful.

The prices are on par with your in-and-out Americanized Chinese Mall Restaurants (the broccoli and chicken, General Tso's, etc) but are no where near as cookie-cutter blah (or over salty).

The only thing that prevents this Ancient Chinese Secret (hey, its been around since I was born) from achieving the highest honor of a 5 Star General (Mao) is that I've been to China multiple times, and it just quite isn't the same... but for those who can't afford the plane ticket, be sure rev up the rickshaw and get down to the Yangtze.

Zai jian!Ǿ
If you like Chinese food this is the place to be. Huge portions and the best egg rolls I've ever had. The service is quick and friendly. 
The lunch price it just right! You get soup, egg roll, rice and entree. 
The chicken Szechwan was spicy but not too spicy. They put a lot of sauce on it but if you like to dip your egg roll then it's perfect. 
Overall a great place.Ǿ
As far as Americanized Chinese goes, this was pretty good. I went at lunch time and the prices and portions were very good. The tea tasted funny but the food was definitely better than any Chinese offerings in Ashtabula county so it could be worth the drive to Geauga county for me. Service was good, but I thought it curious that our server had not tried two of the most popular dishes (governor's chicken or wor su gai). Maybe she doesn't like Chinese....Ǿ
I can't speak for the service as I've only gotten takeout, but it is always ready everytime, and tasty.  Great fried rice, and I like that they don't load up the meals with celery.  Wonton soup and egg rolls are good as well.  Nothing outstanding, but definitely good food for a good price.Ǿ
I went for lunch and it was great! The cost was very low. I'm not sure how they stay in business.