I've been visiting the South Scottsdale location for years. The french toast is incredible and the best thing on the menu in my opinion.  The pancakes are also delicious and huge! The service at this location was just average. The server seemed overwhelmed. She was very nice though. The cheese omelette was not hot; the cheese was not even melted. The coffee is just average. I'd go again but stick to the french toas and OJ.笑
I have never eaten at this location but my 5 star review goes out to the guy who performs with the "US Egg sign" at the corner of Shea & Scottsdale! Very talented young man who knows how to turn & toss the sign with an intense passion and always a smile on his face. 
Every time I drive by that intersection and watch him I am very entertained and I always think that if I go out for breakfast or lunch I should go to this US Egg place.笑
We went on Father's Day so the place was really busy but that does not justify the mediocre service and do not order strawberry waffles unless your like strawberry glaze from a can because that is what it is! Ugh! Also be careful with the build your own omelette as it was over $18!!  Granted we ordered egg whites and about 5 other items but geez, shouldn't the initial price include some items other than just the eggs?? We asked for a side of salsa and they server told us they have two types. We decided to try both. We got the bill and we were billed $0.75 for each!!  Our bad as we need to read the menu better as we were nickel and dime to death!! Thanks Brittany.笑
One of our favorite spots for breakfast! You have not lived until you have had the spinach florentine omlette with deep fried hash browns.  So flavorful.  Plus almost all the servers are fun and super sweet. Over all great place to dine.笑
I was super excited they put in a US Egg in North Scottsdale until I experienced the awful customer service and management.   We saw our server once, who never checked to see if we got our food.  45 minutes after we ordered we finally asked for a manager, who was extremely rude and condescending.  From that point forward the server and manager made the situation extremely uncomfortable.  I will never come back to this place which is unfortunate because the other locations are so awesome.笑
Place is huge! Food came out within 5 minutes! Huge portions ! Service was great, bunch of young hot girls. Would def recommend! But I'm still on team "Eggstasy". :)笑
First time coming here and it was eggceptional!!! Fast and great service! And awesome food! Tastes amazing and fresh笑
Healthy options are many here. I got a veggie patty with no roll and a huge side of broccoli. They have gf bread and waffles, no wheat in their salad dressings or omelettes. The nicest touch came when we asked our server if there was a froyo place nearby. (We're vacationers.) She insisted on getting the manager, who gave us the names of SEVERAL yogurt shops, googled directions, and gave them to us. Really good service!笑
Went here on Easter Sunday and had a fabulous breakfast! I am Gluten-Free and they have a separate GF menu with lots of choices - including their amazing GF waffles !  Coffee was excellent, and so was the service! Will definitely be back again! :)笑
We got there and the service was not very nice our server was not putting out a good vibe. It took us 40 minutes just to get out food we were very disappointed the food was good but not worth the 40 minute wait. If your willing to wait you would like it, I took my family here to impress them but was not pleased that it took them that long to get the food when there was a small amount of people there too.笑
Best breakfast experience ever!! Service was excellent. Thank you Samantha Bailey!! Your right the Bloody Mary's were made with love Good size portions and warm salsa made my breakfast yummy! Gluten free menu was super with waffles and good gf toast. I would recommend this for breakfast笑
Was in town for some spring training games and tired of the crappy hotel breakfast. Looked this place up and boy am I glad I did. Food was excellent. Had an omelette that was amazing. And they leave you a thermal pot of coffee so you don't have to depend on staff to keep it full. My wife was very pleased with her breakfast as well. She talked about the pancakes all day. We highly recommend!!笑
Get takeout from here all the time for lunch. The portions are large and delicious. The staff is always so friendly and nice.笑
U.S Egg is a lovely breakfast establishment here in Scottsdale. The atmosphere is fresh, clean and quite a bit more spacious than other dining establishments. Indoor and outdoor seating is available to suit your preference and the weather, and the interior has refreshingly simple and calming decor.
 The menu has options for breakfast and lunch (could even be eaten for dinner), and has options not unlike a typical breakfast joint for the exception of their delicious protein pancakes stuffed with yummy granola, blueberries, almond slivers, and cinnamon! U.S Egg has several combo options so you can make the most variety out of your meal, not to mention many healthy options and alternatives if you have any dietary needs or restrictions. 
My server was quite pleasant and the overall vibe of the restaurant was very enjoyable.
Would definitely recommend to anyone looking to breakfast or brunch at a lovely place.笑
Awesome food, awesome service, awesome atmosphere.  I'm from Oregon, but I will definitely go back to US Egg when I visit Phoenix again.笑
Glad we trusted the reviews. This place was awesome, I had the meat lovers skillet and a bloody Mary, might be the best breakfast I have ever had. Highly recommended,笑
Terrific service, Skylar! Excellent protein waffle & poached eggs! I'll be back from Sedona soon!  Keep up the great service!!!笑
We were looking for a breakfast spot with patio seating for our dog. Everyone was accommodating, our waiter was friendly and attentive. The food came out quick and not only was it tasty but the portions were huge. You won't be disappointed!笑
Glad to see the new location up north...always a consistent solid place for breakfast.笑
The half and half meat lovers was bomb.com it was so delicious and appealing that I didn't even get a pictute. It was definitely a lot of food. I end up taking it home. 11/10 recommended!!! Also my friends loved the blood Mary.笑
Love this place! My favorite is the half and half protein pancakes and veggie skillet. Everyone is so friendly and lend great service!笑
Today was my second visit (and Mom's first).  I had such a great time on my first visit (Monday, 3/16) with Selva as my server that I couldn't wait to return with Mom this morning.  We arrived at around 1130 am and was given a ten-minute wait at the host's stand.  I was a little confused at first as to why there were ten, or so, of us waiting on benches when I could easily spot available tables (two four-tops, and two six-tops, plus empty seating in the "sun room"), but I thought perhaps the servers and/or kitchen were bogged down with their work loads and the host was trying to manage it by slowing down the seating of new arrivals...  (She would, from time to time, go visit the kitchen and come back out, so perhaps I was correct in my observations.)  After about ten minutes, we were seated at one of the four-tops I saw was available when we arrived.  

It was another ten minutes before our server Brandy greeted us.  She asked how we were, and I said that we were very hungry and knew what we wanted to order.  She said "well, you're at the right place if you're hungry... what would you like to order?"  I asked for coffee for the both of us and protein pancakes for me, and Mom asked for chicken-fried steak.  After asking how Mom wanted her eggs and if we needed cream for the coffee (no for me, yes for Mom), she left to put in our orders.  Brandy arrived shortly with the coffee carafe and poured our coffees and left a mini-carafe of cream on the table.  Mom asked if this was the cream and before she could finish her question, Brandy said "yes, that is half-and-half... creamer," and then walked away.  Mom was put-off by that and told me "no tip for her!"  Mom wanted to ask if the creamer was a vanilla-flavored one... I said maybe she's having a tough morning and see if she gets less curt with us.  After about fifteen minutes, Brandy drops off our food and asks if we need anything else (more napkins) and then leaves.

Mom enjoyed her chicken-fried steak.  The steak was cut, battered, and fried the same as those we've tried at other diners in the past, and what made it delicious was the sausage gravy, made with roux (and not slurry!), as well as the crispiness of the batter.  She also enjoyed her hash browns.  My protein pancakes weren't as loaded as they were when Selva was my server (and now I always ask to be seated in Selva's section!), so I just ate the areas that had the granola, almonds,  blueberries, and chocolate chips and cut off the bald spots of my entree and put them off to the side.

We were ready to put away our leftovers and asked Brandy for boxes.  When she arrived, instead of placing them on our table, or handing them to our outstretched arms, she just held them up so high that I had to REACH up and out to take them out of her hands.  WTH?  Definitely only change for your tip, Brandy!  (Maybe I should change my policy and just leave nothing?)  I was so miffed, I asked the host if I may speak with the manager, and soon Shayla (sp?) came out to speak with me.  After we told her of our complaints about Brandy's words and behavior that morning, Shayla apologized and offered some reparation for us to come back, which surprised us and I kindly accepted.  Usually when my Mom gets offended by a server, she never wants to return anymore (say like at Eggstasy), and I haven't had any luck talking her into joining me at US Egg, but I've returned at least twice since this visit and sat at Selva's section and had protein pancakes loaded the way I like them!  Thank you Shayla for listening to our complaints without being defensive and also inviting us to come back.  

BTW, I like the "sun room" portion of the restaurant- a nice area to be seated during the nice months of the year!笑
We went here from a suggestion from family. They are known for their protein pancakes and although I am not a big pancake fan I thought I should try them. They have what they call half half. This allows you to get a smaller portion of pancakes and their skillet of your choice. That was the perfect meal, I was able to try the pancakes and get the eggs, hash browns and fixings as well. The pancakes are really good and are definitely highly recommended. I really enjoyed them and of course my skillet was just as tasty. I got the bacon, onion and pepper skillet that comes mixed with hash browns and topped with an egg( cooked your way). We thoroughly enjoyed it and would definitely return. The staff was very friendly and helpful.笑
Great establishment for breakfast or lunch.  Well managed with efficient and attentive wait staff.  Great egg dishes.  The Texas Omelet is beyond "delish"!!!笑
Coffee was terrible. Can't do eggs as ordered? Its an egg place, says so in the name! I would not go back, not with so many other options in the area.笑
We ate here twice in one week protein pancakes were excellent. The standard eggs and sausage with side of fruit was very good. The fruit plate was very large with a good assortment of fruit. Sourdough toast was also very good. I highly recomend this place.笑
I usually enjoy this place but today was a mixed bag. Good food and quick service on the plus side. On the negative side the waitress was unfriendly, she brought me cold coffee, and then replaced it with a pot of lukewarm coffee. So even though I already paid for my coffee this morning, it was undrinkable and I am on my way to Dunkin Donuts to buy a hot cup of coffee.笑
Wow. Awesome. Great spot. Great staff. Incredible omelette options.  My omelette overflowing with bacon, tomato, a I and grilled chicken was perfect. Hope to have time for a repeat visit.笑
I loved the fact that this place has the option for protein powder in their pancakes! Also they were able to get us in despite the fact that they were packed on a Sunday. The staff was friendly and the service was good.笑
5 stars every time we come here! Coleen was our server and she was great! Everything always comes out super fast and delicious. Get the half and half with protein pancake - I highly recommend it.笑
There are few times in my life when I can remember walking into a restaurant on it's very first day of business and getting a flawlessly prepared meal that is absolutely affordable and delicious accompanied with friendly and down to earth staff willing to provide great service.  I recommend the breakfast triple play and then substitute a waffle for the pancakes. You will be in culinary heaven.笑
Wow I got the meat lover skillet and it was more food than I expected! It had bacon, sauce, ham, chicken fried steak, eggs, and hash browns! Plus a English muffin on the side! I would have given it 5 stars but it wasn't really busy and the service was average at best!笑
Wonderful service and food. Outdoor seating is tough for them based on the location. Indoor has a wonderful atmosphere.笑
The more I come here the more consistent the great service is. I just came back to update my review from 4 stars to 5 because the staff and food deserves it.笑
Best breakfast I've had in a long, long time.  The Hawkeye w jalapeño was great.  We had a party of 6 with a lot of modifications and the server nailed it.  We need one of these in LA!笑
Sat there for 10min. No one talked to us, looked our way, acknowledged us, so we walked out! Won't be back! Was not even busy!! 
Let the girl know at front and she was just like "oh sorry" didn't really care either! 
Guess trying something new was not worth it and guess the servers don't like to make money on good paying/tipping customers!!笑
Love this place for a quick breakfast. When you are on a timeline, have a large group, and just want a consistent, fast, clean place to eat - this is the spot.  I have been to their location in Old Town Scottsdale many times and am glad that a new location opened in my area.  This location is pretty much the same as the other--same menu, large open dining area, lots of noise and people bustling in and out.  I will admit that the food isn't noteworthy - that's not to say it's bad, just nothing fancy or special.  But the prices are really good! If you are in the mood for something a bit more upscale or alternative, there are plenty of other places... U.S. Egg is more of a classic diner experience.  

Side notes: Their staff are always on the ball and pleasant. Also like the other location- parking is a challenge.笑
Great service, the place is really nice and the breakfast is awesome!  Definitely love the pancakes here!笑
I LOVE U.S. Egg! Amazing service and food every time!笑
Very good food but crabby service and our waitress had a terrible unfriendly attitude. My friends had a skillet and an omelette, and since I wasn't very hungry all I ordered was half a grapefruit. Our waitress seemed to lighten up after a while but at first she was crabby as hell and she noticed that I caught the rude silly face that she made when she asked me what I wanted to order...so all from there was a little better. We kindly asked for lemons for our water and it took forever for her to bring them...like 10 minutes....not all that of a big deal but irritating nonetheless...

The interior is very open and airy and the staff at the entrance was very warm and welcoming. The menu is huge and the prices are definitely not the lowest in town but it was packed so I imagine that is a good sign. Most likely to return under different circumstances and hopefully better overall service.笑
No fuss breakfast, roomy and spacious. Good service.
Coffee, eggs, bacon...笑
I LOVE this place!!! I'm so happy they opened this location since it's closer to my house! Both locations on Osborn and Shea never disappoint! Always excellent food and excellent service. We come here all the time and I'm in love with their coffee and skillets. 

Today was my Birthday and of course wanted to go to my ALL time FAVORITE breakfast spot, US EGG. Our server was wonderful, I think her last/first name was Galloway?  I told her it was my birthday so I was gonna order a mimosa with my coffee. I also decided to order something different today. I ordered off the secret menu and got their jalapeño scramble! So delicious and I loved the fresh jalapeños! It wasn't very spicy which was nice!!! Towards the end of the meal she brought me out a complimentary protein pancake for my Birthday! So amazing! I was so shocked and happy! 

I truly am in love with this place! The best service I've ever had truly. I will continue to be a word of mouth for this establishment! Thank you always for the wonderful service and food!笑
Great service, excellent food. I ordered the Bay Area French Toast, it came covered in strawberries and bananas. The taste was as good as its presentation. Brianna served and she was super friendly.  When ordering a coffee (drip coffee) or iced tea they serve it in a canister/pitcher so you never run low. Everything was very clean and the ambiance is nice with neat artwork scattered on the walls. 10/10.笑
Great brunch spot!  One of my favorite places in phx.  Their protein pancakes are legit!笑
I got the garden omelet when out for breakfast with my husband. It was absolutely disgusting. It was very bland and sitting in a giant pool of brown liquid.  I could only stomach one bite of it. There was also bacon stuck to the side of it (I am a vegetarian). My husband was finished his meal by the time our waitress came to ask how we were. I told her I didn't want mine, as it was not good at all and she asked if I wanted something else cooked. Because my husband was already finished, and didn't want to wait another 10 minutes for something to get cooked for me to then eat alone, I said no. I expected her to take mine off the bill since I didn't eat any of it, but she just slapped the bill down.笑
Stopped by U.S. Egg this morning and had breakfast. It was fantastic!  Our server Chelsea was exceptional. I had the ham and sausage skillet and my wife (it was her birthday) had the protein waffles and half skillet. They were both delicious. Keep up the good work.笑
I love this place.  I always find something that is healthy and tasty!  The protein pancakes are the best.笑
Very consistent solid diner food with friendly service.  Owners seem to be on site a lot and treat employees well. Could use a little more originality on menu笑
Always friendly service. The food is always delicious and great portion to price ratio. Even the coffee is super tasty (they must use their own blend, no folgers here)! Plus, they offer flavored non-dairy creamers. When you are ready to boogie, they offer you drinks for the road. The only dish that i thought was just average, not super tasty was the lunch club sandwich. The deli meat reminded me of those "land O frost" prepackaged deli meats sold next to the hot dogs in the grocery store, nothing bad or gross, just underwhelming. I also didn't care for the fries on the side, too greasy and no flavor.
Apart from the underwhelming sandwich, everything is always quality, fresh and yummy. And I have always had a smiling and attentive service on each visit. Great breakfast and lunch spot. Our go to brekky joint, if you will! (They even serve bloody marys and irish coffee)笑
Breakfast is not something Scottsdale restaurants in general do very well. U.S. Egg is one of the few exceptions. Their breakfast menu is expansive, and all the dishes we've tried are delicious. I am partial to the Sonoran Burrito with its chorizo. All the egg dishes come with hash browns which are typically cooked in a thick pile so the only crispness is on a thin layer on the outside. You never have to wait for coffee or water refills as the coffee is served in a thermal pot left on the table and water is served in a large pitcher, also left on the table. The portions are large - you will NOT leave hungry.笑
Lots of excellent choices.  Food had a wonderful taste.  Service was fast and efficient 
 Protein pancakes are outstanding.笑
Our family had a delightful brunch at U.S. Egg.  The wait was short and the service great.  We all loved our meals, especially the unusually delicious pancakes.笑
Delicious breakfast for a very reasonable price. Huge portions and great service. I really can't ask for more when it comes to reliable spots for a brunch. We took some visiting family and we were all really happy with what we ordered - yay!

My recommendation is the half and half with protein pancakes - I crave those pancakes regularly! And I would say prepare to wait a bit on weekends.笑
Great food.  Great service.

Highly recommend this place for breakfast.  They are family owned so if you come often, you feel a sense of belonging.

Thanks for the great food and service!笑
I came in hangry and definitely got served a great egg sandwich to satisfy my mood...lol.
The service was great!笑
Everytime I come here to eat on the way to work it's always a good experience.  I'd say one step above dennys.  Servers are fast and attentive.  Just what I need when I'm on the go. ..)))))))))))))))))))))))))))))))笑
Perfect. The Kansas City is all eggs bacon and sausage. It will fill u up. Service is great and fast. Very clean with smiling waitstaff. Easy parking.笑
Saw it restaurant wild looking for another one went here instead and had a very very good breakfast the people here were very polite and nice and very helpful笑
We had breakfast here this morning. The food was delicious and the coffee was hot and fresh. 

George one of the brothers, made us feel like family. 
He had great menu suggestions as it was our first time in.

Carrie was an excellent server. We look forward to our next visit.笑
The food was great we got the California eggs Benedict and huevos rancheros with coffee, and oj 
The service was decent. I would revisit!笑
I was pleasantly surprised how great this place is. Good food and quick service for how busy they are! And the price wasn't crazy unlike some other brunch places in the area. I will be back!!笑
My wife and I, along with some friends, decided to Try US Egg for the first time.  I became suspicious when we entered at 12:30pm on a Sunday and the place was half empty.  However, it did fill up by the time we finished our meal.

We were approached by our waitress, unnamed for this review, who made no attempt at establishing any rapport. Despite our efforts to be friendly and get her to open up, it was all business. 

I ordered an omelet with chicken, bacon, cheese, etc. I asked for really crispy bacon (thinking it would be strips). What I got was very fatty bacon bits.  I wasn't going to go through having them make another omelet because I don't like it when I have to eat by myself after everyone else is done.  So I just moved the bacon out of the omelet. The rest of the omelet and the hash browns were pretty good.

My coffee came in an old style, small cup. 8 oz?  The waitress did leave a pot but the pot only had enough in it for two cups. I had to keep asking for more.

One of us ordered a sandwich. He asked for fries with no salt.  What came had enough salt to cause an immediate stroke. When we could finally get the waitress's attention, she said she would bring out the correct fries. We were all just about done with our meals by the time the correct fries came out. It was at least 20 minutes. That is not acceptable.

We were all dry - our water had been consumed. We had to look for our waitress and ask for more water (when she should have been keeping an eye on our drinks and refilling them automatically).  The waitress brought us more water but she gave off the attitude that she was going above and beyond her duties to do this. It was a turn off.

My wife ordered a chicken taco salad that was, for the most part, all leafy lettuce. There was enough of anything else. The taco bowl was greasy and soggy. Obviously not fried fresh.

Now, for some good news.  The fourth member of our party did have a good salad. It looked good and she said it was good.

I'm only giving the restaurant two stars because the staff seemed to have an attitude that they'll do just enough to get by, hope for a tip and that's it. No warmth. No rapport. No effort to make us want to come back.  They simply were not "into" their job. 

In fact, the manager came by, going from table to table. She asked how things were. I said "okay" except for a few issues. She never asked what the issues were.  Now, a basic rule of management is that when a customer says that there were issues, you better find out what those issues were so you can correct them in the future. We felt that she, the manager, was just doing her duty to walk from table to table.

I would not recommend this place.笑
We ended up at US Egg only after making several wrong turns en route from the hotel to another breakfast spot.  As usual, my blunder turned into a fantastic surprise. 

US Egg served up super fresh food, great decor and very friendly service.  I had the pancakes, eggs and bacon. The pancakes are made with wheat flour, which gave them a deliciously natural flavor and texture.  My meal also included four sizable bacon strips...most places skimp by giving you three thin pieces.  The coffee also hit the spot (before leaving, the waitress offered a go cup).  Another small yet memorable touch. 

Too bad we ate at US Egg on the last day of our trip...I would've eaten there every morning!笑
Second US Egg I've been to and I like this one better. Great staff--friendly, efficient and even the manager checked in to see how things were. Offer of to go cups for water and coffee at end was also nice. Clearly a well managed place!  Food came out quickly--Half & Half--2 blueberry & granola filled whole wheat pancakes & huuuuge half order of meat lovers skillet. Delicious and taking half home for breakfast tomorrow!  Coffe thermos and water jug at table a nice touch. Highly recommend!笑
Excellent breakfast.  Had the protein pancake which was wonderful. The syrup sat on top and the pancake did not act like a sponge. The hash browns were not greasy or fried. They were light and the shredded potatoes did not clump together  they were lightly salted and so delicious. The scrambled eggs were exactly how I ordered them. I would go back in a heart beat笑
This is a great breakfast/brunch restaurant. My friend and I went on a Sunday morning and there was no wait to get a nice booth. Our waitress was efficient and excellent. She recommended the half skillet & half protein pancakes which tasted delicious and fresh. I  would highly recommend this restaurant for anyone who does not want to wait 30 minutes to get a table at a brunch restaurant in Scottsdale.笑
Oh my. Not exactly sure what to say. We went here and had breakfast but it was not good. 
Betwen the 4 of us they only got 1 order right. The girls never complain - they just won't go back. 
Hope they get their act together.笑
This place never dissapoints!! Their food is great and their customer service is EXEMPLARY!! I stopped in today to grab breakfast to go.  Unfortunately they were expecting a power outage. Even though it was something out of their control, they met me at the door, explained the situation and presented me with a coupon toward my next order.  Made my day.. Unfortunately the other place I went in the very near vicinity was a HUGE disappointment. Won't go back. US Egg has my loyalty!!笑
Excellent food, best coffee ever & great service. We where looking for somewhere to eat, and saw an advertisement sign spinner standing on the corner, turned around and went back. It was worth every bit. Looks small from the outside, but a lot of room inside.笑
This is the sixth and newest location for US Egg, an Arizona based restaurant concept. Six locations? Do we now call it a chain? Hard to say. This location is nicely done, a bit larger inside than what I expected based on the exterior. With Butterfield's located a couple of blocks to the East and Eggstasy located a couple of blocks to the West, this stretch of Shea Boulevard may become a destination for breakfast lovers. It could be a competitive challenge for this newcomer, but it will be nice to have a new alternative when the lines are out the door elsewhere.

The protein pancakes are US Egg's greatest strength. Filled with blueberries, granola, cinnamon and almonds, it's a bit of a stretch to think they're really that healthy, but they are certainly delicious. The "Half and Half" is a great way to order the pancakes and to sample some of the rest of the menu. You receive two small protein pancakes, an egg and a half sized hot skillet. We also ordered some whole wheat pancakes, US Egg's standard pancake, on this day. I'm sure they were better for me than some fluffy buttermilk pancakes I could order elsewhere, but they are forgettable. Stick with the protein pancakes!笑
Over our brunch at US Egg today, I asked my wife how many times we've been here. Our best guess is 30-50 times, split between the Shea location in Scottsdale and Baseline in Tempe. We always get the triple play with protein pancakes and I get crispy bacon while she gets ham. The protein pancakes are amazing. I've tried to recreate them at home and I come close but theirs are perfect. We pass several well known and fantastic breakfast restaurants on our way to US Egg at least once a weekend...sometimes twice. The food has never been anything less than perfect and the service is always fast and friendly.笑
Had breakfast this morning. Party of two. The place is very large, clean with a friendly staff.  Breakfast was good, nothing outrageous and the water taste TERRIBLE!! Not sure about the coffee, I brought my own from Starbucks. I felt the prices were a bit high.  Server was excellent. Nothing too special about this breakfast place. Not sure if I'd return with so many other options in the neighborhood.笑
For the price point, there are better places. The coffee was diluted, we had omelettes they were ok. One was returned for being overdone and was recooked quickly. Service is good; but food could be better. Not coming back

We had: 2 omelettes and coffee = $28.56 (excluding tip)笑
My husband and I ate here while traveling to Scottsdale. I am a picky eater and very health conscious. I loved this restaurant. The food was fresh and well prepared. We had the skillets. I'm carb adverse so it was easy to just not eat the hash browns. The dish was very well prepared. Great coffee. They gave us an entire pot and full pitcher of water too. The service was excellent from the time we were greeted at the door. We will be back.笑
our group was heading to Butter fields, wait was extremely long, we were hungry, we drove by US Egg, I gave them a call, George told us the wait or our group of 7 was 20 min and he would put our name on the list...was up hill from there...food and service were all very good...笑
After first walking into Egg-Stacie, we ended up coming here. The noise level at the first place was simply too high to talk. This place was great! They had music playing, but at a reasonable volume. My wife and I both had Benedicts. She had the veggie and I had the traditional.  Just the right amount of sauce. High-quality ingredients, and a nice tart tanginess to the Hollandaise, but not too bitter.  Service was great and friendly, and they were thrilled to hear about this review and the one for the other restaurant. They said it made their day!笑
We came into this location after a bad experience at a different restaurant. We were seated quickly and our server Crystal was awesome. She was very attentive to our toddler and brought him crackers to satisfy him until our food came. Our food was on point as always. We love the protein pancakes! Thank you US Egg for another great breakfast experience.笑
Been here multiple times and service has been outstanding every time. Food has come out fresh, hot, and accurate, consistently. My infant son has been along with us a couple of times and they are always very accommodating, giving us a booth for the car seat or high chair. Love the breakfast sandwich, blueberry pancakes, and the Hawkeye omelette. We go early so we usually don't have a wait if it's before 9:30 on a weekend.笑
We gave it a shot be side it was the new guy on the block. The food was OK, just warm out of the kitchen. The service was friendly but not attentive. I think we will be sticking to our old standby in the next plaza south.笑
It's just a breakfast not too fancy. Weak coffee.... the one thing I'd like to recommend for this restaurant and all restaurant is bring the bill. there's nothing worse than having to sit and wait and wait and wait for them to bring your bill so that you can get back on the road never asked if I wanted more coffee breakfast was luke warm.笑
5 out of 5!!
Food was delicious! Eggs cooked perfectly and to cap it off the service was flawless!  
Highly recommended, will not disappoint! 
Do yourself a favor and check it out.笑
LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! All the food tastes delicious, I highly recommend the protein pancakes! Even management is wonderful here, there is a guy with glasses and curtly hair that is always keeping things orderly. He is  definetly the glue of this location, I called one time as they messed up a take out and he had  a card in the mail to me within a few days. One small thing that makes a HUGE difference for me is they cross out the tip on to go orders, I hate Tipping on them handing me my food and they take that awckward part put, it's small to other people but one reason why I always get take out from them.笑
Went to have brunch with a friend on a rainy day. The restaurant was packed,  yet we were able to be seated in 15 minutes. We both ordered omelets. They were  delicious!  I ordered the South omelet with chorizo,  etc..my girlfriend got the veggie which was loaded with fresh veggie. Instead of the hash brown, she got a substitute of oatmeal. She got a huge bowl with sides of raisins and cinnamon. An enjoyable meal for us both. Nice size portions of everything.笑
This is my favorite breakfast place and I'm happy that there is now a location on Shea Boulevard.  

On Sundays, of course, there is a line but what I have always noticed about US Egg is that the line moves.  Plus, this place is large.  Last Sunday, we waited maybe 10 minutes - well worth it.

We come here for the protein cake because it is unique and delicious.  The other breakfast items are good; I have never had a bad meal at US Egg.  Food is quite plentiful, too, and you might end up taking some home.  You get a pitcher of water at your table and if you order coffee, you get a pitcher at your table.  That's so convenient.

There are so many great breakfast places in Scottsdale and this is definitely one of them.笑
Pretty crappy service. Don't know who my server even was because she disappeared immediately after dropping our food at the table. She brough an extra soda for my friend implying she knew she wouldn't be back to our table; which she wasnt. I wanted to order another mimosa but couldn't get anyone's attention which is surprising because I can still see a few servers just standing around doing nothing. 

Suddenly different server comes up and brings us our check and says she'll be our cashier. Nice of her to get us out of here in a timely manner but she wasn't our server and we weren't even done eating. 


I've been here before and it's pretty much always he same thing but this time was definitely the worst. Will not be coming back.笑
I had the half and half with the protein pancakes, which were seriously amazing and the Santa Fe skillet. 

Starting off with the pancakes because I've never had anything like them. They're packed with blueberries and granola and I don't know what else but they were amazing. And the Santa Fe skillet was delicious! It was the right amount of kick with some Cholula and was just awesome! Next time I'm gonna see if they can do the hash browns a little crispier.笑
The food was okay.

Really, just okay. That's the issue. You have amazing food, but then the lack of seasoning just makes the food.. ok food. I wish I had more to say, but I really don't, other than that service was that to be expected of a breakfast joint.笑
I was surprised when I noticed the line-up on for the restaurant. The wait time was less than expected though for a Sunday brunch. The restaurant was very busy and waitresses were rushing food but the service and attentiveness of my waitress was very good. I ordered vegetarian omelette with salsa on the side and toast instead of english muffin. The food was not bad but not as flavorful as I expected. I also liked the salsa. I'd recommend if you want to eat healthy, ask to not add melted cheese on top of the omelette.笑
I come to U.S. Egg as often as I can! I meet friends for breakfast here every once in a while, but mostly I come here alone to read, drink coffee and have breakfast! They treat me so well every time I come in! I always get amazing and consistent service and my go to breakfast meal (the Half & Half, half Protein Pancakes and half Idaho Hot Skillet) never disappoints! I love everything about this spot and highly recommend it! :)笑
Stopped in for breakfast since I was having a tire fixed next door. They did not disappoint!! The coffee was great and they even leave a carafe at your table so you never have to wait for a refill. I had the half and half with protein pancakes. It was so good!! Pancakes were loaded with blueberries. Server was friendly and attentive.笑
Due to major crowds and closures at other places on New Years Day (Sunday), we ended up at this chain. The menu was pretty huge and the first good thing was that they leave a pot of coffee and a pitcher of Iced Tea on the table as long as you order it of course. The food came out fast and we went for skillets and half order of those protein pancakes. The pancakes were pretty good for a change of pace and non traditional breakfast concoction. I think I had a skillet with chicken, avocado, tomato and bacon. From the hash browns on bottom to the eggs on top, it was a filling meal and the skillet even had too much bacon to finish if that is possible. Lots of things to try. Maybe they add a short stack of pancakes to menu because all others are full order at about $10 per order.笑
Love this place. Great food. Happy people. The breakfast skillets are huge!笑
Loved this location! I only knew of the one in South Scottsdale, which is great too btw. My husband and I went on a Sunday after church. Wait times at brunch spots can be up to an hour or more but here we were seated in 10 minutes and promptly greeted by the sweetest server. Our food was excellent. You have to try the to half and half!笑
Chicken fried steak is up there with the best of em!!! Service has always been great, smiling faces early in the morning is great to see. The food comes out quickly, and the prices are always good. It's definitely a go-to when we're hungry for good food.笑
This is a great place for breakfast, brunch, and lunch. The workers are pleasant, attentive, professional, and efficient. My server took my order, which I customized considerably. She offered helpful suggestions when I told her what I wanted. The meal came out of the kitchen within a few minutes, and exactly as I requested. 

One thing that impressed me above all else was that there was a carafe of coffee and a pitcher of water on the table. I was never without something to drink, both for nourishment (caffeine is a major food group) and for hydration.

Kudos to a well-run restaurant. They aren't so common.

Oh yeah, the food tasted great. My omelette plus coffee came to $17, which is a little pricey to an old guy, but it was worth every penny. Quality costs a little extra.笑
My son (9) and I came based off some reviews and we are both glad we did. It is a family run business and the owner George even came by to see how everything was. My son had the kids protein pancakes and I had the half and half, protein pancakes with an Idaho veggie skillet.  My son is an extremely picky eater but after he ate he said " well this is the best breakfast place around, I have benidicted" ( funny kid like eggs Benedict lol ) This will be our new breakfast brunch lunch spot. 2 thumbs up!笑
Went to many US Egg locations before and was reeled in by a mailer advertising the opening with a $10 off coupon.

As we walked in the restaurant is decorated very nice and we sat toward the back. The restaurant is shaped kind of in a triangle with a nice patio for great spring mornings.

We ordered Corn Beef Hash, Spinach and Mushroom Omelette and Triple Play Breakfast  Plates.

The portions were generous, the Corn Beef Hash was prepared well but I like it with a little crust but was good. It also came with hash browns which could have been a little bit more crisp to my preference. I don't like asking because I don't want it to be over cooked or burnt.

The triple play was a basic eggs, sausage and pancakes which were also good size portions. 

The omelette with mushrooms and spinach was generous and completely made to order with Egg whites only. They did a good job preparing everything as requested.

Very nice place and always looking for new breakfast places to eat.

Will keep US Egg in mind and certainly come back again.