Bought a pemeal breakfast sandwich here. Looked good through the glass, read the ingredients: pemeal, cheddar, egg. 
Server was super friendly!
Started eating my sandwich and realized it tasted funky.  Looked closer an realize there was some kind of sauce also on the sand which. Asked the server and she told me it was a Dijon.  
Never would have ordered the sandwich if that ingredient had been listed, told that to the server who was polite and said tea he would tell the chefs. 
I wanted a refund since I had eaten maybe a quarter of it, but she didn't offer and I didn't want to start haggling. 
Overall, friendly service but disappointing wast of money since I threw that out and will buy something elsewhere.笑
Been here a few times for lunch, their salads are delicious! Very filling and pretty healthy (I'm hoping!) 

They start running out of sandwiches and salad options shortly after 1pm so get there early!笑
Was at this place abt 10 mins ago. Purchased yogurt with granola and earl gray tea. Place looks nice and clean. Passed by here many times. Yogurt was good, but the cup was only half full.  The amount could have been more given the price of $4 and change.  Wont be going due to lack of friendly service. Girl on the counter just handed me my stuff, didnt even say thank u or anything. Didnt even ask if I wanted my receipt as I paid by debit. I was the only person there, ive worked in cust service for so long and it doesnt take a lot to say thank u. Clearly, not going back as Starbucks across the st has better service.笑
Great place for a dry sandwich.  Asked for whole wheat, saw staff prepare sandwich with white bread, and then proceeded to lie to my face when I asked if it was whole wheat. There's a better spot north on Yonge笑
Sandwiches here are the best ones in the financial core. I've walked by this place so many times before and have always been off put by the prices of their sandwiches ($10 including a spring mix with balsamic dressing), however today I was craving something fancy so I decided to give it a shot and I'm very glad I did. 

I had my eyes set on the roast beef sandwich but then I spotted the turkey sandwich with cranberry sauce. The BEST turkey sandwich ever. Hands down beats Brick Street Bakery's Thanksgiving sandwich any day. They grilled it first open faced on the grill to head it up, then as a panini. The turkey was oh so moist, very surprising especially considering how easily it is to overcook turkey. The cranberry sauce was divine. None of the sugary sweet artificial cranberry stuff, this was just the right tartness with a slight hint of ginger

I upgraded to the fancy salad for $3 instead of the regular spring mix salad. Got the kale, pumpkin seed, cranberry salad with pickled carrot and radish. It was a bit acidic for my taste but I quite liked the balance of salad with the sandwich. 

It was quite expensive, it totalled to almost $15 after taxes for the sandwich and salad but for the quality you are getting, it's worth it. I'm very glad I decided to try this place out for lunch.

Baked goods are sub par. I got the croissant on another occasion and wasn't very impressed. It was super dry and not flaky or airy nor was it particularly tasty. Not worth the $2+ for the croissant. I had a taste of the brownie and didn't like it. I like my brownies super chocolaty but this tasted like lots of icing sugar and not lots of cocoa. Probably won't be back for the baked goods but will be back for lunches!!!!笑
This was my first visit to any Cafe Plenty location. 

The prices were fair with good sized portions and tasty sandwiches and salads. Don't come here if you expect hot meals! I got three variety of salads for $10.00.

The decor is bright and refreshing and really welcomes you. Location wise it's not connected to the path but you can still get to it with only walking outside for less than 1 minute. 

The service was friendly and helpful and they really made sure that we were taken care of. 

Good afternoon coffee date spot or place to get a quick lunch!笑
There are better places to grab a coffee and croissant in the Financial District/Downtown Core. Located on the southeast corner of Yonge and King, Café Plenty gains points for both super friendly service and the very charming ambiance (great setup and décor). In the mornings, there's a decent amount of pastry varieties available (muffins, croissants, cookies, biscotti), and their drinks menu has the usual options (drip coffee - light or dark roasts available), and various types of lattes and other drink options.

Unfortunately, the positives stop there. I visited on a Friday morning around 8:30 AM, and it was relatively busy (but not as busy as other coffee shops in the area). I ordered a light roast coffee and one Pain Au Chocolat.

Sadly, the pastry was super, super dry! Also, despite being a Pain Au Chocolat, there were only very small pieces of chocolate in the actual croissant. Even worse, it was very, very dry and hard - the chocolate was almost frozen and very difficult to bite into. The coffee was average and left a bit of a sour aftertaste.

The dry pastry was definitely a disappointment (after looking forward to a pastry all morning!) - there are a ton of other options for pastries and coffee in the area, where pastries are way fresher and of better quality. For a small-sized coffee (and trust me, it's small) and a Pain Au Chocolat, I paid $5.25.笑
Stopped by to grab lunch to go but unfortunately they were already sold out of their vegetarian sandwich. I opted for the soup instead, a tomato bisque, and it was pretty disappointing. The consistency was good but it was so overwhelmingly sour that all other flavours were drowned out and it was honestly hard to finish - not worth the $6.75 that I paid for it.

I saw that they had some salads and pastries on display as well but none of them looked particularly appealing. I sampled their fruit square and it was only okay, nothing special. 

This place seemed like a cute little cafe where you could get a fresh and tasty meal on the go, however my first experience here would prove otherwise. You could probably get better food and pastries at the Starbucks across the street.笑
Stepped into this very tiny counter cafe because I was in a rush to eat and get to another appointment.  
It was 12:00 noon with one other person at the counter.  
I was greeted in a very friendly manner as I looked at the very fresh looking sandwich choices.  Quite a few choices with turkey and brie, roasted pork etc.  All with white or whole wheat buns.  Tough decision but chose the roast beef because it looked like my Mum's roast beef sliced nice and thick. They paired the roast beef with gorgonzola,  caramelized onions and watercress.  The sandwich was grilled to perfection and was delicious.  Came with greens but I opted for a fancier salad for an extra $3.00.  They had a choice of pasta and other unique choices.  I decided on barley with feta, baby peas and mint.  Beautiful flavors .
All was put into a cardboard take-out box so was very easy to eat on the subway.
Will certainly return to try the other sandwiches.笑
My first time at cafe plenty I wasn't disappointed! Cute decor and seating area (although not much). The sandwiches and special salads were unique which was refreshing. I ending up getting the turkey with brie and a sweet potato and chick pea salad which was all very tasty! They heat up the sandwich for you so it was nice and hot. Everything was $14 which I thought was a little pricey but the portion size was pretty good so that made up for it. The staff was very friendly and I would definitely go back!笑
I give this place a 3.5/5.

I came to this place sometimes since it's so close to work.

They have some great sandwiches and salads to choose from. I like the chicken club sandwich, and their house salad dressing is amazing. They add a bit of mint and balsamic vinaigrette and it is delicious. They usually have a couple of choices of sandwiches, and salads.

I've had the vanilla latte's here and they are delicious!

There coffee is a bit bitter for my taste, but if you like the darker roasts then you would love the coffee here.

The staff here are pretty friendly. 

The place small, but the white decor makes the cafe feel open and there is a cool modern sculpture running along the left wall. 

If you are looking for a new lunch place, coffee, sweet snack, a sandwich, you should check this place out.