I'm a big fan of Kinton, not only because their selection of ramen is delicious, but also because they're all made consistently across all of the locations. Kinton Ramen on Church is one of the newer locations, situated in the same area as Kinka Izakaya.

Like the other Kinton locations, their regular ramen choices are present. Pork or chicken broth, with several configurations of fixins available. However, unlike other Kintons, they also had a special available for just this location, which is called the Rich Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen.

I am a huge, huge fan of rich ramen broths, and it's hard to find in the city, so I had to try, and my goodness is it good. I think at this point, it's in my top 3 bowls of ramen available in Toronto.

Overall, Kinton on Church had great food, great service, and I can't wait to go back and have another bowl of rich tonkotsu shoyu.笑
ERMERGERDDD!!!! Such good ramen! The place was always busy, and the turnaround for tables is pretty decent. I had the Miso ramen with pork, and my friends each had the Spicy Garlic with pork. And both of them liked my better, so guess who had to share?!?! Yep. It's that good. Their fried dumplings are pretty bomb too if you're getting the combo...it's a really good deal. Coming back fosho!笑
I've been to this place many many times because I live really close to it. I am greeted every time I walk on by the waiter or waitress and it always wakes me up. 

I have consistently been trying one particular ramen here, but I have tried many of their side dishes. The spicy pork ramen (with pork shoulder OR belly, both are good), with no bean sprouts and extra spicy with thick noodles and rich broth. It is definitely going to make you sweat a bit, make you choke a few times because of the small pieces of garlic, but ask for a cup of ice water and enjoy it cause it is good!!

The pork is always BOMB, there is nothing wrong with it ever. It's super tender and flavourful and it melts in you mouth. The broth is also super rich and tasty. Do not waste the broth! Drink it until you literally cannot eat anymore! The noodles are perfectly cooked too. It is no soft to the point baby food, it is cooked al dente (or to the tooth), and it's perfect together with the hot broth and meat and everything. 

I have also tried their takoyaki (squid balls), karage (spicy and original, I actually prefer the original cause I don't like the spice they use for the spicy one), chiki chiki and Ton ton Don (Don means rice in japanese. And it's basically marinated chicken or pork with rice). But remember, these are only side dishes. My favourite of the side dishes has to be the takoyaki or original karage. If you want to try something new, you can try the rice side dishes but I feel like sometimes they are a bit too try (at least for my liking). If you want something less oily and flavourful, you can go for the rice side dishes. 

This place is a neat little place and I'm so glad I live near it. You should all give it a try!笑
Excellent dinner choice for a cold day. The restaurant is a little small with many tables packed in. It's not a big group sort of place since most of the tables are 2-4 people. However the wait is not bad. They serve chicken or pork ramen with the option of doubling the meat, thick or thin noodles, and various additives (spicy. Garlic etc) there are also cool Appetizer options. Be warned that the ramen itself is a very filling meal. If you finish your bowl to the last drop they'll take a photo of you and give you a stamp card. The ramen is excellent though very flavourfull, and the meat is tender. Aps chicken karage and takayaki were excellent but come extremely hot so wait 2 minutes lest you burn your tongue and miss the flavour of your ramen! (Leasson learned the hard way).  service is a little sluggish especially if you're in the corner, you'll need to get a server's attention to top up your drinks.笑
Even though this review is on the Kinton Ramen 5 page, the experience also comes from Kinton Ramen 2 on Bloor, which was equally great, to cut to the chase. Having eaten at the "big 3" ramen places in Toronto (that is, the most talked about ones, among other things), Kinton, Sansotei and Momofuku, I've concluded that Kinton is the best of the bunch. The portions are larger, and yet it's more affordable than the other two. I would shy away from getting the "rich" soup because it is essentially the regular broth, with lardons added to it (pieces of fat, if you're not from Quebec), which I personally was not a big fan of and had to pick around. However, the broth is rich and very umami, tastier than those of Sansotei and Momofuku. I would also suggest getting the pork shoulder (and doubling it, if you're super hungry), because there is a smaller meat-to-fat ratio, and so you get more meat. The spicy garlic is an excellent choice, or if you don't want excessive garlic breathe for the rest of your day, get the regular and ask for the Japanese chili flakes to put in to spice it up. My only criticism is that there are fewer accompaniments (egg, sprouts, corn, etc) than other ramen places; but I'd certainly sacrifice fewer of these for the greater amount of broth, noodles and meat they give you. I'd suggest getting a bar table by the open kitchen, because you get to watch the cook's at work, which can be very lively and entertaining (think teppanyaki but without all the fanciness). Would definitely go back!笑
Their jalapeno ramen is a must try! Their side rice dishes are also very delicious. Maybe it's just me, but I find everything else too oily & salty. Also there's rust on every single one of their cups lol.笑
It was okay. The service was loud and friendly, I enjoyed the atmosphere. However the vegetarian ramen was bland and boring. There was practically no flavour, the broth felt like it was just made with water. Which it probably was. The ramen was nothing special,  the kimchi (kimuchi) wasn't great it was just okay. I still enjoyed eating, had to ask for some soy sauce to at least put some flavour into it. My friend and I were disappointed and preferred Isshin way better. 

Everything was great except the food was just okay. Nothing smelled bad or made me want to puke, which is good.笑
Since fall happened I've found myself in a bit of a ramen mood and have been trying all the vegetarian/vegan friendly places in my area. I had been under the impression Kinton couldn't cater to this but a friend informed me otherwise and I made my way there that very week. It was very early on a Saturday when I arrived (5pm) and thus the place wasn't too busy. I parked myself in the corner so I had a good vantage point.

The server came and gave me the menu. As I had seen online there were two veggie options: a ramen bowl and a cold noodle salad. I chose the ramen. It came out after about 10 minutes and I was surprised and what was in front of me. The bowl was half filled with what looked like tinned corn, seaweed, two small pieces of broccoli and two soy nugget things (the menu had listed tofu). The broth was clear and oily and underneath were very white noodles that looked kind of like 2-minute noodles. 

I wasn't very impressed with the dish at all. The clear broth wasn't tasty or spicy, just oily. The corn was a weird choice, the seaweed didn't compliment it and the noodles just seemed cheap. The soy nuggets (in lieu of supposed tofu) did taste alright but I had to eat them immediately because they were going soggy. Even though I was starving I didn't finish the dish. I had no desire to eat all of the oily broth and scooping up so many pieces of corn and ripped up seaweed was far too time consuming.

Unfortunately the service matched the very underwhelming dish. I had to hail the server for the menu, ask for a fork, ask for water and flag him down twice for the bill. He didn't ask if I liked my meal, whether I wanted a drink or if I wanted any dessert. It wasn't even busy.

I'm very grateful that traditional Asian restaurants are starting to cater to my diet because I love their food. However, serving a bad vegetarian/vegan dish is worse than not serving one at all. These guys are a chain and thus this is pretty disappointing. The chefs certainly need to pay a visit to Ramen Isshin or Jinya Ramen and then maybe they'd see that the bar is a lot higher than they expected.笑
Just a few bites from our full review - 

"Sipping on Calpico (light in colour, flavour and sweetness), we felt submerged in Japanese culture. Also, their homemade lemonade was thirst drenching, with lemon fibre floating, it was a simple yet impressive drink."
"The egg addition to both dishes was our best decision that day - it was done medium and upon biting, some of it coloured the soup. As per the waitresses' suggestion, we had a side of cheese. It was graded, Swiss cheese with a slightly bitter undertone which made the dish a bit more wholesome, as the chicken breast was quite lean. The slice of meat was, none-the-less, tender and light."笑
Tried one week ago, and ordered the Spicy Garlic Pork Ramen with thin noodle. The soup was tasty, but the noodle wasn't well cooked and the pork was too salty. Also, the bowl didn't feel like a complete dish, just a sum of parts. Given the hype and how many locations have opened up over the years, thought it was just OK.笑
Thoroughly mediocre, the noodles were good, the broth okay, but I won't be planning my trip back. 

The Karaage chicken was good, but do me a favor and don't order it spicy, the hot sauce is too westernized :-/

It's ok...笑
I liked the torched fatty pork but the untorched one in the broth doesn't taste as good. Broth is ok. Boiled egg is delicious, it is marinated and the yolk is semi solid, the best part of the meal. The seats and tables were cramped and uncomfortable.笑
Most exceptional service ever received from any staff. The food was quick and fresh. They really understand customer service. One of the best ramen places I've been to.笑
Great ramen. Haven gone a couple of times now and always enjoy both the pork and chicken. Not a lot of seating so it can be busy but worth the wait.笑
In my opinion, Ramen here is comparable to Sansotei and Santouka -- packed with flavour. I was impressed with the Karaage, which was cooked to perfection.笑
Kinton Ramen - a Toronto go-to place for ramen! 

This was my first time getting ramen to go and for lunch. 
We waited a bit to pick up our order (maybe 20 mins), they were very busy in store and had quite a few food couriers standing by.

I chose to get their vegetarian bowl special, it was about $10. It came with crispy tofu, corn, sprouts, onions and mushrooms in clear broth. I like choosing this broth as it tastes less salty.
I knew there were only 2 tofu nuggets, so I added chicken for an extra $2.5.

The food was kept hot. I actually mixed everything in a separate glass bowl at the office. As expected from Kinton, you will feel full and satisfied! The portions are decent, I even saved approximately half of it to take home for dinner.

My takeaway lunch experience overall was delish ^_^笑
Authentic feel and delicious bowls of ramen.  I like my ramen simple and they do it right. Straight forward to order. You get what you expect and the extra ingredients are plentiful if you want to spice it up. Can just get a bit expensive if you want to stray outside the standard bowl.笑
The menu is pretty simple..you pick either pork or chicken ramen broth..then u pick the type of soup base (original-sea salt, miso, spicy, shoyu), then thick or think noodle, then meat. You can request to add more topping like corn, green onion, etc for additional charge.

Overall, the ramen is pretty good..I would say it is an authentic Japanese ramen place. The soup base(original) is really flavorful.I would say it is on the oily side..the pork meat is tender..However, I could not finish the entire ramen, because half through eating this ramen, the oil grease and the flavor were too much..笑
We were not full after eating at Guu / Kinka so we decided on Round two at Kinton Ramen.   This is a great place to get a good sized bowl of ramen.   I would recommend you try the Pork Shoyu Ramen with pork belly.笑
The pork tastes good!
Too much garlic influenced the taste of both soup and ramen.
It seems like the restaurant is too busy. Only one waitress is walking around and we waited for long time for everything.
Bad judgement on attitude.笑
It's a small space that's cool and bright.  Great cool casual style.  Seating for three is a bit tight there but that's part of the look, bring skinny friends.

We had the vegetarian ramen and it was tasty.  Good variety of topping, the noodles had a nice texture, and broth was flavourful without being too salty (ie I did not feel guilty about drinking the soup.).

My only criticism of the menu is that I'd appreciate more vegetarian or vegan choices.  For example, they had a lunchtime combo which started with pork or chicken broth (why not veggie)?  And perhaps a couple more veggie apps to choose from beyond edamame and what's not already in the vegetarian ramen.

Service was prompt, friendly, and enthusiastic.  

Would go back for my local ramen fix.笑
Ramen is one of my favorite things in the world. I used to work in NYC and Totto Ramen midtown east was one of the favorite places I used to go at least once a week. After transferring to Toronto this September, I have been eager to find a ramen place to replace Totto's rich and thick chicken broth and its charred charsiu. 
And I found it. This is the place. I tried the original pork here as I always try the clean broth my first time at ramen places because then they got nowhere to hide behind the spices and seasonings. It was rich, creamy, packed with pork bone flavor (mustve been cooking long time to get that kind of deep bone flavor). shoulder meat and charred pork bellies were both so awesome. I loved that they gave two kinds of meat just for the sake of diversity. I got extra noodles for $1.9 which I usually always do but it was kind of strange that you have to ask for this when you first order as at other places I can usually order later. One disappointment had to be the waitress suggestion of thick noodles. I should have known but with cleaner broth, always go with thin noodles as more broth per noodle quantity per bite in your mouth so that each bite is balanced and better flavored. The thick noodles kept distracting me from the broth. Obviously with miso and spicy ones, thick noodles will do.
I was extremely happy that I found a good ramen place I can return for a fix. I am definitely glad I tried this place after feeling so hopeless after trying Sansotei ramen (first time I didnt get extra noodles from a ramen place - flavor was simple, artificial, extremely salty and bitter tang at the end of each bite). I hope next time the broth is just as good at kinton and cant wait.
I dont need good service for a good bowl of ramen but just to comment, they are nice but inattentive. Never fills up my water unless I ask them to.笑
First time here came in super hungry upon arrival.  Customer service was quick!  Recommend the pork shoulder with ramen noodles it was delicious.  I loved sitting at the bar watching food and presentation being prepped.  Will come back again the next time I visit.笑
This location is my new favourite. It's my first time at this one and it's crazy how you can actually taste the difference when you visit different locations.
This Kinton's food is soooo effing good. Their broth is rich and flavourful, and service is quick. The design of the place is very aesthetically pleasing too. I would definitely go out of my way to dine-in at this location again. For a while, I totally forgot how amazing Kinton's food can taste.. until this visit! Ugh, I'm craving it already.笑
Okay, fellow foodies do not get mad at me for what I am about to say. Prior to today I was stubborn and didn't like ramen just because I always thought of it as the packaged stuff and never opened up my palette to the real stuff.

I went to Kinton Ramen for my first bowl of real ramen ever and OMG where has this been my entire life?! I can't believe my stubbornness has prevented me from tasting one of the most amazing things in life -cries-

I was afraid it was going to be busy but there were a good amount of seats along the bar. The staff were very attentive and made sure to ask me right away what my order was when it looked like I was ready.

I got the Original Pork Miso Ramen that had soy bean paste, bean sprouts, scallions, corn, garlic oil, and pork, with thin noodles. I think my noodles arrived within 10 min or less. Wow, it was delicious. Pork was tender and slightly charred for added flavour, broth was seasoned well with just the right amount of salt, and the noodles were cooked perfectly. I think I did pretty well for my first bowl of real ramen.

Highly recommended and I will definitely come back again.笑
So far this is the best ramen I've had in Toronto. The broth was very tasty and not overly salty like all the other ramen noodle places I've tried. 
The menu was simple which helped a lot. I find at other places all the dishes look the same to me. Here you choose your broth, meat, and noodles. Simple. Fresh. Tasty.笑
Making my way through the Kinka family of restaurants, I was invited to Kinton Ramen 5. Never having ramen at a restaurant, I thought it was just soup. Well....I was quote wrong. 

First off....This location is BUSY! Go early! 

Like the Kinka Izikaya locations, you are greeted by all of the staff when you arrive and when you leave. Noise level is loud, but you get used to it. Made me want to yell something too! We grabbed seats at the bar and got some delicious Sapporo. I ordered Gyoza to start and the Original Pork Ramen with thick noodles and the seasoned egg. My friend got the Hot Karaage and Spicy Garlic Pork Ramen with thick noodles and the seasoned egg.  

Are you noticing a trend on the seasoned egg? GET IT. It's surprisingly delicious, you won't regret it. I eat a lot of eggs at home and I would trade all of them for seasoned eggs from Kinton Ramen.  

Our bowls arrived, piled high with pork and veggies. It smelled amazing. There were so many toppings, it took me awhile to find the ramen! These are large bowls; even with an empty tummy, it was a challenge. The pork belly was fantastic; so tender and full of flavour. It was sliced very thin, making it easy to eat without splashing broth all over you. 

The Hot Karaage was hot! My friend was sniffling and loved every bite. The sauce was good and hot on the fried chicken. The gyoza was crisp and drizzled with sweet chili sauce. I offered my friend one and I was secretly happy she didn't take me up on it. I heart gyoza.

We found out that if you finish the bowl, you get a photo with the super awesome enthusiastic staff. I WANTED IT SO BAD! Someone had their photo taken while we were there and we got super jealous. 

Service was alright, but the place was packed! Not a seat in the house. There are lots of servers, so don't wait for the original one you talked to if you need something, they all help each other! A great vibe at this place. I've already planned my next visit!笑
This is my second time going to Kinton at this venue and it was mediocre. There are so many options in the vicinity that it makes for stiff competition and there is at least one other ramen joint I would choose over this Kinton.

We came in for lunch on a weekday and we didn't need to wait. The decor and atmosphere is good as it gives a slightly new/contemporary interior. The wall is typical of all Kinton ramen places with their cool looking wood walls. Service was good.

I ordered the Miso pork belly ramen with the chicken and mayo side dish combo which came to $12.90 before tax. There was NO LUNCH MENU which was a huge disappointment because typically lunches are cheaper in order to draw more consumers. This is why I needed to reduce their rating since I expect some kind of special for lunches.

The broth I chose was thick miso however it was not as thick as it should have been. I expected a rich creamy broth but it seemed average. The pork belly was thin and could've been juicer. The noodles were good and elastic. Quantity was sufficient.

The side dish of chicken and mayo on rice was sub-par as it was small and flavorless save for the little bit of mayo. Nothing special and I would highly suggest to AVOID IT because of its price.

Overall, the price is not worth this ramen joint. You're paying $15-20 after tax for a bowl of ramen and at the end of the day, it is too much for noodles and meat of this quality. Look around because Church/Gerrard is home to many other better ramen joints.笑
As we were visiting Toronto for the first time, we saw many signs for Ramen. We were super enthusiastic about having traditional ramen so we used Yelp to find a great spot. We chose this one and couldn't have been happier with our choice. The food was great! Our tummy's were dancing with delight and satisfaction. We didn't know what to expect but man was it good. Thank you for making our first Ramen experience all that and more. Most importantly my 10 year old son was in Ramen heaven and that's most important to me!笑
I have a confession to make. The first time I had ramen, was one month ago. I know! Have I been living under a rock?! It was only after watching David Chang on Mind of a Chef, did I become determined to try out ramen and see what all the fuss was about.

With interest now high, I hit another obstacle - where do I go?? There are so many options! So off I went to Yelp, BlogTo and other popular food websites to see which they considered to be the best ramen restaurant. So after some internal back and forth, I decided to go with Kinton Ramen. And conveniently, a Kinton Ramen had such opened down the street from me on Church Street (it is a chain).

6 friends and I decided to pay them a visit on a Saturday for lunch, and we arrived just as they opened - so seating was not an issue. As I usually do, I had already reviewed the menu, and knew what I wanted to order. As each friend arrived, we ordered tea - it was a really cold day, and the only warm drink on their menu were a variety of teas. Though not much of a tea drinker, I was still impressed with the teas they offered (can't find the list of teas online - but trust me, they were unique, tasty and good value at $2).

When the conversation turned to what each person was gonna order, people's interest's ranged from chicken and pork for their meat, to spicy garlic, miso and original broth. I was definitely not interested in the chicken option because the white onion was a turn off. Interestingly, or may stupidly, I decided to get the spicy garlic broth instead of the original, which goes against everything I stand for when it comes to trying a new restaurant or a new cuisine. And that is, "order the original, what they are known for, or keep it simple." But the spicy garlic sounded so good, so I went with it - bad idea. I really did not care for the flavour and could not understand why people enjoyed ramen so much. I found that the garlic flavour was not clear, but muted, and it was not spicy enough. I am not saying it was inedible - but it was a dish that took me all day to finish (ate some at the restaurant and took the rest home). The noodles themselves were delicious, and the chicken karaage that I got on the side was decent (Kinka Izakaya, next door, sells my favorite). The friends I was with enjoyed their dishes, but weren't blown away. Since I had been the only person who had never had ramen before, I was the only person that could not use an example of a better ramen restaurant in the city. But apparently there are many great ones. With that in mind, I must try ramen again somewhere else, and get the original next time.笑
Restaurant atmosphere was very loud and alive. Waited 15 mins in a line in this tiny door way entrance leading to this tiny space. 
Took longer than average for our ramen to come, got spicy garlic pork ramen with thick noodles and shoyu ramen with thick noodles.  
The spicy garlic ramen wasn't the best flavored soup, I wasn't impressed and didn't really enjoy the soup so 'garlicy'. The pork in my soup was cold, the noodles were slightly undercooked  and the broth wasn't tasty. 
The shoyu ramen broth was much better but a tad over salted, pork was also cold, tough, chewy. 

I wouldn't reccomend.笑
I've tried Kinton ramen several times and I've never been a fan until the last time I came. I decided to give this place another try after seeing the reviews on their gyoza and how great people said the sauce on it was. This place happened to be on my way home from work and because I was super hungry, I decided to eat here. I ordered the ramen combo with the spicy garlic ramen paired with 4pcs of gyoza. Although their ramen was good, the broth was a bit too salty for my liking and it wasn't amazing compared to sansotei. I am giving this place 4 stars because the gyoza was one of the best ones if not the best gyoza I've ever tried. Not sure what they put in that sauce but it definitely was super amazing!笑
Pretty good spot. Appetizers were on-point. They have some good deals on Sapporo as well.笑
Yup. Found it. My favourite Ramen House this far. Previous critics claim the soup is too salty but we found it Perfect. 

I chose the pork miso thin ramen. At first I was annoyed that a "seasoned egg" costs extra but now that Ive tried it, i wont hesitate to order and pay for it again. The soup and pork were wonderfully flavoured. The portion looked small at first but even as hungry as I was I couldn't finish it! 

My friend got the combo (with the spicy garlic pork ramen which they enjoyed) and selected the gyoza and the sesame dessert. OmG!  The dressing on the gyoza was mayo like with a twist and very tasty. The sesame pudding dessert is light and worth going back for just for that! 

Our gripes were that my friend's egg was over cooked, the seating isn't very comfortable, and the 2 Caucasian cooks kept screaming 
In Japanese... Really really loud! At first it was funny, but then it just got super annoying. Tip: Dont sit at the bar unless you have to... You'll lose your hearing. 

This location is out of our way (we just happened to be in the area) so Im really hoping that the quality and taste at the other locations are consistent. 

Overall VERY happy we stumbled in!笑
This is a small but upscale looking from the outside looking ramen place.
The warm loud welcome when you step in sets the tone for the visit with a warm friendly service.

The ramen choices are quite simple with either a pork or chicken based ramen stock. from there you can add your taste options and other add-on options.

I had the garlic pork and my wife had the spicy kimchi chicken ramen.

The food was delicious and we finished everything down to the last drop which is a prerequisite to get a 'stamp' in the frequent eater card. You get a stamp for every meal and once you accumulate enough, you get some freebies!

Overall an excellent experience and we will be back!笑
Love this restaurant. In my top 2. 
Don't come here if you've just eaten because it's very filling. And if you can sit at the bar and you get to watch the chefs cook!笑
Step 1: chose pork ramen broth
Step 2: chose shoyu flavor with soy sauce, bean sprouts, scallions, nori and pork
Step 3: thin noodles
Step 4: add a seasoned egg

Results: a flavorful savory broth. The noodles are fresh made and cooked just right. 

Very reasonable price at $10.99

Excellent!笑
The ramen here was delicious. I had the shoyu ramen with pork shoulder. Of particular note: the seasoned eggs are delicious (maybe the best I've had), and the pork belly had an amazing sear, giving it a wonderful flavour. On top of that, the broth was excellent. Not the richest ice ever had, but then I had ordered the normal broth (they also have a rich option). The gyoza were also good. At just under $45 (tax and tip included) for two lunch specials + drinks, the price was more than reasonable (by Toronto ramen standards, at least). I look forward to returning to try more types of ramen.笑
Came here with my boyfriend not long after Kinton opened their new location on Church. We were greeted by the friendly staff who welcome you with a little chant (for lack of a better term) in Japanese. They also did this on our way out and the staff seemed genuinely happy both times as opposed to forced. 

Wait time was nonexistent; we were seated immediately. The seating arrangement was rather tightly packed, as we sat in the stools where we were virtually elbowing the couple next to us, but that didn't bother either parties much.

I got the Hot Karage ($5.90) while my boyfriend got the Spicy Garlic Ramen with pork, pork broth, and thick noodles ($10.99) The hot karage was amazingly seasoned and so full of flavour, but was a bit too salty for me. Also, I found a hair in my chicken so I kindly told a waitress and she made a new batch for me :) Yay. Bf said the ramen was too heavy on the garlic, and the serving wasn't that great compared to Ajisen Ramen. Also, you have to pay extra for toppings, which I see a lot in ramen restaurants, but not in Ajisen

Food: 3.5/5
*chicken had great flavour but a little too much salt; ramen had wayy too much garlic

Price: 3.5/5
*not THAT much more expensive than places like Ajisen-the difference is only $2 on average, but if you want toppings, you have to pay extra

Service: 5/5
*staff was SUPER friendly on our way in and out and provided me with a new plate of Hot Karage when they heard a hair was in my original plate

Overall, would recommend this place to foodies who love trying new restaurants. I still prefer Ajisen, but this was a nice change of scenery笑
This place is fresh, hot and decent. I am not a ramen connoisseur by any means (I prefer the stuff in the packages), but the soup was tasty, the noodles were not overdone and nicely chewy. The atmoshphere is busy, and you are seated very close to people you do not know (so not great for intimate meals). If I had one criticism, it would be that the soup was VERY SALTY. If other people wanted to come back, I would; but it's not top of my list.笑
My friend took me here. Their portions are super filling so do not come here if you already ate! The place has a very nice atmosphere and the servers are very nice! The place is super clean and the prices are not bad! 

You must try their TAKOYAKI balls, they are amazzzzzzzzing. They are sooooo goood and worth coming back for! Their ramen is pretty delicious too!笑
Best ramen in town! Get the Tonkatsu. I got it with Chicken instead of pork. It was insanely delicious. Perfect soft-boiled egg and little strands of fennel on top. The chicken was so succulent and tender. Nice guys as well!! 5 stars all the way!!笑
I've been going to the Kinton on Baldwin for a while and wanted to try their new location as its closer to my work. As always, it did not disappoint! I had the Pork Shoyu Ramen with thin noodles and the Gyoza as a side dish. Delicious! The broth was not too salty or oily and has a ton of flavour and the pork was cooked perfectly. Also, the prices are pretty decent and the staff are very nice and attentive. The only negative thing I have to say is the lack of seating and place to put your bags while eating.笑
I have been to Kinton Ramen before, but this was my first visit to the church street location.  I still love the concept and I like the simple ordering.  I ordered the miso soup with thick noodles and pork.  It was good but very very salty.  Like too salty.  The waters were replenished regularly which was great, because, as mentioned, my food was very salty.  My one pet peeve with the concept of small table and stools to sit on is there is no where to put your bag, and coat.  There is a coat rack in the back, but I'm never a big fan of leaving my coat in the rack.  Again, my own pet peeve. Other then that it was a good dining experience.  I left quite full, and satisfied.笑
First time at this now Toronto institution. I know there's much back and forth about the best ramen place in Toronto, and I have to say, I haven't had ramen anywhere else but here. And it was great. It was cold AF today, and so when we walked past the huge line at Hokkaido on Dundas, we just kept on walking up Church to Kinton where there was just another couple in front of us. We were seated fairly quickly, and ordered the following:

- a mini Sapporo, a cocktail called Gold (cocktail was weak but refreshing - would not get again)
- edamame (very well salted, maybe even slightly over, addictive as edamame tends to be)
- an order of the original chicken ramen with thin noodles (my husband's order, he loved it, he said he could "die in this broth")
- an order of the original chicken ramen with thin noodles +  jalapeno paste. The broth was rich and hot, albeit a little salty, and there was a generous amount of noodles. It came with two pieces of chicken breast, some nori, green onions/white onions, some sliced jalapeno + jalapeno paste, and a seasoned egg. I'm glad I added the jalapeno paste, because I think I would have been bored halfway through the bowl otherwise. The seasoned egg though was KEY - I will always add this on to my order and I would recommend you do too. Overall, it was great, warmed my soul.

Service was a little slow, but I won't ding them too much for that, since they got super busy as soon as we got seated. The staff does send you off with a loud greeting, izakaya style, which is always fun.

TLDR: saltier than I like/expected it to be, addition of jalapeno paste + seasoned egg made the ramen SO much more enjoyable. good ration of broth to noodles. served piping hot as it should be.笑
Stopped by with family for a quick dinner before heading out to a show last weekend. 

Luckily grabbed the last 4 seats as the friendly staffed called hello to us as we walked in. So fun and friendly that the chefs would call out, welcoming patrons from the kitchen, as well as a kind welcome from the hostess. 

I went for the pork broth spicy garlic ramen with thin noodles, pork belly and an egg. The flavour of the broth was nice, and my family was jealous they didn't order the same! 
If anything, there was so much fresh garlic I was worried I would reek! The noodles were tender, and the egg fresh. The pork was a little fattier than I like, the meat to fat ratio wasn't exactly even, but it wasn't a big problem. 

I also loved being able to watch the chefs do their thing in the open kitchen. 

We were in a bit of a rush so we didn't try anything except our ramen bowls, but I look forward to trying this location again and other items on the menu.笑
I love Kinton ramen so I was excited when I heard about its new location, which is very close to Ryerson. The servers and chefs were all really polite, but I wouldn't say that this place had the best service. They messed up my order, so I had to wait around 20 minutes for my food, but I didn't mind since they so nice and apologetic about it. Usually when I'm at a Kinton restaurant, whoever finishes their entire bowl of ramen will be granted "bowler" status, and the workers will take a photo of you and your bowl and give you a stamp card to accumulate points - everyone who eats here knows that this is what Kinton is known for. However, when my friend finished all of his ramen, the employees here did not do anything about it or even acknowledge it at all. I was excited for him to get his photo taken because it was his first time, but nothing happened. I wish they would have made a bigger deal about it like the workers do at other Kinton locations. 

Aside from that, the food was good and the people are very friendly.笑
Not a bad place to go for ramen. Located on Church and Gerrard st. Very good location笑
The chicken breast was soft and flavourful and the noodles were just the right texture. The price isn't too bad but the serving size is smaller in comparison to other ramen places and the seaweed, egg, and chicken that comes with the ramen is actually pretty small in quantity so after finishing that (pretty quickly) it's just noodles and the soup. Overall, the ramen was really good and I would go back.笑
4.5/5.

After recommendations to try at least one Kinton Ramen location, I finally gave it a go!

I came here on a busy day (Pride weekend + this location located on Church = business be booming). Upon entering, the servers and cooks shouted something in Japanese, as they do in all Ramen restaurants I've ever been to. Luckily, my party of 2 did not have to wait long. One party had just left before our arrival, but tables that came after had to wait for up to 5 minutes. People were constantly entering and leaving - an indication of fast service. The tables by the window seat up to 3 people, and there are bar seats, as well as one long table in the front. We got a window table. There are no back rests for any chairs, so take that in mind if you need to lean back.

I immediately had to use the washroom, which was quite spacious and clean. They had tooth picks, among other things on the counter, for your use. We got two menus: one regular one, and one that had their combo (ramen+side dish) option. It took a while for us to snag down a waiter...I had to wave to them three times before they saw us. We were also sitting down, so that may have been a factor for not seeing us earlier...

I ordered the Miso Chicken Broth combo (with thick noodles, chicken breast, and additional sweet corn for +$1). I added the Age Gyoza as my side for the combo. The Age Gyoza arrived first and it was simply DELIGHTFUL. The plating was beautiful. It was a perfect crunch complemented by the light mayo drizzle. I am a bit sad because I enjoyed it more than the actual ramen! When my bowl of ramen arrived, it tasted great, but I've had better. It's better than what I've had at Markham's JTown and Ajisen, but Sansotei is still my #1. This definitely comes in second, and with the convenience of 5 locations, I'll definitely be back at Kinton! Kinton Ramen is definitely worth the try.

The Chicken Ramen combo is $13.99. With my sweet corn for $1, it came up to $14.99 plus taxes.笑
newest kinton location, definitely doesn't disappoint and is consistent with other locations. although i feel like i had an extra piece of pork shoulder with my ramen, maybe it was a fluke笑
I ordered Miso pork. Generally it was good. The pork belly was way too fat... The soup was tasty but could not be saltier.笑
Food is ok, but some may like it more, I guess it's a matter of taste. Prices are neither low nor high. Nice atmosphere, friendly staff.笑
Was really feeling the love for having Ramen, and my new favourite place happened to be closed on a a Tuesday.  Quickly did a search and found another place that was fairly close.

Walked over to Kinton, and I must say that this place has a great look from the outside.  
Once inside, I was immediately greeted by a round of roars from chefs and servers (in typical Japanese fashion).  Was dinning solo, so I was seated at the bar.  Which was great because I could watch all the action of the yummy Ramen being prepared.  

I ordered the Miso Pork Ramen.  I had initially thought the menu was rather limited, but then after I had ordered I realized there was a whole back page that had a number of appetizers and other small dishes.  

Because I was dinning solo at the bar, the chef handed me my bowl of yummy goodness.  The ramen was served up hot and was a really good pork broth.  The noodles were cooked to perfection.  The pork belly in the ramen was also very good.  Once I was finished, the server was quick with providing the bill.  I paid and was out the door.

Overall, I had a really good meal.  I've had better ramen, but Kinton is a solid place.  I'll definitely go back and try some of the other options.  The service was definitely good and no complaints.  The place is modern and clean.笑
I have tried the Kinton Ramen on Baldwin and recently I have tried this location. I have to say that I do prefer this location compared to the Baldwin location. I thought that the seating in this location was better than the Baldwin location. At the very least I wasn't squished next to the person I sit next to trying to use my chopsticks to eat my ramen. The broth for the ramen was good but I thought that the noddles were a bit hard. Overall my experience here was much better than the one I had at the Baldwin location. The servers were all very nice and I like the decor of this location - very hip.笑
I've gone to 3 different locations for Kinton Ramen. My friends and I were just walking along Church Street. Not going to lie, the only reason why we stopped in was because they had a sign that a pitcher of Sapporo was $9.99. Luckily I was able to convince the others to come in and try some ramen.

Their ordering system is fairly simple. You can choose either chicken or pork, choose the broth, noodles and extras such as seasoned egg, garlic, etc. You can have a combo for $12.99 so you get the ramen and choose from 3 dishes to have with it. I normally get the shoyu broth but it didn't come with an egg! I have to have the egg! Yeah I was being cheap and not paying the extra $1.50. I do prefer the shoyu broth. So I got the original pork ramen with gyoza. I love the pork belly. It's delicious! I used to be able to finish the entire bowl but I guess with old age I can no longer stuff myself like a build-a-bear. It's very filling and you can order extra meat if you're crazy hungry.

If you like getting yelled at upon entering and leaving an establishment (in another language) then this is the place for you! Haha but jokes aside, the staff at all locations have always been very friendly. I need to collect more stamps to get free stuff though!笑
Had a fly in my bowl of ramen, called the waitress over, and she offered me a new bowl which was nice. But she then went on telling me how it's 'fly season' and that it's normal that the lamps (directly above the heads of seated customers) attract flies and that sometimes they will fall into the bowl and that we customers, should be careful about this. She even suggested me to move my chair to the side and eat at the corner of the table. I was bewildered by her treatment, however I just acknowledged her excuses and went on eating my 'new' bowl of ramen, which was most likely the exact same bowl.笑
I have been wanting to try Ramen for a while but held off on it because I thought I would enjoy it more during the the cool weather. So I went here on a cold fall night hoping for some ramen to warm me up :). I ordered chicken breast, light broth, miso base with jalepeno paste and a seasoned egg accompanied with thick noodles. The ramen was prepared well but it was still a bit bland for my palette. I am not sure if I would consider myself a ramen fan. However the tako wasabi (octopus wasabi), octopus balls, and the fried chicken we ordered for appetizers were simply yummy! I really liked the ambiance as well, which makes it for a great place to catch up with a friend over some $3 beer on a weeknight. I would recommend this place for people who want to try ramen. Be the judge for your self! 

Cool fact: If you finish your bowl they take a picture of you for their instagram account and present you with a button and a card where you collect stamps every time you finish a bowl eventually receiving a free bowl!笑
Casual ramen place that is certainly ideal for a quick ramen fix! Chic and trendy atmosphere with energetic staff. Had the original pork ramen and added sweet corn for $1. Pork broth was extremely tasty with good portions of pork belly, egg and ramen. Interesting thing about the place is that you can 'build' your own ramen from choosing the type of broth, soup base, type of noodles and toppings which makes the whole experience more enjoyable. After having our meal, the staff requested to take a photo with us with our empty bowls which was unexpected.  Really appreciated their spontaneity and cool take on the whole ramen enterprise.笑
The doors are really heavy to open. Like actually ????

The ramen quality was good with the meat being better than most other ramen places including hokkaido. The soup was bland.

A decent place to get food, nothing special but not terrible.笑
Ordered Uber Eats from this location a couple nights ago, way too over priced.

4 small pieces of fried chicken appetizer costs $7.55, and the ramen costs $12.99 offering only two thin slices of meat on it.

Tasted average, but the portion and price does not add up at all.

Definitely will not get this again笑
Amazing flavour with your choice of chicken or pork broth/meat. 

I absolutely loved this place, came across it on yelp. I don't eat pork and loved that this place he chicken options.  From miso to spicy jalapeño. The flavour was so good, layered with a choice of thick or thin noodles.

Add ins included egg, scallions, garlic and etc, you can customize your 'basic' ramen with a ton of options.  Loved the service, loved the food.

You'll be greeted in some (what I assume) is a cool japanese greeting by the staff. If you're a foodie, get a seat by the cooking area so you can catch the staff making your delicious ramen.笑
What an awesome place to eat at!!! The workers here were super friendly and they even took a picture of my boyfriend and I and posted it on their Instagram. They were very informative and made my experience there very enjoyable. The broth was rich and creamy and the flavours were perfect. 
They have different specials on different days. I'll be sure to come back on a Monday so we can try out the karaage chicken one !笑
I was so excited to try this place and managed to convince my husband to try it although he isn't huge on ramen or any soupy-foods. We were very underwhelmed. I am a huge ramen fanatic so I thought we would be in for a real treat but I was wrong. The fried chicken we ordered as an app was so drenched in oil, it was inedible. We left pieces on the plate. This has never happened before! The ramen itself was okay, at best. Not good, not bad. Just bland. We ordered with extra corn and they definitely hooked it up but the base itself was very watery and oily with no actual flavour. Chicken was flavourless. Noodles were nothing memorable. I don't think I will come back since there are so many awesome ramen options in the city. Also, the atmosphere is loud as the waiters are constantly shouting.笑
Stopped by for a late lunch here. 5 stars for service, ambience and decor. Server was very pleasant too. Food was ok though. It was missing something, cant point out what though. Got edamame too, and it was just salted. Wasn't the best ramen ever but still not too bad.笑
Probably still my favourite place to frequent for ramen.  Offers a choice of how how rich you want your soup.  Friendly service and authentic Japanese atmosphere.笑
I was really looking forward to eating here since a friend told me to try this place when I was visiting Toronto. She told me the garlic ramen was amazing and anything that comes in limited qualities already sounds like something I need to try. I usually order the spicy ramen but decided to change it up and went with the garlic tonkotsu ramen (low sodium), with my usual thin noodles for a significant reduction in the amount of carbs. There  are two types of noodles; thin and fat. My husband and I chose the pork miso ramen and pork shoyu ramen. Both dishes came with creamy and delicious broth. I asked for spicy paste but unfortunately they didn't offer any, wish they let you pick spicy level. I gave them four stars because pork slides (chashu) weren't soft enough to chew. The portions were good too- sometimes ramen can be this huge bowl but this was perfect. Also, it was overwhelmingly salty. 

We also started the Takoyaki which was good so I would recommend getting it here if you like it. They came with four balls. My husband ordered lemonade Asahi, good concept but wasn't that great. However, service was ok. Definitely a place that you should give it a try if you are in town.笑
Let me preface this by saying that I'm not a ramen lover but Kinton has won my heart and satisfied my belly. As a newcomer to Toronto I wanted to check out the food scene and because my boyfriend is a huge fan of ramen I agreed to try the highly rated Kinton Ramen. And I was not disappointed. I ordered from their Summerlicious menu and got the Pork Gyoza and Chicken Karaage appetizer, the Spicy Garlic Ramen and the Matcha Cheesecake for dessert.

The gyoza was delicious while the karaage was nice but not very flavorful.
The ramen was amazeballs. I highly recommend it with the thick noodles.
Lastly the matcha cheesecake is what dreams are made of. Perfectly rich and smooth and decadent.

All in all it was a fantastic meal and since there's a Kinton location opening near my place I will definitely be checking it out in the near future.笑
Just like all they're other locations ... fantastic!! Love the broth!!

Simple, delightful, flavourful, fresh, hot and affordable.

If you haven't been here before, you simply choose your way down the steps (photo of menu attached). Choose your broth, flavour, soup, noodle, meat and additional toppings.

Clean and new restaurant, friendly service.

Sitting at the high top you get to see them put your dish together. They torch the pork belly too. 

They have special menu combos or special ones for different days and for two dollars you get a side dish for example. 

If you are hungry, for an additional $2 you can add extra noodles.

If you want more meat, it is an additional $2.50.

If you love garlic as much as me, I suggest you add grated garlic in the additional topic section for $1. a melon ball size of delicious garlic. Just beware of garlicky breath after. Dont worry though, they offer free mouth wash in the bathroom.

They have Sapporo on tap ranging from a mini size (8oz smaller than a regular glass of coke, image uploaded)., a pint (16oz), big mug (32oz) and a pitcher (60oz). They also have sake, beer bottles and beer cocktails.

If you can't get into this location they have a few other locations, check their website!笑
This is my fourth time at this place. The quality is well kept and service is great. I had tried both pork and chicken in various occasion and I find the chicken broth is more to my liking. The chicken broth is creamy but not as thick as pork. The noodle is perfectly cooked. The chicken breast is very tender and flavorful. Unfortunately the portion is very small. The egg can be cooked a bit less as I like the yolk be a bit runny. The menu is rather limited but all I want is a hot bowl of ramen so I am fine with that. It is soon become my staple ramen stop whenever I come to downtown Toronto.笑
This place is located right next to Kinka Izakaya (formally Guu).   Place is well lit with an open kitchen.  There menu also have small bites (gyoza, karage, takoyaki, etc) as well as beer and sake.  Tried their spicy ramen which was not very spicy.  There's something I can't pinpoint but the soup was lacking the umami flavor and richness I have experienced from Ipuddo and other ramen houses in NYC (sorry).  Overall it did satisfy my ramen craving.  Would come try something else next time.笑
They have a vegetarian version! We happened to walk by this ramen restaurant and notified they had a vegetarian version on the menu. As someone who loves ramen but haven't had had good vegetarian ramen since becoming vegetarian, this place hits the spot. The noodles are nice and tendu with the perfect amount of juiciness. The soup was light but very flavourful, and the tofu patty they had was extremely delicious and flavourful. The best part is their kinton bowler stamp card. Every time you finish an entire bowl you get a stamp! Now there is one other place where the soup is better but this place has 5 locations and is easy to get to. I would definitely recommend.笑
I'm a regular here and the service and food never disappoints. 
Today my friend and I had:

Spicy garlic ramen 4/5 - tastes great. I enjoy the spice but get ready for garlic breath obviously

Classic shoyu ramen 5/5 - I wasn't sure how I would feel about anchovies in ramen but was surprise there was a bit of smoky flavour to it

Black sesame soy milk pudding 4/5 - was light and tasty. Had a great nutty flavour and wasn't too sweet for me.笑
A solid bowl of ramen, though not the best I've had. Came here for a late dinner with a group of four and was promptly seated. For starters, we had the edamame and karaage (fried chicken). The karaage (4 pieces) was excellent, perfectly fried and juicy. My group had the miso ramen, original, and spicy garlic. Spicy garlic was delicious but really lingers on the breath (even after brushing!). The original broth is rich and decadent - qualitywise probably the best of the broths. The pork that came with these bowls was of normal quality, not particularly outstanding. I recommend getting a seasoned egg if your bowl doesn't come with one. Their homemade lemonade is nice and tart, not highly sweet, and a great compliment to the rich ramen. 

Overall, a good ramen place for a decent price, though not highly affordable or amazing. Kinka Izakaya is my favorite izakaya in the city and right next door if you wanna check that out as well.笑
The atmosphere was lively, fun, and modern (like Guu next door) but the food wasn't as exciting.  I ordered the combo with Ramen and pork ta ta da (sp) side dish.  The side dish arrived immediately; it looked like a can of cat food on rice with green onion garnish, but it tasted ok.  The ramen took half an hour to arrive, which is surprising given there's essentially 2 menu options of soup that is likely prepared in a large batch.  The ramen was ok; it didn't seem like anything special.  I'll probably just make Mr. Noodle next time, or go to Guu next door.笑
Loving all these ramen joints in Toronto! One of my goals is to try all the ramens in this city. Although I had many bowls of ramen in Japan, Korea, and Canada, I still don't have a clear idea of how to rate them. They are all different. It all comes down to personal preference....
 When I saw chicken ramen on the menu, I had to give it a try because I love trying unique dishes (same reason for trying tomato ramen at Sansotei :P).

It was very flavourful! Noodles were cooked on point. I also tried their pork ramen (my bf's order) which was also flavourful and rich. We sat at the bar where you can see chefs preparing ramen. Quick and friendly service like any other Japanese ramen places!

Overall, it was not the best ramen I had, but certainly solid food. The biggest pro for Kinton Ramen is that they have several locations throughout the city, so no need to line up or travel far to taste their ramen. I don't know if there is a huge difference between different locations (apparently Sansotei locations do have a huge difference, downtown one being better than the one in uptown). If you don't want to line up for Sansotei or Santouka, come here!笑
I ordered a regular chicken ramen and was kinda underwhelmed by what I got. Aesthetically the ramen looked really nice but I got tired of the flavours really quickly. After you finish eating the seaweed, egg and chicken pieces you're left with a giant bowl of just noodles and broth. The noodles get kinda annoying after a while, in terms of the texture ((and lack of flavour)) and after having several spoonfuls of broth I was tired of that salty flavour too. Maybe I'm just not a ramen person?? 

TLDR; Try this place if you want to experience ramen but it's not for everyone.笑
Definitely one of the better places to get ramen.  Price alone is awesome, flavours are pretty similar to when I was in Japan and most of all they're completely customizable. I adore their spiced/seasoned eggs and I also get an extra. The staff are great and energetic, and the atmosphere of the cooks working together leaves you happy and intrigued. I've been here enough to fill more than one bowler card and everyone I've ever taken here really enjoys it. 

Friends or dates, you can't go wrong.  Unless of course they don't like broth or noodles. But if you find someone that doesn't like ramen I definitely say run.  100% this is my home away from home.

For those saying they want vegetarian or vegan options this isn't for you. These guys do it like they do back home which is in a bone broth.笑
Who doesn't crave ramen on a cold winter day?  Ok, make that everyday ala Tampopo Japanese ramen western style.

Rich tonkotsu shio ramen and takoyaki.  That was a mighty fine bowl of goodness.  Seriously.

Friendly efficient service and hooks under your table to hang your coat or purse.  How efficient is that?!

Can't wait to repeat the experience....笑
*4.5 stars

Kinton Ramen is a popular chain of ramen restaurants with five locations in Ontario. They recently opened their fifth location adjacent to Kinka Izakaya on Church St. What I enjoy most about Kinton Ramen is the consistency of their food products, and portion-wise. The fifth location of Kinton Ramen features their signature block designs with high table-top and wooden tables. However, in contrast to some of the other locations, this location has large windows that allow natural light in.

Step 1 (broth) - select from pork ramen or chicken ramen
Step 2 (flavour) - choose from original, shoyu, miso, spicy garlic, or extra pork
Step 3 (noodle) - choose from thick or thin
Step 4 (meat) - choose from pork or chicken (additional meat is +$2.50)
Step 5 (additional toppings) - choose from a variety of toppings such as sweet corn, nori, seaweed, scallions, Swiss cheese, and more.

I opted for their Original Pork Ramen ($10.99) - sea salt, bean sprouts, scallions, nori, seasoned egg with corn (+$1) and seaweed (+$1). This is my usual ramen order whenever I eat at Kinton Ramen, as I do like lighter broths. The broth is also rich in collagen, and one can order it light, regular, or rich. Aside from the broth, I believe that the pork belly is also an important component of a bowl of ramen. The pork belly here are slightly blowtorch to give it a nice charred finish, which I quickly ate. The bowl also comes with a seasoned egg, which is a nice addition to a hot bowl of ramen. 

Kinton Ramen also has a nice selection of hot tapas available like edamame, original karaage, takoyaki, and more. I always get the age gyoza ($3.90) - deep fried pork dumplings with original sweet chili sauce, so this time was no different. Each order comes with four pieces of aromatic and lightly deep-fried gyoza. Kinton Ramen is actually one of my favorite places for gyoza, and it goes well with the accompanied sweet chili sauce. 

Kinton Ramen 5 is a good place to dine, especially if you're looking for a quick dinner. It can get pretty busy during the dinner rush, but I do find the turnover to be rather quick. Kinton Ramen 5 is open Monday to Sunday from 11:30 am - 10:30 pm.笑
Good ramen but they do not accommodate allergies. They boil all the noodles in the same pot and do not boil thin noodles separately from the egg noodles when asked.

If you dont have allergies, then this place should be fine for you. The ramen IS delicious. 
If you have an egg allergy, try going right when they open so your batch of noodles is the first...if you go once many people have been there, you will likely have a reaction.笑
Amazing ramen! And the prices are very affordable too. The place is very clean, truly Japanese.笑
If you live, work or travel near downtown Toronto, you may have seen numerous Japanese ramen shops. Often, the lines outside the ramen shops form before noon most days. Kinton Ramen 5 on Church Street is my regular ramen shop, simply because it is closer to my house and has incredibly great ramen. Kinton is an offshoot of the Kinka Family and there are 5 Kinton Ramen outlets in the Toronto area. The place is always packed and sports small but efficient layout. Despite its small size, it feels far more spacious. The room is warm and inviting, and the busy open kitchen makes it a lively place.

While they offer both pork and chicken broth, my go to pick is the spicy jalapeño chicken broth, served in a deep bowl and topped with incredibly tender sliced chicken breast. The jalapeño paste gives the soup a sharp kick that balances nicely with the chewy noodles. The broth is creamy with emulsified fat and it's amazingly tasty. Noodles are available both thick and thin at this location, and the choice of chicken breast and pork can be customized to order. You can also pick additional toppings like seaweed scallions, swiss cheese 3.5, bean sprouts garlic oil, nori, grated garlic, sweet corn, seasoned egg, etc.

Kinton Ramen also offers appetizers (tapas). My favorite is hot Karaage (spicy fried chicken). The karaage is delicious and the fried chicken was perfectly crispy and tender with and full of flavor. Ton Ton Don - chopped pork seasoned on rice comes with slightly sweet taste but it is subtle and not over-powering. I find their kari kari rice balls (deep-fried rice balls with pork filling to be very hard - akin to biting into a golf ball. 

The bar offers a range of drinks including Sapporo beer and cocktails. They have a selection of refreshing mixed drinks Sapporo beer with ginger ale, but my favorite is pink Calpico - grenadine with Calpico (Calpico is a non-carbonated soft drink and has a somewhat milky, and slightly acidic/tart flavor, similar to plain or vanilla-flavored yogurt drink). Kinton Ramen 5 also offers a small dessert menu - I have tried matcha cheesecake and it's rather underwhelming.

Although Kinton Ramen 5 is a busy location, you get efficient and attentive service; and, the quality of food is always consistent. I am not a ramen a connoisseur; however, I think Kinton Ramen offers a deliciously buttery broth and perfectly cooked noodles - and that's certainly good enough for me.笑
I'll wait before giving extra stars because I have eaten here only once. But wow. How do these places get their broths so creamy, rich, and flavourful? This is a cute little place, with happy staff. I had chicken ramen and was almost overwhelmed by the flavour and creamy texture. Nice, fresh chicken slices, no fat or 'strange' bits. Good noodles. I'll be back (although I live 2 blocks away).笑
Very delicious ramen and takoyaki. This place has a really cool interior design and a great metropolitan vibe. I recommend going on a Monday when they have their spicy shogun ramen special. Tasty food for a good price!笑
A trendy hip take on ramen, the atmosphere and restaurant has a good metro city vibe with a loud energetic and happy staff. Service is quick and efficient so don't fear a wait list. They move quick. 
I went on a Friday night so missed out on their Monday special, but based on the review below I'll be back. 
I tried the Kinton ball for an appetizer and it was delicious. A little on the sweet side, the outside was crisp, flavored well, and unlike yesterday's meal at Reds, coated in a good amount of sauce. The pork filling and scotch egg were well cooked and flavored. 
For a main course I opted for the chicken ramen broth, roast chicken, thin noodle, jalapeño paste, garlic and scallions in the original broth flavor. Overall flavor but could have used a bit more spice. The chicken was cooked perfectly and a sensible portion.  
Keep in mind, this is not a quiet sit down and relax setting, if you are looking for good hot flavorful ramen and good quick service this is it. Worth the stop.笑
Wanted to take my best friend who absolutely loves ramen out for lunch while he was visiting from Vancouver and decided to try Kinton based on recommendations. While I'm no ramen expert he assures me it was delicious. I opted for chicken, he opted for pork and we both came away very satisfied. 

But the real star for me was the gyoza dumplings! MAN were they delicious, and they had this amazing ginger sauce! So so tasty!

The staff is incredibly friendly and the location is quite cool. Perfect for lunch with our best friend.笑
This is a nice ramen spot that I've been to a few times and will probably return to in the future. This location in particular is fairly small without being too cramped, although if you're carrying any large bags with you, it might be awkward trying to find a spot to store it while you eat.

The servers are all very friendly and accommodating, speaking both English and Japanese.

The ramen comes quickly within 5-10 minutes, and is very tasty, perhaps a bit on the salty side depending on the broth (I've had the spicy garlic, pork, and shoyu broths). The noodles and meat are well cooked.

If you finish your ramen off to the last drop of broth, you will be given a "Bowler's" card that will entitle you to certain freebies after finishing 10, 30, 50, etc. bowls of ramen.笑
Tried their original pork ramen, original & spicy karaage, takoyaki, edamame, and kinton ball.

The original pork ramen was quite good. The soft boiled egg was pefect and the pork meats were tender. I really liked their original pork soup. It wasn't salty at all so that's a huge plus.  However, they should be giving more soup. I had to inhale lots of noodles to make it look more like "ramen" rather than "yaki" ramen. The soup was the best part of their meals and it sucked they were being stingy on it. I guess they knew its the best thing they got so that's why they weren't being generous. Also, it said he came with scallions but I hardly saw any. Well.. not a good look.

Their original karaage was alright but nothing to write home about. You get 4 giant pieces. As for spicy karaage, they use hot sauce that you get from a convenience store so I wasn't that impressed.

Their takoyaki and edamame were ok as well. Nothing special. I liked that edamame had right amount of salt but I found some rice remains so that kind of threw me off.

I wasn't really impressed with kinton ball. You get one giant ball but it was just not good.

Overall, this place is ok. I might be a returning customer to try out other ramens but I sure wouldn't be craving for other things.笑
I'm a big fan of Kinton. I've been to two of their locations, the original on Baldwin and the North York spot and was never disappointed there. I was excited for KR5 because it was close enough to work to go for lunch. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. My usual order, a pork shoyu ramen, was full of so much garlic that it was hard to eat and the pork shoulder, usually quite tender, was tough. At least the garlic cleared out my sinuses. I'm hoping that this was a hiccup, considering this location is still getting on its feet, but it wasn't a great experience all the same.笑
Miła obsługa a jedzenie rewelacyjne. Makaron palce lizać a mięso bardzo soczysty. Polecam笑
Okay, I've been ordering the same thing here: double chicken with the seasoned egg (which is GODLY btw), and my opinion of this place is unchanged! Supreme broth, awesome product. This is a fabulous place for food - good date place!笑
very good ramen, soup was not too salty, both the chicken and pork soups were very yum! one of the best ramen places so far. 

same owner as guu - now kinza. another location on baldwin but i've never tried there.笑
Fun place to have ramen. They are very welcoming (more than other Japanese places I've been to). 
The ramen is typical of Japanese ramen store, not particularly brilliant but it's good! 

They also have reward program and will snap a picture with you (with your permission of course). 

Fun lil Japanese ramen store.笑
Addicted to it.

  SERVICE 3.5~4 / 5
  +Enthusiastic and friendly staff
  +Fast and attentive service, for a Ramen Bar

  AMBIENCE 3~3.5 / 5
  +Decor is modern-Japanese-bar style, generally satisfactory
  *Everytime you enter or leave the restaurant, staff members' gonna shout out loud in Japanese to greet you / bid you goodbye (as long as they see you doing so)
  *Similar thing happens when some certain types of dishes are being made, e.g. the spicy Karaage Ramen, served on Winter Mondays; the chefs are gonna shout in Japanese as they prepare the dishes, during which you can witness the birth of delicacy under their hands

You may find the asterisked features lovely (if you enter it on a culture-exploring voyage) or sort-of annoying (if you seek quietness while dining), or you may be totally indifferent to it. That's why the 3~3.5.

  FOOD 4 / 5
  +Their Ramen is a Must-Try if you are to crown yourself as a REAL Ramen-loving Torontonian. Personally recommend Original Broth if you want a "safe" start. Try others if you sure you are in charted waters. My all-time addiction is Spicy-Garlic w/ extra Jalapeño Paste.
  +Menu is very easy to understand. Questions? Ask your attentive server.
  *Their side-dishes, unfortunately, seem not so appealing to me as their Ramens do. But giving them a try does not cost you too much, (roughly $2, if my memory serves me right) so, why not?
  *They do offer common, "middleclass-wise affordable" Japanese Sake, like Mio, ShoChikuBai.


N.B.:
They offer you a "Kinton-Bowler" stamp-card, which is a way of hooking customers(but hell, I ike getting hooked by their Ramens). Each time you finish a bowl to its last drop, you can have a stamp. Collecting enough stamps yield some "trivial" yet lovely rewards, like a free gyoza side-dish etc (they will ask you if you like to take a photo with their staff in celebration of you finishing a bowl; I hardly see people refuse). You can get stamps from other Kinton locations within Toronto as well.笑
Very good, ordered the cold noodles which has a side soup for you to dip your noodles in to eat. Noodles come dry in a bowl is a the feature. Only thing is very pricy.笑
Love the food and the experience. The staff, and the japonease "screaming" unfortunately I have a ear infection so it kind of got on my nerve. But I usually love it! 

I went to japan many times and the food is very unthentic. I love to sit at the bar and look at the crew working so hard to that real cuisine. 

Just love it!笑
Since I've been to Kinton Ramen so many times before, I wanted to try out a bowl that I hadn't tried before.  I ordered their Spicy Garlic flavour!  Both Christina and I inquired the server about the level of spice in this bowl and we were told that the spice was mild.  I also chose thin noodles, pork ramen broth, and pork belly as the meat.  I don't think I've tried their thick noodles yet still because I'm afraid that thick noodles means that the ramen is too starchy and not as delicious as thin noodles -- I always tend to prefer thin noodles anyway.  Perhaps for my future next visit, I'll finally try their thick noodles!笑
I'm really perplexed in reviewing Kinton Ramen. I haven't been there before but I decided to eat lunch from there using Uber Eats. I was excited to try their food and try the app at the same time.

The order was placed at around noon and we had an expected delivery time at around 12:50. It was a bit long, but given the time we ordered I could completely understand they they might be busy and could take longer.

I saw the expected delivery time change a bunch of times and it got longer and longer. At about an hour and 20 minutes it was well past any fault that was excusable. 

I put a call through Uber Eats and they told me it was still listed as being put together (I find it hard to believe that this was the case but it's the story the restaurant came up with). As soon as that call went through our delivery MAGICALLY made it's progression to on its way to us (Finally).

The delivery was relatively quick, but I can't help but speculate that our order got lost in the mix and we were forgotten. My order was mixed up as well which I didn't appreciate either.

Like some of the complaints that I'm seeing of their broth, it's a little on the salty side. The ramen overall does it's best and I would say that it's a step above Kinton Ramen. But I think that the praise for the ramen in this location is over hyped. I was really upset with the level of service today. Not on Uber but the restaurant. 

Will I go here again? In all honesty, probably. But this experience has left a really "salty" taste in my mouth (pun intended), so that visit may have to wait. Until then though my fellow readers!笑
The ramen is outstanding here! The broth has great flavor. My husband ordered the cold ramen, which we loved! The quail egg with the sauce was unreal. I got the spicy garlic which is always a favorite. We happened to have found this place by accident last year when we were visiting but SO glad we did and went back this visit as well. 

Space is a little cramped but totally worth it!笑
This review is based solely on my experience for takeout. The Taste was good as expected but the portions were ridiculously small I ordered two chicken ramen one was spicy and one regular the spicy one arrived with three thin slices of chicken  weighing less than 100 grams the the one with the regular sauce arrived with two slices of chicken that if you wrap them up they would be the tip of the Q-tip and one boiled egg. The total for the order was $29 and in both plates there was less than half chicken breast Noodles & Water. So for the taste and the quantity and the quality this was an insult to my intelligence. I think they have a great location and very good potential if they straighten the price / portion ratio笑
Hi!! I'm a vegetarian that eats animal broth, apparently a difficult concept to understand for the team at Kinton. I wanted some spicy ramen with tofu-not a hard problem right? The waitress, manager on duty, then chef were completely unaccommodating. Although it would have been able to get any other protein for the same price, $10.90, they wouldn't allow any "substitutions" to the ramen (no tofu) but suggested I could give my meat to one of my friends and wanted to sell me on the tofu appetizer that I could add to my ramen instead (which was also almost $6 extra!). Ended up with an boring flavored vegetarian ramen that I jazzed up with the addition of the kimchee appetizer. 

Also repeatedly had to ask for things before getting them-soy sauce, Diet Coke that was ordered, etc. And not a fan of the yelling whenever someone enters/exits the restaurant. 

Will not be returning.笑
My ramen was bursting with flavour! I ordered the spicy garlic pork ramen and added a seasoned egg and seasoned veggies. The broth was rich and spicy, and there was a huge pile of fresh garlic on top. The pork was tender and flavourful. And that egg! It was not a boring old boiled egg. The portion is huge so come hungry. For the amount of food you get, the price is point is very good. I also had the spicy karaage chicken which was really tasty. 

The staff is friendly and everyone yells whenever someone enters or leaves, so it is quite noisy. It's also small so try to come at an off time to avoid waiting for a seat. On a Wednesday at 6:30 there was a line at the door!  

I've had ramen at a few different places and this has been my favourite by far! I'll be back for sure.笑
Been here many times and every time the food has been amazing, especially the miso based ramen (with lean pork) and the gyoza dumplings with a sauce that is to die for 
The menu is quite straight forward and relatively affordable, around $13 for a ramen bowl, which is pretty standard around Toronto. The service is super fast and multiple staff may even assist you, in case it gets busy.
The atmosphere is also sweet