Breakfasts are the best deal - ample and very good service.  We like lamb shanks and while we love the lamb and a baked potato, we are required to take soup instead of a garden salad (could be one or the other perhaps?) AND we get these awful overcooked, or canned vegetables.  Kind of makes dinner a disappointment.Ǿ
Jimichael's used to be located in the bowling alley that is now George's Cafe that is on the other side of the hospital. Jimichael's is a free standing budget family restaurant that serves up  Greek, Italian, Asian and American dishes. They also serve breakfast and offer a salad bar.

From just one visit here I can tell you some of the food is pretty good and some of the food is very marginal. The specialty here is anything fried, especially the fried fish and the selection of pies that include sugar free.

I had the fried walleye pike. The fish was pretty good and tasty and a big fat bargain for $8.99 for decent walleye pike. The fish was tender mild and meaty with a tasty seasoned batter that seemed oil free. I had my choice of mashed potatoes or fries so I went with mashed. I can't say for sure but the potatoes tasted like they came from a box and sort of weren't good. The potatoes were very granular. However the cole slaw that came on my platter was fresh tasty and was house made. I added on the salad bar for $2.99. Same as the platter. Some things were good like the fresh salad mix and the broccoli. Some things were not so good. Some things seemed processed. At least two things seemed old. (not counting the other diners dining there)

My husband had my soup that seemed house made and was ok. He also had the pork tenderloin sandwich. The pork was very tasty and breaded nicely but they threw it on a refrigerator cold roll. The batter dipped fries were hot and crispy.

For the price point the food is A-OK...Ǿ
This is one of the old standbys in Sun City, and we have eaten there numerous times.  The place is quite large and seats a lot of people. Menu is varied and not too expensive, and the food has generally been good. Service is usually quick, and responsive.  Only drawback is that I thought they must have hired their waitresses on who had the most tattoos all over their body.  That,s not always the most appetizing sight while you,'re eating.  OVERALL, you can expect good food at reasonable prices, but nothing too special.  The owner's family opened George's Cafe about 2 blocks away in the Lakeview Rec Center, and I think they have lost some of their customers to the new place.Ǿ
We came to jimichaels for dinner. The specials were fantastic! I had the coconut shrimp, my friends has the fried walleye and they said, "it's just as good , if not better than the fish frys in the Midwest!" Great dinner with good company, a friendly staff and great service. I'll definitely be back more often.Ǿ
First time in 9 years since we ate there. We had the Walleye fish fry and it was really good. The whole restaurant staff was very friendly and the service was excellent! 
We will definitely go back.Ǿ
I have eaten at JiMichael's many times and have never been disappointed. Theresa is our favorite server and she is excellent!! Breakfast specials are reasonably priced, come quickly and are good. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone.Ǿ
Very accommodating to elderly patrons. Always clean and friendly. Food is good, if unremarkable, and reasonably priced. Dined there a number of times and have always come away pleased.Ǿ
WOW !!! A Superb dining experience ! The staff was attentive and polite and unhurried.  The food was FRESH and Flavorful with good portion sizes. This was an EXCELLENT dining experience! !!!!

STRONGLY RECOMMENDEDǾ
Had shrimp, but very small !  Had cod fish , twice it was BURNED on two visits. Won't go back .Ǿ
Ordered breakfast there with eggs over easy.  Took about an hour to receive my food and while I waited, my partner got his meal.  When mine finally came, the eggs were hard and crusty, the toast was burnt.  When I complained, the Mgr said that the cook didn't mean to do it.  No offer of replacing the meal or give me a refund.  Just that the cook didn't mean to do it.  That didn't do much for my taste buds.Ǿ
Pete is the man. He cooks up a serious breakfast menu and all of his food is top notch. Glad I found this place. My new favorite.Ǿ
..... ..............ah........................im thinking....................bomb....... Broasted pork chop, bomb........, done. Thank you.Ǿ
I will say the breakfast was very good. Food was cooked just right.  Our waitress was super friendly.

Here is my BUT: Their was three of us, my mother is in a wheelchair. We walked in and the woman. behind the counter never said a word. She just looked at us and rolled her eyes like, oh lord another wheelchair. I think her name was Arline (older gal). Just grabbed three menus and just tossed them on the table and gave us a dirty look and walked off.

And ever time she walked passed our table, she would give my mother a dirty look and just roll her eyes. So if you dont like people who are in wheelchairs, maybe you should stay at home and be a nasty person their and not in public.   When we were leaving and to pay, she never said thank you either, great people skills too.

If we ever return their for another breakfast and she is working, we will ask for someone else to seat us.Ǿ
First, and last time in the place.  Took parents there for Prime Rib dinner, was at lunch and not many customers.  Service was slow and only came back to table once after food arrived to check on drinks.  Found out that if you want medium rare, as for rare as the cook over cooks the Prime Rib.  Thought the serving of the PR could have been twice the size too.  
Management needs to look into service and serving sizes.  Can't see this place being around for much longer.Ǿ
Very worst breakfast I've ever ordered in my life in the service was right on par with the food . Ordered 3 egg meat omelet and I got no meat inside  to speak of. Also the eggs were running on the inside. We also got a cinnamon roll thinking it was all homemade cinnamon roll and it was a cold dried out out of a package cinnamon roll don't order one you can get them at the store for 50 cents. Took 45 minutes to be seated even though there was ten tables open. I believe this is the worst restaurant in Sun City that I have ever ate at.Ǿ
I have lived in the West Valley for 18 years.  I had just left Boswell Hospital and came spotted a boulevard sign that said Walleye Dinners on Special.  Being from the Midwest I had to stop in. A hostess promptly sat me at a table and a waitress was right there to take my order.  She immediately returned with a bowl of Creme of Broccoli soup, it was homemade.....The very generous portions of Walleye were Superb, as was the coleslaw and baked potato.  It was, without a doubt, one of the bettert meals I have had in the last 20 yrs.  When I got the bill I was amazed to see the dinner was $9.99 + tax. Jimichaels Dinner is a Jewel in the desert.  I recommend this restaurant to everyone....BTW it is open 24 hrs a day.Ǿ
Hit and miss with food quality - maybe it depends on who is cooking that day.  We were there in Dec 2016 and ordered the Walleye dinner and Gyros plate.  LOVED both - perfectly cooked and delicious.  If I had written this review then, it would be 5 stars.  However we went again last week (Jan 2017), ordered the same identical plates and were totally disappointed.  Everything was underdone.  The walleye, fries, gyro meat, pita = all undercooked and not hot. We probably should have returned it all.  Doubt if we will take a chance again.Ǿ
I have been to this restaurant twice. Both times were for lunch. First time I ordered a patty melt, it was ok. Then the second time I had the hot open faced turkey sandwich. Yuck! It had all this yellow tasteless gluey gravy all over it. And the turkey was the pressed watery salty kind. The next time if I come back,I would probably have breakfast since most Yelpers have good reviews. One of my biggest pet peeves is when an employee clears off the tables,they stick most of their fingers into the used glasses to carry them, and then with the germy hands proceeds to put clean silverware on the tables, without washing their hands. On a positive note my Mom ordered the fired chicken and really enjoyed it.Ǿ
I give them a four because of the waiting staff they are doing an outstanding job  as for the kitchen they get a three for over the pass many months the qualities of the food is going down hill they need help in the kitchen they need to hire a chief /cook I'm afraid it hurting the restaurant to the point they are losing business and won't get it back and it goes for all the food they serve except the salad bar tonight was the best it's been in a long timeǾ
Got the fish fry for the wife and she is picky were from Boston and she loved it all you can eat c'mon , I got the liver and onions it was great, prices great, cool little hidden gem!!!!Ǿ
This restaurant is across the street from my job so it's easy to walk over when we actually have time for a lunch. It's a downhome type of dinner. I would describe it as a little just a little more upscale than Denny's.Ǿ
It's almost a diner, but just a little too nice and too large to qualify.  But it's good old American comfort food.  I mean meat loaf, breaded pork tenderloin, hot turkey sandwich, liver and onions...you get the picture. (Oh, yeah - there's a full page of Grecian Entrees, as well!)  Breakfast served all day and they've got a good, basic salad bar.  Homemade soups and specials.

Don't drive across town, but if you're near Boswell Hospital, this is a great choice.  Very clean and very pleasant service. 

You know, I posted then re-thought the whole thing.  I really can't think of one thing to down-star this place, so I'm raising the stars to 4Ǿ
Went there Saturday for lunch with a few friends.  The place looks like a dining room at an old age home...walkers, canes, wheel chairs.  ( I use a walker ),  I ordered the coconut shrimp.....where was the coconut?  They really need a new recipe for the cole slaw...not much taste.  The best that can be said for this place was Casey, our waitress, a very pleasant young lady.Ǿ
The ribs are fantastic.  They fall off the bone.  I have had ribs many places but these are the greatest. Its a big meal and inexpensive too.  We like going on monday so we can have split pea soup, but tuesday is great too.  The cooks are really good.  We love the wait staff too.  Never had a bad server.  
I highly recommend jimichaels.Ǿ
THE BEST: Fish Fry in the Phoenix Metro Area;Consistently Great,Reasonable,worth the trip! DrSJC outstandingǾ
Food and service was great. Food came piping hot. Waitress was so sweet and nicǾ
Worst meal I ever recall eating; even my grandparents and aunt and uncle couldn't believe it. We went to DQ for an ice cream after and all made the comment we should have just had dinner there as well. Very nice servers though!Ǿ
This is in Sun City.  They cook for people old enough to be my parents (I am old enough to live there). I really didn't expect much but it was convenient to where I was that morning. Service was laid back but attentive enough and pleasant. The hash browns were pretty much as I expected, some parts not cooked and other parts so crunchy they hurt my teeth. But I must say the traditional eggs Benedict was one of the best I have ever had. Perfect runny yolks with no clear under cooked white parts, a tasty hollandaise that had zero separation. They used ham rather than Canadian bacon but that did not detract at all. To do that well on a difficult dish I bet they are pretty good on some other dishes too. Based on my first visit they have moved up on my list for places for a Wednesday morning breakfast.Ǿ
This diner is right next to the Banner Health hospital in Sun City and is kind of hidden by some medical plazas. It's a pretty nice size place, I would compare it to the size of a Denny's or Village Inn - with similar menu choices. They also have a little salad bar, but I didn't get to try it.

Ji-Michaels has a very home-y feel to it, older decor and furniture but very clean. I saw our server chatting with some of the patrons so I'm sure this place has it's regulars and that was really nice to see. It also had a pretty steady flow of customers for the middle of the day.

Now for the food - went here for a quick lunch and ordered the philly steak sandwich which ended up being really good! It came out hot with fresh mushrooms, peppers, and a side of crispy fries. Very delicious!

Our server and the host were extremely nice and made sure everything was okay. I also noticed a little sign on a piano as I was leaving that said there was live entertainment after 5pm...can't remember which days, not that I would come back just to see it but I thought it was cute.

I don't come to Sun City that often, but if you have to be at the hospital and don't feel like eating the food there, why not give this place a try?Ǿ
Spent the day with my father decided to try this place out and it became one of the worst ideas we ever made. Ordered prime rib special Overcooked, Cold, and half the meat was fat. Vegetables looked as if they had been sitting on the stove for days. Baked potato (wrapped in foil) was half rotten. I would like to say that my meal was the only meal that was in edible but the wife ordered the Chicken Sandwich and we could have used the chicken for the sole of our shoes. I guess if you live in Sun City you get used to eating poor food as for me I think I will just wait until I can find a chain like Denny's at least I know the food will suck there.Ǿ
This is a great place for breakfast lunch or dinner I've been eating here for years. They have a great selection of food. I've never had a bad meal here. The prices are extremely reasonable and the portions are large.  The ambience is one of the nicest places in the area. You won't go wrong with this restaurant. Service has always been perfect.  Also restrooms are spotless.Ǿ
Tonight we gave this restaurant another try, mainly because I was just too tried to prepare dinner or drive very far.  Well, it was not a good decision as the food and service was worse than ever!  

When we arrived there were three groups of people irritated that the cashier was missing in action.  One lady commented that the owner was luckily that all of them were honest as they could have walked out and no one would even notice.

There was no one to seat us and only one waitress covering ALL the tables.  She finally waved at us and then told us which side she wanted us to seat ourselves on.  

It was a good 15 minutes, from the time we seated ourselves, until our order was taken.  

They were offering all you can eat shrimp and fish.  First came what was titled  Lentil Soup.  It was awful.  Neither of us could eat it.  The shrimp was frozen breaded shrimp that was greasy as could be.  The fish seemed to have been reheated over and over until it was like rubber -- could only eat a few bites.  I should have sent it back, but I didn't have the energy for the conflict it would cause, plus I was fairly sure I would just get more food that was impossible to eat.  Just made the decision to never give the restaurant any more of our business. 

Shame on the owners for not giving customers quality food and good service as I am sure we are not the only Sun City residents that want a good restaurant close to home.Ǿ
It's charming restaurant near sun city.  Very reasonable priced menu and it's a huge menu.  Portions are large as well. Had breakfast at 5pm.  They serve breakfast all day.  Went with couple friends and they loved it as well.  Alcohol is served. You will not be disappointed with service and food.  Next time I will try Greek items on the menu. People next to us ordered and had same reactions.  Fantastic job!Ǿ
Stopped by for breakfast with my oldest boy in tow.  We were in need of a good healthy breakfast which eliminates a lot of places in town.  

Found they had egg substitute and everything was pretty tasty.  Definitely a good stop for a quick breakfast at reasonable prices.

Seemed pretty busy but they still found us a table right away and food was quick from the kitchen.  Service was attentive and efficient.Ǿ
People are nice. If you like Diner food or hot meal in your belly- this place will be good. Food is not 100% greatest. But you won't starve to death. 

I had chopped sirloin steak. They cooked it on a charbroiled. But they kept the meat on the grill to long. Where the charbroiled marks on the meat was- it was super tough and chewy. They only charbroiled one side and fried the other side. Mashed potatoes was instant and carrots taste like there were canned. 

If you want a dinner roll- you have to ask for it. The dinner roll was super tiny and it feel like it was heated up in the microwave for about 35 seconds. 

Never came by to refill my drink. Never picked up the dirty dishes when I was done. Have to wait more than 15 minutes to get my check. Finally the waitress is here with the check. I was going to write the review at home. But I had to wait and wait so I decided to it the review here instead. 

The restaurant is not bad. Soup comes with your meal - if you want a salad - it will cost you $2.99 more.