I've always been a frequent customer at this location. Probably once a week at least.I always come for lunch, but i find the quality of the food has gone down... It's still great if you're looking for a cheap lunch.

The services is not always the fastest. They can be super busy at peak lunch times and it seems like they don't always have enough hot plates to serve everyone at once. 

I usually always get the supreme beef with mushroom, egg, and cheese. The lunch special is about $8.99. There's 3 options and supreme beef with mushroom is one of them. I add the egg and cheese at $0.99 each. The lunch special also comes with a scoop of chocolate or green tea ice cream, which is a nice add on. 

With the lunch combo you can also spend a little extra money to add their clam miso soup  or some drinks.

Overall, I would recommend this place for lunch because it's cheap, but if you're looking for something with better quality you should definately go else where.笑
Restaurant: Aka Teppan
Cuisine: Asian
Location: Markham
Address: 3235 Hwy 7
Price Range: $10~

1: Poor 2: OK 3: Good 4: Very Good 5: Excellent

Food: 4
Service: 3
Ambiance: 3
Overall: 3.5

Extra information:

* Serves alcohol
* Open for lunch and dinner
* Doesn't take reservation
* Not recommended for small groups
* Vegetarian option avail
* Parking in plaza

I first found out about Aka Teppan on instagram, you'd be surprised how many hole in the wall spots I find on daily basis on social media. 
Anyways, I was excited about this place since Pepper lunch is something that is very popular in Hong Kong. There is a restaurant that serves similar type of food back in Vancouver and I really regretted not being able to check it out before I moved to Toronto.
I heard that the wait for Aka Teppan gets pretty ridiculous so the first time I went, I decided to go right when they opened for lunch on a Saturday and didn't have to wait at all.

So the whole idea of Aka Teppan is 'teppanyaki' on your table- whatever you order is served on a very hot plate and you have to mix everything as it cooks from the heat. It's always fun to do a little cooking on your table and I just really enjoyed the whole experience because as far as I know, Aka Teppan is the only spot that serves 'pepper lunch' in Toronto.

Shortly after we sat down and ordered, people started showing up and I believe they had to wait close to an hour. 

Here is what I got to try.

Ordered: Roasted Ox Tongue 2/5

* Shared appetizer, 3 skewers for $5.99
* We ordered this to share between 3 of us and I didn't think it was anything special
* Roasted ox tongue was covered in soy sauce and crushed peanuts 


Ordered: Supreme Beef Teppan Yaki Rice 5/5

* Rice, beef slices, corn, scallions and special sauce for $8.99
* I added deep fried garlic and raw egg for extra $1.48
* Once it arrives on your table, you have to be quick and add the raw egg to the rice and mix away
* The heat of the plate will cook your eggs and beef slices
* The special sauce adds a bit of sweetness while pepper kicks in throughout the entire dish
* Def a dish to stay away if you are not fond of pepper
* This is a must try dish

Ordered: Seafood Teppan Pasta 3/5

* Pasta with choice of dressing with squid, shrimp and imitation crab meat for $11.50
* Choice of dressing are: Tom Yum, Hand crushed pepper, numbing spice, mixed herb cream, japanese curry and tomato sauce
* I honestly didn't like the Japanese curry sauce with the pasta but that's just a personal preference
* Unless it's at a seafood restaurant, I don't care for the frozen seafood that is added to these 'seafood' dishes

Ordered: House Special Chicken Teppan Pasta 4/5

* Spaghetti served with house special chicken and herb cream sauce for $9.50
* We added some cheese for 0.99 cents
* It came with some sliced mushrooms on top
* I liked this better than the seafood teppan pasta
* Herb cream is very smooth and creamy
* All the pasta dishes don't really require 'cooking' since everything comes cooked already
* The second time I went I ordered Duck breast Teppan pasta with herb sauce and found it to be really good
* Saltiness of the duck breast added more flavor and balanced out the entire dish

Ordered: Aka Fusion Tiramisu 1/5

* I just had to order this because of the presentation
* For $5.99, the presentation is great but it was not a good tiramisu
* Lacked every flavor that is suppose to be present 
* I am glad I tried it cause it is so adorable but won't be ordering it again

Ordered: Uji Greentea Parfait

* I wasn't expecting much from this for $5.50 but it was a great parfait
* Served with corn flakes on bottom, green tea ice cream, whipped cream and red bean on top
* Nice simple dessert to end the meal.

Summary: Overall I really enjoyed my meal at Aka Teppan, I've been back 2 times since my first visit and I have to say that my favorite dishes are Supreme Beef (add raw egg) and the Duck Teppan Pasta with Herb cream. Make sure to go early and grab a table or prepare to wait.笑
Food was way too salty and server never came around with refill for tea..... 
Taste like something you can mix up at homemafe like fried rice but with lots of salt... Will not come back and do not recommend...笑
Quick Spoiler: Good food, slow service and expensive.

Atmosphere: the restaurant is relatively new at the time of this review. It's modern design is simple and clean. The restaurant is actually pretty small but they crammed as many tables as they could inside. Nice for a simple date or causal dining. Audience was comprised of all ages.

Order: my wife ordered the famous Supreme beef rice and I ordered the duck breast pasta with numbing spice sauce. We also shared the chef's special 1-bone chicken wings.

Food: the chef's special chicken wings were really just fried honey garlic wings with sesame. It was tasty but definitely less meaty than normal wings. 
The Supreme beef rice was quite delicious. It's rare beef on a hot plate with a mountain of rice in the middle.  But you actually have to mix it together first before eating. The beef is half cooked, which is why you need to mix it right away while the plate is hot. There's scallions, corn, sauce and butter hiding in the rice (which is where all the flavor is). This was the best dish of the night. 
The duck breast pasta with numbing spice sauce was actually spicy. The duck was thinly sliced so it cooked fast, but it tasted a lot like sausage. This was a good dish but nothing spectacular.

Service: this is where it all fell apart. Although we were next in line (with 2 people), they decided to give the next table to the group of 3 who were actually 2 groups down on the waiting list. While I'm normally understanding that bigger groups should get the bigger tables first, there were already lots of 2 people groups sitting at 4 seat tables. We ended up having to wait another 20mins because of this. With no attention from the staff, I decided to grab the menus myself to figure what to eat. I was judging by the bored faces and empty tables that people were waiting for food for awhile. The service was slow, but the staff were buzzing around all night. This leads me to feel that they understaffed as well. They used a dirty cloth to wipe the table quickly. This left a weird odor. They sent out our main dishes way before our appetizer. Finally when we wanted to order dessert, the waitress loudly and rudely told us everything was sold out. 

Overall: while i would come back to try the food (worthy of 4 stars), the lack of attention to customer service resulted in their 3 star rating. The prices they charge aren't your cheap HK diner prices, therefore a higher level of service is a reasonable expectation.笑
Summary: A very decent restaurant that has unique offerings at reasonable prices. With regular menu menu updates and special promos, this place deserves a visit, or two. 

Value: 4
Quality of Food: 4
Cleanliness/Atmosphere: 4
Service: 4
Innovation: 4

Value: this is a restaurant where the majority of the menu items are below $10. They also have a very nice lunch special that price their normal items ~$1.00 cheaper plus a soup. Serving sizes are not generous but sizeable. Overall, what you get is a bit more than you pay. Good value. 

Quality of Food: The quality of the food is fairly high. Their ingredients are fresh and the hot plate is more utility than gimmick. However, their flavours tend to be a bit on the bland side, often I reach for the salt. Personal favourite: the Atlantic salmon with pasta. 

Cleanliness/Atmosphere: I would rate this aspect of the restaurant above average. Tables are nicely set up to optimize seating but not overcrowd each table. The tables look nice and modern, as are the decor. The place can get quite loud at times, but that also means this is a great place to have lunch with a group of co-workers/friends 

Service: Service here is usually very good. Servers are quick to explain menu items, offer instructions, and fulfilling requests. For some reason, and this could be just a personal experience, billing seems to take a bit longer here. Side note, one of the servers here look like Mike Chang from Six Pack Abs. 

Innovation: it's not in every plaza where you'll find a hot plate restaurant. So under its premise, it deserves some innovation credits. Since the past year, I've also seen some new items being rolled out, which also deserves some recognition. On top of the food innovation, I like their loyalty program, as oppose to the simple buy X get 1 free, they rolled out a fairly comprehensive loyalty program. Not sure if it still exists.笑
Another smart business concept: DIY stir fry with your choice of meat and rice for $9, and additional toppings for $1 each and you gotta mix it all up yourself.

Tonight I tried the beef tongue, I quickly regret it after tasting the beef... The tongue is cut into thicker slices that made it pretty hard to chew. The beef on the other hand... whatever sauce or seasoning they use makes the boring stir fry a little more interesting.

I like variety when I eat, so I'm really not liking that there's only a plate of  mixed rice and beef and nothing else. 

I would strongly recommend the tiramisu: it comes in a pot with the chocolate crumble looking like soil, creative and delicious!!

If you've never been here, I would recommend trying since it's a new and cool novelty. But i wouldn't be a regular here.笑
I've been here a few times and have had a good impression of the food but this one time is outstandingly bad. Today (08/08/16), I came with my family and cannot deny how the food quality has decreased significantly. A hot pot was ordered and the soup came sour and not how we remembered it use to be. The mushrooms were not washed and we had to wipe the dirt off with napkins. The quality of beef is also not good. The tea I ordered came lukewarm and I had to ask them to heat it up. I ordered some cold-dish appetizers which all came near the end of the meal. The salad I ordered came with a 'ponzu wasabi' dressing which honestly just tastes like soy sauce. 

I have had very good experiences here previous to this one but I just had to mention that today was especially terrible. Not just with one item but with every single one.笑
The food was good but not surprising. Very buttery but makes sense because of the hot plate. It would've been nice if there were more veggies. Reasonably priced. 

Very big plus is the service. Very nice and courteous. Server forgot to put in our drink order and when we asked, they acknowledged the slip up and made one for us on the house.笑
Had the ox tongue and rice dish. The meal is served on a hot plate where you can continue to cook your meat and mix the rice to get the nice char.

The sauce and custom butter they use with the rice is absolutely delicious.  The ox tongue was very tender and flavourful.

Very delicious but not enough. Definitely order two items.笑
My girlfriend and I had met up for lunch. Being the Yelp Elite and foodie that she is, she had this place bookmarked so we decided to try it out. We got there about an hour before the place opened, so we walked around and grabbed some chinese buns at this place in the plaza. (Which were kind of expensive. They were a dollar! They're usually like 75 cents elsewhere shiiiiieeeeet.) 

Anyway, we finally ended up at Aka Teppan and I'd have to say that this place is, to quote 50s terminology, the "Bee's Knees". I ordered the House Special Chicken Yaki Rice(9.50). It was brought to me on a sizzling plate and looked delicious. As it took me a while to take my photo for Yelp because my girlfriend kept ruining it, the waiter approached me and said to mix my food and flip the chicken before it overcooked...After I took my photo. It was only then when I realized that there was actually a piece of paper around my plate with instructions that told me to "Hurry!" LOL. (It was my first time at a place like this, alright? Leave me alone.)

Anyway, after finally digging in, the House Special Chicken Yaki Rice was delicious!...that's all I can really say about it haha I strongly recommend getting that. My girlfriend ordered the Duck Breast Pasta with Herb Cream Sauce. She enjoyed it as well! We shared a refreshing kumquat lemon tea, and for dessert we shared a yummy roasted coffee tiramisu.

For anyone that finds themselves at First Markham Place, I strongly recommend to give Aka Teppan a try!笑
Yummy place !!! it's always crowded here so be prepared to wait if you come on weekends or some evenings even. the portions are pretty small because they weigh their meat.笑
Only get the sizzling plates here. Anything else is definitely a rip off. I ordered the tiramisu only cause it came in a pot and it looked like soil with a plant in the middle. Quality is definitely not worth what I paid for. A Chinese place that wants to accept 15% tip? No thanks. AND they don't accept credit cards which proves what type of restaurant they truly are.笑
Food was not bad (3/5) but service was poor (1/5). We have come before and thought the food was quite good. Portion of meat seemed much smaller.  

This time we ordered 2 drinks, (roasted milk tea and apple green tea),  with lunch specials and both did not taste good. Even so,  we kept one and asked to exchange the other. While one waitress said ok and was getting our coke,  the other waitress said not to. She then came and told us she cannot because our apple green tea was already made but will give us a 'discount' . I asked to take it off the bill and clearly it didn't happen but we did get $. 30 off our bill. Thank you (not really) and won't be back nor will we recommend to anyone. So many places to eat that are equally good if not better.笑
The food is quite tasty, but the portions are a bit small.

Black Curry Beef Udon: It was overall quite good. The texture of the udon was good, soft and chewy, but the curry didn't really have a bold taste to it. The beef tasted normal and you can cook it to your desired doneness.
Salmon Herb Cream Pasta: It was also good, and more flavourful than the curry udon in my opinion.  It had a strong creamy garlic taste. The salmon tasted normal as well.
Okonomiyaki fries: Just like a standard Okonomuyaki fries. Sauce and mayonnaise pretty tasty. Good addition to the meal

One thing that I wished they did and wouldn't let me do was substituting the spaghetti noodles from the herb and cream pasta for the udon instead. That would have been really good!笑
I thought the food here was very unique and delicious. When I went, it wasn't the most well renovated place in the world, but the food was amazing, so I'm not gonna complain. I particularly enjoy the pasta dishes. This restaurant is also in a very convenient location on Hwy 7, easily accessible by public transit. It's definitely one of the better places in the FMP plaza.笑
This restaurant is okay. The food is average, though the concept is a little refreshing. You get the whole sizzling plate and individual hot pot experience. It's fun for the first time. It doesn't taste especially different or fantastic. I have had better at a much more reasonable price. It's just a nice place to try out once or twice.

It's a small place but I think they made good use of what little space is available. The same most certainly cannot be said about their bathroom space. 

Service wise, I wouldn't say that they are lacking. I would more day that its non existent. You don't really expect much from places like this though. Just eat and get out nice and fast.笑
I had hoped for more varieties of teppanyaki from Aka Teppan.  It had a few but none interested me this evening.  Hence, our intended snack became one full blown meal to share among two people.  We ordered a curry lamb pasta. The curry part tasted bold and smelled fragrant.  The lamb meat was average.  The pasta was a little bit over cooked but not too excessively.

The services was friendly, efficient and effective.笑
Food is served at a good temperature (hot warm), good quality and portion however, service is a bit slow. Only two servers on a weekday dinner night but full house. Tip: be prepared to wait at least 10 minutes for a table (on a good day). Their pork jowl is good but it takes a bit longer to make. Their house special chicken isnt anything that amazing to be calles house special but its good. Additional toppings range from $0.50 to an extra dollar. The beef is good, duck breast is good too (kind of like deli). The hand-grinded pepper sauce for the teppan pasta is quite peppery. If you like black pepper like I do, you'll enjoy it. The aka special hotpot is good for a single person. If you get the pork set they recommend the hokkaido gyunyu milk soup base. It actually is pretty milky. In the end the veggies actually soak up all the base and you may need to ask for more broth (which theyll give you a regular chicken broth). Your main entree will range from $9 to $15 (additional toppings excluded). Overall its not bad :) do try but rethink if you want to pay ten bucks for it more than a few times.笑
good: first i have to say...food was really good...grilled salmon, pasta, hotpot were all very good, wasabi flavour wings were tasty...presentation was very nice... i could have given it a 4 star or higher for food. the price was very reasonable.

not so good: long line up (that's expected for a new rest) but the waiting area is very small and a lot of people cramped up in that small corner near the entrance..

bad:
we were there to celebrate our friend's birthday...we brought a cake there...after we finished our food we asked for the cake..the staff took out the entire cake in the original box and left it on our table with no plates and forks ....either they didn't know what we want (how naive was that) or they just don't want us to eat there...

that's okay if you are too busy...and you would like to turn tables...just explain to us and we will gladly go somewhere to cut the cake...but if you don't say anything and just leave the cake on the table and expect us to go away...very unprofessional and a big turn off to potential returning customers.

at least for me, the service is as important as the food.笑
I saw people who ate at this place for the past few days, and I decided to try it out myself. Its somewhat like Korean stone pot. You have to mix your food well when it arrived or it will get very toasted and burned.

The plate was already came with corn, but we didn't know so we added a side order and you can see it in the pic. It is about 50 cents for some sides like corn, and 99 cents for mushroom, egg, cheese. In my opinion, I don't think its worth it for the extra side that you can put into your dish to mix together.

The dessert its alright. I guess it looked somewhat interesting like a plant pot but the taste was so so...笑
Supreme beef rice with an extra egg.  The dish I find myself always coming back for.  Very consistent everytime I come to the restaurant.  Not too expensive and service is not bad too.笑
The food was decent, it wasn't bad but it wasn't great either. The reason why I'm giving this place a 2 star because the service was soooooo slow. 

My gf wanted to ordered steak on hot plate but they said it was out of stock. So she ordered the hot pot with the milk flavour. 10-15mins after ordering, they told us that they ran out of the flavour and tell us to order something else. Feeling very disappointed, she decided to go with the hamburg steak with rice($12.99) instead. 

What I ordered was the slice beef and rice on hot plate ($8.99). It came 10 mins after my gf re-ordered her food.  It tasted alright, the hot plate had lots of oil on it so wasn't exactly healthy. I think they butter it up a lot so that the food doesn't stick to the hot plate. The portion was too small for me as well. 

We waited and waited, probably like another 30mins. Feeling really anxious, we asked the waiter to check if our order was ready yet. He did apologize and said it'll be here soon. So after 10mins, my gf's hamburg steak finally came. It wasn't anything special, the hamburg steak was like ground beef patties with lots of pepper on it. I think the pepper overpowered the flavour of the meat. Also had gravy so we're not just eating dried hamburg steak. The portion was a little bigger than the beef and rice I ordered. 

After we're done, we decided to go for the dessert there. My gf wanted to try out the strawberry tiramisu flavour in a pot. I jokingly said to my gf that it would most likely be out of stock. So finally got a waiter to come by and what do you know, they said it was  out of stock and only had the original flavour. lol. Didn't want to try an original flavour tiramisu, we went with the black sesame panna cotta($4.50). 

And the wait begins again....
after like another 10-15mins, I was actually kinda agitated at that point and got another waiter to check our order. The order came and it was the highlight of the night, the panna cotta was actually good. It had a nice texture and the sesame flavour was there. 

Now I understand why the lineup was so freaking long, they either need to hire more kitchen staff or work a little faster. I understand it is still a new business and has room for improvement. But I wouldn't go there again in awhile though. Also another advice, your clothes will smell so don't wear anything too nice unless you want your clothes to smell like kbbq. Which might not be a bad thing for some people if they like the smell. :P笑
Dropped in here with a friend last night, I owed him dinner upon losing a bet and he chose this place. He had been here before and he recommended it.

I've had this kind of food before when I was in Taiwan over 5 years ago, and I'm glad the concept has finally come to Toronto.

Well, my friend didn't steer me wrong, this was good food at a very reasonable price. I ordered the Supreme Beef rice and he ordered the Ox Tongue rice. Both of us got added the raw egg for 99 cents, and it was a great addition. At first glance this dish didn't seem like a lot but I ended up being stuffed!

We also ordered the single bone in wings with the Chef special sauce. I hear this is not the best choice, but the one we wanted was sold out for the night (downfall, as it was only 6:30pm). I believe it was some sort of salt flavour that was the best one. These were only ok and I probably wouldn't order this again.

Overall, good food for a very good price. I recommend.

Edit: I came back here with my family and it wasn't as good as my first visit. Tried the Angus Steak and... well just stick to what's good. Also the service was horrible on our second visit. The dishes came out one at a time and this isn't the type of food you can wait for the whole party to eat as it continues to cook on your plate.

My mom's hot pot dish came out dead last after everyone else finished their hot plates. Hers should have been the first to come out!笑
Cold snowy winter day, best way to keep warm is to eat shabu shabu and teppan. We ordered a few of their speciality. Supreme beef teppan, Atlantic salmon teppan and hokkaido milk soup with beef shabu.

The teppan was served sizzling hot to the table, the pieces of rare beef so you can cook to the way you like it. Stir the rice in together to get all the sauce to get all the taste. It was really really good. The same goes for the salmon but I definitely enjoyed the beef more. The shabu was amazing as well. I've never had milk as a soup base but it was good, creamy broth. The beef was very tender, they gave 7 pieces and lots of veggies. SO it was healthy for sure, little meat, lots of veggies.


We also tried their dessert. We wanted to get the green tea parfait but they ran out and only had black sesame ice-cream. Compared to a real Japanese green tea parfait, it is missing a lot of ingredients. Basically, the cup consists of corn flakes filled 2/3 of the cup, 2 scoop of ice-cream, some tapioca, whip cream and 2 pocky sticks. No red bean, pieces of cake, mochi ... It was still good but nothing special that you can make at home, so I was a little disappointed.

The mains was really good, will come back for it, will skip the dessert though.笑
I think this place is a really interesting and fun place to try. They serve you rice/noodle dishes on top of a sizzling plate, you can watch the meat getting cooked in front of your eyes. The restaurant is a little bit cramped and space is a bit limiting. They don't accept credit cards unless it's over a certain amount. 

Both times I came here I had to wait in line, around 15-20 minutes though. You can order extras for your dishes like corn, green onion, cheese for a dollar. I think it's a little bit ridiculous to charge a buck for things like green onion. But I recommend you get the cheese in your rice dishes cause it tastes so good! Services is generally fast. The food is very tasty and I love how hot it is when you eat it!笑
Taste was okay but they have made some changes since some of the earlier reviews.  Had the Supreme beef rice teppan for lunch with extra mushrooms and an egg.  No lunch specials now (went on a Mon), beef rice was $8.99 and there was definitely less beef than what earlier pics show.  

It's on the pricey side and I was surprised that when I got the extra egg for $1 they just bring a raw egg and crack it over the rice and you mix it in to cook a bit.  Not sure what I really expected but for a dollar I thought there would be more to it.  

Service was a bit slow but place was modern.笑
This place is very consistent. I came here when it first opened and was impressed with the food. I forgot about it until a friend suggested it so I wen ty again. Food and service just as good as before. There we're also a lot of new dishes added so it was a great experience. 

Food:
Great price for the amount of food. Food combinations and flavour was wonderful. Most places deteriorate in quality but not here. Food quality is consistent with before. One tip is to make sure you ask the server what the dish comes with. We added garlic butter, mushrooms, corn, cheese, egg and it added to the flavour but it wasn't necessary to add all of it since it came with some of these add-ins already. 

Decor/Service:
Restaurant vibe is good, it's a pretty popular place.  Service was great, one of the servers went out of their way to help my friend who had a bit of trouble walking. Although I hope they clean the washroom more, I didn't use it because it was very wet and dirty.笑
Food:

Food was okay. We ordered the lunch specials and there weren't much to choose from - Tom Yum Chicken Yaki Rice, Curry Beef Yaki Rice, and Curry Pork Udon. My udon only tasted so so for me because there was too much curry/sauce for me. The Tom Yum Chicken was quite oily. The curry beef ended up to be over cooked on the sizzling plate so I guess that's a downfall for "cook it yourself" that I can't have it medium-rare?

We also ordered the Roasted Coffee Tiramisu from what I saw here. Looked great in presentation but only okay. 

Ambiance:

At least while we were cooking up a smoke, the smile wasn't too strong inside. The wrapper around the sizzling plate was a considerate design to help oil splash.

Not a priority to revisit again.笑
I've been here multiple times and rate this restaurant 3.5. You can't really go wrong with rice/pasta served on a sizzling plate topped with ingredients. Compared to Pepper Lunch, it's really lacking that punch in the sauce. I noticed they've been increasing their prices too. But overall, still a decent meal and experience. I usually stick with the Supreme beef rice but I've tried the Mentaiko spicy udon and it was quite good. Make sure to add garlic with your rice order! Also, the staff here are always so friendly and (side note: floor always so slippery- be careful when bringing seniors or pregnant moms here).笑
Came here with a friend because we noticed the recent new restaurants at FMP.

Didn't disappoint, great new restaurant! Their teppanyaki is to die for, I ordered the garlic chicken. It came in a sizzling plate with rice and corn in the centre, tasty!!

Will be back for sure!笑
Food was great. Service was good. Place was small though and not much decor. They only accept cash or debit. One last thing...Despite the positives, we really wanted to just finish our meal and leave. What looked like a 'roach' crept on the wall beside our table. Not sure if somehow it got in with the door opening and closing, but the person working there acknowledged the critter and 'took care of it' and apologized to us. Wish we got at least a freebie from them due to experiencing this. May not go back.笑
First time here and it was weekend lunch time. Nice cozy place in the corner of plaza. Service was nice and quick. 
We ordered house special chicken teppan rice, ox tongue teppan rice and Japanese beef curry udon (lunch special-comes with soup or 3 pork dumplings).
Each one was under 10$ and you can add extra topppings like an egg,cheese,or mushrooms for 0.99$ each. Other toppings like scallions, corn, or garlic for 0.49$ each.
All very tasty and the hot plate experience was cool! Would definitely come back to try other dishes and dessert.笑
You remember that scene in Eddie Murphy's "Nutty Professor" when they were on the dinner table and the mom was clapping "Hercules, Hercule, Hercules"

That is the exact emotion I felt when my curry beef tepanyaki showed up. Smoking on my table and the meat still red getting cooked in front of my face. 

I swapped my rice to udon-best move as it was nice and chewy and the curry taste was an amazing sauce to compliment the noodles. 

The ambience is not anything but you do feel like you had a quality meal at a very fair price. My bill was less than $15. Definitely would recommend this to any one in the Markham area.

P.S- I was full so not first hand experience. Their dessert menu looked DOPE AF.笑
3.8 out of 5. I ordered Supreme Beef...it was good but just not enough of it. Service was great though, they refilled our water and didn't kick us out even though we were sitting there for awhile. The girl even cooked mine as I mentioned it was my first time there. So nice! Next time I'm gonna need to order double the amount of food and with all the fixings: cheese, egg and mushroom goodness!!笑
Aka Teppan has really delicious unique specializations in Japanese hot-pot creations from their sukiyaki to hokkaido flavors but also really delicious sizzling plates with different types of meat. It kind've reflects the whole concept of the korean babimbap on a sizzling teppan plate form where you mix the rice with the meat chosen by you as the rice also secretly hides some sauces and corn on the inside.

It's uniquely known for having their sizzling hot teppan plate at a remarkably hot temperature that allows for your meat to cook within seconds. When I went with my friends here the other day during their opening we also had a free okonomiyaki fries coupon. When you go there you also get another discounted coupon for Okonomiyaki fries with your receipt. I'm not sure if they'll still haven't however, it's an excellent place if your looking for something with a cute quaint little atmosphere with an excellent modern looking ambiance.

It's also uniquely known in Toronto for their tiramisu cake pots and unique black sesame/green tea parfaits. Their bubble teas are also a little bit different from typical bubble tea shops as there are uniquely made drinks not easily distinguishable from other tea shops.笑
If you never had a sizzling plate before this might be a good place to go to, but there are far better choices to pick from that taste better, give bigger portions, and is cheaper.

I came with a few friends and luckily it wasn't too busy and we got seated quickly. The restaurant is small and isn't the most comfortable when it is packed full of people. However they do keep it relatively clean.

I ordered the salmon with rice and my friends got the supreme beef. They are all around $10-$15 with options to add eggs or corn. The food came relatively quickly in a sizzling plate with a sauce on the side to mix at your leisure. The portion size is small, not enough to feed an adult. The food was nothing special, it wasn't terrible, but I'm surprised people would pay for so little just to have it come in a sizzling plate that you have to mix. 

Novelty alone can't keep customers. It might make a good first impression, but the food is what makes repeat customers.笑
I came here at 530pm on a Saturday and it wasn't busy of course, but after 30 minutes, there was a line up! I didn't realize how popular this place was and the restaurant is pretty small too! I wasnt  impressed with the service however. We were seated and never got asked if we wanted a drink. At this time, it wasn't even busy. It took a while to get the waitress's attention too, so it took extra long just getting some tea.  

I tried their most well known dish of course, the sizzling plate (with salmon) and luckily it came out relatively fast. The plate comes out sizzling of course so make sure you don't touch it, duhh! There's a paper cover (see picture) to make sure you don't get splattering oil on your skin or clothes. 

MAKE SURE YOU STIR THE RICE AROUND-there's a huge chunk of butter hidden in the rice which I mistakenly took for as tofu. Other than being unaware of this, my plate was overly peppery. There was so much pepper that all I could taste was peppery hotness. Ugh, and I'm sure this dish wouldve been delicious if they didn't overload my dish with black sprinkles of death. I just couldn't eat it all because of this. Such a unfortunate experience.笑
Very unique concept where food is put on a hot plate and all you have to do is make sure the meat is cooked and mix all the ingredients together. The dish comes with a paper edge that wraps around the plate to help avoid oil splash back. There is even instructions on the paper which tells to to start mixing the food. Just wish the waiter had mentioned this earlier otherwise I would have just continued snapping pictures. I thought the service was also a bit slow and unattentive. 

Supreme beef with rice $8.99

Salmon with curry and noodles $8.99

Both dishes were good and had great flavour.. The portion of food is super small. In fact it was so small I had to go into the First Markham food court next door and order another meal. Also I did not start mixing my rice until a little bit later and ended up getting a portion of the rice which was just a hard block.

3.5 stars笑
Portions are a bit small. However, they are a good and interesting concept- where you can watch your food being cooked right on your table! There's a selection of different meats that you can choose. I haven't tried the drinks so can't comment on that.笑
Mouth-watering aroma filled up here.  Flipped through the menu and ordered right away.  Our food arrived quickly in sizzling hot metal plates.  Steam were rising from the hot plates and the aroma traveled through the steam to our noses.  We mixed together our food and started to eat. The duck with spaghetti and ox tongue with rice were both great. Meat were tender and the sauce were yummmm. The molten cheesy hamburger steak wasn't juicy, but the sauce that came with it was good. The oolong tea latte didn't only look appealing, it tasted great! What a good refreshing drink in a hot afternoon!!  Servers were attentive, and background music was great!! Will give five stars if the hamburger steak is juicy : (  
*To my surprise, they serve sake!!*
**Cash and debit only**
***Got to sit away from the hot metal plate while it's sizzling, or else your clothes will turn into an "oil" painting : ( ****笑
Delicious food for a great price. It's a small place so it does get packed quickly. Ordered the Atlantic Salmon Teppanyaki and tasted so good! Service is quick. Definitely coming back here even if it means waiting for a parking spot.笑
Tried this for the first time on one of the warmest weekends of the beginning of spring. I came with a friend and we both ordered lunch specials which come with dumplings. 

There was a really big hype when this place first opened and I could see why it was such a big thing. It's a unique idea and the idea behind cooking your own meal on a sizzling plate which can't be done at home. 

I ordered the black curry beef udon and I really enjoyed the texture of the curry on the chewy udon. My friend got the black curry beef rice and she thought it wasn't bad but the rice was rather dry. 

Overall an interesting idea but wouldn't go back often. Maybe we'll come back to try the dessert!笑
It's a unique experience but the portions are small.  I can't speak to lunch as we've only gone during dinner.

Pricey for what you get and the portions again...small.

The cheeseburgers many raved on here were just meh.  Just a mini burger patty with cheese...nothing special.笑
I absolutely love this place. Their significant dish is a hot pan given with a choice of meat you would like and some sauces and corns, additionally add more topping got extra $, it soo delicious! The coffee tiramisu is also one of my favourite, they decorate it as if it is a plant and it's tasty as well. Their drinks and hot pot are soooo great as well. Their services are fast and great, prices are good. I just love this place so much!笑
I came here a few times. Initially when it opened, I really enjoyed eating the sizzling pepper steak rice dish. It had so much buttery flavour to it. We also tried the noodle dish as well (we ordered a few amongst our group) and so we got to try the different flavours. 
I enjoyed the rice dish the most but after eating there, I often felt so greasy. Left me feeling like my face was covered in oil and clothes/jackets were for sure full of the smell of "asian cooking". 
It felt oily and greasy b/c everyone was probably also ordering those sizzling plates and the oil fills the room or at least it makes me feel that way (like being trapped in Mom's kitchen while she's frying up some foods). 
It was a great experience because I really enjoyed the rice dish. 
I would eat it again if it were less greasy /oily feeling after because it had good flavour. 

Minus 2 stars for atmosphere and oil-filled mouth!
Haven't been there in a long while =(笑
Scrolling through my instagram feed, Aka Teppan seemed to be a hit in Markham especially in the saturated FMP plaza filled with asian restaurants. In fact, seeing the images of their hot plate specials, it definitely reminded me of pepper lunches back in Hong Kong.

My friend had the beef rice special while I had the spaghetti with cream sauce, chicken, and mushrooms. We both agreed his dish was a lot better - the flavours were more vibrant and the sauce worked really well with the rice and meat. The tenderness of the meat was great too! On the other hand, I thought the spaghetti was a bit of a miss - it was really oily and the cream sauce didn't really bring any flavour to the spaghetti itself. 

Their appetizers are really good though - their chicken wings and cheese rice cakes are BOMB! I would definitely recommend both of these appetizers.笑
I had to try Aka Teppan as it was being constantly spammed throughout my IG feed.. and I ended up coming here 3 times in 2 weeks. 

First I'm going to state that their food, although great to look at, is very average.  The 4 stars is entirely based on their dessert selection. 

Here is what I have gotten throughout my visits.

1st Visit: Tom Yum Chicken Rice: It was like a mild curry with a little kick to it.  There were quite a few pieces of chicken and the customary ball of rice in the middle.  
2nd Visit: I got the milk hotpot.  This is definitely filling (see pictures for what is provided) but a little bland.  
3rd: The Chicken Rice: This is my favourite as I love how it is spiced.  It's a little small for $10 but still good nonetheless.
Honestly, the presentation of the food is awesome: the hot place, the hot pot of your food right in front of you - but the food itself is once again - average.

The desserts are on a whole other level.  
The tiramisu comes in a little cup and they display it like it's a potted plant.  The "dirt" on top is crunchy chocolatey and goes so well with the creaminess of the tiramisu.  
The pan cotta is delicious.  I get this every single time and will probably return just for this.  It comes in a little jar with a ball of ice-cream on top and the gelatin on the bottom is enhanced with the flavour you order (sesame ice-cream = sesame flavour gelatine).  Definitely worth $6.

The service here is somewhat hectic and you do have to flag down the employees as they don't like to make eye contact.
Food comes out about 10-15 minutes after you place your order and the drinks don't like to appear until you're 80% done with your meal.  
The restaurant does get very full, so if you don't want to wait (especially if you have a larger group) come during the slower hours of the day.

Tip: $25 over to use debit - otherwise it's cash.笑
Food took forever to come and screwed up my order too... Food wasn't that special and portion was small for that price.笑
I don't really find anything special about this place. They just put a bunch of ingredients on an hot plate and tell you to mix it. I don't understand why they can't just mix it themselves and then serve it. It's not like there's a special way to mix it. The ingredients are okay and it tastes fine, but I feel like I'm paying to do extra work. I guess if you like your food to be really hot and like to mix it a certain way then you'll like this place. Otherwise, it's just fried rice or noodles on a hot plate. The prices are reasonable but the portions are kind of small.笑
Fun! Sizzling plates and tiramisu dirt pots make me happy. Sauces were tasty without being overly reliant on salt. Menu had a nice variety of options between rice and pasta suitable for a mixed group (assuming everyone wants a sizzling hot plate of something - why else would you come?). 

Since everyone else also mentioned it, yes, this place is very similar to the Pepper Lunch franchises in Asia, but with more of a personal touch because management seems to care about their customers (long story short: received wrong order, sent it back, manager came with apologies and 10% discount...more than fair).  

4 stars = would come again.笑
3.5/5

I've been thinking of coming to Aka Teppan for quite a while now but haven't made the time to try it until now. 

I arrived on a Sunday night around 8PM and it was moderately busy. We were sat down immediately and given the menu. There seems to be quite a few choices. They're known for their sizzling plates so I decided to get the Curry Beef with Rice on a Sizzling Plate. It was quite expensive and I added cheese at an additional cost as well. 

The portion is fairly small - a small bowl of rice with perhaps 10-12 pieces of beef. However, from a taste perspective, it is pretty good - nice curry taste that isn't overpowering. Though for 11$ with an additional charge for the cheese, I would expect a little more. Thankfully I wasn't terribly hungry. 

The service is actually quite good - attentive and very friendly when coming in and out of the restaurant! It's a little surprising for me how friendly they were - given that it was a Chinese restaurant. 

It's debit for only transaction over 25$ btw.笑
Went for the lunch special, ordered the beef curry udon. It was too salty for my personal preference, and there's really no creativity of the food (meat on the side, udon in the middle) but the service and the wait time for food was good. Food was served on hot sizzling plate. Will go back again during my lunch breaks!!!笑
The food is a bit of a novelty since it comes in a sizzling hot plate which is DIY (ie. you mix everything yourself). I thoroughly enjoyed the food, it was quite delicious though not a value-for-money establishment, as the portions are quite small for someone with an appetite. In fact, this would be more of a snack/light dinner type place.

That being said, I got the duck breast with pasta in mixed herb and cream sauce + an extra side of cheese ($0.99). The sides are usually $0.50-$0.99. My dish came with a few mushrooms on top, so likely you wouldn't need to add that as a side. You can also add other sides like corn, green onion, etc. Absolutely delicious and would order again! The Supreme Beef was a popular choice amongst my friends and smelled great!

This restaurant is probably a good place to try something different with friends, but not if you're starving.笑
When we were heading to Sonoya next door for Ramen, we saw this joint and wondered if they served Ramen as well, but because the storefront didn't seem all that great, we didnt bother with any investigation. Lo and behold, about a week later, my brother took our family out to this special place that surprised me very pleasantly!

As you might be aware teppan in japanese means iron griddle - a flat iron surface. Most of the cheap eats at around $10 on the menu are rice topped with teppan cooked deliciousness that's still sizzling when it's been served on a sizzling pan. The place is not very japanese, though as you might have guessed it certainly infuses some japanese flavours and cooking into it's i would say primarily chinese dishes. 

We had:
- Cheesy Japanese rice cake
- Beef teppanyaki rice
- Hokkaido Milk Nabe hotpot
- Spicy mentaiko beef udon

The cheesy rice cake and beef udon had the same spicy cheesy base but it was so delicious that we did not mind a tall. The hotpot was more expensive for its portions at almost $20 but the rest of the dishes were around $10 or less each.

Everything was delicious. I can't wait to come back!笑
Our own Canadian version of Pepper Lunch!

I came here a few months ago and was very excited to find a Pepper Lunch dupe in Canada!

I ordered the salmon with rice on a sizzling plate and it was very delicious, but quite disappointed as the portion is quite small for the price (I believe it was around $10-12?). The rice portion was probably half of a normal bowl of rice.

They give you the option to add toppings such as cheese and extra corn, but cost $1-2 extra..which can really add up...in Hong Kong it used to cost $5HKD for egg, cheese and corn.. that equals to less than $1CAD!

Overall, this place is delicious for a small dinner once in a while..but I definitely would not make it a frequent dinner go-to place.笑
A nice a cozy place to take a date to with decent food. I would definitely come again.

We came here for a friend's birthday and all ended up getting their signature beef teppanyaki with rice (8.99). It was pretty good overall. The beef was extremely tender and well the sauce fit well with the beef and complimented the corn. I would have preferred it more if there were several more ingredients such some greens maybe to add a refresh edge to the dish. and be sure to add toppings, because I felt like without the egg the dish isn't as complete. 

The second time I came here, I got the Beef Tongue with Hamburger steak plate (13.99 ish?) It was also pretty good though I would say the burger patty was a bit dry in the middle and the beef tongue was a little dry too after cooking.

Overall, good place for a smaller group, and can accommodate maybe to a group of 6? and then I would consider going to a different location笑
Really like this place since it opened up in FMP! I came here a few times and always left satisfied. the restaurant is quite small so not good for groups because of limited seating, but the prices are definitely very reasonable and they also have speical promos here and there. PLace was clean and service was pretty good. WE always got our food pretty quickly. BUt honestly getting good food for about $10, not many places can do, but I would say that this place definitely hits that big time. If you want some good decent teppan style food with reasonable prices, this place is definitely worth checking out! I particularly love their rice with beef... it is so yummy. They also have hot pot - there was a lot of food though. Their duck is also quite delish :)笑
Atmosphere: spacious, new , clean, modern, great location

Food: 

1. Supreme Beef Rice: awesome! i never had pepper lunch so i cant compare, but i can totally see all the raves about it now. the beef was fresh, concept was of everything coming together infront of you was cool. the rice was little hard, but the sauce, the butter, the cheese, fried garlic bites all came together very well. $8.99

2. Tom Yum House Chicken Pasta: i was disappointed in this dish, it lacked flavour, nothing to really rave about. $9.50

3. Original Tiramusu: Presentation was very cute, but for the portion size, i found it quite expensive $5.99. It was topped with "cookie pieces" which resembled "soil" since it was served in a little clay pot. Ill definitely be back to try other desserts since everything looks so interesting!

Overall: Will definitely be back. Especially since its in the FMP area, im always in the area. Im really glad we finally have something that so cute and fun to eat.笑
Tried the tom yum rice, and the original tiramisu ($18.60 before tips).

There is more flavour in the chicken than the rice, and the tiramisu comes in a miniature flower pot, lots of mousse with some crispy cocoa puffs on top and a dark chocolate layer at the bottom. the cheesy japanese rice cake has a lot of stringy cheese and onion sauce at the bottom.

Service is good and the food is decent, but it's a little pricey to be honest!笑
I first saw this back in Hong Kong awhile ago and I'm glad they brought it to Toronto. Been here many times now and I've liked everything I've gotten. My favourite has to be the supreme beef rice,  with cheese and an egg and the coffee tiramisu. I've never had any problems with this place, except that they don't take debit or credit, also FMP doesnt have a close ATM - the one in the mall was broken. Everyone that I have also been here with has also always had an enjoyable time and liked everything they ordered.笑
I always get the supreme beef rice. Very flavorful and delicious. They recently changed their menu and added dessert. I also tried the hot pot and it was different. The soup is tasted like milk. One time I got fried chicken but it was horrible... Meat went bad. Overall, I love this restaurant!笑
I've been dying to come try out their sizzling plate because it reminded me SO MUCH of the Pepper Lunch in Hong Kong. Ohhhh, the delicious scent of the burning hot sizzling plate that fills up the entire food court. 

We came here for lunch on a weekend, and they had delicious lunch specials! I got the peppered beef with rice and corn and my friend got the salmon with rice and corn. We were surprised when they served us a plate of dumplings as appetizers right before we received our meal. Fried dumplings for a surprise are always a nice and surprising treat because we already had a special for lunch. 

CAUTION: the sizzling plate is literally sizzling - meaning, you should probably wait for your food to cool down before you put it in your mouth, or else you will probably burn your tongue like I did. 

Food overall was 3 stars, it wasn't as delicious as Pepper Lunch, nor did it smell as delicious, but cool place to check out in Markham!笑
The food looks impressive in photos and that's about it......
I was interested in coming to this restaurant when one of my friend posted a short video on Facebook. 

Environment:
The restaurant is located at First Markham Place, which is well known for a lot of great restaurants and very crappy parking situation. My tip is to just don't bother looking for a place near the restaurants during peak dinner hours and park beside where Cineplex used to be. Trust me, even though it's more walking, this will save you so much time and frustration. 
The restaurant itself is pretty small, and it's more like a casual dine out as opposed to a full meal. The seats are limited, so it's better to come early and with a small group. It smelled so good when you first step into the restaurant. 

Food:
We ordered a rice with beef and a pasta with smoked duck breast. The wait was about 15 minutes until we finally got our food, and it wasn't during peak hours, so probably expect longer for dinners. Immediately I noticed that the meats were very little, as you can see from the photo. 
I had the pasta: the cream sauce was great, very flavorful, the duck breast tasted like duck bacon, but it was good too, I just wish there were more of them. My friend got the beef with rice: she commented how the beef tasted like those beef rolls you use for hotpot, and the inside of the rice was cold, like it came from the fridge, so she had to scramble the rice on the pan to make it hot. 

Service:
Just your average Chinese restaurant service quality. But we were led to a corner seat even though there were other seat available, because they wanted to save those for larger groups. I mean I completely understand why they would do that, but it still didn't feel great to us as customers.

I feel that overall the portion was not great, because of the lack of meats and average taste overall, the cool pan wasn't enough to win me over. I could have went somewhere else and spend the exact same amount but get a more satisfying experience.笑
I've been waiting to try this place out, my co-worker said it was so-so. And the reviews are mixed, some people hate it and some people love it, so I had to try it myself to decide if I like it or not.
I went on a Thursday evening for dinner at 7pm. The place was not busy, only two other tables occupied. The waiter was really helpful. We ordered Supreme beef and also it's chicken counterpart. We also ordered the single bone chicken wings and pork jowl. 
The supreme beef looks exactly like in the pictures people have already posted and on the restaurant wall. We added garlic and a raw egg to ours and it was really tasty. The server was helpful and mixed it all in for us even though the place was getting a bit busy. Good service overall. 
I'd give the food 4/5, service 3/5 (waitress tried to card me for ordering a MOCKTAIL, and after i ordered it waited 10 minutes to tell me they can't make it)
It's a bit on the pricier side. I would go back, but if the prices were a few dollar less, I'd be there all the time I think.笑
Well.... Food is good but beware if you are allergic with pepper! Loads and loads of pepper! 

The down side of this place is line up and not enough experience server to take care of the customer.  One girl is super efficient which she takes care of allllll the tables, totally deserve a raise!!!
The other guy..... Oh my gosh, super slow and no sense at all when handling customer that are waiting to be seated, while there are empty tables available for him to clean, but he rather choose to chat with other customers. Pls get rid of him as it seems he is not interested in customer service what so ever!笑
Cute little place has new and cool dishes, will return.  Btw the restaurant has no affiliation with Akasaka Japanese Restaurant in Richmond Hill.笑
:( Ordered the black curry beef rice that was on lunch special for $8.50 and it came with three fried wagu lamb dumplings. Rather dissapointed. The ingredients like the beef and corn were fresh but not very seasoned. On top of that, there wasn't enough curry to mix in with the bowl of rice. In the end, it was just really bland with no hints or consistency of curry. Definitely could use more curry and meat and more varied veggies. Im guessing all the hype is going to the grill plate and the sizzle which actually causes a lot of steam...don't wear anything you dont want smell on! Dumplings were yummy. Really nice crisp from frying and they were filled up sufficiently with lots of lamb. No sauce paired with it tho. :( The desserts do look very cute and inexpensive. I was going to try it but we had birthday cake!笑
Confused and upset. Walked in at 3:30pm to have lunch. Server tells me they are closed now to feed their staff so they will not be taking in more customers. Im happy you want to feed and give your workers an adequate break but change your hours to accomodate this. Dont have your hours listed from 12pm-11pm. I was looking forward to trying this and now im left hungry and searching out for something else to eat.笑
ahhh finally, someone brought over a popular restaurant style from Japan & Hong Kong to Toronto.  This place is very good and the food they serve is very unique, I don't recall seeing a similar style in Toronto prior to Aka Teppan. The selling point of this place is the way they bring the food onto the table, the meat is not fully cooked yet, and the customer can play a little chef and grill the meat to perfection (usually another minute or two should be good) and mix it at your own will.  So this style can be a double edged swords, some will like it, some will not.

There is nothing special about the envionment as it is very typical looking, so let's go straight to the food.  They serve a variety of foods, but mainly either a form of topping on either rice or pasta.  I tried both and I prefer the pasta option, reason being you can choose your own sauce and the "Hand Grilled Pepper" saurce is by far one of the best!  Very strong buttery smell and flavour and I personally love that smell and taste!  If you prefer the rice instead, I will recommend the Hamburger Steak, very tender and just by grilling it a bit more it's perfect!

I should also mention their desserts, very creative and although i know where that tiramisu in a pot idea came from, but props to them for bringing it over and doing a good job on it!

Although the price is at the high end, but I would still recommend people trying out this place, for the experience and the quality of the food they serve.笑
Well, it's a fairly unique restaurant concept for Toronto. Aka Teppan specializes in dishes served on sizzling platters, specifically whole meals served on sizzling platters, the specialty of the house being a supreme beef (hotpot style sliced beef) rice. The restaurant is fairly small, although deeper than it appears. I would not recommend coming with a party of any more than 12.

Fairly busy at 6:30 on a Saturday night. Came with a party of 12. Food came fairly quickly and efficiently. The servers did not remember who ordered what, so we had to answer when they let us know which dish they were trying to place in front of a person. 

Was recommended: Ox tongue rice, and Atlantic salmon pasta with herbed cream sauce.

Ordered: Ox tongue rice ($8.99). On the menu, it says that corn and green onions are an extra $0.49 each. The ox tongue rice, without additions, already comes with corn and green onions. The $0.49 is for additional corn or green onions. They also have other additions that cost $0.49 and $0.99 respectively. The cheese option ($0.99) is shredded white cheese served on the side. I just ordered my ox tongue rice straight up. Good portion. Ox tongue slices served on the outer rims of the circular sizzling plate, and the rice topped with corn and green onions served in the middle. Upon first glance, the rice is sauceless. When mixed up, I discovered that the sauce was inside the rice! That was pretty cool. The sauce is almost like a terriyaki black pepper sauce. The reason I'm rating this a 3/5 is because the sauce wasn't flavorful enough, and the tongue was a tad too chewy and it lacked that distinctive tongue taste I enjoy. The tongue was braised in almost a star-anise soy sauce (or that's what it tasted like to me).

Additional notes:

No cake fee. We brought cupcakes and they gave us small dishes to eat the cupcakes on. They also brought us a knife so we could cut the cupcakes up and share them.

Final thoughts:

I would come again, but it would be because someone suggested it. I probably would not suggest this place. It reminds me of meals I had in Hong Kong, but in a more expensive, less delicious way.笑
Interesting place to go to. they cook their food halfway so that it cooks right in front of you so its fresh and hot to eat. We ordered the spicy beef udon and the set meal. We really liked the meal so much so that we ordered dessert from their colourful menu. We got the Mango tiramisu and the black sesame parfait. Both were delish. Definitely recommend!笑
Ordered the Mentaiko spicy udon. Taste pretty good but not as good as expected. Doesn't have a Japanese vibe in the taste Also, the portion is pretty small for the price. Don't go if you are super hungry.

Food: 3.5/5
Service: 3.5/5
Price: 3/5
Overall: 3.5/5笑
3.5/5, +.5 for service

I'll overlook the fact I waited an hour on a Saturday night at 8:30pm. If you wanna try this place without the hype, I suggest you wait a month or two before proceeding.

They serve very interesting food here. I don't know if "Japanese" is the right word to describe it, but there's definitely fusion involved.  Either way, we had the premium angus steak with Osaka barbeque sauce, Aka special hotpot, handmade Hamburg steak, chocolate lava cake with ice cream, and Aka Fusion tiramisu.

The best dish was probably the Aka special hotpot. The beef was top quality, and there were several additions added that made it filling. We even added udon, and the udon was delicious. The premium angus steak was decent, though a little thinner than I thought so I accidentally overcooked it. The hamburg steak is pretty much a patty steak, and tasted like the patty of a burger. Your call if you like it or not, but we found it to be okay.

The chocolate lava was VERY good, well worth the 20 minute wait. The ice cream was the green tea ice cream, which of course was nothing special. I liked the tiramisu in which it was created like a flower pot in which you eat in it. Pretty much and the tiramisu tasted quite good as well.

I'll definitely come back here but would rather wait for the hype to die down...or come on a weekday.笑
Been here a few times already and can say that the food has been consistent but not the best.

They're known for serving up a protein with rice and a ball of butter inside the rice and soy sauce on a sizzling hot plate. You would mix it all up and eat it. They haven't been very innovative since they opened hence the decline in business. It's not terribly pricey but still don't feel like it's worth $10 for a bowl of rice and a few piece of chicken.笑
Kids LOVED it.   I ordered a Tom Yum house sauce chicken, too peppery and spicy for me.  It's good that I ordered mine first while I waited for the kids to come so that I could tell them no peppers for the rest of our order.   The chicken wings were a bit dry and the korean pancake was dry and burned.  They are all FUN food in my opinion :) 
If you want to try their laval chocolate cake, need to order it ahead of time, it will take 20 mins to prepare.笑
A DIY teppan where they bring u a sizzling plate with rice and topping where you mix it yourself, genius idea and pretty cool, the lunch specials were awesome ranging from 8-9 dollars, they come with either the dumpling or soup of the day, there are 5 lunch specials I think either, udon, salmon, Tom yum chicken and I forgot the rest lol

Will come back to try the other entrees, heard they duck breast spaghetti is the da bomb笑
The food is good especially some of their signature food. The staffs are very friendly.  Enjoyed every time here.  Will return often.笑
OK since this place opened, I have been here twice already, lunch and dinner is the same menu, same price and same portions.

I was lucky both times and did not have to wait for seats at all, but as we started there was huge line ups forming andthe doors are completely packed and it's even hard to get out.. The fmp plaza is hard to find parking as usual

The booth seats are SUPER uncomfortable, the middle tables are super close to each other that it's kinda uncomfortable also, as your neighbors can hear you chatting, or listening to them can be kind of awkward, and it's hard not to hear.

The drinks are a good size, the pearl jelly for the drink is really a jelly that looks like tapioca pearls but it's not tapioca, it's jelly (still pretty good)

The pepper rice is pretty good, a bit dry and a lot of rice but not enough meat. the added cheese, after you put it into the rice (it just disappears) the egg is a good extra topping tho.

The salad is very small, I would skip it next time. The hot pots are pretty good, very little meat for the price, but worth a try.

The plant dessert is cute but does not taste very good.笑
This is an interesting place, it does teppanyaki on a hot plate right in front of you and mix it yourself. Cheaper than going to a full out teppanyaki place. 

I had the Spicy mentaiko beef udon this is udon noodles with some seaweed sprinkled on top, some kimchi and beef in a cheesey sauce. The udon was good but the flavors were a bit strong for me. 

Also tried my friend's supreme beef teppanyaki rice. I think I enjoyed this more and it felt less buttery than the udon. 

Overall If you want to try something different its pretty good. I just didn't like that I smelled like teppanyaki the rest of the day.笑
This place is great for their sizzling pepper beef rice and sizzling plate spaghetti.  The wasabi chicken wings were good too!笑
I read from other reviews that service was horrible. Therefore, when I visited them over the weekend, I braced myself for bad service but I was pleasantly surprised. The service was fine! We didn't wait more than 10 minutes for food nor to get a seat (granted it was only just J and I).

Interior is pretty standard.. nothing special
Right off the bat, when you walk in a HUGE waft of delicious sizzling meat hits you - it is intoxicating :D

There were quite a few tables who ordered the PERSONAL HOT POT ($14.99). They include meat, some seafood and you can add a bowl of noodles on top of that. It was a pretty large tray and most people shared!

CHEF'S SPECIAL ONE-BONE CHICKEN WING ($5.99)
They were delicious but believe it or not, they were harder to eat then regular chicken wings! The bones were shattered inside the chicken wing so we would be pulling small bits of bones out while eating : /. Otherwise, the flavour was quite good and I do love a crispy chicken wing =)

CHICKEN TOM YUM PASTA ($9.50)
To be honest, I'm not quite sure why the pasta is more expensive than the rice.. This dish was pretty good - the tom yum flavour comes on pretty strong which I loved.

SUPREME BEEF RICE ($8.99)
This was the real winner of the meal though. There is actually a sauce (similar to teriyaki) inside the rice ball as well as a garlic herb butter inside. Mixed all together, it was so good. The best was when the rice crisps with the sauce at the bottom of the sizzling plate *_*

TIRAMISU 
Tiramisu itself tastes pretty good but I prefer the traditional tiramisu over this. I did adore the presentation though!!

I would definitely go back to try more dishes (personal hotpot!) because I personally have not yet had a bad experience (we'll talk when it happens). Check them out :)笑
This is an interesting restaurant since the food comes on a hot plate and you have to "cook" the dish yourself.

My boyfriend got the chicken yaki rice ($9.50). I thought that it was very well seasoned and the portion was enough to fill him up. However, I do think the dish was on the pricier side since you can probably get the same dish somewhere else for a lot cheaper. I suppose part of the price is for the experience.

I got the duck teppan pasta with herb sauce ($9.50). Since duck is usually more expensive than chicken, I thought that this dish was reasonably priced. I really liked the herb sauce and the duck tasted like bacon for some reason. Although I think my dish looks better, I think the overall taste of the chicken yaki rice was better.

Halfway through our meal, I decided to add a kumquat lemon tea ($1.49). This was a very refreshing tea especially since my throat was a bit sore. I definitely recommend getting this tea.

After going through all the pictures on Yelp, I couldn't help but order one of the tiramisu. We settled on the roasted coffee tiramisu ($5.99). Just a warning that the dessert is smaller than you think! I thought that the dessert was quite yummy and it was a nice way to end the meal.笑
I ordered the supreme steak teppan and my husband ordered the curry beef udon off the lunch menu.  He chose to have dumplings to compliment his lunch. 

In terms of taste, I'd give it 5 stars. It's the next best thing in lack of pepper lunch. But portion size wise, it is not enough. Neither of us are full (even with the dumplings), hence the reason for the 3 stars.笑
This place is always so busy. Finally got a seat, hoping to satisfy my late night sugar cravings. Asked the waitress for the most popular dessert on the menu, which is the sesame parfait. They ran out of that. Then asked for the second most popular dessert, the original tiramisu, and they also ran outta that. After some back and forths with the waitress trying to figure out what they actually had left, we decided on the green tea parfait. Everything was good except for the cornflakes. Tasted exactly like those frosted cornflakes you'd buy from the grocery store. On the other hand, it had those tapioca-looking things decorated behind the ice cream. Waitress said they are imported from Japan and are red-bean flavoured. Tasted like a mix btw tapioca and grass jelly. Overall, dessert is okay, nothing special. Would return to try their teppan rice and pasta.笑
I was soooo excited to check this place out just 'cause I loved the concept of the diy food and also the cool apps and desserts that aren't really commonly found anywhere else, like the plant looking tiramisu!Got it for the novelty. Not bad but not mindblowing. Makes a nice instagram pic though ;) I got the duck breast pasta with white sauce which was really well made. I did blame myself though for not taking the duck breast off the heat quick enough cause it got overcooked. 

Based on food and concept alone this place would have been and easy 4/4.5 star in my eyes. My gripe is the service!! Now don't get me wrong it's not like they're rude, but the girls are quite slow in terms of cleaning the tables and the kitchen is also really slow about bringing out the food if you're not ordering the lunch special. I also ordered the bbt which didn't come until we asked for it at the end of the meal and even then it wasn't good enough to justify the price or the wait for it.

Overall I am willing to give this place a second try though simply 'cause I truly enjoyed the food and the novelty of some of their menu items. Hopefully after some time the restaurant will start to run more smoothly since they are fairly new.笑
Finally had a chance to sit down and write this review. it has been a crazy few days. 

Up to this point, I think that this place is the only place with Japanese....I don't know what to call it. It is on a sizzling plate with your choice of meat and your choice of starch. I usually get the rice as I don't like the pasta, but to each their own. You also have to choose a sauce of some sort. Again, I usually get the beef with rice and black pepper sauce, but i know the rest of my family likes the pasta with chicken and curry. 

The food there is really amazing. The chicken wings with brown sugar is a fantastic appetizer (but it is a smaller portion). Overall, the only thing you have to be careful of is the hot plate. I would recommend not touching it unless you want to lose some skin. 

The only complaint that I have is with the washrooms. Being the larger person that I am, I can say that it feels really REALLY cramp. The restaurant is on the smaller side, but that makes the service better. There is always a waiting staff hovering around to help you with all your needs. 

Pros

Great Food
Fantastic service
Not expensive

Con

Must lose weight to get into the bathroom.笑
Did they just change management? Used to be 5 stars. Still the same good decor and service, but small portion lunch menu and favor of the tea drops like a rock.笑
What we had:

Molten cheesy hamburg steak: very juicy, but the cheese was just okay, not much cheese flavour.

Supreme beef teppanyaki rice: really good, juicy, love how it comes out on a hot plate and cooks in front of you.

Salmon tataki salad with ponzu wasabi dressing. The salad was okay but the ponzu wasabi dressing I enjoyed a lot! Could drink this dressing like I drink nuoc mam.

Service was pretty good, atmosphere was nothing special but didn't detract. Overall it's worth a try.笑
The suprême beef and chicken wings are must haves. My friend doesn't like here much but I give it a ten. Only sucks when We have to wait to be seated笑
Came for lunch with my brother, as he said I should try it. A little dead when we arrived around 12:15pm, which was a but surprising, but definitely picked up in 20 min. to a lineup.

Definitely an interesting concept, with your own personal teppanyaki for each meal. We ate off the lunch menu, which cane with choice of dumplings or soup. Had the dumplings and Curry Beef Udon, which were both okay. He had the Tom Yum Chicken with Rice which was better. 

Service was pretty good for only 2 servers working, as they were swamped when the restaurant picked. A nice experience overall, with a free soda upon check-in as well. Just a little annoying that they didn't take credit, and my brother had to go into the mall to get cash from an ATM. Might come again to try the Supreme Beef, but not at the top of my list.笑
Came here at around 9pm on a weekend so it wasn't as busy as usual and didn't have to wait for seating. The server we had was super nice, he was very friendly and kept saying thank you to our table which was a nice surprise for us. Everyone else was also really nice and whenever we needed anything they were quick to bring what we requested. 

Ordered the usual supreme beef with rice and extra corn. Even though some may say the beef portions are small, I thought it was a good amount. It was a good ratio with the rice imo. If you enjoy sauce, I would recommend getting extra sauce for I think $1. 

Also ordered the cheesy Japanese style rice cake, the rice cake was not as soft as I would have liked it, but the cheese sauce was delicious. A bit like nacho cheese but with a nice spicy kick to it. 

Ended with the sesame ice cream parfait which was good as well, the only thing is that it might be a bit messy to eat. 

Overall, have been here a few times and would return.笑
Decided to try this place because I saw pictures of their menu which looked really really really good. But the pictures in their menu is all very very deceptive. 

I ordered the salmon pasta and my friend got the duck breast pasta. 
The food came around the same time, but when I first saw it I was completely disappointed...and also disgusted. 

Firstly, what came looked nothing like what was in their menu, nothing even remotely close to it. I haven't been so deceived in my life. There was very few pieces of salmon and all of them were fully cooked. The portion was much much much smaller than the picture and for a normal meal. Lastly, it was very oily. Everything was drowned in oil. 

The duck breast was also very very small and thin and there weren't much pieces. This was also drowned in oil too. We both finished our meals and decided to leave out of disgust and disappointment. We had to go somewhere else to get a second meal because we were not full at all. 

I definitely would not recommend this place at all. For the price you pay, it is not worth it. Also, it's very hard to get over how deceived you will be, I felt very ripped off.笑
My boyfriend and I both ordered the teppanyaki rice; he got the beef and I got the unagi. Portions were generous and presentation was nice! Everything tasted good as well but the unagi gets a little too rich at the end so I might opt for the shrimp or salmon next time.

I also noticed they had a really cool dessert menu but we were too full for dessert. Would definitely want to try the matcha panna cotta or sesame parfait next time though!笑
Just recently got a chance to try this place out.  The interior is dark and small. Maybe it needs a little bit of inviting decorations. 

I ordered their Supreme Beef teppan substituted with spaghetti noodle marinated with black pepper sauce.  Maybe I should have sticked with rice.  The noodle is kinda hard and burned but the flavor is good. The beef is also burned and hard. Maybe the chef overheated the teppan a little too much.  Overall, the food is good. I will give it another try next time. 

I also ordered the green milk tea. The tea is not sweet at all which is good. The taste is well balanced with the milk. 

Perhaps, I will try something different next time!笑
3.5 stars.

Aka Teppan is a newly opened, small and cosy restaurant with their specialty sizzling meat on hot plate.  If you craving some with Pepper Lunch from Asia, this is a good place to try similar food. Their menu items have some good variety besides meat on a hot plate like the appetizers, individual hot pot, drinks and desserts. There is a choice of pasta and rice with the hot plates and side toppings such as mushroom, cheese, corn and egg.

I had the beef with rice. The beef was OK quality. Maybe the more expensive Japanese beef on their menu would taste better. The corn was buttered and the rice had a tasty sauce all over it. Drinks and appetizers were good. No complaints on the quality or quantity of food.

The prices are reasonable in my opinion. The lunch special looks like a good deal.

When I came for dinner it was quite packed, so the kitchen took longer to make our food (~17 mins). It is a new restaurant so once the hype dies down, I'm sure they won't take as long to make the food. Lots of young people.

I hope they find success in their business because there is no restaurant (that I know of) that serves these kind of dishes in Markham.笑
Was here on Family Day because the three restaurants we wanted to go were either closed/renovating. Can you believe our luck? Luckily there's an abundance of choices at FMP!

Anyways, we were quickly seated at 12:20 p.m. Bf and I were both starving so we quickly decided on the lunch special. He ordered the salmon with rice and I had the grilled chicken with curry udon. Both of our lunches came with 3 pieces of gyoza and we ordered a drink for $1.50 extra. Honestly, for that price it was a pretty decent deal.

My bf's salmon dish came first, it looks pretty good. Salmon was half cooked and it smells pretty good. Then my boyfriend went to mix his rice and found that the mound of rice is actually hollow in the center? So they skimped on serving less rice? Within a few minutes my bf's salmon was overcooked, even when he tried to put the salmon on top of the rice instead of directing on the hot plate. 

Then my chicken udon came and I regretted my choice. I forgot how hot the hot plate actually is, so while I'm trying to frantically eat my udon the curry continues to reduce. Which means the curry gets thicker and becomes salty. I couldn't finish half of my udon because it was inedible. 

The best part of our meal was actually the gyoza, but it's hard to screw up a gyoza no? Next time I come back I'll order the gyoza and a dessert. The black sesame parfait looks interesting!笑
Been seeing pictures of this place blowing up on my social media so of course, I gotta check this place out myself! I read a lot of the yelp reviews for this place and went for items that were recommended by many yelpers.

I ordered the House Chicken Teppan-yaki Rice while my boyfriend ordered the Supreme Beef Rice. There's also a variety of "add-ons" to choose from such as mushrooms, cheese, fried garlic, green onions, corn, etc. All of these "add-ons" costs from $0.50-$1. I added on some cheese and it was served to me on the side. When our order came, it was served on a hot, sizzling stone plate. The aroma of the food just wants to make you dig right in! But, be careful and don't stick your nose into it immediately because a few pieces of corn popped out of the plate due to it being so hot! Wait for it settle for a few mins, remove the paper surrounding and then, dig in! 
Once I punctured my rice, I found a little surprise... it was filled with a sweet-salty sauce (reminded me of teriyaki sauce, but not as sweet). The chicken was surprising juicy and tender and it went perfectly with the lightly seasoned rice. Something so simple put together yet tastes so delicious! 

I tried some of my boyfriend's Supreme Beef Rice and it was not as great as others have described it to be. (Perhaps, it was the chef that day? Something went wrong in the kitchen? Didn't give enough time for the beef to marinate? Idk..) The beef was pretty much tasteless... not as juicy as the chicken and definitely not as tender. Pretty disappointing when it's one of their top recommended dishes. 

We also ordered the Cheesy Japanese Rice Cakes as an appetizer and oh boy... this thing is definitely NOT an appetizer to start with at all! It was indeed VERY cheesy and VERY filling. I'd prefer the rice cakes in slices instead of cylinder chunks, but hey, if you like it chunky then by all means go for it! The cheesy sauce was mixed with some kimchi so it made it a bit spicy and sour. It was a yummy dish however, after a few spoons of it, you'd start to get sick of it. So, don't try to have this all to yourself... you will be stuffed before having the main course (...and with a gazillion of calories, haha)! 

Service was OK. They come to you when you wave them down however, they did tend to forget to bring the Cheesy Japanese Rice Cakes that we ordered. Our sizzling hot rice came first before our app. We asked about our rice cakes two times before it came to our table. It finally came when we were almost done our rice... not really happy about that.

However, I will be back to try their lunch special and their desserts (although, its presentation is quite bizarre.. it looks like a pot of soil. Bizarre but unique!) As for now, it's a 4-stars for me!笑
YASSSSSSS!!! I had the supreme beef recommended by a friend.  It's a dome of rice, with beef, and toppings of your choice (I chose mushroom), some corn, and you can crack an egg on the hot sizzling plate once served to you. It's just a plate of beautiful wonders! I cracked my egg, watched it cook, then mixed my rice with everything and wolfed it down. Geezus, it's tasty. The sauce, the combination of toppings and flavors...YUMMY! It's more like comfort food and nothing crazily fancy, but I was amazed how delicious it was! I wish they had bigger portions because it was soooo good. I also ordered the panna cotta for dessert, the matcha red bean. Really recommend that one. Comes with a scoop of green tea ice cream on top, with layers of green tea and red bean gelatin in a cute jar container. Not too sweet either which is great. 

I would come back again for another dish for sure! It's a small joint, and gets packed easily so I recommend going on a random day of the week at non rush hours. (especially if you are a group!)笑
Not a bad place to try some Japanese food that doesn't involve sushi! Prices are decent and the restaurant looks clean and pretty modern. Me and my sister ordered the rice dish where they serve it in a sizzling platter so the meat cooks while you're eating. I got the beef while my sister got the salmon. It's great that they put a paper around the platter to prevent oil from getting on your clothes. I know a lot of restaurants don't do that. 

My beef dish overall tasted great but I wish there was more meat to it. My sister's dish however had way too much pepper so she didn't like hers as much. One warning to new people coming here, there's a hidden chunk of cold butter in the middle of the rice so you have to break the rice apart and mix it in with the meat. I didn't realize what it was until it was too late - taking a big bite out a chunk of butter is not pleasant. You've been warned!

Service-wise, it was mediocre. The waitress sat us down and never gave us water. We had to try hard to flag her down for it. Ordering was also annoying because she didn't really check up on us. Paying was surprisingly difficult too. The waitress just wasn't on her game today. Lastly, this place only takes debit or cash. You can use debit only if your order is over $25 so make sure you have money on you! 

All in all, it's a neat place to visit once. Not sure if I would go again.笑
Came here with friends the very last minute, I order some spicy beef udon, portion is too small. Its not a dish that will leave any after thoughts. I also order the poutine, but definitely not enough sauce, they say it's in the bottom, but it was a small miserable puddle that wet the plate and not the fries.  Have to ask for more sauce and more mayonnaise. Taste like takoyaki. My girlfriend order the beef rice on hot plate, yea, beef is definitely FROZEN, at least she is not singing Let it go while she wait. Server not responsive, most of time they are just spacing out. Lastly the sesame panna cotta... Looks cute, but I had tasted better ones before. Not gonna say 'I'll be back' this time.笑
Probably not going there again. The food tastes good but it may just be the MSG as my dad and I was practically knocked out by the time I got home. 

The seating is also very tight and uncomfortable.

The food itself tastes good but as I said. It was likely due to MSG.

The presentation and safety paper around the hot plate was a nice touch. 

The lack of credit card wasn't that big a deal because the price isn't too expensive but it is still inconvenient.笑
Came to Aka Teppan for dinner on New Year's Day. Place was relatively busy but we were able to be seated right away. Ordered the brown sugar flavoured signature wings to start, which were small but delicious. I really enjoyed the seasoning on these, they've actually got a bit of curry flavour to them as well. Followed up with one of their hot pot offerings, with red miso broth. I chose to go with assorted seafood (beef and pork also available). My favourite ingredients for the hot pot were the tofu pouch, enoki mushrooms and udon noodles. I was not a fan of the white fish they provided on the seafood plate, and it was cut into awkwardly huge pieces. Would come here again to try one of their teppanyaki plates.笑
3 star for food , 3.5 for service + 0.5 star for creativity and lunch special offer!

aka Teppan is a newly open Japanese Fusion restaurant in First Markham Place. Cool place for young people or the young at heart. Menu is interesting and unique with items you cannot find in other restaurants in the area.

We shared

Handmade Molten Cheesy Hamburg Steak ($6.99) 手製流心漢堡扒
- 3 mini patty with melted cheese and onion stuffed inside

Lunch Special: Supreme Beef ($6.99) 極上牛肉 
- comes with a choice of pop 
- black pepper and herb butter added flavour to the rice 
- beef is plentiful and tender
- DIY instructions is kind of cute

aka Teppan dessert offerings is quite tempting: Molecular Foam, Tiramisu thats serves in a planter and they offers Japanese tea inspired drinks: Furano Lavender Milk Tea , Black Beans & Rice Maccho.

I guess I will be coming back as I am still young at heart. Or I can always have a Sapporo for $3.99 here too!笑
Yummm the food here is great and it definetly reminds me of HK's sizzling pepper plates but with a different take on it. Basically it's Chinese meets Japanese fusion with HOT sizzling plates of meat (beef, chicken, fish, etc) with your choice of carbs (rice or noodles). 

Been here a few times. Located at one of the corners of FMP. It's definetly popular and busy especially during the dinner rush hours... around 20min waits depending on group size. Hoping that they will expand into a larger venue someday! 

I typically order the Supreme Beef but the group I go with all ordered the House Special Chicken spaghetti combo. While you wait for your plate to cool, make sure to mix your rice and "cook" the meat. My plate was also seasoned with corn niblets and green onions. Portion sizes are a little smaller than expected... probably because they use a standard cup size for the rice/noodle hill. For around $10 for yummy food, this place is great! Will visit to try the lunch combo and the "potted plant" dessert as well. 

Service was OK standard... busy as always.笑
4/5 taste , -1 service. 

We came here enough to get the free drink, rice and dessert, thus gaining the VIP card. Although we get 10% off, the other promotional things on the card dont apply such as 50% off extra toppings etc. The free rice is only for beef and salmon.. The free drink is only for the lunch special add on (1.99$).

The service was terrible. Had to ask the server to clarify atleast 3 times. Then had to get another server to clarify our order. Food is great, probably not worth the price for what youre getting in value. 

Honestly this is probably the last time im coming here. Wouldnt recommend it unless youre desperate for it cause you wont get full either.笑
The food is great but the service is extremely lacking. They ran out of cups and wasn't able to come up with any remedial solutions.笑
I visit this place approximately once a month or every 2 months.
It's a small little place that serves their main plates on sizzling plates with their own branded sleeves wrapped around the plate.

Supreme beef is their classic dish with rice, and pasta with duck breast and many other toppings available.

Service is pretty good here, I also love their peach and mango oolong tea. The only thing I don't like about this place is that the seating is quite tight in the restaurant, especially at the booths. But their food is absolutely thumbs up. Their dishes are definately UNIQUE from other restaurants and that's what keeps me coming back.

The food is served good consistently everytime I visit.

When I visited yesterday, they also gave a stamp card as their anniversary gift to the customers.笑
Overall bad service. Food was okay. Servers become chaotic while dealing with group of 6 people. So bad decision to go to this place with your office team. It was a chaos even though we were the only people in the restaurant.笑
House special chicken pasta w/ herb cream sauce 
where does special come in? 
it was basically alfredo sauce on spaghetti...could have made it myself
and there was too much pasta to chicken ratio

their signature beef teppanyaki was much better 
it comes as semi-cooked beef w/ rice on a hot plate 
the black pepper sauce seasoned the dish well & brought everything together
however, portion size was small & its a bit too oily for my liking笑
Went on a Monday night, the place was pretty packed. One interesting thing I noted was when then turned the fan/circulation on. I would randomly feel drafts. Soon we realized it was cause every time several hot plates came out, they would turn it on to avoid the shop smoking up. 

Food was decent. The beef I got tasted a little plain, but the sauce covered it decently. There was not a lot of sauce and beef did not seem marinated previously.

Portions were small. I would be filled, but the guys at my table had to eat more than one portion. 

Overall, it was an interesting experience but I don't think I would try again. Its one of those places where people may want to experience because there is a gimmick.笑
Pepper Lunch fans rejoice~ A similar teppan beef rice has made its way to Markham. (but don't compare, HK is def. much better) In addition to teppan rice, they also offer teppan spaghetti with a variety of sauces & toppings choices, Japanese inspired appetizers, drinks, desserts and hot pot. 

Super packed...Be prepared to wait, or make reservation. Better for groups of 2.

Supreme Beef Rice 
- Sauce is hidden in the middle of the rice, topped with black pepper, corn, green onion
- Beef has no taste
- Needs more sauce and flavor as a signature dish!

Duck Breast Spaghetti x Tom Yum Sauce
- I like the creaminess of the sauce, but it is very spicy
- Duck makes the dish oily

Chicken Spaghetti x Numbing Spice
- Chicken is tender and flavorful 
- Numbing spice is not numbing or spicy, I found the Tom Yum spicier. Still liked it better than cream sauce though.
- Spaghetti a bit overcooked

Salmon Spaghetti x Herb Cream Sauce
- Salmon has no taste 
- Cream sauce is light, but a bit bland

Chef's Special Chicken Wings
- Crispy and sweet! Cut in half like Greyhound Café
- Not spicy 

Rose Ti Guanyin Milk Tea and Lavender Milk Tea  - good 
 

Verdict: Food is okay, but room for improvement. Service hopefully improves.. seeing as this is only open for 2 weeks.. Need better seating allocation.笑
The atmosphere was perfect for my date day with the boyfriend , the servers were knowledgeable and the food was interactive and delicious, I would definitely come here for a second round to try more things on the menu笑
Ordered Ubereats, and the food was just far more better and tastier than I expected (might be a result of eating something in a snowy cold winter lol)笑
This is the second time since a long time. I wasn't happy the first time because they only accept cash when the bill can easily be over $100.00 with 5 people. They still only accept cash. We order the special salmon fish and rice that comes with either dumpling or soup for $7.99. I ask if I can get spaghetti instead of rice. They said it's an extra dollar. Ok no problem. Then they come back and said the soup or dumpling can not be included. Ok fine I'll take the rice then. Unbelievable! 
The food came it was good but the six slice of salmon that they give was so thin I almost didn't feel I ate them. The rice was little also. Although the food taste good but felt it didn't worth it.笑
Excellent food and service. It was our first time there and our server was kind enough to explain how the menu worked out and made our food for us. I would definitely recommend the supreme beef rice, duck breast and the tiramisu. 

The only con is the fact that they can't split the bill and they only take cash. One of my friends did not have cash so one of us had to spot her. It was also difficult as we all ordered different items on the menu making it more difficult to split.笑
3.5 Stars

I had the Peppered beef with rice and corn on the sizzling plate. It was a fair price of $10.50. I enjoyed the taste and the unique experience of rotating the thin sliced steak to make sure it gets fully cooked and opening up the rice to make sure you melt the butter and mixing it all together to make a delicious mix of rice, corn, herb butter and steak. It also comes with fried gyoza which wasn't bad either, probably slightly above average.

The service was pretty average and they seemed that they were rushing is on the bill and then next thing you know they like forgot we were there when we tried to pay for the bill (it was a bit busy at the time because it was around 1pm at that time). The place was kind of small, so you have to hope it isn't full when you go. I can imagine weekends would be crazy busy, we went on a Tuesday and people had to line up.

Also they gave us the wrong bill and we didn't notice until after I paid by debit. So the owner handled the situation pretty well and asked us to pay by debit again and in return gave us back a $20 bill, even though we paid $19.55 and he was very apologetic the whole time because it meant we had to pay more for the wrong bill. I'd like to say after that the owner is very polite and understands customer service very well! So kudos to him!

I'd definitely come back again!笑
I'm disappointed to find that this restaurant has really gone down. The servers were extremely slow when placing our orders/getting our food out. 

On top of that, the rice had either too much flavour or none at all. This was the first time in a while since I've visited the restaurant due to the small portions. Lunch was an amazing generous portion though! 

I remember it tasting much better when it first opened. The miso soup tasted like it was just warm water with salt, tofu and seaweed. I ordered a salmon lunch set and was overly salty. However, that is much better than the beef curry which didn't have enough sauce/taste to it.

$20 is a bit pricey for lunch, especially in that area and it ONLY accepts cash. With that amount of money, there are much more cheaper options at the First Markham Plaza.笑
Service has improved a lot. Happy to see it getting better.
Food is as good as always.笑
Pretty solid choice for a first markham place lunch/dinner. I like coming here for lunch because their lunch special is pretty good- one of the choices of teppanyaki + side of dumplings or salad + you can add $1.50 for a extra drink/parfait.

I've only ever got the curry beef teppanyaki, and I really like that. Don't make the mistake of taking too many pictures or snapchats before you mix your curry in, like I did the first time. I promise you, that instagram picture is not going to be as worth it as actual having a well-mixed curry beef lunch. If you wait too long, the sauce won't mix well with the rice and you'll end up with a very dry meal... unpleasant. The other times I went, I learned my lesson and mixed in my curry as soon as the plate got set down and trust me, the taste is 100x better. I know, it's hard when your food is so beautiful that you want to show the world, but you need to resist!

The service is pretty good and they are fast. If you come for lunch during the weekday, come around 11:55am-12:10pm before it gets filled with corporate robots (aka all of us) coming on their lunch break!笑
I dropped into this place while searching for a decently-priced japanese-esque restaurant to get dinner with my boyfriend. I ended up selecting this place as it was closer to where we both were and it had some high reviews.

We got seated really quickly and service was very lovely. The place was clean, urban, and overall very cozy feeling for a place that uses black and white decor.

They had a nice selection of foods, ranging from rice-centered plates to pasta, steak, etc. Alongside that were a nice selection of hot and cold drinks or desserts to end off your meal.

I ordered the House Chicken Special Teppan-rice while he ordered the Supreme Beef Teppan-rice. Alongside that were a Strawberry Jasmine Tea (tasted like a Starbucks Passion Tea with more fruit accents. It had jello too!) and a Peach & Mango Oolong Tea (rather nice, tasted too much of tea in the end though) Our orders came in decent timing; mine before his. His drink took a bit longer but not long enough that it was pushing the service expectations. 

The concept behind their dishes is to cook the meat on the hot plate and once that was done, to mix it all together with the rice; very DIY food-oriented. It was definitely fun to see the sauce (A+ on that, it was delicious!) appear from the middle of rice- which was topped with green onions and corn. Portion appears small but believe me, it was /filling!/ At the end, we ordered a Wildberry Kiss Parfait to split. It was literally a strawberry ice cream parfait with whip cream, freshly chopped strawberries, gummy bears, frosted flakes, and whip cream. If you ask me, it isn't worth $4.50. There were also no layers so that was kind of a disappointment.

Despite the dessert mishap, we left happy and full! Would visit again for sure! Shame they only take cash though.笑
I think food wise this place is average but it's the creative/fresh aspect in which the food is served that's capturing all the attention. I had their supreme beef rice which is just pieces of beef that's cut up and placed strategically around quite a large portion of rice with corn/greens on top. The beef really wasn't anything special to me, it tasted kind of like the hot pot beef that's been marinated perhaps. 

If you decide to add the egg they give you a raw egg and you crack it in after your meal has arrived.

For dessert I had their house tiramisu that's like small plant that's actually pretty good surprisingly. The cake was super moist and the cream was just perfectly whipped. I also had a green tea ice cream parfait which sadly was quite disappointing because it's just two scoops of ice cream on top of a lot of corn flakes with a scoop of red beans on the side :/ I actually didn't even finish that because it was so lacking compared to the tiramisu. Both desserts were 5.99 and the meal was 10.50 (including extra egg) which is average in the area but definitely there's better if you aren't specifically craving this.笑
I wasn't impressed. The portion of meat is really small, the pictures are deceiving, and there is an excessive amount of oil on the pan. Pricey for what it is. Also, it's cash only until next when, they're apparently going to get a machine finally.笑
On a rainy evening after a long day of work, Janet and Joyce decided to have something special for dinner with their friends. What's special about Aka Teppan is that their main course is served uncooked on a sizzling hot plate and we have to toss and cook it ourselves before the plate cools down!

Aka Teppan is a small Japanese Fusion restaurant located in one of the largest Asian mall / plaza in the area. The restaurant has around 12-13 small tables and does get busy after 7pm. Luckily we immediately got a table when we got there.

There are quite a few items on the menu with a vast selection of appetizers, mains, desserts and specialty drinks. This is not the first time we're visiting this restaurant and we all came here for the teppanyaki rice which is our favorite item on the menu and also the most popular dish. Other mains include Teppan pasta, Teppan steak and hotpot which are also served in a similar style.  

The teppenyaki rice dishes are flavored with corn, green onion, teppanyaki sauce, lots of ground pepper and your choice of meat. We ordered the supreme beef, ox tongue and house special chicken. Unlike the beef and ox tongue dishes that came raw, the chicken had been pre-grilled since it doesn't cook as quickly as beef does. Beware of the extremely hot plate and sizzling oil as you're 'cooking' the meal!

Joyce's favorite dish is the chicken as it doesn't easily overcook compared to the beef. The savory teppanyaki sauce is balanced with sweetness of the corn and a proper amount of ground pepper gave it a nice kick yet it wasn't too spicy. Janet added a raw egg to her supreme beef which gave the dish more texture and moisture. The ox tongue was tender yet not too soft and was flavored perfectly.

Service was good as the wait staff were very friendly and filled up our tea quickly several times without us having to request for more.The restaurant was well-lit and felt clean in general. Seats were comfortable and there was adequate space for customer and staff to maneuver through the restaurant. 

It was a hearty meal that warmed us up on a rainy and cold evening and we would definitely return again to try other exciting items on the menu!笑
Aka Teppan is a nice little Japanese restaurant! Guess what, it's not an AYCE sushi place. Its featured dishes are sizzling hot plates with your choice of rice, noodles, and toppings! As mentioned earlier, the restaurant is kind of small; I wish it was more spacious. As for the food, it's not bad; it's actually pretty good! Let's talk about the main dishes; you've got a selection of rice and noodle dishes!

For the Rice Dishes, you can choose between the Supreme Beef ($9.49+tax), Grilled Chicken ($9.99+tax), Atlantic Salmon ($9.49+tax), Duck Breast ($9.99+tax), Ox Tongue ($9.99+tax), Shrimp ($10.99+tax), Unagi ($18.99+tax), Black Curry Beef ($10.49+tax), and Black Curry Chicken ($10.49+tax). Add-ons are $0.99 each! You can select: Raw Egg, Mozzarella Cheese, Mushroom Garlic Bits, Green Onion, Corn, Garlic Butter, Extra Sauce, or Cabbage. Extra Beef, Chicken, Salmon, Duck Breast, Ox Tongue, or Shrimp are $2.99 each! Adding-on Black Truffle Butter is $3.99.

For the Noodles, you have a choice between the Atlantic Salmon Pasta ($10.49+tax), Grilled Chicken Pasta ($10.99+tax), Duck Breast Pasta ($10.99+tax), Black Curry Beef Udon ($11.99+tax), Black Truffle Jumbo Scallop Herb ($19.99+tax), and Spicy Beef Udon ($12.99+tax).

I personally ordered the Supreme Beef rice dish with a Raw Egg. The food was definitely good! But the portion I received was too small for me; I was still hungry afterwards. I was dissatisfied with the amount of food I received for the price I was paying.

Overall, the food of this restaurant is indeed delicious! But because of the small portion I received, the amount of money I was paying for it and the lack of space within the restaurant, I can only give this place a 3/5 stars.

Hopefully they can lease a location with more space inside and possibly increase their portions to satisfy their customers, especially the ones that eat a lot!笑
Finally found time to try this restaurant out after the hype has died down considerably. Tucked into a corner at First Markham Place, this restaurant serves food in a DIY concept - where you cook your meal yourself on a hot stone plate. 

I ordered the Supreme Beef Rice with a side of corn and mushrooms... We later found out that corn was already included so there was a surplus. Extra toppings come in small bowls so if you really wanted to, you could probably order one side and share it with a friend. Other toppings include egg, cheese, garlic, green onions, corn, and mushrooms (varying from $0.49 to $0.99). Meat was tender, similar to hotpot beef slices. The Japanese rice was cooked well, drizzled with their special butter and sauce. 

I also ordered their Tiramisu that everyone has been posting pictures of. The Tiramisu itself tastes decent but I found there were too many chocolate cracker pieces at the top that interfered with tasting the dessert itself. 

All in all, this restaurant provides a refreshing, new concept but it doesn't really make me feel like coming back any time soon. The price is a little high for the food they are offering but it is an experience to share with friends. From other reviews, it might be in your best interest to visit during lunch where they have specials. 

Service was unremarkable, we only ever talked to the waiter when we ordered and when we asked for the bill.笑
A small and cozy restaurant located in first Markham place. I just randomly walked in for lunch wanting to try something new. The place isn't too big and it was packed when I went (around 1 pm on a Sunday). The decor is simple and clean and there were only two staff working. I had to wait a while for my food to come since they were quite busy but the staff was really friendly and kept on apologizing for the wait. I ordered the curry udon which was one of their lunch promos. You could either choose between fried dumplings or soup and if you add $1 you could get a drink. The curry was average and the portion was just right. I actually liked the fried dumplings more. The beef was good and thinly sliced. Overall I think it's a restaurant with an interesting concept that you can try to satisfy your curiosity :). I wouldn't mind coming back to try their chicken teppan pasta which is supposedly their most popular dish.笑
Bad bad bad services. I ordered 4 items, and they came on the table almost together. The table was too small, it could not to be placed all of the foods we ordered, and there was no more spaces of the table for the bowls, fork and spoon, but the waiter did not aware it, and we asked him to change other bigger table or add one more table beside us. He looks not willing to do so. He just put the dishes on the table, and then went away. At the last, the printed the wrong bills to us. BAD!!!笑
Went here for a weekday lunch with a couple of friends. I have been here before a couple of times and the food has been consistent.

We were promptly seated when we arrived and given water. There is a lunch menu on weekdays with a few options and it comes with 3 gyoza (dumplings). You can also add 1.50$ for a drink, salad, or soup.

I ordered the lunch special which was curry beef with rice. This place is known for their sizzling plate rice which is similar to a food court restaurant in Hong Kong called Pepper Lunch. The food arrives on a sizzling plate and you mix it yourself and the meat continues to cook while mixing. The portions are average but the sizzling plate really keeps the food hot while you are eating it. 

Overall, I would definitely return again in the future when I want some sizzling plate rice/noodles!笑
The interior of the restaurant was very narrow & small. We were seated at the very back of the restaurant against a wall. 

We ordered a Japanese Style Cheesy Rice Roll for appetizer, and Wagyu beef as main to share. The rice rolls were very tasty, but there was more sauce then rice rolls. The Wagyu beef was hand torched to medium rare at our table. It was also very tender & very delicious.

But.....as I was eating..my husband was like..wtf is that....??? I was like "What?!!!" Along the ledge of the wall right next to my head....a brown bug......which resemble a roach.....was crawling towards me. I jumped!!! And flagged the wait staff down to come quickly..I pointed at the "bug" and the dude said sorry it's because it's hot weather..and he tried to wrap it with a napkin....but I pointed and said it's still there on our table now....so he grabbed it again....and apologized and said he would give me a new set of utensils.

I looked at my new utensils but there was hard food pieces stuck to it...so it wasn't clean either..I just took my husband's utensils to use..We quickly finished our food and got the hell out. 

I figure the right thing they should've done was at least...give us a discount or a free something...not that I expected it or something...but we just paid and they just said thanks and that was it....

Maybe it was just hot and a "bug" got into the restaurant....we dunno...but it creeped me out. I was so worried that one would come home with me and they reproduce asexually...I kept going through my hair and clothes.....jumping up & down..hoping nothing was there....

If there is a health violation....and they know about it...they should fix the problem asap....

From this experience I don't want to risk to go there again.笑
It's the first and my last time eating in this restaurant. The restaurant ventilation is very bad considering they serve so many hot plates. The food was very average and basic, something you can easily make at home. The restaurant should work on the portion of the food, it's too small and I don't consider myself a big eater. Price was not very reasonable for the amount of effort they put in the food.笑
I remember coming here when it first opened a few years back. However, my first visit was disappointing because it was overpriced and was a small portion. 

I came back here recently because I saw the sign outside the door (while walking by FMP) for set lunch menu for $8.50 for a choice of teppanyaki and side of dumplings. To me that was a pretty reasonable price.  

It was ooookay, still don't think it compares to Asia, but it sure does remind of Pepper Lunch! I still don't understand why there's always long lineups outside this place..!笑
Aka Teppan is a take on popular Hong Kong chain, Pepper Lunch, where meat dishes are cooked on tabletop hot plates. I went to the newly opened location on Bloor St W to meet up with some friends for lunch. Aka Teppan is currently running some lunch specials (ends September 15), where dishes range from $7.99 to $10.49. My friends, and I were the first customers during the lunch hour on a warm Saturday afternoon. However, service started picking up once we were in the middle of our lunch, and more people arrived. The overall ambiance was clean, minimalist, and bright with wooden tables.  

Since pictures of this particular dish has flooded my Instagram feed, I opted for the Supreme Beef Teppanyaki Rice ($7.99). It arrived in a personal-sized teppan that was steaming hot at 300°F, and came with raw beef, corn, green onions, sauce, and steamed white rice. All you have to do is mix everything together, and cook the beef to your liking. The heat from the teppan will thoroughly cook the raw meat, and ingredients. Our server asked if we wanted him to mix our teppanyaki rice for us, which we appreciated. I thought that the sauce mixture blended quite well with all of the ingredients including the black pepper, and the beef slices were tender enough. I also added an extra raw egg (+$1) to the mix, and it added a nice texture to the rice.笑
Came here for lunch with a friend after seeing how good the photos looked. The lunch menu was nice. With your selection from the lunch menu, you get a main, and a choice of either soup or dumplings, and for an extra dollar or two, you also get a drink included (price varies depending on the drink). Prices were fairly decent as well, my friend and I ended up paying about $11 each after tax & tips. 

I went with the curry beef rice option, with the pork dumplings, and honey jasmine tea. When the food came, I have to say that the presentation is very nice -- just like you see it in pictures, however, I didn't find the taste to be anything special/out of the ordinary. I also wish it came with a bit more curry sauce, since by the time I mixed the ingredients, and poured it in, I still found the rice to not be covered enough with curry. The dumplings were alright as well -- your run-of-the-mill pan fried dumplings. 

I might consider adding some toppings if I were to return here again, just to switch things up a bit. 

Also, keep in mind, there was a sign on the door that said cash only.笑
Had an early dinner today at Aka. The interior design was very good. When we first came into the store, the waitress asked us to wait while she prepared a table. But actually she was just picking up the menu, so I don't understand why we had to wait at the door for that at all.
We ordered Okonomiyaki fries, Hokkaido gyu ngyu nabe(milk based hot pot) and supreme beef teppanyaki rice. Foods are overall overpriced let alone execution. Yet the execution was quite disappointing. With the fries, sauce was only enough to cover the top, all the fries down in the bowl were dry, and nothing different than regular fries. I mean, why would someone pay $6 for regular fries?! So we had to ask for extra okonomi sauce and mayonnaise. Then the teppanyaki rice, the idea itself is brilliant, I once tried a similar dish in Hong Kong, however in this restaurant, the sauce was not with strong enough flavour, in this case I think it's such a waste for this good idea of using hot iron plate. Well, so we asked for extra black pepper. Then for the hotpot, the soup base is really good. But the overall portion is small, and it's $22 for one serving size. Again, overpriced. 
Lastly, for the service, the staff were trying to be friendly, however you can feel their lack of sophistication. One person said we can keep the menu for drinks and dessert, then another came in five mins taking the menu away from us. While serving the teppanyaki rice, the server confirmed with us that we could cook our own dish, then another waitress came help with the cooking. Also, today is extremely hot with a heat warning; so we took a risk ordering drizzling hot food, however we felt so hot during the mean, and we were told that the ac broke down and they're trying to fix it. Well, great effort, but not worth your money yet. YET. I really think the restaurant idea has great potential, and hopefully it could make huge progress in near future.笑
Love it or hate it, it was interesting. We got two pastas and an appetizer. The appetizer was Tom Yum shrimp which was very good. Tom yum flavour was light and the cook on the shrimp was good. We got the grilled shrimp and spicy mentaiko beef udon. Both came out on a sizzling plate and both were very tasty. The food was good. Portion was average. Place is small and you come out of there smelling like the place. I would probably revisit.笑
Heard a lot about them a few months ago so we decided to try it guessing the hype would probably be cooled down by now. It was still pretty jam packed for dinner on a Wednesday night. But then again, it's a pretty small restaurant. 

I tried their milk hotpot and my friend had the spicy duck breast pasta.   The milk hotpot is pretty interesting.  Very smooth and savoury.  But if you take too long to finish your food and keep the milk boiling, it gets kind of thick, like cream. So make sure you finish it ASAP or turn the stove down.  It's not bad, but not like WOW.

Their desserts had really cute plating. The tiramisu came in a flower pot. Too bad we were only able to try the original tiramisu as everything else was sold out. 

Like other yelpers said the service is slow, and the price is on the higher end.笑
This is another go-to restaurant for friend meet-ups. 
After trying many items on the menu at Aka Teppan (I come here often haha), I'd recommend the:

* GRILLED CHICKEN - RICE [Hot Plate]
I always order this with cheese; remember to pour the cheese bits while it's sizzling hot! Melted cheese, yums!

* GRILLED CHICKEN - PASTA with herb sauce [Hot Plate]
I like their grilled chicken so I tend to choose it. I tried this way back when it first opened and it wasn't that good but recently I came and they definitely improved a lot. It's yummy and saucy! :)

* MINI BEEF PATTY (3) with cheese inside
These mini patties are so good!! Comes sizzling hot each time. 

* SHABU SHABU with beef
Try the Hokkaido Milk broth!! Sounds weird but tastes good :D笑
This place is so small compared to the amount of people trying to eat here at lunch. That is testament to their goodness.

The supreme beef was exactly what you think it taste like. I opted for the extra meat and it looked like regular size to me. I came out a bit hungry to be honest. Portion size is a bit small for you big eaters out there like me.

They ran out of the pana cotta dessert that I wanted. Disappointed but understandable. Service was good when I was noticed. They were just over worked and busy. 4 stars and a recommend if you like hot plate food ****笑
Worst service ever! Alright so we waited for an hour for this place and a server said the next large table will be ours. However, that server saw someone they knew and said:"oh they called and book for a reservation!" Alright you either tell us earlier this won't be our table and wait for longer! But not saying the next table will be yours!笑
My Order: Signature beef teppanyaki (my personal favorite). 

PROS: 
+SELECTION: from teppan pasta to teppan rice dishes, they have a good selection. You can also add on toppings (i.e. eggs, corn, etc.). They also seem to have some splendid desserts (plant potted-looking tiramisu, etc.). 
+SEATING: love the booths:) so awesome.

CONS: 
- PAYING: recently when we got the bill, me and my friends all pitched in to a single bill. My friend ended up dropping a lot of change that she wanted to get rid of. She noticed that the cashier just dumped all the money into the register without counting...no. You shouldn't assume that we don't want our change back. What kind of cashier DOES NOT count money?! What ended up happening was us waiting while they half-assedly gave us less change back than we should've gotten. 
- POPULARITY: if you come after 9pm, the lines get nuts. Have fun waiting:) You really do get a range of people coming here, from teenagers to young families. 
- W/C: There's only one for such a big restaurant?! Not the smartest of ideas.笑
Nice, small resto tucked beside a dessert cafe. I was excited to try the beef supreme, which I was told good things about. It arrived sizzling on a hot plate...with an excessive amount of black pepper. After quickly trying to remove some of the pepper, and mixing the dish quickly as recommended, I found the overall taste kind of bland. Like it needed salt or more flavour (but not black pepper!). I wasn't impressed with the food, but it was a neat experience.笑
It aint pepper lunch!

But it will do! It is usually a 15 - 30 minute wait for a table during the dinner rush hour now that the hype has died down. The food usually comes out fast and the service is your regular mediocre type.

I usually get the sizzling plate rice - it comes with a bit of corn, a teriyaki like soy sauce and always always add cheese, its a $1.00 extra which I also think is too expensive for a small handful of bagged shredded cheese but it makes the experience that much better! I'd skip adding the garlic bits, it doesnt add anything to it.

The thin beef isnt bad, but I find you get more when you order the salmon for the same price, and the chicken and duck is also decent. I like to press my rice down after mixing it all together to really get a crisp bottom and the pan keeps the dish nice and hot and its just fun to mix everything together.

I've also tried the numbing spice spaghetti - which again I would skip because it was really oily. The regular tomato sauce was ok. The steak was ok as well (once was enough to try, not memorable and slightly over priced) it came with stir fried cabbage and corn with a bowl of rice on the side. I'd just stick to the rice dishes.笑
Unique.

Wait time wasn't too long. Service is ok. Place is clean. It's very hot inside when you sit close to the kitchen. For the price, the portion is not bad. But if you're a guy (or a girl that eats a lot)..You're definitely going to want to order a side dish of wings or some sort of appetizer. 

What I didn't like? One time the rice was not properly cooked so it came out hard. After mixing the rice and cooking it on the hot plate the rice got even harder. I didn't exactly enjoy the raw rice taste. Another time we came here the food was buried in oil. It was disgusting. 

What I love about this place is that their food is delicious and it's on a sizzling hot plate! Keeps the food warm all the way to the end. And their add ons! 

We come here quite often so we've tried:

Dinner: 
- Ox Tongue
- Supreme Beef
- Salmon Pasta

Lunch special:
- Japanese Curry with Udon (Beef) ($8.50)
- Atlantic Salmon Teppan Yaki-Rice ($7.99)
- Tom Yum House Special Chicken Yaki-Rice ($8.50)

My ultimate favourite: Ox Tongue
Bf's fav: Supreme Beef

Recommended drink: definitely try their Oolong Green Tea Latte笑
Had the duck breast with pepper sauce ! Recommended!!!!

Bad part- slow turnover and slow service笑
This place is awesome! Been here multiple times and have not been disappointed at all!

They've recently upgrade their menu so there's a lot more variety! 
Got their Tom Yum Grilled Chicken, Atlantic Grilled Salmon, Pork Dumplings and Molten Cheesey Hamburg! They were delicious! Everything was hot!! 

And wow at their Japanese desserts!! They have parfait, tirmisu, and lots of ice cream desserts!

If you've been thinking of coming, go! 
I recommend their speciality chicken dish if you go for the first time!!笑
Food: 4.5/5 
One of my favourite places to eat in Markham, definitely one of the best choices to eat at if you're at First Markham Place and want to have something a bit different and cheap

Loved the numbing spice pasta with duck  and the supreme beef. Especially good deals at lunch time (cheaper drinks, complimentary gyoza, and different flavours

Service: 3/5
Servers are often in a rush to serve food or other tasks, which is completely understandable, but all of the times I've went I had to wait more than 8 mins or more to get noticed, get the bill, etc. I think some of them just need to look up more and be more attentive of customers in their section. A few servers were also very stoic in disposition and did not smile once or make me feel very welcomed during my experience. That being said, I think this may have just been 1-2 people, the rest were very jovial. 

Overall: 4 

Good place, great food, minimum wait time even when there is a line, service isn't bad at all, just could be improved a bit to bring this venue to a 5 star rating :)笑
Nothing too special especially given the level of service. I am personally a big fan of hot plate meals and throw in Japanese you have my attention. While the presentation of the food is very gimmicky the food tastes ok only. Depending on which you decide you could literally end up with something that is just bland or something thats got too much taste. Some of the more safer bets are the Supreme Beef which is more than likely the picture you have seen which lead you to this place. Appetizers are meh and on the pricy side when you see them; their signature dusted wings are single bone (yes single bone) "wings". For the $8-9 I'd rather have some full wings to me 3 of those "wings" equate to 1 real wing. There is a up side to this, their awesome desert dishes. From looking at it seems like the owners really should be in the desert business you can judge for yourself my review will mainly be on their food. 

Hot plates - I would generally stick with the less saucier options staying away from the curry's etc. Either the plate isn't hot enough or the waitresses generally arent paying attention enough to bring the hot plate in time you end up with a hot plate that can barely cook the meat leaving you with meats that are uncooked which worries me a bit. Just make sure you start cooking the meats first but it becomes difficult when there is a thick sauce on the plate. Extras are where they get to up sell you here and are generally $$$ addon's but hey when you want a raw egg you want that raw egg.

Shabu Shabu - very plain you're a-typical shabu shabu on the more $$$ side of the spectrum. In my opinion there are much better options and variety's given the dollar spent especially when the soup base is rather bland. I would try it once but not really more than that I could literally pay a few dollars more for some real hot pot down the street. Same goes for Shabu Shabu the addon's are generally more $$$ after adding an extra item you could easily pay for ayce hot pot.

Service - this is where this place falls short. Either they are unable to comprehend giving numbers to patrons whom are waiting or simply just dont care. On the 3/5 trips I have been to Aka Teppan I have found angry customers complaining to deaf ears regarding how someone who literally just walked in off the street gets a table while there are at least 2 other parties waiting at the door? When patrons bring it up waitress' either disappear or pretend like they don't speak english. Management really needs to step in and take a look at how they are handling walk-ins and wait lines especially when its so disorganized. I have seen the manager walk by amidst these issues and just ignoring them. The last thing regarding the hot plates would be the efficiency in delivering the hot plate if its cold by the time it arrives its no good the food they are catering is only good when fresh having it sit by the kitchen waiting for the waitress' to play eenie meenie miney mo until they reach a decision on whom is bringing the dish out just doesn't cut it.笑
Went to this restaurant today and had the mix and match with chicken fillet and is ox tongue. I had the house special sauce and it tasted amazing! Would recommend everyone to try it out. 

The bad thing is that the portion is really small. If you are hungry I would recommend the salmon instead of ox tongue because you get really little of it. The chicken is quite big which is good.
 
In summary:
Taste 10/10
Presentation 10/10
Costumer service 9/10
Price 8/10
Portion 7/10笑
This place has good food~

Its definitely worth coming here for lunch~ You can get a special combo for $7.99, that comes with dumplings or soup ( you can choose ) and you can also order a drink for cheaper.

I did not order the lunch combo, instead i tried the house special chicken spaghetti for $9.50 and it was delicious!!! It was a hard decision to pick between the duck breast vs Chicken but now i am really looking forward  try the duck breast spaghetti next time i come again~

Overall food is delicious and service was so-so..笑
I've been to this location a few times, since sizzling hot plates are definitely one of my favourite kind of meals. There is a bigger variety of items to choose from compared to the downtown AKA since that location is newer than this one. 

For an appetizer we got the Chicken Wings with Wasabi Seasoning which were cut in half and served with sliced carrots. The wasabi powder that was sprinkled on top was really good!

Duck Breast Pasta with Herb Sauce - the herb sauce was recommended by the waiter and went really well with the dense, drier duck breast meat.

Supreme Beef Rice - one of my go-to's since when cooked it's not too dry or tough (as compared to the bland salmon and chewy duck breast) and it goes well with the flavours. Also, rice on hot plates have a better texture than spaghetti, in my opinion.

One plate in itself is close to $10 but keep in mind that it's not super filling.

Also, ask for a stamp card for loyalty perks. Every $20 spent you get a stamp which could accumulate to free food/drinks at Aka Teppan!  :)笑
Food: 2.5
Service: 2.5
Overall: 2.5

We ordered the lunch specials: Curry Beef Udon and Salmon Teppan.

I'll start with the food. It's not amazing, but it's not bad. I would suggest to skip the Curry Udon as it tastes the same as a box of Curry I buy at T&T (but at home, I use it only as a base and build flavour on it). I do like the Salmon Teppan though. 

Service is not horrible, but has room for improvement. Cups of water were not refilled, spoon dropped but no one came to assist for clean the floor or offer a new spoon. Other minor things include straws that are too short for glasses etc. 

Overall, not bad, but needs some improvement before I head back again.笑
Beware, this place fills up really fast, it is ideal to come here early as they don't take reservations. They have added the stamp card now. I can't remember what the rewards were, so I can't comment whether the stamp card is worth it or not.

-Roasted Ox Tongue - $5.99: The ox tongue itself was a bit dry, and it didn't taste like it was roasted or BBQ. I felt like they reheated it in the microwave, and put some sauce and peanuts on top. The sauce was overly sweet for a savory dish, and I believe the sweetness came from honey? It was nothing special and I don't recommend this dish at all.

-Supreme Beef Teppan Yaki Rice - $8.99: I recommend to cook the beef slices upon its arrival and mix the ingredients, as my friend once got raw beef because he mixed the ingredients first before letting the beef cook fully. The sauce itself is inside the rice, and it's like a teriyaki black pepper sauce. The sauce was a bit sweet with a kick of spiciness throughout the dish, but I would have like to have some more salt as I felt the dish itself was a bit bland

-Shrimp Teppan Pasta with Numbing sauce - $10.50: The pasta dishes are really oily. I think they put more oil in pasta than usual to stop the noodles from overcooking and dry up too fast? The shrimps were already pre-cooked and were not bland. Nonetheless, I enjoyed the dish and it wasn't as spicy as I expected. I remember the Tom Yum sauce was spicier so be careful!

-House special chicken with cream sauce Pasta - $9.50: Same as above. It's oily but the chicken was tender and flavorful, I definitely think this is much better than the beef. With that said, I don't recommend the cream sauce as it was bland and very light. 

-Traditional Herbal Hot Pot with Strip Loin set - $14.99: It's quite expensive for 5 pieces of meat, but my friend enjoyed it and she was quite full afterwards. 

-Baked Cheese Japanese Rice Cake - $5.99:  I can't remember exactly how it tastes, but I remember enjoying it. The rice cake was a bit salty and it's a very filling dish.

-Original Tiramisu - $5.99: The chocolate crumbles on top is like soil with a mini plant in a small clay pot. The portion was quite small for $6 and it didn't have the coffee and cream flavors of a tiramisu, quite disappointing. In my opinion, order this for the cute presentation (and a worthy instagram picture) but don't expect too much.

*Complain: The service is not very consistent. I remember having rude servers for one of my visit, whereas other time the servers were very nice and attentive. In addition, I remember they used to accept debit and credit, I don't understand why they only accept cash now. It's quite annoying that they don't accept other type of payments as the bill can get quite high (an average of $40 - $50 for 2 to 3 people respectively).笑
My first time here I had the beef with rice on the sizzling plate and it was very satisfying. It was very delicious. The restaurant itself is small and the service is at a good pace (when I went, it was somewhat busy). I look forward to going here again!笑
I think I had high expectations coming here due to positive reviews from my friends. I ordered the steak rice teppan, I found that the meat needs to be consumed immediately otherwise it becomes very tough and over cooked. My diner in crime had the duck spaghetti with black pepper sauce, that was pretty good though笑
The food is good. Kind of. It was better the first time because the rice was mushy the second. 

We ordered the add $3 option for salad and salmon head soup for one of the lunch sets. The salad came first and we ate it. Then the soup came..... took a sip and tasted no salmon at all. When we asked the server we were told that they "probably sold out of the salmon head soup". Considering it was only 1PM, that's highly unlikely. She offered to cancel the $3, so okay..... until we got to the bill and we were charged $1 for the salad. 

Service was crap. Attitude was so-so. We waited forever for a server to give us ice-cream. Speaking of which the menu says green tea or chocolate ice cream but they only had chocolate. As I write I'm still waiting for our ice cream. Really. 

Also the servers give you curt answers and don't even take the time to actually serve you. This is one of the times that the good food does NOT make up for the bad service. I was going to take my sister here but not anymore. Goodbye, Aka Teppan.笑
Horrible service, horrible food. The server didn't know a single thing about what they were serving, every question asked she had to run in to ask the kitchen or a supervisor. Yet, she never decided to bring a supervisor or manager over to easily answer our questions, nor did the manager make an appearance to answer our questions. They only had half their menu available, everything else was sold out. It was a Thursday afternoon at 12:30, there was one other table in the restaurant. We saw a poster of their cheese stuffed meatballs drizzled with more cheese sauce. It did not look anything like the picture. It was absolutely horrid. The meat balls were not that large, but still they managed to completely burn the outside, while leaving the middle raw! Their standard rice with protein on a sizzling pan was not good, we had the duck breast and beef. Both proteins were so tough, you need to pop it into the vitamix before it'll be edible. Highly do not recommend, I will never come back.