This is our "go to" place for Mexican cuisine. We eat there or get it to go. Always quick and always delicious. From the molé sauce to the "Pick Two" you just can't go wrong. Can't comment on the drink menu but the food menu has something for everyone. I'd give it a five except as much as I love guacamole I dislike onions. And their guac is full of onions.笑
Don Patron is my new go to place for Mexican food. The management of Luchitas should frequent their place and see first hand what makes then successful - from the top down. I'll only visit Luchitas if I'm walking downtown and want to get a drink.  Luchitas bar is much better but that's where it ends.笑
Great service, authentic Mexican fare with awesome margarita's .. Food was very good, Natalie was attentive and very genuine as our waitress.  Would come back again in a heart beat..笑
To say this place has the worst etiquette I have ever experienced at any restaurant, is putting it lightly.  Extremely overpriced, awful food, awful service, disgusting practices, arrogant, inept owners.   It seems it has been pointed out over and over again on this website how appalling this place is, and the horrible ways in which the OWNERS themselves handle situations.  It seems they have no respect for their business, their staff, and least of all their customers.  
Stay away; please do not contribute to keeping these scumbags in business.笑
Went there a few weeks ago !! Food was insipid !! Shrimp fajitas were cold and didnt even taste fresh !! We had a bad experience with the cooking per se and service was very mediocre !! The dinning area looked dirty and unkempt !! They did not meet my expectations !! I have had much better mexican dinning experience in other places !! Would not recommend it !!

DR MD笑
Food was awesome. Service great in the bar area. Needed more sauces with entrees though.笑
DO NOT EAT here!!! Terrible service!! Management...including owner was incredibly rude. We are even investigating the restaurant because our credit card information (as well as one member of our group) was stolen.笑
I was there about a year ago. Had a glorious beef chimichanga. The food was great, but my only complaint was the service. Now, maybe it was just because we were on the patio, but we waited at least 30-45 mins to get drink orders taken. It seems our waitress may have just left mid-meal also, so we had to keep asking various people for our checks by the end of it. Good food, but I wouldn't go back.

Oh! I almost forgot to mention: one of the most disgusting bathrooms I have ever seen. There was uh, "stuff" everywhere. Pretty nasty.笑
Luchita's is definitely different than other Mexican places around. Just because it's different doesn't mean it's bad. To the lady complaining about the burrito, the menu perfectly explains what you are getting: "a flour tortilla filled with your choice of shredded chicken, shredded beef, ground beef, refried bean, or vegetarian, then topped with melted cheese." It's not their fault you were expecting something different. If you look up traditional burritos, that is how they are made - flour tortilla, stuffed with meat or beans. Just because everyone is used to chipotle's burritos being filled with whatever your heart desires, it does not mean that's what you're going to get at an actual Mexican restaurant. (If you do want a big burrito filled with lots of stuff, they have one, too.) Luchita's is definitely a little more "Americanized" than other nearby restaurants but I prefer it. I don't feel sick when I'm done eating there. If you really want authentic Mexican, order some of their specialty dinners. Luchita's is one of the few restaurants around with chiles rellenos and empanadas. Delicious.笑
first time in dining area, seated in bar area last year - sat down with daughter to eat while in Hudson-went with intentions of spending money!  Seated where 2 other booths were finishing up - no one else in area but us.  TEN minutes to get asked about beverages.  Finally came back to get order, I asked about childrens menu; saw it online but not in menu given - sassy in telling me there wasn't any and its just a la carte items - the tone and attitude from young waitress killed my appetite - got kids ques for daughter - tasted like the ones I make at home, nothing Mexican about it.  Never asked what I wanted, never gave more chips or salsa, didn't refill drinks. Her ques came in 2 minutes, but not worth the $3 - had to go to cashier area to pay, never came back.  Never going again.  Sad, LOVE mexican food.  Get better staff.  Salsa good, chips needed salt.笑
Good Mexican is tough to find in NE OH. This place is mediocre at best. Mole sauce is awful. Waitress warned us to get it on the side because it's sweet and most don't like it. Boy was she right. Salsa is very good and guac is ok.笑
Although a different owner, food appears to be the same outstanding quality as the Lucita's on west 117th street. Of Cleveland.  The wet burrito is just to die for!  If you really want to be cool, order your burrito xmas style with half rojo and half verde sauce.   This is a term they use in the south west where I worked for the food network on some shows a while back.  I should also mention that I don't drink alcohol so food is my only focus.笑
Where do I begin? For starters, the food is mediocre, AT BEST. Nothing is very flavorful and my enchilada came out smothered in shredded cheese from a bag, as well as the cheese inside. I could have made it at home in my own microwave.

Also, I was verbally accosted by a family who clearly had too much to drink sitting next to me. The woman personally attacked my friend's appearance, simply because we had given them the stink eye ( they were tickling their 3 year old incessantly, causing her to shriek very loud.) That is fine if they want to go home and carry on like that, but I personally do not want to be seated at dinner having to listen to a shreiking child and witness horseplay. They then attacked our age and simply because I am in my early 20's assumed I was in college. When I told them I was not even in college, they told me maybe I should be. I graduated two years ago....

Getting off topic, the man whom I thought was the manager on duty turned out to be the owner and stood back and did nothing when he found out what had transpired. No apology, no comforting to my crying friend, NOTHING. It was obvious that just because we were younger meant no respect or empathy. 

When I had gotten home and called him to express my concern at his lack of diffusing the situation, he told me there was nothing he could say and next time he would "try to be a better person next time." I'm smart enough to distinguish a condescending and patronizing tone when I hear one and believe me, his was one of them. 

Needless to say, I will not be going back. Ever.笑
For the price and location you are not going to find a better Mexican restaurant. I went here for years however I've since moved away but went her the other week and am happy to report that it's just as good as always.笑
"Mexican inspired" is more accurate. The salsa was good, the service was bad. The entrees were mediocre and what we ordered was soggy. Asked for No cheese on the entree, it came with plenty of cheese. 

The atmosphere has promise, but the execution was lacking. I can't recommend this place, as much as I'd like to. If they had better servers, and a better kitchen it might be a destination.笑
I've been to a lot of Mexican restaurants, and Luchitas is one of my favorite. The food is always fast, flavorful and reasonably priced. Some of my favorite dishes are the pollo tinga, the tacos Mexicanos and the flautas. It's hard to find a restaurant in this category that can deliver such fast service while maintaining fresh, quality ingredients. Luchitas does it.  

As for seating, I'd recommend the bar - which has several large, flat-screened TVs perfect for watching games - or the patio, which is a casual, sun-drenched area. 

Lastly, I have to mention that the skinny margaritas are the best.笑
Came here with a group of work colleagues for a team dinner.

Décor was nice and it had a cool ambiance, sadly that was as good as it got.

I ordered a dinner portion of ceviche expecting a traditional seafood dish with lime, cilantro, avocado and onion. Instead it came out in a thick red sauce and the shrimp and calamari were obviously not allowed to marinate in lime juice but were precooked and tossed into the ketchup flavored nastiness they called ceviche.

I tried a piece of one person's seafood quesadilla and it was inedible, the shrimp being rubbery and unflavorful. 

I also tried a piece of another's empanadas whose dough was gummy and undercooked.

No one of the 7 of us finished our meal.

The service was good but they really need to do something about the horrific food.笑
Luchita's has been good to me in the past. But tonight was different. We rolled in about 8:40, just for some beers. When a friend was hesitating when deciding whether or not to order food, (kitchen closes at 9) the bartender provided helpful insight. "If you order food under 10 minutes before the kitchen closes, the chefs will spit in your food." We laughed at the age-old joke. But she insisted on making us grasp the reality of the statement. "No, seriously they will really spit in your food because they get here at like 8am and when it's time to go they are really ready to go." I of course, decided not to order food. And every bite of salsa I took tasted just a little gooier. Otherwise she provided really amazing service.笑
I can't get enough of the Nachos Luchitas - amazing platter full of all the meats and the cheese is perfect! Add some habanero sauce (ask for it) and its perfection. Portion is so large you will have leftovers.笑
Food was good portions and was delicious, but Bar service was pretty bad. Bartenders stood there and talked while we waited 10 minutes to be served drinks and another 15 minutes to order food笑
Great place to get some Mexican food.  It's hard to find shredded beef, as well as chimichangas, but this place does both so I'm sold.  Great cheese sauce, chips, and a hint of spice in the salsa.  Very inexpensive, great food, and amazing service.笑
I love this place, skinny girl margaritas are where it's at so you can use most of your calories on the stuff that matters like chips and dip. The guac is 'you need a fork because your chip is going to break its so chunky' good. I had the veggie enchiladas which I highly recommend. The only reason this place gets a 4/5 is because I only got two enchiladas and another time I got three.笑
Worst mexican food ever! I order fajitas and not sure what i received. It was not edible. Looked more like soup. The chicken was cold and way too much liquid. Looked more like stir fry with a side of baby poo. Normally fajitas come and you have to assemble them but i am pretty sure this was lartially digested already. I took two bites and could not bring myself to eat any more. Absolutely inedible!笑
I will most likely come back here.  The service was great despite them being super busy and understaffed.  The house made chips and salsa were excellent.  The salsa was a tiny bit spicier than standard Mexican restaurant table salsa--Beardyman and I both liked this.  It was by no means spicy salsa--it just had a bit more than nothing.
He got the beef fajitas.  I was impressed.  The vegetables were not overcooked and looked like they had actually been seasoned.  He said that they were the best fajitas he has had since we moved here (aside from my home-made ones of course!).
I ordered the ceviche.  What they brought me was not actually ceviche but it was alright.  There was a generous amount of shrimp and calamari, fresh tomatoes, and lots of lime juice but it was all drenched in a sweet tomato sauce.  I wasn't bad but it wasn't what I was expecting when I ordered ceviche.  The menu description of the ceviche didn't mention the tomato sauce.

We will definitely be back.  I liked that they had ten or so veggie options including salads, fajitas, and burritos.  The vegetables appeared to be well seasoned and not overcooked which is a rare thing among the mediocre Mexican fare that NEO mostly offers.笑
Always avoided based on the terrible reviews and the fact that I'm not a huge fan of this cuisine. 

Our children raved about their tacos from the Taste of Hudson outdoor food fest. We brought them back as requested.

Parking is tight at the First & Main development but we lucked out in finding a front spot. 

Inside we were seated immediately in a large open dining room, that was stylish, they had some cool lighting at the bar area, something that fascinated our youngest child.

We were seated but waited a while for chips & salsa, something the hostess could have easily grabbed off the open shelf next to the hostess stand.

The menu is very small, something I like, as most Mexican restaurants have pages and pages of endless options. Here they keep it rather simple.

Our server was friendly, knowledgable of the menu and was great with refills, couldn't ask for better service.

The chips were tasty with a very mild salsa, perfect amount of salt.  Only to be enhanced with a queso dip that was perfect.  It was even served in a big appetizer bowl, a plus as it's annoying when other places give you a tiny little sample dish.

I had a Tacos Mexicano ($13.99/Sept 2013).  Three tiny crispy taco shells with a choice of chicken or beef.  Both meats were shredded. The dish was a big lop of lettuce and completed with rice and beans.

In general, I liked it, especially as someone that doesn't like the traditional mom & pop Mexican joints.  The kind that occupy some former fast food joint or a former Denny's and the kind that try to hide the B & C health grades on the windows.  This place was immaculate.  Very clean, not too fancy but not so simple that you couldn't entertain friends or business colleagues. 

I'm rounding up and giving a 3.5 review a 4 as I think they put in a good effort and they're stuck with reviews from folks that like the typical Mexican joints that I would hate.笑
The other reviews are all true. Food is great, but service is one of the worst. We walked in and felt unwanted and ignored. Finally got addressed and seated and didn't have our waitress come back to attend to us for a LONG while, even though she walked past plenty of times. We tried to grab her but were unsuccessful. She eventually came around and we ordered drinks & food together (since we waited so long). When the food came out we still didn't have our drinks. She said the bartender was slammed but it felt like the waitress just forgot to pick them up. That stunk cause we had to sit around after dinner for a while trying to finish our drinks vs enjoying them during the long wait. Some food details were wrong-she blamed the kitchen not herself. 

Bottom line: food good, skinny margarita delish. However, you can get that elsewhere with genuine service and an establishment that's excited to have you as a patron! This is Hudson, they need to get it together cause it's a prime location in the heart of the area!笑
Before my most recent visit, I would have given Luchita's 4 stars for sure.  I've been here many times for lunch and have always had good service and good food.  I especially love their chicken tortilla soup and amazing salads.

I stopped in for dinner last night during happy hour, and again had good service and good food.  However, my disappointment was from the bait-and-switch specials advertised on their website.  It says $.99 beef, chicken, or veggie tacos on Tuesdays and 50% off appetizers during happy hour.  It turns out that the Taco Tuesday deal is actually 3 tacos for $6, 3 taco minimum, must all be the same.  And the "veggie" tacos are refried or black beans.  When a Mexican restaurant says "veggie," I am thinking peppers, onions, etc. because they usually say "beans" when they mean beans.  Not that the taco deal that they offer is a bad one, but it's significantly less of a deal than what they advertise on their website.  And the appetizers are discounted for happy hour, but not by 50%.

I've been a loyal repeat customer of their Hudson location for years, and this probably won't stop me from returning, but it certainly lowers my opinion of their establishment.笑
We waited an hour and a half to eat sub-par, pricey Mexican food. I hated the taste of the tortilla. My taco was wet from the grease of the meat, so it was basically inedible. The wait staff  weren't  very helpful....only came to check on us once. The guacamole was good, just too expensive. I thought it would come with my meal free as a side, but when I got my bill they charged me for it! An extra $7 on top of the $13 taco plate. Definitely not worth the money or time....I won't be returning.笑
Nice selection, beans are not fried in lard.  There is a nice patio when the weather is good.  Margaritas are excellent.笑
I am sorry. I have never written a review like this before, but feel I need to now. This was the absolute worst dining experience I have had in many years (and I eat out several times a week.)

Arrived at 10pm and were told before anything else, the kitchen closes at 10:30, okay fair enough. So we quickly order drinks, appetizers and entrees. 

I was driving, so I asked for s Coke.  Not a flat Coke like I received, but a regular Coke. My wife ordered a pomegranate Cosmo, but what she got was basically a couple shots of "well liquor" with a drop of juice. It was completely in drinkable.  Vodka is actually my favorite liquor and I could not take more than a sip of this turpentine.  I mean, it was the absolute worst drink I have ever had. 

Next, our entrees arrived, (notice there is no mention of our appetizers yet.)  I had ordered a "slow cooked shredded pork" meal, but what I got was a big chunk of pork that I needed to saw through. The flavor was nice, but it was not slow cooked or shredded. 

After a while, our server was walking up to random tables with our appetizers asking if they had ordered them. Eventually she made it to our table and we just accepted them. I ordered a "puréed" chipotle chicken soup (which sounded amazing on the menu.). What I got was a tomato paste with chunks of chicken so big, I had to cut them with a knife and fork. 

When the meal was through (with very little actually eaten) we asked for the check. We were told ONLY THEN, that they could only accept cash OR would have to WRITE our credit card information on a piece of paper to have processed later. Now look, I have been in the financial industry for over twenty years, (15 of which was credit card specifically,) I understand the likelihood of my number getting out is basically non existent and I am fully aware of the zero fraud liability policies of banks, so I don't care if they publish my account on the Internet (which obviously they wouldn't.)

The problem I have is, they waited until the end of the meal when we had no other choice.  It was a poor decision made to avoid losing business. In my opinion, it was nothing less then deceitful. 

Lastly, as we were leaving the restaurant, we saw how filthy it actually was. The floor of the dining room obviously have not been vacuumed at all that night and in the middle of the vestibule, there was a pile of dirt, a dust pan and a broom that looked like it was just let drop there. What was missing, was someone actually cleaning. We have no idea how long these things had been sitting there, but it was filthy. 

In short, I will absolutely never return to this establishment and consider it an embarrassment to First and Main in Hudson.笑
Taco Tuesday is a good deal for mediocre tacos. Buy a drink, and then get $1 soft or hard Tacos.

Overall Ok place. I'd certainly go again on a Tuesday!笑
Excellent guacamole, though I'd add a little salt. Salsa and chips (gratis) will have wide appeal, fresh and flavorful, if mild. Frozen margaritas and sangria both very good. Seafood quesadillas only slightly above average, but chipotle shredded chicken with chorizo and avocado fajitas are exceptional. Good service, pleasant dining room. Recommend!笑
Very disappointing. Even more disappointing if you're familiar with the quality of other Luchita's locations.

I could always count on excellent taste and service at the Luchita's on W. 117th in Cleveland (and a now-closed operation in Mentor). The menu went past the usual AmeriMex to include more authentic choices.

Went to the Hudson Luchita's on a Thursday evening. With the restaurant half-full, I was led past many empty tables to a spot right next to the (cold-leaking) window. Service was brusque. Menu was more limited than the others, which wasn't promising.

The cheese-and-poblano tamales were odd. Two tamales, one covered with red sauce and one with green, but slopped together so the sauces mostly blended. The red-sauced tamale had a very thin vein of filling, perhaps shoelace-sized, with a few shreds of poblano and threads of cheese. I had to go through 80% of the length of the other one before I finally found two shreds of pepper and a small glob of cheese; most of it was just cornmeal all the way through. Dry cornmeal.

My main course was the tinga de pollo, which was one of my faves from Mentor. But when I lifted a forkful of this tinga, I revealed a deep pool of watery liquid. The chicken itself was extremely salty, masking other flavors.

A minor point, but the waitress did that annoying thing where, when you agree to a water refill, she whisks away your half-full glass and you have to wait for her to putter around the other tables before you finally get it back. And then she stuck it at the far end of the table from me -- literally up to the edge.笑
Stopped  in for a drink prior to a concert at Blossom. Wow, fantastic  tequila selection. Bar staff friendly and engaging.  We tried two flights. Both were good. Good presentation of the flights. Did not eat so can not grade the food. The chips and salsa were average. A MUST GO PLACE IF YOU ARE INTO TEQUILA笑
Not very good service. I paid 15 dollars for "chicken fajitas" and there was hardly any chicken on my plate. Don't get me started on presentation. It was horrendous. Wouldn't recommend to people who love Mexican food. Very disappointing.笑
Love it!!! Mango Marg was great! Ceviche best I have ever had!  Fajita salad superb!!!笑
Service was fast and friendly. Food was fresh and served in a very timely manner. Couldn't ask for more from an apple empanada!笑
Rating this restaurant one star may be too generous. I went to Luchita's in hopes of a nice, relaxing lunch; however, it was just the opposite. The service was horrendous, the management may have been even worse, and the food was sub par. We waited 20 minutes for our drinks and even longer for the food, all while we were one of the only tables in the restaurant. At one point we actually walk around to try to find service. We were then overcharged for our meal with no compensation or even apology when brought to management's attention. I would not go back to Luchita's even if it were the last restaurant in the world. 

*also, the guacamole was reminiscent of cement*笑
Luchitas was known for bringing REAL mexican food to the Cleveland area.  Now their menu has been americanized a bit to cater to all of the families that visit their restaurant with young childeren.  

The Hudson location has a nice bar and excellent service.  If you can come during the week, there are some nice bar specials.

The salsa is great but the rest is similar to any other Mexican restaurant.  I gave it 3 stars because the friendly staff does a great job. The food only warrants 2 stars.笑
This is the best Mex in the area!  Very fresh and the food is come out hot, not cold on a hot plate.笑
So, this is a place to grab a quick bite of Mexican food. The food is decent: Not great, but not bad either, Although it does come out of the kitchen surprisingly quick, which leads me to  believe, as others have said, much of it might be microwaved. It doesn't matter. It's good for what it is. As for the service, it's mediocre at best: Half-interested on a good day, subtly hostile on a bad one. As for the music, I don't need to hear "If you're horny, let's do it, ride it, my pony" while I'm eating a plate of burritos with my family. Get real. Maybe I'll return.笑
Used to be great.  My first few trips here were simply glorious.  Sadly it has become just awful.  The food and the service have just dropped off.  I have not been in a couple months.  Perhaps they will get their act together and bring back some flavorful food.

P.S. the chimmys are always cold in the middle now. :(笑
Our goto Mexican restaurant in the Hudson/twinsburg/Macedonia area.  Management is friendly and food is great.  I have had several seafood platters that were excellent.   Their margaritas are also excellent.   You will find a wait on weekend nights but you can walk around downtown Hudson until you receive a text that your table is ready.  Atmosphere is nice,  with dim lighting and a beautiful bar in the middle of the area.笑
Came here for lunch on Friday and the place was empty so we were seated right away. The service was fast and the food was good. I ordered the chicken fajita salad with the sour cream and guac on the side with the house made dressing. The salad had such good flavor from the chicken that I didn't even need any dressing on it. I wished I would have gotten the taco salad ( my mom got it) because the chicken fajitas made my lettuce a little soggy so I primarily ate the chicken, which I didn't mind because I stuffed my face with chips and salsa before hand. My moms salad looked bomb and she said it was awesome. 

We ordered a pitcher of skinny margaritas, which were flavorful and strong. 

The chips were ok- nothing special, but I enjoyed that the salsa had a little bit of a kick to it. We also ordered an bowl of guac, which was good but a little too chunky for my liking. It also seemed to have chunks of lettuce in it which I found odd. 

I'm giving this 3 stars because I adore Mexican food and will always compare it to chipotle, "dirty Mexican" restaurants and my favorite Mexican place in Charlotte. I would come back here, but I wouldn't crave it or have it as my first suggestion for Mexican food in the area.笑
I have grown to love Mexican food over the years. What sticks out to me about this place was the subtle acidity in everything ordered. I love sour/vinegar/citrus flavors! So that is what makes this place stand out to me. Also I was able to chow down on their pleasant patio on a breezy but balmy summer day.  Parking was easy too, especially in the off food rush  hours that we went. I will be back to try margaritas soon, fingers crossed. If you find your self here, do yourself a favor and order the crab appetizer!!笑
The veggie fajitas were so highly salted that I would not be able to return to this restaurant.  Very disappointing. My husband's burrito contained chorizo that was too shredded and too spicy , and the potatoes had little flavor. The lettuce was placed inside the burrito and was  therefore soggy.  The rice was too chewy. Salsa served with chips was very good.笑
After going here numerous times, we've concluded that the food is boring and lacking flavor. Go for the queso and margaritas. Skip the dinner.笑
I wish I lived closer to Luchita's - well, I guess I live close to A luchita's but not this one. The hudson location is much better than the cleveland one. And, it's probably a good thing I don't live closer, or I'd be about 50 lbs heavier!! I've been to this location multiple times in the past few months and I have to say, it's one of my favorite mex restaurants in NEO. Love their chips and salsa. Their queso is wonderful too!! 

If you're in the mood for margs, I'd definitely recommend getting the margarita flight. You get a sampler of three margaritas of the bartender's choice - and by sampler I mean a glass of each. Get a few amongst your friends and t's a great way to try margs and an even greater way to get tipsy fast.

I love sitting out on the patio in the summer, but inside is just as good in the winter. The waiters/waitresses are all super friendly and on slow days when they have time, fun to talk to. I've never had a trip there with poor service and like I said, I've been about 6 times between July and last week. 

I fell in love with their cheese and potato enchiladas, so basically never steer away from it when I go. It's so different from other mexican restaurants and I was a bit hesitant to try it the first time around, but the waitress highly recommended it and I haven't looked back since! It's basically a pureed blend of potato, spinach, etc (the two things I can actually see) which is mixed with cheese. I got the mole sauce once but didn't like the sweet flavor so have gotten the enchiladas with the red sauce ever since.... LOVE....

I also love the area that Luchita's is in. SUPER cute - First and Main. Parking can suck if it's a weekend or weeknight, but you'll eventually find a spot- Just keep swimming... food is worth it :)笑
Unlike most Mexican places, the rice and refried beans are vegetarian but the black beans are not!

It's a Mexican place without obvious Mexican people but the food it slightly above average and it's a little more upscale.笑
Disappointed! I've heard for years that Luchita's is arguably the best Mexican in Cleveland. I have tried many Mexican restaurants and enjoyed most of them, so I was looking forward to my 1st visit with my family to Luchita's. I was surprised to find Ceviche on the menu, so I ordered it for an appetizer and was really excited about that. At every Mexican restaurant I go to, I typically always order the Carnitas for the entree, so I did just that. First, the Ceviche ($10) came out in a cocktail glass as some sort of dip. I was looking forward to a salad. Very disappointed! Second, my Carnitas came. It was swimming in a pool of watery sauce on my plate, with a side of rice and refried beans. It tasted like it was boiled with very little spices or marinade. Very bland. I am used to the baked/fried carnitas that are crispy in some areas. Very bland. Very disappointing. My wife ordered the chicken fajita salad and she said that the chicken was also very bland. Overpriced and terrible food. 

The only positive things I can say is that the space and location is nice, the wait staff was nice, and the kids menu is cheap. Other than that, we won't be coming back again.笑
If you love bland over priced Mexican  American food you'll love this place. The service was good they had a nice selection of tequila. However the menu was very disappointing and very over priced.  They did not have any options for people who love spicy food. Most of their sauces tasted like sweet marinara. Pretty much any other cheap Mexican joint would be way better.  And really the only authentic Mexican place in the area is taqueria ranchero in Akron.笑
Stopped in for a Friday evening dinner. Service was slow throughout and the food was sub-par. Drinks came out about 15 minutes after we ordered them (2 beers, nothing fancy). We ordered and the food came out in a reasonable amount of time. My wife ordered a vegetarian dish but received a chicken dish instead. I ordered the Tequila Lime Pollo and it was served over tortilla chips. The first few bites were okay, but it quickly became too salty and the chips like mushy cereal because of the soupy consistency of the dish, which was unexpected. Our server said she'd removed my wife's dinner since it had to be remade. It came out in a reasonable amount of time but our server took a long time to come back to us to check in before we could report the error, not to mention I was about finished with my dinner when the remade dish came out. Upon receiving the check both dinners were charged at full price. I asked if she said she'd removed my wife's dinner charge but the server was referring to the erroneous first dish. DUH! Of course we aren't paying for the incorrect item. Anyway she proceeds to tell us she'll see if she can take 50% off the dish. Upon returning she informs us it's the restaurant policy to give a max of 20% discount and asks if that's okay. 

Overall a poor service and dining experience. We waited too long for drinks and follow up on drink refills. Also our server may have been new / seasonal, but she shouldn't have first offered to remove the dish from our check then to offer 50% off, only to realize policy dictates 20%. Luchita's is okay for afternoon beers and chips at the bar, but I won't be back for food.笑
Looking for a perfect Mexican restaurant? Found one! For starters, we like to eat late on the weekends. 10:30 PM, is our start time for dinner. Luchita's stays open until midnight.
The Hostess greeted us and was very friendly, as she seated us in a back corner.
I ordered the Cheese Enchiladas. Portions are very liberal.
The dinner comes with rice and vegetarian beans. The meal was so appealing. It also came out within 7 minutes.The flavoring was just right. The Waitress was so friendly and helpful.
The atmosphere was great. Even though the bar crowd was very alive, the wall between the bar and the dining area was great for acoustics. We could talk without having to raise our voices. In the summer months, they also have a perfect patio outside.College kids and 20-30 something's love to regroup here. But Hudson neighbors also abound. The meal for  2 was 26.00.
There is something for everyone on the menu And the menu has a glossary of terms,
How refreshing!
Here is the icing on the cake, as we were leaving, the Owner came out to thank us for coming in. I loved the care, the food and service here! This is a perfect Mexican restaurant. It has everything you could ask for in a Mexican Restaurant.
P.S. the Salsa is great and has a punch to it!笑
The lady friend and I were in the mood for some Mexican this weekend and decided to try this place out. I had never heard of it and nor had she. When I saw it on Yelp I thought that the atmosphere looked to be a significant step up from most other Mexican restaurants in the area and we weren't disappointed when we arrived, however, the disappointments started shortly there after. 

-No one checked on our table after we were seated for nearly ten minutes. (Not even for water or drinks and we were sitting outside in the heat). 

-Service was TERRIBLE. The wait staff checked in on us once after we received our food. Our drinks sat empty for 15 minutes. I tried to stop our waitress as she walked by and she completely ignored me. 

-The food was bland overall.

-When we were finished I had to flag someone on the waitstaff for our check, who wasn't even our waitress, who brought over the checks, then our waitress came back by to pickup the tip.

Not too sure if it was the specific waitress we had or what, but she seemed really disengaged with the whole idea of just helping us as people, much less provide good customer service. 

Really really disappointing.笑
Dear Mr. Luchita,
As a regular contributor to Yelp, I usually like to give an establishment a couple of tries before I post my critique.  My first experience at Luchita's was 6 years ago, and because it was not quite stellar, we thought we'd give you some time to get it right. Time's up!   

I am a corporate trainer who  works with caregivers to improve their skills in providing patients with a positive experience.  I suggest your employees could use some training in dealing with the public!

First, upon entering, we were looked at as though we were intruders. "Oh God, we've got customers."  Come on, this is Hudson!  You can do better than that!

Second, I wouldn't exactly call your employee D******** a "Server" as service is not what she gave us!  With only 3 tables occupied at 5 pm on a Friday night with a handful of servers on staff, she seemed more interested in hiding in the back room than she did doing her job.  The lack of attention is a clear indication of management in absentia!

We had to seek service from a couple other employees to get one water refill for my husband ... and the bill. Another server filled my husband's glass. Eventually D***** delivered the check, pitching it onto the table from a distance of 4 feet..with her back turned, muttering something under her breath like, "There you go."   She should try for the Minor Leagues, for a server she is not!  

At least she warned us about the dangerously hot dish delivered within 3 minutes of our order, meaning one thing--- microwaved food!  The order was accurate, the food, and particularly the sauce, was lackluster with a finish of industrial, the music was New Age!  Come on...how about some Mariachi with our prepackaged entrees?

Needless to say, what a disappointment--Especially considering your location!  Guess that's why I don't know anyone who has darkened your door since we visited the last time.  

PS. The Sangria was tasty!笑
I am visiting from Florida. Ate at Luchitas and was pleasantly surprised after seeing the negative reviews. The food was delicious, just good basic Mexican comfort food. Margaritas were excellent. I liked the Luchitas nachos. The wet burrito was good, just a little salty. Margaritas were excellent. Also appreciated the inexpensive $2 kid meals (my kids like cheese quesadillas which really do not cost much to make). Service was attentive and friendly.笑
Well, I just left after sitting for 15 minutes without even an acknowledgment from any of the numerous servers much less even taking a drink order. During that time, I watched literally every table around me receiving drinks and food, two of which were seated after we were. I began to wonder if I was invisible. Needless to say, I left and went across the street.笑
fair margaritas (if you order the premium ones), below average food.  Nothing at all like the original Luchita's on w. 117th笑
This place has pretty good Mexican food for being in the Midwest. I like their chips and salsa. The mole sauce is pretty good. The tortillas they use are not freshly made and they are American tortillas, which makes a huge difference in taste. I don't like their rice at all. It has a funny taste to it. it almost tastes like it stored in plastic bins , I taste some kind of weird plastic or chemical in the rice every single time I go. I don't think they cook the food fresh to order because it comes out of the kitchen so fast. 
The blended margaritas are very good. I am Mexican so my Mexican food standards are high. This place is just ok.笑
Food is very far from being authentic Mexican and is mostly bland with hardly any flavor. I got the chicken enchiladas with red sauce and the meat was very tough. Margaritas weren't bad. The atmosphere is nice but doesn't feel like a Mexican restaurant. Our service was just ok, I felt a little rushed by our waitress. Overall I wouldn't recommend, bad food and just ok atmosphere.笑
I am almost hesitant to write this becasue I don't want it to get too crowded. First, when it originally opened, it was bad. Overpriced, bland, the works. However, with the arrival of a new part owner and a revitalization of the menu and prices, it's become the best Mexican restaurant in Hudson. The chips and salsa are delicious, dollar tacos on Tuesday are a must have, and the atmosphere is fantastic.笑
I went there last night and we asked for margaritas on the rocks. Very sour for my taste or I would have had more. Maybe if you specify one of their 100 tequila options it might have been much better. I ordered a beef burrito. It was literally hot seasoned ground beef in a tortilla. Nothing inside at all. I would have expected cheese, lettuce, vegetables, etc. I suppose the cheap price prohibits making it a really good option. I am guessing that there are better items on the menu. If you told me I have to go back and have the same items I would definitely pass. The saving grace was that the server was friendly and prompt. Kaetlyn did a good job on ensuring we had everything we needed. It is a pretty small dining area and loud so probably go early or later if you want a relaxing Mexican food kind of dinner night. If not, prepare to eat and leave. Not a good place to relax and have a few cocktails. Thanks笑
Consistently great food, inconsistent service. 

A friend of mine told me about this place, and my husband and I fell in love with it. I've also introduced this place to many of my friends and they love it almost as much as I do. 

Let's start with the food: 

It's amazing. The table salsa is fresh, delicious and has an amazing flavor. The enchiladas will knock your socks off, and the black beans are out of this world. 

Ordering ahead and getting food to go is hit or miss. Many times I've not checked my food before I left, got all the way home (it's a 20-25 minute drive) and it's not even what I ordered. I definitely check my food now. 

The service... is very inconsistent and you either have a great server, or they're absolutely terrible. I bear through it because of the food, to be honest. Tonight's service was terrible, and I never got a refill on my water, or checked on when my food was ran. It's also not even busy, so I'm not sure where my server has been all night. Lol

4/5 for the food.笑
Awful food, terrible management and atmosphere. Only thing good about this place was how lovely our waitress was.  

Doesn't even deserve 1 star.笑
Luchita's was a huge disappointment. The food quality was very poor.  I ordered tacos and chicken fajitas.  My 6 year old held up her taco and said , "mommy look." grease was pouring out of the taco so much so that her plate was filled with grease. I showed the waitress by picking up the taco as more and more grease poured out. In sheer disbelief she said nothing and walked away.  Trust me Taco Bell is a hundred times better!  On my way out after expressing to another waitress how bad the food was' she said "they just didn't drain the meat." Poor quality food, poor service.笑
My husband and I went to Luchita's this past weekend and thoroughly enjoyed our meal. We ordered the crabcake appetizer and the nachos.

The crab cakes were delicious. They were served alongside a bed of salad which had a sweet-vinegar dressing that complimented the crab cakes perfectly. Really, really good. We had originally tried the crab cakes at Taste of Hudson, and loved them, so we definitely wanted an order of those.

The nachos were fantastic. I am not kidding, they were some of the best nachos we've ever had. Big crispy tortilla chips piled high with a really tasty blend of shredded cheeses, chicken, sausage, refried beans, tomatoes, jalapenos, sour cream and guacamole. We couldn't finish it all. I wish we could - it tasted so good. The chips were nice and crispy, perfect amount of salty-ness, and the cheese, chicken, beans and sausage were served bubbly hot, and topped with tomatoes and cold sour cream and guacamole. Perfect blend of crispy and creamy, hot and cold. Excellent! 

Our server was very nice, and we were seated pretty quickly for a Friday night. They were very busy, and the place seemed pleasant and clean. Had a "fun" vibe ... Lots of people talking and laughing .... Multiple TVs on in the bar area with various sports games on.


Overall, we really enjoyed our meal, our service was good, and the environment seemed clean, up to date, welcoming and happy. 


We will absolutely be back!  :)笑
I had the best enchilada of my life at Luchita's.  It's surprisingly hard to find enchiladas with a verde sauce in Cleveland - at least in a restaurant that doesn't make me uncomfortable with crazy decorations. Or one that doesn't cook everything in pork fat.

Overall? Good food.  Free chips and salsa.  Fast service.  Lots of vegetarian options.  More margaritas than one person could conceivably drink in one sitting. It's definitely worth checking out.  There are multiple locations around Cleveland.笑
The chimichangas were alright, not bad. Guacamole was pretty fake-tasting and bland, salsa was disappointing as well. Chips were unenjoyable. The rice looks like bad fried rice from a Chinese food court and tastes not quite as good.笑
When we came to OH 14 years ago we were starving for Great mexican but willing to settle for good. The original Luchita's on 117th was a scary looking place but the food was SO authentic. UNfortunately, the Hudson franchise is nothing close. 

While the room is much nicer looking than the one on 117th, the food is VERY disappointing. The enchiladas were limp and soggy yet the chicken tasted very dried out. The guacamole is very pasty and was browning from sitting around too long. Unless you want to pay too much for a premium margarita, you get something that must come from a machine and tastes like any other chain. Beyond their control but the bees in the summer always make sitting outside a huge hassle.笑
We just had a very mediocre meal with very poor service.  I feel that we wasted our time and money.  We are all (a table of 7) very sorry that we chose this restaurant for dinner.  We should have known not to stay when we walked in the dining room and saw how dirty it was.笑
Go for drinks and chips and their queso dip. Skip the food - average at best. No flavor, nothing special. This is our conclusion after about 2 years of sporadically eating here.笑
Drinks were ok, food didn't look that appetising (but then again, did just return recently from Mexico).笑
My friend and I picked this place for dinner, knowing nothing about it other than it served Mexican. Everything we ordered was delicious, and our server was friendly and attentive. The place itself looked kind of haphazard and messy in terms of cleanliness, and there's only one stall for each bathroom.笑
We went to Luchita's at around 8 on a Thursday evening and there were almost no other people there which really surprised me. We were seated right away and brought chips and salsa immediately. The salsa was delicious! I wish the chips were warm but that's being a bit nit-picky since they were still crunchy and the perfect vehicle for the salsa. We also ordered queso dip which had large chunks of tomatoes and veggies in it for a nice thick consistency.  While we decided what to order, we got a pitcher of frozen margaritas... We opted for a mango strawberry swirl which was very sweet and refreshing, not to mention beautiful! For my entree, I ordered shredded chicken flautas which came with a side of rice and refried beans... Definitely makes for 2 meals as the flautas are enormous and there are 2 on the plate! They are nice and crispy on the edges and soft in the middle, and the guacamole is excellent (very creamy).  I didn't care for the beans... A little too sweet for my taste, but the rice made up for them as it was very flavorful.  By this point I was completely stuffed, but someone decided to order the fried ice cream for our party to split, and honestly it was the very best part of the meal.  The presentation was lovely with fresh fruit and drizzled chocolate and caramel around the plate, and the dish itself was everything fried ice cream should be; crisp on the outside with a beautiful shell around a ball of creamy vanilla... Heavenly!笑
Meh...

The menu is meager but the drinks are good.  Don't order the chicken enchiladas as while they ARE shredded well, there are no onions or peppers in the middle and NO seasoning, just lots and lots of dry-ish pollo.

The red enchilada sauce is peppery and pretty bad tasting.  They even *charged* us 50 cents for some in a small cup for the kids to dip their chips in and it was too spicy anyway.  Nice! :-/

My fajita chicken salad was quite good, actually.  The refined beans as other reviewers pointed out are VERY good, but the rice is from a bag and bland and even borderline undercooked/crunchy.  A message to the owners: authentic Mexican rice (visit allrecipes.com) is VERY easy to make with like 6 or 7 ingredients and takes about 30 minutes!!  NO EXCUSE for using a pre-prepared or bagged mexican rice mix.

The guacamole was also good, but overall our meal was over-priced for the food they were serving - and the service itself was mediocre at best.笑
My boss gave me a gift card for Luchita's as a graduation gift when I completed my master's program. I was super excited to try it since she raved about it and a few other people had told me great things. Needless to say I wasn't too impressed. I ordered the beef empanadas and my sister ordered the pork with onions. In my opinion the food didn't have that authentic Mexican flavor and lacked a lot of seasoning. Another thing that kind of bothered me was how quickly the food came out after we ordered. Made me wonder if what we were getting was being made fresh... Drinks were good and service was good.笑
Best quesadilla I've had. The Complimentary Chips and salsa were really good too! The waitresses are extremely friendly! I am a frequent luchitas goer and the staff has come to me and vice versa. It's great having a locally owned place that values relationships with customers.笑
Terrible service tonight and it wasn't even busy. Waiter who was actually really nice took order then we didn't see her the rest of the night. Only 1/2 of our food order was delivered. Had to flag someone else down to get the rest. Nobody checked in on us. 3 employees including a manger spent the whole time cleaning the bar so they could leave for the night. Clearly ownership and management issues here.笑
Our server was very nice and attentive.  Margaritas were delicious.  But unfortunately the food, no bueno.