Some very nice work done on the store interior - a very welcoming environment, however, this is just another take on the Quiznos toasted sub idea.  (noting that a Quizno's store went under just a block north about 6 months ago).  With so many above par options in the financial district, I regret to have to say that this just a very average toasted sub fast food option in a very competitive market.  (even the nearby Hudson's Bay has far better on-site toasted sub and Panini options on the first floor)

I had the roast beef.  I suggest you don't - the meat was tasteless.  No  Aioli, no pesto, nothing except plain mayo and basic mustard as choices.  Don't expect medium rare thick cut perfection - these guys serve well done (almost grey), thinly sliced beef. Even their "large" sub isn't large - at least Subway (and Quiznos, while it was in business) gives you 12 inch, baked in store bread.  No such luck here - their "large" is 9 inches and their bread isn't baked on site.  The only thing large was the price.

I give them 9 to 15 months.  

Very forgettable.Ǿ
What a waste of money for a over processed-salty sub.  I begged a differ from the last reviewer who said it was more upscale with more quality ingredients. Sadly, what you get here is probably subpar to subway or Quiznos.

For starters the bread is not baked fresh in store it comes from somewhere else in a plastic bag.  Second, the meat is weighed to the GRAM on a scale to ensure they don't give you anything extra. Third, they don't offer nearly as many toppings as you would find at subway or Quiznos nor are the toppings as fresh.  

They also don't let you see your sandwich being made. The counter is so high you can barely see over.  The large sub barely satisfies, the value is not here nor is flavor or quality.

Also it seems that there are a string of fake rave reviews about this place so buyer beware.Ǿ
Very good place to grab a lunch with coworkers. Light and healthy options yet large portions and reasonable prices the place is very nice they have live music at lunch time nothing too crazy just a solo person playing the guitar. It accommodate large groups which is very good.Ǿ
Potbelly, you are so welcome in Toronto! 

I moved here from Chicago, where it originated from and simply missed their sandwich. My go to is the wreck, with hot peppers(giardiniera). You need to have them on your sandwich, it really completes it and gives that Chicago taste. 

Rock on potbelly, I'll be back often!Ǿ
Love it!

Went in for lunch one day a day and was really impressed. The food was great, the place has a great atmosphere (with live music!) The staff were super friendly and the owner even came by to ask how everyone's food was. I got another sandwich  (chicken and cheddar) which was equally amazing. It's on the pricier side for a sandwich but it's worth it.Ǿ
I have been to Potbelly Sandwiches twice in the past week.  both times I ordered the Chicken and Cheddar sandwiches.  I got it from the new location at the Sheppard Centre and also at the location at Yonge and King St.  both locations sandwiches were fantastic.   You never know if a chain will have inconsistent food from different locations but both were great.  It's a great addition to the boring sub sandwich shops.  This stuff is fresh tasting and full of flavour.Ǿ
A bite form our full experience review 
"Potbelly Sandwich restaurant is a curious substitute for a traditional sandwich shop for not that much of a premium price. Adding alcoholic bevs, live music and a hip vibe to the mix is an awesome bonus to an already compelling option."Ǿ
Delicious sandwiches, amazing fresh cookies, and friendly staff in a fun '70s rec room atmosphere. Would eat again!Ǿ
Apparently I'm not the only Dave M. Really good Italian sandwich!  Decor and vibes were nice as well, had a guy with a guitar and harmonica singing tunes. No complaints, though I'll reserve the 5 after I've been a few more times.Ǿ
Cool decor, nice vibe. I used to frequent when I used to live in NY and now super happy that's it's here in TO. Got my go-to sandwich, The Wreck, which was exactly how I remember it. Quality sandwich place for lunch. Great cookies. I will be a regular.Ǿ
With a name like "Potbelly" sandwich shops, I was expecting to get a "Belly-buster" like sub. Sadly, the subs here are TINY! I got the "big" sub, which is still only 9 inches, and seeing how small it was, I ordered extra meat. Still not satisfied, I got a side chilli too. For a whopping $16 lunch, I should have been tapping on my belly rather than still being hungry. Yeah, maybe drink one of their ice-cream shakes everyday and you'll get a potbelly, but eating their subs, you'll just get skinnier and poorer... 

Now on to the food... Their subs is essentially the same as a Quiznos sub. Oh, and I got misled with the sign that said "hand-sliced roast beef" thinking it was freshly sliced pot-roast style roast beef that you get at a place like Pumpernickel. It's just the same old processed deli-style roast beef! Why emphasize that it's hand sliced? What, opposed to it being sliced with your foot? Or with an axe?

The chilli was very watery and bland. Even Tim Hortons chilli is better than this place, and I wouldn't consider Tims chilli to be all that good. 

I don't want to criticize the employees too much as I realize the place just opened. But if I'm the only person in line and there is only one sub coming out of the oven, do you really need to ask me what I'm having? Geez, maybe take a wild guess that maybe that one sub is for me? And I have to repeat myself again when I get to the cash, since I have to deal with 3 separate people. Quite inefficient... 

Overall, the food taste wasn't bad. But for a real shaved roast beef sandwich, I would much prefer Pumpernickels. And if I want the cheap deli roast beef, I could get a proper 12 inch at Subway instead for the same price (or cheaper). 

Really lovely restaurant with a nice covered outdoor patio area. But food quality and the miniscule portion sizes just doesn't justify the price...Ǿ
This place isn't as bad as some of the reviews are making it out. You have to set your expectations - it's possible that the reviewers didn't know what to expect, as this chain is new to Canada. This place is a sandwich place - a lot like Quiznos or Subway, but it is a more upscale than both of those. The quality of ingredients is certainly far superior - the chicken actually tastes like real chicken here for example. Is it better than Fast Fresh foods next door or Bgood round the corner? Probably not, but it isn't really any worse either. It's good to mix it up and this is another place that offers that.The sandwiches here definitely are not small - even the regular size is decent and comparable with other places.

If you want a half-decent meatball sub sandwich, this is the place. Also you can get pretty creative - the base sandwiches are quite cheap so you can afford to class it up a bit. For example, get chicken breast, freshly sliced avocado and bacon etc. and make a decent tasting club sandwich - total cost for that is probably under $10 - not bad.

The staff here always seem to be pretty friendly to me. Yes you do have to repeat yourself a lot - which is kinda dumb. The process could indeed be a bit better.

They have other stuff like freshly baked cookies. The oatmeal ones are pretty nasty and undercooked/sweet, but the chocolate brownie cookie is just insanely good. I would literally go here just for that one cookie, it's that good.

Overall its like subway/quiznos, but with better quality ingredients - a 'premium sub' place very much like Firehouse Subs in the US or Jimmy Johns. I would go back if I was in the mood for that type of thing and I would recommend it to others.Ǿ
This new Chicago chain sandwich shop just opened up recently.  I'm giving this place 3.5 stars, but am rounding up due to some of the overly harsh reviews it has gotten.  

As you walk in you notice the surprisingly  massiveness of the place that one would not imagine from the outside.  I like the decor, it's a mixture of old Italian and Boston pizza look.  I ordered the big pizza sandwich.  The big is 9 inches while the regular is only about 6 inches.  The sandwich was pretty good, tasty and full of flavor. 

Overall I was impressed.  As someone who buys lunch every single day, the price point is comparable to other sandwich shops and fast food places.   I will have to be back to try the other ones soon.Ǿ
One of my favorite Chicago lunch spots has landed in Toronto!
A great alternative to Subway, Potbelly's offers tasty sandwiches for a decent price.  
The staff were great and the interior of the shop is warm and inviting.  Lots of historic pictures and posters of Toronto.  The old seating map of Exhibition Stadium was classic!
And, unlike the locations I've been to in Chicago, the Toronto store sells beer!
A good addition to the lunch rotation!Ǿ
Sandwiches are unreal. 

Loaded potato soup was like mashed potatoes. Which is a good thing.Ǿ
Walking into this restaurant, gives a nice homely feel, warm brick and tile floors, with warm wooden booths, greet you. Sadly, a barrage of music like you're about to eat at a nightclub also greets you. 

There is plenty of seating, and I ended up eating after 3 pm, so the place was very empty. Lots of seating in the front, around the sandwich preparation area and behind it. 

The menu is limited. Sandwiches, soups, chili, milkshakes, cookies and chips. There is no combo option, it seems, so, you will be eating a la carte. Sandwiches are approximately $7 for what looked like a six inch sub, or maybe slightly bigger. Chili was $4 for the small, which is similar in size to Wendy's. Non-alcoholic drinks were from $2.50 to over $5.00.  Chips were about $1.50 for a small bag. Milkshakes started at $5. So, very quickly, your meal adds up, mine ended up being over $15, for 3 items, a sandwich, the chili and a bottle of pop. 

When you order on the far end of the counter, the first person triages your order, for instance, my chili needed to be prepared by the cashier, which was way down the line. He then proceeded to stuff the bread with meat and cheese. Then, he puts it on the conveyer to heat up the sandwich, and melt the cheese at the same time. 

It takes awhile for the sandwich to come out the other end, but a friendly person on the other end dresses your sandwich with veggies and dressing. She then wraps your sandwich, not once but twice, and then proceeds to shoot the sandwich down the line. 

Finally, you reach the cashier, but here is where the music becomes a hinderance, we couldn't hear each other. It was very difficult to hear her repeat my order, and she didn't hear me when I told her that the chili was mine. The counter was very cluttered and it was hard to see her or feel connected to her with some many obstacles in the way. The bill was higher than I would have wanted, my only hope was the food was phenomenal.

Sadly, this doesn't end your experience, she pointed around the corner, and I followed her finger to where I found out that I could have had a fountain drink, coffee or tea. This is also the area where you can get any utensils and napkins that you would need for your meal. 

Overall, if this restaurant was full, it would have been very difficult to get in and get out quickly. This is because the line loops back towards the entrance. In addition to this, because the conveyer is so slow, you will have a backlog at the person dressing your sandwich, as well as the area for drinks and utensils. 

I sat down to eat my sandwich and noted that everyone seemed to come back and forth from me to do various tasks, so, depite the music, it was hard to eat in peace. Kind of like eating at a busy McDonald's even though this restaurant was mostly empty. 

Bathroom is mostly clean, they have restrooms near the front but they look like you need to go down some stairs. In the back, there is a unisex washroom.

Service is good. Food is okay. Prices are high.Ǿ
I came here for breakfast on the way to work. The service was hilariously slow. The workers had no sense of urgency and seemed to feel like they were there to chat.  The breakfast sandwich was brutal - Egg was disgusting & bagel was soggy. I never write yelp reviews but was so annoyed by this place.Ǿ
There was so much hype when it opened. And after standing in line for 10 min, my Buffalo chicken sandwich was well worth it. Service is great and the taste is amazing. Will be going back to try the other items on the menu :)Ǿ
I was really excited about this place as a name like Potbelly and the nice decor suggests to me that you'll get some unique sandwiches with rich flavors. To my surprise, all i found was a glorified Subway. The vibe is nice by a real bummer when it comes to the menu or flavors.