The place was completely empty when we arrived. We were greeted and given menus and left alone for about 10 minutes. Two couples came and sat at the bar and were immediately helped and served while we sat at the table still waiting to get our orders taken. We left right there and then. Never coming backǾ
This place is a hidden treasure. We got a burger that was to die for and boneless wings based on other customers recommendations. The bartender was super nice and the owner came over and introduced herself since it was our first time there. We will definitely be back often. If you are in the area, definetely stop in and try it out.Ǿ
We received a coupon in the mail for a buy one get one free breakfast on Sundays only from 9-11 am good until August 31st. However the restaurant was closed and dark when we arrived this morning. No one answered at the phone number posted on the door, no answering machine either. Extremely disappointing experience.

Update: 8/30/15 - I received an email from the owner saying that the company ran the ad too soon and asking me to give them another try. I called the restaurant several times this morning to see if they would be open on a Sunday morning before the coupon expired, but again, there was no answer.Ǿ
Quick stop after Reds game to let the traffic thin out.  All 4 of us had good beer from tap, and then added a taco to hold us over, as it was Taco Tuesday.  They were perfect!  And Vince was fantastic to all!!  It's a bar atmosphere, pool table, , plenty of TVs...But very welcoming!!Ǿ
Good atmosphere, been here a few times in the past. Never overly crowded. Beer could be a bit colder. John is a great dude and very attentive. It's always good to meet fellow veterans wherever you goǾ
Great place to chill. Nice atmosphere, good food and friendly staff. Will go back.Ǿ
I read some good reviews and thought of checking this place out as it was walking distance from the hotel. I was here on a Thursday evening, walked into a trivia which was fun and turned into a music bingo. The juke box is excellent with some great music. Sat by the bar and the bar key was very friendly and they had a very decent beer on tap which is a plus. I would visit this place again.Ǿ
The food is great.  Have not had bar food this good in a long.  Just to call it ordinary bar food is understatement.   If like a bar atmosphere with really really good food.  This is the place.  I would love to see what the chef has to offer next.  I would love to keep this place hidden but it is to good not share with everyone else.Ǿ
I fell in love with the place the first time I came. It was a Thursday night, just in time for the games. Music Video bingo, family feud. The bones less wings are my fav, waffle frys are great! And the jalepenos poppers bomb!Ǿ
Great drink specials and dinner specials! Went for the first time last night and Vince was amazing. Extremely nice and personable. We will definitely be back!Ǿ
WOW!!!... You would think the owners of this bar would have enough sense to get rid of the trailer trash skanky barmaids and hire somebody professional that knows how to perform customer service..

I went into this bar first time a month ago and had an excellent cheeseburger and I went in there last night and the quality of the food has dropped to 50% because everybody wants to stand in the corner and talk and not complete customer service, and quality!!

The business is like a house the parents cannot leave them allow children to run the house for several weeks it will get destroyed!!

A month ago walked in the bar it appeared clean and nice yesterday you walk in the bar go to the bathroom look around there's people's crap everywhere the bar looks dirty feels dirty the bathrooms are skanky!!

I guess I will continue to drive an extra 2 miles to a better sports bar that has more professional people better service cleaner environmentǾ
Not a good experience for a work lunch.  Half of us did not eat the food because it was bland, the other half didn't get what we ordered, yet nothing was taken off the bill or anything else offered.  It's too bad because we're opening a new business in the area and hiring 150+ people.  Won't be coming back.  At least offer to rectify the issue.Ǿ
My daughter and I stopped in for dinner and were not disappointed! The food was fresh and very tasty.  Daily specials are great. The boneless wings were huge! I ordered the pork tacos, expecting street taco sized, but no, instead, they were full sized tacos! No shortage of food. Very friendly service. It's definitely a bar, so expect the noise. But for a great meal and a good time, this is your neighborhood place.Ǿ
Love this place! Clean, friendly and amazing drinks and the food is the best! You are treated like family! No drama!Ǿ
Food is great and portions are huge. We had tacos and they were awesome. Kids had wings and they were huge and they loved them. Pretty good beer selection. Service was just right. It was very slow on a weds night which was strange but still a good experience.Ǿ
Friendly atmosphere, my first time here I felt welcome. Bartender made a fabulous drink, it's called The Annie. I recommend you try it.Ǿ
Our second time coming to the restaurant. Hubby was craving wings and they have a wide range of flavors. 

Our servers were sweethearts. They were on point and when one was off doing something or on break the other girl stepped right in to help. (blonde and brunette girls) 

My complaint was the owner who sat at the table next to us with a family. Her name was Debbie or Donna. She sat there and proceeded to drink and bullshit with this family as that families kids ran around. She bad mouthed her waitress within ear shot of us. Reprimanded the waitress for something on these's people's tab. 

There was an issue with a male patron who you can tell was very much over served. He went to her and told her to kick another male patron out before he kicked his ass. She didn't even inform the man. She made her petite brunette waitress take care of it. 

The food is delicious! Everything we have ordered on both occasions was very good. However, I have no respect for any owner who sits and drinks and doesn't make it a point to mingle and care for their staff or customers. 

This place could be amazing, only if they put some pride into it though.Ǿ
Really liked the vibe. Lots of people, no drama. 1 waitress and she kicked ass. Literally she was the only server in the whole bar. Clean. Went on a Tuesday and had like the best tacos ever. Omg. Would def go back. Good juke box and pool. Poker was also being played.Ǿ
We came here for our anniversary to play trivia and had a wonderful time! The food was great and the people were as friendly as could be. While the owner was adamant that her intention was more as a restaurant than a bar, the place had the warmth of a neighborhood pub, the type of place you feel fortunate to have stumbled upon, here or abroad. Although it's over 12 miles from our home, we'll definitely be back, have some dinner, and play live trivia!Ǿ
It's crazy to not be able to get good service in a local hole in the wall bar with an average of 10 people in there at any given time. Maddening to watch the bartender walk past you 5 times without looking at the bar. Food is Scott still price, lunchroom flavor with I wish I would've just stayed home service. 
Please please someone come by this bar it's a cool little spot local people will support you just get this current regime out.Ǿ
I can't give enough stars for this place! We randomly ended up here for the Cowboys/Packers playoff game. We arrived early and it was super quiet however a few hours later it felt like we were amongst friends and family! The food was delicious and we were never without a cold beverage. Despite being here for almost 6 hours our tab was completely reasonable! But it was the atmosphere that will always make a lasting impression. You guys are awesome and I hope that next time we are on that side of town we are able to catch another game! Amazing experience and fun patrons!!! Thanks again!!!!Ǿ
Our food was delicious, burger, wings, fries, pizza! Server was friendly. I would recommend this Westside Bar and Grill.Ǿ
Decided to stop by and check out the place, walked in thinking it'll be a dive bar but total opposite.  The owners daughter (Andrea) very nice and explain the HR & food.  They also have all paperview UFC fights! Will definitely come back! Its also family friendly and notice they have good clientele, especially where its located.Ǿ
Ordered a fantastic dinner to go. Burgers were perfectly cooked and well seasoned. Also a nice portion. Onion rings were also up to the task. Can't wait to dine in and have a few beers.Ǿ
This is my favorite pub and grill!  Always great service and awesome food! Karaoke every Friday night and good crowd.Ǿ
Amber is a great bartender. Very courteous and friendly.  Was having a blast until the owner came in accusing me of trying to get free drinks asking me exactly what I was drinking. Not to mention the cook who came out to help her when she was super busy. All he did was slam ice and squirt water all over my face with water while complaining about serving people.  I'm sure this review will be erased but I'll keep posting it and the same thing on every other review site. Thumbs down on ownership.Ǿ
Arrived before they opened (as defined in the door) but they invited us in, got us a beer, took our order.  In just a few minutes, everything was fired up and we had our food. Sliders and carnitas tacos were both awesome. Staff was super friendly and personable. The cook came out and asked how our food was and Jessica was great! We will be back next time we are in town.Ǿ
Pretty good little dive bar.  Great chips and guacamole and tasty potato skins.  And they even have Stone IPA on tap!Ǿ
Food was great, only docking a star for the atmosphere.

Let me say this - it's a bar. I would t set your expectations much above that. A few booths and tables for sitting and eating. Karaoke and Pool tables off to the side. About a half dozen TV's with a range of sports and news to occupy your attention.

The staff - appearances aside - was super friendly and attentive. Like I said, this isn't a five, or even a four star restaurant, the waitress and waiter are your typical personable bartender types. They took care of us, made sure we got what we needed, took our order and delivered it with a smile. What more do you need?

The food - pretty damn good. Boyfriend got the meatball sub and spoke highly of the marinara. Dad got the BBQ Bacon Cheddar burger and had a mouth too full to even answer the question "Is it good", we just got an enthusiastic nod. I had the chicken strips. Made from real chicken - none of that frozen crap - with good breading, and what tasted like house made ranch.

If you're looking for a quick, inexpensive place to eat, or a place to chill with the buddies and have a drink or two and some food eats - this is is your place.Ǿ
Friendly karaoke host! My first visit the bartender's sucked. They couldn't keep up with orders and it wasn't even busy. They were also really rude. But the next visit they were much better. It's very expensive for such small glasses but the crowd is chill and friendly and for only a one stall bathroom it's surprisingly clean. The karaoke songs are also very updated! You rarely see that. The dive bar I used to go to has literally had the same songs for at least 8 years! This place staying updated definitely makes me want to come back. My fiance liked the chicken strips but I haven't personally tried the food yet. But they're on ubereats so maybe I'll be trying it soon!Ǿ
Had my Brothers Wedding reception last Sat. It is a nice quaint & clea, yet large enough for 28+ of us to celebrate. Bar staff was on top of it all with some help of a description of what we wanted. Great prices on food & drinks. The CD player was equipped with every song we wanted to play & dedicated to the Happy Couple. Look forward to enjoying more times there when I travel from SD to AZ.  'CheerS'Ǿ
This is my first time at this place. We tried to go on a Friday night but they were super busy. The food, service and price are all good. I forgot to take pics...I was hungry! I had the nacho with chicken. It was so good. It has chips, queso, chicken, Pico, and salsa. It could have used some guacamole.  It was a very large portion. My husband had the southwest burger and waffle fries. It is a 1/2 lb patty with bacon, pepper jack cheese, guacamole and chipotle sauce. He said it was super tasty and he would have it again. My kids had the burger sliders, kids tacos with chips and a nacho. The portions on each meal are large and the price is perfect. The kids meals are only $4.99. We will be back.Ǿ
My husband and I love this place.  The food is amazing and it's priced right.   The owners and staff are very friendly and offer great customer service.    You can watch sports, bet on the horses with OTB, eat fabulous food and enjoy a great cocktail.  I'd highly recommend you try this place out.Ǿ
I called to make a to go order and use a coupon that i had for buy one lunch or dinner get one free. First off, the girl on the phone was impolite and had zero customer service skills. Secondly when i arrived, there was NO ONE working there, only a bunch of old drunk people. I waited behind the bar for 5 minutes before anyone came and when she did, she didn't greet me or even attempt to provide the slightest of customer servive. Eventually when she acknowledged my existence she was cold and rude so i can only assume this was the same girl on the phone. When i told her that i had a take out order (which they didn't even get right) she said "and?" With a rude face! She walks away gives me a bill and then walks off without even saying anything. Well when i looked over the bill they didnt take off the coupon ($12) so then i waited AGAIN for her to come back. When i told her the situation she said "im only able to take $1.50 off because apparently i didnt order the right things, even though on the phone i explained the coupon and she said it was fine! Instead of her giving even a LITTLE bit of customer service! She told me well it's too late to fix it they are already cooking.... I left without the food and without paying because that kind of service is unacceptable.Ǿ
Much Better time then I expected

We went to 99 Pub and Grill on a Friday night around 630 and our wait was 15 minutes. We asked the host if the restaurant/ bar was family friendlyand he said yes, that was great.

We were seated within 15 minutes and our waiter was very pleasant and attentive throughout our meal. We got the sampler appetizer, nachos, cobb salad, and the kids mac and cheese. Everything was good, fresh, and not greasy. 

I would definitely return to 99 Pub and Grill for a casual, fresh family meal.