Rialto has never let me down.  We've had pizza,  sandwiches pierogie and various sides and appetizers here over the years and have never had a complaint.  Delivery is fast and takeout is always ready when they say it will be. 

My only complaint is that they don't have a second location on Butler.Ǿ
OK Pizza (think Little Caesars) and horrible service. My wife ordered a half vegetarian and half pepperoni pizza. I went to pick it up and it was $20. When I asked why he said that vegetarian was a premium topping so it was $20 instead of $12. I brought up that it was only on half of the pizza so I shouldn't be charged the full amount. he said "Look, we don't do half premium pizzas but it was a new guy that answered the phone so we did it. We did you a favor." He was the manager and wouldn't budge on the price. We had company over so I just paid it.Ǿ
A fantastic neighborhood spot. As a Greenfielder I might be biased, but this is one of the best Pizza joints in the 'burg. Only once I have a been disappointed by the quality of Rialto Pizza. Yet the many check-ins before and after more than make up for that one occurrence.

Given its location it caters to those ordering take-out or delivery. Only a few times have a noticed people dining in. They are quick and true to their word. Every time I have ordered, the food has been ready within 15 minutes. 

Though their pizza (and specialty pizzas) is fantastic, what keeps me coming back is their desire to meet consumer needs. Occasionally I have made special requests, and they always obliged. Their service continues to meet demand. It does not hurt that they secondarily function as a mini-beer distributor.

If you are looking for a cheap, tasty and friendly place to eat a pizza, where you can also customize your own six-pack of beer, this is the place to go!Ǿ
I've gotten delivery from here twice. First time I just ordered a few different, nothing-fancy, pizzas. They were completely acceptable. Nothing spectacular, but no complaints. Second time I ordered a pierogi pizza and a calzone. They were not so good. I wasn't expecting to blown away based on the first pizza experience, but I was expecting acceptable. The pierogi pizza was bland & the calzone was a yucky, sloppy, goopy, bland, mess. 

Also, delivery guy #2 was a complete ass - no need to call me & force me to run for my phone when I'm standing at my door and I could hear your car coming from a block away. I won't order from them again. 

I might check out the place to dine-in and see if those breadsticks are all they're cracked up to be. Until then, two stars. Very disappointing.Ǿ
Excelent Pizza, Love their monster pizza.  Like some of the others have said its not the best tasting stuff around, but its good for your average pizza place.  I just love their price on the monster pizza that feeds a party of people :)Ǿ
Love the pie, though I'm a little under-impressed with the white pizza. Like that they offer other food besides pizza. And not to mention you can grab a 6-pack!Ǿ
We ordered Rialto's for pickup last Friday, not wanting to bother with cooking after a long work week.  The prices are about what you'd expect, but if you can get your hands on a coupon or a code from AllMenus, then it becomes super cheap - we got a large pizza from $8 due to a coupon code.  So look into that!

It was ready when they said it would be, and we brought it back to our apartment, ready to dig in.  We'd ordered a large "Rialto House" pizza, which is under the specialty part of the menu.  We opened the box to discover a mass of fresh toppings - pepperoni, sausage, mushrooms, green peppers, and olives.  After a quick warming-up in the oven, we dug in.

I have to say, the toppings really make this pizza.  Sure, there's sauce and cheese under there, but neither to excess.  The toppings, however, are plentiful and high quality.  The peppers were fresh and crisp - I even enjoyed the mushrooms which I usually loathe.  And they weren't stingy about piling them on - nothing is worse than paying a lot for a pizza and then having to hunt for the few lonely pepperoni slices.  You pay for toppings, you should get a bunch of them.  The pizza wasn't oily or greasy either.

We really enjoyed this pie, and would definitely order again.  I think if you're in the mood for greasy, cheesy goodness (which we are, from time to time), this is not the place.  But if you want a fresh pizza loaded with toppings and not loaded with grease, I'd recommend Rialto!Ǿ
One of my favorite pizza places in the city. The staff is really what makes this place. I used to work over in Greenfield and they got so used to seeing us and made us feel welcomed. You can tell they truly appreciate the business. Price wise everything is very reasonable and the food is great quality. You also get huge portions as well. I've had their pizza, breadsticks, hoagie and fries. All very good! When we ate at the shop, I really enjoyed their second dining room of to the side. It wasn't anything special, but they kept it very clean and have a TV. For those who would be interested, they also have beer to go.Ǿ
On second thought,  rialto's is pretty decent. This time around we got a specialty pie with 5 cheeses and tomatoes. The crust was good and so was the pie but the dough underneath the toppings doesn't hold up so well. Its very flimsy and difficult to eat so I used a fork and knife. 

To sum it up...messy but tastyǾ
I order from Rialto frequently and the food is consistently good. Fantastic Italian hoagie and buffalo chicken pizza. Delivery service is always good. The only reason I'm not giving this neighborhood joint 5 stars is because of the downright rude guy answering the phone. After today's super condescending interaction, I'm looking around for other options, which is a bummer because the food is good, prices are right and it's super convenient:-(Ǿ
Best pizza in the burgh. No hyperbole. This is where you're supposed to go if you want pizza.Ǿ
Pizza brand pizza. This pizza tastes like pizza. What sets a pizza spot like this apart from its competitors is neighborhood and price. Rialto is 4 minutes away from some of the best pizza in town and the prices are not the lowest nor the highest. I've called in multiple times to ask what the specials were. I don't get any specials, and then there is a special on the sign out front similar and cheaper than what I ordered. I think it is typically worth driving the extra 4 minutes for the better pizza or the cheaper pizza.Ǿ
So this review is purely based on Rialto's delivery. This was my favorite place to get pizza from in college. i had LOTs of rialto's. my fav was the ranch steak pizza as it had fries on it  AND ranch dressing. what's not to like?

The normal steak pizza is also quite good.Ǿ
I've eaten at Rialto many many times since moving to Greenfield, however, I will not be eating there again.  Many of their pizzas are average to above average.  I've always thought they were a little expensive for the quality of pizza that you get, but they were always fast and convenient.  Last night I ordered a buffalo chicken pizza and it was totally flat (less than 1/4 inch), greasy, undercooked crust, cheese that just slid off the pizza, and funky tasting on top of all that.  Needless to say I was not pleased and I took the pizza back.  The owner did refund my money, which I appreciate, but he then asked me if I had ever had this pizza (God forbid I try something new) and when I replied no, he said "Well, that's what the pizza is." So I guess that means their buffalo chicken pizza is crap.  No apologies, no remorse that I found the pizza terrible, nothing.  No more business of mine then.Ǿ
Very convenient for Greenfield.  Eat in, take out or delivery.  Good pizza and calZones.  Delivery of beer is plus.Ǿ
I have ordered Pizza feom there a couple of times. I really like the the pizza for sure.

I would suggest the Spinach Pizza if you have'nt had it before :)Ǿ
I must update my review from two years ago. I no longer feel impressed by the taste of their food. I used to love their pierogie pizza, but now I no longer feel satisfied and do not want to finish eating the pizza. The price was sort of high also. My husband's chicken parmesan was very soggy, and he called it "gross". We had called ahead to pick up our order. We had to wait well over the 15 minutes that they had told us. When we showed up at the cash register, the employees ignored us for several minutes and did not even say hello.Ǿ
Update: i have really come around to the pizza. The trick is that you need to eat it hot right out of the oven right in the store. It turns out to be a great place to walk to with my son. We get a little pizza. Kill it together and walk home. Sentimental value is increasing. AND THEY ARE STARTING 6 PACKS OF PICK YOUR OWN. our new go to for beer. Hoepfully they will expand it. But good smaller breweries so far. So.... i added another star.

Old thoughts: Taste like College pizza- not good, not horrible gross, just boring pizza.  I will say they do a lot of fun types of pizza, but we live close to too many really really exceptional good pizzas to waste too much money here.  

THE THREE STARS: for a very good Italian sub and over all low prices.  Its hard to have pizza as much as I would want it, but I would hit them up for subs ANYTIME. VERY GOOD.  Baked fresh.Ǿ
Great pizza for the price. Their sicilian is awesome - thick, just enough sauce... So good!Ǿ
Rialto looks pretty unassuming from the outside, but after trying unsuccessfully to find a pizza place to latch onto - one that could make a consistently great pizza - I tried Rialto, which just so happened to be the neighborhood pizza place.

The pizza from there has always been fantastic.  A plain cheese is the perennial favorite, but with bonus points for their pineapple and onion pizza, which is out of this world.

Their sides don't quite match up to their pizza... the Greek salad doesn't have much about it that could be Greek, the zucchini strips leave something to be desired.

But I still keep going back for the pizza.  

It also helps that they have a decent selection of beer.Ǿ
The selection and hours are enough to earn a few stars in my book. But any place you can get a pierogi pizza and six pack of Four Loko on a Sunday gets my approval. The best pizza in Greenfield, and, for me, rivals Aiello's in Squirrel Hill. 

I had the pirogie pizza. It was as warm and inviting as the service and as hot and dense as a dying star. The potatoes were piled generously is what I'm getting at. 

They would easily be a five star place but it was just a bit on the pricey side and they could do with a couple more chairs. But those aren't things I'd be super concerned about.Ǿ
Usually decent. 

Staff is extremely rude on the phone. Don't apologize when a delivery is 30 mins late, or when there is an issue with your order, or when you arrive and the order has not been completed. Older delivery guy has been to my house, and on several occasions he shoves crushed pizza boxes to me while on the phone yelling at someone on the other end. If you live close, avoid the delivery fee and cold, crushed pizza delivered by an angry disgruntled man. 

Was charged $12.95 for a 6 pack, when the 12 pack was $13.95. I left without noticing. Called, and asked the employee if he really charged me $12.95 for a 6 pack, and he said "yeah", and I asked is the 12 pack really $13.95, and he said "yeah". And then I asked why he didn't tell me that? Came back to the restaurant where the owner confronted me and started yelling that I was "f*cking yelling" at his employee when I clearly knew the prices and was costing him 50 cents for using my credit card. Well, nothing is clearly labeled, and it's also my prerogative to use a credit card so ... (ps his employee charged me incorrectly for the 12 pack anyways, so the owner got his 50 cents). 

Due to the hit or miss pizza (30% of the time it's burnt) and being yelled at by the owner when he's trying to swindle local repeat customers, I will no longer be giving them my business.Ǿ
Time to do another update.  I hadn't ordered from Rialto in a few years, but I was doing something last night I hadn't done in awhile.  Babysitting.  Long story.  But I knew my friends' son likes cheese pizza so I picked one up for us and I figured Rialto would be the best bet.  Not fancy.  Not great but not horrible either.  Translation:  something a five-year-old would like.Ǿ
I love their pizza!

My favorite is the steak/chicken ranch pizza. It is amazing! Have not met anyone who does not love it. Seriously go try it. Like now.Ǿ
Rialto has the best Sicilian Cuts in town.  I'm lucky enough to live within walking distance of these guys and I'm very grateful for that.  If I could, I would eat Rialto every day.  It's a must try for east ender's.  Don't forget to add extra cheese.Ǿ
Rialto's is exactly as advertised - small pizza joint with a handful of other menu items like sandwiches and pasta, and a pretty decent beer selection. It's a staple for us here in Greenfield - we order here pretty regularly. The food is consistently good, though some items are better than others. Our go-to is the Hawaiian because the ham and bacon are so good. I love ordering from somewhere local vs a chain bc the food and the service are so much better. You won't find a texting teenager behind the register. If you're looking for a reliable place to get some quick Italian eats, I recommend you give Rialto's a shot!Ǿ
This is a great, local pizza shop. The pizza and hoagies are fresh and flavorful. I live close by and this is my go to place, through they will pretty much deliver anywhere in the city. There are always coupons for this place and even if you don't have any you can ask over the phone and they will usually give you a deal. They always say it will take 45 mins for delivery but in my experience it's usually about 20-30 mins. Prices seem to be totally random since the same order comes out to a different price every time but I guess that's part of the charm.Ǿ
Love this place! Moved to the neighborhood several months ago and this quickly became my go-to pizza place. I love love love the steak rolls, I have actually never seen a dish like this before. Totally delicious and a great value. Italian donuts are also great!Ǿ
I've been coming to this place for a long time, but with the Greenfield bridge out it had been a while. Stopped by today with my son and his buddy after a soccer match...glad we did! 
Friendly service, and terrific pizza! Hey, the garlic toast with cheese was pretty darn good too! They have a great selection of soft drinks and beer you can choose from as well, and take out. Even ice cream for after!
Everyone always talks about Mineo's this and Aiello's that when it comes to.pizza in the Squirrel Hill and Greenfield area.
I'll take Rialto over them, everytime!Ǿ
Great pizza for the price.  Unfortunately it's close to SQ Hill, so it doesn't get as much love as it should, but for delivery it's awesome, and like half the price.Ǿ
We enjoy ordering for take out from Rialto occasionally, it's location is really convenient to our home. They have a decent amount of seating if you wanted to stay and eat there. Our go to menu item is the XL pizza with pepperoni and mushrooms, they don't skimp on the toppings! They do however charge per topping which can add up. The staff is friendly and helpful. There is a sign out front that says "best soft serve ice cream", I'd skip the soft serve here and stick with the pizza. Overall, if you're looking for good pizza, Rialto won't disappoint. Plus unlike some of the other pizza places around the area they take credit cards which is nice!Ǿ
Just moved into the area and decided to try the Rialto House pizza to see what this place was all about. Was not disappointed. Order for pickup, ready in 15 minutes. We walked over and took a look at the beer selection. $12.99 for a 6 of Magic Hat, not bad. Walked the pizza and beer home and was very happy with the pair. It's your typical local pizza spot and I'm happy to say this is very good and will frequent it when I'm in the mood for a slice. Good service. Decent beer selection. And really tasty. Will put into rotation.Ǿ
Stopped here after a baseball game for Pizza with the kiddos!
The pizza was pretty good!
Breadsticks were also fresh and tasty!

Its a pizza shop, so there's not much else to report.

They do sell beer (ToGo and for In-house).
Seating for dining is minimal, but it is very clean!

I'd def stop in again.

Parking can be dicey, though  ;)Ǿ
Rialto is actually my favorite pizza place in Pittsburgh so far. The crust is perfect and I actually want to eat it and not leave it on the plate! Their Sicilian pizza is mouthwatering and I love their regular pizza as well. I've also had their wings and soft serve! Delicious! I get so excited and happy when my sister-in-law walks in the door with boxes of Rialto's pizza.Ǿ
Here's the deal. The food is good. Rialto rolls are bangin. Here's the problem. They are one of the most expensive places around. Comparatively speaking. Seems like every couple months the portions get smaller, and the prices go up. The sicillian shrunk by half the size, and price stayed the same. When times are tough, this place will break you. Conicellos pizza has replaced them for my tastes.Ǿ
First of all, despite the fact that Rialto has indoor seating, it's not exactly the type of place that you'd want to hang out in.  They have TVs that are usually tuned to sports, but they're more for the staff than for you.  Rialto is the type of place you order your food for delivery or you go and pick it up.

That being said, they have some of the best and most creative pizza in Pittsburgh.  Their steak and fries pizza is always one that we get when we have friends in from out of town.  The Giant, while being a little more costly per square inch -- yes we did the math on this -- is always impressive when you bring it home to a group of ravenous friends.  The pizza is well done, not overly greasy, and generally a good price.  If you're someone who lives in Greenfield or Squirrel Hill you owe it to yourself to check them out (actually, if you're in Greenfield, they're the best pizza in the neighborhood).Ǿ
Went to Rialto on a trip to Pitt with friends. Ordered a Pierogi Pizza and a Gyro Pizza. The Pierogi pizza was pretty good. The Gyro pizza though? FANTASTIC! Definitely should give that a try. I was a little unsure about it before trying it but once I did, I was sold. Price was in line with what you'd expect from a pizza joint.Ǿ
After driving around to find a none franchise restaurant, we came upon Rialto. Strange parking for a flat lander (had to circle around and try again). Odered Ital hoagies, came out on nice warm bread...could have been more meat but for price....good.  One suggestion...need ICE for drinks!Ǿ
Decent food, incredibly unprofessional service. Placed a take-out pizza order this past weekend. Arrived to pick it up at the designated time. Person at the counter looked at me like they had no idea what I was talking about. Proceeded to locate my order ticket and THEN just start making my pizzas while I stood there. No explanation, no apology, nothing. But, it was obvious that they hadn't even started making the pizzas.

A few minutes later, two of the employees behind the counter get into a shouting argument. one points at ME and tells the other one "YOU SHOULD BE YELLING AT THAT GUY."

No idea what that was about, but it was completely unacceptable. I had no interaction with either of those clowns. Nobody made any effort to ask whether everything was OK, apologize for me having to wait, or make an excuse for the shouting match that went on behind the counter.

The food isn't SO amazing as to make that behavior acceptable. Your mileage may vary, maybe I caught them on an off night, but there are literally a dozen other pizza places within 5 minutes of Rialto, so won't be going back.Ǿ
Everything is kind of sub-par, except the pizza which might be good enough to be average. Eh.Ǿ
Pretty decent New York style pizza, with quick delivery.Ǿ
The 5 best things about Rialto Pizza.

1. The veggie pizza practically comes with a salad on top: fresh, crisp and plentiful.

2. A seriously delicious Italian hoagie. Darn near everyone does them, but Rialto is a cut above.

3. The Rialto Giant (28 inches, 49 slices) is too big to fit in my front door, but if you're having people over for a game or a party it's perfect. Tip: Use it as an incentive on moving day. You'll have more help (and more pizza) than you'll know what to do with.

4. An admirable selection of decently-priced beer means not having to make two stops on the way home.

5. If there's no game on t.v., guaranteed they are playing some basic cable reality show (which is the television equivalent of eating pizza).Ǿ
I love Rialtos! It's my favorite pizza place. I get their xtra large cheese pizza delivered to my work all the time.