Not great....just ok...food bland.  Music too loud.  Service slow even at 3:00 in the afternoon.   Took 20 min just to take our order and the place was dead.笑
I came here for the benny on potato waffles. I was really excited about potato waffles, imagining something crispy-crusty like a latke or rosti. So sad when it was actually mashed stodge instead. I don't know if other people actually like that, or I just got a weirdly underdone batch or something. But it tasted like glue.笑
Pretty darn Good.  Great atmosphere/building, kinda hipsterish.  Definitely lineups on sundays.  Food is always pretty decent, they could be more generous with portions, but the food itself (eggs benny) is fabulous, as long as the sides.  You can generally expect a pretty good breakfast from this place. a consistent 7.5/or 8 out of 10.  sometimes the service is a tad slow, but they waitresses are down to earth and well humoured.  I feel like for such a big space, they could probably add more tables.  But hey, that's just my opinion :) Bon appetite.笑
Great place to have brunch. Open and airy space made it a lively place. They specialize in waffle dishes so do yourself a favour and get those types of dishes!笑
We've tried....5 or 6 times we've tried.....this was it though, the final straw....and really, the food isn't even that good. 

There's bad service and then there's the Starving Artist. One slow-moving waitress and even slower-moving cook....tables going un-cleared for 20 minutes...being seated at a table with a highchair covered in scrambled eggs and the server leaving the high chair for us to enjoy...my wife asking for milk for her coffee three times only for me to get up and get it

I can actually look past a few of those things....however, when the food takes 45 minutes (for waffles and eggs) and tables that sit down after you get their food before you; and when you have to go because y'know, you have somewhere to be (and you didn't think waffles and eggs was going to take an hour) so you tell the waitress to cancel your order....and her response is "sure just pay for the coffee"....THAT"S when I finally lost my temper, as she sarcastically said "have a nice day sir"

And really, the food isn't all the good

Go to Sunnyside Grill down the street, just west of Dufferin....good food, nice people...a much better place than this hole笑
Nathan was our server,  he was super friendly and attentive.  Waffles were sufficiently waffley. Vanilla almond latte was great and now I have fantastic coffee shakes.  A++ would waffle again笑
I came here because I saw amazing photos of this place on Instagram so I decided to have brunch here. 

The lady who served us was very nice and patient when it came to taking our order but once we received our food we rarely saw her, especially when we needed extra plates and napkins. 

I ordered the Starving 4 Waffles with Nutella and Strawberries. It was not bad but not the best, it was average. I also ordered a chocolate milkshake and I didn't like it that much because it tasted like it was just room temperature chocolate milk with Whipped Cream on top. 

The place was very spacious, bright and the decor was pretty. 

Overall, I think the place is only good for taking pictures (food and decor wise). I would only recommend the place if you're looking to take pictures and eating ok waffles.笑
Slow slow and unorganized hostess service. Very frustrating. For a brunch place, it is soooooo slow. Water jug never returned when we asked for replacement. Fruit bowls came with dirty unwashed fruit. Not sure how our waffles are like since we have been waiting for forty minutes. Cash only with their only atm is a cash grab and I agree with other reviewers on this. The only saving grace (ironic cos it's also a name of a brunch place) is our apologetic and fast server.

Update: :$50++ for brunch ?? Really ???笑
Oh I'm starving... for a better service model.

I don't deny the relative goodness of Starving Artist's waffle meals on top of waffles, stacked on waffled, cooked in a waffle maker and served with a side of waffles insanity. But the service here (at least at this original St Clair location; dunno about the other ones) is a waffle grid of a hot mess.

The aesthetical vibe I got of the place was as if the brunch sketches in various Portlandia episodes had a waffle-making one night stand with an Ikea restaurant, and Starving Artist was the result. The tables sure enough were from Ikea, but were serviced by young hip staff, and the walls were mostly cladded with waffle-themed pop art. Vintage gumball machines dispenses coffee beans. Washrooms are located on the main floor, with one accessible stall.

Service however needs a complete overhaul. How bout I give a gaming walkthrough of the experience:

LEVEL ONE: You enter the premises and now shall stand around waiting with others... for what? Press A now to leave. The barista does her own thing and ignores the stream of walk-ins. There's a living room-like area for coffee suckers, but is mostly occupied by awaiting diners sitting on sofas with busted springs, as they flip through the menu and take selfies. Have a seat if you can, press B regularly to keep waiting until a passing waitress in between clearing tables a few minutes in acknowledges your existence.

LEVEL TWO: You have made it to a table of waffle doom! Surround yourself with a mix of dining hipsters and foodies, lunching families, and punks sipping on coffee like gentlemen. The server for your table turns to you, and--PRESS A QUICKLY NOW TO MAKE AN ORDER!--oh, sorry, ADHD distraction kicks in and she turns to an adjacent table for an inquiry. Uh, hello?

LEVEL THREE: Having slayed the evil waffle boss and saved your stomach from eternal hunger, you line up by the cash to pay, because you will learn they are too cool to give you a bill at the table like traditional restos do. Press B to use the ATM; this level is cash only. The cash girl flips through a stack of orders to find yours as she asked what you had.

Not impressed. This method of paying up front and nobody knows what you had and you have to tell them (for I know I could be paying for somebody else's meal, or better yet not pay at all), is the apex of ridiculous inefficiencies of the ways this west end Toronto's waffle house chain (at least this location) does things and conducts service, which may leave you literally #starving4waffles. I wouldn't go back here unless they completely revamp the way things work.

{TTC (this location): 512 it to Northcliffe Blvd., or walk a couple short blocks east from Dufferin St. if you are using the 29 'Sufferin'}笑
There's always a lineup at the Starving Artist on Lansdowne, so a friend and I decided to check out the new location on St. Clair for lunch. Sadly, there won't be lineups here if our experience is the norm. 

Service was p-a-i-n-f-u-l-l-y slow and when our lattes finally did arrive, I can confidently say it was the worst latte I've had in Toronto. Do they use a packaged coffee mix? It had some weird, overly-sweet chemical taste that was really off-putting. 

Our lunch arrived soon after the coffee, but sans cutlery. We requested some and waited 5 minutes. My lunch partner finally went and got it herself. 

My vegie sandwich was fresh, but the fruit on the side had seen better days. And seriously, I know waffles are the house specialty, but a waffle sandwich is over the top. And waffles with my friend's spicy TexMex 'sandwich' were just weird .

The room itself is nice...and that's about the only good thing I can say. There's lots of space between tables, which makes it super comfortable for guests with babies and strollers...a rarity in Toronto restaurants...so I can see it could be a popular spot for those with young children.

Finally, payment was by Cash Only. Oh, there is an ATM in the corner (with a $1.99 fee). This cash grab was really annoying and I was tempted not to tip at all, but I don't think the staff are at fault for the issues with this restaurant.

So, considering the combination of poor service and odd menu options (unless you adore all waffles, all the time), I won't be back.笑
First impression: 
Self seated, only there is no sign that indicates that so you're standing there waiting only to be told you can seat yourself. 
Cozy , Cafe interior, with great natural lighting except it was sunny as heck , leaving the front two dining tables blazing with sunshine so my party ended up sitting in the very back next to the washrooms. 

Service : Service wasn't horrible but wasn't great; she was attentive, came by often but gave off a "i don't care" vibe. 

Food: 
It's good, I wasn't wowed by it. 
Waffles seemed soft/soggy for my liking, not crunchy enough 
Water is Lukewarm/room temperature, and I'm not sure if ice is available but it wasn't given 

CASH ONLY - atm available with a $2 fee 

I'd probably go again if it was last minute and I happened to be nearby, but I would not go out of the way to eat here笑
While it's true being seated and served can be at a casual (read: slow) pace, if you arrive at 9 am when they open, you'll get seated right away. The food is served hot, is tasty, and is a pretty good deal. Four awesome Eggs Benedict options in the $10-14 range, served on waffles (either sweet/wheat or savory/potato). The Hitchhiker is probably the best "deal" - $12 for two waffles, scrambled eggs with cheese, 4 strips of maple-glazed bacon (ask for it crispy - trust me), mixed greens, and some fresh fruit. I've eaten here four times, and have never been disappointed.笑
**ok so i'm editing this and upping my star because I actually had their ceaser and it was delicious & so spicy. that's the only yummy thing though. 

Every time I come here I ask myself why I got dragged into this mess. Every. Time.

The last time I went, there was only two of us. It was a Sunday, but it seriously wasn't that busy and there were many open tables. We got seated quickly, but that was it. 
It seriously took 15 mins just to get asked what we wanted to drink. At that point we were ready to order too. I got the almond latte and a little $5 dessert waffle. 

Can someone tell me how it takes over half an hour to make a waffle and throw some syrup and fruit onto it?? When the place is like half empty?

Idk, every time I come there the food makes me sick. What kind of combination is waffles, salad greens and potato salad for breakfast ugh. I'd rather go to boom and that makes me nauseated too.

you truly do feel like a starving artist here笑
I hope this review is seen by management because my question to you is what is going on here?? The service is obviously consistently horrible here, judging by other reviews and my own experience. However the waitresses can't be blamed! This place is SO UNDERSTAFFED.

The restaurant was packed and only two people were staffed as front of house/waiting/bussing and 2 in the kitchen....nobody to greet you as soon as you walk in, water was only given to the table after asking, you're eating around tables with mountains of dirty dishes that haven't been cleared yet, and the wait for poached eggs was 30 minutes and nobody has the time to ask how your meal is. But you can only expect 2 girls to do so much with 20+ tables to serves! They were friendly but clearly out of breath from running around the place! 

In addition to that the food was just mediocre. Potato waffles are OK, regular waffles are OK, you can probably make a similar mix at home. We got the breakfast benny and it was filling but not great. I like that the fruit that comes with the food isn't cantaloupe and honeydew, but real fruit like watermelon, oranges, berries and grapefruit. 

Waitresses are friendly and the fruit was good which is why this place got 2 stars. Besides that, wouldn't go again!笑
I came back here on a very hot day of summer and was very displeased to see (or rather, feel) that there was no air-conditioning. It was a very uncomfortable experience. And despite a nice wide open space good for bigger groups their kitchen is small so everyone's meals come out staggered... One's food would get cold if one were going to be polite and wait for the whole table's food to arrive.笑
Service is extremely slow, the waitress had green nail polish that was extremely cracked. When I tried to order a smoothie and cancel it before it was made, she did not cancel it and instead lied to me and said they already had made the smoothie when I watched them make it 5 minutes after I asked to cancel my order. I'm actually sitting here right now typing this review because it has taken that long for me to get my food, solid 35 minutes for eggs. Right now everyone in the room is complaining about the service. A table of two has had only one meal delivered and is waiting for his food. The food is coming out one by one. This waitress clearly needs a retrain and the staff are extremely inexperienced. This local is not  planning on returning any time soon.笑
My juice was expired. After apologies the server replaced it (and charged me for it!!) My eggs were left under the heat lamp so they were really dry. We had to remind the server like five times for things we were missing (napkins, sides we'd ordered...) Had to ask for the bill twice and then it wasn't itemized so we could divide the bill. Also, cash only is a pain in the ass especially when you have more than 4ppl. 

It was extremely busy, but we were first to be seated (I got there early and waited in line) and we were not the first served food. 

We'd been to this location before and had a great meal. I won't likely go back.笑
The first time I've tried potato waffles and I can't get enough. The food and friendliness of the staff are a definite 5, but be careful going on a weekend when you may be neglected due to how busy it gets. Weekdays are your best friends at this location.笑
Hmm. What to say about this place. Waited too long to get seated, waited even longer for our food. Saw lots of people wait forever for food. Once food came, only one dish came out at a time. We even saw couples get turned down from empty tables claiming "the kitchen is too behind." Food was good, but service was unacceptable to the point where we had to say something and they took care of the bill. Will not be coming back.笑
This place is decent if your craving breakfast waffles. Went here on an early Sunday morning so as expected it was packed. You'll probably end up waiting 10-15 minutes in line depending on how many people you are with.

The waiters were very attentive and our food came after some time. Now the selection of waffles is pretty good so you wont have too much difficulty deciding what to order. For $15-20 it's more than reasonable.笑
Coffee was surprisingly meh. Service was wildly odd but the waffle was incredible!
We were seated, so far so good. Order taken - server may have just started her first shift ever in a restaurant. Waited 15 minutes got a dirty side plate. That got taken away. Got some water. Nice. Got a waffle. No coffee.
We watched one of the coffees got to a different table, then back to the front counter, then to our table. I asked after my coffee and it arrived cold and lonely after all the other eating and drinking had already been finished. 

Hard to hear the music was so loud. Not a great restaurant for chatting in. Cash only and hectoring signs about having all your party present before being seated were not really appreciated either. 

Couldn't wait for the bill so I paid at the counter. Couldn't wait to leave actually.
Waffle was unbeliveably fantastic but the rest of the experience made it tricky to enjoy.
Staff need to be trained. Plates need to be clean and coffee needs to be good. May not try it again.笑
Extremely overhyped. The potatoes waffles were very unpleasant and their potatoes salad is straight from a box or something. Def not worth a second visit.笑
I chose to try Starving Artist because it was written up in an article on places to go for Eggs Benedict.  Being a lover of breakfast places I was keen to try it.  Unfortunately I didn't read yelp reviews before going here.

I met my colleague for a working breakfast at 9 a.m.  When she politely asked if the music could be turned down so we could hear each other speak, the waitress gave a very snarky response.

There was at max 2 other tables with customers during the entire time we were there.  Service was slow and unfriendly, though the waitress did warm up a bit as the meal progressed.  I don't think she really liked working there.

The menu as lots of variety in the way waffles are served.  If you're not in the mood for waffles you're out of luck.  Great to see gluten free options.

I ordered the B. Benny .... 2 potato waffles topped with poached eggs & caramelized bacon & hollandaise sauce for $14.  It arrived at the table... lukewarm not hot.  Flavour ok at best.  Found the waffle/caramelized bacon combination too sweet for my preferences.

Great that Espresso based drinks are offered; unfortunately a plain cup of coffee is not an option.  So if you want more than one cup you pay for it.  

Was caught off guard to discover that they only accept cash.  The manager gave my colleague a loooooong explanation about how much it cost them to provide debit/credit card to customers.  He seemed to be completely oblivious to body language indicating he spent way too long talking about it and that he was displaying a complete lack of consideration as to what might be customer centric approach to running a business.  Nor did he seem to understand that there are costs to running a business.  

The bathroom.... while there is a cute picture on the door.... was in dire need of a really good clean.  Makes me wonder about the cleanliness of the kitchen!

Now that I've had a chance to read previous reviews.... there have been a lot of comments about poor service.... for some time.  Clearly they are not reading the reviews or they don't care.

With a name like Starving Artist, I had expectations of good value and good food.  That was not my experience.  

On the website it is stated that, "Supporting local artists is a main priority at Starving Artist".  

From my experience today, the owners don't seem to understand that if they don't think about the customer experience, customers don't come back the artists will no longer have a venue to display their work.  Neither my colleague or I are likely to be repeat customers nor are we likely to talk about it positively within our networks.  

Given their main priority... judging from the quality of the art displayed on the walls today... they seem to be struggling to find artists to display their work.笑
Was seated immediately which was nice. But once we sat down it took at least 20 minutes, probably more than that, for our server to take our orders. Once we placed our orders it took probably 40 minutes for our food to arrive. And unfortunately I wasn't really happy with it.. my waffles just didn't seemed cooked :( I love brunch and I understand these places get really busy, especially on a Sunday, but I don't think that's a valid excuse for what I experienced. Then once we finished our food (and by this point we were the only people in the restaurant) we waited another 15 minutes until I walked up to one of the servers and asked them to clear our plates and get the bill. I was honestly to excited to come here. Will probably give them another chance, because it was a really cool vibe, everyone else's food looked great and I don't want to judge somewhere just based on a one time experience.. but I know if I had brought my dad here he would refuse to go back, and would have made a huge deal about everything :p笑
The food is amazing! Waffles were delicious and great hollandaise sauce for the bennys. And they don't skimp on the side fruit you get.

Great service! The staff were very kind. Will definitely be back!笑
Really enjoyed this place! I have not been to the other location so I can't compare. The food was great, and a good price. I had the breakwhich which was a mini waffle sandwich with fried egg, cheese and turkey. The special sauce really sealed the deal. Was not happy that it was cash only. We are starving artists, we dont carry cash we carry plastic! Waitress and hostess were nice and attentive. Food arrived pretty fast. No issues with the service and it wasnt super busy for 12 on a Friday. I will definitely go back and will have to check the other location.笑
It was awful and distracting to watch the female manager treat not only the employees but the table next to us and myself like garbage. 
Literally threw cold crappy bacon on my table. Was more interested in texting then helping. Looks like Starving Artist has got too big for it's britches. 
I emailed a kind letter to the info@starvingartist.ca link. It was an FYI to the owners. I'd want to know if this happened in my resto. But, no response. I won't be going back. 
The staff was brutal. And the food wasn't good enough to make up for it.笑
Nice décor and no crappy drip coffee (americanos instead - get a double).  Like the theme of waffle everything too.  Had the waffle Benny and it didn't disappoint.  Waffles were nice, but the caramelized bacon was the icing on the cake.  Very nice and friendly service considering how busy it was on a Wednesday late morning.  Would have giving a five of some of the fruit wasn't over ripe.  Finally, something that gives boom a challenge.  I bet this place is busy on the weekends though... But all that means is get up early to avoid waits people.笑
Came here just before lunch time for some food right before the place filled up with guests. Even still it took a few minutes before we could be seated due to the fact that one girl was taking care of the entire restaurant on her own which is a lot for one person. Anyway, I ordered the Monte Cristo which was decently filling but nothing spectacular for the price; I had a chocolate peanut butter shake which I really enjoyed. Considering how much our server had to do, she did a good job of getting us our food, drinks and bill on time. I would come again if I am in the area but I think there are better brunch spots for the price to go to in Toronto.笑
Chilled on the patio with some friends one Sunday afternoon and joined them after their brunch.  Wish they had some shade for the table.  The service was slow and server forgot most of our orders, in spite of us being a group of three and we only ordered drinks (!).  Luckily, they also forgot to charge us for stuff, as well. 

They are cash only, which is mildly annoying, tho not the end of the world.笑
Pros:  Nice Atmosphere  |  Unique Menu  |  Decent Mains
Cons:  Very Loud  |  Dried Out Fruit  |  Horrendous Service  |  Cash Only  |  Wait Times

Bottom Line: Go if you find poor service to be entertaining or you view dining out as an extreme sport.

My partner lives in the area and for years we have been waiting for something to open in the empty space now occupied by Starving Artist.  It had also been years since I've had waffles of any kind and was delighted to learn that Starving Artist is entirely Waffle obsessed.  

Would I go back?  Not likely.
Did I enjoy my waffles?  Yes
Does this place deserve to survive?  Not with the current staff / service
Where to go instead: Prop does an amazing brunch (though no waffles as far as I can remember)

We had decided the night before that we would hit this place up for brunch the next morning.  I decided to read up to see when exactly it opened and what people were saying.  The reviews on Yelp were a bit ominous so I went in without many expectations.  

We walked in and were surprised at how busy the place was given how recently it opened.  It was packed with twenty-somethings, a couple of families and some older couples.  The music (while fun and eclectic in selection) was too loud to hear what your company has to say.  This is more of an issue because you will spend much of your time waiting...and waiting.  It took us longer than it should have to be seated.  While I wouldn't go so far as to say the staff is indifferent (the woman at the register kept acknowledging our presence to say someone will be with us shortly) I will say the priorities are skewed and they are heavily understaffed at best.  Instead of the hostess / server seating us right away she continued to serve and clear tables until our annoyance was more...palpable.  

The moment we are seated we are told it will be 40 minutes.  In my confusion I blurted out, "FOR FOOD!!??!"  This is unacceptable to me but they're new, it was the weekend and I thought, what the hell, let's give this a shot.  The table had water on it and after waiting some time I decided to use my own napkin to wipe it up.  Five minutes later someone came to wipe it (pointless at this time) while taking our orders.  I asked for another napkin for the first of what would be many times.  Instead of receiving a napkin someone else came by to wipe the table a second time for reasons unknown.  

I'll stop here and say there seems to be a real lack of understanding on the part of the staff of how to serve tables.  It's as though there is a communication barrier despite the fact we all speak English.  

Our food came quite a bit quicker than the 40 minutes they quoted us at the start.  The younger couple next to us with their laptop had been there sometime before and received their food a fair amount of time after ours.  It was not clear whether ours was just easier to make, they sped it up for us, or the other couple was just hanging out and decided later to order something.  

I ordered the Sammy Benny and the strawberry/banana smoothie while my partner had soda, a caffé americano and the Monte Cristo.  My partner enjoyed his meal and mentioned the coffee was good (contradicting some earlier reviews on here disparaging the coffee).  I really enjoyed the Sammy Benny and the salmon I found quite fine, not fishy as mentioned in other reviews.  It was a bit messy at times but quite good.  The fruit (as mentioned on other reviews) was indeed dry for me as well and not as flavorful as it should have been.  

At the end my partner graciously shared his single, small, napkin between the two of us.  My multiple attempts to get a whole napkin for myself was a spectacular failure.  
The food for the price was reasonable.  My inability to get a napkin after asking for one 3 times is not reasonable in any way.笑
Service wasn't the best, but food was really tasty.
I don't like to mess with classics, but I thought Starving Artist's version of eggs benny on potato waffles were really delicious. Extremely rich, though. My order was the Hitchhiker - which was also great.

The service was a little lackluster. The food took a while to arrive, and when I ordered a coffee I was brought an Americano and told "this is our coffee". I didn't really get a heads up on that, I might've asked for something different! Luckily I really enjoyed the Americano so I wasn't too bothered. All in all: tasty food, OK service, will return but only if I'm in the area. We went out of our way to try this place because we loooove breakfast :)

Also, a lot of the dishes are waffle-y. I'm not a waffle guy, more of a savory breakfast lover. So... if you're into waffles... you might wanna give STarving ARtist a go笑
After seeing this place raved about on the Food Network's "You've Got to Eat Here", I finally got a chance to go. I absolutely love the feel of the place and the concept of EVERYTHING is made on or with waffles - very creative! The only downside I found to the place is that the place is CASH ONLY and it would be helpful if they shared this on their website because it was disappointing to find out right when we got inside. 
Besides that, I have to admit, it's a great place to eat. They had an "Easter" special since the long weekend was coming up and I think it's a very clever way to always keep the menu interesting!笑
Delicious food. The menu was simple and easy to read but the wait for the food was quite long. Downside- cash only笑
My wife and I saw this place the other day while dining at DeSotos and were really excited to see a pretty stylish new restaurant open in our area.  After our daughters both passed out in our stroller today we thought we'd grab a coffee.

We arrived and were excited to see that the place has a ton of space and a modern coolish décor.  That's about where our excitement ended.  We walked in and looked straight at a staff member who ignored us and continued chatting with her colleague.  I asked something like "Are we good to sit anywhere?" and got a curt "no, I'll find you a spot" from the colleague.  After some oddly difficult conversation as to how many of us there were (2 and a stroller since our kids were asleep, duh!) we followed her to our table.  She had removed a chair and my wife said something like "thanks, but don't worry about a highchair, they're asleep" to which our waitress actually said "oh, I wasn't going to get one." Uh... Really?!  I mean, she said it in one if those matter-of-fact kind of ways (not catty) that only someone who really has no clue about customer service could muster.  Did you forget that we're your patrons?

Anyway, the americanos were both (decaf and reg) bitter and watery, the menu looked odd-ish but potentially yummy, and when it came time to pay our waitress had disappeared and I had to pay at the cash.  Another ridiculous conversation ensued regarding my getting 2 loonies instead of a toony so I could tip (what was I thinking?!) and the only nice part was a hearty thanks from the loony/toony waitress when we left.

There is definitely some potential there if they (sorry) get rid of the waitress that we had and iron out a whole lot of the we-just-opened problems that they have (like the cash only thing which is apparently temporary).  I will refresh this review when we go again.笑
I am giving them the benefit of the doubt because I've been to this location before and because I like the food, but overall, in the times I've been, I haven't been especially impressed with the service, and today was especially problematic. 

BlogTO recently included Starving Artist on its list of most kid-friendly brunch places, with a special mention of the St Clair location. On the surface, I'd agree -- what kid doesn't like waffles? But if you have to wait 45m for your order, your kids are going to be very unhappy campers. 

Now, to be fair, it was Monday morning, and they were both understaffed and training what staff were actually there. But only one experienced server was on hand, which, even on a slow day, makes life difficult for everyone. You can't leave a single trainee chef in the kitchen without backup. All the staff were stressed, which impaired the service noticeably: we were barely acknowledged when we arrived; there was a considerable wait to be seated; the orders were mixed up; one of the kids was served last despite her order being the simplest... and we got very few updates to reassure us. 

Despite all this, we all enjoyed our food. To compensate us for our less than ideal experience, the manager (?) on duty reduced our bill. I still think, from what I've seen in the past, that they have a ways to go smoothing out some service issues, and they are chronically understaffed. It'd be nice to see this place thrive in this neighbourhood, but it will be a while before we go back.笑
I dont even know how the food is because nobody would take my order. I waited for a good long while, while being ignored.笑
One of my top 3 brunch places in the city. The mashed potato waffles are heaven on Earth.笑
The starving artist is starving for a reason. If you're craving waffles find a waffle place, if you're craving experiments that are called "waffles"; this is the place to go. The whole atmosphere came off as a tacky attempt at "hipster". The server seems extremely stressed despite the fact that we were one of 3 tables occupied in the joint. This place certainly has the potential to be a good restaurant, but it seems the they can't put the pieces together to do so.笑
The Restaurant has nice Decor, but they take awhile just to serve you, a drink. How long does it take to give me a Ginger Ale. The hostess is nice, but they take awhile just for Chai Latte. There is Graffiti on the Wall outside. The experience is so so, I have had better, they need to make things a bit faster.
I couldn't eat because, the restaurant has a bunch of Bees that always just want apiece of your food, highly suggest sitting inside,
Bees are very unpleasant 
But besides that the food was good and on weekends at 10 they aren't so packed笑
Dropped in because there was only ONE party of 3 ahead of me...somehow ended up waiting 1/2 hr to be seated while several tables were empty (counted 6!)...of course as the line grew and everyone was wondering what the heck was going on. The girl who was maybe supposed to be seating people did not approach us once...finally another server jumped in after realizing no one was helping us. 

Finally seated...wondered when the server would come by. That was fun. Order placed...and somehow the easiest order was messed up. Asked for a spoon to eat my yoghurt (makes sense right?)...never came so it was awesome eating with it with a fork. -_-

The place is so unorganised and poorly run that I won't even bother giving it another try. Looking at some of these reviews...doesn't seem like the owners care much for improvements. There are way better options in the city....笑
Let's start with the good: their food is good, great even.

Now for the bad... really bad service. My partner and I walked in around 12:10pm on the Monday of August long weekend... it took 9 minutes for someone to acknowledge us. I had to track someone down and ask where we should stand to "wait to be seated" as it was written on the wall board. The "line-up", which was comprised of 3 couples including us, was scattered around the sofas in the entrance way. I took advantage of this time to scan the restaurant... at least 1/3 to 1/2 of the tables were empty. "Great, I thought, we should be out of here within the hour - it's brunch after all."

Wrong. Wrong. Wrong.

Minutes passed, and finally, someone acknowledged us and told us that there was a wait to be seated. So I pointed over to the (many) empty tables that I had observed and asked if they were available. "Yes, they are." This confused me, had she not just said there was a wait? Shrugging it office, we followed our waiter to a tall table with stools. Being short (standing at 5'3") tall tables and stools don't always agree with my shorter legs and leave me needing a lift or a running start to get my bum on the seat... but I wasn't in the mood for high jump, so I asked if we could sit at a lower table, explaining that I have trouble getting up on highchairs given my height. Waiter grumbled and mumbled something about how she likes the tall tables, and sat us at low table. Water came quick - great! Menus, however, were not available at the moment... not even one to share. Minutes later, two menus were harried our way and we made quick decisions on our order given our original one-hour timeline for brunch. (One would think one hour for brunch is reasonable.) 

We flagged down the waiter, who snapped back that she was going to take the other table's order, and "are you okay with that!". She eventually made her way back to our table, took our order. By 12:42pm, we received one part of our order, the waffle grilled cheese. It was missing the bacon. Disappointed, but starving, my hungry man enjoyed the piping hot and delicious craft. By 12:52pm, we had not yet received the rest of our order. Other tables around us who had arrived and submitted their orders AFTER us had received their food by this time. By 12:58pm, edging on the one hour mark for brunch and still 'sans order' we got up to go pay and ask if we could have our order to go. "No problem, your order is up next." So I paid, in cash of course after paying the $1.99 to use their ATM machine. Note that we had to convince the staff that we should not be charged for bacon on the grilled cheese because it wasn't on the sandwich. We stood waiting for the next 10 minutes while they proceeded to complete the rest of our order, the same order that we were told was "next up". At 1:11pm, we were discussing whether it would send the right message if we walked out without our order, our waiter turned up with styrofoam containers in hand, plastic forks and knives balancing on top, "Do you need a bag?" 

Sorry Starving Artist on St.Clair West, never again. I'll be going back to the tried, tested, and true at Emma's Country Kitchen where the service is warm, friendly, and inviting (they give you a cup of coffee while you wait in line!) AND the eggs benny is done right!笑
I'm not sure why there are such negative reviews for this St.Clair location but I certainly have a few things to say about the Lansdowne one. 

At first we had arrived at the location on Lansdowne, but after being shafted outside to wait and since they "don't take table unless the entire party is there" even though half of us were only across the street, we moved to the St. Clair location not too far away.

As soon as we walked in on Good Friday at 11, we knew we were in a bit of a wait. But the wonderful hostess and waiting area with fashionable black couches made that all okay. She was inviting and friendly to everyone who walked in, unlike the hostess at the Lansdowne. Despite the fact that the wait was more than half an hour, it sure didn't seem like it . 
The hostess also would check up if the upcoming people in line for a table was still here waiting, which made it seem like they cared about us!

When my group of four got our seat, our waitress wasn't quite as friendly, but I suppose it was due to the traffic at the restaurant which was acceptable. 

I was very impressed with the waffles, and if you get the option, GO FOR THE POTATO WAFFLE. I've never tried anything like it, and it's an amazing and interesting staple for brunch.笑
I literally signed up for a Yelp account just to review this place because my experience was so bad. There was one server for a whole restaurant, with two others behind the counter that didn't seem to be doing very much at all. Service was so slow because of this. The server brought us our coffees fairly quickly but only one water glass for 5 people, saying she would be back with the rest and then completely forgot. It took 45 minutes to get our meals, which is outrageous, and even then the server had to bring them out one at a time instead of the whole table at once so one person's meal was getting cold while waiting for the rest. I wish I could say the food was good after such a long wait, but ultimately my poached eggs (made in a mould by the way, not freehand) were completely overcooked and the potato salad was overwhelmed with mayonnaise. I will not be coming back. Frankly I don't know how this place stays in business with such terrible service. Last time I disregard Yelp reviews, I should have known better.笑
If you want to eat waffles for brunch, this place is for you. if you don't, go somewhere else because everything on the menu here, sweet or savory, is served in, on, or with waffles. The waffles are done well, but everything else here that goes with the waffles, from the eggs to the bacon to the hollandaise is pretty generic and underwhelming. Like others have mentioned, the poached eggs look like they were microwaved in a mold and they taste OK only. Presentation is nice but again, nothing here that sets it apart from some of the better brunch places in the area. The place also seems very popular with the 12-15 age range for some reason, so take what you want away from that. 

Food 3/5
Service 3/5
Atmosphere 2/5
Decor 3/5笑
Delicious potato waffles. The space is pretty and open, but the service isn't great (waited for 10 minutes one day at the door- the place was half-empty- and we weren't even acknowledged. We gave up and went down the street to Boom). The music is sometimes annoying top 40 stuff. For a less squeaky-clean, stroller-friendly atmosphere, good music and better service, try the Lansdowne location.笑
I came in with my friend and fiancé,they sat us at the back. First of I was literally 2 steps from the washroom &storage room.
Me and my buddy ordered waffles with bacon. I also got a coffee when my coffee came my waitress gave it to me she did not ask me if I would need any milk or cream or sugar. I had to get up my self and ask for it.
The coffee was ok, the food was meh nothing special.
It's not rocket science about putting waffle and bacon together,  the waffles are bland no taste.
None of the stuff bothered that much to complain till one of the waiters or cleaner came to get something out of the storage room.
 (during the time the place was still open )let me say 
  their was grime build up all over the storage room wall it was all black (THE SMELL) that came from this room was so bad it was just wrong.
To do that during service笑
Chose to come here for brunch on a Friday morning because I love waffles and I heard they serve waffle everything. Choosing a meal was hard but thank goodness for Yelp reviews. I opted for the Sammy Benny and my boyfriend got the B Benny, both with a side of fruits. I thought the salmon was a bit fishy, didn't have that smokiness I like. I did enjoy the potato waffle a whole lot more than the regular waffle so would recommend. It is a dollar charge to substitute a waffle for potato waffle however. 

There was only server working so service was slow throughout. Cash only as well. It's a nice bright restaurant close to where we live so we may come back for breakfast again to try the other waffle options but we're in no hurry.笑
It's great joint! You get pretty much exactly what you expect. The food comes at a reasonable time, the service is underwhelming, and the food isn't spectacular. But overall it's not bad, it's basically exactly what I expected. Had a waffle sandwich with bacon, ham, egg, and cheese. Poured syrup all over that bad boy, and ate like a boss. We went after 1 pm which is well after their busy hours so I can only imagine the service is even slower then. Still, we had a good time and ate some decent food. Good to see a decent brunch place catering to the younger crowd opening up on Mt. Pleasant.笑
I came to Starving Artist two weeks after it launched and ordered Eggs Benny on waffles.  The plate arrived and it was artistically presented and tasted yummy too.  I am so happy to find a place on St. Clair where every plate involves waffles!  I am definitely coming back and I'll be spreading the word.  The only reason why I am not giving 5 stars is because it took a while for our food and drinks to be served.  There was only one waiter working so I am assuming they were understaffed.  I recommend having more than one waiter/waitress on staff during busy hours to improve our overall experience. Keep the waffles coming please!!!笑
Just went for brunch at Starving Artist and had high hopes for a decadent waffle breakfast (similar in style and standard as the original resto on Lansdowne). 

While service was decent and the space beautiful, there were a couple of key missteps that will make me think twice before returning. First, the waffles were unimpressive. I ordered the 'starving 4 waffles' and they were short of special. they were fluffy, but clearly from a mix and my major complaint was the watered down fake maple syrup. It was plunked down in a large container at every table. Call me crazy but I expect real maple syrup when I am out in Toronto - anything less is just cheap an cutting corners in the wrong places. The waffles were also bland and generally uninspiring. I appreciated the fact they had vegan and gf options but would have enjoyed more creativity in the dish selections overall. To round it all off, the americano I had was overly bitter and actually difficult to drink. Though the waffles weren't amazing, a solid delicious coffee would have improved the overall experience and invited us to stay and chat. Unfortunately it did the opposite.

All in all, the decor is lovely, staff friendly and overall vibe warm, inviting and chic. The waffles were disappointing and I left somewhat irritated. Hoping they get spruced up and real maple syrup is added, then I might be back!笑
3/5 not because of the food (which was GREAT) but the service was AWFUL. 

A very busy place especially during brunch. We were first greeted by the cashier who told us to take a seat on the couches... but we waited a good 15 minutes and started noticing that 3 other larger groups (3-4 people) got seats before us. We then asked one of the servers and they clearly forgot about us and sent us back on the waiting couch. 

You do wait another 20 minutes for food... It's kind of funny how they actually make you STARVE for your waffles. 

The potato-waffles are a must-try and the poached eggs were amazing!! We truly enjoyed it. 

They also only take cash. The cashier must have been a new employee, as we ended up paying more than we should have... but we just wanted to leave. 

Hopefully service is better off at the Lansdowne location.笑
I would have reviewed the food if i ate there but due to them being short staffed we couldn't be seated for another 20 mins because thats when the server would have time to clear the table. Another family ended up seating themselves and clearing their own table which i found odd. The server was very unapologetic and clearly doesn't care when people walk out. If that was my business i would have enough staff to cover the place especially a busy time  like this. It was quite the disappointment and just because of that experience i will not go back nor will i recommend this place. There are tons of places in the city that operate professionally and value their patrons, clearly this place does not.笑
You'd think that, given how cool this place looks and feels, it would be a much better experience. But, it was totally disappointing.

Popped in here with my girlfriend, allured by the line out the door and the interesting looking menu (waffle everything), and waited patiently to be seated. Upon being seated, we were treated to pretty awful service from a girl who seemed to hate her job, and when asking her even the simplest question, were glared at like we were committing a crime.

The food itself was average to below average. My girlfriend went with the gluten free option, and it was yuck. I don't recommend it. My food was average, nothing special, but still satisfying as it was the kind of food I was looking for that morning (bacon, eggs, waffles). 

It's funny that they named this joint "Starving Artist", because if this was an artist, it deserves to starve. I know they get people in the door with their trendy vibe, but it's just not worth it. There are so many better options in the city, although, sadly, I don't know if there are any great ones in this part of town.笑
Food was good but the place is criminally short staffed. Sunday at 11:30, waited 15 minutes for a table when there were 4 or 5 that hadn't been cleared yet. When we sat down, it was another 20min before the took our order and brought us cutlery. 

The whole time I was there, there was a lineup and empty tables. Hire more people!笑
If I could give 0 stars I would!! When we put our name down for a table we were told 10-15 mins, after around 1 hour and 15 minutes we were finally sat without any apology for the wait! We ordered instantly after having plenty time to look at the menu, then came another long wait for our food! 
We ordered coffees which were very disappointing and served by someone who couldn't even carry a tray without shaking and using both hands.
I ordered the grilled cheese waffle with added tomato and ham and it was extremely meh, the waffle was fine but the cheese was obviously processed garbage accompanied by two slices of regular tomato that cost 2$ to add, and the ham was so thin I couldn't even taste it! Our water bottle was never re-filled nor were we asked how everything was or if we needed anything else! Basically everything at this place was terrible, the service, the drinks, and the food...will never go back!笑
I came here with some friends on the weekend - this is their new location on St. Clair W.  It's kid friendly and pretty big on the inside (I believe it can seat 60) and there is a patio (not open yet) to the side of the restaurant.  

It's mainly a waffle place so if you don't particularly care for waffles then you probably should go elsewhere.  they don't take reservations but since we went for 9:30am we didn't have too much trouble getting a table (they also have high chairs for kids).  When we left there was a line up however - around 10:45am.

I don't particularly like sweet things so I was happy to discover the Cheese and Chives waffles - comes with a  side of green salad and assorted fruit.  Was it the best waffle I've eaten - no.  But with the melted cheese, salsa, sour cream it lent a savoury flair to the dish.  I also ordered chai tea - for some reason it came out in a very tall glass....with a very short spoon...so to stir the milk in was a bit awkward.

The service was friendly and while I've read other comments saying they had slow service, we didn't.  Fluke or not I was happy with it.  They only take cash here so keep that in mind - I didn't know that but luckily there is a ATM machine in the restaurant.笑
I went here for brunch this morning with my family for my grandmother in laws last day here before she went back to England. Her only request was to have waffles and ice cream so I suggested starving artist knowing they specialize in waffles. 

We were 5 people in total and everybody loved the food. My step dad raved about the eggs Benedict and I got the smoked salmon (between waffles) my mom got the fully loaded (avocado instead of bacon, with potato waffles) and my grandmother in law got chocolate chip pancakes with a side of vanilla ice cream. My grandmother in law was so happy to find out that the ice cream was soft serve! And everyone's meal was delicious, my sister isn't a big eater so she got a bowl of fruit. Everybody was pleased with their meal and we were all planning our next trip here. 

While the food was delicious, the service itself was awful. Our waitress was cold and acted as though we were nothing but a bother to her the entire time, she never checked in during our meal and simply brought the check when nobody had asked for it. 

When we arrived none of the staff even looked at us or greeted us for about 15 minutes. A employee even walked by us to come in and didn't even bother to acknowledge us.

Besides the bad service, we all did love the food, I'd hope for next time that the service improves because otherwise it would have been a perfect time! 

Also, all the starving artist locations only accept cash. They are also specifically waffles, so the complaints about them only having waffles seems a bit silly to me.笑
We were told we have to wait for 10-15 min to be seated for brunch. It took 30 min. We ordered drink and we're ready to order food as well but the server said she has to figure out a few things and come back to take order! 5 min later she took the rest of the order. We waited for 15 min to have our coffee and another 40 min to have the food. I cut my benny and the server showed up with another dish from the sidewalk next to patio and said that she had given me the wrong dish and changed it. No apologies at all, no smiles, no hospitality. What is going on in this place?!笑
Nice concept but food isn't that great. What's with the cash only policy? I'm very iffy of restaurants with that policy (tax purposes...). Service is bad, i watched the sever wiped the table and let the crumbs fall on the floor. 

I don't get the hype of the potato waffle at all. I thought the potato waffle would be light and crisp, similar to latkes, instead I found the texture to be quite mussy. The poached egg is fine, I mean, you can't call yourself a brunch place if you mess up a poached egg anyways.

My friend got the Spicy chicken waffle for $12 and the chicken was dry and bland, no sign of jalapeno at all.笑
Have visited three times and each time the wait has been extraordinarily long and the orders have been messed up. For a place so large and has been in business for so long, they really need to get their payment situation sorted - it's currently cash only. The poached eggs are made in some kind of mold. It's brutally tacky for what they're charging. Other than that, the food is tasty when it finally arrives. Place needs to get it together, as it stands I won't visit again.笑
Very lazy service staff.  20 ppl waiting and 10 tables but not sitting anyone.

I'm by the food preparation station and after the bell rings, it takes 5 Mins for someone to grab it.  The food is getting cold! 

I see the staff just hanging around and talking. 

Very frustrating experience.

Food was good though. If not I would have gave it 1 star.笑
Waited 1.5 hours to be seated while multiple tables waited empty... Staff ran around like crazy and it was really disorganized.   Also turns out they don't accept anything besides cash, but their ATM was empty.  Food may be decent but the service is TERRIBLE.笑
Have been to the original location and loved it. This location? Walked out without eating. Hostess said she would seat us right away. Second staff came over and said the same. Third staff then came over and said it would be ten minutes to get a table even though at least three empty tables were within arm's length of where we stood. If they cannot even get seating straight, afraid to see what they do with the food. Not going back so soon. Went down the street to Boom instead...got seated right away and that is where we are now, writing this review.笑
I thoroughly enjoy the food at Starving Artist so that's why my review is 2 stars instead of 1. But the ppl who run it are definitely 1 star. 

Now they always have a line, that's to be expected and for good food anywhere I don't mind waiting...but the last time we were in there, the line was very long and there were about 4 tables that were free, they just weren't being cleared. 
Not only did that suck for the ppl in line but it was pretty gross for the ppl already seated to just leave dirty dishes on a table. 
Maybe they were short staffed, sh*t happens, but that's a show of how professional and well managed they actually are (not). On top of that, when we were finally seated, it took forever for a server to actually come to us and take our drink orders. Again, I realize when places are busy things fall through the cracks, but there wasn't even a "sorry for the wait" or anything. A little niceness goes a long way in these situations. 

Most recently I tried to order over the phone for pick up, and I was told by whoever answered that they aren't taking any orders because the kitchen is too busy so call back in 1/2 an hour. Isn't that the equivalent of turning people away at the door?? (Maybe that's why the tables weren't cleared, to buy the kitchen some time to catch up). 

Either way, the food is good but the management/staff running the show are awful. Hopefully they fix that problem!笑
Came here for Sunday morning brunch and got here by 12:30. Had to wait about 30 min but it wasn't too bad they had couches you can sit on in the waiting area. 

I ordered the waffles benny and it was amazing! If you love eggs benny and you love waffles, you can't go wrong. I wish I ordered the potato waffle option for $2 more though, it would have been more savoury.笑
has the cutest most scrumptious little waffles! one of my go to places usually if i'm up for brunch last minute - wait isn't too bad, but i usually got after noon and to the college location. usually get the smoked salmon waffles. change the waffle to the POTATOE WAFFLE! it's an addiction. literally the fluffiest softest thing ever, imagine mashed potatoes but in a waffle, always so satisfied! also, very reasonably priced, so that's a plus!笑
Went there today. Really enjoyed our b Benny's. Great coffee too. You gotta eat here!笑
Words of my husband: "Looks like everybody in here have kids or is pregnant..." My thoughts while reading the menu: Not a healthy diet place.

They are in love with waffles and everything in the menu has them. Either you choose regular, gluten free, vegan, potato, or whatever, you'll see them in your plate. So don't go here if you don't like them.

We arrived while they still hadn't a waiting line, but when we left there was plenty of people sitting in the receiver waiting.

The service was ok. The waitress seemed to be under happy-active caffeine; kind of dancing while repeating the order. But even when she corrected my pronunciation of avocado, she ended asking me again what was what I wanted: tomato, tomatoe or avocado...

I liked the pictures of the washrooms because they are crossing legs like in an urgent situation to go...

The breakfast was meh. I ordered the B. Benny eggies with avocado instead of bacon, potato waffles, and potato salad.

Potatoes are my favourite veggie/root, so I can say that the waffles and salad were lacking consistency, seasoning, and charm. Kind of mushy, too dry for the morning (good luck I wasn't hang over). The eggs were ok. I just didn't like the dish as a whole.笑
I know of the original location, so had high expectations for the new location.

The space is very well done - big windows let in lots of natural light, ample seating, well-spaced tables, and the couches in the waiting area bring a cozy touch.

There must have been changes to the serving staff or their training, as I felt they were attentive and quick (despite other reviews).

The positive review ends there, though. While the menu had a varied and interesting selection of waffle-based items, as well as sides and substitutes so you could mix and match your own ideal dish, the execution left a lot of be desired.

I will say that the bacon was fantastic - highlight of the meal.

The regular waffles tasted like they were made from a mix. The maple syrup was runny and was likely Aunt Jemima, not a real Canadian Maple Syrup. As a waffle restaurant, missing on those two things is huge.

The potato waffle was different and interesting, although was more like mashed potatoes than a brunch's hashbrowns.

The Americano was bitter and tasted a bit burnt. 

Definitely not the Starving Artist experience that I expected. I probably won't be going back.

Pros: Architectural space, serving staff
Cons: Waffles, syrup, coffee笑
Food was ok.  We walked into the west door and waited for a few minutes and no one came to us. Apparently we were suppose to walk in thru the eastern door. 

The waitress was quick to get our order but it took almost 45 for our order to come out. We were told the kitchen was backed up. It would have been helpful if we had been told in advance.  The place was not so busy that this was warranted. 

They only take cash but have an ATM on site. The ATM displays your financial information after you get your money.  There's a delay.  The guy in front of me walked away and all of his financial information was up for me to see until I pressed ok on the ATM. Horrible. 

Waitress checked up on us initially but then didn't show up again. Had to ask for the bill after a bit of a wait. 

Overall the food was decent but not good enough to make up for the other shortcomings.笑
Great place.  However beware of long lineups on the weekends.  Then when you finally sit down, another long wait.  Food is pretty good when it comes.  Service is friendly.  Great ambiance if you like noisy and crowded places. Cash only.笑
A group of 4 of us went there on Sunday and had to wait probably 30 minutes (I expected this.) What bothers me is the quality of the food. I ordered the Hitch-hiker which is described as "Cheesy scrambled eggs, 4 pieces of bacon, 2 mini waffles." The eggs do not come as you picture scrambled eggs. They come as two pieces of cooked egg with a piece of processed cheese in between; Completely dried out and tasteless. As well, the two mini waffles were tasteless. For a place that puts EVERYTHING on, in-between or beside waffles, you'd think that the waffles would be amazing, nope, they're not. Personally, I will never return. My husband makes way better eggs.
On top of the disappointing food, at the end we learned that they only take cash! Who does that in 2016??? Some kind of artist is making out there, but rest assured, they are not starving.笑
I went back to Starving Artist on a Sunday for brunch because I was so impressed with their potato waffles my last visit. Not quite a latka, the potato waffles are made in a waffle maker which creates a thin crispy crust and a fleshy interior. Ingenious!  My last visit, I also had perfectly poached eggs with runny yolks and a devilishly good Hollandaise glaze. 

So there was no mistake that I would order the B. Benny which marries both of those elements together!

Unfortunately this visit was horrendous in terms of service!  Granted we were a large group of 10 and they usually are packed on the weekends, but it should not have taken an hour to get our food. At the very least, give us an update if you are running behind. There was no apology!  As expected, my eggs were overcooked. Go on a weekday if you still want to try them and and remain unscathed from this review!笑
Amazing food! I've been here 2 times and was not disappointed. I had the B-benny and waffle bacon and oh boy is it good! They make waffles made out of mashed potatoes taste like heaven. I admit it can get crowded and busy... And unfortunately it has a big hipster vibe. But that doesn't affect the taste of the food. I would definitely give this place a chance. The best time to go is during the weekdays when it first opens as it is empty.  Way better than Boom Breakfast down the street.笑
First time to have brunch here and ordered a waffle sandwich of chicken and avocado(substitute the bacon), fresh fruits and green. My bf got the eggs Benedict and he absolutely loved it. My bf is one of those people who eats to survive and thinks most food are "meh". But this time around he said his order was really good and he enjoyed it. So yes this surely is a complement! We would surely come back here for brunch on weekends. :)笑
Went here for breakfast with my boyfriend. It was his first time and he loved it. I've been here a time or two. Friendly staff (always) and their menu is great. I got "The Breakfast"...their potato waffles are amazing and my boyfriend had the 'In Between Chicken and Bacon" sandwich. Go in with an appetite. I only gave it four stars because my poached eggs were just a tad overdone. Other than that it's a great place to go to.笑
We (party of 3)  were there for Monday brunch and it was horrible. Long wait at the door before getting acknowledged and seated altho there were plenty of seats. There was one server, one person on the front cash and one cook. We got our table and ordered right away. The food took long to come, however the table who got seated after us got their food first. The server apologized and said she didn't know what happened. The food was mediocre and two of our eggs Benny had broken egg shells in them. The server also spilled the hollandaise sauce on my mom's straw hat. The server apologized and comped one or our eggs benny. It was a disturbing experience. Will NOT be back.笑
Reluctantly chose this spot for a family day outing. I was worried based on the reviews but after showing up within an hour to closing and still receiving friendly and courteous service I figured I would take a moment to write a positive review. 

The food was fantastic, we had the loaded waffles and my two little sisters under the age of 10 had waffles and fruit. Both were tasty and just the right amount of food. 

The coffee was great, and the girls loved the pineapple juice, but the bacon here is really worth mentioning. Soooo delicious, with a hint of sweetness really setting it apart. 

Definitely recommended, particularly if you have a thing for waffles.笑
Went here for my mother in law's bday this morning. We managed to make it in before the line up became insane. Ordered the eggs waffle benny and the hitchhiker waffles. All excellent. Specifically candied bacon. What's better than candy and bacon really?

All in all a quick and delicious meal that did not disappoint.笑
Waffles grilled cheese was the ultimate brunch item. But menu listed alcohol and apparently they don't have a liquor license so they don't serve it.笑
This was the worst dining experience I have had in recent memory. Here we go.

The Hubster and I come here for a late holiday Monday brunch. We go in and see a bunch of people sitting in the little coffee shop area up front. I get the attention of the server behind the counter and ask for a table of two. She asks for my name and writes it on a piece of paper. I say "Oh, is there a wait?" and she says no. The server goes to seat a family that came in before us and disappears for about 10 minutes, so we sit in the coffee shop area, not waiting, apparently. This is not a good start, as I am incredibly hungry.

Some big issues with the place:
- the servers don't know their menu. For a place with gluten/dairy free options and a small menu, they seem to be pretty unaware about whether items do or do not have dairy.
- No coffee, just (non-refill) americanos. If there's anything that might qualify as Canadian food, it's breakfast. And breakfast = bottomless coffee.
- Small stuff, like dropping a bottle of water at the table without glasses, and coffee without a spoon. Am I being nitpicky? Yes. But that's because...
- We waited about 45 minutes from when we walked in the door to getting our food. That's way too long for waffles, eggs and bacon in a dining room that maybe seats 50. In fact, we waited a very long time to order or get anything else. That left ample time for us to look around at the half dozen tables not being bussed, the impatient people in the waiting area and all the other borderline upset looking diners and nitpick at every damn thing.

All these things I can actually forgive if the food is good. Well it wasn't. I ordered the brunchwich with the vegan waffles. An overcooked egg, a slice and a half of skinny bacon between two palm-sized waffles that could only be described as violently bland. It came with a side of potato salad that was obviously bought by the tub. I know this because my parents love Costco. The Hubster had the same thing but with all the dairy options (regular waffles, cheese, secret sauce). He was also disappointed with his meal. 

Listen, if you have a place that has waffle paintings all over the walls and brags about how everything on the menu comes on, under or between waffles, the waffles have to be incredible. Even the vegan ones. Your bread and butter has to taste better than bread and butter. If you have a whole section of your menu devoted to eggs benedict, it behooves you to make your hollandaise from scratch. And if you have the audacity to serve potato salad at all, it better be from scratch because it is the cheapest, easiest thing to make from scratch. I know this because I go to a lot of pot lucks and potato salad is what I do when I'm being cheap and lazy.

The whole experience from start to end just smacked of poor effort. Starving Artist on St. Clair West, you have made my black list.笑
Pretty decent waffles, etc. I like this location because they aren't any wasps (insect variety) like the original spot on Lansdowne. The downside to this place is that there are a lot of babies. 

Babies or Wasps? Your call.笑
This is my second visit and the food was as good as it was on my first 

I agree with a lot of comments that the service is slow, waited way longer than expected for our food 

Ordered tea- no milk came - come on I'm from the uk .... Lucky I don't kill you for giving tea with no milk 

Got water for the table. Glass sent back as it was dirty

The area itself is needing some tlc as its looking worn and dirty 

Positives - the food, why you come really isn't it ..... Brilliant portions and tastes amazing! So fresh
Potato waffle was warm and fluffy 

If you're passing try his place, not worth going out your way however笑
This is a great space with ok food. I ordered scrambled eggs and mini waffles. It came with bacon and a mix green salad. The eggs came as an omlet (ummm ok?) and were burnt. The waffles were ok, they seemed kind of stale and were cold. The bacon was really good and the salad looked so underwhelming, neither my friend or I ate it. 

The best part of the experience was the latte I ordered and the fact that we were sitting in the sun. The staff is very friendly, but the food is definitely underwhelming and I probably won't go back.笑
Attended today (Sunday) for brunch. We were a table of 3, arrived at 11:30 and waited about 20 minutes of a table. Grateful they sat us without our third person, as she arrived 10 minutes after we got our table. 

Service isn't great - that's for sure. It took forever for our waitress to take our orders. The food definitely made up for it. 

I had the B. Benny which is eggs benny on potato waffle. SOOOOOO good! The potato waffle is basically crispy mashed potatoes. The hollandaise is great. The dish came with a yummy salad and fruit...very filling plate. 

Note, food arrived fast - about 15/20 after orders finally taken. 

One of my guests had the salmon benny on reg waffle, the other had a fruit waffle - everyone happy. 

Would definitely go back!笑
A-mazing! That place is so good, if you love waffles, then come to this place. The service was fast and it has a great atmosphere.笑
I don't know what everyone is complaining about! I for  one had a wonderful time at Starving Artist when my friend and I headed there for brunch on a Sunday after yoga!! The decor is inviting and not pretentious, the servers are polite but not intrusive, and the food was sizeably portioned and really hit the spot. The prices are decent too. I had the eggs benny with tomatos and fruits, and my friend had the eggs benny with avocado and maple beans. The eggs on the benny were poached to a T and the hollandaise sauce married the subtely sweet and crispy waffle well with the creamy soft egg. Even the fruits were really well chosen: a nice array of watermelon, orange and grapefruit slices, as well as grapes and berries (blueberries, blackberries, strawberries AND raspberries!). I really think my meal was perfect, not only because it was tasty, but also because it was appropriately-sized so I didn't finish the meal feeling like I had just been rendered comatose by a grease truck, which is how I usually feel when I go out for brunch, so that was a nice change.

Can't speak for the coffee cuz I didn't have any, but the next time I go there, (which will definitely be soon) I'll be trying the raspberry milkshake. I saw someone else drinking their milkshakes and they looked gooood.

I would say the only drawback is the long long line-up, but one would expect that for any decent brunch place. That being said, the staff treat you well while you're waiting in line and do their best to get you a table as quickly as possible. I might mention that they also have comfy couches for you to lounge about on whilst you're waiting for your table.

It's safe to say that I quite like this place and I think it's a very welcomed addition to the St. Clair West neighborhood.笑
Food was great.  coffee was strong.  CASH ONLY .. atm on the premise.  Service is a little slow which is 4 vs 5. Otherwise love the atmosphere笑
Great place for breakfast/brunch! But also a busy one so be prepared. The first time I came here it took 45 minutes to get our food but we were warned several times before they seated us. The second time, we had ordered and recieved our food within 15 min. Great food, coffee and space. Love the emphasis on art.笑
Food was good! Not great but good enough that we would definitely go back. We ordered the Bennys. Service was ok too. We were there at around 11am and there were only 3 tables occupied. Might be the reason why we got good service compared to the other reviewers. 

By the way, they only accept CASH which sucks because I don't like bringing a lot of cash with me and I prefer to pay with plastic.笑
Went 10:30AM on a weekday. Good music & not too loud. Premises were half occupied, approx 5-6 tables. Most clientele we saw there were yummy mummies w their babies or business brunch groups. Beautiful decor & light-flooded interior - I'd love my house done up this way.

Appealing menu - everything has either mini or regular sized waffles. Attentive service. Lots of choice of savoury & sweet, & also good variety of courses (appetizer waffles, dessert waffles, main waffles). Easy to substitute items to accommodate dietary restrictions. Alcohol also available. Good coffee - had Americano ($3.50). Ordered the Breakfast "Waffles After 6" ($12) which is two mini potato waffles w carmelized bacon & two poached eggs. Mixed greens on the side as well as choice of potato salad, maple beans or fruit side (I picked fruit). Nice presentation of waffles, smelled & tasted fantastic. Poached eggs were just right, there was a touch of sweet to the carmelized bacon, which complemented the savoury potato waffles. The latter are *amazing.* It's like mashed potatoes cooked in a waffle iron so the outside is crispy & inside is fluffy & creamy. Delicious!

The only disappointment: raw fruit & veg left much to be desired as strawberry was rotten & mouldy, orange slice was dried up & black along one of the edges, & a few pieces of the mixed greens were partially rotted. If they could double-check these things before serving a dish, they'd get at least one more star from me. We live in the neighbourhood & are willing to give them another chance since they're fairly new so perhaps they're still going through some growing pains.笑
3 words. RUDEST HOSTESS EVER. 
Not the best move considering you're NEW and trying to establish yourself in the St.Clair west community. Based on her rudeness alone I would not return, but may have been willing to give it a second chance if the food was good. It wasn't. Far better in the area.

Lose the tude, may help you last a while.笑
Great brunch spot. Seems like less food visually; however those mini potato waffles are yummy and filling.

I got the spicy chicken with potato waffles instead of the jalapeño ones and it was a good sub. 

My only issue was there was very little salsa for the amount of waffle and toppings. So was dry after first few bites suggest asking for more salsa笑
Waffles, waffles, and waffles. It's a pretty neat concept. Every item on the menu has a waffle in it.

Came here for brunch on Saturday to catch up with a friend from out of town. We met at 9:30, which was a good decision on the part of the organizer as by 10:30, the place had a long line.

I had the B. Benny (poached eggs on potato waffles and hollandaise sauce), which was okay. Nothing to write home about. Reasonably priced for a pretty good portion, you also have the options of sides. I went for the fruit salad. 

Service was not that great. Management at Starving Artist should maybe invest more time in training their servers. It wasn't that loud, but I couldn't hear our servers at all. I had to ask a number of times for the staff here to speak a little louder. Also, it was a little annoying after we had 5 servers come to our table asking the exact same question. 

Anyway, this area is not close to where I live nor is it my usual stomping ground. I'm okay not returning as my experience here was simply put - meh. 

Good for: brunch笑
i don't get why this place is only averaging 2.5 starts while I write this review.  I thoroughly enjoyed my experience here.  I was with my wife and our baby and the staff was very accommodating and actually chose a perfect table for us where we could fit our stroller.  The food came out quickly enough and it tasted great.  We shared two plates, i think it was called the benny d and the one with wafflles made of potato. The coffee was not bad, I do wished however the server would have came around to top up my coffee.

we had to wait about 25 minutes, so not too bad.  It had a nice vibe as well.

we don't live in the area, but we'll definitely be back!笑
Terrible service! The horrendously rude servers kept us waiting and waiting. When we enentually got seated, it took them 45 minutes to bring our brunch over and even then, they'd got the order wrong, for which not only did they not apologize but also told my friend off for having taken a bite of the food that the SERVER had just brought over by mistake!!!We'll never go back to this place!笑
Relaxed atmosphere and great service. Had the most delectable and rich hollandaise sauce and poached egg ever. Couldn't get enough of the potato waffle and the potato salad was moist and delish.笑
Hmmm starting at the low point because of a 45 minute wait.  But the whole menu is about re-inventing the waffle. Waffle with egg. Waffle with cheese. Should be called Bubba Gump Waffle Co.  Anyways the food is mediocre due to the fact waffles don't go with everything, Service was very slow, I'd understand if it was the first day or week but they have been at this location for a while.
Maybe its the name of the place that makes people coming but its the only good thing this place has got going for it. 
In my defense I was thinking " chefs are artists of the pallete" and that this place must have a  crazy kitchen with some real culinary madness.... I was obviously mislead. The only thing I got to leave here with the thought "I've been to the Starving Artist." Not too sure if that's a good thing.笑
my friends and i accidently stumbled upon this place while in the neighborhood to visit another restaurant, which we were disappointed to find temporarily closed.  they were only two servers in the entire place, but they were both extremely friendly and attentive.  despite the short staff, we did not wait unduly for our food.  and it was simple but delicious.  i had the breakfast benny and one friend had the monte cristo, although i can't remember what the third person in our party had.  however, all of us were very happy and could not have been more satisfied all the way around with our adventure into the world of wafflemania.  it was quite a treat - and the decor is pleasantly cool as well.  in short, we were very happy campers, and for this i give the place five stars.笑
Went in on a Tuesday, great service and speed. The food - freaking incredible. We both had a variation on a Benny and could not believe those potato waffles. Got a regular waffle on the side and it made me want a second breakfast. Can't wait to come back!笑
Super tasty food with very delicious coffee! The atmosphere is really interesting, they have a bunch of cool local art hung up with some fun music. 

We came in for brunch/lunch on a Tuesday around noon, thinking that it wouldn't be too busy. It was pretty packed, but we got seated after twenty minutes or so. Our server forgot our order so we wound up waiting for a bit longer, but that can happen to any server, especially when it's so busy. 

Def recommend, it's a really cute location with tasty food!笑
Aww, so disappointed.  I suffered many hardships to get to this restaurant! There was drizzle outside, it was cold, I saw a rat jump in front of the subway train. But I got there and ordered the fully loaded and waffle bacon.  I saw that it was cash only with an ATM in store. Brutal! What a careless cash grab.  I've been to the Lansdowne Starving Artist many times and they're one of the few restaurants that have a good presentation of food but THIS one does not give a fudge.  The staff were friendly and I think they were making an effort but it still just does not compare to the original Starving Artist. 

The potato waffles were so gritty, dry and overdone in spots and disproportionate to each other.  The waffle bacon had so little bacon and seemed lesser and they forgot my maple syrup.  The place is beautiful though but it's just a shame, none of it tasted as good as the original SA.  I wanted to love this location, breaks my heart. 3 stars!笑
This location sucks ass. Haven't ever eaten here but the first time we arrived at 5:31 the girl had already locked the doors and pulled out the till. She came out and said "sorry we are closed at 530." Came here the day after and it was 5pm, when we walked in there was nobody but the server gave the fakest smile because she obviously didn't want more customers coming in. She wouldn't let us sit anywhere in the restaurant except ONE particular spot because we would be "in her way". Also no where online does it say they stop serving the egg bennys after 4. Thanks to this location, I'll never be coming back to even try it.笑
this was my second time going there and I would go back again. it was very busy but they seated us very quickly. when we were sitting, the service was slow and they didn't bring us water. once we got the food it was very good.l笑
Great service and delicious food. Despite being understaffed, the staff made sure we were comfortable and served. Recommend the potato waffles!笑
The food was moderately good. The menu is unique and I appreciated the gluten free options. However the wait for our Sunday brunch was about 45 minutes. It was also exceedingly slow to get someone to take our order. While waiting to pay, I saw staff texting on their cells. Unfortunately the service lets this place down. If it's Sunday, go to Lady Marmalade instead.笑
I'm going to write my review in point-form because Starving Artist's St. Clair location doesn't deserve the time or effort a full review takes to write.

Here is a summary of my latest experience:

- arrived with a group (which included three young kids) at 12:30pm on New Years Eve day. We were told it would take 45 minutes for food to arrive

- seated 15 minutes later

- 30 minutes later we placed our order

- 10 minutes later we received our coffee

- after 1.5 hours, we inquired with our server how long it would take for our food. We were told "like, about forever." Seriously

- food was finally brought to our table -- oops, completely wrong orders. Sent back to the kitchen

- complimentary chocolate milks were brought to the table to thank us for our patience 

- after nearly 2 hours, we complained to the "owner" that we still hadn't received our food. He suggested, with attitude, that we get behind the counter to help (no, seriously!!!) and blamed everything on the servers (again, seriously!!!)

- colourful words were exchanged

- the manager told us to leave -- in front of a full restaurant 

- we left, baffled as to what just happened

Holy smokes. The absolute worst customer service in the game.笑
I like the vegan waffle option and the price is pretty fair. My major qualm is the coffee, its alarmingly bad. They don't have drip so americanos instead. Very watery, acidic and bitter. If you like good coffee, youre out of luck.笑
The Starving Artist combines all day breakfast foods on waffles with a contemporary artistic atmosphere showcasing work from local artists here in Toronto. Seeing that I am a huge fan of chicken and waffles that was the first thing I looked for on their menu. After all, how can anyone go wrong with the chicken and waffles classic?! If you like brunch and waffles as much as I do for breakfast, lunch and dinner, and want to support the city's local artists, this place is worth checking out!

Get there early or be prepared to wait for a table. Service is also not the quickest, and the servers needed to be prompted for water and when we were ready to order. Food also took a while to be served to us.笑
NICE NICE NICE

Food was bomb but there was a long wait. Don't come here if you have a big group because you'll never get a table. 

The service was mediocre--nothing special. But I enjoyed my meal so I guess it was worth the wait? 

The prices are good for the serving sizes and the food didn't take long to come. It was very filling.

Overall, I would recommend this place to my friends, specifically for late breakfasts or for lunch.笑
Came on a busy Sunday afternoon. The service was pretty good and the wait for a table and for food wasn't too bad considering how busy it was. 

I ordered an Americano and the chicken and bacon waffle and was impressed with both. It was just under $20 per person with tax and tips. I'd come back again :)笑
Worst service in Toronto. Told me I couldn't do takeout, so I just ordered a coffee to go. Took them half an hour to get me a fucking coffee. Been coming here on a monthly basis for a year and the service is consistently piss poor. Overpriced food based on the kitsch value.笑
Went in on a Sunday & it was packed! About an hour wait but great atmosphere. Just about everything is served on or with waffles (savoury, sweet, you name it). I'd visit again but maybe earlier as 12 noon seems to be their peak time. The Brunchwich is what I went for & it was yummy!笑
Eggs Benny where delicious. Reasonable portions, not large which leaves room for dessert. Don't go pee with the door open.笑
Cute waffle joint with a total hipster vibe. I had a normal waffle with some fruit which definitely satisfied my craving for a tasty waffle! Also they have REAL maple syrup which is a nice change from the usual fake sugary syrup. I'm looking forward to going back and trying their more creative and savoury waffles though. Everything that I saw come out of the kitchen looked so good!

A few downsides though:
- You can tell they are severely understaffed for servers so be prepared to wait a little bit
- They are cash only 
- No coffee refills, as you can only order an americano. My husband thought it was too strong and bitter, but it suited my tastes for strong coffee.

But I will surely return sometime to try some other menu items. It's a neat little breakfast spot that will give you something different than going for the usual bacon and eggs.笑
Ok so I went back for a second time and now think this place deserves less than 1 star. The service was horrible this time, enough to turn me off from ever going again. Also, this place is NOT vegetarian friendly. I ordered a vegetarian dish, and half way through I found bits of bacon under my food. I was disgusted and the server did not handle it well. She had a "what do you want me to do about it?" attitude.笑
Having been to the original location, I happy to finally get around to trying the newer downtown location.  This place is much bigger and open than the older one.  As others have mentioned, we also had to wait for a table.  However from the open concept, one can clearly see the tables being full and not just a result of bad service.   The staff were all fine and attentive, not sure why there are complaints about that as I was satisfied on that front.   Too bad the food that was a such a big let down.

The poached eggs were overdone to the point the yolk was solid.  The waffles from the grill cheese waffle were completely tasteless.   The side salad was nothing special and fruit side was not fresh either.  If I'm hungry and nearby the place in the future, it's debatable if I would rather starve or consume their food...coin flip situation.笑
This place has some of the best eggs bennies and what makes it unique is their potato waffles. Would definitely recommend this since waffles is their specialty. Service is not the best though, they always seem a bit disorganized when you're waiting for a table and not the most efficient. Being said, this is still an excellent weekend brunch spot!笑
Poor service, same lousy waffle mix packaged waffles, and microwave eggs. 

Potato salad is packaged,  and coffee is over priced. 

Not a welcome addition to the neighborhood. Try emma's down the street if you want home made food.

If you want assembled food save money and goto mcdonalds笑
I went for brunch here today with a friend and I was really disappointed in the food considering all that I've heard about this place. I ordered the mini waffles, scrambled egg and cheese, hollandaise sauce and an americano. I was surprised when the server said they didn't serve coffee as it's a brunch joint. Seems kinda sacrilegious for a breakfast place to not have coffee. The americano wasn't the greatest and the cup was really small.

The food arrived maybe 15 minutes after we ordered and the presentation and portion sizes were good. However, the waffles were meh. They tasted like they had too much baking powder in them. After a healthy dollop of maple syrup, they were edible. The scrambled egg and cheese had no salt and tasted really bland.

Unlike the food, the service was definitely 5 stars. My server was awesome, very attentive and friendly. Just wish the food could have matched the service.笑
I came on a Thursday for lunch and I was pleasantly surprised. My friend brought me here and I have no idea what to think. I love waffles so I was very happy!

Staff: Very friendly, seated quickly. Food came quickly. We actually had two servers helping us, but it may have had to do with it being a Thursday.

Ambience: I really like the décor. Of course, I have a soft spot for hard lofts and the style of the place reminded me of a hard loft. With their exposed brick and open concept, I started to dream about living somewhere that looked like Starving Artist.

Food: I had the Monte Cristo which was ham, turkey and havarti on french toast waffles. It was really yummy. It was already sweet enough for me so I didn't have to add more syrup. I had mixed greens and potato salad on the side, so by the end of it I was so full!

Two thumbs up!笑
A regular at Starving Artist Lansdowne location... NEVER  HAD A PROBLEM. 

Today, I left this location hungry and beyond upset. Not only was the food not up to par. The salad had a grimy taste and the spicy chicken I ordered had a huge bone in it which you'll see in the picture below.. . disregard that it's a choking hazard but we received no apology for anything today.

My friend's Americano came on a cup with a large lip stick stain. Yes I understand that not everything is thoroughly washed.   But the number of people that touched i (knowing the stain and ignored it).... Before it got to our table .   and the fact that our server disregarded it- full on knowing - disgusts me.

When I asked for a new one for my friend , she simply said "ok, now what can I get you?" No apology nothing. She had attitude and did not do any sort of quality check. It was NOT that busy when we went, and I saw very many unsatisfied customers around the same time as me that were all served by the same waitress. 

Management needs to step up their game in training. I will never return to this location.笑
I'm a total morning person and love the breakfast/brunch focused menus. The menu is decently priced and is balanced between the sweet and savory dishes. Perfect for those people who need to satifsy their sweettooth in the early morns with items such as the caramel pecan waffle or fruity yogurt granola bowl. But I'm all about the savory. My "go-to" item on the menu are their Benny Waffles, especially the Sammy Benny which contains Atlantic Salmon costs only $13. It comes with 2 sides a choice of fresh light green salad or assorted fruits and a side of beans or potatoe salad. I recommend trying their potatoe salad, it's really good. You may even want to up your waffle to a potatoe waffle for a small extra charge. Sadly, Starving Artist will need to improve on their service. From the numerous times I've visited the St. Clair W location service was disappointing. It gets real busy and your caught waiting in line for about 10-15 minutes before someone actually notices you. You will need to get their attention if you want a spot.笑
Gary & I love you guys so much that we keep coming back for so much love & wonderful potato waffle bennys. We are happy to to have 2 options to fill our tummies with tasty treats every Sunday. We have felt so at home here that we celebrated our wedding brunch at the original Starving thanks to the lovely Marianna and it was the sweetest & most savoury day to date:) Taylor, Nikki and Lolly we are your fans forever!!! Xox笑
delicious, but not worth the frustration. 

i will never ever NOT listen to yelp reviews EVER AGAIN. there was a huge discrepancy between this location and the original one at landsdowne, but since this one was closer, my brunch partner and i decided to try it. 

it took us 2 hours between first getting in line and to finally getting our food. i'm usually OK with a brunch wait...it's sometimes a part of the experience. but NOT when this wait to due to an inability to (a) manage staff, (b) hire staff, or (c) train staff...and this location seemed to be suffering from all of the above. the lineup was out the door, and then entire time i peeped through the window to see consistently empty tables. when we finally made it inside the venue, i asked the hostess about an empty table, "is that a real table? we're just two people". to which she responded, "it is but there are just a lot of moving parts right now". so if you read between the lines, it really means that the kitchen couldn't handle the volume. the kitchen is exposed and i saw two food cooks, one dishwasher, and one drinks person. they DEFINITELY could have used more staff. and since this is the second location by the same name, i would expect the owner/manager to have a leg-up on how to manage a restaurant by now. yes, the restaurant is spacious, but there is NO WAY that they could handle more capacity. 

our server was also very frazzled. we asked for the grilled cheese waffle with ham, to which she responded with a confused, "grilled cheese?". and my friend pointed at the menu and said, "yes the grilled cheese"- pointing directly at the menu. we also ordered drinks which didn't come. 15 minutes later, we flagged down the owner and we asked him to follow up. he came back to double-check what variety of tea i asked for. i told him, and he said that they were all out of that variety. so i settled for another. when he finally brought our drinks 20 minutes later, i double-checked with him to make sure that our food order was put in, to which he assured us that it was. 5 minutes later, we got our food. 

the food was VERY delicious. we ordered the starter of grilled cheese waffles with ham, a main of the "sammy benny" which was their take on eggs benny with smoked salmon (on waffle, of course), and a caramel pecan waffle for dessert. 

we probably should have went to the original location, but since location was its chance to reel me in, i won't be coming back. like what i said on my first line. this place is delicious, but just not worth it.笑
Worth the wait! The st Clair location is pretty big but the line made its way outside even in -20 degrees. Everything is on waffles (which is great) and you cant go wrong with savoury or sweet. The service is friendly and pretty fast. It's a good experience overall!笑
I have to say, I was apprehensive about stopping in given their pretty poor Yelp grade, but I was really happy with my brunch! 

My friend and I wandered in after Emma's was closed unexpectedly for an electrical problem. The line was pretty long but moved fast; we were sitting at a cozy corner table with coffee in under 30 minutes. Score! 

Everything on the menu at Starving Artist is either contained within, or on top of, a waffle (genius). I decided on the Breakfast Waffles: two mini potato waffles topped with caramelized bacon, poached eggs and (what else?) maple syrup. Each of the egg dishes is served with salad and your choice of fruit or potato salad (I went with the fruit). Everything was delicious. The bacon was crisp and the perfect mix of sweet and savory, the eggs were poached to perfection and the waffle melted in my mouth. We tried a mini S'Mores Waffle for dessert - nothing special - but a tasty bite to finish the meal. 

We had great, speedy service and tasty dishes with lots of flavor. Give the St. Clair branch another go! I certainly will.笑
Having been to the Lansdowne location and loved it, I found the S. Clair location a bit of a letdown. I opted for the Hitchhiker. Cheesy eggs, caramelized bacon, 2 waffles, a side salad and baked beans or potato salad. 

Aside from the beans, my food was luke warm, with the bacon being downright cold. 

The price was right $11 and it was a lot of food, but over all I was disappointed, particularly given the line up.笑
Disclaimer: Please note, this post is a few months delayed, things may have changed since.

I used to go out for brunch on a regular basis.  My first experience with Starving Artist was at their old Lansdowne location, north of Bloor.  The place was always, always, (reiterating again) always packed!  It was definitely worth it.

The Potato waffles always go amazing with the Eggs Benny!

At the St. Clair location, I agree with previous yelp posts. The food takes a long time to arrive at your table, much longer than we used to wait at the Lansdowne location.笑
it's been a while since i've been here and like i said in my last review i was more than happy to come
back.

i enjoyed my breakfast as much as i did last time, but i did notice (and agree with) the majority of the comments here.

we waited about 10 mins to get seated, when we arrived at the table the floor was covered in food that was wiped off the table and left on the floor.

my cousins seat was wet because the server must have just wiped it down. i appreciate that they're trying to get us seated asap but the cloth used to clean the table stunk and left a very bad after smell on the table.

our order was taken in a relatively quick manner and out food came out in a good time and cooked well.

i forgot that this place is cash only, they do have an ATM there; but the service fee to withdraw cash is expensive. My mocha latte was delicious and i really have no complaints about the service other than the one thing at the beginning.笑
After debating between here and Emma's Country Kitchen, we opted to go here due to the hour wait at Emma's.

We arrived at 1:50 pm EST and it took around 25 minutes after to get our food ordered.

It took almost an hour after that to get our food.
The food itself was pretty delicious (maybe I was just so hungry at this point). I ordered the B. Benny meal which my friend mentioned tasted way better than their chicken waffle sandwich. 

However, like others have pointed out the service leaves a lot to be desired.

I am unsure if it's due to being understaffed or if the kitchen needs to speed up cook time. It was a very poor experience and this definitely needs to change as this place has decent food. 

The waffle everything concept is unique though and our server gave us complimentary drinks for being patient which was nice.

One last note, it's cash only which is kind of annoying to be frank.