This place used to be a Taco Bell (which moved just down the street to the west) but is now home to "Nico's Tacos".  the burritos are HUGE and not bad.  I had the veggie burrito (which could have used some more veggies, but was good for what it had-- your basic beans/rice/lettuce/tomato/sour cream combo).  my wife had a combo plate that she said was just so-so.  this chain comes out of San Diego where they have a number of fans and detractors; apparently you either love 'em or hate 'em.  for now I'm leaning to the love side because of the quality of what I had, the number of spanish-speaking patrons, and the huge menu that includes tortas, breakfast burritos, chile rellenos,tacos and all kinds of other stuff, including french fry nachos.the hot sauce is.... interesting, a strange shade of vermillion.It'd be nice to have some tobasco, Cholula or tapatio on the tables...  it's a dive, but maybe a good one.  have to try more to see.Ǿ
Terrible. Longest wait in a drive thru ever. Just to find out they forgot to put things in the bag. The only thing I can count on from this TB is bad service. Always messing up the order.Ǿ
This location has filled three orders for me in their drive through. Unfortunately two of three times the order was incomplete. They also don't ask customers in drive through if they would like condiments. Apparently it is a new company policy that the consumer must ask for them and employees aren't allowed to ask you if you would like them according to the manager I spoke with. This often leads to drive through customers having to go back to the store or go in side after going through the drive through just to get hot sauce if they forget to ask for it. 

Orders with only two or three items should be easily filled and easy to complete. Probably will not return due to issues with this.Ǿ
Decent service, good food. Try to avoid going late at night. Slower service.Ǿ
Best Taco Bell in Tempe!

Consistently good every time.Ǿ
I had a chicken chimichanga because it was their $5 lunch special. In retrospect, I should have ordered something else that would have challenged the place more. At this point, I feel like I've visited my fair share of -ertos restaurants in Phoenix, and I should have known better to get chicken + tortilla + sauce + sour cream + token cabbage instead of something more complex and interesting. 

There is no reason to go to Nico's when there is a Filiberto's down the street. I might consider going back if I was trapped on the corner of Southern and McClintock, starving, and if I had eaten at that little deli place next to Sunflower Market every day for a year, and I was allergic to Long John Silver's.

It's not that bad, just nothing special. And no salsa bar!