My parents live near Picadeli's Pub and are always talking about it. I have finally made my way there. The rents love the wings here, but I went for the chicken salad sandwich- which took me forever, because all of the sandwiches on the menu sounded great. The sandwich was good, and I would go there again for it. I got the food to-go so I am not sure what the real service or atmosphere is like. But if you are looking for a good deli sandwich, it is worth checking out.Ǿ
Food is great. French Dip is awesome. We had the homemade chips, too.  Good selection of local beers, though we did not have order one.  Service was wonderful and friendly.  Great place to eat.  If your looking for fancy, go elsewhere.  Good food, good price and a friendly place to go- this is a great place to try.Ǿ
Friendly staff, good beer selection, good food, and nice place to hang with friends of family.Ǿ
It's ok. That's about it. Ok. Had fish & chips - think Groton's fish filet with pretty good fries. Hush puppies were way over done
I like my onion rings with a light batter - these were encased in a hard flour + corn meal batter. 
Decent beer selection, but I wouldn't go there for just the beer, need to have good food too.
The sandwiches looked good and guys at the end of the bar had wings that looked decent. 
Probably won't go backǾ
Never been here before.  Walked in and was immediately charmed.  I asked the sweet man at the counter what he liked and  he gave me a few suggestions and I decided on the french dip sandwich.  Omg!  It was delicious.   The vread was warm and soft snd the beefso tender.  The aujus was excellent. I cant wait to invite the family for one of dinner at picadeli's..... excellent!!!Ǿ
We are rarely in this area so, of course, we decided to pop into a pub. Upon entering, I was surprised how small it was and noticed it was an older crowd. Probably explains why out of 4 TVs, only two were playing March Madness, the other golf and racing.  My attention was quickly diverted to the great 90's music they were playing. Nice touch and allowed me to be flooded with memories of Weezer, Cranberries and good ol' Beastie Boys. 

We sat at the bar as usual. They have 11 taps plus one special one to pour the perfect Guinness. Denise provided us with menus and offered to get us something to drink. We temporarily declined as the ardous task of looking for a reasonable ABV and good taste combo commenced. We chose an IPA.

The menu had a pretty good variety. The appetizers were reasonably priced as no app should be more than $8, in my opinion. We got coeslaw (my husband's fave) to go and Greek pita with tzatziki sauce. Not bad but found it odd not to have dill in the sauce. 

Overall, this place is average.  Nothing stood out for me. I guess if one lived near by it's a nice place to be a regular.Ǿ
This is not a deli.  I have been here twice.  The first time I got a pastrami or corn beef sandwich (I forget), it was alright.  This time I got chicken parm.  It was not chicken parm.  The chicken was not breaded.  Cardinal sin!  It also had some seasoning on it that made me think it was meant for another dish and they throw this same chicken on the parm  sandwiches.  The marinara was BLAND.  It is supposed to have mozzarella, the quantity of cheese was so small it was hard to tell if the cheese was mozz or not.  I don't think it was.  I ate half the sandwich, and then ate some left over italian sausage instead, that's how terrible and bland this sandwich was.  I won't be back.Ǿ
Great place to get a great deli sandwich, pita burger, Wings, and French onion soup!  So many options to go with a cold one!Ǿ
Given the suburban sprawl that has consumed Matthews as of late, I was surprised to discover a true "hole in the wall" establishment that has been around for decades and, aptly, residing in a strip mall off the highway, complete with adjoining sketchy alley.  

You can tell Picadeli's has been around a while: the atmosphere is warm and dark with rich wood stained bars and has an unassuming welcoming like a family friend's kitchen. The staff are casual and kind and there is even a late 80s, early 90s arcade game tucked in the corner.

The menu is an interesting mix of things, ranging from burgers and grilled cheese to fish and chips. The star here, though, are the deli sandwiches, where the meat and cheese are sliced when you order and are generously piled on. And we're talking traditional Chicago and New York sandwiches with an amazing potato salad as a side item option. You can also order meats and cheeses by the pound to take home, too.

Killer food, cheap prices, and a local landmark of sorts make this a great lunch spot that I plan to visit again and often!Ǿ
Absolutely THE BEST Buffalo wings in Charlotte. That's just for starters. Burgers and sandwiches are remarkable as well. The staff is fast, courteous and friendly. I eat here with my family regularly. I highly recommend Picadeli's.Ǿ
Everytime I come into here, I get greeted by a smile by Robin. She is the best waitress! The food is AMAZING and the sweet tea is superb! I wish I could give more stars!Ǿ
Several months ago my wife was transferred to Royal Park Nursing Home in Matthews. Right around the corner from us is a treasure named Picadeli's Pub. It is a family owned business run by George,  the ever present host and ambassador of good will. He is great with his customers and staff. Over the seven months that my wife and I have been getting take out from Picadeli's we have developed a great relationship. The food at Picadeli's is always fresh, made with love and care and makes us feel very good when we dine on their sumptuous delights. I cannot recommend the establishment enough and would encourage groups, couples and families to come and dine in or use carry-out at Picadeli's Pub. You will not be sorry and save time to chat with George he will always leave you with a smile and welcome you back in the near future!Ǿ
After reading the reviews for this place we decided to try it.  Our waitress had no personality and the others working this establishment were not any better.  The food was ok, definitely not worthy of the amazing reviews and praise that were originally given. Not worth going out of my way to patronize.Ǿ
Time of visit: Lunch hour during the week
Wait time: 5 mins
Food: Italian sub with homemade chips, good sub for the price, lots of toppings
Drinks: Black cherry soda
Dessert: n/a
Atmosphere: casual, lots of seating 
Service: excellent, owner was very pleasant and friendly
Price: fair
Return: yes, I will return

I didnt have time to get wings, but I heard they were excellent here.

The only reason it doesnt get 5 stars is the fact that I can get the same sandwich for a little cheaper (and closer) locally, but its still a good tasting sandwich and I will return to try some more menu items.Ǿ
Speed review: this is a bar, not a deli. The reuben was delicious & the staff was friendly.Ǿ
As has been mentioned recently, there are not a lot of places around Charlotte that are not chains of some sort or another. Picadeli's is one such location that is most definitely not a chain. In fact, it is rather difficult to describe just what it is.

Up front, it's a bit of a deli (you might have figured that part out). But I don't think I've ever seen anyone actually order meat to go, like you might at an actual deli - though they do have meat in cases, like you may see in a grocery store deli. I suppose you could, I've just never seen it done.

Instead, you are generally seated along a somewhat narrow space and order from a menu. There are certainly a number of dishes made from that meat (or some meat, it could be that meat is just for show), and most of it is done fairly well.

There isn't anything purely outstanding here, but you do have some excellent service - they may not know your name (or maybe I haven't been enough yet), but it is certainly a great place to pop in for a sandwich, catch a game and get a bite to eat that is most definitely not a chain.Ǿ
Always good and fresh    We love Pics!!! The wait staff is amazing! Then wings are always good but the French dip is off the chain.Ǿ
Portions for the sides should've been more. Onion rings were so delicious, but quite skimpy. And where the burger was nice and large, my husband pastrami sandwich was quite small.  The quality of the food was great! You could tell the hamburgers were fresh made, and fries and onion rings and sandwiches were all super delicious. Just the size of things was small. So I left satisfied instead of full and my very tall husband left still hungry.Ǿ
Surprising is one of the main words for this place! I just went in for a soup and sandwich combo. Then I walk a little further in to order and there is a FULL BAR! Everyone was super friendly and helpful! They're open late and you can have a drink while you wait for your food to go... my kind of place!Ǿ
This place is close to the CPCC campus in Matthews which makes it a convenient place to stop after class with friends. The food is good, typical bar food. They have fried pickles which are always a hit with me. I have had the veggie burger a few times which is also pretty good, slightly greasy but good. 
They have a local beer selection on draft which is nice, not many options but any is a big plus for me. The wait staff is great and very friendly. I always see a lot of people ordering take out from here as well which I would probably do every once in a while if I lived in the area but not something I would go out of my way for.Ǿ
If you're looking for a hole in the wall where you can catch the game and grab some wings this is the place for you! The wings are great! The onion rings are amazing and some of the best I've ever had. They have a big screen tv where you can catch the game. I think this is one of Matthews hidden treasures. It's located right off 74 near butler high school in the little strip of shops across from bojangles. It's family owned so of course that always makes ya feel good.  Great place if you're looking for a quick bite, or looking to hang out for a while.Ǿ
Ice cold beer and a great sandwich!! What more is there to say!! Staff was also very friendly, so that's one more thing to say. Great time for a pint and food.Ǿ
Great Sandwiches and pub style food . This place reminds me of Cheers cause the staf is so friendly and they make you feel at home.Ǿ
Good food, good people and good prices.

Hey, this is a pub not Delmonico's . That said the sandwiches are very good, the beer is cold and the service is fast and friendly.

For a good meal with the buddies this place is great.Ǿ
I've been here three times now after being given a good referral from another local business.  I've only had the food for carry out, so can't talk to the inside service, but the lady at the register has been very friendly.  
The main reason I stopped here was for the wings and I was not disappointed.  They are traditional buffalo style wings with a little extra flavor.  I do always ask for mine well done/crispy and they've come out great.  

I haven't tried anything else here as I really like their wings and have been looking for a good wing source in Matthews since I moved here a year ago. 

They will eventually learn my name, because I plan to be here often.Ǿ
Everything we have had here has been excellent. I am especially fond of the wings, they are the very best in town. They have a secret touch that makes it unique and special! Highly recommended.Ǿ
Goto spot when in Matthews.  Never misses.  Good service and the best Reuben anywhere...
My son loves it also and craves their wings.Ǿ
Food was Ok had the French onion soup and it clearly was not as good as they said it was, not very much cheese and tasted like it came out of a can.  Ok but probably won't go backǾ
We have been here a few times for lunch and have enjoyed it. The French Dip is my go to meal (no onions sub mushrooms) and it never disappoints. I have also had the corned beef which was great; their onion rings are solid! Excellent local beer selection and they even have a delicious local cider on draft! The prices are decent (a bit pricey in my opinion) but the service is hit or miss which is why I knocked off a star.Ǿ
Picadeli's has been around as long as I can remember, and probably longer than I've been alive, but I've never visited until recently.  Since I grew up in the area, I guess my eyes have just always glossed over it.  However, last week I drop in for a take-out lunch, acting on a whim.  I was pleasantly surprised.  I can't comment on the service, since I carried out, but the food was delicious!  My BLT was perfect, with a generous portion of crisp bacon, fresh lettuce and tomato, and good bread.  The pasta salad was tasty as well: it's made with some sort of basil dressing, rather than the more common mayo.  

Picadeli's was a delicious lunch at a reasonable price.  I will return, and soon.Ǿ
Good spot for lunch.  Grab a sandwich or a plate of nachos (very good). Always friendly.Ǿ
Great French dips and burgers. The calamari is also good. It is a little pricey for the family but worth it. The owner remembers us even though we only come every 6 months or so. This is definitely a favorite for my family.Ǿ
Beer selection doesn't change much if at all here. They do keep Old Meck on tap though. The food is good and if you like a good corned beef sandwich then they have a really good one here. I order one with double meat and close my eye's and try really hard to remember that feeling I had when sitting and eating at Katz Deli in NYC.Ǿ
I usually only write good reviews but this place doesn't deserve one at all. My husband and I went there for wings. Wish we hadn't. They are known for their "wings", I won't be eating them again anywhere for awhile because of how absolutely gross they were. When we got the wings, they were cold! We told our waitress who then said she would have the cook "drop them again", not remake them fresh! We got the new order which were dry and hot, full of dropping grease and absolutely disgusting.  Our bill was 25.00 without tip. We got wings, side salads, a water and a Pepsi! The waitress was pleasant but that's the only thing about the restaurant that was pleasant. I don't know how this place received any compliments or stars at all. It's sad you pay your hard earned money for nasty food. That's why I unfortunately don't try new places most of the time and this one is misleading by all of it's reviews.Ǿ
Really great food. Everything I have tried so far has been up to par . They make everything fresh. And the locations is easy to come and go. It may look small from the outside but there is plenty of seating on the inside and they also have take out if you are in a hurry .