We went here to celebrate the anniversary of my BF's parents. 

The food was very tasty but sadly the service was seriously lacking.

My bf's family made a couple of small requests (dosa fillings on the side) which were all but ignored. By the time everyone's meals had arrived, people were just too hungry to send anything back.

If you don't mind rude/uninterested slow service with tasty food, check this place out.Ǿ
ORDER: Masala Dosa, Sweet Lassi (don't get it), mango shake

Pros:
- Huge selection of food; from my understanding, they have a buffet (I believe at lunch time), however I've always stopped by for dinner, never lunch
- Offers interesting novelty foods- masala dosas are definitely different from the typical perception of "Indian cuisine"
- DISCLAIMER: When the menu reads "SPICY", trust me when I say... IT IS REALLY SPICY. I've ordered dishes here that didn't even state (on the menu) that they were spicy, but they were. Their dishes make my tongue cry sometimes... 

Cons: 
- Restaurants that offer meat dishes typically offer vegetarian options... why is it not the same vice versa? The Nilgiris is an all vegetarian restaurant
- Service has gotten worse over the past year (I'm a regular). Their waiters used to be girls who were more attentive to customer needs.
- This isn't necessarily a con-- but just keep in mind that you're supposed to go up to the register when it comes time to pay (they don't bring the bill to you). 

They've started to cheap out. I used to receive potato salad with any/every meal that I ordered here and they've taken that away. Also, the last time I ordered masala dosa, they cut my meal up into rectangles... WHY?! The waiters also tend to listen to my needs/orders and don't come back at all. If that's the case, I'd rather settle for typical indian cuisine where my needs as a customer are met . NO SIR, I DON'T WANT SOME MORE.Ǿ
Good food, but cooled fast. Should play some music, felt like a cafeteria. Beautiful paintings contrast the plain tables and walls. Sambar portion REALLY SMALL, not happy with extra charge of asked for more. staff seemed to be in a rush and dropped dishes a few times.Ǿ
Terrible service. Food is not that great either. You will find better south Indian restaurants in the area.

Don't even think of going there if you are not prepared for waiters passing you with food without even looking at you, when it is supposed to be Buffet on weekends.

Arrogant servers.

When I questioned one of the guys, he tried to explain their style of buffet to me.

Avoid at all costs.Ǿ
Food was delicious
Authentic South Indian resto
We arrived at 6.00pm and got amazing service
Way better than Guru Lakshmi
Much cheaper than other South Indian restoǾ
The food doesn't have the typical South Indian flavour. Not worth it. The Nilgiris in Markham is much much better and better serviceǾ
The dosa here are huge and they were delicious. Definitely the best tasting South Indian restaurant I have been to. We requested green chilli to be added for extra spice, and it was amazing. Got vada as a starter, and they were so good. Quite some wait time as they were really busy, but definitely worth it.Ǿ
Average food. Did not like taste much. I am a fan of south India food and really very very picky about dishes. Service was ok. I would rather go for other options. Idli Chilly was very dull in flavour. Coconut chilly uttapam was ok too.Ǿ
I went here for the first and last time. The rawa dosa was served half hour later and service was poorǾ
It has a good south indian buffet. Went for lunch and enjoyed all the items in buffet there. Service was ok. Its the food which i liked so 4 starsǾ
The food and variety are great for the price.  The only problem is the service.  Its really bad and they make you feel really uncomfortable. .