Not sure how long this place will last! It's always empty...

I understand they got rid of popeyes because the chicken at Popeyes isn't always hand slaughtered Halal. But I think they will realize, majority of their customers don't buy chicken for it being Halal. Instead of here, we now drive to the Popeyes at Markham Rd and 16th Ave. Which is consistently busy.

The biscuits here are weird, nowhere close to the Popeyes biscuits. Prices are expensive, and quality not as good as Popeyes I found.Ǿ
Came here for lunch, ordered 3 pcs chicken tenders, 4 pcs dark meat, Cajun fries, rices and beans, and a biscuit. $15.25, pretty good price.

Everything was made to order, wanted to order rotisserie a chicken, told me have to wait 30 minutes and next time to call and order ahead. 

Another customer walked in and wanted Cajun fries poutine, fries are also made to order - so everything comes really fresh.

The chicken tenders was the special of the day, $3.99, they were really good deal.  They ended up being really tasty and perfectly crispy. Nice big pieces too.

Fried chicken was the super juicy, the juices were dripping right out as we were eating it. The batter wasn't too thick but super crispy!!

I would also say the Cajun fries were not bad either, but not the best.

Definitely better then Popeyes and KFC, would recommend you try this place if you like fried chicken!!! Just make sure you order ahead.

Since everything is made to order, I'm excited to try their rotisserie chicken next time.Ǿ
Always down for some chicken, nice people but the cook with the bushy beard looks extremely creepy will take a peek at you if you are a girl... but won't me from eating chicken...Ǿ
The fries are over cooked, close to burned. The butterfly shrimps are also overcooked. The chicken tenders are OK, just OKǾ
Checked this place out because I used to come here when it was popeyes, went on a Tuesday for their 2.69 daily special for 2 pieces. Walked in, place was empty , this is where I should have left.... anyways I ordered the 2 piece with a side of red beans and rice... the kitchen staff went to the counter scooped it into the small white container and then disappeared into the back.... was thinking he went to get a lid or something..... at this point I noticed how dirty the kitchen was... and  after what seemed like 2 minutes.... heard a familiar beeping of the microwave... at this point I was regretting ordering a side.... I asked the cashier (looked like the owner) for a refund because I doubted the freshness of the food... shes goes "what u never use a microwave to heat up food??? " ... I reply to her.... not when its supposed to be fresh and from the steam table ... and she continues to argue that its fresh or asking if i want other "fresh" sides.... at this point i just give up, ask for a coke instead and leave, promising never to come back. 
..... on a side note... to be fair the chicken isnt half bad.... not better than popeyes tho. Anyways, I dont know how long this place will last, but I garuntee that  if thats how they do business, the longer they stay open the more the food quality and "freshness" will drop. Enjoy at your own risk!Ǿ
Came here on a Friday to grab a quick bite to eat. The restaurant isn't very crowded; it's more of a takeout place, but there are tables if you want to sit and eat there. 

The fried chicken is bomb, and with specials giving 7 pieces for $13 (mixed pieces of breast and leg), it's also cheaper than both Popeyes and Mary Brown's. (The special is a dine-in special, but they offered to give it to us to-go.) The chicken was crunchy and juicy, and it was still hot from the fryers. The portions were also pretty good. The Cajun fries are more substantial than Popeyes and are a nice addition to the chicken, but I could've used a little more seasoning. 

Overall, I'd definitely come back. Glad I found a solid fried chicken place around here. 

TL;DR: A good fried chicken place for takeout. Good deals; fresh, crunchy chicken. Better than most franchises.Ǿ
When they say Krispy they really mean it! Very crisp batter on the chicken, which was moist and flavorful on the inside too! Absolutely love their Kajun fries...so nom worthy! Wish they had more locations.Ǿ
Straight up delicious fried chicken for totally fair prices. What more can you ask for?Ǿ
If I lived near here I would go everyday! (Okay not really, there only so much fried chicken a girl can handle.) But, the friend chicken here is amazing! Just go go go!Ǿ
It didn't take long for the food to be ready and before long, I was crunching my way into the fried chicken. We chose two pieces of the chicken to be mild and two pieces to be spicy. I really liked the spicy version. It had just enough kick in the spice for it to be so flavourful and delicious. I absolutely loved the crunchy skin of the chicken as well. It reminded me of KFC's flavourful chicken except that this one was even crunchier. The pieces were a good portion too. The chicken meat under the skin was very tender, moist, and juicy. I loved this fried chicken! It was one of the best fried chicken I've ever had!Ǿ
ILOVEMAKONNEN was probably talking about Krispy's Tuesday special when he wrote the song 'Tuesday'. If you don't already know, Tuesdays are when dreams come true as the Louisiana Cajun 2piece is $2.89 with a choice of a 99cent side. You're welcome.  
Me and my homeboys ordered 4 Tuesday specials with 2 sides of Cajun fries and let me tell you those Cajun fries should not be treated like a side ting. They were so fluffy and pillowy I could sleep on them, escape the gruelling tribulations of life, and never wake up. Now, even if you "don't eat spicy", PLEASE order the spicy chicken over the mild. I think the spicy seasoning is laced with crack cocaine or Tupac's ashes or something because it had me ravaging over the leftover bits in the box like a proper savage. Overall, 10/10 recommend. Krispy's is not the place you take a girl on a date to get to share your hopes and greatest dreams and have wholesome conversation. Krispy's is a haven where you sit in comfortable silence with your day 1's and indulge in some Southern comfort.Ǿ
I come here often and I am a regular customer ! The food is great and it's not too greasy ! Their fries are amazing !! Way better than Popeyes in my opinion. They have daily specials just like Popeyes. 

If you would like to order higher quantities the guy usually give you a nice deal as well ! They are super nice !Ǿ
Wanted fried chicken snack so looked up yelp and found this place. Lucky me it was close and a former Popeye's. same owner new name.  Good fortune it was Tuesday and got a two piece special.  Had an option for a side for 99cents more.  Took the corn on the cob. This is where my good fortune went away.  Chicken was okay.  Not too salty but didn't have that crunch I remember popeye's has.  The drumstick was fine but the thigh had a strange taste.  Like it wasn't clean.  Got the corn 5 min later and was shocked it was 1/3 of a corn.  Tiny.  "It is 99 cents" the lady mentioned.  Not a good reason. I would have been more upset if I paid the regular 1.69 price. One bite and it was completely over cooked. Just ruined it and chucked it one bite and 15 seconds after getting it.  I mentioned the overcooked and the lady didn't care.  As an employee or owner I would be concerned if a patron did that.   I like a deal but not the expense of quality.  The food game is competitive. I would have gone back if the lady responded to my disgust on the corn.  But I doubt I ever will now.Ǿ
Alright. I've read a lot of reviews saying its a popeyes ripoff etc etc. One thing is for certain, the taste is far superior compared to popeyes. I've had lots of popeyes BTW, I love popeyes but if we do have a party, I'd buy and serve my guest krispys. First, the chicken is more juicier compared to popeyes. Not too much flour or breading. Also, the owner is generous , well at least to me whenever I order. I get an extra drumstick or get more thighs to drumstick ratio when getting a bucket. the only thing that popeyes have an advantage is their fries, biscuit and gravy. but krispys chicken game is on point.  their spicy chicken is actually spicy. I'm rating 3 not because of the chicken, but the fries biscuit and gravy needs upgrade. chicken gets 5 starsǾ
Pretty tasty fried chicken. Nice family run place, people are very friendly. Fried chicken is pretty similar to Popeye's and they have similar daily deals.Ǿ
Been here many many times as piano class is in the next plaza! Anyways, the food here is definetly pretty good!

This time, ordered the 3 piece tenders with fries + popcorn chicken. The tenders are definetly juicy and crisp, but fries were limp and had a bit of a weird aftertaste. It didn't really taste that "kajun" but it did have the regular paprika, salt, pepper flavor and was adequately seasoned.

The popcorn chicken is awesome! Juicy "real" chicken, not that KFC puree stuff. Big pieces, and you could see the juice if you squeezed it. Batter was a bit oil logged but was nicely crisp. Curiously, the batter was a bit bland while the meat was flavorful! Usually it's vice versa. If you're here, definetly order popcorn chicken instead of nuggets, it's juicier, cheaper, and I find the nuggets are sometimes dry unless they're straight out of fryer!

Now, the staff is very nice. I think a lot of regulars come in as while I waited a few people came in and ordered but the staff called them by name, asked how they were, chatted, etc. Food came out a bit slow (10 min) but this was at 8:45pm so it might be they had to make fresh stuff.

Overal, it's good.Ǿ
Chicken is juciy, highly recommend the tenders. i literally go there like everyweek. fries taste like absolute shit though.Ǿ
Across the street from Markville mall's Walmart where Popeye's used to be, I happened upon the best fried chicken I've had in many years! The batter is lighter than most, crispy, not very salty, but the meat was moist, tender, and had a nice balance of marinate and chicken taste. Fried chicken that taste like chicken, imagine that! I've been to the Stockyard, and I have to say by far this is my new favorite. In case it matters to you, Krispy uses hand slaughter Halal chicken. Goodbye, KFC, so long Popeyes.  Krispy is my new fried chicken place.Ǿ
I came here after reading all the great reviews. It is located right across from Markville mall. At first glance, you'd think that it's some small chain fast food restaurant. The interior of the place is quiet old, with a few wooden tables & desks. However, the server was friendly and welcomed us into the store. They have daily specials that are all below $4. Sides can be purchased with any order for an extra $0.99. 

We ordered the 7 piece meal with one Monday special, which came with 3 tenders. So for a total of 10 pieces of chicken came up to $14. Not bad at all for its value. We also added the Cajun fries to our order. 

The chicken tasted a lot like Popeyes chicken, but juicer & bigger. The fries were outstanding ! Would definitely come back for more fried chicken.Ǿ
This is my go to place for fried chicken.  Real halal meat and I think the prices are slightly cheaper than Popeye's.  Also it seems less greasy as well.Ǿ
I picked up dinner for 4 adults and 2 children this evening.  The customers services was excellent.  I would even say it was above and beyond.  We didn't know how many pieces to order.  He asked us how many were eating and if we liked biscuits (the children don't like them).  He recommended 12 pieces with one large fries (children love fries).  This turned to be the perfect quantity ( = no up selling).  He even asked the kitchen to make a fresh batch (all not spicy cause children can't eat spicy).  We took the food home.  The chicken was fresh, juicy, marinated, thinly battered.  The batter was crunchy, not overly oily, and tasted great with spices.

This is not fancy food.  This is down to earth, old fashioned fried chicken done right.  Together with good value, and friendly customers services, I can't think of one thing to complain.Ǿ
Excellent service and tasty food. Clean. Service was quick. Sitting area was not that busy but saw many ppl come in for takeout.Ǿ
I came here after 8 pm, all biscuits are sold out. I picked up Thursday special $3.99 for 3 pcs chicken and $0.99 side dish or drinks. I choose regular and spicy chicken, I like the spicy one and not too hot. Their chicken is juicy and not so salty, their fires are amazing!
I will come again and try their biscuits.Ǿ
So I work pretty close by and I'm always down for some fried chicken. I decided to pop on by to Krispy's looking for some nice fried chicken. The first time I had it I went with a bunch of people and got a family pack. We had to wait a bit for him to cook up a large batch of spicy chicken for us but once it arrived BOY! Was the skin crispy. It was exactly what fried chicken skin was suppose to be. A No holds barred greasefest kinda fried chicken. Hot, spicy, and Krispy (get it???). Unfortunately the gravy and fries had more to be desired. The gravy had a weird consistency and the fries were limp, definitely not Krispy (I wonder how many times I can use that pun?). It is important to note though that fried chicken always tastes great when it's hot and fresh so take this with a grain of salt. I went back for their other deals and had some nuggets which were great. You can really taste the chicken (duh right?) and not the fake stuff. Fries once again were not up to par so it wasn't a fluke that the fries were bad the first time.

All in all I still like their chicken which is the main attraction. Their deals usually doesn't come with fries so you can still enjoy a nice deal without having any fries.Ǿ
Yum, juicy chicken! Just the way I like it!

After reading the rave Yelp reviews here (and a positive rating from one of my friends), I decided to stop by here for dinner last night. I only realized after ordering that it's a Halal restaurant, but that's okay. Better for my mom though whenever I take her here!

We ordered the Tuesday special, which is two pieces for $2.69, add 99 cents for a side. We ordered two of them, and had the onion rings and cajun rice as sides. The thighs and drumsticks were probably some of the juiciest chicken I've had, miles better than KFC, Popeyes, and Coney Island. The cajun rice was decent, while the onion rings were okay as well, but nothing too spectacular. We ordered a third Tuesday special after finishing two and the cashier gave us a breast and a drumstick. The breast was a lot drier, which I guess was to be expected.

I would take away one star from the hot sauce, it was ridiculously salty instead of it actually being Louisiana spicy. Other than that, definitely will come back!Ǿ
Pieces are big, very crispy on the outside yet still super juicy and tender on the inside.Ǿ
WARNING: THIS PLACE IS BETTER THAN KFC & POPEYES PUT TOGETHER !!!! 

Came 2 days ago and ommggg. I'll never eat at Kfc/Popeyes ever again because of the quality of their food!

1) Krispy's chicken sandwich is juicy and fresh, NEVER DRY. 

2) Their chicken pieces are not oily or greasy; they are very juicy in fact and their chicken piece are big and have lots of meat on them, unlike kfc. And you can actually eat the skin unlike Popeyes lol. 

3) They live up to their name when they say KRISPYS. 

4) Kajan fries  BOMB. I dream about them haha

4a) Biscuits are so sexyyy 

5) Excellent/Fast customer serviceǾ
I can't believe I notice this palace until recently. Deep fried chicken was delish. You can choose regular or spicy. I went with spicy; batter was nice and crispy. They have daily specials.
Definitely recommend this place if you are in the are and craving fried  chicken. Tue and thu specials are the best.Ǿ
Overall i would say i was satisfied! Was craving for fried chicken for lunch I wanted to try something new so i gave this place a try. I came in with absolutely no expectation. First for those who care, they r advertising the chicken as 100% hand zabiha halal which is an added bonus because u can really taste the difference in taste. It is not machine processed like most other fried chicken joint. On to the menu now, they have everything u expect from a fried chicken joint but they also serve rotisserie chicken as well. I had the Monday special 3 pcs Tenders for $3.99 plus i added fried and drink which came up to total ~$7. They made the chicken fresh to order so I waited around 10 mins but it was worth it. Chicken tenders were moist and hot. The spicy fries were good. It is located right next to legendary Johnnys Burger in Scarborough. I would recommend this fried chicken joint to at least try it once. 

Fave dish: Chicken TendersǾ
Great chicken. Great value. Not as oily as Popeye's.Ǿ
Ordered the Tuesday deal. 2pcs for $2.89. The taste is exactly what you would expect if you knew what was here before it became Krispy'sǾ
I order the 4 PC Combo with Cajun Fries ($9.19) and it was really good. The Chicken wasn't too oily and it was crispy indeed. The staff was friendly and prompt. They have specials daily. Worth a visit. Good place to sit down and enjoy some good old Fried Chicken.Ǿ
This place was really good when it was a popeyes. Don't bother with the rotisserie chicken here.  It's not worth the wait.  Fried chicken is ok, but the popeyes on the next corner is a better choice even though it's not as good as the popeyes that used to be here.Ǿ
Very similar to popeyes' chicken. Even the daily specials are almost the same. I would prefer the taste of popeyes' even though popeye is slightly more expensive.Ǿ
Went in for Toonie special - 2 piece chicken for $2.89.

This place is a flooey Popeye's (knock-off) 

Every item on the menu is identical to the bigger chain. However the quality of food wasn't.  The chicken was dark brown instead of that golden coating Popeye's has.  

It is probably because this is a family ran restaurant (owner is cashier), i could tell from her attitude. She is probably a very nice lady- but i got a very frugal energy from her off the bat. Seems like even though they have the same formula as their former franchise- they don't have the same standards and it was obvious they use their oil longer or do not filter it as often.  I could tell from taste and from my experience working in fast food during my teenage year- not changing oil is extremely unhealthy and bad tasting!

Most likely  won't be back.!Ǿ
I ordered food for delivery today in total 3 combos- a chicken sandwich combo, 3 piece tender combo and a 3 piece Bonafide. The food was delivered within 30 mins and it was fresh and crisp! We all loved our meals and are definitely going to be regulars there. Thank you for your hospitality.Ǿ
These guys make fried chicken right. I stumbled upon this place after another place we were going to was closed. For the price, the food here cannot be beat.Ǿ
One of the best chickens I've had. There's no going bak to KFC/Popeyes once you start coming here! I ordered 7 pieces for $12, available in original or spicy, and of course I had to get the spicy ones. They are super juicy and tender, full of flavours, and the exterior was really crispy. I've heard their cajun fries are pretty good but I haven't gotten around to trying those yet. Will definitely be back as it is conveniently located right across from Markville Mall.Ǿ
Fuck Popeyes! Support your local chicken stores. Definitely belongs in the pengest munch. Better price point with no sacrifice of taste. A bit oily but what do you expect, it's bathed in oil to get cooked.