We were planning for a weekend breakfast but found out that they are not open till 11 am for Lunch. The food was on the greasy side. The dosa's specially were too greasy. The Masala (bhaaji) for Dosa was almost mashed potatoes ! The upma was on the greasy side as well. Would have liked other south Indian specialties rather than biryani and chana masala for lunch. Idlis were good. Medu wadas were OK. The south Indian coffee was too weak and not worth the extra price. Sambhar was OK.Ǿ
Never again!! 
I've come to realize that I will never find a dosa place as good as Guru Lukshmi. 
When I entered, the fact that there was only one table occupied made me doubt my choice of going in. There was only one server, whom I assume was the owner as this was a family owned restaurant. But yeah, I only saw one chef and one server in the entire restaurant.
The server was quite unpresentable in the way he spoke and dressed. This is a business that requires interaction and presentation, so I feel that they should try and look a bit more professional.
We wanted to start off with the potato bhajia and then the mysore masala dosa and the thali. After placing our order, apparently all they had from the entire menu were the dosas and a few of the south indian appetizers. But other than that everything else on the menu was not available! I honestly wanted to bolt then and there, but did'nt want to look too rude, and so ended up staying and requested for a paneer bhurji dosa instead of the thali.
What scared me the most was that our dosas arrived in less than 2 minutes (literally), which made me question the freshness of the food. Yes dosas are quick to make, but the stuffing such as the paneer bhurji should take at least 5-7 minutes MINIMUM! 

Taste:
Ok, I did find that the dosa tasted better than the ones I've had at Saravanna Bhavan and Anjapurna Chettinand, and were not too oily. But this was the thinnest dosa I have ever seen/eaten! Once done I felt like I hadn't eaten anything, therefore we had no choice but to order more food. 
After around 10 minutes of struggling to get any sort of attention from the server, we asked for the idly sambar and the dhai idli (amazing at Guru Luksmi).
Again, this was served within 2 minutes. 
My first bite of the dhai idli and I felt sick. It just tasted off to me. The dhai (yoghurt) was watery and completely bland with no salt or spices, and the idli was paper thin, crumbly, and tasteless too. 

Price:
Although the price at this place is quite affordable, the extra food we had to get resulted in the price to be equivalent to a moderately priced restaurant.

Overall:
Like I said, Never again! For dosa I think I'll stick to Udupi or Guru Luksmi. I rather even go to Saravanna Bahavan so at least I can fill myself up and get some better service.Ǿ
Their food is delish! I have tried dosa's from many places, but this is my favorite now. They have flavorful food and it is reasonably priced. If you like vegetarian Indian cuisine definitely try this place out.Ǿ
I really like the food here... I believe I'm a regular. But they never seem to have many people. In fact, I'm here alone because I wanted dosa and I'm their only customer. Regardless, food is great, price is great. I always leave happy. Today there is only one worker and he does not seem too happy to be here but usually he's very nice. Food was ordered and arrived in less than 10 mins. Had their butter masala dosa this time and it was yummy! Wish I took a pic of it but here is what's left! Masala chai is good too. They didn't have chaat papdi today. I also want to state that I live 45 seconds walking distance from guru Lakshmi and still drove here to eat. Food is good!!!Ǿ
The specialty dosas and uthappas do not disappoint. It helps that they are willing to customize the spiciness.Ǿ
This is my favorite dosa place ever. Even more so than Guru Lakshmi. I know, I know.. Gasp! Could it be? Yes! It's actually great. What makes it even better is the fact that no one is rushing you the way they do at the other place. 
We have eaten here several times and most recently for Mother's Day. The service was slower than normal probably because it was pretty busy but they had just their normal amount of staff. (Keep in mind this is a family run restaurant). Despite the rush, the quality of food was, as it always is, great. I love coming here because the food is always consistent. I had the Chilli garlic dosa and shared the Paneer uttapam on this visit. The dosa had just the right amount of spice. We also had the Mendu vada which were perfectly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. It was my first time trying the uttapum and I was pleasantly surprised. The uttapam was cooked perfectly (think a perfect pancake coming straight off the pan). I especially love the tomato chutney. I wish I could take home a jar! 
Can't wait to go back and check out their weekend breakfast buffet!