The food was tasty, loved the Mac and cheese and the lemon cream pie we had. Service was very good as well.笑
The food here is amazing. I haven't been able to make it back. Now, I am craving this place and I'm going back stat!!笑
Very hole in the wall, very good. Nice selection, we all got something different and no one was disappointed. Even bought a jar of green chile sauce for home!!笑
This is a nice little hidden restaurant. It has VERY limited seating, but it has an open kitchen (which is pretty cool to see them making the hand pies.)
If you like chilies, you will love the fact that you can smell them when you go in, but if you are sensitive to chilies, just be aware.
The hand pies are delicious, I have never tasted such a light and flaky crust before! And the two pie combo is perfect for a light lunch.笑
Great place, service, food is great and awesome customer service. Will be back soon. I  had the chicken pot pie with the green Chile chicken stew and my wife had the chorizo scramble everything was great and for desert we had a lemon cream.笑
This my new favorite brunch or lunch spot! The hand pies are so yummy and such good quality ingredients! They have a great selection of sweet and savory offerings with interesting ingredient parings. Small and off the beaten path but totally worth it!笑
This place is awesome! Great menu with lots of options, a few vegetarian things. The savory and sweet 'hand pies' were delicious and so was the Mac and cheese. Nice clean place with very friendly service. We were starting to get very discouraged that nothing would be open for breakfast on Christmas Eve day. We will definitely be back! A hidden gem in Chandler.笑
I was shocked to know this place has been here for so long and I'm glad I went to check it out. I went with my brother and all of the pies we got (Hot brown, chicken pot pie, Jamaican beef patty and apple pie) were really good but I definitely regret grabbing a dessert pie because my brother's apple pie was really good. The plaza is a little tight on parking and I almost got backed into so keep an eye out for careless people!笑
This place never ever disappoints! I've come here about 5 times and never walked away dissatisfied. The empanadas are tasty and fresh. I highly recommend the hatch green chile potatoes! Prices are good and worth every penny.笑
I have been wanting to try the hand pies at AZ Food Crafters for a long time since first reading about them in the newspaper some time ago.  I finally stopped in today and am so glad I did!  I was deeply impressed with the cleanliness of the open kitchen and was helped by a very kind young man.  I took home seven different types of savory pies and found them all to be delicious.  The meats were lean and the ingredients were high quality.  My favorite was the green chile.  I will soon become a regular, I liked the pies that much.  I will try the sweet pies on the next visit as well.  There is small, but clean and cute dining area to eat your pies there if you wish.  The ones I bought to take home came frozen and heat up in the oven in 15 mins.  I didn't know to expect before going in, but now I know I can eat there or buy a bundle to bring home to freeze and heat when we want some.  I can highly recommend AZ Food Crafters!  From a sales and marketing perspective, I suggest finding another location that is more visible from the street so that patrons can easily spot you when driving by.  Great job!笑
Wow, I saw them on 3TV and was in the neighborhood. I bought a few pies. Yummm!
I wasn't crazy about the dessert pies, but loved the other pies. I don't like nutmeg, that's why i didn't like the fruit. Otherwse I had the ham, cheese and egg, the spinach quich, the pork chili, all delcious. Next timeI will buy more to try. The crust was flaky and light but did not fall apart. I am defintely putting my order in for more. It is convenient that you can put in an order and pick it up at one of the farmers markets around the valley.笑
This place is awesome sauce!its only down the street from me and i think i might be in trouble I had the green chili pork handpie which is amazing and vanilla creme brulee also so good...one of the more decadent creme brulees i have ever had.this place is adorable and i cant wait to try all the other handpies both sweet and savory.They also have breakfast handpies can't wait to try those aswell.great quick food for a good price.I plan on being a regular笑
Oh. My. Goodness.  The food from these guys is insanely good!  I stumbled upon them via GrubHub. I was looking for a departure from the same old same-old and wow, did I ever take the right path!  Being vegetarian I decided to try the spinach hand pie and the veggie greek hand pie. Also, I had never heard of this grain called farro, so I tried that too.  YUM. YUM. YUM!  The food was delivered much sooner than anticipated, the price was good, and the food.....I actually called one of the owners - something I have never done before - to tell him how amazingly good the food was.  TRY THIS FOOD!  You will not be disappointed.笑
Discovered your cafe while searching for someplace new and different to have breakfast this morning.  Three words sum up our experience: Clean, friendly, and delicious. Loved the Yucatan Pork Stew and Lemon Sweet Pie. Also enjoyed the Chicken Sriracha hand pie as well as the Chorizo and Egg hand pie with a side of hatch green chili sauce. The sauce was so good,  we bought two bottles to take home. Carmen enjoyed her Spinach, Mushroom, Tomato Omelette hand pie ad Creamy Potato and Chicken soup. We'll definitely be back.笑
Very good! Portions were a little small and their coffee wasn't great (but that's not what you go for so...). I would like to order a full sized pie from them at some point.笑
What a pleasant surprise. Had the Cubano pie and it was delicious! The owners were there and I had mentioned that I wanted to try their lemon cream pie and when my sandwich arrived it was on the plate. It was also delicious. I will definetly be back!笑
Great find. Interesting food choices and flaky crust. Really enjoyed this place and the folks who work there. Lots of choices.笑
My husband first tried AZ Food Crafters at one of the Chandler festivals (can't remember if it was the beer or BBQ fest...), he has been raving about them ever since.

It took us awhile to try them because their hours are pretty limited and the location isn't the best. The owner told me they weren't really focused on having a restaurant, but they mostly do farmers markets and orders for pick up. The location is clean and open with a few tables in the front for seating.

The owners are very friendly and hospitable. We had a nice chat about their business and the different hand pies they offer. They make everything from scratch and use fresh ingredients.

We ordered a few of the green chili pork and the chicken marinara pie, as well as the brown butter spiced apple pie. They were all very good. The spiced apple was very heavy on spice, but I like it that way. 

I think the price is a little high for what you get ($4 a pie), and they are fairly small, but they are really tasty and fresh. They do offer a 3 for $10 deal so you can save a few bucks there.

Overall, the pies are really good as well as the customer service. I'm a fan!笑
I wish I could have taken photos but OMG I couldn't wait.  The mustard sauce that comes with the cubano is TDF and definitely get the dark chocolate!笑
Seriously so good. From the service to the amazing food. Wish they were more visible so more people can see but I'm glad we found it! Will definitely be back. The empanada combos are a perfect little meal they will fill you up and don't forget to try their creme brûlée!笑
I came to the restaurant originally to buy some of the chorizo and ended up buying several hand and crumble pies. They were absolutely delicious and full of flavor! Maple bacon and egg inside a fluffy crust was so amazing. My absolute favorite part was the strawberry crumble pie!! It is out of this world!笑
Great service! The pies (dessert and lunch) are just delicious! Perfect for snacking! The green chili mac and cheese is PERFECT! Oh and ask for the sour cream/ranchish style dipping sauce!笑
Just tried them for the first time.  Amazing!!  Tried the breakfast hand pie.  Sooooo good!  I'll be back for a lunch and dinner.  Good job guys!!笑
Why get 1 hand pie when you can get 3 hand pies ... rrrright? Well, that's exactly what happened when I stopped by AZ Food Crafters! The man at the counter who was taking my order was patient and gave me a rundown of the hand pies they offer despite my arrival of only about 10 minutes before closing. They offer everything either served warmed, ready-to-eat, or frozen to take them home and re-heat at your convenience.

Of the warmed, ready-to-eat hand pies they had remaining, I decided to get the Apple & the Chocolate Cream. Then I remembered that I could get a free one with a Yelp check-in so I got the Tangerine hand pie as well.

As expected, I liked the Chocolate Cream the best. The filling was made of dark chocolate but it wasn't bitter and it was also soft and fluffy. Yum! Apple was also great. It was a bit tart, but it was the perfect sweetness so it made for a great treat. I liked the Tangerine the least of the three but it was still really good! It was very similar to the traditional lemon hand pie, but not tart at all ... great for this time of the year.

I can't wait to go back soon to try their savory hand pies .. particularly the Chicken Pot Pie! Definitely will be back & will recommend this place to others.笑
Really delicious food. Quaint and located in a plaza. 

The decor could have been better but it's kind of an after thought if you have amazing foods.

I pretty much ate the whole menu. Also had both flavors of the cream brûlée. 

I'm a huge fatty.笑
This scratch kitchen gem earned my 5 stars! Had the pork Hatch chili pie along side the Hatch chili Mac n cheese. Yummmmm! Tender shredded pork perfectly cooked accompanied by a side of house made chili sauce and sour cream made my mouth exceedingly happy. Portion size was perfect. 
The hubby had the sausage pie with house made marinara sauce, he loved every bite. He's a hard one to impress but said "I'll come back" (yay for me). 
Had the sea salt creme brûlée, yeeessss! Will definitely repeat that. Hubby wished his lemon cream pie had more filling, but I said he was hard to impress. 
Customer service was off the charts. Personal, attentive, friendly and informative. 
Location....it was good to be on Yelp, would probably never have known or found the place, but very happy we did.笑
What a great idea! Frozen hand pies to take home or have them bake one for you right there in the store! I was impressed by how friendly the staff was and would like to try them out again. I've had a better hand pie, but I'm not sure if maybe I just chose the wrong one. They have green chile pork mac n cheese that I'm also eager to try and also wonderful dessert hand pies if you're going for more of a sweet tooth. The price is very affordable. Great staff and a neat shop that is definitely worth checking out.笑
This place is a little hard to find. It is on the south east corner of Alma School and Ray.  Its really worth it.  They make a variety of hand pies from scratch.  Very delicious.  I had the green chillie and pork, my wife had one of the breakfast pies and my daughter had the pecan pie pie.  All very good.  Very nice and welcoming owners.笑
This is one of those places that is well worth going out of your way to visit if you are from out of town!  The breakfast pies were delicious! And they have several special pies that aren't on the menu.  I'm definitely coming back!笑
I had a very nice response from the owner who addressed the problem I had previously with the loud music.  He was very gracious.  I actually went back over the weekend (before receiving the owner's gracious response) and I was helped by a very nice pleasant man and as always the food was amazing.  I'm a very satisfied customer.笑
A definite must! Found them at the Saturday market! We tried the chicken and the pork empanadas! Both were delicious, but the fire roasted hatch green chile sauce is amazing! We brought 2 jars home with us!笑
Waiting for a brake job at Meininke and stumbled upon this place and were so glad we walked in! My husband even grabbed a take out tri fold, he enjoyed it so much. Guys are nice and food is good! Can't wait to come back for a pie :)笑
My husband and I went to check out this spot for lunch today and everything we tried was delicious!

I had the green chili pork hand pie with a side of mac & cheese. The hatch green chili sauce on the side was incredible, as was the cilantro lime sour cream. My husband tried the Hot Brown (turkey breast, bacon & tomato) hand pie with Italian sausage and potato chowder soup. The hand pies were some of the best pastries we've ever had! The portions didn't look very big at first but both of us left feeling satisfied. I wanted to try the sea salt carmel crème brulee but was too full by the time we were done eating. 

This is a quaint location that doesn't look like much from the outside, but do yourself a favor and venture in... it's worth it! I can't wait to go back to try the other items on the menu. YUM!笑
I am really at a lost here, I read the reviews again and it really made no sense to me at all. I had 2 Empanadas and the green chillie potatoes and I really did not taste that great to me. The Empandas were meat breakfast ones and were really dry and the crust was hard. I have had much better and they were like 7.00 and were the size of those hostess pies. The potatoes were cold which was weird because I can hear them cooking something in the back and I was the only one customer there. They were not that good even if they were warm because they were hard and not done yet. Well I will chalk it up to it is not my thing if these other people are raving mad about them.笑
I've had this place bookmarked for some time and had been looking forward to checking it out.  I feel bad giving it only 3 stars, but I'm just trying to be honest.

First off, the service was fantastic.  I was greeted as soon as I walked in the door and asked if I had been there before.  I told the man working the counter that this was my first time in and he proceeded to explain what their menu was.  Part of my motivation for going there was the check-in offer on Yelp for a free fruit hand pie, so I decided on an apple pie as well as a ham, egg, and cheese.  I was given a mini hand pie to try while I waited for my order to be up, which was nice (I chose a chocolate one, which was pretty good).  

I was pretty underwhelmed with the ham, egg, and cheese.  It tasted dry and I could hardly detect any melted cheese despite the pie being piping hot.  The ham had a gray color to it which turned me off.

The apple pie was good.  It reminded me of one of those Hostess pies but flakier and a lot less sweet.  I would have preferred the crust to have had a bit more flavor, but the apple filling was very nice - not too sweet and not too tart.  The apples were soft but firm instead of mushy, which was good.

I really, really wanted to like this place, but unfortunately what I experienced wasn't enough to bring me back.笑
The hand pies are very tasty and worth a visit! They are a little over-priced for the size of them though.笑
What a small but amazing place!! This place gives u variety of empanadas to choose from, very affordable and delicious... My boyfriend and I ordered chicken pot pie, apple pie,  Sriracha chicken Philly, lemon blueberry empanadas with a side of green chili Mac and cheese.. Everything was amazing so we ordered two more to go.. You have a option for them to pre heat the empanadas or pre heat them urself it comes with directions and ingredients on the bag.. If you also play Pokemon go player your in luck because they have a poke stop right in front..you also get a free sweet empanadas when you check in on Yelp笑
My wife and I ordered the desserts for our wedding from this place two years ago. They were amazing. Stopped in for lunch today on our anniversary for lunch. Once again, everything was amazing.笑
I discovered a food crafters through grubhub. The delivery was faster than expected and the food was incredible. I am not a vegetarian but i decided to branch out and order the Spinach Cranberry Walnut Farro Salad and the Lemon Creme Delights Hand Pie. Both were amazing! I reccomend ordering from this place and these two dishes! I will definitally be ordering from this place again!笑
I can't say enough good things about AZ Food Crafters. They sell mostly at local farmers markets, but you can stop by their kitchen/restaurant too.  My favorites for lunch are the El Cubano and the Siracha Chicken hand pies. Be sure to try the farro salad as well. 

For holidays, I've ordered several of their custom fruit pies. My favorite was the pear cranberry, that was until one of the owners Eddie offered to make me a homemade key lime pie. It was amazing!!! Best I've ever had. The pear-cranberry is now my second favorite. 

Please try this place and help support local business owners!笑
Everything that we have had from here has been amazing. The pear cranberry pie is yummy!!笑
Amazing hand pies!  The frozen ones are perfect for work lunches.  The mini hand pies are perfect for parties and are a hit every time.  I was really happy when they opened the store for those weeks I didn't make it to the farmers market.  Worth the visit!笑
We tried several flavors of hand pies.  The lemon cream was bitter.  Chocolate was ok.  Very nice owner. - friendly.  Better for take out - not much atmosphere for eat in.笑
When I first walked in, I was greeted with the smell of fresh baked pastry. This was an automatic plus for me. There was a limit in sitting area, but this was compensated by the view we get from the kitchen. I had a blueberry lemon hand pie. The outside of the pastry was buttery and flaky while the inside was soft and decadent. The service there was a little disappointing. I used the check in deal, and when he saw the yelp he whispered to the other server "oh she got a yelp". The other server looked disgusted when he handed me the pie. Although this was a free deal I expected much more from the service. Despite this I bought another pie and would come again.
P.S. the pie wasn't warm. The next time I order a pie I'll make sure to tell them to warm it up for me笑
Great selection of flavorful empanadas (hand-pies).

Highly Recommended!

Friends wanted to meet for brunch, so I browsed my Yelp bookmarks and came up with AZ Food Crafters. Everyone agreed, so we gave it a try - and we were very glad we did! 

Food:
I love the variety on the menu - so many things to try! And since Hatch chiles are in season, AZ Food Crafters has a special selection, which I was eager to try. I ended up with the Two Savory Pies combo so I could sample two different hand pies. I had the Green Chile Pork Empanada (a favorite of Yelpers) and the Green Chile Relleno, one of their spicier choices. I have one word to describe this:  WOW!! The empanada crust was nice and flaky, not dense and chewy. And the flavors were amazing! My order came with ranch dressing and a wonderful hatch chile sauce, which was great for dipping. I must say, while the Green Chile Pork was flavorful, it was also fairly dry. I expected it to be a bit more moist. But the Green Chile Relleno, made with Hatch chiles, was simply excellent! It was moist, and fairly spicy - although not over-the-top-burn-your-lips-off spicy. This one's a definite repeater.

With my Yelp check-in, I also got a free dessert empanada - so cool. I decided on another Hatch chile selection: the Green Chile & Apple Pie with a Cheddar Crust. Holy smokes, was this good!!! If you come here while this is still available, by all means get it!! It was sweet and spicy, and a bit cheesy too. Amazing flavors!

I can't recall what everyone else had, but they were all happy with their selections.

Cost:
My Two Savory Pie Combo was a very reasonable $7.50 before tax. The amazing dessert pie was free, otherwise would have been $4. So ya, AZ Food Crafters has great value.

Service: 
The staff were very friendly, patiently answering all our first-timer questions. It took a while for our food to come out, but not too long, and we all got fresh, hot empanadas.

Atmosphere:
The seating area is very small, probably seats around a dozen people. And the "kitchen" area is just across the counter, which is neat because you can watch the staff do their work. All-in-all the atmosphere is ok, but nothing special.

Overall:
I was really impressed with the food and staff, and can't wait to return to try some of the other selections. This one's definitely made the regular rotation!笑
Checking out AZ Food Crafters for the first time. The store is a bit hidden from Ray Rd. behind the tattoo place. There are only a few people in her this morning. We were greeted as soon as we walked in and recieved a quick tutorial on the hand pie selection. After placing our order we grabbed a cup of complimentary mint cucumber water. It's a bit heavy on the cucumber but very refreshing. The pies are about as big as an empanada or maybe a hostess pie. We had some pies from there savory collection, along with strawberry lemon dessert pie. The pies all came with a dip, sauce, or mustard. Everything was very tasty, we will be back. If you are at the Gilbert Farmers Market, pick up some frozen pies and take them home!笑
What a wonderful little bakery with great food and awesome owners. It is truly an Arizona gem! The lemon cream hand pie is to die for!笑
Yes 5 Stars! It is as good as it gets and I am not just saying that to be bias because I love locally owned mom and pop type shops the most.  I do love the service a million times more than chained restaurant businesses. I especially love when the locally owned businesses are severely welcoming and happy to see customers coming through the doors.  

Lets get on with the review shall we:
Chicken pot pie- A-
Blueberry- A+ (esp when you go home to heat it up and put some ice cream over it!)

I cannot wait to try some of my boyfriends green hatch chili pork and his lemon cream hand pie.  When I was younger I was in love with the little hostess or safeway pies that are glazed with chocolate pudding or apple fillings so I cannot wait to try the rest of the hand pies from this establishment in a few days. So Good! 
It can be tricky to find if you aren't around the area but if you know where house of egg roll is, it is tucked away in the corner in the back. 

The service here obviously gets a A++++ :)
So go ahead run down there and grab a bite its totally worth your time and money!笑
The best grub hub delivery I've gotten in Tempe. This place has the best ham, egg, and cheese hand pie. Taste was awesome, fresh, and something new.笑
wow amazing food cute little  dining area  there was even fresh flowers in a little vase on the table. They had great customer service too. my husband had the green Chile pork hand pie it was tender and spicy but not to hot, so good. I had a mushroom and spinach  hand pie it had scrambled eggs and cheese so good. I also had my first  sea salt and Carmel  cream brulle so good they toast the top with sugar and  sea salt  with a torch  it was cool I got to watch definitely a my new  breakfast  lunch place.笑
Got hooked on hand pies after trying them at a farmer's market then I found that they have a store right by my house! I've been in a couple times but since trying that first hand pie, I've adopted a plant based diet. Only reason for 4 stars is the lack of vegetarian/vegan options. Please expand the menu a bit for those of us who don't want animal products.笑
I give this place an A+. I came here back in 2014 or so and loved it then. After being out of town a couple of years I came back in 2017 and loved it even more I think. Both times I got a hand pie and soup to eat on the premises and then bought about $30 more to take home. I would call them pasties because I'm from Michigan but someone else might think of them as empanadas because we're closer to Mexico. Either way they are delicious and reasonably priced. Their soups are homemade, hearty, and scrumptious in any kind of weather. The only problem I have is the place closes at 4 and sometimes I don't get out the door till after that so it's harder for me to get there before they close than it might be for the average person that gets an earlier start. And the other problem is deciding what flavor to get because they are all so good!笑
This spot is so tucked in the corner that if you are not paying attention you will miss it! The owners are amazing & care so much about the food that they prepare, you will always leave happy. I've gotten their pies at the Gilbert farmers market before, but the selection they have at their bakery is amazing. If you like hand pies, similar to what you would find at Cornish Pasties, but have a hard time paying a lot of money, you must try this spot! The cost is incredible, the service is fast & friendly and you will feel great supporting a local company that totally knows what they are doing.
Side note, they offer the pies to eat at the bakery or you can get a bunch frozen and make them at home. This is what my family did tonight. The Perfect Friday night at home movie night with my lovely spinach pie, my husband's chicken pot pie and everyone is happy笑
You would not guess when you drive up that this is a great place but trust all the reviews. Great Service and outstanding food. Very fresh and taste amazing. Great spot to go for breakfast or lunch. 
The Green Chili Pork Hand Pie was our favorite.笑
AZ Food Crafters has one major problem but it's definitely not their food - it's their name! It sounds like a catering company. By their name alone you would never guess what they offer. Their name should be Awesome Hand Pies because that better reflects what they are all about! Not that anyone knows what the heck a hand pie is either but still. 

Anyway....the boyfriend and I discovered AZ Food Crafters at the Ahwatukee Farmers Market. We were looking for a bite to eat, and they were offering breakfast hand pies so they got our attention. A hand pie is like an empanada or a hot pocket if you will. It's a flaky pastry shell stuffed with whatever they like - eggs and bacon, green chili pork, or apples and cinnamon just to name a few of their options. We gobbled up their eggs and ham pies with no problem!

So last Saturday we were craving some hand pies and went online to see which market they might be at. And we discovered they now have a shop - yay! Breakfast plans complete. 

Their store-front is small but cute and clean. It's all open so you can see their whole set-up. But they have a few tables set up in front so you can eat there. You can also just get their pies frozen if you prefer. We chatted with the owner while we munched on our breakfast. He's super nice and laid back. We enjoyed talking with him and our breakfast was yummy, of course. 

These guys are making great food, even growing a lot of the ingredients themselves- bonus points! And if you check in on Yelp they'll give you a free dessert pie - awesome!笑
Dammit man!  Finally, a place that has killer coffee and amazing food without stupidly large portions.  It seems that many Americans equate ridiculous quantities of food with "value", and overlook the quality and love that go into a well prepared dish.

We had green chili empenada, green chili / cheese potatoes, quiche loraine, white bean spinach and tomato soup, and some killer lemon and pineapple pies for a treat afterwards.

Everything was astonishingly good.  What a relief to get away from silly huge omelettes and monster plates of pancakes and just eat something wonderful, then depart without a bellyache.  

Eat here soon!  Before you die!笑
Glory be to God almighty this place is DELICIOUS!! 

When it comes to empanadas, the outside is just as important as the inside contents. Let me just say the "shell" is a flaky, succulent bite of sheer ecstasy that delicately deconstructs in your mouth with each bite, just like it's supposed to (AND THAT'S JUST THE SHELL!!).

Let's go on to the contents: OH. MY. GOD. We tried:

- Chocolate - extremely rich. I liked, but a little too rich for my taste. If chocolate is your thing, go for this decadent treat.
- Lemon - award-winning to my palate. LOVED. 
- Apple - as authentic as it gets. Yummy.
_ Green Chile Pork - hallelujah thank you Jesus status. Oh so good. 
_ El Cubano - yummy, good to try maybe once 

Don't fret about having to bake the frozen treats in your home oven - they taste just like if you bought them at the store ready to eat! 

The only thing that made our visit even more wonderful was the amazing person behind the counter, Josh. He is professional, courteous, always smiling and hustling! Best attitude ever. 

Seriously, before I tried AZ Food Crafters I was pretty indifferent toward empanadas. Today, I love them thanks to them... They set the standards pretty high!! Don't know that I'll like an empanada anywhere else. 

Lastly, if empanadas don't tickle your fancy, they have other options like Mac & cheese, soups, pork entrees and salads (I didn't try any). But I must say, visiting AZ Food Crafters and not eating an empanada is like going to Paris and not visiting the Eiffel Tower. They're a must!!笑
This is a review of the restaurant experience.

The environment and service are both good, so I'll get right to the food. I had the $6 green pork chili hand pie/chocolate creme brulee combo. The prices are low on the absolute scale, but the portion size reflects this. It will satisfy the average hunger and is about the same size as some fast food places, but there are other restaurants at similar price points that offer quite a bit more food. You do get a side salad with the hand pie, so that helps some. Next time, I would order it with no dressing because the salad dressing tasted a bit weird.

The hand pie and creme brulee were both tasty and made with care. The creme brulee topping was on the thicker side, but the flavor was there.

I liked my meal and dining experience, and I would like to return.笑
Absolutely love this place. Everything is fresh and absolutely delicious! I think I've tried everything on the menu!!! You won't be disappointed!!! Trust me!笑
These are the perfect size and so delicious.  A definite must try for anyone wanting a yummy treat.  I will be back for more笑
Delicious, different and savory. The gentleman behind the counter was super helpful and nice. Green chili pork was delicious. Slight dry, but maybe that's the way they are supposed to be? I would add cheese on the inside to moisten it, but what do I know. 

I will surely be coming back and using them for catering and frozen delicious dinners to go.笑
amazingly delicious. taste great fresh or taken home to freeze and eat later. Owners are great and very friendly as well! 

Sausage and peppers is my personal favorite!笑
What a great place to eat! I would highly suggest that people step away from the norm chain spots and try something new and worthwhile! 

My kids completely destroyed their breakfast empanadas! Being that the portion size was just perfect they were also able to enjoy a sweet empanada as well. I highly enjoyed my breakfast that was perfectly complimented with an amazing cup of coffee. I cannot recall how long it has been since I was so happy to find a place to eat with such great quality in their menu! 

Highly recommend you take the opportunity to try anything on their menu and follow up with one of their sweet delights to appease your pellet with either their seasonal fruit empanadas or their amazing creme brûlée (I loved the salted caramel brûlée)! 

My kids and I are now lifetime patrons! Thanks for the great food!笑
There are few times in life where something exceeds your expectations. Sadly, losing my virginity wasn't one of those times. But, I digress. My wife has been driving by this spot for quite some time and finally decided to look it up on Yelp. She liked the reviews and told me about it. Fast forward to today when, while running errands, I spotted this place and said hey let's give it a try. First of all the smell when we walked in was AHHHHMAZING!!!! It was their "bake day" as the gentleman at the counter called it. Anyways we ended up ordering 5 pies and then a box of mini sweet pies. We tried one of the minis on the way back to the office, and needless to say 1 turned into 6 before we got back to work, that's how good those were. Then the savory main pies. HOLY SH!T. Flaky, delicious crust enveloping the most incredible flavors. To quote the Simpsons "It's like there's a party in my mouth and everyone is invited." The El Cubano was my fav. but the Chicken Parm was amazing goodness. My wife LOVED her Green Chile Pork and also her Chicken Pot Pie. Our co-worker really enjoyed her Spinach and Cheese. And due to some begging we shared a few bites with some other co-workers and they enjoyed it so much a work lunch trip has been planned for his week! GET. YOUR. A$$. to this place now. That is all.笑
We are not worthy!
 So today, I finally convinced my boyfriend to try to this place. He is not a fan of enclosed food items. 
But we were sold here! 
Clean place
Friendly staff!
I get the fact that he primarily does catering and markets. It's his business and it's awesome, I am just thankful it's down the road and if I need one I can get one now.
The goods! 
I had the Combo
2 Mini Sweet Pies
-Lemon Cream( uh lemon is my favorite... so this was obviously delicious)
-Spiced Apple( this one convinced the boyfriend to buy some to take home)
1 Salad
-Celery Root/Apple/ Farro
I had no clue what farro was, but I will eat it again!
The PIE
Green Chile. BOMB. SO GOOD. I loved the cliantro white sauce that came with it. REALLY REALLY GOOD.

The boo ended up having a green chile pork and a bleu and buffalo. He liked the green chile but was all about the buffalo. 
Overall great place. Good Owners, Tasty food.笑
I am an experienced cook, baker and empanada maker, so I am a little picky.  

I have to say that every single thing we ate was absolute perfection! 

I ordered the chorizo "hand pie" which is really an empanada to me.  I got the combination plate which came with hand pie (empanada or pasty) a side of fresh fruit and a side.  I chose mac and cheese with squash.  I also ordered the potatoes with green chile. Yum! 

The chorizo was flavorful, but mild.  No problem, because the green chile sauce really added to it!  I used up all of my sauce and had to ask for more.  Then I HAD to take a jar home too.  :-) 

We do not eat out much, but we used to go to a pasty place down the street a few times a year. No more... this place really hit the spot.  You can tell the ingredients are fresh and quality ingredients.  For the three of us the lunch was probably around $35-$40.  Not sure since we took some dessert pies home.  A dozen for $14.  Perfect.  They were really small, but that's one of the reasons I like this place more than the other pasty (think empanada or pie) place.  Smaller is better because you can try different flavors.  

The hand pie is somewhat small, but with a side and fruit, the meal really fills you up.  At least all three of us left full (I had to pawn off some of my amazing potatoes to my daughter because two sides was a little much) and did not even touch the dessert pies till later.笑
Delicious! The chorizo breakfast empanada was fantastic! If they ask if you want green salsa, do yourself a favor and say yes! Friendly staff... A hidden little gem笑
When my husband told me he went to get 'breakfast' empanadas with our son, he couldn't stop talking about how good it was. I thought to myself that he was just exaggerating because all of the other empanadas (hand pies) I've tried have been alright. 

He forced me to come with our son the next day and I was skeptical about the place. Boy was I wrong. 

Review of the restaurant:
The restaurant has a small dining area but it's very clean, quaint, and had cute cases of flowers at each table. 

The owner/staff:
The owner was incredibly nice and helpful too. While we were waiting for our food, he brought out some Chex Mix cereal and fruit for our toddler, which I thought was incredibly kind and thoughtful! He came by to check on us multiple times to see if we needed anything and to see how the food tasted.

The food:
Seriously, these hand pies are the best things I've ever tasted!!! The shell was so flaky and flavorful and had the perfect "thickness" where it didn't overpower the contents on the inside.

The fillings we tried were green chile Mac and cheese, chicken pot pie, ham and cheddar breakfast pie, and a blueberry and lemon sweet hand pie.

Every single one was so delicious and it's hard to choose a favorite. You cannot go wrong with whichever hand pie you choose!笑
Ska and pastry on Saturday morning! 

Found this place on yelp while debating the merits of getting out of bed. Needless to say, making the choice to come here will make it worth it. 

While it is tucked a way in a small corner, it is easily accessible from the ray and alma school intersection. Upon arriving, we were greeted and given the run down on different option. Guy working there was really nice and made great recommendations. We went Jamaican beef, ham and egg, and chocolate creme.

Will now be a regular place!笑
Simply divine!!! These guys are genii (genius plural?). Insightful combinations of fresh ingredients; perfected pastry techniques; bargain prices... what more could you ask for. The owners are also super friendly and interesting to talk to. Cheers AZ Food Crafters!笑
Checked this spot out for breakfast today because, who wouldn't want a hot/savory hand pie for breakfast and a free sweet pie from a yelp check in?

I ordered three hand pies, maple bacon, Turkey sausage, ham and cheese for my group, plus a lemon cherry sweet hand pie.

Since the pies were to-go, they take approx 5 min to bake so if you're in a super rush keep that in mind. They are then placed in aluminum foil wrappers to trap heat which is really nice. 

The pies itself have the highs and lows. The crust of the pie is amazing and on point, but our group came to the agreement that the fillings, while good, had nothing spectacular about them. Perhaps coming in for one of their hand pie specials from the lunch menu might have been better.

At the end of the day, the food here is good and is worth the price of the hand pie in terms of the effort and ingredients put in. However, if you're looking for bang for the buck in the hearts of quantity of food, this place might not be for you.笑
We've just moved to Chandler and found this place from reviews on Yelp. We were not disappointed. They have amazing hand pies! We tried several savory pies and one sweet one. My favorite for savory is the Ham and Cheddar breakfast pie, and the sweet Tangerine pie is super yummy.笑
We spotted this place while visiting Tumi's right next door.  In the window they say "empanadas", but inside the menu says "hand pies".  [snort!]  "Hand pies".  No, these are EMPANADAS!

So we came for lunch a few days later.

First, there is very little seating.  Be prepared to carry out.  We arrived five minutes before the place filled, so we got a table.  We ordered two different empanadas, two different soups, and then got the chocolate dessert empanada.

First the "cubano".  That empanada was really good.  It comes with an orange sauce that clearly has mustard in it, but also some other stuff.  I don't like mustard, but the other stuff made it OK.  It works with the cubano, but you don't need it.  The cubano is very tasty all by itself.  I probably ate half with the sauce and half plain.

Then the green chile pork empanada...it comes with a green chile sauce.  It needs it.  Without that sauce it's just pork.  It's good pork, but nothing special.  Add the sauce and it's pretty good.

My soup was the minestrone.  Here is where they fall down.  It was not very flavorful at all.  I still haven't managed to place the smell...like dishwater maybe?  Dunno.  Not very appetizing.  The soup itself had lots of vegetables in it, and was certainly edible.  But the lack of flavor was very disappointing.  The broth was almost clear, also.  Which is odd for minestrone.

They other soup ordered was the Yucatan pork stew.  It was good.  I know this better as pozole.  It tasted exactly like pozole.  Which is fine.  But I'm not sure why they didn't just call it pozole.

The chocolate creme empanada was fine.  A reasonable amount of chocolate in there.  Hard to go wrong with chocolate.

I want to give them four stars.  I really do.  The empanadas were tasty, though the pork one had to have its sauce.  The crusts were light and flaky.  Good.  The minestrone was definitely 2 stars, the pozole was three.  They just didn't "wow" me enough to go to four stars.  Maybe 3.5, but Yelp won't let me do that.

I can see coming back if we want some empanadas.  They sell them frozen to take home.  We'd probably do that.  The breakfast empanadas look intriguing, but as we didn't order any I can't comment on them beyond that.笑
The only reason I'm giving this place a 4, is because I kinda had to wait a little while to be served. Since there were only 2 customers at one table, I thought that was kind of odd (but I do sort of resemble a hippie so I'm used to it.). Also parking there can be vicarious, since its a small lot shared by several businesses. Upon checking in on Yelp, there was a coupon for a free dessert pie...score! Take note businesses. that's a good way to get repeat business. But I was determined to try a cross sample of their fare. I ordered the combo with the pork and green chile (hatch I think). I also ordered the mac and cheese. The guy working there (I'm sorry I was lazy and didn't get his name) asked me what I wanted in there, there were a few options, but I only heard bacon, so I ordered it. I chose the chocolate pie as my compliment. I took it to my girlfriends house because she works from home and almost never eats during the day. It was well packaged and still warm. I put it on a cutting board and cut the pies into bite size pieces. there was a salsa verde and something that look sort of like ranch. I didn't try it. The pies were great, absolutely delish! The mac and cheese was also to die for, and we both enjoyed them.

     I live right near this place, and I knew about it because of Fox 10 and Corey were there one morning. There was a picture on the wall there with him and the owners. Overall, this place is pretty good, it's clean, and interesting. They have complimentary infused water also to quench your thirst. The kitchen is an open floor plan so you can watch the pastry being made. I will definitely go there again sometime when my busy schedule permits. Sorry I didn't snap any photos.笑
I ordered a selection (4) pies (or are they empanadas?).

Cubano -- Good
Chicken Tika -- Real good
Chicken pot pie -- Good
Pork green chili -- Good

For me pie (or empanadas) are not unlike pizza...it's the crust that counts.  That being said, the crust was probably the best thing out of all.  That's not to say that the other ingredients were bad...it's just that the crust was that much better.

You kind of have to look for the place because its in the corner of a small strip mall at Alma School and Ray (SE corner), but well worth checking out.

Not sure it's a 5, probably closer to 4.5 but that wasn't a choice so 4 it is.笑
I tried a maple bacon, potato, and cheddar breakfast hand pie from this place at the Gilbert Farmers Market.  It was tasty, but it was not hot enough (and still a bit cold in the middle).  Their stand had an oven in which they put the hand pies in for a couple minutes.  It was $4 and probably would have been worth it if it was hotter.  I guess I prefer fried empanadas over the hand pies.笑
Their handpies are amazing! So glad we found this place. Just bought one of their maple pecan pies and can't wait for dinner! The staff is super friendly and the eating area feels homey and comfortable!笑
Hands down one of my new fav places in chandler. The food has such a unique taste that I love. Hidden gem for sure. Staff was grea笑
This place is amazing! Not only is the food great but the customer service is top notch. Must try the green chili pork! I would definitely recommend this place.笑
Been by this small corner plaza many times and had no idea that this hidden gem was there. It's tucked way back in the corner, but was well worth finding.

The gentleman who helped me was very friendly and helpful in going over the menu and available selections. I went with the Cubano and the chicken pot pie. Both were flaky and delicious.

I'll definitely be going back to try more of their menu options.笑
I have been numerous times for lunch and never been disappointed with my meal.  It is tucked neatly in the corner of a shopping center with tight parking, but it is worth a visit.笑
Picked up two pumpkin and one apple hand pie at the Chandler Farmers Market on Thursday.  Oh my goodness are they good.  The pumpkin was good, not too sweet and filled with fresh pumpkin, not canned.  The apple was amazing and I'm a picky person when it comes to fresh apple desserts.  Yummy.  Definitely my new favorite.笑
Finally this place (which you may know from farmer's markets around the Phoenix area), has a permanent location.  And it happens to be in my neighborhood.
Tiny little place, it seats like 12 people.  And the service varies between laid back and more laid back.  But they are very nice, and in their defense, they are not sitting around but constantly working.  The pies are flaky and very flavorfu.  
I love to get one of their combos (1 sweet/1 savory with a salad), or two of their combos if I'm really hungry.  And then I take serveral frozen pies home...and some times a creme brulee...because, who can pass up on creme brulee.  And believe me, I'm telling you NEVER PASS ON THE CREME BRULEE.  It's to die for.
The only thing i don't care for is the very short hours of operation.  I can never go there cause they open and close in the time it takes me to blink.  Oh well, I suppose my waist line appreciates that.