Sometimes your stomach just screams to go against the gym life and get that yummy burger. Sometimes, you have to listen to your stomach! So what did I do? I went for that burger!

It's a small little place that's apart of the greek shop, think possibly the same owners? I ordered a basic burger with cheese and some yummy fixings. The downside? I never got the cheese I was charged for- dang it! Was the burger out of this world? No. But for a burger, it wasn't bad. It wasn't a greasy mess and the temp was just right. Service was friendly and it was close by. All in all can't complain. I could see myself going back for another go.Ǿ
Absolutely not worth it. Ordered off foodora, not at all what was promised. I got the veggie burger, which claimed to be a "quinoa burger on a ciabatta bun" but was actually a soy fake 'meat' on a white bun with Sesame seeds. Bun equivalent to dempsters that'd been frozen and thawed, burger a flavourless sad excuse for a burger (Ive had better frozen from Costco), the lettuce --which I had to specially ask for--was limp and soggy. 
Fries tasted like dry cardboard, onion rings were ok but way too tough.
My partner got the "the big one", two patties between two grilled cheeses with an egg and peameal and regular bacon. Which was merely ok, but not at all worth the $19. He didn't specifically ask for anything on it, so didn't get any veggies or anything else.
Fries were seperate and extra $.
Literally the worst burger place we've been to/ordered from. Do not go here.Ǿ
Is it bad Yelp protocol to review a restaurant you haven't actually eaten at? Wait, because I've got a pretty good excuse. Big Jack's shares premises with Souvlaki Express, where I was recently inhaling a gyro. While I was there I observed two men - large, sturdy, hockey-sweater-wearing men who looked like they knew their way around a burger - devouring and raving about Big Jack's Opa burger to anyone who would listen. The words "Wow", "incredible" and "off the charts" were used multiple times. Now I'm very much looking forward to giving it a try. I felt that this ringing endorsement should be shared!Ǿ
Got my food delivered through Uber Eats. It blew my mind. Super good. Huge ass poutine and a big burger.Ǿ
Burgers here taste great and made to order.  I like that they have a vegetarian burger as well.Ǿ
This place open up in oct 2015 where no bulls was at back of Souvlaki Express. Well it seen it was a re-branding more then a new place. Same family still owns it and alot of same stiff like redneck burger is still there . I think they have bigger patties 4 Vs 6 but nothing really feels different.

I had the big one which was double burger between grilled cheese with peameal bacon. The meat was as good as remember, good Greek style burger didn't seem anything more unique then I knew. Good portion and price.

Thou I have eaten at no bull a few times and never review it but Big Jack is a good place to eat I like their burgersǾ
I like this place! Good burgers that don't taste like crap. I was worried it wouldn't taste as good as No Bull but fear not. 

Big Jacks offers more signature burgers like lamb patties with feta, pulled pork toppings and grilled cheese options for buns. As for the patties itself, they are pretty hefty without any by product or fillers. You can taste it in the burger as well. 

I ordered the 6oz burger with cheese, which was a $1.00 extra. For fries and drink, it was a total of $12 which I think is standard for a "better" burger combo. You can choose your toppings by touching the screen as you place your order. Nice, efficient touch. 

Giving 4 stars because I waited pretty long for my burger and I was the only order being made at the time. Maybe it's because the patty was big? Was it frozen? It was worth the wait because my burger was delicious and juicy. 

For me, 6oz was too much and they are generous with their fries portion. Easily share the fries with someone else. As for the hidden preparation window, yeah its weird but my burger was fine and I'm sure they dressed with burger according to all the toppings you chose and common sense. 

 If you're the adventurous type or want a change from your average burger, this is nice option aside from the Hero's and Big Smoke's.Ǿ
The burgers are good, decent price, massive amount of fries. Love the staff too.

However, their displayed hours are completely wrong. Stating they close at 10pm, when they actually close at 8. On top of that, their verbally stated closing time of 8pm is WILDLY inconsistent. I go to get a burger around 15 minutes to closing to find that they have been closed for what appears to be a while. No staff in the store or anything.

The food is great, and other than the open hours issue I highly recommend.Ǿ
It would be unfair to write a review... It's closed again...  How unfortunate for me... I would hope it's better than its predecessor... I may never know...Ǿ
This is in the place where No Bull Burgers closed. But it's just a re-branding by the same owner, Tony Tsakanikas. He owns other No Bull Burgers and Big Jack's locations, making me wonder why there are two brands in the first place. The menu has remained the same even down to the signature burgers. (Both brands have the "Red Neck" burger, for example.) The only difference is that the burger patties are now 6oz instead of 4oz, and the prices have increased to reflect the additional beef you get.

Got a double burger for $10+tax. (The No Bull double burger was $8.50+tax.) Patties were very thick. The bun was a disappointment and couldn't hold up. It's so thin that the heel (bottom half of bun) ripped apart as I was eating the burger, forcing me to use the foil wrapping to finish it off. The patties themselves had a distinct mustard-like flavor to them and were a little dry. You might want extra sauce to cover up the dryness.

You must request all of your toppings up front because there are some premium extra charge ones. Unfortunately, this also means you can't control the amount of regular toppings that go on your burger. Actually, you can't even see your burger being assembled because the counter is covered up by some silly graphic reminding us that burgers take time to cook. Harvey's remains my favorite burger joint for precisely this reason -- I love having a large amount of toppings on my burger and I can request enough until I am satisfied. For a premium burger joint I feel this custom assembly feature is required, especially when Subway is across the street and custom assembly plays a key part there.

If you're in the area, Big Jack's is a serviceable burger joint, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.Ǿ
I have no idea what is going on with this place. You order a burger and fries from the Big Jacks restaurant and they go next door to cook your order. The burger wasn't all bad. It was dry though and the fries were the worst ever, limp, soggy and undercooked blah! Won't be returning.