I am sorry Yelpers but apparently my principles have no will power against my hunger. The stomach wants what it wants and who are we to deny it?! Ya'll gotta forgive me but they still get 3stars for bad service but 3 stars for amazing meals. I have had the salads, calamari, soups, steak, pastas etc. I have tried more of their menu than I probably should admit. 
I have come to the conclusion that their food rocks and although they need to be friendlier i may offer "cara de culo" a hug in my next visit. :-) 

You gotta eat here! Lol i suck! 

Also if you look at my pic...the container on the corner is parmesan cheese that the server left at our table so we can go cheese crazy! Other establishments take note!笑
Food : Handmade (esp. pizza crust & pasta) ~  something hard to find from other Italian restaurants. Big portion (we ordered seafood dish which comes with handmade pasta - Giant portion ! Nice salad and cappuccino ! 

Service : Highly recommend and don't suggest to go on weekends - they don't take reservation and caused you take so long to get your table. Lots of servers arouse but we waited for quite long to get the same server to take our order. This needs to improve ! (Maybe because this is Family style restaurant).

Restroom : Alright but not the best (spotless). See toilet tissue on the floor inside the toilet room.

Will I go back again : Maybe or maybe not. (surely not on weekend).

Price : moderate.笑
This has got to be the best in casual dining. Delicious home cooked Italian food......."just like a mama used to maka"! Portions were generous. Everytime the waiter past my table with plates of food i wished i could try it all. Restaurant was packed. I suggest you make reservations a head to secure a table. Lots of parking. Price point was good. We started witha Bruscheta Style pizza. i followed with the assorted fried fish, shrimp, calamari, white fish, served with roast potatoes and assorted vegetables or you had the  option of a side order of pasta. Looking forward to my next meal there.笑
AVOID THIS RESTAURANT AT ALL COSTS

We arrived to this restaurant  with a group of 6 people for a birthday dinner. We were told the food was great and huge portions. We were seated upstairs and our appetizers came relatively quickly. 

The staff don't have any regard for customer service. They made us wait over an hour for our entrees and my steak was dry even though I had asked for it to be medium. 

The waitress working here said that their service is really bad and they had all kinds of excuses when we complained. 

WORST RESTAURANT EVER!笑
Difficult to find in a random strip mall in Woodbridge, I had been 
recommend to visit due to their portion size and quality of food.

Upon entering, thank god I made a reservation.  There was a huge line at the door and the place was packed.  We were not even spoken to within 15 minutes of waiting... though finally we were seated.

My initial impression of the restaurant was that it looked about as nice as a high school cafeteria.

Once seated... we were actually asked to move.  Weird... though they do have seating issues.

We were supposed to try the calamari... though we didn't, it did look like a heaping portion.

The pastas we ordered were average in flavour; portion size was large and we had to take food home.  No prob... one of my favourite things to do is take leftovers and make them better by adding fresh veges and spices!

Overall, the experience was not memorable enough to make the trip back.笑
best liver and onions I have had in my life , huge portions, fresh food.

wish I lived closer so I could eat this every week

good service today also a pleasant surprise , great value for money笑
So Almost feel bad foe giving Desserts Plus 3 stars but for all of you that have been here know why.  This place has been an iconic restaurant from way back in the day but unfortunately the service is not very good.  If you have no place to be and are not in a rush then look no further.  If you are in a rush you may just miss your next appointment.  Slow services, wait staff forget about you, you have to ask before you get anything rather than being asked if you need anything but here is the thing the food is hands down the BEST and the portions are insane.  I have to say that its worth experiencing the lack of service just for the food.  Prices are cheap, portions are huge how can you go wrong.  Just need to be patient with the wait staff and keep it in your mind that you are there for the food and not the service.

I wish Yelp would allow you to rate both the service and the food.  Saying that I will do that on my own for this case.

FOOD - 5 STARS ++++++
SERVICE - 3 STARS

Definitely coming back here no matter how bad the service is.笑
Welcome to Woodbridge.

Everyone is Italian and everyone dresses up for dinner.

I suppose ripped skinny jeans and cowboy boots weren't exactly the right attire for my dinner at Desserts Plus, an apparently casual Italian restaurant at Weston Road and Langstaff, the heart of "Northern Little Italy."

With all eyes on me, I waited for my dinner companion, a real Italian bella, to arrive, and perused the simple but concise menu.

"OK, this can't be too hard" I thought. "Do I want the pizza or the pasta?"

My friend arrived and I settled on the chicken.... Chicken Marsala to be exact.

It came with a salad and a side of pasta. I chose gnocchi with tomato sauce. The food arrived within minutes.

Boy, she wasn't kidding when she said these people do large portions!

We enjoyed great conversation, staff were wonderful and chatted us up, but the food was a bit of a let down.

My chicken was dry and the marsala sauce was too sweet. The gnocchi was bland and her margarita pizza was certainly not best I've ever had.

I reluctantly refused a shot of espresso at the conclusion of our night.

I like Tim's better.笑
Their food is amazing, we always go family style here because you want to try everything. Service is hit or miss but the food is so good, I don't even mind lol

It's a family restaurant in Woodbridge, 1 of a million small unknown family owned italian restaurant/party venue/caterer. They have a private room to host bridal showers, baptisms and private parties.

On to the FOOD:

1. Their fried or grilled calamari are both fantastic. No chewy tasteless squid here.
2. Pizzas are all thin crust, some with tomato or white sauce and has tons of toppings on them. The prosciutto and arugula pizza was piled high with toppings and the crust was nice and crispy. 
3. Their salads are fresh and dressed. 
4. Their pastas are fresh, the sauces (red, rose, white or pesto) are delicious. The pasta is always al dente and the protein is plentiful. I love how basic but flavorful their pasta dishes are.
5. The dessert... Tiramisu...that's all to be said :)

It's not a romantic spot, lots of family tables on the weekend and sometimes on Sundays they are closed for private events. But definitely worth the trip for some good italian food for great prices.笑
My first time coming here. Nice atmosphere, quiet for a Friday around 3pm. I ordered a glass of white wine $8, and my fiancé and I ordered the deep fried seafood mix which came with pasta, veg, or salad-we asked for fettuccine Alfredo. I was happy with my meal, but I have had way better fried seafood then what I had today. It was a bit over cooked I found, but the  pasta was good.笑
I've heard the ranting and raving about this place over the years, but I'm always sceptical trying a new "Italian" place. Most times they aren't that "great", "amazing" "to die for" as everyone and their sister says it is. Leaving me disappointed and mad that I didn't just go to that place I know is actually amazing and great.

Anyways moving along....2 stars for this place. Why? Pretty simple. 

The service. Horrible. Rude, slow not attentive at all. -1 star. 

The venue. Small.. It's not that big, and with all the hype this place has, fills up quick at lunch/dinner. I however came here on a Wednesday @ 2 in the afternoon with SO and we waited for a table WHILE the place was dead empty. -1 star. 

The food. Nothing special honestly. My pasta came out cold, calamari tasted like it was frozen, not fresh at all and to top it off my Caesar salad was wet, the dressing running off the leaves, soggy croutons WITH a hair in it. I don't ever send food back, just not me. So I didn't touch the salad. Horrendous. -1 star. 

There is much better Italian down the road. I don't know how this place survives with so much GREAT competition around it.笑
Beware of the super slow service and the constant breeze of cold winter air if you're in the area next to the door. I didn't once put down my blanket scarf because it was that chilly! 

It took a while for them to come over when I walked in, and took even longer for the food to arrive. However, the food itself is of amazing value. You should definitely order a main because it comes with a pasta that you can choose off the pasta menu! They also come in huge portions. 

A lot of tables order the calamari as an appetizer and I wish I did too! It smelled amazing!! One of my friends ordered the seafood and was generous to give me some after she saw how I was inhaling the glorious smell. It was definitely as good as it smelled.笑
I still haven't figured out the significance of their name as I've never had room in my stomach to enjoy dessert here. This is as authentic as it gets outside of my Nonna's kitchen. The food is always fantastic and the portions are definitely something my Nonna wouldn't complain about either! HUGE! If you can manage to sneak a peak into the kitchen you'll see an actual army of nonna's working away. Crazy! It is usually pretty busy so be prepared to wait some time for your meal, they're not serving instant TV dinners here. If you're watching your waistline then this is definitely not the place for you. Highly recommended and very inexpensive considering the portions and quality.笑
This is going to be brief because I don't want to sound like a broken record. 

Had dinner with my family here on Friday night. DP does take 'walk-ins' but it's recommended that you make a reservation... rightfully so! It's jam packed here. 

It's in a strip mall so there were no issues w parking. 

Food was okay; I don't have a nonna or nonno so I can't comment on the authenticity of the food. That being said, I was the only non-Italian here so I'm sure it's totally legit. Portions were HUGE. I would recommend that you order one plate and share it with someone else.

I'm not going to go out of my way to eat here, but if I'm in the area, why not?笑
Awesome food. Good prices. The worst service. I felt like I was bothering them when booking a ressy, when walking in the front door and when being served. 

Never ever ever again.笑
Came here for lunch on Wednesday. The service was really good. I had gnocchi in meat sauce which was a really big portion for the price that it is (just the way I like it)! The pasta tasted fresh and the food for me and my two friends came at a prompt speed even though they were really busy. I'd definitely come back again.笑
Favorite Italian restaurant by far.  Best bang for your buck!
Consistent large portions and no trouble parking.

Tasty pastas ...large portions!
Marinara steamed Mussels are fantastic!
Their homemade Tiramisu cakes are perfectly moistened and flavored evenly. 



Highly recommend!笑
The homemade pasta dish is very tasty.  My husband and I have been to this restaurant 3 times.  We have ordered the house salad, primavera pasta (he's vegetarian), the gnocchi, and tirimasu.

We really enjoyed the primavera pasta.  However, the gnocchi was a disappointment.  It was hard and not very tasty.  It was boring.  I would not order it again but would try another pasta dish.  As for the tirimasu, we absolutely loved it.  Don't skip on the dessert!

Prices are extremely reasonable for what you get.

I haven't tried the pizza yet but my husband ordered it when he went there (without me!) and was not very impressed.

I would definitely recommend this place.笑
I am a long time fan of Desserts Plus. 
The more I eat here the more I notice to get good service you need to be a regular.  Luckily enough, my dad is a patron and my visits are usually with him so the waiting times aren't so bad.

If you don't have reservations prepare to be standing for very long time especially on weekends. Don't expect to be greeted as soon as you walk in either. My most recent visit I saw too many italian women get fussy to only be told "you gotta wait your turn!"

The food is soooooo good it makes it all worth it.. Even if you are a desserts plus newbie. The calamari is great and not over-breaded and their gnocchi is just like your nonnas.笑
celebrated my parents 50th Anniversary here because I knew everyone would like their food.  Had a selection of appetizers and salad went over very well and all pasta and meat dishes were enjoyed.  Their pesce di Mare was dry and blan,  but easy to overcome when everything else was so good.  I recommend when making reservations to ask for a table awAy from the door and kitchen.  Unless u r good with wearing your coat to stay warm and feeling the bumps everytime someone goes through which is often.笑
The food here is beyond amazing, especially because they have adorable nonnas in the kitchen cooking for you! Their portions are massive and at a decent price. You won't leave this place unhappy.

The only thing that isn't great about this place is the horrible, slow, lousy, and uncaring waiters. They truly don't care if you wait 45 minutes for the drink you ordered. They are a family style restaurant, so while they have a rush of customers in for lunch, all the employees are setting up a table and eating lunch together while no one is on the floor.

If you come visit here, keep in mind you'll only be happy with the food, and realistically, it's enough to cover for their service. 

I've also catered with them before - for a great price too. Food was great - whole family enjoyed.笑
Amazing food, always been left satisfied. Be prepeared to wait long as the service is quite slow.笑
I've eaten their food many times but as take out. Last night was the first time eating in house and after my experience there, I would never eat their food again. Not to mention the service was absolutely awful and we waited over an hour for our food. One of the guys with us found a confetti star in his pasta and when it was brought to the waitresses attention she said "we won't charge you for it...and enjoy!" Really? And the washrooms were absolutely disgusting and there were some sort of little black bugs walking around on the floor. Never going here again!笑
We booked a table of 9 with friends. Had to wait a bit to get seated and we did not get any service (no water) until the rest of our party came and ordered our food. 
The portion of the food is huge. When the food came all the food looked good and hot. Unfortunately we had to return my order as It was incorrect since I specified the penne pasta and the meat sauce with veal parm. It took another 10-15 min wait to get my entree. I had hoped that they would rush the order or at least leave the veal parm portion since I was waiting without food while the rest of the party ate. Some of them had already finished their entree before mine had come back. 
We also ordered the rice balls which is good for sharing.笑
Amazing food great prices and more than enough for the price! We always have leftovers! And they are super accommodating also for any dietary needs! 

Try everything! Lol but especially a side order of rapini! So good!笑
Was quite yummy - home style Italian food! It was a bit over crowded though the last time I was there... it's a popular spot so be sure to reserve in advance!笑
Had dinner at dessert plus in woodbridge. Accessibility to parking was great. When entering the facility, it took 20 mins for a waiter to place us in a seat. It took an additional 30 mins to get an order in. The restaurant was mildly busy and you can see the waiters posting up by the wall of the dining room having a conversation than working. Received my food without utensils, and waited 10 mins to get a waiter to give us cutlery. The food was very satisfying, but the service was below anyone's standards. I would suggest anyone who is willing to this place a try to order the food to go, because staying in a place like this for dinner, you will leave infuriated. I give this restaurant 3/10 don't eat the candy笑
Excellent food! Great portions! Trust me it will be hard to finish the portion.  Try the seafood linguini....it is not on the menu but they will prepare it for you.   The service is abit slow but the food overcomes that deficiency!!!!笑
Great food. Big portions and it definitely tastes like it's made homemade. Service needs some help and not much choice for dessert (funny because of the name) but the pasta and pizza was excellent.笑
Best Italian restaurant in the GTA. Best bang for your buck. I love the penne vodka and pizza. They give a generous serving of wine. I highly recommend this place.笑
The value of the food is awesome. Great portions, great prices. I've been here many times.

Be prepared to wait for a table. 

The plates are big so share or ask for half portions if you can't do it.

Their Grilled Vegetables i would suggest to start.

The Bucatini is really good out of the pasta dishes.

The fried fish - it's ok. Too many of those small shrimps and not enough calamari.

The fish stew can be good BUt it is salty. Even when you ask them to reduce the salt it's salty.

The tartufo or tiramisu (homemade) for desert is good.

I would give it a higher ranking but some stuff is a miss. And they need to reduce the amount of salt they put on things. I love salty foods but even for me it's too much.

TIP: Don't fill up on their bread!!! You'll regret it.笑
Very busy place  family style restaurant with lots of tables all in rectangles. 

Servers are polite and will try to best serve you. 

Food. 
Prices are mediocre for a night out.  You're looking to spend between $15-30 per person. 

But keep in mind, their portions are huge! 

Huge plates of food, one person can barely finish alone. 
My wife and I ordered the rice balls as an app followed by a veal parmigian with meat sauce over penne pasta. 

Rice balls $9
There are 10 balls, crispy on the outside. Center is filled with tomato sauce and mozzarella cheese. 
You can also dip it in the side sauce they provide (also tomato based). These are great for sharing.

Veal parmigiano, 2 large pieces of veal, tender and juicy. Goes well with the pasta. 
You can also choose salad or mash instead of pasta if you don't want that many carbs. 

Last note. They can only split the bill into 2 per table.笑
This restaurant has the best authentic italian food!  The portions are huge for the amount of money you pay!  The pizza is made in a wood burning fireplace and it is the best pizza I've ever had and believe me I've had many all the way in Italy and still nothing comes close to this pizza.  All the pasta's are homemade in the back by literally little old italian women.  I can't pick any one good dish because they are all amazing!

I will admit that the service can be hit or miss but believe me it is well worth the wait if you do have to wait.

I strongly suggest making reservations or you're in for a very long wait!笑
Nothing amazed me how this place can still be in business after all these years. Seeing all these bad reviews about this place online is a sign that this place should be closed off for good!

Came here as a group of four.. The thing that overall pisses me off is the service. Our waiter was one of the rudest I have ever encounter.. I mean.. We are here to give you money for your food and yet, these waiters can't even provide an adequate level of service that deserves even a measly 3% tip.  At least smile a bit!

It was a total insult that we got slapped with the "mandatory 15% service fee" when we were just four people?   Maybe they thought we were not going to tip much?!? even then, it is totally wrong to slip us  a mandatory service charge for such a small group.   

Portions may be a good bang for your buck but the quality of the dishes are left to be desired.  I had an inkling for desserts and the waiter was stunned when we inquired to look at the desserts menu (wanted to try the Tiramisu).笑
Fresh, delicious, Italian food! 
This is, and has been for many years, my "Go-To" place for Italian food! The first time I brought my hubby here, he was skeptical about going out for Italian since his idea is that his Mom/Nonna can make it better... But when he tried the food, he said it tasted "homemade", which says a lot coming from an Italian man.. My favourite is their Veal Parmesan with Rigatoni a la vodka! Yummmm.. I also like their mini rice balls, gnocchi, and stone oven pizzas.. I've tried other places, but for me, nothing compares! They also serve fresh bread with vinegar or spicy olive oil which you can ask for.笑
Came here for a dinner for three after being recommended to eat here. It was a Wednesday night and it was quite busy. We got quoted an 1 hr wait, and decided to stick it out. However, only 15 minutes later we were brought to a table. The host seemed to have trouble remembering which guests had come before other ones. Perhaps simply writing names and party sizes would be helpful? Especially for such a busy place.

We had fried calamari for appetizers and found it to be just okay. Followed by our main meals. Two dishes of chicken parmesean, and a dish of angel hair pesto. As everyone's commented, portions were generous for the price. However, taste was just mediocre. Service from staff was decent, nothing to complain about but nothing to be wow-ed about either. 

Overall, I would say that lackluster service and mediocre tasting food aren't things that are worth going back for. So unless I had to, I probably won't be back anytime soon. With so many other Italian eateries around in the area, there are plenty more options to try out.笑
Don't let the name fool you - if you're hungry for good Italian food, and can put up with spotty service, this is the place for you. The portions here are huge, almost enough for two full meals. The food itself is good and authentic. If you get a chance, peek into the kitchen and you'll see an army of Nonnas cooking your meal.笑
I came here yesterday for Valentine's Day. The food is amazing but our waiter was absolutely awful.

It took him a good 10 minutes to even acknowledge us. The table beside us had a different waiter who was doing a flawless job and got them everything so quickly, which obviously frustrated us.

When he finally came over he took our orders and said he'd be right back with the bread and never came back. The table beside us got their bread and Cesar salad almost immediately (we ordered a salad as well). The most frustrating part was that our waiter kept stepping in and out of the dining area we were in and basically doing everything but bringing us our stuff.

Finally my boyfriend confronted him and he said sorry and brought the stuff. He didn't bring the olive oil and vinegar wth the bread so we had to ask one of the runners to otherwise we would have never gotten it. 

Another thing- my bf got pasta and he never came over wth cheese and whatnot the way every other italian restaurant does!!! And I have a good feeling they do that there.

The food was delicious and huge portions just as I remember. We didn't let the waiter ruin our experience as we were there to celebrate Valentine's Day and he was just a minor inconvenience. Needless to say, we didn't tip him well and if we returned and had him again I would totally ask for someone else.笑
The food was okay but the service was horrible! They sat us at a dirty table and didn't wipe it down until the food was brought to us. We asked for water and it was never brought to us. Sharing plates, forks, and napkins were brought to us after we were half way done with our meal and I had asked 3 different times. When we asked for the bill they verbally told me an amount and when I went to give them cash he said to leave it on the table.笑
I had dinner at Desserts Plus just this past Sunday and my experience was good enough to make me a fan. You know you've landed on a hidden gem when you walk into an Italian restaurant and your group is the only non-Italian one. This place is so popular you usually need to make reservations in advance.   

1) Cesar Salad: good!
2) Fried Calamari: everyone else seemed to really enjoy it but I thought it was kind of boring... after having a taste of Kiwe's amazing calamari appetizer, no other calamari dish could measure up.
3) Cozze Marinara: definitely the best I've had so far (seasoned mussels in red sauce), thumbs up!!
4) Veal Piccata: I learned that I'm not really a fan of lemony-tasting meat...
5) Veal Parmigiana: Omg it was soooo good!!! 
6) Rigatoni alla Vodka: Good stuff!! Definitely a crowd favorite!

In terms of the ambiance It was definitely closest to being a family atmosphere. The décor was simple, so it's really the crowd and the food that gave this place its cozy/homey vibe. The prices were also very reasonable for a great Italian meal.笑
Food is good, service is TERRIBLE. Always thought the service was bad here but the trade off was a good meal. But last night was it for me. We waited for a table for 2 for 15-20 min, then they seated the people behind us first who also had no reservation who were only waiting for 5 min tops. We let them know what we thought of this, and walked out. WILL NEVER GO BACK. I don't care how great the food is, I'm paying for food AND service. They don't seem to understand this. There are much much better options in the woodbridge area. Do yourself a favour and avoid.笑
I feel ignored and unappreciated. We finished our meals 15 min ago & servers are all walking around in circles / sitting around doing nothing. There's 2 guys behind the bar. One just took a shot & the other is eating. Prepare to waste half your day when coming here for a meal.


Food is good tho..笑
Ever since my wife got a recommendation from her wedding seamstress to try out this restaurant in 2011, we have been going for dinner here a couple times a year.

This time, my wife, her sisters and I decided to make the trip out to Woodbridge to have dinner.  I had not been there since last year and we were craving the delicious tomato pasta.

It was a lovely, blindingly sunny day, around 6 PM and we arrived to a line up.  It was dinner so it was understandable.  A couple of groups were in front of us so it was busy.  Good thing that the World Cup was over!  We waited for about 15 minutes which was not too long.  The main person we always see there, I assume he's one of the owners/managers (bald, glasses with a goatee) was always clearing the tables and hosting.  As usual, he walked around as he pleased, at a slow pace, not acknowledging the line-up.  When a couple of tables opened he looked over, looked away, waved his fingers and pointed to empty table rather than guide us.  Again, I had been here before so I expected this type of service.  He gave us our menus and we couldn't wait to order!

The waitress came over after a few minutes and I ordered the Chicken Parmesan with Fettucine in Meat Sauce.  I wanted something heavy and hearty.  I knew that this place delivered awesome tasting food... and it did!

The food came out in 20 minutes.  Check out the pic!  Glistening with tomato sauce and oil, looked like a piece of greasy heaven that sticks to dee bones!  The chicken was moist, juicy, battered with melted cheese on top.  It was drenched in tomato sauce and oil so the crispness of the batter made it a tag soggy, but it was still good.  What was more tasty was the pasta and this was mainly because of the meat sauce.  It definitely was hearty and the fettucine pasta complemented the flavour.  Eating it with the bread enhanced the experience.

There was a hungry crowd lined-up at the front of the restaurant as all the tables were taken.  Satisfied, we were ready to go.  Our waitress was now only taking care of the large party table.  We had to wave down another waiter to take care of the bill which took a lot of time.  Again, the service to cash out was not the greatest but like I said before with everything about this place, it was expected.

I have spoken to a lot of Italians about this place and they agree that the food has such a homestyle delicious feel and they go there often.  They still have customers with our family so we will keep on going and remember, not for the service but for the awesome taste!笑
I love this place, great family restaurant. Portions are crazy, calamari very good. Pizza as well very tasty.笑
This Italian restaurant is an absolute gem in the heart of Woodbridge. I have had the opportunity to dine here numerous times and the food has been consistently great! 
Firstly, I would recommend making reservations before coming here otherwise you will have to wait a long time before being seated- I have had to wait atleast half an hour each time because it is so busy! Also, the staff tend to be very slow to take the order, to bring it out and to refill drinks, so for that reason I would give it four stars. 
The food itself is incredible. Very flavourful, huge portions for an affordable price while eating high quality meals. The atmosphere is a busy family restaurant, it's been quite loud when I go there but I don't mind the noise! Overall, I would definitely recommend this restaurant, I think if the service was slightly better, it would make going here a great experience to an exceptional one.笑
My visit to Desserts Plus has been a long time coming, for years I have heard rave reviews about this place from family and friends. I was finally able to make it here for dinner last week. 

Firstly, the name is a bit of a misnomer, for while they do have a small selection of desserts (mostly LaRocca cakes) the large menu focuses on Italian favourites ranging from pasta to veal and even a selection of fish dishes. 

I opted for the veal Sorrentino with my side of choice being rigatoni a la vodka. The veal was a bit of a disappointment, it consisted of 3 thinly sliced pieces of veal topped with eggplant, gravy (brown gravy), mozzarella cheese, and a slice of tomato. The veal was a tad dry, and the dousing of the dish in gravy served to mask any other flavours. It was an odd combination that I wasn't a big fan of. 

My side of pasta on the other hand was delicious. The rigatoni was cooked perfectly al dente with a great bite. The vodka sauce was well balanced, flavourful and creamy without being too heavy. It made me wish I ordered a full plate of rigatoni. 

The place itself is run of the mill, located in a strip mall off Weston Rd in Woodbridge. The service was competent but did not really impress. There was a nice buzz in the restaurant considering it was a weeknight, including a few rowdy people reminiscing loudly about the mother land. 

Overall I will return to Desserts Plus for the good pasta or maybe to try one of their wood fired pizza's but I was not blown away  on my first visit.笑
This place has potential to be good but just can't seem to do it. The food is good, the portions big and the price is cheap but it has, by far, the worst service of any restaurant I've ever been to. 

I have been to this place several times for events not of my planning and I'm always being treated poorly and left waiting sometimes hours, yes hours, just to be asked for a drink. I will never willingly attend this place again, nor would I recommend it. 

In my opinion there are many better restaurants in the area with better food and who appreciate their guests. This place is absolutely horrible.笑
OK Italian restaurant in Woodbridge is very competitive. There are soooo many good Italian eateries. We had a party of 20 and they had a difficult time serving us. Drinks were slow and the food was served a couple of plates every 2-3 minutes, well do the math the first ones served finished before the last meal arrived. My Linguine Di Mare was ok not the best. It was not on the menu but they did allow for a variation.笑
I was introduced to this restaurant my my Italian boyfriend's family. This is their favourite restaurant. I was told they make the "real" Italian food. After being on a cleanse diet for a month, we are celebrating and pigging out here tomorrow! So excited!笑
Food is 5 star. I've had a variety of items at different functions here all were wonderful. 

Service on the other hand leaves much to be desired. It's honestly quite bad. The place is normally packed so apparently service isn't a big issue for the place. For me service is a big part of the experience when I go out to eat. Service is slow and not friendly every time I've been there. 

5 star food
1 star service
3 star average score笑
Coming from an Italian family with a Nonna who set the bar high for my taste standards, I can confidently say that Dessert's Plus is the BEST Italian restaurant in the GTA. Consistent in taste and quality every time I go - I have tried just about everything on the menu and each item is fantastic! All food is prepared fresh and comes out steaming hot from the kitchen. Huge portions and fair prices. I would highly recommend the linguine with rapini and chicken. Also the penne a la vodka. Also EVERYTHING ELSE on the menu :) Only thing I found is that the service is hit and miss, depending on which server you get and which 'boss' is working that night. 

Atmosphere: Casual, kind of like you are going to your Zio's house for Sunday dinner. Busy ALL THE TIME (but seriously, for this amazing food, it is no wonder). Line up every night of the week. Tons of Italian families dining here (among others) - which I always find to be reassuring - if you are serving Italian food and there are Italians lining up for it, it must be gourmet, authentic, quality food! 

Food: As I mentioned above, fantastic. If I could rate something better than 10/10 I would. 

Service: Hit and miss. My recommendation - go for the food not for the service. If you know this going into it, you won't be disappointed.

Overall, a 4* rating - mainly for the food. If they were more consistent with providing excellent customer service EVERY visit, this would move up to a 5* rating :)笑
Great good and huge portions, everyone at the table was full and most of could not finish our food. 

The prices are very reasonable and the food delicious. All the food sever at the table looked fantastic.

I had one of the many wood baked pizza's., the crust was crisp the sauce just right and the ham awesome! I could not finish it.

The restaurant was full of people having a great time. The service is hit and miss but the food makes up for it. Hey this is Italian, service is supposed to be slow.笑
If you have ever been to Italy or if you have ever had dinner in a typical Italian family home you would know that they do like to take their time when it comes to eating. There is never a rush to cook or eat a meal! So what I would like to say about Desserts Plus is that if you are in a hurry to eat..........this is not the place for you! The wait staff and the chef will take their time to serve and cook your meal to perfection in a laid back and relaxed atmosphere. They are not worried about turning over tables like a typical Kelsey's Restaurant.  Everything on the menu is amazing and the portions are so huge you will most likely be taking home a doggy bag and even though their desserts are incredible you will most likely not have any room left in your tummy for those yummy treats. This restaurant is also an amazing place to book private dinner parties. The price is right and your guests will be impressed. Love it!笑
Came here with a big party to celebrate my brothers 21st!

We took up a room upstairs about 5 round tables and had a little mini bar to ourselvesssss !  Woooo get the party started !
The waitresses here were meh not incredibly nice for a big celebration :/

Anyways each table got a caprese which was ok since it's not with burrata, bruschetta which was great and salad which had a nice dressing

Then we had pizza with different toppings ...I just had cheese the sauce was good but I've had better overall and then spaghetti with tomato sauce which was fresh but still I needed some oomph !!! No special taste to it.

Good for a party because it's kind of family style but I don't know if I'd come for cravings :]

They helped us serve and pass out cake and took pictures for us which were nice!笑
It's so disappointing to see that all these reviews, all the word of mouth commentary, they mention the same criteria... Poor Poor service but great food.
It's actually sad that people will go there to put up with the poor service because the food is that good. 
I wonder how long it will take before Deserts Plus actually does something to shape up their attitudes. 
But how could they improve when customers comment that it's "worth it".
This shows the owners and operators that their unprofessional culture is simply "ok".
It never fails, there's always that 1 person who creates this environment, and it's the miserable looking bald guy with glasses and a goatee (which is not even hygienic as a server in the food industry). He paves the setting in that restaurant, and all the servers walk around mimicking this behaviour. There is no warm greeting when you arrive; there is no professionalism, enthusiasm or acknowledgment of your presence when you walk in.  I have had to call for service
and the waiting staff just stare at you with a cold look of judgment.
As a Vaughan resident, it's sad to see that the one place you feel like going to for casual dining, and the taste of nonnas kitchen, is shattered by this due to their poor representation. 
Deserts Plus, if you're reading this,  please take my constructive criticism for your benefit. I speak on behalf of many people.  If you don't like your occupations, there's ample opportunity elsewhere. Please don't bring your misery to the dinner tables as loyal customers and first timers witness this unprofessional act as they swallow your food. Your service should always align with the quality of food you serve for a successful business and experience. I hope you can deal with this lapse in customer service accordingly.

Atmosphere: Italian inspired
Cleanliness: Par to good
Constructive criticism: strongly recommend getting professionals to come in and teach serving etiquette to all employees!!! Servers need to pay close attention to beverage levels and come around to refill water glasses. Also, bread on the table at an Italian restaurant is a staple. There should always be someone to replenish these 2 very important items. 
Cuisine: Italian
Facilities: Good.
Food: excellent
Likeliness of returning or recommending to others: not until service shapes up. 
Parking: Private
Portion Sizes: Large. Guaranteed you will take home left overs.
Price: Fair to good!
Service: Extremely Poor. Slow, Rude, Cold attitudes. Oblivious.
Selection: Wide variety.笑
I have mixed feelings about writing this review. This place is already busy enough without giving it more kudos and having more people go there but this is my favourite Italian restaurant. The portions are enormous and the marinara sauce tastes like Nona has just made a fresh batch in the kitchen. The prices are very reasonable. For the quality and quantity of the food that you get, you would be paying at least 50%-100% more in Toronto. 

There is no question that the service is nothing to write home about. Be prepared to wait for your food (and for a table) unless you have a reservation. Despite the poor service, we keep going back because the food is worth it. 

My favourite dish is the Chicken or Veal Parmigiana with penne in a rose sauce. I can only ever eat half and even then I am stuffed. It is great reheated the next day for lunch. Their desserts are very reasonably priced and the portions, like everything else, are huge! The gnocchi are amazing too. Their pizzas are delish. My mouth is already watering so I have to put an end to this review.