Have to admit I never hit up a chick fil a until this year bc I got a card from work for nurses week and we got a free thing each month
May was market salad
June was a chicken wrap
July was a grilled chicken sandwich 

Have to admit I enjoyed every item better than most fast food places and the chicken is really good. Got my mother hooked on there salads too. Only down fall is the parking lot and it's in the miracle mile where everyone drives like a but! But now I will be a regular customerǾ
At first I was not excited that my husband wanted to eat here, but then I changed my mind based on my positive experience. As expected, the line to order and check out was a bit long during lunchtime on the weekend, but the employees did their best to keep the line moving. We placed our order and then waited at our table for an employee to bring out our food. We noticed a friendly employee offering another customer delivery to her car outside. My husband ordered unhealthy food such as the chicken sandwich, fries, and soda, and I was happy to see for me healthier options such as the grilled market salad with lite dressing, fruit cup, and diet lemonade. After we finished eating, an employee offered to clean up our table for us. As they are a Christian company, I do want them to raise their chickens as humanely as possible and without antibiotics, and I would like for them to serve people foods that will not harm their health with high fat, cholesterol, sodium, and sugar!Ǿ
I enjoy the food and service. Sometimes I get startled at the friendliness since we're not in Canada, but eh, I'm a fan all around.Ǿ
We don't have Chick Fil A up in New York, so we decided to give it a try while down here in Pennsylvania.  We stopped in for an early lunch (around 11am).  

There was actually a really large group of school girls and their moms in there.  I think they were on a cheerleading trip or something.  They let us go ahead of them, but I felt pressured to order, so I just told my husband to pick something for me while I went to use the restroom (which was clean!)

I ended up having a spicy chicken sandwich.  It was pretty good - I like the pepper cheese that came on it.  I also really enjoyed the waffle fries.

My husband did say that the staff was very friendly when he ordered.

An attendant was constantly moving around the dining room to make sure things were clean... though I had to look at three tables before finding a clean one.

For all of the hype Chick Fil A gets from my friends down south, I wasn't overly impressed, but it was a decent fast-food meal nonetheless.Ǿ
Staff is super friendly! Everyone who works here is warm, helpful and have big smiles. I like the location a lot as it's in Miracle Mile. 

Food is great but perhaps not quite as crispy as the ones in the airport for some reason. Flavors are still good and sauce is the same. The condiment section is generous! There are even individually wrapped after dinner mints!

Every time I've visited this location it's just been PACKED. Maybe it's just a Pittsburgh thing where traffic is bad everywhere and people love fast food. I dunno. I rarely get fast food and when I do, I have to wait in a line of 40 people on a Tuesday afternoon...such is life, though. That being said, can Golden Mile Highway replace its Burger King, Wendy's and McDonald's with Popeyes, KFC and Chick Fil A? Priorities!Ǿ
I give this Chik Fila and every Chik Fila 5 stars. Why? Because they have taken something very common with a mediocre at best, AT BEST, reputation - fast food - and have redefined it. Quality of service and design and taste has come to the fast food industry by Chik Fila. 

I'm a big fan of their chicken strips and their Chik Fila sandwhich (but I remove the bottom bun and eat the pickles first). Their honey BBQ sauce is my favorite sauce for the chicken, and sometimes you need to ask for it because it's not out with your more common condiments. I also like their regular BBQ sauce with their waffle fries. If you like an amazing combination of sweetness and tartness - get a frosted lemonade. Actually, in general, their
lemonade is good. Real good. I get that every time instead of a soda. Iced coffee is very good but extremely sweet. Almost too sweet. But I like it as a treat in the summer. Milkshakes, incredible. 

The service at this restaurant is amazing. Great employees with great attitudes.

Chik Fila lifehack: say "thank you" and they have to respond "my pleasure." 

I take advantage of that lifehack more than I should. I'm just so amused by it. 

There's a playplace in this Chik Fila if you have kids! 

I also like how there's fresh flowers on the tables. I mean, wow. Is this fast food or what? 

If you haven't been to Chik Fila you haven't lived. The only negative I have for this place is the addicting nature of their food. You'll want to keep coming back. 

You should.Ǿ
Average Chick-Fil-A. They also have a inside play ground here if your into that sort of thing.Ǿ
Your typical everyday chick-fil-a except this one is in Monroeville. The staff is friendly. Food is always good, the milkshakes are amazing. If you have kids, they have an indoor playground and a bowl of peppermints near the exit.Ǿ
This place isn't the greatest. But it's decent if you are in a kinda hurry. Drive thru can take a little.Ǿ
What a great business ! The staff is amazing ! They treat you like you are at a 5 star restaurant the manager that works their is amazing ! I love how they say my pleasure lol honestly it's the little things ! I'm not surprised at all how busy they are they run a great business with great food and staff and location = great business ! This is the only fast food place I ever go to !Ǿ
Good chick Fil a. Clean area and helpful staff. Drive hrough is always packed and this shopping center is ALWAYS busy so beware of the drivers. Price is worth it for the product. The only downside-  you always want it on Sunday's :(Ǿ
Hands down, just about the best fast food you can find. In fact, you'll leave here wondering why every fast food chain hasn't copied this model. The food tastes superior compared to all competitors. Why would you ever walk into a McDonald's again after eating here? The particular location serves up fast, friendly, courteous service and displays manners that are impressive. They actually made you feel at home in a fast food setting. 

Once of the things that I like about this place is the sides are interchangeable. Meaning if you want a spicy chicken sandwich (my favorite) you can order a salad to go with it instead of fries (and the salad is fresh greens and awesome dressing) or fruit. They cater to everyone - those who strive to be healthy and those who could care less. 

This place is ideal for kids and adults. There's a chicken option on the menu for everyone (whether it's fried, grilled or in a salad). When it comes to fast food, you can't go wrong.Ǿ
Everytime I visit a chick-fil-a, I am usually creeped out by how OVERLY friendly everyone is. Maybe I came in after a rough day for the team here, because the cashier that helped me seemed kind of .. flat? There was no "WELCOME TO CHICK-FILA" no "MY PLEASURE" today, it was a simple take my order and no smiles. I came back to ask a question after getting my food and it took me a while to get the cashiers attention. Nevertheless, I love my sweet tea mixed lemonadge and nuggets.

oh well, guess back to the drive thru i go.Ǿ
Love Chick-fil-A but this location is a disaster and a half. Management must be terrible because I have never once gone here and not had a really bad experience. Do yourself a favor and hit the amazing location at the Waterfront instead. Everyone here is really rude, and it's just not a good experience.Ǿ
We love the food at all Chik-Fil-A restaurants but this location was so clean and ran like a well oiled machine despite the fact that it was packed. This evening, the manager on duty was very present and pleasant and should be proud of how well this location operates.Ǿ
Outstanding Service is the byword here. I cannot get over how well they treat you as a customer here. Many restaurants should take a clue from the service perspective here and what must be an excellent training program for the employees.

The Chicken sandwiches are great (hot, fresh, tender and moist with or without breading)  with the Spicy Chicken being my favorite. Not just me, but my entire family are fans. Linda goes for the Grilled or Nuggets, Jody for the Classic and me yes I usually stick with the Spicy.  The chicken is fresh and cooked properly every time. I have never had a miss on that. I think someone mentioned that the waffle fries were not great and I agree but they are decent enough and I frequently order and enjoy them with my drink and sandwich. 
This place is also kept very clean and the ordering process is very efficient and fast. When there are lines, which is often, they move swiftly and your are at the counter before you know it. Give your order and your food with be with you in not much more than a minute and they will bring it to your table if you ask.
I think I'm getting hungry again. 'eat mor chikn'Ǿ
Confession time.  When I lived in Buffalo, a friend and I actually drove to Erie just to visit a Chick-Fil-A.  So I am probably a bit biased towards loving the place.  That being said, there are places I love that have disappointed me and warranted negative reviews.  The Miracle Mile location did not disappoint.  Every time I have  visited (even when there are long lines), things move quickly and efficiently.  Food is always fresh and extremely tasty.

My favorites are the spicy chicken sandwich and the waffle fries.  The chicken is moist and features just the right amount of spice.  I also enjoy that there are options other than fries for your sides.  The carrot and raisin salad is very tasty and you can also get fruit or a regular salad.  

Try their seasonal shakes.  In the winter, there is a candy cane chip shake that is out of this world.  

When you dine in, there is actually some degree of table service (asking if you need a refill on pop, bringing napkins, etc).  Impressive touch for a fast food joint.

Overall, Chick-Fil-A is my favorite place to go for a quick meal.Ǿ
The quality control at this Monroeville chick-fil-a is amazing, given the daily lunch volume. This should be the gold standard for all fast food restaurants.Ǿ
Food was good, kids like the meals they get. I like that they give kids books with the kids meal instead of a silly toy.Ǿ
yes on the grilled chicken sandwich
yes on the chicken tenders
pass on the waffle fries- they aren't good, never seem hot, very dull in taste

it's a fast food chain- it's the best one around.  service here is quick and friendly everytime i go.  today i opted for the 4 piece chicken tenders with a side of honey mustard.  it came to $4.46.  i'm completely satisfied.Ǿ
This location is absolutely my favorite location! Even though the drive through line always looks long, it's still fast and if they do think that it's too long of a wait, they have their employees out here with iPads taking orders to make everything go faster. The inside is always clean and they are always nice at this location.Ǿ
This location is fantastic- great staff, facilities, environment and of course, food is great! Brian, the owner, is awesome and cares deeply for his store, employees, and customers.Ǿ
You want a real chicken sandwich, none of these nasty fake filled other chicken sandwiches from fast food chains. look no further chick fil a has the best around. with premium chicken breast meat with no hormones or other additives. tasty white meat that never disappoints. the staff is friendly the place is always clean. the only downfall is they're not open on Sundays :'(Ǿ
I came here yesterday with my fiance the 1st time in a long time. We came in around 7pm and it was busy. I order the spicy chicken meal which is spicy chicken, pickles, pepper jack chesse, lettuce, and tomato,Waffle firies with lemonade. The lemonade is freshly made and is the best out of all fast food. My fiance got the 12 count chicken with honey bbq dipping sauce. The staff was friendly, not over friendly. We got are food pretty fast considering of busy it was. The sandwich was very good and my fiance loved her chicken. I am not crazy about the waffle fries but they tasted pretty good with honey bbq sauce. Everytime someone left. A employee clean up the table. The with all the people the store was kept clean. Lastly I lover the mint melt away mints here. I will come back here when I want the best fast food chicken.Ǿ
I think pretty much everyone knows how delicious the chicken is. The hunk they put in the chicken sandwich (reg or spicy) is a whole breast fillet! The downside is they are always busy. It's worth the wait (for me anyway). I gave 5 stars for taste & value.Ǿ
I personally am a huge fan of Chick Fil A... if I have to have some sort of fast food, this would be my choice hands down.  What makes this location a go to one for me?  The staff seems to be one of the most courteous and helpful (although this is the case with the brand in general).  I often place catering orders here and the staff always goes above and beyond making sure everything is perfect.  Keep up the great work!  

PS- they have a great rewards program if you have a lot of catering needs :)Ǿ
Why isn't this getting 5 stars. Chick-fil-a are awesome because they make you crave it as you drive by. Staff is always so cool. Drive thru is always packed during lunch time so expect to wait.