My wife and I stopped here on a Saturday night after a long day of work.  We had read some of the previous reviews that weren't very complementary but had heard from a reliable source that we should give it a try.  I am so glad we did.  
We started with the Formaggi Di Capra which was delicious.  For the entrees my wife ordered Chicken Canneloni. I started to order the lasagna but the server, Jessica, suggested that I might like the Pasta Arrabiatta. I decided to go for it.  
Our food arrived quickly and was hot and fresh.  My wife let me try a bite of the Canneloni, it was excellent.  My Pasta was everything Jessica said it would be, spicy and delicious. 
I probably could have finished mine but decided to take some home so I could try some dessert. We ordered 2 Cannolis even though the server let us know we could probably share 1. She was right, they were big, but I managed to finish mine :)
Overall it was a great experience,  the atmosphere was relaxing, the staff was friendly and the food was amazing. If I had to give one critique it would be that the water was.... well city water.  It tasted pretty bad,  but the soft drinks were fine. We can't wait to go again. 

BTW, they are giving away chances to win a trip to Italy this month  (July 2014).笑
Minneci's could be compared to the non chain version of Biaggi's. It offers many pasta dishes, soups, salads, sandwiches, and plates. They offer three types of bread before the meal. They also are good about accommodating for large parties because they have adjustable tables. 

I ordered the "unlimited" soup, salad, and bread. The service was slow; it was around 1:30 pm when I ordered. But I had to flag down my waiter several times to tell him to bring me more food. I could have ate more, but by the time I had my food my party was done eating. My waiter was kind enough to give me a large to-go container of soup. 

My parents had different pasta dishes that I tried. They both were flavorful.笑
Went for Sunday brunch to celebrate Fathers Day , and was disappointed!  There was no meat option for those that don't eat pork.  I expected " Brunch" and not just breakfast with 2 pasta dishes.   It was definitely not worth what they charge which is  $19.99,  for that amount you can go to silvercreek and for a dollar more enjoy a much bigger and tastier selection ! The only thing that saved our visit was the owner... He was INCREDIBLE !!!笑
Restaurant review
I may be on a roll here with 2 great restaurant experience this weekend in Chambana. I have seen this place so many times and thought that it would be over priced average Italian food. Instead I find out that it is a very reasonably priced italian food with above average food. Don't get me wrong, this is not a Volare or Quartino which are some of my favorite Italian places in Chicago. The restaurant itself is relatively small compared to the outside appearance. Staff are quite friendly and helpful. They have one of the best complimentary bread bowls in this area with garlic bread, french bread, and another bread all served hot and warm. You have fresh grated Parmesan and olive oil at the table. The bread company should come here and learn a thing or two about bread! I ended up trying the chicken saltimbocca which was breast filet with melted cheese and proscuitto in a white wine sauce. The chicken was quite tender, but the one comment I would have is that the sauce was lacking flavor or saltiness. The angle hair pasta was very bland otherwise, however with some grated parmesan cheese it tasted better. My wife had the Fettuccine Frutta Di Mare which was squid ink fettuccine along with shrimp, lobster, and mushroom in alfredo sauce. The noodles again cooked to perfection, sauce was lacking saltiness for some odd reason. Even with the flavors a bit lacking, the amazing bread basket along with the relatively inexpensive price of 17 dollar for premium italian dishes bushes this to a 4 star Yelp experience. I just wish they could get the sauce down. I unfortunately was too full to eat and review the dessert, but they say on the menu that it is the best dessert in town....

Pros: Hot/fresh/variety bread basket, noodles cooked perfectly, inexpensive

Cons: Sauce could use a little work, not enough saltiness or flavoring

Hidden deals: Mon and Thursday live piano during dinner hours, Wednesday 1/2 price wine, and Sunday brunch for 20 dollars (not sure if I will be back to try this as it looks like a pretty standard brunch food)

Health code rating: B, looked like a very clean restaurant but some off marks on the restaurant inspections http://champaign.il.gegov.com/champaign/estab.cfm?facilityID=2040笑
Very conveniently located for us on the west edge of champaign. It is good for the price but not a great Italian place if you are looking for authentic Italian food.笑
Well, they've managed to exceed my expectations. Expectations for how long they'd remain open, that is.  In a strip-mall called "The Village at the Crossing" where pickup places like Jupiters survive (with kids' game room and grandpa gambling (OTB) in the basement, and hookup bar/pool/ and frozen pizza upstairs) and Billy Barooz (bar food, bar atmosphere), and nearly every other restaurant has failed within a few years, Minneci's is still in business after a few years at this location. They are not usually crowded, and the food is marginally better than it was a few years ago.  I had soup and salad, not trusting much else, and it was probably marginally beneath Olive Garden soup and marginally above OG salad - I like that it comes in a single bowl to you, not a gargantuan salad bowl for you to serve yourself.  My son had a kids spaghetti and meatball, which he ate (which is a good sign), along with a chocolate cake that looked to be above Olive Garden quality. My wife had chicken and spinach cannelloni in a cream sauce that also looked about olive garden level.  For CU-folks, the food is somewhere between Olive Garden and Biaggi's, probably closer to Olive Garden. But, it's much closer to where people live (that's a plus) and there's not a wait (OG tends to be packed with mall-goers).  Also, given the lower key atmosphere, it's not as loud and the service is faster than OG or Biaggi's.

I am surprised that they are still in business, but remain hopeful they will continue to improve, as we certainly could use better dining options on this side of town.笑
Great appotizers and great food. Coffee and tiramisu were tasty, too. Service was fantastic. Children got healthy salads with food.笑
There is nothing wrong with Minneci's, but it is not memorable. The menu is generic Italian, the word dull comes to mind. We started with the caprese salad, it was just ok the basil was bitter. I  had the pasta primavera, (which was the most interesting pasta dish to me) and it was under seasoned and one note.

My partner had the unlimited soup and salad. Again, uninspired. The salad wasn't anything special, nothing that made it stand out. Soups were fine, most likely frozen and not made in house.

The restaurant was clean, comfortable, and inviting. Service was good, wine and cocktails are tasty. 

It would be a place I'd bring my unadventurous parents (who are in their 60s) and like restaurants to be familiar. 

For me, there are much better restaurants in Champaign and I would rather spend my time and money elsewhere.笑
This is always our go to place. We have had dinner here several times and the Sunday Brunch once. Food quality is amazing..my favorite is the bruschetta and tortellini. Very cozy and inviting atmosphere, quick service, and prices are quite reasonable.笑
-Good for 2-6 people but no more
-beautiful, subtle decor
-complementary bread, oil, and parm
-salad is not included in meal
-chicken marsala was not worth eating 
-meatballs are incredible
-pasta dishes with the red and white mixed sauce is delicious
-service was atrocious. Couldn't keep waters full, delivered wine after meal was over, promised free desert that never came.笑
Cute place and Michael our server was fantastic!!! Wanted to love this place but was not a fan of the food. Italian dressing had too much vinegar, garlic and oil was not well done with just chunks of garlic leaving it bland, meat sauce is a little weird, the breadbasket was fantastic though. Our server is why I gave this 3 stars; Michael was 5 stars food was 1 star笑
My last review about this restaurant was that 5/8 times was a poor experience.  Now it is 7/10 times that was just bad. It's either something in the kitchen or with the wait staff.  This past experience was that I ordered a small salad ($3.99) and I asked for salmon as well, while expecting the salmon to be $4.99 making it a $9 salad or so.  The salmon was dry but ok for what I expected.  The service was better this time until we got our bill and saw that I was charged $12 for the piece of salmon.  It was clear that we were annoyed but our server didn't apologize for not even warning me about the cost.  I've never paid $16 for a salad.  Poor customer service to not warn someone their up charge will be over double the cost of the actual entree. This was all after we had to wait 20+ minutes even with a reservation.  We were finally seated when we politely told them we would go elsewhere and give up our reservation.

I finally learned my lesson.  I will not be going back.笑
Went for the Sunday brunch buffet and I was blown away by the food quality.  The buffet wasn't as extensive as a couple other places, but the price was extremely reasonable and I left completely satisfied.  This may become a regular Sunday ritual.  5 stars for sure.笑
Good service, very nice, classy setting and the food was great. Had the Italian Beef with soup and garlic bread.笑
Ambiance and location are good but the food tasted a little bit too salty. I am not too picky about my dish and it was an OK experience. I personally think you can get better food quality for the same price in Champaign through other Italian restaurants.笑
Awesome food. Rob is incredibly welcoming and takes care of his customers. He especially takes care of students that come in. He has  helped out our student organization on so many different occasions. The food is absolutely delicious!笑
I have been back 3 times since my original review.  The first time back I again ordered the Chicken Marsala and this time it was not anything like the first time.  It had pasta noodles in it and it was burning hot like it had been microwaved.  The flavor was off too,  

The second time back I had the Sunday brunch.  There was not one thing on the buffet that I could honestly say was stellar.  It was just kind of there. 

The third time back I wanted to try the Chicken Marsala again.  This time it was just OK.  I think it sat in the kitchen for a while because it was luke warm.  The potatoes in the dish were good but the rest of it was not.  It is certainly not worth the $18 price tag they have on it.

We have decided that third times a charm and will not go back.  There are so many other good places in town to choose from.笑
If you're in the mood for Italian American food, it doesn't really get much better than this. I wouldn't expect any exotic dishes but for what it is, it's pretty good. I liked their old location but I guess the new location makes more sense for families. Our club had an event here which turned out very good! The food was delicious and the event was an overall success. The wait staff was attentive enough but could've done a better job when late comers joined the event. There wasn't enough seats and everyone kind of stood around with their hands in the air. I will say that it became a little awkward for the other parties who were seated in our area. I wish there was a more secluded area we could reserve for events like this.笑
Came here for lunch before the 5K and Half Marathon last weekend. Got there around 11:30, so it wasn't very busy. We definitely brought the average age down a few years. As it got closer to noon, however, the place started filling up with the lunch crowd. There were 4 of us in the group and we all started with salads. The house dressing was pretty light and I liked the inclusion of red pepper on the salad. Not something you normally see. I went with the spaghetti and meatballs. They have a choice between spaghetti and spaghettini, but I am partial to thin spaghetti (I know, way to be difficult!) so I wish they had that option, but lets be honest, I'm just being picky. The meatballs were awesome. Light and flavorful, even for a giant meatball. You get 2, but I could only finish one. 

Overall, this was a good place to grab a meal before a big race or if you're just looking for some good Italian food.笑
We are here celebrating my mother's 75th birthday. The food was outstanding & the Tirimisu was divine. They even put a candle in Mom's tiramisu! Highly recommended.笑
My partner and I came here on a Friday evening. I would recommend making a reservation for busy evenings (Fridays, Saturdays), but not vital. We were warmly greeted by the hostess and brought to a booth where we were served warm bread and water. The bread was great with their freshly grated Parmesan and olive oil! My partner had a small classic Italian salad, while I opted for the Caesar salad. Both were very good and very fresh. 

For our entrees, I had the Fettuccini Frutta Di Mare and my partner had the Primavera. I loved my entree - there was a healthy amount of lobster and shrimp, and the creamy sauce was very rich and delicious. My partner's Primavera was pretty basic. The taste was nothing extraordinary, and we easily could have made his dish ourselves. 

The ambiance of the restaurant was warm and welcoming, but the noise level gets pretty loud at times. Our waitress was friendly, but also rushed us at times. Our entrees came almost immediately after our salads were brought out - which left them a lot of time to cool down and I didn't really like that. 

Overall, this is a very nice Italian restaurant and worthwhile to try!笑
Wow. Such salt. It's like they over salt to compensate for the lack of real food and flavor. Very disappointed. Would not recommend.笑
I wasn't impressed by my experience at Minneci's, but I left feeling satisfied. We arrived here for an early dinner at 4:30 PM over Dads Weekend at U of I and our party of eight was seated immediately. Service was a bit slow at times. We waited ~10 minutes before a server brought us our waters. However, this was almost made up for by the fact that the server brought us several baskets of warm garlic bread. Yum! We filled up on that, so we didn't have to bother with ordering appetizers. This was a definite plus.

I decided to order the white pizza flatbread. Our wait was a bit longer than it should have been, but I wasn't particularly hungry and the conversation was good, so it didn't bother me too much. My flatbread was good, not great. It wasn't particularly special or flavorful; I probably could have baked something similar in my own kitchen. Overall, I felt like the price point was too high for the quality of food we got. $17 for the chicken parmesan my brother ordered was much too high. This isn't Chicago, after all; it's Champaign. 

At the end of our meal, we felt like we were kind of being pushed out of there. They kept taking different items off our table, like the napkins, silverware, baskets of bread, etc. They clearly were trying to get us out of there because we were still chatting after paying. Also, my brother's girlfriend told me the manager winked at me creepily as we were leaving. Overall, our experience was satisfactory and everyone else in our party was satisfied/a fan of the place. Maybe living in Chicago has just spoiled me for my food standards! My impression is that this place is perfect for people who don't like anything outside of the box. People who are impressed by Olive Garden will be blown away by Minneci's. To each his or her own!笑
A learning experience! I can't really speak to the food because I don't know that I've ever had Sicilian-style before, and it seems unfair to compare it to other italian food I've had (I will say it was delicious and rich and I left feeling way too full...they use much more oil and sauce than I'm used to). What I really enjoyed was how knowledgable and helpful our server was! He explained things in a way that didn't make me feel like an idiot, which led to me asking more questions and finding out even more! I learned that I like rosé (I'd been misled in the past to believing they are all sweet - they are not!), that it's acceptable to say bruSHetta in America (even though the italian pronunciation is bruSKetta), and that what I've always known as chicken piccata is called chicken piccante in Sicily, which I still don't totally get because it's not spicy? Anyway, if my experience with the staff hadn't been so great, this place wouldn't be as high on my list to try again. What a delight to not be treated like a clod when my wine inexperience is on display!笑
After having brunch several times with the food quality good for a reasonable price, we found last Sunday to be horrible and the prices significantly raised to $20 a person. 

The only thing enjoyable was the iced tea and that wasn't even included in the price!笑
Had a group dinner on 9/1/2015. Maybe 30 of us. Service was terrific. Salads and entrees served timely. Entrees were hot and delicious. I had the spinach tortellini and will be anxious to try again. Very good. Servers were great. Highly recommend.笑
Yup, these guys have managed to totally mess up chicken parmesean. It was dull, dry as if they fried it a few days before and nuked it before serving it. Better places in town for sure. Not recommended.笑
I'm not sure how this is only a 3 star restaurant. We eat here frequently and it holds up much better than any of the chain Italian you can get. With all the sauces made in house, fresh is one of their main selling points. If nothing else give a local place a try rather than going to Olive Garden or Biaggi's!笑
Minneci's has been a very convenient place to eat that is close to our home.  However of late the food has not been consistent as it had been.  I'm am truly wanting this restaurant to do well, but I think that the owner needs to be a bit more concerned with the quality of food placed on the table.  Several times the food was so salty that it was difficult to eat,  and I like salt.  I hope that people try this place and if you feel your meal lacks,, it would ideal to let the owner know.  Restaurant business can be difficult at times.笑
The FOOD is so good here. Favor TOWN for sure. I appreciate the atmosphere and the extreme love of bread and Olive oil and Parmesan!! Amazing! I will come again. The service was a little lacking with the tables around the large party I was with and with our service. Sometimes it is the little things.笑
This may be the most bland and uninspired Italian food I've ever had. Everything tasted like is was either frozen first or came out of a can. There were no actual herbs that I could taste in any of my meals. No oregano, basil, fennel or garlic. Is this really Italian? Bland, luke warm, small portions....need I say more?笑
Second time here and probably the last. Bad service and bad food. Took a couple of reminders that we needed an extra place setting and then only brought 2 of our 3 entres and had to wait 5 minutes for the 3rd one. Chicken Parmigiana was very tough, salmon was dry and loaded with garlic. To top it all the piano player was too loud so you couldn't have a conversation笑
We were very, very pleased with our dinner last night at Minneci's at the Crossing. We took out our employees, so we were a table of 5. We ordered a bottle of wine, appetizers (mozzarella with artichokes and fried calamari), and assorted entrees. We also ordered dessert. Everything was hot and delicious (except the calamari - but I think that's because we are in the midwest). The server was courteous and attentive. The pianist really added a nice touch to the evening. We all had a great time. It felt very European.

What I will say is that some parts of the meal were really drawn out - we actually prefer this. We didn't feel rushed. That's how a meal should be! But I can understand why some people would find that annoying. The prices are very reasonable, the portions are perfect. The server seemed young and a little inexperienced, but she did a good job.

Another reviewer said she was confused as to where to go when she walked in. I actually really like the wall. It will surely help keep out the cold wind in the wintertime. The restaurant has an open layout but it's, in a way, separated from the outside. That gives it a nice, classy feeling. I really liked it!笑
Great food great service! Love the meatballs and calm chowder! Lasagna is awesome too!!!!笑
This is the first ever review of my life. Guess what made me do it?
ordered chicken piccante with calamari. ABSOLUTE DISASTER
everything from ingredients to way they cooked them.

chicken was THIN, DRY, OVERCOOKED
they use tiny squid for calamari, it was also THIN and DRY. the calamari easily cracks into pieces (yes, the meat inside is so dry it cracks and breaks). it was kinda like fried beef jerky but more bland. I suspect they use fridge dried squids.
The sauce for piccante was bland, as if made out of some power mixed into water.
The garlic bread was unbelievably soggy. No doubt they were microwaved.

I really feel sorry for the restaurant to write this review but it was easily the worst italian food i had in my life and have to speak out against people who think food here is even remotely okay. ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE. maybe it's the atmosphere of the restaurant that deludes them into thinking food is good. I can't speak on that because I had mine delivered by Mr Delivery. But speaking strictly on the food itself, it is really really really really bad for it's price.笑
I would have given a 0 star if possible. Horrible Service, dirty seats, okish food.  Had gone for lunch and the booth they seated us had dirty seats. When I looked around the other booths also had dirty seats. I ordered a sandwich and told him no lettuce and he brings a sanwich with just the meat in it with no tomatoes and onions and when I asked him why it does not have any of that he just remarked saying he mentioned no lettuce and the chef probably thought no veggies. He was not apologetic and was stating as if that was correct. There second item we ordered was supposed to accompany fries but he gave us potato wedges. At the end of it he charged one of the item at 15 instead of 12 dollars. When we asked he said the menu prices got changed but he can reduce the price for us as if he is doing us a favor. If prices have changed they have to indicate it in the menu (or) atleast inform us upfront. The attitude was really bad more than the fact that they messed up order and indicated wrong prices. 


That said the food overall was ok-ish and nothing great. Never going back here.笑
Timing is everything - Took my dad out for Father's day here last evening and the food was great.  Wednesdays is 1/2 off house wine night so we decided to take advantage of that.   Waitress was very attentive  but missed the mark when our entree arrived immediately after our salads did.   The restaurant wasn't busy so I'm assuming the kitchen was looking for something to do and BOOM, our meals were done.   Disappointed as I then felt hurried to eat my salad before my meal got cold.   

The food was wonderful, wife ate the meat manicotti and it was the best since the old 'Dom's' closed.  Fresh bread was plentiful, and the 1/2 price wine made it a great deal.

Would have been 5 stars and I will give them another chance sometime to earn it.笑
Minneci has always been a great place for lunch and dinner. My wife and I went to their Sunday brunch today. All can say say is I wish we had gone before and we will return many times in the future.笑
Awesome! Had dinner here last night with my parents and a close family friend. Our friend recommended coming here for dinner, since we were interested in a good Italian restaurant. We all enjoyed the food, atmosphere, and our waiter, Gabriel. He was very friendly and professional. He was training a waitress, and he was a good choice to be her trainer. My dad and I love bread, and the bread basket has a few different choices. It is also refilled upon request! I am deducting a star for two minor irks: they were out of red velvet cake, so I decided upon a cannoli for dessert (which was wonderful, by the way, but I love all things red velvet!), and they did not offer Dr. Pepper or Mr. Pibb. Definitely worth a return trip! You may want to do what we did on a Saturday night, which was arrive at 5:00. Either this is before their dinner rush (it did get busier as our meal went on), or we just happened to luck out on this particular evening. Since we live in St. Louis, this is a place we won't get to often, so when we do go, it will continue to be special!笑
Amazingly delicious food! Bread is fresh made to order! All of their sauces are made in house! And the owner is super personable! Overall great atmosphere and would def recommend so of the great Chianti wine selections they have!