The food was actually not too bad, but the customer service could have definitely been better. While our server was really nice, the night started off rocky. I called earlier in the week to make sure there was no cover charge since they have salsa nights on Saturday. I was told if we were dining, there would be no charge. I made a reservation since there were 15-20 of us celebrating my birthday. When we arrived we were being charged $12 per person since there was a boxing fight on. I explained to the cashier that I was never told about the fight and the cover charge. She said we would not be charged, only to find out my whole party was charged anyway. We were there for my birthday! Not for the fight, and they should have honored the mistake that THEIR employee made when taking my reservation. If i would have known they were hosting the fight and charging, I would have chosen a different restaurant as I am not a big boxing fan. I was pretty embarrassed as people were asking why they were being charged. Also I had chosen this restaurant because the website says they have mariachi Thursday through Saturday. When I mentioned this to the cashier she said "oh they're only here sometimes on Saturdays" Hmm you might want to change that on your website then!笑
Worst food in the world!! So salty took 2 hours to get a refills. Waitress rude manager doesn't care. I will never come here again. If you want high blood pressure come and order anything on the menu. Don't drink any fountain or ask for a cup if water it's worse then tap! Oh and don't ask for an appetizer you will get it after your dinner comes. You complain and they will tell you to come back when there not busy to get better service. Nice management NOT笑
I suppose I'm mildly surprised that I'm the first reviewer here.  Am I missing something?  

I mean, the place seems nice enough.  It's in a big market that seems popular.  

Ah, what do I know?  I'm just a guy from out of town that happened to try this place out on a whim on a Wednesday evening when a lot of the local choices were closed (such as Carolina's which was my first choice).  

I'm here to say that this place is pretty darn good.  I loved my Carne Asada burrito.  That thing had more meat in it than any burrito I ever had.  Literally, it was almost all meat.  No rice, some beans, a bit of cheese, and a ton of steak.  If that makes you happy, this will make you happy.  I even loved the little side of rice they gave which was a little more mild than you might expect, but I liked it that way.  

I loved the chips and salsa, very fresh.  I tried a shrimp taco too, and found it good although the fried shrimp was a little tough and chewy.  That probably kept it from 5 stars there.  

And the price couldn't be beat.  The burrito plate with a couple of tacos, and the free chips with salsa all came out to $13 total.  At least for this out of towner, I considered it excellent.  

Maybe there are better places and I'll find those next time.  This place satisfied my Mexican jones just fine, thank you!笑
I was surprised how big the court yard and how spacious the restaurant are. Went there on a off peak hour afternoon. Still have few tables finishing/ starting their late lunch. 

I tried the shrimp empanada for appetizer and ordered the "back to life" cocktail.

Their shrimp empanada was deep fried, but not greasy at all. It was crisp with juicy shrimp in it. This appetizer came with a green sauce. I honestly felt that "sauce" is just liquified jalapeno. But this appetizer itself is tasty enough to be needing any sauce.

The basket of chips and bowls of salsa was delicious and fresh made. Chips were not stale or over salted. The salsa is house made and delicious.

When I got my cocktail I was shocked, unlike any cocktail I ever had before, it's not served in a pretty glasses cup. It's served in a gigantic bowl. Also, not like the usual cocktail I enjoy, it didn't come with much variety of seafood. It's loaded with shrimp, and couple other pieces of this and that. I am not sure which is it, but one of the seafood ingredient was not fresh and taste spoiled. I didn't get sick afterward, but I also was hesitant to continue eating after the spoiled experience.

Surprisingly, I will totally go back there again. I will just stick with cooked food next time!笑
I would love to rate their food, but we never got to try any.  My mother and I decided to try this place since we had a restaurant.com certificate and the reviews were pretty good. However, after about 20 minutes of waiting AND calling them from our table (yes, seriously) we never got any service, not even a glass of water! Maybe if we had brought a friend of Hispanic decent things would have been different....
Highly disappointed and offended.笑
I been at this place  and the service its great . The food  its tasty . I like to go the . U  can enjoy your food indoors or outdoors笑
This place is Amazing!!! The food id Delicious and the atmosphere is just fun! They have Salsa Nights on Saturdays and the music is great! Definitely top 5!!!!笑
I found this place in May 2013. Since then I have been to that place more than ten times. It's a whole different experience of Mexican food!!
I never really liked oysters until I tried their Vuelve a la vida oysters. They're a bit pricy but I have come back to this restaurant mainly for them.
Their tostadas are great too.  I tried the shrimp and octopus one and it was great.
I also tried a creamy shrimp dish, forgot the name of it, and it was awesome!
I have also tried a deep friend whole fish and it was great.

Oh and their complimentary ceviche is to die for!!! Finally, you gotta order a michelada, it's a great drink!

The waitresses are really nice. Most of them don't speak English but that makes it even more fun for me to try and practice what I learned from rosetta stone lol. 

I totally recommend this place.笑
Ayyyyy dios mio! I have never been so happy to eat Mexican food. Forget Filibertos and every other 'bertos place... Mariscos is the new spot for hangover food, feel-good food, comfort food or stuff-your-face food. 

I had no idea what to order - luckily one of my girlfriends is Mexican, so she brought us some phenomenal dishes. One of them was a bowl of soup with every type of seafood (shrimp, mussels, lobster, clams, etc.) imaginable (mouth-watering). One of them was a mixed plate of chicken/beef/shrimp fajitas with crazy toppings (so freaking tasty). One of them was a chili pepper guacamole shrimp insane mix of a platter (delicious). Then, we had these drinks called Micheladas (spell-check that shit) which consisted of tomato juice and some weird beer. Instant hang-over cure, by the way.

They also have a stage with a live band that plays music while you eat! I haven't seen that since my Rocky Point days! 

The service is a tadddd bit slow (we waited for quite awhile to get sour cream) but the waitresses are super sweet, and the food is heavenly, so I really didn't care. 

You HAVE to check this place out.笑
Food was amazing. Micheladas were the best weve had. Its great for large groups and perfect on a Sunday.笑
We are in Phoenix for New Year's and visited at 2 in the afternoon on New Year's Day. Place was mostly empty and we waited a bit for a server to take drink orders. They brought out salsa and a small bowl of shrimp ceviche which was very good so we ordered a large fish ceviche. Also had cheese and chicken enchiladas which were good but nothing special, fish fillet stuffed with seafood was fantastic, beef burrito mostly full of beef and very good as previous reviewer noted and shrimp empanadas. 

Overall the ceviche was outstanding along with the fish fillet while the empanadas had just chopped shrimp with no other seasoning or flavor inside and what appears to be a jalapeño purée with some tang to it. Despite slow service on this visit would highly recommend based on the stellar quality of seafood alone and other items were up to par in my opinion.  

Additionally, the building and patio area take the ambiance to a whole different level. On this cool sunny afternoon it felt like we were enjoying a nice meal in a small town in Mexico.笑
This is by Ranch Market, awesome patio area when you enter, mexican steel statues, water fountain, tables and bar. 
Very friendly staff, waiting for food you get chips, salsa and small bowl of ceviche. 
*** Very good food and drinks, really liked the Azul Margarita w/ salt.笑
As with any Mexican restaurant you expect fresh chips & salsa and this place does not disappoint!   Not only do you get a traditional salsa fresca but also ceviche salsa.  If you also want some heat don't miss the salsa verde (green) they serve with the shrimp empanadas...so good we put it on everything!   I already mentioned in my tip that the portions are well sized & well priced.  The patio is also a great place for small or large groups & instead are large family sized tables.  The only downsides - service was slow & the mariacchi ask for a $20 tip per requested song ($5-$10 is pretty standard).笑
The restaurant is pretty, and the staff was very friendly; but when it comes to the food, it was not very good, it wasn't disgusting but it wasn't good. I had a tostada of fish ceviche, nothing that will make me come back, I also had fish tacos and those were okay.