Much needed cultural addition to the area!  We had the buffet late on a Sunday afternoon and everything was delicious. I particularly enjoyed the afghani eggplant and the chicken kabob.Ǿ
I was so happy to see the local Gyro place. First thing is the name - Gyro King raises the bar very high, which is in my opinion doesn't represent the reality. This place is   Unfortunately fairly rated for 2-3 star max. The wait time was around 20 min, with only 2 people in the restaurant. The food was ok, combo plate I think is overpriced for the amount of meet they offer and gyro was not with fresh meat, but tasted alright. Overall I would give 3 starts, most likely won't come again unless in so hungry or very lazy to go anywhere else, since it's very close to my house.Ǿ
I grabbed lunch here to go. I had ordered the gyro and hummus. The gyro was delicious and even the presentation was nice! The hummus was good but I would have liked a different type instead of the original. The owner said he was working on changing up the menu, so I will be coming back!!Ǿ
Food was very good and owner was very friendly! Definitely will be coming back. Had a great first time experience.Ǿ
Best food in my neighborhood!!! We come several times a month. The place is always clean and the owner is friendly.Ǿ
Love this place, great food :)))), lots of food for the money can't beat it when you want to eat a lot for a decent priceǾ
So my husband and I decided to try something new and let me tell you that this place doesn't disappoint! The decor is very original the customer service was exceptional! The food was incredible and delicious. We had the Gyro Sandwich and the Kabab Combo. This place is a must try!Ǿ
Enjoyable new Middle Eastern restaurant in Laveen, Arizona. Nothing too fancy but a much needed addition to the community.  I've only been there once but had the Kebab Sampler, Chicken Wrap, Hummus, and Baba Ganouch.

Kebab meats were all tasty. Chicken was a little dry, but the beef was tender and flavorful. Can't wait to try it in a gyro next time. The shining star is the chicken tandoori.

Hummus was tasty too, with liberal amounts of olive oil and paprika. Baba ganouch was ok but not spectacular.

I can't wait to try the other dishes. I'll add a photo of their menu to this. As far as the service, it is slow so plan a little time. I've heard they are a scratch kitchen so everything is fresh. They are kind and explain the menus and ingredients if you ask. It also looks like they will be doing buffets in the future which I'm looking forward to!

They are a little rough around the edges as they are a new business. AC wasn't working, they still needed a soda machine, they ran out of some dishes. But the food is good for the price point. For two people with two dishes and a side of baba ganouch, we came out spending 24 bucks including tip.

Will go again!Ǿ
Such a wonderful dining experience! There is a beautiful sitting room with pillows and low tables that was exciting to sit in. The food was great-- it reminded me of street food. Very flavorful and well seasoned. The service was fantastic-- I believe we were served by the owner, who was very sweet and personable. My only wish is that the food had more sauce-- but that may be a personal preference. Overall, we will be back!Ǿ
Food is wonderful and a nice change from other restaurants in the area.  The owner is so nice and goes out of his way to make sure you are happy with your food.  I have been here several times although I have not experienced their Sunday Buffet, although I plan to in the near future.  Give them a try, and lets remember to support our local businesses.Ǿ
This place looks closed and vacant. Look for the flashing open sign, it's easy to miss.  Stop by you won't be disappointed. I think I dealt with the owner, he was Very friendly. My gyro was fresh and authentic.  They have an Afghan style buffet on Sunday's, Good selection.Ǿ
An amazing local restaurant. The food was delicious and the service outstanding. Can't wait to return.Ǿ
I came here from out of town with someone who comes frequently and I have to say that this place is the best food around. The owner is probably the nicest guy I have ever met and a very humble and nice ownerǾ
Not many places near here to get this type of food so, very fortunate that it's delicious and the people are friendly. Gyros and falafel are great. Can't wait to try the buffet.Ǿ
Was in the neighborhood meeting my client at the final will thru.  Yelped and found this place.  Food was delicious.  Thank you.  

I have the Chicken Tandoori combo.  Yum.Ǿ
I've been to this place countless times as it's one of my favorite restaurants. I love Afghan cuisine and this place does it perfectly.  The service is excellent, they come by you several times to make sure everything's okay. I love their food. I highly recommend.Ǿ
The food is very fresh and quite authentic. It's my first time stopping by here but I plan on ordering take-out from them since they're so close by and very cheap. The portion sizes are very satisfactory. I believe I dealt with the owner and he was very polite and professional. We ordered takeout and the food was still piping hot. They've earned my business and I hope they'll earn yours too.Ǿ
This was my first time coming here, they recently renovated to become a restaurant, as they were a grocery store with a small cafe before. Absolutely loved the food, and the staff was very kind and friendly.Ǿ
We've lived in this area for almost 4 years now.  When this place first opened as a grocery store under a different name and different ownership, we were pretty jazzed.  We were told every time we went in and grabbed fun items like pickles or spices, that they would be serving cooked food soon.  After a few years of it never happening, and it changing hands several times, we kind of gave up on coming.  Once I saw the Kabab King sign up, I was really excited.  It took what feels like forever to finally open, and then even more time before we finally had the opportunity to go here.

We had an appointment at the nearby Sonora Quest Lab and decided it would be a perfect time to try it out.  We both ordered the Gyro with French Fries.  This does not come with a drink, you have to pay extra so we both got bottled waters.  We also ordered the sambosas.  It took a while for the food to come out.  First, the sambosas came out with a nice green sauce.  Very good, but you can tell they were store bought and cooked in a toaster oven.

We waited even longer and finally got our Gyros.  We were so very disappointed.  The meat is imitation frozen meat.  The kind of stuff I've only seen once or twice in my life, where the strips are all uniform, as if they were vacuum formed.  Anyone who's ever had anything close to an authentic Gyro would be able to spot this.  It's the same fake stuff I mention in one of my other one star reviews, a deli and grill using this junk.  My biggest issue was the Gyro poster on the wall depicting REAL Gyro meat cooked on a spit.  There was very little meat and a lot of lettuce, tomato and pickles.  The sauce was so thin, it felt a lot like store bought Greek salad dressing, not tzatsiki.  The fries were cold, bland and soggy.

We went to pay and he charged me for the food that the ONLY OTHER CUSTOMERS in the entire restaurant ordered.  We had to correct him, as it was about twice the cost.  They thanked us and reminded us of the buffet on Sundays. Don't think we'll be back or try the buffet here.  Much like trying a taco at a Mexican food place for the first time, if you can't get a Gyro right, then there's just no love in the food.

The restaurant was hot, with big fans blowing and one TV set to some weird channel about $35,000 plane tickets.  I can't even imagine how hot it will be this summer.  None of this surprised me, but I REALLY wanted to be surprised.  They all seem like really sweet employees and owners and very friendly, and it makes me sad to give only 2 stars.  It doesn't seem like they do enough business to support making all fresh stuff which is fine, so maybe they should re-envision their business and represent itself as a fast food mid-eastern place.Ǿ
Food is authentic and really good. The buffet is awesome!!! If you have never had middle eastern food, i recommend the buffet! A little bit of everything to try.  Prices are reasonable too... Will be coming back, A LOT!to this establishment!!!Ǿ
I had the Vegi platter and my friend had a customized dish. The food was amazing and the service was excellent! Great little place in Laveen! We'll be back soon!!!Ǿ
I really enjoyed this place. The owner is very friendly and since there weren't a lot of other customers in the restaurant when we were there (Thursday night) we had a little chat with him. I had the Gyro and my wife had the Tandori Chicken. We also got the three piece Samosa and a plate of five falafel balls. My favorite was the falafel balls, which were just wonderful. I've never eaten falafel that tasted so fresh (and I've eaten falafel straight off the street carts of Jerusalem). The Samosa's were also great, very tasty little triangles of pastry with chicken meat inside. 

My wife's tandori chicken tasted like it had been cooked right over a campfire. It was like you could close your eyes and pretend you were in the mountains of Afghanistan eating it. She at every single piece, and that is something she usually doesn't do. 

I think the weakest part of the meal was my Gyro. It wasn't bad, but it was fairly bland. Not much sauce and not a ton of taste. But it was only $6 and came with french fries so you can't complain too much. 

They have a meat dish that I will try when I go back. They also have a buffet on Sunday afternoons for $14 that is all you can eat of every different thing they make. 

This is a simple restaurant. They don't have a large menu at all, I think about ten items. This means it very easy to decide what you want and the food comes really quickly. 

I would recommend this place even if I didn't like it simply with the hope that we will get more novelty restaurants on this side of town (I love Mexican food, but it's nice to have a choice for something else, you know). If you, like me, have seen the sign for "Kebab King" as you drive down Baseline then I suggest you give it a try one of these days. It's worth the very modest prices. Total cost for my wife and I (including 15% tip) was $28 and we got two entrees and two appetizers. I think he might want to consider raising his prices a bit, I wouldn't want to see him go out of business because he didn't charge enough. 

Thanks for the great meal!Ǿ
A much needed adition to the area, owner is super friendly and makes you feel right at home, food is very good.Ǿ
The best gyro I ever had and I have tried them all! The meat always taste Fresh and oh so delicious.  The owner is also friendly and knowledgeable. The only thing left I want to try is the Sunday buffet.Ǿ
Me and the lady stopped in here for to go lunch today. We both got the beef gyros with a side of basmati rice.

This is hands-down one of the best gyros I have had. Everything was on point from flavor, texture and freshness. the taziki sauce was fantastically vibrant with flavor.
The pita bread with the softest I have ever had.

The rice was cooked perfect not oily at all and was seasoned very well. 

We will be absolutely be returning to explore the other options on the menu.
Also btw a few days of the week they offer a buffet for a great price. The owner mentioned it is a good opportunity to explore most of the menu for sorts timersǾ
Definitely the most healthiest food in Laveen!  The Greek salad is delicious!  They just added the wings and salad to the menu.  Big on flavor low on price and it comes with salad!  I will definitely return.Ǿ
A kid up front took our order. We received the kids chicken strips and the pita and we were still waiting for our combos. The kid came out and explained they were out of beef, though it was disappointing, not a huge deal, we will just go with the chicken. He comes back a little later and then explains that they no longer have any rice either. At that point we cancelled our order. My heart went out to the little dude, having to tell customers that the restaurant is out of one thing after another is hard to do. We got our money back for the two combos and waited while the kids ate the chicken strips. Not once did an adult come up front to see if he needed help with anything or to apologize to us. He was on the phone constantly explaining to someone that he really needed change and kept asking when they would be there. I am all about family owned places and love when the kids get involved, but someone needs to take responsibility other than a ten year old.Ǿ
Pretty  AMZING. All fresh! It's a must!!  Never knew!! Thanks to yelp!!!  Best food around here!! Super nice an friendly. My new best friends!!Ǿ
The food here was dislish, it was first time here and I've tried many and I'm glad they are close by home. Now I have a place to go when I'm craving something middle eastern.Ǿ
The best GREEK FOOD place  Best customer service ever also! So good you guys all need to try it! Make this place popular because it is that good!Ǿ
Great tasting appetizers and wonderful service. The hummus and samosas were good, I would have liked for the the pita bread to be a bit warmer but other than it was tasty. I will be back for sure.Ǿ
My sister received a flyer for this place at work and we decided to give it a try. We were not completely convinced at first, but happy we gave it a try! I ordered the combo plate and my sister ordered the chicken kabob plate. The beef was so tender and waaaaayyy tastier than other places (Persian room) the amount of food was ample and enough to share if need be. My sister loved her chicken plate. The chicken was just as flavorful. The owner was very nice and was happy to explain the menu and chat with us. We will def be giving them another try and adding them to our list of go to restaurants! Give it a try if your up to something new.Ǿ
The food is great, well priced and comes out fast!  I'll be a regular customer for sure!Ǿ
I'm sorry, I've been to several Greek restaurants in my time (large and small and family owned) in different states and I'm very disappointed  in the meal I ordered.  It was a simple Gyro Greek salad meal.  But I received store bought oily sliced Gyro meat, bagged iceberg lettuce, black olives not Greek olives and runny Tzatziki sauce with no flavor.  Usually one would get pita bread with their salad but the charge $.50 for a 1/2 sliced chewy pita bread .  I guess I expected to much.  

You'll find a Chicago style Greek location in Avondale that is a small family owned business and it's great.  I'll stick with them.  

I hope Kabab gets the message and does better.Ǿ
The food here is phenomenal!!  Everything I've tried so far (chicken sandwich, chicken tandoori, chicken tenders, Bolani, hummus, buffet items, etc) has been absolutely delicious!  It's flavorful, fresh, and I can't wait to eat everything on the menu.  And the owner is very nice... It's so good to have this restaurant here!!

In addition to the foods above, the restaurant just added a burger to their menu.  The burger is so tasty as well!  The quality of their food is truly wonderful... I'd eat here for breakfast, lunch, and dinner if I could!Ǿ
I was impressed by their chicken - in both varieties. Much better then all of the chain fried chicken places around. They advertise the bread, hummus and pastries as home made-the hummus and bead were very tasty / they were sold out of the pastries so I couldn't try those yet. Can't wait to try the Gyros. Love the little room where you can sit on pillows on the floor and hear there is an extensive buffet menu on Sunday's that I hope to try soon. A much needed food option addition to this area-Check it out!

This has become one of our favorite restaurants-with a visit at least once a week!  The food is consistent in quality/taste-always fresh, with new options added periodically. They still have buffets-now extended throughout the week and now deliver as well. 

Great owners - great food - small local business - can't beat it!Ǿ
I went here today and the decor is nice and the staff is friendly (although not much for waiters he mostly kept to the back of restaurant.) and me and my friend were the only patrons so it would've been possible to check up on customers. and they have a lot of specials and deals but the food was not up to par with my expectations. 

It looked nice and was plated well but the flavoring was dull and bland. Even the tzaziki sauce was water with no tang to it. And the gyro meat almost seemed packaged there wasn't any real texture or flavor to it. But it wasn't all bad. The rice was pretty good.

Overall it is a nice place with potential but the seasoning needs to be bolder and ingredients didn't seem too fresh. So I would just they focus on the food aspect and this will be a great restaurant. 

From looking at the other reviews I feel like most of these 5star ones have been going to a completely different restaurant.idk if you just wanted the free drink so you wrote a nice review or what but this place is far from 5 starsǾ
Ordered gyro sandwich and falafel side thru Yelp app.  Place is super clean and looks very neat, staff is very nice and friendly.  Food was delish, loved the gyro meat and the falafels were crunchy... next time more sauce please! lol other than that 5Ǿ
Happy to be the First to review!

To start this place used to be an ethnic grocery store, so when you walk in, it still sorta looks like a grocery store.  

Came in for dinner with my husband.  Ordered the combo platter and falafel.  The combo platter came with rice, side salad, tandoori chicken, kabob chicken, and traditional kabob meat.  Everything tasted fresh and homemade.  I really liked the kabob chicken but my husband really liked the tandoori.  Neither of use cared for the traditional, but meal loaf/balls/kabob has never really been my favorite so go judge for yourself.  I also really enjoyed the rice. The falafel was also very good, but I didn't enjoy the sauce as much. The meal came with humus, garnished with chickpeas and a very yummy olive, and pita which was also tasty.  We were even offered a refill of the humus!

The place is clean but still transitioning from a grocery store.  Unfortunately it was very hot as if there was no AC.  This is a big issue that I hope is resolved.  Service was fantastic! The owner seems to be waiter, cashier, and cook at the moment and he seemed to be doing everything better than I would expect!  

Wanted to order baklava but they were sold out.  The owner says they make it daily and it sells out fast!  

I hope this place succeeds.  I love local businesses and Laveen needs more food options.  I would love to see them expand their menu a little and add salads or maybe see their demand grow and not have items sold out.Ǿ
When you walk in the place is still under construction. You order at the entrance by this kid (who is actually really cute and smart). The food took really long to come out. We waited almost an hour. Then when it came out there was no cutlery to eat the food... They served the food in a to go box, even though we were dining in... Umm...The koobideh was pretty good, rice could do a bit more saffron. Needs a lot of work with the service. But hopefully in the future it will improve. It's no Persian Room that's for sure.Ǿ
We. Went there for yelp review. The restaurant was empty and no one was there except owner. Owner told us. they don't have chef today but they make food just like chef. We waited 30mins and couple of guys came in to just use restroom - one came out and standing in front of the restaurant and the other two didn't show up. When they came into the restaurant, they look around and look suspicious.Call me paranoid- I was really scared. After couple mins, food came- we just did take out. Food was terrible- no taste and cold expensive- the most of all I didn't feel safe in the restaurant- I will never go backǾ
Love the Kabob combo platter and their veggie Samosa's are great! Make sure you get the chutney that goes along with it and I'd ask for an additional Tzatziki sauce ...  great service, great authentic ambience and more importantly great food!Ǿ
This place won't last...been a couple times and each time I've ordered the same thing and the total has been different and part of the order had been messed up or forgotten. Make sure you check your food before leaving. Whoever opens doesn't open on time. Horrible serviceǾ
wow! this is the best kabab kabob i've had in all of phoenix! and the owner is SOOOOOO nice. it seems like he doesn't do it for the money at all - rather to provide the community a service and a gathering place. such amazing food, all fresh, in a clean environment, with such pleasant service. only downside is how far it is from central phoenix - but i'll still be going back!!Ǿ
4 adults and 3 children dined in on a Thursday night - food was great and so was service - loved the owner - he was so nice and accommodating - will def be returning hereǾ
Can't go wrong with the kabob combo! The chicken is delicious and the meat. The rice has always been so delicious and not oily as I expected. Gotta try it! I've recommended this place to all of my family. I'm lucky I live right around the cornerǾ
This place is hands down my new favorite place to eat. Second time here and a week and I am not ashamed!! Food is amazing and the owner is super friendly which makes the dining experience that much better. I highly recommend this place!!Ǿ
Having been here a few times, and unlike Chris A.'s expectations, who went to this Afghan restaurant in order to bitch and moan that it wasn't "authentic Mediterranean food" (ya think, big boy? Do you also patronize Mexican restaurants and then complain that it's not authentic Chinese food?) in what appeared to have been a meth-induced, rambling review, I was expecting Afghan food. I received good Afghan food. 3 stars for the higher prices than comparable restaurants.Ǿ
This place was amazing, some of the best food I've had in the valley surprisingly. The owner was very friendly as well. I tried the sampler plate so I could get a little bit of everything and it was excellent!Ǿ
I needed a place to grab lunch and ordered takeout from eat24.  I avoid big burger chains like the plague and wanted something different from the area.  I was pleasantly surprised by this charming little place off Baseline in South Phoenix.  The order was for falafel with rice, gyro wrap and dolmas.  Everything was delicious, not dry as I've experience with other falafel and I recommend giving this place a try.  The order was packaged with care and the young man at the front desk was pleasant.  The restaurant looks like a small family run operation and hope to order again in the future.Ǿ
the food was delicious, family owned, all the food is bought fresh in the morning and prepared.  We had hummis, gyro, greek salad, eggplant, and sambosa.  our new favorite restaurant in our area of town.Ǿ
Such great food and such great service! The rice is amazing and the meat is unbelievably tender and perfect. Would highly recommend!Ǿ
Love them. Totally have been multiple times in the last few weeks.   You have to try the Samosa and the Falafel.Ǿ
I am giving 3 stars because they try. We ordered take out so this review is solely based on takeout experience.  

Gyro Sandwich w/ff
The gyro meat was mediocre.  The meat looked like it was deep fried and not even close to the picture. It came with lettuce tomato and pickles. I was Really disappointed with the fries.  They were a bit undercooked and soggy. And there were probably 12 small pieces.  

Chicken Kabob Sandwich w/ff
Great Flavor!  Pieces of sliced marinated chicken thigh. The chicken was very dry though.   It came with lettuce tomato and green pepper. I was Again, really disappointed with the fries. 


Chicken Tenders w/ff
The tenders were terribly soggy. And very very oily.  (Probably because the oil they cooked in was not hot enough) They came with a little bit of lettuce and tomatoes.  Very small portion of fries.  About half of a McDonalds small.  

Samosa 3pc
These were absolutely Delish!!!!  They are small but filled with a tasty chicken mix. Came with a little side of sauce that complimented the little fried triangles. 

Earlier in the afternoon I stopped by.  The buffet looked great!  Unfortunately I could not stay. So I had to return a few hours later for the takeout.  

The owner was very nice though and was eager and excited to service.  Which is why I decided on 3 stars. 

My wife and I will try one more time.  Next time we will dine in to see if the experience changes compared to takeout.  

They have great potential. We need more variety in Laveen as it grows.  I hope they can address some of the kinks that come with a new restaurant to drive more business and repeat customers.Ǿ
First time and I ordered for pickup. I ended up running some errands and had to nuke the gyro, some triangle pocket things,and baklava. Both were amazing and it's finally great to have a real gyro, lamb damnit, not beef. I highly recommend this place, priced great and amAzing food. I can't wait to try the rest of the menu items available.Ǿ
Ive been to this place twice. The food is the best in Laveen. It is different and unique from everything in Laveen. I definetly recommend everyone to try it out. It is also really affordable under $10 and they have a sunday buffet. The place looks amazing and the owner is the nicest guy in the world. Always support your local businesses and restaurants over the corporate skums.Ǿ
I was so happy a few days ago to see this is open again and then tonight more pleased to see my friend and owner Basir Ali.  The food was awesome, I had the number 6 plate. Maybe I was just missing the food so much but the marinade and seasoning on all three of the Kababs still leaves my mouth watering  and waiting to go back tomorrow for the Sunday buffet that starts at 11:30.Ǿ
Unlike Paul R.'s unnecessary comments and ignorance (maybe he really went to the Mediterranean areas and Afghanistan), I do not review a restaurant based on a rude attitude towards those who didn't appreciate his new favorite place.
Overpriced food, slow service (this one is fine IF the food is good!), flavorless food: I won't be back. I don't really understand the good reviews, obviously people have never tasted authentic Mediterranean or Afghan foods to compare...Ǿ
Awesome food and friendly service! Food is very fresh and inexpensive. Little off the beaten path, but worth it!Ǿ
I enjoyed lunch! We had a chicken tandoori sandwich and a gyro. We wanted French fries but the gentleman informed us he ran out. He offered a substitute and let us try sambosa(a bread pouch w/meat and veggies). It was a good alternative and I liked it. It's a very small quaint restaurant and you can tell they utilize the space for family gatherings. Overall, I'll be back to explore the menu some more.Ǿ
Started off with Hummus with Pita bread and Sambosa both delicious and authentic tasting. No pics only because we devoured it before I thought about taking any. Unfortunately, the rest of our meal didn't live up to the great start. Our meal came out almost cold and the Kabab Koobideh had a smoky but tangy flavor (not sure if that's how it was supposed to taste) that was not pleasant. Although, the chicken kabab and chicken tandoori were good, despite the food temperature.Ǿ
Great local business operated by a genuinely nice individual and neighbor! Food is fantastic, and we tend to make ourselves regulars for it. Decor is great, and it's a peaceful atmosphere. Sunday buffets are a must, and a great way to experience the range of their food.

I would definitely recommend them!