Every single time we visit Toronto we hit up this place for all I can drink purple haze's and a giant table full of appetizers. Again, awesome night out, we always make a point of not rushing at this place, I mean, aside from the wicked memorabilia, the staff is always great,  the haystack salad is so good and no I am not a person that just eats salads when she goes out for dinner (read the rest of my reviews) but seriously, pay the extra for the cool glasses and enjoy the night!笑
We adore this place!  Awesome music!  We don't have to endure that Dance/Hip Hop/RnB crap that's crammed down your throat in SO MANY other places.  It kills my appetite and I can't wait to get out of there.  Here it's rock!  Plain and simple.  Heck, it's in the name!

The food is pricey.  But the food is excellent, the portions are huge, and the staff is courteous, friendly, and attentive.

Of course it's loud.  But that's because of the large crowd that is there majority of the time and the music.

To go with the music is an assortment of music memorabilia all over the place and the gift shop is pretty cool too.  Upstairs is a large area for private events.

I don't know what people are talking about when they dislike the food, since we've never had a bad experience.  If you're too cowardly to send food back that isn't to your liking, then you pretty much have surrendered your right to complain.  How can a restaurant get any better if they don't hear about where they can improve right then and there?

If you like rock (both classic and current), you can handle a noisy environment, and aren't looking for fast food, nor gourmet lah-dee-dah food, I highly recommend the Hard Rock Cafe!笑
It's a Hard Rock Cafe. Like any other Hard Rock Cafe, the line will be long, the crowd will be tourists, the food will be American and the prices will be reasonably pricey. It's also very loud. But it is a Hard Rock Cafe, so the atmosphere is fun, and (because it is in Toronto) it isn't smokey. The merchandise is pretty much the same as other Hard Rocks, but it is still worth checking out, especially since you will probably have a 30 minute wait for a table to become available.笑
Went there on Sunday around 9pm for a desert. The place wasn't too busy. It was clean. The deserts were unbelievable. Very fresh, beautiful presentation, the portions were huge.  The stuff was very attentive, very polite and professional.  Excellent customer service. Will highly recommend this place to anyone.笑
Locale giusto per bere qualcosa dopo cena, tranquillo anche con la piazza piena per concerti. È ok!笑
Amazing interiors with huge collection from music industry combined with delicious food. Its legendary guys...
Ambience is quite vibrant n since its located in the middle of busy downtown , one can enjoy the view from its glass windows. Hub for Ontario bikers n fancy car owners 
I ordered a combo of chicken, ribs , beef meal which was tender n juicy. My cousin got steak which was well done n u can select ur side . 
Wouldn't recommend cocktails here as they were too sweet but my cousin gives 5 star to the chilled beer. Infact sit n hav a drink at the bar where tv blare sports channel .
Apparently the souvenir shop inside the restaurant has good collection of souvenirs from mugs , wine glasses , magnets , shirts to jackets . 40% off was a good deal at right time for me .
The best things that happened to me was dinning here笑
I'm saddened by the fact that the Hard Rock at Yonge/Dundas is going to get pushed out after 40+ years in business for yet another drugstore. That's capitalism for you.

Although I didn't have the chance to try it in the past, I finally made up for it by convincing the family to go a week ago. I had received tickets for a show at the Elgin Theatre down the street and wanted to visit the Hard Rock before they close in a couple months. I was pleasantly surprised by the atmosphere and quality of food.

I've always been a stickler for fish and chips - you know a restaurant has hit the mark when they have good fried fish. The plate I ordered here had massive portions, the good kind of creamy coleslaw and a heaping handful of beefeater fries for $17 - well worth the money, and the taste was great. My mother and aunt went for the veggie burgers, and were both impressed with the quality. It's difficult to get a veggie burger right, so any place that nails it is one well worth visiting.

If there's something I wasn't really keen on, it's the "commemorative" glasses they sell if you order certain drinks. While I get that they're selling it as a marquee experience and want you to feel like you're taking him a souvenir, I'm not spending $7 extra on cup for my drink. I think they're pushing this aspect relentlessly because the restaurant is closing soon.

That said, the shop inside the restaurant had a lot of interesting items to buy, and the memorabilia was quite impressive. We ended up sitting at a booth near a guitar signed by Nickelback (lol) and a blazer worn by Gord Downie of The Hip. Quite a cool ambiance.

I'd definitely recommend checking out the Hard Rock before it closes. Great food, great atmosphere. Can't ask for much more than that.笑
I've been to the Toronto Hard Rock a few times over the years and, sadly, the service has only gotten worse.  The food is pretty mediocre and is often slow to arrive.  We were there recently during the first Saturday of Filmfest and the place was not at all busy and yet we sat for fifteen minutes without even being greeted by a server - we left and ate somewhere else this time.  I think that was their last chance;  probably won't be trying that location again.  That said, their Hard Rock in Niagara Falls was a better experience.笑
Solid 3.5 stars, almost embarrassed to be caught in such a tourist destination but what the hey, client is buying.  

You come here for the gift shop and atmosphere, not for the food lol.  Ordered the nachos, which were good except for the beans.  They ordered burgers which looked pretty average to me.

Nice red velvet round booth seating on the left, good for meetings as they were several feet away from the main table seating area.笑
Staff was great and we were served fairly quickly. The food however is a bit over priced for what it is and at the end when you are receiving your bill you are informed they don't take debit. They do however have a wonderful ATM you can get cash from which you get charged a service fee for using. Not a terrible experience but I can't say I'll be eating here again.笑
I knew I was walking into a tourist trap but this place is definitely a tired institution. You can find much better food, service and ambiance elsewhere. I was expecting an average experience but what dragged it down was the service I got from the bartender. He was all eager to get me drinks and food which had me feeling great but when I went to pay I had to literally chase him down. I was almost ready to just walk out of the place in frustration without paying because of that. Even the brits beside me were getting a little pissed to get his attention to pay their bill. I'm sorry but if my visa card is down on the table by my bill you would think that I would maybe want to pay for my bill. Most service staff I deal with can spot these simple queues but I sear my bartender looked like he had a joint out back earlier in the day by how droopy his face and eyes were. But that is just speculation.

The food isn't anything special and well I don't get exited over their selection of rock memorabilia. The music isn't normalized so you go between one song being LOUD then another being noticeably more quiet. Maybe this was a bad choice for me but I wouldn't recommend the place unless you are looking for a cheesy tourist trap to grab a bite.笑
A nice store located right by their Eason Shopping mall and Yonge Dundas Square which is like a mini-NYC Times Square.  Most of these HRC stores are very tiny now.  Jennifer, the clerk who assisted me was pleasant and helpful.笑
My husband and I drove from Buffalo NY to Toronto to collect this location's Core guitar pin (the plain acoustic with the location printed on the body). When we got there, the associate said they were out of them and had been for awhile. .. how can you be out of your standard pin?! I wasn't happy to hear that since we had just driven 2+ hours for it. However, the associate was very nice and apologetic, and she helped me find a pin that would still work with my collection. It was an acoustic guitar that had a Canadian goose with a mohawk. I thought it was cute and now I have a story to go with it. Even better was that it was only $5 so it was definitely worth it! We did not eat at this location but I still give 4 stars because I left happy despite being upset that they didn't have their standard pin.笑
Bring a flare gun to get the attention of a server, any server. Why? 

If you are not a tourist, yet you find yourself sitting outside because the last of the good weather has seduced you to the patio after the baton death march from shopping accross the street please be prepared to wait.

It's not that business is so spectacular. It's that the patio servers can't seem to be bothered. You've been warned..Wish someone had done the same 4 me..笑
Super nette Bedienung, haben dort etwas getrunken, liegt an einem sehr belebten Platz, ist immer was los, Preise natürlich entsprechend (Bier 6,00 und Glas Prosecco 9,00 Dollar Can). Schön Abends im Außenbereich zu sitzen und dem Treiben zuzuschauen.笑
I ate there twince last month, and it was a Good Experience. The Wait Staff was Exceptional! Both times they were Friendly, and Provided Good Service. The Food is Good Quality, and the Location is in the Heart of what is Toronto's "Times Square." I will go back on my next trip.笑
Had amazing drinks, pina colada and strawberry margarita! Also a delicious dinner, I had a chicken quesadilla and it was so good, grilled chicken and super delicious! Great service!笑
Nice patio.

Totally mediocre and expensive food.  A tourist trap basically.笑
We came here after an inexpensive afternoon at the Eaton centre. Was gonna buy another Omega watch from European jewellers but reined myself back to reality. 

Non the less. . The restaurant was a good time. The staff was friendly and the atmosphere was fun and vibrant with the memorabilia from all sorts of music legends. For the 2 of us the bill came to around $75 including a good tip. The food was great. Burger and spiced fries and a grilled chicken sandwich and spiced fries and 2 desserts. .  All amazing.  Got a taste of them hard rock. . . Now I want the fill experience of the one in LA... 

PS: manager James came around to the tables while we were there,  introduced himself and ensuring all was good with the meal and experience.  After thinking about the stars I was going to give the HRC,  I'm going to give a 5. James pushed it over the edge with that little personal touch of welcome and manager interaction with the customers笑
It's a great place to pay 15 bucks for a hamburger. The staff is good but it's really pricey for really average food. I've been once and there is no need to ever go back.笑
Great food, great atmosphere, I always enjoyed stopping by during my stay in Toronto!笑
My husband and I were supposed to dine here this afternoon today until one female staff member ruined the whole day for us. 
She was rude and  unprofessional ! She smiled at us sarcastically and slammed our food platter right in front us, all because I had asked her if our drinks where on the way as I was extremely thirsty, she gave me a dirty look and mumbled something which I couldn't quite understand. I noticed she was talking about me with her colleagues. She kept touching the straws on our drinks whilst she brought them to us!   At that point I had lost it decided I had had enough so i insisted to speak to the manager right away. Manager didn't do much. I was disgusted. We ended up leaving right away without even eating there as we were so upset and disappointed with the service.
It's a shame as we had always enjoyed the atmosphere and vibe there but not this particular day. we will never go there again! 
This female waitress should be fired or sent of with a warning! It's people like her who give a place a bad name! Shameful! I mean if somebody is not content at a job place just leave or make space for somebody else who enjoys doing it! After all if it isn't for us the paying customers, she wouldn't have a job to go too!笑
So if your in to Rock this would be a place to good, great atmosphere, but and theres always a but. Even though the food was good and served pretty fast, its a bit on the over priced side and I got the feeling that that Waitress was wanted us out quickly, so we didn't really get a chance to sit and chat or enjoy the surroundings. So over all it wasn't bad.笑
This is not revenge or me being upset about getting wronged. This is place in toronto is awful. Ontario has a law that states burgers must be cooked to medium well. Whether you like that or not, any chef willing to put a piece of charcoal on a bun and serve it is clearly someone that doesnt mind serving a bad meal. The waiter did not even warn us that this would be the worst burger in history. The reason to condemn the whole restaurant is that anyone serving good food would not knowingly serve awful food.笑
This review was about to be two stars.  And then everything changed.

First off, if you like eating in the dark, with loud music blaring, and iconic pieces of pop-history bathed in a Leprechaun induced green glow, then you'll love this place.  It's the place for you!

I imagine it's the place you go to on a first date, because you don't have to talk to each other (in fact it's difficult to converse even across the small tables) and if there is an awkward pause, you can always look to the green, and say - hey...  Isn't that Rush band pretty awesome?!  Look it's a guitar!

And if that fails, just direct your date's attention to the music video and order shots.  

So first dates - that's what this place is all about.  But I was clearly pegged as someone who is no longer a young spry buck on the lookout for love.  Maybe they also saw the wedding rings?  I don't know.  But if I wasn't on a date - there was only one other purpose for me being there: I was a tourist.

Now, let me tell you - it would have been AMAZING if I was a tourist.  The waitress came up and asked what brought me to Toronto.  I told her dinner.  I think she thought I was joking.  She asked what I was going to do after dinner, and I said my wife and I would probably go home.  Oh no!  she cried, there's so much to do in Toronto, and we really must experience it.  She rattled off a number of suggestions (and to be honest, they were all good.  They were things I would suggest - not just tourist traps things, but places with views, and interesting locations.  If I really wasn't just out for dinner, I'd have loved to have done some wandering.)

When she couldn't sell us on that, she told us about the movie theatre on the north west corner of YD Square.  She recommended some films she'd heard were good.

This was getting awkward - but we'd committed too far, and so we went along with it.  I guess at this point we were tourists in Toronto.  For the night, anyway.  The worst tourists, who don't seem to care about anything, but tourists.

Now - I wanted to complain about the cost of food.  A burger for 15 bucks?  An appetizer platter for almost 25?  But then I ate the apps, splitting them, and I was full - with burgers still to come.  And then I had the burgers - and they were surprisingly good.  I really didn't expect much - but there are worse burgers in this city that you pay just as much, or more for.  

Sure I had to ask for my water to be refilled, but hey - maybe she wanted to give us country folk some time, uninterrupted, as clearly this was to be our only city experience.

But then the miraculous happened.  We paid for our dinner with a $50.00 gift card.  You'll note that our meal was more than that, even before taxes.   Two burgers, and the apps.  So I expect the bill, and to pay the rest.  When she comes back, she smiles at us, and tells us, "the manager covered the rest of your bill.  Have a great night."

I tell you what, I tipped better than ever there had been tipping before - and I left forgetting the loud music, the shamrock lighting, and anything else that may have bothered me.  It was a truly delightful experience, and I'd head back.笑
Awful atmosphere and bar.  The one and only time I went, the waiter was using me as the butt of all of his jokes to my friends.  How inappropriate is that?!   This place has tourist trap written all over it; it's the type of place locals don't go to because the bad service relies on tourists and not repeat customers.笑
I love the food here! This place is very consistent in every location. Definitely a must try!笑
Came here for mother's day brunch. They had good live music and very good service. I ordered the eggs benny and bruschetta. The hollandaise sauce could have been more flavourful. Waiting for them to open the patio. You get a really nice view of the Dundas square.笑
Hier haben wir es leider nicht geschafft zu essen daher bewerte ich nur den Rock Shop. Der Shop war einer der best ausgestattesten den ich je gesehn habe ( besser ist nur der in New York am Times Squere ). Die Mitarbeiter waren so freundlich und zuvorkommend. unermüdlich in ihren Bemühungen.笑
I was told at reception that no tables available on the patio. However, it was half empty on a sunny afternoon  in Toronto. Apparently trying to save costs. Many people angry about it. Bad manager? (See picture)笑
Not a great experience.
My boyfriend and I came here for my birthday a little while ago.
I ordered a watermelon Rita (Glorified margarita) and he ordered a pitcher for drinks,
We had their Nachos with chicken as an appetizer and I must admit it was very good, lots of cheese!
The waiter was very attentive as well which is nice.
For mains he ordered a burger, and I had their chicken/ribs combo.
My main came with coleslaw (Mushy), a cornbread muffin (STALE!!!) and fries (Crappy), The fries tasted like they came from wendy's and the ribs were AWFUL!!!! They were super tough, small and basically inedible, I gave them to my man. The chicken on the other hand was pretty good, especially compared to all the other crap on my plate.
Also, nothing was cheap, Our bill came to about 120 dollars which isn't great, especially for meh food.
Wouldn't return笑
First I've been to Hard Rock all over most are just OK, they are stupid expensive burger joints.   But if I had to pick the best one this would be it.   The Toronto hard Rock is always better than the rest.笑
Perhaps back in the days this was a good spot to meet at , but now with all the amazing restaurant I feel it has lost its charm. Eight of us went here for dinner on a Friday night. We had a plate of mixed appetizers which was good. I would recommend this for sharing and getting the conversations going! I love potatoes skins, and for the main I had the crunchy chicken salad. The salad was good as well, I only like crunchy salad, and the slices of avocado topping it made it that much delightful. 

It was a pleasant experience, but nothing too memorable.笑
typical "big box" restaurant. food was okay. service was okay. music was TOO loud. there are alot better places to eat in walking distance. to sum up, wasnt bad but wasnt phenomenal either. id dine there again.笑
Hard Rock Cafè è sempre una garanzia, anche a Toronto! Servizio ottimo (fatta conoscenza con Michael, che ci ha accolto e coccolato tutta la sera!), cibo all'altezza, birra ottima, musica dal vivo ... che altro desiderare?笑
It was a cold November night....
All of the other places near Massey Hall were PACKED (notice the CAPS)
I mean PAAAAACCCCKKKKKED!!!!! 
So, we went here as a last choice and well as the previous nice people have thoroughly detailed...It's average (at best) Personally not a big fan of the prefab food resto's.. but when desperation is abound, you gots to do what ya gots to do.  We had the "famous platter" that was luke warm and full of the boring typical bland items... Nacho's and wings etc. ZZZzzzzz
So if all else fails you might want to keep looking.笑
I had always walked by this Hard Rock Cafe, but never went in. Came here for someone's birthday and it was okay.

The place was crazy busy and didn't have much room overall. With a dimly lit atmosphere and oldies music playing, it was quite a cool environment to be in. The seating wasn't all that comfortable even though we had quite a few people. We all just had to cram into on section.

The food and drinks were all over priced, and everything seemed mediocre in terms of taste. I didn't get any food personally, but from what I could see, everything seemed quite oily/greasy.

The service was alright, as they were super busy and didn't have the time to accommodate their customers. Not really a place I would go to for dinner on a whim, but a nice atmosphere if you like the music!笑
Good place, at heart of downtown Toronto. Good food but the only thing that extremely shocked me was they do not accept debit card...just for that I'm giving two stars.笑
Overpriced but yummy.

I always walk by this place so one day I figured I'd go in. I went during lunch and it was almost empty, which is worrying since it's so close to Yonge Dundas square. 

After looking at the prices on the menu though, its not surprising that it was so deserted... the pricing is just not competitive for other restaurants in the area. Still, I ordered a bacon cheeseburger and Oreo cheesecake, both of which looked and tasted delicious.

The waitress was friendly, service was good, but I found the atmosphere and pricing to be offputting. It has more of a tourist-y feel and I would not go back.笑
Was there today after being at the ROM.  Firstly, the accessible door didn't work (my son is in a wheel chair).  We were seated quick enough, then that was it.  Fifteen minutes later, still no service, what so ever.  Our table was very visible.  So, we left.  Party foul, Hard Rock!!笑
Food was waaayy too over priced, and the food itself was not great. Ordered the Hickory BBQ Bacon Burger and I would pick a burger from Jack Astors or Pickle Barrel any day.
Service was terrible too, took us forever to get a waiter's attention for water/pop refill and the bill. 
Go across the street in the Future Shop building, there are plenty of better restaurants for you to choose from.笑
we're from california. vacationing in niagara falls. trekked up to toronto to order a shooter and collect a shot glass.

stella, the bartender was terrific. made a suggestion for my shooter, and it was pretty good. she offered to take a photo of hubby and me, think she's the only one who's every done that out of close to 20 HRCs we've been to. 

the cafe is ho hum. no HARD ROCK CAFE on the wall, no HRC-Toronto anywhere at all. there was no music videos on the monitors. music in the air but just HRC ads on the monitors. 

very much a let-down. very anti-climatic after that long drive in heavy traffic both ways.笑
We come here every year for a party and the service is always good. The food is good, too, but we always seem to order burgers. Haven't tried anything else. No complaints other than the price, but it's average for the heart of Toronto. Overall, always a good experience.笑
I'm not sure why we ended up deciding on a tourist geared chain, but we decided to go here one of the nights while in Toronto.  The food was "ok", but I expect better than than that for $20+ entrees.  The ambiance was not as good as I have seen at other Hard Rocks.  The waiter did the basics of his job, but was not very attentive or friendly.  Overall - not horrible, but certainly not a value.笑
Great location. close to Dundas sq. food is ok. bit pricey. sad to see this place go. and have a shopper world there.笑
Service was kind of slow for it only being about 3 PM, but our waiter was really friendly and the food tasted great!笑
- not being a fan of franchises and tourist traps, i wanted to report on the fact that this location has a really great space on the 2nd floor that appears to only be used for private functions and small/intimate concerts
- was here a couple of weeks ago for a japan tsunami relief fundraiser, and was blown away by the venue space.笑
This place it a dump!! IT IS A COMPLETE TOURIST TRAP! Stay away!!!!! Firstly, the place is not clean!! From the washrooms, to the table tops, to the floor!!! We sat on the patio and there were pigeons walking around on the floor, under our chairs and tables!! The food dropped on the floor by diners is left on the ground for pigeons! Our plates for our appetizers were wet!!! Secondly, the service was crap! Our waiter was nice but over talkative and a bit pushy! We ordered two drinks..one tasted so bad that it wasn't even touched!! The waiter did not care to wave it off the bill. Thirdly, the food was gross! The nachos were the worst I've had and tasted stale even though they seemed popular!! (Everyone around us was having them). Out of the 3-4 Hard Rock Cafes I've been to this was the worst!! Avoid it!!笑
The wait staff is very attentive and the atmosphere is very loud. We wandered in here on a whim and ordered the ribs and pulled pork sandwich. Loved the ribs and the red berry press was fantastic.  Unfortunately the sandwich was dry and wooden.  

They did comp us half the meal. The location is ideal.笑
Just a tip for those with kids:  watch the bill that you aren't charged for the kid's included drink, which will appear on your bill for $0.00 as well.  Three times we've eaten here, they've apologized for the 'mistake'
each time.笑
I like to go to a hard rock cafe in every city I visited, but this one made me disappointed. That was the smallest burger ever. It was delicious but It was small compare to what you are used to get in a hard rock cafe. Customer service was great.

My Hurricane cocktail was delivered in a small glass, I am used to get this drink in the regular hard rock glass. what happened?

Thumbs up for the oreo cheesecake, delicious and in a good portion.笑
Target customer: Anyone in a generic mood

I've been to the Hard Rock Cafe several times, usually because a friend suggests we grab a drink.

The location is right at Yonge-Dundas square, which is great for business. However, the incentive to do anything interesting is quite low.

There is nothing terrible about Hard Rock Cafe, but also nothing outside the norm. It seems to be fairly clean and has a corporate vibe to it.

They normally play classic rock in the background, which is decent enough.笑
The Hard Rock at lunch on a Friday afternoon is a great way to finish off the week. Good food and a disk jockey who can play the most obscure classic rock you want. Awesome place to have fun and unwind for a hectic week.笑
Honestly did not like this Hard Rock. Great location and that is about it. The one in Niagara Falls beats this by miles.

We sat down on a Saturday night after waiting in what seemed to be a non existent line for 20 minutes. After finally being seated, we realized that the restaurant wasn't packed at all! Just really limited amount of workers.

The air condition was blasted and after waiting again what seemed like forever, the food came and it was cold as well. (See photo of cold cheese on a cold burger with a cold side of fries...)

Not recommended! Although Yonge & Dundas is such a touristy spot, there are other good "chain restaurants" if you need to choose from one... Joeys and even the 3 Brewers next door are so much better.

Only redeeming quality is the Hard Rock store where you can see some old records and signed posters.笑
I ate here because we had tickets to a show nearby but there wasn't anything great that stood out about the place. There were some highlights when it came to the staff and some of the décor, but the food was just not that great.

Staff: Our waiter, I think his name was Glen, was great. He was friendly and chatted with us. He kept our waters filled and made sure we had everything we needed. It was a busy Friday night, but all-in-all couldn't ask for more.

Ambience: It is loud. Like... very loud. So I would not recommend for a larger party because you won't be able to hear them anyway. The décor is cool, there is some stuff that's been signed by musicians and artists. They also play music videos on the screens so sometimes it could be a nice conversation piece (e.g. ERMAGERD LADY GAGA!!). We had a booth in the back but there was this large party that was set up next to us which essentially created a bit of a barricade when we wanted to leave or step out to the washroom.

Food: I had the chicken fajitas, nothing too special about it. They did give me a plate of onions and about 2 or 3 slivers of peppers, so that was a bit awkward. The chicken was dry but there was plenty of meat. Unfortunately, I felt like I could've used another tortilla rather than stuffing each one full of chicken. I stole a couple of fries off my date and they were good. But the price of the meal seemed high to me for the quality of food.

Overall, the food was alright, and they needed to work on their portions. The staff there are friendly, but the food portion and quality, plus the volume levels, puts this place low on my list of places to eat in the city.笑
Bathrooms were small, drinks expensive as hell, not enough open space for moving around (you're always trying to squeeze through something), and the bartenders can't put more than one shot in your drinks.笑
Atmosphere was pretty good, servers were attentive, but the food was sub-par. I personally ordered the chicken marsala, and I really should have sent it back because it was overcooked and tough. Also lacking flavour. Best part of the dish was the pasta accompanying it. Not remotely worth the price.笑
If you are going for the ambiance, it is worth it to relive you rock youth days. The staff is also insanely friendly and helpful. 

The food... is forgettable. Tastes pretty much exactly like the food across the street at the 50s diner, greasy. 

If you want to see how small madonna's outfits are, head inside, else, just walk on by.笑
Wouldn't recommend.  After reading rave reviews about the nachos thought I'd give them a try.  Way over price, the meat was all gristle,  totally disgusting and inedible.  The staff seemed very discriminating.笑
I have had mostly average or poor experiences at this establishment so I have not been back for many many years but earlier this week, my company hosted a private function in the party space on the second floor and I was impressed with the quality of the food (albeit only hors d'oeuvres).  The sliders were outstanding and the crab cakes were good too.  The servers were very friendly.  I can't speak to whether that quality of food and service upstairs is reflective of the downstairs restaurant but I thought I would mention it in case anyone is looking for a private function space.笑
Service was ok, but I feel like it's my duty to all to warn people DO NOT ORDER NACHOS HERE. My friends and I decided to order some nachos to split and were sadly disappointed. There were not many chips to start with, but then to add insult to injury there was what I can only think was "cheese product" dripped over a few of the chips. Pretty sure it was liquid fake cheese. There were also random brown beans just sort of tossed haphazardly on the plate. Looked gross, tasted worse. Hard to mess up nachos but they most certainly did. I have also had a very dry veggie burger here. So all in all, ok for drinks but skip the food.笑
After an entire morning of running errands downtown, I deserved better than Eaton Centre food court styrofoam. I didn't plan to spend much, but I needed to take my time in a tranquil environment. 
Which doesn't explain why I ended up at the Hard Rock, but this is not the Court of Law..and I don't need to explain myself.

The Maitre' D was perhaps the most 'chilled' I've encountered, decked out in serious pins on his uniform sweater vest. I noticed all of the staff there had different amount of pins, seriously tacky. Maybe it was to distinguish who rocked harder?
I've never been to a Hard Rock cafe in my life, but this was a Toronto Landmark (it's been there forever). I was seated by the window with an agreeable view of Dundas Square, and Yonge Street. Maybe I just have bad luck, but I seem to have an affinity with Toronto's wobbly tables. I can't recall the last time where I was given a table that didn't wobble.

The walls were decked to the ceiling with musical memorabilia. There was a James Brown Tunic, a keyboard used by Depeche Mode, and a bunch of other framed items on display that I couldn't make out the name of. It's a rather large space, and there are plenty of C shaped booth seating for parties of eight, or more. There's a TV at just about every corner of the restaurant, screening the video that correspond to the music that is playing. The music was a somewhat over ambient, but somehow I was able to tune it out while I people watched.

I ordered the Santa Fe Spring Rolls, and the Chicken Scaloppini Parmesan. The springs rolls was good, it came in a fisherprice looking cocktail bowl, with something that resembled Greek salad. 
The parmesan was alright, a bit boring, but that's what I get from ordering off of the frugal lunch menu. 
I don't think I've ever had a more tentative waitress since coming to Canada. She must have asked me how I was doing a dozen times. Each time with a bigger smile than the last. I couldn't bring myself to feel annoyed. 
At the end of my meal, Louis Armstrong's 'It's a Wonderful World' came on, and I thought that was a pleasant ending to my lunch. 
I tipped 18%, as it indicated on my receipt, and left without saying goodbye to Mrs. Happyface.

I can't imagine myself coming here for dinner, because I can imagine how this place could get quite rowdy when packed. But a great venue for a nice lunch by yourself. If you can tune out the music that is.笑
This Hard Rock is not too bad but it is a bit confusing that this one is so close to the other one near the Skydome. Personally I liked the one at the Skydome better but there are plenty of memorabilia to look at and get those T-shirts that are almost iconic for some people. Still worth going to if you are into collecting these things.笑
Located right beside Yonge and Dundas square, the Hard Rock Café is a restaurant you cannot miss. My girlfriend and I felt like going to the hard rock and loved it. It fills up quick, so expect to wait about 15-20 minutes minimum without a reservation.

There are TVs everywhere for your entertainment and a bunch of rock memorabilia! There are constant music videos on screen and music playing in the restaurant (a little noiser than I'd like it to be) so expect to talk a little louder than usual.

I had a burger and it tasted amazing, way better than I expected and my girlfriend had a steak. I tried her steak and it was cooked perfectly. Service wasn't that great though, the server barely checked on us and didn't bother to refill my drink.

Overall 3/5笑
This is a Hard Rock Cafe and you will find, feel and eat whatever you expect from a Hard Rock Cafe. They have nice burgers, sandwiches, several appetizers, etc., various drinks and tasty lemonades (my basil lemonade was soooo good and refreshing, I would drink 20 of those one after the other :) ).

It is true that, if you focus only on the food, it is a bit overpriced. Thing is, I love rock music, I love burgers and sandwiches, aaaand this is a great combination of both.笑
I dropped by Saturday night for a date night with my boyfriend.

I come here quite often and the last time I came here was when I was a MEAT LOVER, so I have pretty much ordered everything off the menu and loved it. Now since I'm a vegetarian, I definitely have less to choose from.

So, we arrived and saw several booths empty. The hostess was quite rude and dry and when we asked for a booth (since there were quite a few to choose from) without hesitation, she insisted there definitely were no booths and I told her to double check because I saw several. She got slightly pissed off and another gentleman who was a host as well directed us to our booth and he was lovely.

Our server was awesome, and gave us some good tips on what to order. We had the bruschetta to start us off and honestly it was mouth-watering. Probably the best i've ever had.

My boyfriend had the pulled pork sandwich which ive tried a year or so ago and he loved it. My veggie leggie burger wasn't so great, I actualy barely ate it and am definitely NOT a fan, but the caesar salad was to die for! I really loved the dressing they used for it!

All in all, they should have better hostesses front of house, she really was rude and dampened our night a bit. And maybe work on the veggie burger, but we had a nice time :) And I guess I can't be too biased just because their veggie burger sucked lol. Typically, the food is awesome :)

1 star knocked off for the stupid hostess.笑
Not great, not bad.

The location is right in the heart of the city, and it blends nicely with the rest of the neighborhood.  I was disappointed to see a relatively small amount of memorabilia, and none of it too significant.  The only really cool item was a Keith Moon t shirt.

The food was it's reliably good self.  HRC makes a great burger and their salads are always fresh.  Service was prompt and got it done.  

No wait for a table, and no long wait for food or drink were both appreciated.

Just a bit overpriced, but I suppose it IS downtown Toronto.

Will likely not be back, got my pin, lots of other choices in Toronto.笑
I come here often. But nothing pisses me off more than a kitchen who tries to put out sub standard food like this one does a lot. I order the cob salad pretty standard for this place. I found they have one of the best. The last three times I've come here they keep giving me bad avocados In the salad. I'm sick of this. Listen you're a tourist location you rep our city and you don't do it well. 

Well the kitchen is the ultimate reflection of your location. This kitchen needs to wake up. Tourist season is over so now you have to rely on its locals for the winter months. So why do let your kitchen put out sub standard food. 

So if your looking for fake bullshit interior and a kitchen that lost its love for making good food than this is the place for you. The front staff is still good but the kitchen staff should go find a new kitchen. Sad but true on this review. :-( 
That's the Real Deal on this Hard Rock !!!!笑
Why do people come here?  The atmosphere?  Fine.  The music and the paraphernalia are kinda cool.  Aside from that? They have nothing going for them.  

We arrived just after one pm and the restaurant was half empty.  We were given a four person square table, but since we had a child, we asked for one of the rounded banquette booths.  There were two available but just weren't cleared yet.  This was asking a bit much.  We were told it would be a 15 to 20 minute wait.  Are you kidding me?  Just to clear and wipe down a table would take that long?  Alright, we're here, we will wait it out.  What we found surprising was that a couple of other groups came in (one group of at least eight people) were told they would have to sit at separate tables.  Are you serious?  People, the restaurant was honestly half empty!  They couldn't push two tables together to accommodate these paying guests?  Way to send business out the door (literally).

Our server was very good.  I gave an extra star for that.  Although she took awhile to acknowledge us in the first place, once we ordered, she was very courteous.  She checked up on us at least three times and was efficient.  

The food was pretty average.  The wings were kinda dry, not saucy either.  I liked the potato chips, but why not separate them so they remain crisp, not used as a bed for the wings so they get soggy?  Why cut the celery and carrots into slices when it would be much easier to leave them as sticks?  The best thing on the combo platter was probably the chicken tenders and the onion rings.  Those spring rolls were just plain sad.  Tiny and cheap on filling.  Potato skins were ok I guess.  The kid liked the pasta with side salad and milk.  The five year old was happy.  

How has this place lasted for so long?  The world renowned branding factor.  Basically, it's a tourist trap.笑
Have just learned that this Hard Rock is gonna close so I wanna leave my comments. I have come here ever since I was a little boy. One of my favourite Hard Rock Cafe's, one I always visited when in Toronto. The service has always been great, the food awesome and the music just like what you expect from a Hard Rock. Farewell old friend we've shared some great memories!笑
Unfortunately, where do I begin. Just the other day I was shopping at Eaton Centre  and was craving the twisted Mac and cheese from here. My friend and I walked over and we were greeted by a cute lady and seated outside on to the patio. Our server came by and he seemed a bit nervous and kept pacing back and forth like he was running a marathon. I already knew what I wanted so I started off with the bruschetta and the twisted Mac and cheese and my friend ended up ordering The Texan sandwich. While we waited for our food,  the server brought out some water and was wiggling around with it and I watched him come to my table spilling half the water on himself. Seriously boy if your hung over, call in sick... like damn. I looked at him and he right away noticed he forgot the lemon for my water and I felt like asking him for another water but clearly the mans going through some issues. About 10 minutes later, he came with a tray full of drinks for the table behind us and dropped off the lemon and then knocked over my knife. He then he went on to the floor to pick it up and everything on his tray started to topple over and spill but he some how prevented disaster haha. Not to mention he made a grunting pig sound... I was appalled. After he dropped off the drinks, he runs over trying to catch his breath and asks me what was my order again..like really bro!?  At this point my friends getting worried that I may snap at any given moment. All I was thinking, I'm ready to powerbomb this guy through the tables. Anyway, shortly after the bruschetta arrives from a different server, I was shocked how small the four pieces were. I've been here many times before and what kind of cut backs are they trying to pull here! Our server came by to ask how the bruschetta was and I had to tell him how I felt, he then told me that they changed their bruschetta recipe six months ago. I was there once before during that time and the bruschetta was excellent, don't know why they feeding me this pinch size of crap. Within 5 minutes our food arrived, I dig into my twisted Mac and it was cold and tasted tangy, nothing like how its suppose to and my friend took a bite out of his sandwich and looked like he was about to cry haha. My friend and I switched our entrées -that made no difference - and his sandwich was cold and the pork was dry, the only thing that tasted good was the side of baked beans that came with it. We didn't touch the food from that point on and I honestly was ready to go ape shit so decided to keep quiet. My friend took the initiative to speak to the server and explained how awful the food tasted. The server immediately apologized and went to inform the manager. The server came back twice in 10 minutes saying the manager was in a meeting. We waited another 10 minutes and the manager struts over and was so rude, it was unbelievable. My friend was doing the talking and he offered to cover the bruschetta and the manager didn't say anything but stare at us. There were a couple of awkward moments of silence, believe it or not. The manager in a disrespectful tone explained how the staff has been working here for the past 20 years and they know what their doing. Then she asked in a hurry, "anything I can remake for you", I replied "no, but I would like a coffee", she walked off without saying a thing. We waited for 15 minutes not knowing if she was coming back with the coffee or with the bill. What a waste of time! I assumed she wasn't coming back and informed the server we were leaving. As soon as we were crossing the street, the server ran after us and said "were you guys planning to clear up the bill?" the manager walked over and said how she can call the cops, I just lost it. At this point the west side came out of me... I was ready to put down my purse and things were about to get ugly. By that time, my innocent friend wanted to avoid something straight out of Compton, and ran inside and paid since he knew it was about to go down. This is the last time I'm dealing with this place and the people who work there. It's unfortunate because in the past I really enjoyed dining here. The manager probably kept the tip and bought herself a couple of hot dogs, knowing the food here is garbage. I have never came across a manager who behaved so poorly with their customers.笑
I came here for my Valentine's Day dinner. It's not a super romantic restaurant but we celebrated the day after Valentine's Day so it really didn't matter where we went.

My boyfriend wanted to try out this restaurant for the longest time and he smartly checked my Yelp reviews to see if I've previously been here. Unfortunately, I don't write a review for every restaurants I've gone to so he didn't know that I've been here twice before. The first time I went, the food was mediocre and I don't remember the service being stellar. The second time I went was just for desserts and I don't remember much from that experience except that I wasn't wowed by the restaurant.

This time, I had a great experience! We were seated near the entrance so it was cold and we asked to move tables. The waitress was more than willing to help us move tables. My boyfriend ordered The Big Cheese Burger (with three different types of cheese) that came with a side of fries and I got the Hickory-smokes pulled-pork sandwich which came with fries, coleslaw and beans. I'm pretty sure he enjoyed his burger because he finished it pretty quickly. I really enjoyed my pulled pork sandwich. The meat was tender and I liked the sauce that it was soaked in. I normally don't enjoy beans but I liked the beans that came with my meal. The portions are large too. I couldn't finish my fries, beans and coleslaw and my boyfriend was dying from his burger so he couldn't help me out.

Maybe they changed the restaurant up or something because I had a lovely experience recently at Hard Rock Cafe. It's across from the Eaton Centre so it's a good restaurant to go to after a day of shopping!笑
I came here with a friend for dinner. We both ordered the Guinness burgers as promoted by our waitress (who was very friendly). 

The burgers themselves did not impress me much. We could barely see any bacon despite it being a bacon cheeseburger, and the supposed charm in this burger is its Guinness cheese sauce. I honestly thought the cheese had a bitter aftertaste which I was not personally a fan of. The fries were good, and I liked the Sriracha mayo that came with it. 

Overall, it was a filling meal with good service. I think for what essentially looks and tastes like a basic burger, this place is way overpriced. Drinks are $10+ because you get to keep the glass afterwards (they give you a new one), but I still think that's ridiculous. If you didn't want the glass, are they still supposed to charge you $10+ for lemonade or a milkshake? There didn't seem to be an option presented to people who don't want to pay for the glass. Just order water.笑
@hardrocktoronto #HARDROCKCAFE #YELP #TORONTO #DUNDASSQUARE

Hard Rock has its novelty value, and that never fails to impress me - their decor is unique at every location and the Hard Rock ambience is fantastic. However, having been to Hard Rock in different countries, the cafe in Toronto falls a tad short. 

Customer Service: It's alright. Wait times can be long for dinner. And once we were denied seats because we were wet in the rain. 

Seating: Love those round booth seating for groups. The tables are a tad tight. 

Food: Pricey, okay quality. New York striploin is $29 on the menu - usually $20-$25 in other similar restaurants. I'd pay that kind of money for Filet Mignon.

Drinks: $10+ for most. 

Order Details: 
We got the Jumbo platter as a shared appetizer. For 8 of us, definitely wasn't enough, although it gives you a variety of shareables to try. Perfect for a group of 3-4 people. 

I ordered the New York Striploin medium rare. It came rare. I was in a good mood and slightly tipsy, reasons why I didn't send my steak back to the kitchen. 

We also ordered a pitcher of sangria shared between 5 of us. Tasty, but I wish it was fruitier. I love some berries in my sangria. Others ordered beer. 

Margarita rating: N/A (didn't try one here) 

An observation: They added a 18% gratuity on the bill. That's the group rate, I am guessing.

BTW: I wish they hadn't taken those delicious blue cheese sliders off of the menu.

Verdict? Probably coming back. Novelty value.笑
I had to wait too, get a signal lamp, which light show a free table. The steak was burned too much, with some beer you will not real notice. But for me a must, like in Chicago or elswhere.笑
I know this place is known for music, but does it really have to be so loud? I have to practically yell across the table to talk with my friends and yell my order at the servers. 

I can't even remember what I ate here the few times I went in the past year, obviously the food is not very memorable. 

Honestly, if you've been to one Hard Rock cafe, you've been to every Hard Rock worldwide. Take your business elsewhere.笑
This is only my second time at this location. The last time was close to 20 years ago so you know it's a whole different place. 

I wasn't overly impressed with it then, and I wasn't overly impressed this time either. 

The service was very good. Waiter was attentive and mostly prompt (withy the exception of bringing our bills).

One of my biggest pet peaves is when a bar screws up an order of wings. I ordered baked medium and the came out sloppy and undercooked. I left 3 on the plate. Not a good experience. 

The thing I was impressed with was the music and videos. We were there because we were heading to Massey Hall for a Dream Theater show. Low and behold - HRC was in the know because they prepared us for the night by playing several of their music videos. Nice touch. 

I'd go back for a drink, but prob not for dinner.笑
Condescending waiter who seated us today. Gave us the worst placing near a street corner when there was ample good seating available. When we asked for better seating, he said we would have to wait a long time. When we showed our dissatisfaction he glared at me and gave a dirty look. Didn't get his name, though he was tattooed on both arms. 
Our waitress Krystal was helpful and pleasant which made up for the gentlemans attitude. 
Have been to hard rocks in many continents but never experienced this before.笑
Food was good. We loved meeting Devlin the longest working Hard Rock Server in North America. She was very nice.