So let me start out. The ambiance of the facility is amazing.  Very classy.  But that doesn't compensate for the service I received.   I was the first person at the door and when we walk in we're notified that there is a 30 minute wait for preparation.  I honestly feel they should have came in 30 mins earlier instead of making a customer wait.
I was a little disappointed that 2 groups of women with sundresses came in 30 mins after me and received their food before me.  There has to be a Happy medium.   It's not right to let the "sex sells" slogan consume your site of all customers being treated fairly and equally. 
To be honest I wish had just went to IHOP but I tried to be a good person and support black business.  
This place will not be recommended to anybody I know
The food on a scale of a 1-10 was a 7 if the service was better I'd give a 8.  My meal was the salmon and grits.笑
Great food and excellent service! I had the shrimp and grits and was very impressed with my dessert as well. I plan to go back very soon.笑
Based off the food alone I'm giving this place five stars! My first time here but I'm sure it won't be my last, I thoroughly enjoyed myself. Came in for brunch and bottomless mimosas and I couldn't have been more pleased with the service and the food. I had a breakfast bowl and the home fries were amazing, but the whole dish was excellent. My sister and her friend both got the chicken wings and waffles and the chicken was amazingly well seasoned. I didn't really have high expectations as I've never been to this place before, but the quality of food and the taste was so good I just wasn't expecting it.笑
Update: April 2017  - I came here in the evening when they had a DJ.  Today I tried the truffle Parmesan chicken wings and the four chess mac and cheese.  I was not disappointed. 

A friend of mine decided we would have brunch here on Sunday.  I was happy when I saw salmon croquettes on the menu but decided on the chicken and waffles.  The waffle option for red velvet won me over.  Ok, I was disappointed in the waffles. I think the citrus cream cheese drizzled on it took away from true red velvet flavoring.  However, the chicken was good!  

My friend ordered the salmon and grits.  It can with teriyaki sauce - how odd.  Anyway, it was a nice meal and I left full.  Next time I will stick to the traditional waffles or actually try the salmon croquettes.笑
If I could give zero stars I would. My friend and I came 1/1/17 at 2:15pm (they opened at 2pm) when we arrived the hostess told us it would be a 30-40 minute wait for food because they were busy. We decided that we would stay bc the restaurant was small & the crowd wasn't very large; big mistake. After we were seated it took 10 minutes for our waitress to come over to the table for our drink orders. Then another 20 minutes for her to bring our drinks & take our order. After over an hour my friend was brought her meal; whiting & super cold grits. The waitress said they were putting my wings in now for my chicken & waffles; after over an hour. My friend asked for new grits and after ten minutes she still hadn't received new grits and my food had not come. It was now 4pm & I was over it. We had the waitress cancel our orders. During this extremely long wait for food (of which mine never came) our waitress not once checked on our table. The person next to us canceled his check after waiting so long for food. After paying for my mimosa (given to me in a red wine glass) the waitress did offer my friend and I an expired coupon for 10% off our next visit. I'll pass.笑
Good food and great music.  Went with a friend Saturday night and the Dj was great.  I had the chicken and original waffle and it was perfection.  My friend had whiting and grits.  Her's was great as well.  Wish they had more of a drink selection.  They were only okay.  Would recommend you check this gem out and there's free parking笑
Yoooo........
Salmon bites are legit, seasoned well, decebt portion. Mac & Cheese might actually be better than the one I reviewed a couple days ago. My gripe w/CLT not enough great Mac & Cheese...but this place does a damn good job.

Bar options...slim...but you really walk in here b/c you smell chicken...like a savory, looking for ya grandma chicken aroma from the street. 

Good for a low key, chill, out of the hustle bustle of Uptown. Everyone is friendly, attentive and plus they have multiple tvs around the bar.笑
On Saturday 8/27 after leaving the Southern Women's Show at the Charlotte Convention Center, my party of 4 agreed to have lunch in Uptown. My niece checked several media sites for both reviews and operating hours and affirmed that 2pm was when the restaurant opened. We arrived promptly at 2pm. There was no private event signage anywhere, and as we entered a hostess came up to the reservation desk, asked how many in our party and proceeded to seat us. First thing we noticed was a very heavy smell of GAS which permeated the entire restaurant. Windows and fans were on as if trying to clear out the horrible smell. Still we remained and while reviewing the menu, someone came out of the kitchen stating, "they were closed for a private event and we could not remain". In amazement we looked around and we four were the only people in the place. No obe else from the "private party" were there. No signs, decorations, balloons ir ither guests. As we gathered up our belongings and got up from a well worn sofa, no one said sorry for the inconvenience or even offered us any token of appreciation for stopping by in the first place. Parking is minimal at best , having counted exactly 7 car spaces directly in front, and other reserved parking at the building rear  which clearly established parking could lead to your car being booted. For a first impression, I was not impressed, leaving both hungry, annoyed and irritated. Perception is Reality in the hospitality business and this first and last visit made things clear. This is not a customer centric restaurant, and the employees lack the appropriate skill set to appease clientele. I will patronize establishments that clearly want my business!笑
Unfortunately, I had a bad experience. Tonight was my first time and will not be back. The only great thing was the salmon bites and after that it went down hill. I ordered grilled whiting fish with two sides. My order was wrong twice and they gave me fried. The third time it was white, pale, no seasoning and not grilled. The cook, who you can see I might add, proceeds to tell me he can't grill it...yet that is an option on the menu for that dish! On top of that, they allowed a barefooted man off the street, play his violin (badly, out of tune) and he continued to bother patrons going to their tables. Clearly this man had issues and needed to be asked to leave but they did nothing. When I spoke with the manager about my experience his body language and attitude was nonchalant and he could care less.  Luckily, the server didn't charge me for the fish. 7th district: lack of customer service, lack of professionalism and inconsistent food quality sums it up. Read between the lines of the other reviews below...I didn't and wasted my time.笑
My colleagues and I found this spot on yelp. We decided to go for happy hour and actually enjoyed it very much. The drinks were really strong. We only ordered appetizers and drinks. What we did order was good. It's a wonderfully decorated space that would be nice for a date or a girls night.笑
Great restaurant and atmosphere. The food is always fresh but I wish they were more consistent with their menu, there have been plenty of times where they didn't have entrees.笑
This was my husband and I first time at this restaurant. I had heard so much about this place. We went on a Saturday night and they had a live band.  I had the salmon and grits and my husband had the shrimp and grits. The food was great! I only gave it 4 stars because the band was so loud in such a small space that we couldn't really have a conversation. We will go back during the week and hopefully it won't be so loud.笑
This was my 2nd time here. The 1st time was on a Tuesday night, this time a Friday night.

Service was good from the bartender Keisha. But not from the rest of the staff. One of the bar hops came by and cleared off my drink before I was done with it. 

Our food took over an hour to come out. While we were waiting my friend asked to speak with the manager about how long we had been waiting. He had excuse after excuse as to why it was taking so long.

When the food finally came out, the burger that my friend ordered medium rare came out well done so she sent it back and she waited another hour and a half til it came back out.

In the end our food was comped and we only paid for our drinks.

I read other reviews which seem like a general consensus that this place could use some tweaking. I see the potential so I really hope they get it together.笑
This was my second visit to 7th District.  I went solo this go around for some me time and brunch.  I had their salmon and grits with french toast last time and I wanted the same meal.  I was seated immediately and I ordered an Amaretto and Orange Juice.  They were out of Amaretto.  That was disappointing, but I can understand that they may have sold out from the night before.  My food arrived.  The salmon was grits looked perfect, but the french toast did not look like it was cooked thoroughly.  Even the server mentioned to me that it didn't look right to her but the cook said to bring it out anyway.  I sent it back and when it was brought back out, it still looked uncooked.

Issue #1 - the french toast being undercooked.  French toast is something that is SO basic, so to screw it up TWICE is unacceptable.

Issue #2 - I'm fairly certain that the Owner or Manager could not have been present or have been made aware of this because there was no concession.  There was no apology or an offer of something else.

I wont say that I'll never go back because their salmon and grits is really good!  And so is their french toast (when it's actually cooked all the way).笑
I attended a Pop Up brunch at 7th district on Saturday, April 9th. The restaurant has been open for about 2 weeks and since time of opening have only served brunch on Sunday. When we first arrived, We had multiple wait staff attending to our table. They were very patient and wanted to make sure that we were ok. Our waitress ended up being Monique who is GM of 7th district. She served with a smile on her face. The place got pretty busy after a few hours and the owner, Josh Vereen, was also on the floor serving. 

I ordered Ny strip steak; it was over cooked so I sent it back. The second preparation was overcooked as well. If you like your steak red or pink in the middle, I would recommend ordering under your preferred cooking temperature. I ordered my steak medium but it was prepared to medium well temperature. If I were to order a steak again from 7th district , I would order medium rare. I tried the crab cakes which were seasoned well with little filler and a good amount of crab and the chicken and waffles; chicken was seasoned well but waffle was gummy. Overall look of the place was simple but elegant. A Lot of people attended the event but there was enough space for folks to move around and socialize. 

I will definitely be back to experience the live music on the weekends. I would also like to check out their happy hour (after 4pm) during the week that offers $5.00 plates and drink specials.笑
Best spot in Charlotte go to  Vist, staff was on point and owners are always there to help Friday night ladies night always beautiful women in there .Dj has the spot rocking笑
Food is very delicious!! Chicken with waffles or the shrimp and grits you will be very satisfied!! However, the service is not the best!! We were seated 15 minutes until a waitress came over. Other than that everything was good!!笑
Brunch Time with the Hubby. Decided to try the quaint restaurant 7th Street District of of Caldwell Street. Best thing is they have a couple of free parking spots behind the building. Beautiful mosaic tiled open kitchen with chandeliers scattered throughout the space. Brunch menu is pretty limited with a couple of seafood dishes such as shrimp and grits and other combinations with grits. We decided to get the main attraction "chicken and waffles". Chicken was well seasoned, waffles were good. Hubby got the red velvet which came with came with a cream cheese/citrus drizzle. I opted for the original which was good with honey and maple syrup. Overall good experience would return.笑
First time visiting on a Friday for my friends birthday. It was ladies night with a live Dj. I had grits and salmon, It was awesome. The 7th breeze drink was great.笑
I came out to a brunch event being hosted at 7th district not knowing what to expect being that I hadn't heard much about it. After walking into the establishment,I immediately thought that the place had a very nice vibrant atmosphere. Without even looking at the menu I immediately seen something that caught my eye and I knew I had to try it. The Chicken and Waffles. The chicken was very well seasoned and the waffles were exceptional. Definitely looking forward to going back and trying out other options on the menu. I strongly recommend for anyone who's into trying different restaurants with good food to put this one on the list of ones to try. You won't be disappointed!笑
The atmosphere and service of the restaurant was great.  It's a beautiful space and it's very classy.  I was a bit on the fence between a 3 -4 for reasons I'll explain.  The food was good. Definitely better than average.  I got chicken and waffles that both came out hot.  The chicken probably should have been let to sit in the basket for a minute because when you opened it up you got a fair amount of grease.  The waffles were good, but fell apart quickly.  I'm not sure of that's a batter quality issue or letting it stay a little longer in the iron. But again over all the food service, and atmosphere was good. They also have an awesome live band on Saturday - keyboard, saxophonist, violinist and songstress, that played a delightful mix of old and new school. We were pretty close so it made conversation difficult, but it was a nice treat since they started at the end of dinner.

The only negatives were that there is no dress code, so it had a pretty young lookinf, acting, and dressing crowd.  I'm in my mid 30s and was probably at the end of the age curve.  Secondly the prices are too low by about $2-$3 per plate. That would normally be a good thing but for the clientele I hope the want to have and to stay in business they may want to raise their prices.笑
Stopped by for drinks after brunch. Was told they were out of almost everything. Drinks are priced high and basic. The waitress had no clue as to what was going on. Nice atmosphere but I won't come back for anything other than the atmosphere.笑
I don't see any vegetarian options on the menu. I live in the neighborhood but probably won't visit for this reason.笑
This place is new to Charlotte, but I have a feeling it will be around for a while. It's conveniently located in Uptown, near the arena. There's a good amount of street parking and a pay lot nearby (I hear they'll begin validating parking soon). On to the food, a few girl friends and I had lunch on a Saturday and everything was delicious and well seasoned. The drinks were strong, but not deadly - they weren't skimping on the alcohol. The food was rich and presented very nicely. The owner made his way around to all of the tables to introduce himself and thank everyone for attending. The head chef is Chef Leon and he's great. It's worth stopping by for food and a wonderful atmosphere.笑
This was my second time at this Restaurent lounge. My first time was not a great experience because of their customer recovery we decided to try them again. It was almost a year now since the first time that we went. So, I know that they don't remember us. 

The second time, they had it right. The service was wonderful. I'm from the Lowcountry and I felt a lowcountry vibe. The food was great and they played great music. Great for date night. Just what we were looking for a place to lounge, eat well, and be around good people, thank you 7th district for getting it right and we will be back.笑
Yaaaaaay!!!!! A new spot with flavor? Bring it on! Visited here on a Friday night to have a drink and a quick bite with a friend. To sum it up, I loved the decor - a sultry black and red with a beautiful floor to ceiling tile wall. We were seated immediately and ordered drinks. Their signature drinks are a little pricey, ranging from $11-15. However, they had drink specials (Friday is ladies night) and there were $5 cocktails. Had Bacardi rum w/ Pineapple and grenadine $5.00 and they weren't stingy with the booze. One was enough for a small buzz to relax. 

My friend ordered something and was informed within minutes that it wasn't available for that night. New business problems. Get it together. He then ordered a salmon Caesar salad. Pretty good, but nothing special. The piece of salmon wasn't particularly large. They originally served it with Ranch dressing. Simple mistake that was fixed quickly.

I ordered the crab, spinach, and artichoke  dip and the salmon bites. The salmon bites were more of a salmon salad that was fried. Easy to bite into and well seasoned. The crab dip came with freshly cooked pita chips. The chips were Great, the right taste and texture, being chewy and not too crunchy. The dip however lacked in crab meat. I think it was $8, so you get what you pay for. I think there was a healthy amount of crab flavoring in there as opposed to actual meat. That being said, the dip was still tasty. And because there was a significant delay in my food being served, the manager comped my meal. I didn't have to ask or complain. She was just on top of her game and noticed that I Still wasn't eating after 30+ minutes. Excellent customer service points there.

This same night, I came back with my girls because they were hungry after a long night. It was probably 1:45 and the kitchen was already closed. However, the owner offered to fix us some wings. We didn't take him up on the offer, but the gesture was very nice. He invited us to come back and handled the situation well. Great experience. This restaurant will be around for a long time to come.

Having not heard of this place, I was impressed that they were already so busy. Excellent place to come and kick it on a Friday night.笑
HOW ON EARTH DO YOU MESS UP A WAFFLE?!?!? I never thought the day would come, where I would taste a waffle that I didn't like. And not only did I not like it, it was so displeasing it was inedible. I asked for it to be extra crispy, it was soft as a pillow. The chicken tasted like it had been cooked in burnt grease. This plate was a disaster. Actually not a single person at our table enjoyed their food. The Salmon Bites tasted like they took canned shredded Salmon(SHREDDED!!), balled it, breaded it, fried it with no seasoning. We all left hungry. We also all left still waiting on a drink we ordered as soon as we'd arrived that never made it to our table. The waitress brought us our checks without the drinks on it and said if the bartender still makes them before you leave, i'll bring them over to you for free. Did not believe for a second that the bartender was still working on our drinks. Especially when we saw people at the bar getting drinks pretty quickly. How do you prepare bar drinks before your diners? Doesn't make sense to me. Horrible experience, will never return for any reason.笑
The place is really nice and my date and I got seated quickly since it was before 130am and there was no rush hour. Unfortunately, we did not enjoy our time because apart from each other's company there was nothing. We ordered a long island and red stripe. We kept waiting but 30 minutes later another server stops by and seems concerned...she asks if we had been helped and we explained to her that we were still waiting. She took our food orders which was the tacos. After another 15 minutes we got the tacos and the drinks at the same time. The tacos were cold. I was over it and let the server know that we were not eating cold tacos. It was just awful service. I think they need experienced servers and their spot could thrive!笑
Had amazing drinks and service.  I also had fried crab legs covered in garlic Parmesan. Trust me. It was not a disappointment .笑
Good food a little too loud to have an intimate conversation but overall the food was good. I had the crab bites and salmon with grits which was delicious.笑
Overrated!!!!! Drinks are overpriced, entrees are pricey due to the plates are skimpy. Ordered salmon and cheese grits!! The salmon was ok however the grits lacked cheese(as stated on menu-cheesy grits). Service is also slow. I couldnt imagine the service on a busy night!!

Paid-$86 for two drinks, salmon and grits and shrimp pasta and 2 pounds of crab legs.. aka two claws per person!!笑
The ambience is really nice. The staff from the owner to cooks to bartenders are very friendly and down to earth. The lunch there is affordable and tasty, I had the shrimp wrap and my friend had the smoked salmon wrap. The portion sizes were good and the flavor was great. I recommend trying the signature drink & the jalapeño cheddar cornbread with honey butter!!! Good God!!! Lol! I will definitely be back to try different things.笑
The service was great and the food was outstanding!! I had the Cajun Shrimp Pasta. Definitely coming back.笑
I really enjoyed my experience. My friend and I decided we wanted to get something to eat. I ended up choosing the shrimp and waffle fries and she had the fish and grits. Everything was seasoned well. I will be going back because I was told the crab legs were half on Monday!!笑
I came up for my first CIAA and was told this after hours place would be the place to be when you arrive after midnight .. I came here and we wait in line 20 minutes myself and another guy with 4 girls which we had no issues not cutting line but that's not normal.  We still come in and PAY a cover charge for men and women . To then be told we walk to the bar that although they are open they are not selling alcohol .. first step as to why this experience was not ideal.  We then proceed to wait 2 hours for our food to even be communicated to us it was not coming no apology even after asking the status multiple times. Finally after telling the server I don't want my food AT ALL .. we finally have attention paid to us the manager comes over and tells us he will give out entry fee back and comp our meal which still comes out 20 minutes later :: because my friend who enjoyed their lackluster attempt to make up for it I gave this a one star review and I still refused to eat the complimentary food due to the seriously poor service that happened in my first and I guarantee only time I will be here笑
Beautiful atmosphere! Food was great; service was great and friends loved the ambience .. definetly will return and suggest for friends笑
The food... omg, I will visit over and over again! This is my 2nd visit and I've loved everything from the food to the atmosphere. mac and cheese , wings and meatloaf have been delicious so far.笑
I ordered a chicken Caesar salad to go. The place was not busy and it still took 20 minutes.   When I got the salad that cost $13 it looked like a side salad. That was the first and the last time I will go to that restaurant.笑
This is basically a modern southern cuisine place.
I came here for girls night out and the ambiance is perfect for that occasion.
I ordered the pomegranate wings and 7th street sunrise? drink and split some fries with a friends.. I do really appreciate the fact that they changed the base liquor from Bacardi O to Bacardi Silver at my request - no extra charge. God because the thing cost me $12 anyway.
The wings were pretty decent, I've have much better. The sauce was too sweet for my taste buds. I guess I had different expectations since I've made pomegranate wings at home and my sauce was great (not trying to toot my own horn, but..).The ranch dressing though is pretty great. It definitely tastes homemade. It would be nice if you get more than 2 tablespoons worth in a serving though. I'm not a HEAVY ranch user and definite went through two containers with half an order of fries and 4 of the 8 wings that came with my order.
The fries were pretty good. Better than average but not too spectacular.
If you come here, be prepared to either wait until people leave to park or pay to park - might want to carpool. They have approximately 20 spaces dedicated to their restaurant. One thing I DESPISE is paying to park and then having to pay for my meal/drink. You should get at least $5 off if you have to pay to park.
I will probably return here at least once to try something else on the menu, but it's not high on my come-back list. It's a little expensive to me for what you get.

**Side note** They tried to get us to come back and watch the football game there. They have about 3 40-inch or so TV's. I don't think this is the best game spot unless you come to be more social than pay attention to the game.笑
Worst experience ever. The food and facility are decent but the quality of the staff is horrible. This establishment is extremely unprofessional and lacks order. I had a situation where a female bartender was only serving her friends and ppl they knew even though I was there before those customers. I informed the owner and he barely did anything about the issue. I tried to support a black owned business but this place has a long way to go!! 

Cool hang out spot I guess, if u know an employee..笑
Waited in line for 30 minutes to find out that the restaurant was charging a $20 entry fee. Wtf? So you want me to pay $20 to sit down plus pay for my food and leave a good tip???? #unacceptable笑
Finally made it over after work with my son.  We tried the amazing crab fritters, the sensational lemon pepper wings and the fish tacos were just ok.  The music was awesome but the service was scarce.  Every time we needed something we had to find the waitress.....not a good look but the food is really good.笑
Thanks to 7th District for giving me and my friends a great lunch experience. The decor is beautiful and the food is good and well-priced. 6 of us came in a Saturday afternoon for lunch and we're well accommodated and taken care of. Really appreciate the staff for honoring my friend with a free birthday dessert. I've since returned for lunch and was equally pleased with speedy lunch service. I'll definitely return soon.笑
Food was hit & miss. I went with a big group of 20 or so. About half of what people ordered was good such as my grandmas salmon which was amazing and the other half was just ok or inedible like my cousin's grilled chicken breast which was dry and had NO seasoning. When the plate came out you could just tell it was going to be disgusting without even biting into it.  I ordered the spicy Cajun shrimp pasta. It was pretty bland and mostly just tasted of spice with no real Cajun flavors coming through. Service was decent until it came to getting the check which took almost 30 minutes or so. Probably wouldn't recommend to my friends nor would I come back. This place turns into a hookah bar after 8:30ish as well which ruined the atmosphere for me. They bring in a DJ who plays music way too loud but at least the music choices were decent.笑
Great atmosphere. Good music, food,and drinks. Staff was on point. The bathrooms were actually the worst I've ever seen in a restaurant. I felt like I had walked into a gas station bathroom, and this really turned me off it made me wonder how clean the kitchen was.笑
I came for Sunday brunch. We intentionally ordered two separate things so we could share. We chose the steak and eggs, salmon patties and Grits, and waffles (red velvet and vanilla). Everything came out looking great! The red velvet waffles are served with a citrus cream cheese icing. It's a great compliment to the dish. The atmosphere is nice and sexy. I will be back to try other menu items.笑
I had been hearing wonderful things about 7th District in Charlotte down here in SC so I had to try it out. My friend and I got there are 9pm and ordered our drinks and an appetizer. The Lava Lamp was delicious and fruity and the presentation was very nice. The Salmon Bites were delicious. My friend and I had been enjoying the smooth, laid-back atmosphere and hadn't realized, they had switched to the late night menu. We were still able to order the Shrimp and Grits though. Being from the the North everyone tries to make you try grits in and I loathed it every time. Grits had always tasted like flavorless baby food. One bite of these Shrimp and Grits though, and I was hooked!! The service was very punctual, professional, and knowledgeable. This restaurant is definitely comparable to the high-end restaurants in New York. I wish they would open one in Myrtle Beach but I have no problem travelling to Charlotte because I know 7th District will not disappoint!笑
I am a huge fan of this place. 7th district has always made me feel welcomed and I will continue to go.    

Only reason not five stars for me is I have not tried too much of the food and prices are high

All I know is Wed. night is its drink special night and I believe Mon. is its Crab leg night.笑
I ALWAYS have the WORST experience here. Let's begin by incorrect hours listed on the website. And on any given day they could be closed or out of menu items. Next, the service is ALWAYS poor. I brought friends from out of town for a good southern brunch. We waited over an hour or more for our food. Two meals came out (and they were cold) about 30-40 mins later the rest of the meals came to the table. We had no utensils to eat with and after ten additional minutes of waiting on silverware, we received plastic wrapped forks. 
Most of our orders were incorrect, ALL OF OUR FOOD WAS COLD...asked to see a manager. He/she never came. This is such a disgrace and embarrassment for any establishment to carry on in this manner. I only continue to come with the good hopes that things will get better and I to support a black owned business. This place is awful and I wish it really improves with quality of service.笑
Last night a friend & I decided to come here for our birthday dinner. The location is great and they do have a good amount of parking plus there's a lot of street parking near by. As I entered I was greeted & sat immediately by the hostess and shorty after the waitress came and brought me water & asked if I needed anything else while I waited. Once my friend arrived our waitress returned to get her drink order. We decided to get the Crab Balls as an appetizer and they were great, we even got a second order. For our entrees she ordered the Shrimp & Grits with a side order or Mac & Cheese and I ordered the Salmon & Grits with a side order of Brussels sprouts. Unfortunately we were both pretty disappointed but we only sent back the Mac & Cheese which we didn't like at all. We also didn't like the grits which to me had like a milky/creamy yet grainy texture to them and no flavor not even with the teriyaki sauce that was on mine could do it justice so I just ate the salmon which was pretty good. And she just ate the shrimp out of hers. The brussel sprouts were alright but I enjoyed them the most after the crab balls. When our waiter came to clear the plates she asked us if we liked it and we were honesty and she thanked us for the feedback. A few minutes later she surprised us with a piece of chocolate cake for our birthday which was pretty good. Overall the service was great and I would go back but I wouldn't recommend any of the entrees that came with grits in my opinion.笑
This was my second time coming to 7th district. Both times superb service, food, and atmosphere. Very grown and sexy. The prices are super affordable and the food is definitely some of the best ive had in Charlotte. Servers Lisa and Ricky are the bomb! Very attentive. Top it all off with a DJ playing R&B at 10pm on Sat and hookahs... winning situation!!!笑
Service was piss poor. Management was neither apologetic or helpful for the lack of service that was provided. We were seated and were never greeted by a waitress to take our order. The manager alluded that maybe if we had called ahead or knew someone there that maybe we would have been taken care of. I've since spoken to several other people who have had similar if not worse experiences with the customer service at this establishment. I will not be returning.笑
Ok the server was excellent. Overall the food was ok and the atmosphere was ok as well. We have the Cajun pasta we also have the crab legs and I both were OK with could've made better dishes at  home. I was expecting so much more from this being a seafood restaurant. We were the only two in the restaurant on a Monday evening in downtown Charlotte. This being a premier location in the heart of everything especially uptown we were not impressed.笑
Very nice establishment. Customer service was A1. Disappointed that there weren't any tables available due to reserved parties, but we sat at the bar which was ok. Only had appetizers, the wings, which were very good. My dining buddy had the crab cake bites and enjoyed them. Will be returning for dinner and hopefully we will be seated at a table.笑
Not worth it! Went for Monday $10 crab legs special the catch is each person has to purchase a drink or appetizer. Ok fine still gonna go for the crab. Thank goodness we got the appetizers! The crab legs were more like shredded crab. They were over cooked so u couldn't get any chunks of meat! They were cold and it was an overall waste of $40 will not return! Could've done a better job and had more had I made them myself!笑
I really want to give this place a higher rating but it was such a struggle to get out food or service in a timely manner. We went for a brunch, a friend was hosting, and it was a nice atmosphere and music was great! Our server just struggled greatly to be attentive. It took us nearly 20 minutes to get our drinks and another 40+ to get our food. The food was great when it finally arrived. I think they need to invest in more kitchen supplies to accommodate a large brunch crowd. I had the red velvet waffle and chicken and the chicken was amazing! Super flavorful! The waffle was alright, fluffy. They have got drinks although they seem a little pricey to me. $12-15 on one cocktails and $5 mimosas. Overall it was a nice experience and I love supporting Black-owned businesses, but they have some areas of improvement. I will go again thought and give them a second try.笑
Very good food! The only reason why I am giving a 3 star rating is because of the service. It took almost an hr just to receive chicken wings. Atmosphere is pretty cool and they also play good music. I'll try this place again and hopefully they will improve their customer service so I can give a better rating!笑
Mediocre service, mediocre food. Maybe it's better as an after hours spot but definitely not our idea of "date Night Dinner" spot.笑
I recently stumbled upon this restaurant on a random weeknight. The place wasn't busy at all. They played good R&B music that was low enough to still maintain a conversation with your dinner guest without raising your voice. I ordered the shrimp and grits, which was pretty good. The next time I go, I'll ask them to remove the large green and red peppers from my dish. The wait for the food was not long at all and the servers were very attentive. Oh! They also have free parking in front as well as behind the restaurant.