Unbelievably good! Vegetables are incredibly fresh and an eclectic selection of sauces ensures a fresh taste every time, with something for every heat tolerance.  With this many possible combinations, you're only limited by your own taste and imagination. It's a very clean establishment with friendly and helpful staff and the portions are more than generous for the price. My colleagues and I stop in multiple times per week!Ǿ
First time there today and I was impressed at first I was iffy on it we (my husband, son and I) were confused upon entering because the paper you fill out but we were quickly there after greeted and asked if we had been then explained to how it worked great atmosphere food was amazing!!!!  We will definitely be back I recommend going thereǾ
Really way too pricey for what you get...went on a very cold  (20 degree) day, and the dining room was freezing. They also have to address that. Also only a few drink choices out of a small cooler....it could be so  much better...Ǿ
Very good
I had takeout and they explain. 
The Stir fry process to you 
Like a Asian stir fry Chipotle
You choose bowl of vegetable, choose meat, I chose chicken.
Choose between rices, noodles and cabbage,and can be mixed 
Then add spice for stir fry
I had large and was very good
 I chose sesame garlic with chicken 
Lighter than most Chinese restaurantsǾ
First time here and it was better than I expected!
Choose your base, meat, and sauce. Then pile the veggies you want yourself to have stir fried with your first options. You can ask for a sample of the sauces if you're not sure which one you'd like. 
It is a bit pricey, but I think it's worth it for what you get. Even with the regular size bowl, you can pack the veggies as high as you can, so the portion can get pretty big. Will be going back for sure!Ǿ
I've been driving past this newer Mentor restaurant every day since it opened on my way to and from work. Today I decided to finally give it a try.  I love the whole concept of a stir fry restaurant.  I walked in and it was pretty empty.  There was a couple a head of me filling their bowls with veggies both telling me they love the restaurant and they come all the time so I was pretty excited to try it.  I ordered the chicken lo mein with spicy peanut sauce.  I paid extra for an additional small container of the peanut sauce.  I picked a bunch of veggies and handed my bowl with the slip of paper you fill out picking your protein, etc.  I got my order to go.  When I got home and opened the container and it really didn't look good at all.  The noodles were all stuck together, actually like mush and very pasty.  The taste was not good.  I had a few bites and decided to throw it away.  I was so disappointed that I just wasted almost $12.00 on a dinner tonight and the hopes of leftovers for lunch tomorrow.   I hate writing reviews that are not good but I am so unhappy I didnt to write this one.  I had high hopes and it was a complete fail.Ǿ
Slightly pricey, but one of the better Asian food places in the mentor area. You can pick as many veggies you can put into your bowl. The interior is nice, could use more seating but if it works it works. Chicken is 7/10.Ǿ
Good food for a decent price. When you need something fast and healthy,  this is a great option. Try the peanut sauce mixed with the house teriyaki.Ǿ
Very mediocre stir fry. The chicken was of very poor quality. The atmosphere was very loud, and incredibly foggy. There was a large selection of vegetables, which is notable. Ordering was confusing and the food was not worth the price.Ǿ
This is a nice alternative for Mentor's wide array of chain restaurants. Clean atmosphere, healthy options with fresh vegetables. Nice to have vegetarian meals too. Great for lunch or dinner- especially on the go!Ǿ
This is by far one of my favorite places to get lunch. Shrimp, scallops, and veggies are a delicious, low carb option.Ǿ
This is in Mentor not Gates Mills like the label says. We saw the write up in the News Herald and wanted to try it as perhaps a healthy alternative to most take out. You cannot order by phone as you build your own bowl of veggies when you arrive. Everything appeared fresh and there was a nice variety. Then you choose a protein and a sauce. I had scallops and the spicy szechuan sauce with lo mein noodles and my wife got the chicken with rice in the kung pao sauce. The manager was polite but seemed a bit frustrated with the kitchen as we overheard him say he had to give away two orders for being incorrect. We also waited while a guy who came in literally ten minutes after us was served before us. Mngr. apologized and I understand that with new places it often takes a little while to work the kinks out. It's not like the prep is that complicated, fry it in a wok. But I can say the sauces were tasty. We were a bit surprised at the price and agreed that we could make it at home with far less oil. Still good though.Ǿ
As advertised. No complaints aside from the tiny plastic water cup that can only be filled from behind the counter... So as I got a very spicy dish it was inconvenient to have to wait for people to finish paying to get more water ...Ǿ
One of the coolest places in Mentor. The schezwan sauced Stir Fry was so yammyǾ
I was truly impressed with this place. Went with my bro and we both got the large bowls, because we wanted to have lunch for the following day, and we were not disappointed. I opted for steak, and he got chicken. You go down the line and choose your vegetables. They have sheets of paper at the beginning where you choose your protein, base, and sauce. Easy peasy. The only slight frustration were the bowls that you load your veggies into. The size and shape make it hard to pick them in without making a mess. They cook it super fast, and have a variety of spices you can add after it's done. Super yum!Ǿ
Been here a few times they have amazing options of meat and veggies for your choosing and alot of good sauces is kind of like bds Mongolian bbq but convinetly placed in the middle of mentor. And seems to be a bit cheaper too.Ǿ
The noodles were so over cooked I could have packaged them with food coloring and sold them as Twizzlers. The place is small and offers a hipster like decor with no free WiFi. My partner and I figured it was part of their plot to not accumulate much deserved reviews considering if people knew the truth about this place I doubt they would be so popular. The place is aptly named San Francisco Stir Fry since it offers fresh vegetables and extremely over cooked noodles for a bill of $40 for a two person meal. I personally will never go back until said prices and cooking methods have improved to suit both a reasonable budget and sense of taste.Ǿ
Super tasty and clean. Loved the vegetarian options, and how knowledgable they were about avoiding meat cross contamination. 

The guys working were really nice. This is a very casual restaurant. Great for takeout or grabbing a quick bite. 

Awesome. Something different in the Mentor area.Ǿ
This is a nice option for a quick meal - lots of fresh veggies and sauces to choose from - large portions. I had the peanut sauce with rice noodles  and chicken - pretty good. Some of the veggies/toppings - water chestnuts, carrots, bok choy, onions, pea pods, etc. You have a choice of 1 or 2 bowls to fill up, I think 1 is enough if you're getting a protein mixed in. 

This place reminds me of the stir fry station at my old work's cafeteria which I loved. I recommend for a quick lunch or dinner. Good value too - large portion for good price.Ǿ
I have been here about 4 times already. Fun place and great food! This is a custom stir fry restaurant. You pick the size of your stir fry, what meat you want, and what sauce. Then you load up on whatever veggies you can. They stir fry it up for you in minutes. Easy to do and tastes great.Ǿ
Always have a great meal and great service. As a vegan, there aren't a lot of places I can get a tasty veggie meal made to order. And I love to patronize small businesses. I will definitely be back with friends.Ǿ
My new favorite restaurant. I come in at least once a week, and the food is always amazing. Great for vegetarians! Tons of options, I've never gotten bored. I'm usually so frustrated eating out because finding a healthy option (that actually sounds appetizing) is difficult. Not here. Plus, prices are extremely reasonable & the atmosphere is friendly.Ǿ
Nice option to have in Mentor.  Decent choice of veggies on the bar.  The kids portion was perfect for my 8 year old.  My 10 year old went with the regular portion size.  I had the house siracha soy bbq sauce.  The dining room was really cold when we ate in, so definitely not the most comfortable.Ǿ
Tried this place for the first time today, it is very similar to Mongolian bbq, 1 regular sized bowl was enough to completely fill me up so only get the large if you plan on having something to eat the next day. The secret to getting as many veggies in a bowl is to start with the leafy items on the bottom and stack the denser items on top. The kung pao sause was just ok, but I haven't tried any others.

the only major criticism would be the need for a fountain machine or maybe a coke freestyle machine would be fantastic. I'll definitely be back.