Absolutely the BEST "good for you" food ever!  Sweet potatoes like I've never tasted!  Incredible  gluten free, GMO free, grass fed, organic food and if course vegetarian / vegan options!  And...the service - perfect! My new favorite restaurant!Ǿ
I was prepared to give this place 5 stars based on the amazing healthy paleo friendly flavorful breakfast we just had ~ until I used the restroom on the way out. Wow. I expect that low level of quality from a dive bar, not a nice healthy place like this. Gross. I might sound harsh but if that's that standard for their bathroom I am concerned for the cleanliness of the kitchen.  I hope the owner/management team steps it up.  This place has a lot of potential!Ǿ
I have an autoimmune condition and so many food sensitivities. I love that this place has SO MANY delicious options that I can eat! They even have an entire Autoimmune Paleo menu if you have extra sensitivities like me! I had a delicious salad and split the chocolate cake for dessert (grain free and topped with a coconut ice cream). I can't wait to go back and try those bacon wrapped dates I keep hearing about!Ǿ
I actually ate here shortly after it opened. The food is very good but a bit pricey. It's pricey because you get quality grass fed beef, organic veggies, etc. you get the gist. It promotes itself as paleo which is great - nice to finally see that take traction in the restaurant business.  I hope they do well - I would absolutely eat there again and probably will soon. Check out their brunch menu!

I had dinner here last night using the Groupon that is still available. No complaints. Delicious, delicious, delicious!  I felt like only did I not get plenty of food, it was healthy -- what they do with Brussels sprouts will convince even the hardcore vegetable hater. My boyfriend, not a huge vegetable fan, couldn't believe he was eating cauliflower -- he thought it was mashed potatoes.  Highly recommend!Ǿ
The good, the bad and the ugly! No just kidding, mostly good and some suggestions.... nothing terrible! 

First off, food was good! Great taste, healthy and fresh! Well presented plates and a clean and inviting atmosphere.  

What could be better! The waiter was very nice but it was apparent he wasn't very attentive. Water cups were not refilled, pace was slow, slow to greet, etc. The back rang the bell that food was ready multiple times before there was any urgency for him to go back and get it. That being said, that's a very easy coaching fix. 

The one thing that might hold me back in the future is definitely the price. It's all a little steep and I get it! I realize what you're getting compared to other restaurants. However it was $50+ for me and two kids! The kids meals are double the price of any other organic restaurant (I.e. pomegranate, etc.). Maybe it would be a good place to go solo and leave the kids.  :-)

Lastly, there needs to be more info about the times they are open. I watched a couple walk in at 1:40, which was apparently 10 minutes past the time of the kitchen closing and they were turned away! They said they would come back but in all honesty if that were me, I wouldn't come back. That needs to be clearly stated so people don't drive all the way over there just to be turned away. It was really a bummer to watch that transpire as I sat there eating my food! 

So, those are my suggestions for things to make the experience better. Honestly the food was very good and I will definitely come back (although probably solo) in the future. Love the coconut wraps!Ǿ
Was not impressed with this place
It was empty last night
Only one server hosting bar person running the place
She was very friendly and attentive
We were given menus and when we started asking questions she said oh maybe you need the vegetarian menus or another kind of menus
I have a sensitive stomach 
Appears there are many menus not offered unless you ask
Portions were small and spicy for my liking which was not noted in menu. This was chicken and waffles and sweet potatoes. Would not expect spice. Chicken was fried and heavy.
Ordered dessert and when it came out it was missing coconut ice cream and when questioned she said they don't have it today. Then why would you serve it?? Very dry and not at all good. She discounted it only 20% cause they didn't have ice cream 
Will not be going backǾ
The food was good. I don't know if it was worth paying $33 dollars for a meal and a brownie-which was $9
I appreciate the fact that it is good food with healthy options but this might be the reason people look at eating healthy as intimidating because the prices are so dang high. I can't imagine bringing a family of 4 here and paying an arm and a leg. I want to return but the prices are way too high that I will not be returning in the future.Ǿ
We went for brunch and it was AMAZING!  The Salmon signature dish was out of this world... Fantastic red pepper coulis was great. Loved the Salmon Benedict as well.  We had the best brussels sprouts and sweet potatoes EVER. Perfectly cooked and seasoned. The beet bisque was also delicious. You must go!! Great place for those with celiac disease, gluten intolerance, and/or dairy allegiant! But also a great place for ANYONE.Ǿ
Would love to write a review but... arrived at 8:06 on a Saturday night. Was turned away unless I wanted take out. This was my first attempt to eat at the new place. And my last. How do you start a new restaurant. This way?!  Once again, 8:06 on a Saturday night, and they don't want us to come in and eat. Good luck.Ǿ
Ate here today and was very impressed. They were wonderful with my celiac and I am dairy free right now as well. I could eat everything on the menu! It was a bit pricey but when your eating so well, and have allergies it comes with territory. Our waiter was wonderful-very helpful and very friendly. I will be going back!Ǿ
I have mixed feelings of love/hate when thinking about how to describe this business ... I feel that this business has a lot of potential, but if some suggestions/changes are not implemented this business may not make it through the summer months ... 

I called in an order today and the fellow that took my call was nice and my order was promptly ready for me upon arrival .... No mistakes on the order. 

The food looked good appearance wise, and it was both quite delicious and tasty!  Of course I love supporting local businesses, since I too own a local small business; especially a business that has a solid product.  

The ingredients were fresh, and the food was healthy/quality, BUT the portion size for the excessive cost is absolutely unreasonable/horrible.  Let me explain:  I ordered the beef chorizo coconut wrap, and it came with a small cup of chilled beet soup and with tax/tip (yes, I even tip on takeout) it came to a little over $20, which is outrageous for the small portion size that can be seen in my pictures.

It is VERY important to offer a quality product @ a fair price, and to be honest I almost felt slightly swindled when I saw how small the wrap was, and I mean the soup container was only half full ... So a tiny wrap, a few greens, and a small cup of soup for $20?? Seriously?!?!?!? :(

I could understand the price point if lets say this place was located in Vegas inside of a high end casino like the Wynn or Cosmo, but when you are located on the border of Chandler/Tempe/Phoenix .... Your prices need to be waaaay more reasonable if you want to remain in business and develop a loyal following of regulars ... Because if I spend $20 i need more food, and I want to feel full when I'm through eating a meal that costs this much.  

I love the food, but I dislike whoever determined this businesses price points because they are way out of line ... My meal realistically should have been priced around $9.99 for a wrap with greens, and there should be a larger portion of soup included @ that price point, especially if it's your signature soup and you make it in large quantities (no need to skimp on things like this).  No one on their right mind is going to come here consistently and spend $20 on wraps - it's ludicrous!!

My suggestion to the owner: if you want to earn my business as a regular (along with the rest of the local community) drop the price point to 9.99 for meals like I ordered, and I can guarantee you that you will get the support you need to flourish.  The restaurant biz in AZ is rough; it's a challenging market place and many do not survive with so much competition, so do the smart/right thing and you will be rewarded ten fold.  I am the kind of local regular that would come to your establishment multiple times a week if the price point is right ...

If you don't drop the prices to make your food more affordable, then you will never make it.  And, I would really hate to see such a cute place with awesome quality healthy food and such potential go out of business for not listening to your customer/client base, because I noticed that a substantial amount of yelpers came to the same conclusion:  great food, but too expensive to eat at regularly...Ǿ
It's great to be able to eat out without the worry of getting sick.
Complete Paleo, AIP, and Vegan choices.
The food was spectacular!Ǿ
Well this was our first and last visit.  We had a burger, chorizi wrap o.k,,  kids waffles 11.00 each tasted gross, mimosa, 2 lemonade's good but not worth 4.00 per glass,  eggs with  bacon, smoothie.  Total bill over 95.00 without a tip.... Burger was delicious, everything else meh.... eggs and bacon were forgotten and came out when we all finished our food. Certainly not worth this kind of money. Also our waiter added in my friends bill accidentally to our bill and cost us even more money.. Found out from my chase card alerts, not from the waiter until I addressed this with him. He was very apologetic and really tried to rectify this, he was nice throughout our order and delivery of food and even talked to my grandson having a meltdown, nothing against him personally.  I understand mistakes are made but I prefer to find out from the waiter before my bank alerts me. So now I got charged another 41.00 and now have to wait for my 56.00 refund.. Manager offered a free entree for this mistake ,but honestly, won't come.back as didn't like his excuses trying the defend the waiter, instead of sincerely showing he was caring and upset for what happened. Good luck Blooming Beets ...I will stick with Whole Foods Bison burgers.Ǿ
Very, very good. I never really cared for brussel sprouts but after having them here, I have a whole new appreciation for them.  The brussels were a little chard with a sweet brown sauce glaze. It was delish. I also had the chicken wrap, another winner.  All gluten free, dairy free, organic food...and it tastes very good. It really doesn't get better than this.Ǿ
Food was delicious! Nice vibe but it was cold inside was in a hurry to finish my breakfast just so I could get back in my car to warm up, but the brunch was delicious! 
Server was polite and friendlyǾ
Great friendly service!  I had the burger and my husband had the salmon on the AIP menu - so flavorful 
Most amazing Brussels sprouts ever!!
What a great find!Ǿ
I love Blooming Beets!! I've been a regular in Boulder and now that I've moved, I was so happy to visit the new Chandler location. The atmosphere is fantastic: airy and unpretentious, the people here (both customers and staff) care about health and nutrition, while the food manages to be a true gourmet delight: the citrus beet bisque is light and refreshing, the salmon and its sides are a favorite of mine, and the lava cake is a must. I'm not paleo and am lucky not to need to restrict my diet for any health reasons, I actually just go because I love the food: it's such a bonus that it always makes me feel better. The quality of ingredients is a treasure to find in America. Bravo!! Bon appetit!!Ǿ
Really had a great experience here. I don't have dietary limits and was just curious and this place didn't disappoint. My college age daughter loved it too. I had the wild burger. It was nicely prepared and had great flavor. The Brussel sprouts app was wonderful. Crispy outer leaves and tender in the middle. Bacon wrapped dates tasty. My daughter had the salmon and she raved about it. I've had some gluten free beers that are no bueno but the Stone gluten free IPA was actually quite good. Owner Eva was in town and she was very engaging and a treat to talk to as were the rest of her staff. All in all a great experience and happy to support a new local small business endeavor!!!Ǿ
Food is WAY overpriced. There were some pretty tasty things and there were some unique flavors, but some of it was nothing special and portions are very small. Brussels sprouts were flavored wonderfully, but were very oily. Salad that said it had arugula in it had other greens, no arugula. 

Service was okay, but for the place being almost empty they could have been more attentive. Also, maybe I'm just old, but when I say "thank you,"  it bothers me when a server repeatedly responds "yeah." Maybe "you're welcome" is out of vogue, but if you ask me, good manners never go out of style. 

It's nicely decorated but the music was too loud, perhaps to drown out the HORRIBLE sound of the fan (?) on the patio?Ǿ
Had high hopes but did not live up to expectations. I am hoping it's due to the restaurant being new. The food is only ok and the price point is very high. Additionally service was slow and our group waited a long time for our food. The owner and staff were all very nice but definitely need to improve on food and other aspects.Ǿ
Awesome place! my wife eats AIP for her Rheumatoid arthritis and finding a place that even knows what this means is a challenge, let alone somewhere that can make it taste decent. We went here for a brunch yesterday and the food was delicious!!! She had the salmon and I had the prosciutto eggs benedict (grain free). ultimately if you have someone with food restrictions, this is an easy place to go where they 'get' it, and make great food at the same time. and if you're just looking for a nice place to eat, you'll get that too!!Ǿ
Blooming Beets Kitchen specializes in gluten-free food. I have a friend who has Celiac Disease so she can not eat gluten. When we go out for dinner we joke that she is getting the salad because that's typically the only thing on most menus she can actually eat. So expectations were set high for the salads.  

Unfortunately, the limited options for salads were pretty disappointing. The ones we received did not have many toppings, lacked dressing, and were kind of bland. I could have easily made a much salad better at home for a fraction of the cost. Speaking of prices, the food portions are shockingly small for amount you pay. My salad was $12.50 plus $5 because I added chicken for a total of $17.50, but I guess you need to charge higher prices when you don't have very many customers! Did I mention we were the only ones in the restaurant? 

The Brussels Sprouts appetizer was the one good items of the night - they were delicious! The menu should focus more on standout dishes such as that one. Sadly, I doubt this spot will be around long unless they make some changes. The concept is good and with some work, Blooming Beets Kitchen could really blossom, but as of right now they have not bloomed.Ǿ
For people trying to stick to a paleo diet, or those on Whole30 - this place is an excellent find. High quality dishes in a nice, sit down environment are tough to find if you're in this world. They just opened recently, and we did have some hiccups in our speed of service, but overall Blooming Beat was great and we'd definitely come back if we were in town.Ǿ
The food was good. My tea though cost me $6.50. My wrap was another 15.50. By the time I got out of there with 20% tip that was a $30 lunch. I came here because I like to eat healthy. I didn't expect to leave hungry though and $30 less. My wrap was good, just not nearly the right portion. The lemon lime beet sorbet was interesting, just not my thing. My friend liked the taste of it, but not the texture. If this place adjusted it's portions and prices I'd go back.Ǿ
I thought the menu items are a little overpriced in general but especially for what you got. My friend ordered the beet soup which was to be a cup for $8.00. It came in a Ramekin dish. Definitely not $8.00 worth. She mentioned something to the waitress who said she would let someone know. Another person came to our table and said that was a mistake and she was served the side soup. I think the waitress should have known this. I ordered the lamb dinner $34.00 for 4 little lamb chops which were overcooked. Lamb chops should be pink. If you are chef you should not be getting this wrong. One was cooked ok, still over done. It was served with puree cauliflower which was tasty, never had something like that before. Two of the guests got salads, and they were on the small side. they said they tasted fine but a $16 salad it was not. I unfortunately would not go back again. I also am a wine snob and like a decent glass of wine especially when having a $30 entree. The wine selection was low end and over priced as well.Ǿ
Wonderful lunch.  Food was great very filling and heathy.  Had the breakfast wrap which was great.  Waffle are wonderful too.Ǿ
I was super excited about this place being in my neighborhood, but ended up being so disappointed. The food is expensive because of their food cost, but I was willing to pay because I assumed the quality/taste would make it worth it. I was wrong. The bacon wrapped dates (at $3.25 per date!) were good, but not worth it. My salad had chicken that was clearly precooked and reheated in a pan, making it so dry it tasted like jerky. The saddest, and most ironic part, was that the beets in the salad were gross! Rather than being roasted, they were pickled and tasted like they were from a jar. Not in line with their fresh theme! Finally, the meal ended with a giant beetle crawling across the floor. They were also horribly understaffed (one person as the waiter, busboy, host and food server), and I felt bad for the guy - none of it was his fault. Needless to say, we won't be returning.Ǿ
We live and work in the area and saw this new sign go up so decided to see if they were opened last Friday. As we approached the front door there was a torn paper sign indicating the hours, of course that did not leave a very good impression. Upon entering a young man approached and he pointed us to a booth. He did not ask if we had been there before or explain the menu to us. He brought us water but seemed to take awhile to get back to us for our drink order and then our food order. At this point we were not impressed even though the ambiance of the place is very nice and we were pleased to see that the menu was dairy free and gluten free. However, when our food came we were quite surprised at how delicious it was! Both our meals were tasty and delightful. It was redeeming! Suddenly we were very impressed and thought... if they could just improve their service, pay attention to the small details this place could be quite successful.Ǿ
Great new find! Yummy healthy food- a great spot for any vegans, gluten free, etc... folks. Cute atmosphereǾ
Went here for brunch for mothers day, while the food (the plates that we actually ate) was tasty the wait staff was horrible.they didn't get our orders correct. Never came to the table to see if anyone needed refills on drinks. Came back a second time to the table to retake order for our third course, which was originally ordered the first time we order. Course three was dessert.  Icecream! Waited almost a half hour before i myself got up and went into the kitchen to find a employee to ask for out check and to forget about the dessert. The check came ten minutes later. Once again waited 15 min until my mother inlaw got up to find the waiter to give him the check. Took him another 20 minutes to bring it back to tbe table. We were in this place for two and a half hours! Not to mention the place was empty when we got there. Wont be coming backǾ
I love that there's a healthy paleo restaurant in our area. No added sugar to dishes, no grain in the food, just healthy, clean food. 
We had the brussels sprout appetizer, which was very tasty. I loved the chilled Beet Bisque. For the main course I  had a delicious chicken wrap. My friend had a bun less burger, I don't recall what type of meat it was, but I didn't care for that. The homemade almond milk for the coffee cream was really good, but no coffee refills were offered,- that would have added another half star at least!! I'll give it another go.Ǿ
Fantastic. You want the iced tea and they have real masala chai. 

We were skeptical and completely won over. Amazing quality and great flavor. Great place for date night. Specials on Sundays. :)Ǿ
New in town and excited to find a gluten free restaurant that eliminates all the guess work from a simple meal. I had the wild salmon entree and the molten lava cake. The food was delicious, the restaurant offers a quiet and intimate ambiance.  Wondering why the 4/5 stars if everything was good? Well although the waitress was super friendly the food took a little longer than normal and the prices were a little on the high end. I will come back but not as often as I would like given the prices.Ǿ
After reading some of the 3 star reviews, I wanted to be sure to share my positive experience at Blooming Beets. First off, I have to eat "paleo" because of health reasons, but my boyfriends does not. We decided to go for brunch this past weekend on a Saturday around 12:30pm. We didn't have a wait and were immediately seated. Upon looking at the menu, I was so excited to see that I could eat EVERYTHING. For those of you that are gluten-free, dairy-free and/or paleo, you know that this is unheard of at most places. I am the person that always has to make "changes" to menu items out of desperation to find something to eat. But not at Blooming Beets.

I ordered the "Powerlifter" which came with a cashew waffle, eggs and chorizo, bacon and sweet potato hash and it was delicious! I absolutely loved it. My boyfriend ordered the breakfast wrap and he really enjoyed it (and he eats a standard american diet). We also ordered a pot of tea to share.

The ambiance was great, the food was delicious and just think: all of the ingredients are wholesome, high-quality and top notch. You aren't going to be able to go to many places and order brunch with grass-fed meat, pastured, organic eggs and flourless, gluten-free REAL FOOD waffles. I mean, that does't really exist unless you cook at home.

Let's appreciate Blooming Beets for paving the way towards more real food restaurants. I'm so happy that they decided to open up business in Arizona because we need more of these types of restaurants in the area. Bravo, BB! I cannot wait to go back.Ǿ
We tried Blooming Beets for the first time last night and it was pretty good but sadly my husband tried to order the Beef Tenderloin & Shrimp and was told they had run out of it. A few minutes later a large party sitting next to us was ordering and 3 people ordered the Beef Tenderloin & Shrimp and received it - boy did it look delicious. Not sure why we weren't special enough to get to try it but we won't be going back after that non-senseǾ
I'm in town on a business trip and was ECSTATIC to find this place! I eat a grain-free and I was over the moon to see how many choices I had. I ended up ordering the bacon wrapped dates and the bunless elk burger. They were both absolutely fantastic. Great portion size for the price and I can really taste the quality ingredients. I'm such a fan and will keep this place bookmarked for every time I come into town.

PLEASE open a location in the Boston area!Ǿ
First time here. The wrapped dates appetizer were fantastic! And the salad and Brussel sprouts were delicious as well. However in my opinion. The prices are a little on the high side. I hate that because I bet everything is wonderful. But just wish they would consider to come down a little. I spoke to a few others that agreed. Hope they make it there. Great location, but not everyone wants to pay these prices especially for lunch.Ǿ
I've been impressed with everything they serve. The food is quality and everything is healthy.Ǿ
The food is impeccable, caters to all of my family's issues and tastes better than 'normal food' so healthy & delicious!!!

The service though.... ugh, not sure if I've ever experienced worse. Completely rushed through our first two courses: plates taken away mid bite, appetizers served at the same time main courses, the three people at are table were never served our food together... complaints could go on and on.... but the food! 

Jacked prices up on drinks and the 'mothers day' special was a $$ premium too :(Ǿ
I really wanted to love this place but unfortunately they fell flat on several notes. 

The good: my Brussel Sprout Salad was fairly tasty. The Brussel Sprouts were charred and crispy just the way I like them! The location is convenient. They have some cool artwork inside. 

The bad: my salad was $17 and I found maayyybe a few tiny bites of the chicken that was promised in it. The beets also looked and tasted like they were from a jar. The service wasn't super speedy either and being that we were one of three tables in the whole place on a Friday night, I expected more. 

Had to try it, but we won't be back.Ǿ
It's great to have a Paleo restaurant around here. Good food, good service, good location. I'll definitely be back.Ǿ
We had a yummy meal at Blooming Beets tonight!!  Wow!!  The Brussels sprouts would change anyone's mind on Brussels sprouts.  Shrimp Fajitas were excellent!!  Burger was juicy and perfectly cooked.  Logan did an excellent job of meeting all our needs including my picky son.  Would absolutely eat here again.Ǿ
Enjoyed trying this place out. It definitely fills like they care about the quality of their food. We had the Mushroom soup and the best salad. Overall it was very fresh and good. The cost for the portion side was the only thing that stood out as negative. The soup is a cup not a bowl and the salad would be a half salad in some places.Ǿ
We went here for Sunday brunch.  I highly recommend one of the waffle breakfast items on the menu.  The waffle is made with cashew, coconut and tapioca flours.  I had the apple bacon waffle and my wife had the power lifter breakfast which includes one of the waffles.  Lots of flavor in all of the items in our order.  I enjoyed the bottomless mimosas which they have every day.  Nice atmosphere in the restaurant as it is bright and inviting.  Service is very good and friendly.Ǿ
The menu is very unique, be sure to check it out before you come. We all found something we could order but the whole gluten free offering was a bit of a bust. 

The salads look like a good option and the Brussels sprouts appetizer is to die for!

One friend ordered the pancakes and everything else on her plate was burnt. 
Another ordered the tuna salad and it was the best dish at the table! 
No one cared for the beet soup served with every meal. Needs some spices added for complexity. 

I had the chicken wrap and although the chicken itself was okay the wrap wasn't edible or anything I'd waste calories on. Maybe if it were toasted would be better. 
Again the Brussels sprouts were amazing!Ǿ
I love finding a restaurant that cooks like I cook... Grass fed meats, gluten free, paleo, no processed food or sugars.  Most importantly.. The food was delicious!  Delicious Brussels sprouts and we loved our wild meat burgers!Ǿ
Fabulous food and amazing service! Will definitely be back! Try the beet bisque, it's wonderful!Ǿ
Stay away. Horrible. The menu has about 10 items, in the appetizers: salmon, Brussels sprouts, beets, chicken,  sweet potatoes. In the salads: salmon , Brussels sprouts, beets , chicken, sweet potatoes. In the entrees: salmon, Brussels sprouts, sweet potatoes, chicken..........................the salmon and chicken , in every dish, was like jerky. Same chicken in salad as in entree. Same Salmon in all dishes.  Dry.  Jerky. 
We overheard the only other 3 tables sending things back, unhappy, complaining. Then, we started to get our food-salad was undressed jerky Salmon over arugula.    Entres were same dry Salmon over sweet potatoes and arugula , and overlooked jerky cubed chicken over cubed dry sweet potatoes and arugula. No dressing. No sauce.  
We ordered two desserts: lava  cake , and brownie.  My boyfriend can eat anything sweet.  Anything.  These were so hard , dry, kind of burned.....we left it all. 
Stay away ! Horrible.  I will not tell you how much it cost.  You'll be as ill as we are .Ǿ
So excited for another Paleo and Grain free establishment. Ive been wanting to try this place for quite sometime as I didn't plan right when visiting Colorado. Well we now get our very own here in the Phoenix- metro area! Very cute and warm place with great service. Our server was very sweet and caring. The bacon wrapped dates appetizer was by far the best thing we tried- what a great combination of sweet and salty. We got the chicken coconut wrap and the salmon. The chicken coconut wrap was good. The aioli definitely made the dish. The salmon was cooked perfectly however the sauce was over bearing, there was sooo much of it and it didn't quite compliment the salmon tasting profile as I had wished. Lastly we had to try the lava molten chocolate cake with cashew ice cream. Nailed it! We were a bit disappointed in the limited menu. There wasn't very much to choose from. Perhaps that is due to this place being so new. Overall I wasn't blown away by the food, but look forward to giving this place another chance sometime in the future.Ǿ
I ate here yesterday for lunch. The food was very delicious, and the service was on point. Always asking if we need anything and refilling the water glasses. The only reason that I am giving it 4 out of 5 is that it seemed a bit expensive for a brunch/lunch menu.Ǿ
Fantastic for anyone but specifically Paleo, Autoimmune disorder folks and gluten free.

First of all they are in the old Fired Pie location... in case you are wandering around the shopping center.  They updated the decor and it's really sweet.

Second of all the prices are spot on for gluten free and organic restaurants!

Thirdly the service was excellent and they explained things I wouldn't have thought to ask that some seasoning have night shades... who knew??  I'm sure that's why other places can cause me to be sick... I'm very inquisitive about sauces and flavorings due to potential gi issues.

Now to the food.  I had the cashew waffles with chocolate syrup and dollop of coconut cream.  Literally the best waffles ever!  A lot of locations the gf waffles cause a lot of gi discomfort for me but their ingredients are much easier to digest and much friendlier on the body.  It's been over an hour since I ate and I feel good (if it's going bad I know within 20 min).  My husband had the chicken sweet potato wrap with side of field greens and spicy brussel sprouts which was delicious.  Caveat I do have pork allergy, so no bacon for me, other than that I could eat everything on the menu. (Not one sad little item like a lot of places). 

We were going to grab a pot of tea but totally forgot.  The dandelion blend is excellent for digestion. 

This is definitely going to be a go to place for us!  I'm entirely thrilled.  I'm already planning to try the mushroom soup next visit if I can only make myself not eat the waffles!

 I really appreciate that this restaurant has excellent food and is not pretentious!   
All of my favorite restaurants have special hours and usually Monday or Sunday closure, so I always check before going.

Lastly, they have specialty nights like Sunday night Community Dinner where you can sit with other people who are interested in healthy food... Ladies night, etc.Ǿ
We enjoyed and food and services at this restaurant. Liked the decor and environment. Only the bathroom needs attentionǾ
Food was good!  Service was slow, too slow.  Servers were not rude but not really engaged.  We were there for an early dinner around 5:30 on a Saturday and it was only us and two other couples.  Not really explainable to have less than excellent service when it's not busy.  

I will be back again. The bacon wrapped dates and bison burger were two thumbs up.  I'd like to try other menu items.  Let's just hope service improves.Ǿ
I was excited to try this place out but it was kind of disappointing! The price point is higher than most paleo/ "healthy" restaurants which I don't mind when it is justified but my seared tuna salad was incredibly small (almost $15, photo for reference, it took my friend and I 3 minutes to eat it all, there were about 17 pieces of arugula) and it honestly did not taste special in terms of an average oil based salad with pieces of tuna. Incredibly small and underwhelming, it does not motivate me to go back and try out any of the entree dishes as I fear that the $25 salmon will be a rip off ! But hey if price isn't a problem for you , I bet getting a salad and an entree would be filling.Ǿ
Blooming Beets was so so good!! All the ingredients were fresh and paleo and we loved the cashew butter waffles!! The restaurant is so clean and fresh and the service was great!! Would definitely recommend!!Ǿ
Had lunch here with a friend who eats AIP.  We were excited to see a restaurant catering to the Paleo crowd.  However, the food is expensive, portions are very small, and nothing special for the price.  I had a pretty basic arugula salad with no meat on it that was 13.  I was hungry a hour later due to such a small portion size. After paying 13 for a salad, it should include a protein for no extra charge.Ǿ
Had the wild oyster mushroom soup which was the bomb, and the bunless smokey wild burger.  It was DELICIOUS!!!  First time here definitely will be coming back!Ǿ
This place was actually a pretty nice find! It's located in a nice part of Chandler next to AJ's and has a very nice, trendy/chic interior. This restaurant prides itself on being 100% grain-free, gluten-free, grass-fed, wild-caught, pastured ingredients, and mostly dairy-free. I came here for brunch and its menu consists of the usual salads, wraps, waffles, benedicts, etc, but they do have a great combination of ingredients that form unique dishes. All the options are rather healthy and very well crafted. I ordered the Powerlifter, which came with a waffle. The waffle was soft, sweet, and airy, which is unlike a lot of other gluten-free foods I've tried. It is extremely tasty competes pretty closely with a gluten-filled waffle. They allowed me to get egg-whites and garnished my waffle with extra toppings without an up-charge. Pricing for this place is a little on the higher end, with my dish costing $18.80 and my boyfriend's beet salad $12.50.

The customer service was very good. Like I said above, they allowed me to change my dish around without extra costs. Our waiter was very helpful with finding alternatives, getting us seated quickly, providing quick service. This place was a steady 4 stars and teetering towards 5 stars, until my experience in the bathroom. I exercised before brunch so I was guzzling down water during brunch. Naturally, I had to urge so I excused myself to the bathroom. The bathroom decor was a little older and uncharacteristic for the restaurant, but this is not the problem. When I walked in, there was a pervasive sewage odor that almost made me hurl my recently consumed pricey meal. All the toilets were flushed and without obvious cause for the odor so it really disgusted me that this room smelled horribly. The bathroom walls also had stains from unknown liquids, as if it had not been maintained meticulously. Literally, the only thing separating the restaurant from this odor was the bathroom door and is the reason why this place is getting 3 stars instead of 4.Ǿ
I had such high hopes for this place. I really did. We had two bacon wrapped dates, arugula and beet salad, 2 tenderloin dinners, 2 kids burger dinners, 2 kids scrambled eggs dinners, 1 lemon drop martini. Our total was $155. Now, we don't mind spending that, but the quality of food did not warrant the price. 

We, including our kids, are quite accustomed to eating at healthy, independently owned restaurants. I wasn't sure the kids would love the burgers since it's a blend of game meats, but they may have liked them if they weren't cooked to death. I grew up eating bison burgers and these were very over cooked, somewhat spicy, and had a very unpleasant taste. My 1yo eats ANYTHING and took a bite of his sister's and immediately spit it out. The staff did give each kid a chicken tender to eat instead and my son said it was delicious. My daughter finished my tenderloin. I appreciate them offering a substitute, but I wish we had been a bit less PC about the flavor. We were trying to be nice because the service itself was fantastic. Probably would've been better to just be blunt and let them know it wasn't an issue with the kids, but the actual food itself. 

Anyway, bacon wrapped dates were good, arugula and beet salad was good. The tenderloin was oddly prepared. The meat was grey like maybe it was cooked in the oven or pre-cooked and reheated? Not grey like it was spoiled though (want to clarify that!). The cauliflower mash was tasty, but again, an odd color, the brussel sprouts were also good. Nothing stood out as extraordinary or even especially fresh. The cashew waffles were pretty good and I don't even like waffles. The seasoned sweet potatoes were good, too. The quality was not worth the price though. When you compare it to other places in the valley that offer similar dishes, you kind of have to price yourself appropriately. Their prices might end up being their demise. Again, I say this as someone who is accustomed to taking the family to places like this and having a decent sized bill. 

Also, someone else mentioned the bathrooms. It's true. My 8yo used the restroom and came back and told us they were dirty. My husband went in with him the next time and said they were about as clean as a gas station restroom. The women's wasn't quite that bad, but definitely not as clean as I would expect. Along the lines of things not being well kept, our highchair literally fell apart while my son was sitting in it. Not just a small piece, but the entire rail that goes across the bottom just fell off and upon closer inspection, both legs on that side were splitting. 

The staff were extremely attentive and friendly and on top of things. Our glasses were always filled, our plates cleared, order correct, etc. If they can bring their dishes up to that same level and make their prices a bit more competitive, they will hopefully be successful. 

Just FYI for anyone sensitive to stevia like me, I do think they use it in a lot of things. I knew my lemon drop would have some since it has a splash of Zevia soda, but also let the waiter know that stevia makes me pretty ill in more than very small doses. I ended up extremely ill and the only thing I can think of is maybe there was stevia in more than just my drink (definitely not food poisoning sick).

**updated to add that all 3 of us who had the tenderloin seem to have now gotten sick. Hubby feels certain it was the tenderloin since the color was off.Ǿ
I decided to try this restaurant as they are gluten free (and free of many other major allergens), but also because they use wild caught fish and grass fed meats. 

It has a very nice soothing atmosphere with some booths.  Nice lighting, darker rich relaxing colors. 

I ordered the Prosciutto Benedict which came with some arugula and a nice sweet potato hash.  Seasoned perfectly and a bit crunchy not soggy.  They also had a waffle  which I will go back for as well as several other items on their dinner menu.

Very nice to have a healthy dining choice where you don't have to sacrifice the flavor or go vegan or vegetarian to get gluten free options.  

The server was very helpful going over the menu and different options.  They will definitely work with you if you have other needs as well.  The only thing I'd like to see them work on is to pay more attention to the womens restroom it was definitely in need of service.

I would definitely recommend this restaurant and I will return!