Vegetarian-friendly! I had a delicious vegetable soup and artisan salad. The staff was very friendly and the coffee was fresh! The ambiance was terrific for fresh food and fun conversation. I certainly recommend this place for my veggie friends traveling through this area.笑
In a word - AWESOME. Recently went to Blossom to see Radiohead and stayed at a hotel about 10 minutes away from here. My boyfriend and I fell in love with the entire city of Hudson, but especially with the amazing dinner we had at Nosh!

Tiny place, great logo design and casual ambiance. I love the bright colors, and the multicolored chalk boards to list the menu/specials. It was a good mix between tech and cozy. My kinda digs.

The food was spot ON. The dinner specials looked great, and it looked as if they update the choices pretty often which speaks well for keeping food local. SO many of their choices looked amazing - the big brisket for one, and the udon noodle salad! But I ended up with one of the quiche of the days - mushroom, leek, brie and spinach which came with a side of arugula, and my man decided on the grilled 5 cheese sandwich that came with tomato soup, and we also ordered a bowl of fries ($2!). For dessert, we shared their triple berry cobbler and housemade ice cream which was OUT OF THIS WORLD - brown sugar and sea salt flavored, like the best butterscotch you've ever had.

The fries were great - they must take their Yelp reviews to heart because they were surely double fried with a hint of rosemary to boot! The quiche had a great browned, buttery crisp crust, with a really lovely custard-y center. The grilled cheese was SO FLAVORFUL - one of the best I've ever had. 

1 quiche, 1 grilled cheese, 1 bowl of fries, 2 drinks, 1 cobbler with ice cream was $27 before tip. Very reasonable, for the quality of food that you get.

CHILLY - wear a sweater! Seating is limited. Great music. Highly recommended.笑
Healthy, light, fresh, natural, organic, peak fresh ingredients, French pressed organic coffee, local grown, fresh cream, green, friendly service, food made with love, crafted recipes, pretty plated presentation, trendy, modern, health conscious, generous portions, great prices! Will return .. Do recommend!笑
We've been to Nosh for breakfast and lunch more times than I can count. Every time we come the food is fantastic. The quiche dishes are always good, but the specials are where it's at. 

The prices are extremely reasonable for the amount of food and the quality. There are other restaurants in the area that offer similar fare, but typically at a higher price. Truly a gem in the rough. Great breakfast spot for sure!笑
Nom, nom, nom.....I've had numerous friends rave about this place and yesterday I finally got to experience the freshness and deliciousness that is the food at Nosh Eatery. Overall a great menu! Not only is the food fresh and delish, but they also had gluten free bread! It was awesome actually being able to eat a real sandwich in a restaurant! :)笑
Used Nosh for a catering  event and it great!!!! Food is so fresh yet inventive! Cannot complain about a single morsel. The dynamic duo travels for their goods and grow their own! Pride is an understatement here, the word is excellence. I suggest anything on the menu. Cute laid back atmosphere.笑
The food was pretty good, but I thought it was a little too expensive, especially $4.00 for a bowl of fries.  We went during lunch and thought we might not get a table since they only have 5 in the entire restaurant - it wasn't  problem since only three tables were taken during the entire hour. The service was fast and extremely friendly, other than that nothing really stood out that would make me want to go back.笑
Outstanding!  Their special dinners are worth every penny.  Great service.  Rick (chef/owner) definitely knows what he is doing. At lunch try the brisket sandwich.笑
Dined at Nosh for lunch. Tiny menu selection. Most of the food items they couldn't offer you. Like the Rueben Sandwich. Perhaps, they were out of bread or mustard--who knows? Ordered a Turkey Wrap and the bread was unpleasant. The sandwich had mushy  French Fries in it and  I picked them out. Corn etc., was also in there and the cheese was just cut too thick, which made it chewy--not melt in your mouth, but then I couldn't have picked the French Fries out. A blessing in disguise, I suppose. I'm not understanding the reviews. Went for the Cubano sandwich, which they advertise that they make, but was told that was yesterday's special. Okay! But, it's on the web as one of your standard items. Confusing. Their little cheesecakes were dense, but tasty especially the citrus. However, they'd been on the shelf a few day's too long. Or, left uncovered. Their ice tea was excellent. A very nice blended brew. Perhaps, they do much better at catering then running a restaurant. The staff was friendly, efficient and pleasant. You may take your pooch, which is why I pointed my car in that direction. There are two tables outside. If I was them, I'd offer a pooch friendly menu. The Nosh is located right next to a pet grooming shop. Just one chicken item for the pampered pet. I noticed people were leaving their pet at the groomers or (aghast) in their cars in front of the restaurant. Another strike out for me this week.笑
Kitchen staff was awesome and friendly. Some of the other staff... Was a little awkward. Either way... Good food, chill space. I'd come back.笑
It was very good and very creative.  You can tell a lot of care and thought goes into their food prep.笑
Best catering I've ever seen and/or eaten. The food not only tastes amazing, it's pretty! Very friendly staff.笑
I went again today and got the Grilled Chicken Salad Sandwich (Grilled Chicken Breast, Seedless Grapes, Spanish Almonds, Sundried Cherries, Tarragon Aioli, Artisan Lettuce, Tomato on Multi Grain Bread) $7.25, and a cup of Mushroom Farro soup $3.  

The sandwich was tasty and everything wash fresh.  I really liked it. It was a little light on the lettuce and the almonds were chopped a little too fine, and there were too few present to offer any texture to the food.  I wish there were more almonds to bump up the flavor a bit because the aioli was incredibly dominant.  I could taste the cherries and the grapes, but more almonds would have better balanced things.  

The flavor of the soup was great.  It was a basic fall-weather soup (vegetable stock base with mushrooms and farro).  It had a good homemade/comfort feel.  However, the soup was a little oily for my liking.  I'll probably give the soups another try, but I can't give the soup a thumbs up yet.  If this was a soup-only joint, I would give the place a much lower rating based on this one.

Overall, I'm still digging the place and now that I'm not eating out for lunch all that much, I might end up stopping here every couple of weeks.  It's well worth a try, especially to get away from the usual Hudson/Stow lunch fare.笑
The food was great but the customer service not so much that is why I only gave it three stars.  It was 2:15pm so maybe that had something to do with it since they close at 3:00pm.  I told the girl when I walked in that I was new she explained the menu but did not tell me that ordering at the counter was for to go orders. I placed my order then went and sat down it was at that time another waitress came over she was not very friendly, I explained to her that I had placed my order at the counter she never looked at me again.

The lady behind the counter went in the back and I never saw her again.  I saw the cook place something in the bag on the counter not realizing it was mine.  Finally the other waitress offered me my food which had been sitting there for a good 5 minutes.  I had planned on eating there but I took my lunch and left!

The vegetarian quiche was delicious as was the toms the bisque soup, I will definitely try this place again the  food was delicious even if I did have to heat it back up when I got to my hotel room.笑
This place is such a gem and needed near Stow. The food is so beautifully prepared and who doesn't love the option for a mimosa in the morning? The omelet we had was hands down one of the best ever. I always feel omelette sate too eggy (I know)...  But this had the PERFECT combination of broccoli, caramelized onion, kale, cheese etc. Try the house hot sauce of you like spice, last weeks had Carolina Reaper (the hottest pepper right now) in it!!笑
Excellent! The staff are friendly, take out orders are ready when promised, and the food is delicious. We tried the quiche-of-the-day (lemon-roasted turkey and veggie with goat cheese), the artichoke-portabella panini, the tomato-basil bisque, and a fruit salad. Everything was excellent. The portions were generous, especially the quiche, which came with perfectly dressed arugula. I have been disappointed by so many restaurant fruit salads but this one was perfect. It's such a small thing, but it was so good: perfectly sweet and firm pineapple, plums, grapes, blackberries, and blueberries. I could eat another one now.笑
Sit at the counter for the best experience.
The guys in the kitchen are super cool and make the experience. 
They took our order and ensured we were good throughout the meal.笑
Gourmet quality food wrapped up in an unpretentious and unique presentation. Love the branding and design. Follow them on Twitter or Facebook to hear the daily specials. Great for take-away.笑
Vegan potato soup has great flavor.  I really enjoyed the hummus wrap too!  The presentation is great too! 

You can see the food prep area at the register, looked very clean.笑
The food was amazing. The bloody Mary I had was awful, but the food outshines everything else anyways. In the 6 years I worked in Hudson, I cant believe no one has ever told me about this place.笑
Called in a carry out order - menu is online. While the store has a few tables, you might plan on pick up during cold seasons. Food was ready on time and wrapped to stay warm until I got back to work. Amazing multi cheese grilled cheese sandwich with a side of tomato basil soup and home made chips. Sweet pickles on side. Very tasty, filling and extremely satisfying- like I need a nap!笑
Fresh   creative and delish- try the brisket sandwich with 2 farm raised eggs on it and fresh sourdough- wish this was in Chicago close to home.
 Well done笑
Very nice sized portions. Half sandwich, half soup was a great deal for a hearty lunch.笑
Good breakfast spot!  High quality food and nice atmosphere.  

We had...

1.  Hand cut fruit bowl - all fruit was very fresh and tasty.
2.  One of the specialty omelets - very nice with a unique combination of ingredients
3.  Quiche - not the best I have had but still better than the typical quiche.

We didn't try any of the coffees/juices but all looked great on the menu.

Service was friendly and quick.  We'll be back!笑
I was thoroughly impressed with Nosh. The food was great and the menu was excitingly different from the other places nearby. Casual, more like a deli atmosphere.  Such a unique option for a quick lunch.   Love the fresh feel of the food.  Wish they had better hours, will definitely stop in again!  So refreshing to have a place that isn't afraid to get creative with the food, such a great and delicious twist!笑
Had received a gift card & wanted to check Nosh out for awhile now.  Went for lunch with my husband and 2 kids and we were not disappointed!  From the fresh brewed green tea to the tomato basil soup I stole from my son to the hummus wrap with chicken that I ordered as my entree, everything tasted fresh & delicious.  Sampled the kid's grilled cheese, the 5 cheese grilled cheese, the minestrone soup, housemade fries & chips from what others in my party ordered & was impressed by the flavors and quality ingredients used in all.  Husband and kids loved it, too!  We will definitely be back again; hopefully for dinner soon.  (Gotta try the desserts next time!).笑
High quality food, friendly staff, comfortable and trendy interior. Our sandwiches and soups came out fast and could taste the freshness of the ingredients. Would definitely recommend and we will be returning.笑
I like the creativity put into the menu.  There's always new soups of the day as well as a quiche and lunch wrap for the day.  This place might cost a dollar more than your local franchise restaurant but it's worth the extra money.  The reason why the 3 stars is because it's small and the woman working the front counter is a bit unfriendly and hostile.笑
Tasty breakfast + lunch food with something for everyone. 

Note to proprietors: get more chairs + tables.笑
HOLY QUICHE!! Probably the best little gem in Hudson. I have only been there  and had breakfast and lunch a couple times, but I will be a returning customer. I believe they have a quiche of the day, which I recommend. Trying one or both take a piece home for a snack for later. Good atmosphere and friendly staff.笑
Whether you're an herbivore or a carnivore, you must try the vegan/vegetarian 4 course tasting menu here.  By the cheerful, casual look of the place, you'd never expect this level of culinary expertise, but lo and behold... a beautifully aromatized dish of shishito peppers, shaved apple, wonton crisps and a tamari drizzle... a yukon gold potato and mushroom graten with an herb tapenade... fried brussel sprouts with a tomato gremolata, endive and arugula...and if that wasn't enough, a roasted anjou pear stuffed with a pumpkin risotto!  What?!  I live in San Francisco, and was very pleasantly surprised to find not only something vegan in Hudson, but something expertly crafted and really, really tasty.  Thank you Chef Shane Moran, I'll be back for more!笑
Small cafe style restaurant with absolutely amazing food!  Very fresh and tasty ingredients.  Iced tea is excellent as well. Friendly staff. Portions are a bit small so a good idea to order extras like soup or chips.笑
I love this place!  The food is great, and the servers have a passion for their work!  I'm almost always a breakfast customer and the only knock I have is that they don't open until 9 on Saturdays...  For those late mornings, Nosh is a great place to try!  They use fresh, local ingredients, and their specials are unlike anything you normally find elsewhere.  My standby is the Corned Beef Hash, but I will order the Lobster Eggs Benedict every time I see it on the menu!  Give Nosh a try if you haven't!  You'll be glad you did!笑
I miss NOSH already. After hearing they were closing last week I was just baffled. THE most fresh, healthy, chef driven menu in an affluent community was sure to equal a successful business, right? I know many NOSH fans are hoping they are just reinventing themselves and will come back soon! We need your quiche and your salmon BLT in our lives, STAT.笑
Finally made it to Nosh yesterday, and glad that I did. It's a small place, only 7 or 8 tables, and a couple of seats at a counter toward the back. The inside decor is modern, with a few trendy art pieces adorning the walls. Service was friendly enough, and the menu was eclectic. I was having a tough time deciding between the chicken salad sandwich and the beet salad. Fortunately, I discovered that they had a half salad/half sandwich deal, so I was able to sample both. 

The salad was great - a nice blend of sweet and slightly tart, with some great textures. The sandwich was good too, a tad less sweet than I am used to, but the grapes and dried cherries helped it along. The bread it was served on was (I think) a multigrain or wheat bread. It was good, but It was a bit dry when grilled.

My friend had the reuben - it looked and tasted delicious (he let me try a small bite).It was a good portion of meat packed into butter-grilled sourdough bread. He felt the sauerkraut tasted a bit too sour (he's used to rinsing it), I thought it was fine. 
It came with a side of fresh cut chips. They were good, but the portion was overly skimpy (pieced together, it would have made maybe 5 whole chips) and they weren't much different from what you would get from a bag of "kettle cooked" chips. I would not have known the difference. The small pile of sweet pickle chips that they make there - delicious! I'm not that crazy about sweet pickles, but these could entice me to purchase a jar if sold that way. 

All in all, it was a good lunch, and my friend and I both said we would go back. The food prices felt reasonable for good quality food. Oddly, drinks seemed pricey for a small cafe- 4.50 for 2 (an iced tea and a coke). Definitely will recommend this place to friends though!笑
ok, so... I have become a regular here. I have now tried a ton of stuff and am a bit of a Nosh addict.
They are right down the street from my work and they take call ahead orders so this is really convenient for me.
I'm still in love with their tomato basil bisque but I have now tried the Grilled 5 Cheese sandwich. OMG its the gooiest, cheesiest, most delicious grilled cheese. The brioche bread is grilled to a perfect crisp. The pesto in the sandwich is like the cherry on top. LUV IT. This sandwich is HUGE though. I find that half a sandwich with a cup of soup is more than enough.
I tried a few more salads, all delicious and of good size.
Don't forget to check out the daily specials, these items are not on the regular menu.
I tried a special a few days ago. It was a Chicken Schnitzel with a fried egg and a lemon caper aioli. WOW this sandwich was absolutely delicious.  I don't want to know how many calories was in this but it was worth it!
 Yesterday I finally got to try something on the breakfast menu. Pistachio crusted french toast with creme fraiche and berries , this was amazing!!!!!
 I have upgraded my rating to 5 stars. Cant wait to try more stuff!笑
They have great food. It is a small place that started as a catering business. That seems to still be their main business. It would be nice as a larger restaurant that was open extended hours. You end up just going elsewhere due to the fact that you will probably have to wait, or not get in at all.笑
Sunday Smokeout is great!  Pulled pork, potato salad, heirloom tomato salad all excellent!  Bravo Chef Rick and company!

Nosh also catered our daughters wedding last year. Excellent food served by excellent people. First class operation笑
I can't actually review the food because we were turned away. My husband, 3 month old and myself were excited to eat lunch here. As the name is nosh eatery, we assumed we would be able to eat at the place. Apparently this is not the case- you can eat outside (it's 50 degrees and raining and we have a baby) or take the food to go. Meanwhile there is a table inside the restaurant but we were told "it's a catering table, not for customers." Bummed at the experience because the food sounds good. If you're focusing on catering, perhaps take the word eatery out of our name so people don't confuse you with a restaurant....笑
Decent sandwiches and salads. Skip the tomato soup- it seems more like pasta sauce than soup. The interior and exterior are really cute, but seating is at a premium. There were multiple groups waiting for us to give up our table before we were even served, which made what should have been a leisurely lunch with friends rather stressful since we felt rushed to hurry up and finish since we were taking up one of maybe 3 or 4 other tables. Probably would be better to get carry out than to dine in.笑
Came for lunch and it was amazing. Had the Nosh Club Sandwich...So yummy. I love how they take into account the little things that make a big difference. The bacon on the club was chopped so I got some with every bite. The chips on the side made in house were just as amazing. The staff is so nice and friendly I am definitely coming back here again. Especially because the brunch menu looks to die for笑
Have had some great meals here and some that really didn't do it for me. Same with service - I've had the same person be really friendly and also be really weird/not so friendly. 

First, have to say that the catering I had from Nosh is some of the best food I've had in my life (granted, I was coming off a diet)! 

Okay, the restaurant. I always feel like it's my duty to stop there when I'm in the Hudson area, but I'm getting less and less inclined to. Corned beef is tasty, I suppose, but I've started to feel like I'm getting "weird" flavors from their food and that particular sandwich was the first one I noticed it with. Surprised to say that things really aren't tasting all that fresh to me, either. Had a veg banh mi once and it was delicious, however. (Meat) Quiche was salty and made me sick after a while. Homemade chips are tasty. 

Just starting to feel like the restaurant is half-assed and not really fully committed to that aspect of the business. Service is not overly friendly. Hipster cooks who frown when you walk in. Service is slow. Ordering by phone is annoying and sometimes takes them a while to pick up. Dining room is small. 

Hey, maybe I'm missing the right selection, but I'm just not feeling this place like I used to!笑
The food at Nosh is amazing! I love that they are open until 8 pm now since they are a great place to order ahead for takeout when I don't feel like cooking. They also recently got their license to serve beer and have a great selection of craft brews.

Best part of Nosh is that it's inexpensive but gourmet food. My favorite meal is the sliders and try the fries, but no matter what, I've never had a bad meal in the multiple times I've been there!  

The restaurant is not large, but do have a few seats for in room dining.  They specialize in catering, but do offer all there meals for call ahead and also have "boxed dinner" specials.笑
Really delicious and interesting foods and soups, but there is a terrible lack of organization and cleanliness. Wait for food is entirely too long. On 2 occasions there was an uninvited ingredient in the food. I will leave it at that....笑
Cute little place with original food.  Great food and great service!! I'm writing more because this stupid site called Yelp has a minimum digit entry.笑
Great eclectic menu. Had the special which waz chicken pintox wrap. Plantain chips were amazing. Great service. What keeps it from being a  5 star is price. They are using fresh quality ingredients, $15 for a chicken wrap is a little steep.笑
This place is FANTASTIC.  There are few places like this in our area and it is really a treat to go to Nosh.  First of all, the food is sourced locally (as much as possible.)  The  menu is creative and unique and everythign is prepared right in front of you. The menu also changes regularly, so you can go and see something completely different the next time you are there.  In chain restaurant hell (the mid-west) this is truly a diamond in the rough.笑
I've been wanting to go here for some time and I finally made it a point to stop in this week... wow! All of the reviews are true, this place is pretty spectacular! 

It's a small restaurant with about 5 or 6 tables, a 'bar' with another 6 chairs, and some outdoor seating. There was a steady flow of people coming in but still plenty of room to seat everyone.

I suppose what makes this place so great is their unique menu and attention to detail.  I had the Winter Brisket sandwich, wow!!! Normally I don't get excited over sandwiches but this place definitely impressed me... unique ingredients and fresh! I forget which sandwich my dad ordered but he loved it. I also noticed they serve coffee from Bent Tree, which is hands down the best coffee roaster in the area. It's details like that, that makes this place a 5 star establishment.

They would probably get more business if they had a better location. It's easy to pass it by when your driving down 91 because it tucked away in a pretty small plaza. 

My recommendation is that you give it a try! The food was amazing and the service was great.笑
This place is guilty of having a really great, unique menu, and some of the best food in Hudson.

They recently improved their hours and I hope they stick as they're a fantastic restaurant with an excellent menu.  It's a menu that takes a chef with some skill, and understanding of flavor. These aren't necessarily dishes that you can just assembly line out the door--like a fix for a restaurant on Kitchen Nightmares.

Every item you get is fresh and tasty.  I love them for carry out and their very diverse menu offerings.

Love the creativity of the Quiche of the Day...but their standard menu is good too. 

Indulge on their fesh cut fries, best in town.

My previous review was a bit harsh, but they've improved since that visit.笑
Without a doubt this eatery is very special. Gourmet food and outstanding service make for a killer combination. Brunch and lunch specials are creative and healthy. Their quiches are amazing. One of the best.笑
Met a friend for lunch here yesterday - and had a great experience.  Seating is limited - and they ran out of the lunch special quickly - but their adherence to farm to table prevents them from really over-doing anything/adds to the exclusivity, so if you want the special go early for lunch!  We each ordered a quiche, one flank steak and once artichoke with havarti, and split them.  Both were warm, served with greens, and were fantastic!  We finished with possibly the best brownies I have ever eaten, and some really smooth French press.  Two quiches, four glasses of wine, two brownies and two French presses (and two hours of laughing and girl talk) was only $60!  I will definitely be back.笑
Wow what a fabulous place!! Was in Hudson and thought I'd stop in here for some lunch to go. Was greeted by the very friendly owner? As it was my first time I asked for a recommendation. Ended up with the tomato basil soup which was not to rich, as she said just a dash of dairy...it was delicious! I practically licked the bowl. Also ordered a sandwich with cheese roasted brussell sprouts, peppers, etc. it was fabulous! They offered gluten free brèad which I choose and it was the best I have ever eaten!!
I also like that they source local food and use recyclable to go containers!
Open one in Akron's Highland Square PLEASE!!!!笑
Tried after reading yelp reviews so glad we did ! Courteous service , amazing food , and excellent French press coffee! I had the pulled pork eggs Benedict which was other worldly . Hubby had the italian panini which he pronounced excellent and we Split a chopped salad which was also great ! If they were open on Sunday's I'd be tempted to come back tomorrow !笑
My wife and I stopped in for a late lunch at Nosh and were very pleasantly surprised. She ordered the Heirloom Caprese sandwich while I got the El Cubano. 

Both were, in one word, fantastic. My wife thought hers could use a tiny bit more Balsamic to bring out the flavors, but devoured the sandwich anyway. As for mine, I initially thought it could use something similar, but then I really started to taste the surprisingly simply-flavored pulled pork. I don't think I've ever had better, and I realized that masking that deliciously hearty flavor would do the sandwich a disservice.

We also split an order of fries. These were very tasty, but like many hand-cut fries they ended up somewhat limp and a bit greasy. We cleared the plate regardless, but I would have liked to have seen these take a second dip in the fryer. 

The atmosphere isn't much to write home about; it's decorated in a fashion that is appropriate to its modern-bistro menu, which means it's not the warmest space. And like a previous reviewer, I feel like they could lose at least one of their deli cases and not be worse for wear. But it's also not the coldest restaurant I've eaten in, and it's clear that their service is (at least for now) primarily breakfast and lunch, which the decor suits.

I agree their hours are a bit odd. However, the last restaurant to occupy this space lasted maybe three months, so if taking it slow ensures Nosh will be around longer, I'm willing to work with their schedule. And yes, the location definitely leaves something to be desired. I feel like if this place opened downtown or in the First and Main plaza, it'd do much better business. But with the quality of food they're putting out now, I don't see any reason why they wouldn't be able to upgrade in the future.

I will definitely be back for breakfast and lunch, and look forward to an opportunity to pick up one of their takeout dinners.笑
Tex Mex Tasty! The chorizo benedict satisfies without overstuffing, and the first bite beautifully blended tastes and textures: crunchy sausage heat, creamy avocado, and simply sweet roasted pepper. Yep, all that in one bite.

We found Nosh on our way to somewhere else Saturday morning ... and Yelp help. Opted for the counter - the best seats in the house, in my opinion. Eat-in kitchen atmosphere and the opportunity to learn about dishes to order in the future.

Local sourcing (their own farm) of high quality ingredients heightens the anticipation of good eating. Hands-on owners are pleasant and proud - deservedly so.

The tomato basil bisque is one of the best I've ever tasted and the green salad beside it is an extraordinary blend of flavors and textures. 

We brought home food to share later: artichoke/havarti sandwich, smoked salmon sandwich, chicken salad sandwich, stone fruit salad, herbed fries, butternut squash/apple soup.

The menu changes seasonally. Great find!笑
let me quote my wife "oh my god the food is sooo good".

need i say anything more?  Well yes I will..............let me quote myself "small place that needs new table and chairs but the food is sooo good".笑
Delicious I can't wait to go try more of their delicious looking menu. I ordered the last portobello mushrooms panini with artichoke, havarti cheese (yum) arugula and I think there were capers which gave it a little saltines. It would be hard not to order it next time.
 I wish they were open for dinner and breakfast on the weekend笑
This is a wonderful place to have lunch.  The food is absolutely amazing and tastes so fresh!  The staff is friendly, they have very interesting choices for soups, salads and sandwiches and it's really cute inside.  I don't live in the area, but I have family who does and I will definitely go back.  I like that there are a lot of veggie options for sandwiches, as well.笑
Nosh is easy to pass by in the unassuming little strip mall that it sits on- but you shouldn't miss it. It has high quality, tasty food served in a casual setting. I had the vegetarian gumbo and the soba noodle salad- both were fresh and delicious. My colleague also enjoyed her soup and meal. Loved the experience! There's an enticing dessert display, which I managed to avoid but maybe next time...