Amazing Food!

I've tried almost everything on their menu and they have a home made food taste that you will not be able to find unless your mother is making it (If your mom was a good cook, not KD). 

I recommend to try the veal/goat with rice and veggies because its a MOUTH BLOWN of taste. Every bite you taken, make you begging for more.

Their portions are great, nice and large! Very fill!

Their pricing is competitive with other restaurants in the area.

If you're a first time customer, they will treat you like family and ask them to get a special and they will make something just for you!笑
Stopped by tonight for the first time and walked into this little food court. Got the food to go after some great hosting by the owner. We spoke about her home cooking and everything from scratch approach. I got home and indulged into exploding flavours and perfect consistency. I'll be going back to try more! The soup was tasty and loved my veggies and rice!笑
Had the goat and rice with veggies dish.  A bit on the pricey side (12+tax) for a lunch dish, but worth every penny. 

Very tasty with a nice heat, dish is served fresh, the goat meat is succulent and falls off the bone, the veggies are superb with a nice tomato sauce.  

The serving size is huge, I do wish they had a smaller size at lunch price. 

My friend ordered the fresh samosas and soup du jour, and loved the samosas. 

If you are in the area I highly recommend checking this place out for some fresh home cooking.笑
I visited Kal & Mooy today as they opened their new location on Queen West.  It's great to know where they are now and where you can always get the best Somalian and East African food in Toronto. I had the goat dinner...wow!  Their summer Food Truck offered the same natural, pure, diverse and amazingly delicious food, but without a car, I couldn't always get to them. Now its just a hop skip and a jump and I'll be bringing colleagues from work over for lunch with Aisha!  Her whole family were there today.  Their smiles and their obvious joy were infectious.  There is love and pride in the food  Kal & Mooy cook for you!   It's a delicious experience for all the senses!笑
I got the goat and rice....delicious!  They add sautéed vegetables which adds amazing flavours to the dish.  I also got the beef samosa...best samosa I've ever had!  I will definitely come back to try the other items on the menu.笑
I really love the goat and rice dish!!!  There's an assortment of veg, pomegranate seeds, raisins, and a slice of lime for that extra pop of brightness.  A very good portion for $12.
If you like your food spicy, get the hot sauce. 

The samosas are totally different from Indian samosas.  Give 'em a try too!  $2 each.  

The wife in the standalone food court building is so friendly.  The husband takes care of the food truck roamin' the streets of Toronto!笑
One of my favourite lunch spots. Good portions and flavours - and some familiar flavours in case you are not sure about trying East African cuisine! The food truck in the summer is awesome because sometimes they'll try introduce new combos for the occasion and travel around the city. But their permanent location is a godsend the rest of the year.笑
Samosas were very disappointing. More than half of the fillings consisted of onions... which was overpowering. The middle of my samosas were still cold so I had to reheat them. Definitely not worth the price or the hype!!笑
Wow. WOw. WOw. WOw.  The lady who works here remembers me every time I go in.  I just love her.  Her food is insanely delicious its. jsut. so. good.  tbh they have this vegan soup thats just like ???? how can anything vegan be this delicious.  my fan fav is the GOAT MEAT dish. mhm is GOATTTTT.  the meat is so tender u can suckle the marrow out from the bone, imagine it.. it come with rice, veggies, and GOAT MEAT.  the rice is beautiful and she sprinkles pmegranate seed on top WOWOWOWOOWWOWOWOWOWOWO.  it's my all time favorite and tbh probably the best food ive had in toronto and tbh like..... PLEASE GO HERE!!! SRSLY I just LOVE the lady who works here and to eat her food is a tantilizing fantasy, so beautiful and amazing笑
Went to a party last night that kal & mooy catered.  Food was fantastic!   Really interesting and super tasty.    Going to have them cater  my holiday open house. Will be something different and I know my guests won't be disappointed or leave hungry!笑
In a word: gorgeous! You simply can't go wrong with any of their frisky hot sauces squirted atop literally any of their good-ass foods. Do you like okra? beets? sweet potatoes? I sure HOPE so, cause they'll be slathering those very nightshades and roots all over your choice of goat, beef or chicken. Assuming you weren't raised on Lunchables and boxes of Strawberry Quik, this won't be a problem. In fact, you'll probably want to order a samosa at this point, and then chase it back with 4, 6 or 9 more. Are the samosas good? Buddy...theyyyyyy're grrreeeat! Take my word lunchmongers, these friendly folks are the current champs of the Queen and John scene. Quiznos/Petview/Yogurty's is dead. Long live Kal and Mooy!笑
Simply amazing! I went here with a colleague for the first time last Friday. He ordered a dish with goat and I ordered the Suqaar chicken dish. We agreed to exchange a sample of each others dish; lets just say that didn't happen. In a nut shell once we started eating our meals we went into a this is delicious auto pilot eating mode. I just got back from the restaurant with the same order. A complete balance of flavours. $7.91 with taxes included is an amazing price for great quality food. Thank you Kal & Mooy!笑
Authentic and delicious. The food is something between Indian and Mexican.
It was a different experience笑
The flavor and the quality of the food was amazing, given the fact this place is a little stall in a food court.

I got the hot quinoa salad with goat. It was delicious and had fresh pomegranate seeds in it! The only downside is that it was quite oily and all the veggies and grains were drenched in oil. Next time I order, I might ask for the meat on the side--I think that should fix it.

There is no seating however! There are standing tables (shared with other eateries), and a few benches outside if the weather is nice.笑
Amazing Somalian take out spot in the indoor market across from City TV.  Had a cup of spicy and very flavourful mung bean soup and tried a chicken injera wrap which comes with veggies, cheese, cranberries, and spinach for an extra $.50.  Very filling and richly flavoured.  I'll probably have to sleep at my desk all afternoon.....笑
Amazing and fresh food, Friendly service, and convenient 
What's not to love!
My first time trying Somalian food but won't be my last
Amazing meals including chicken sabaya and rice and also their famous beef samosas are to die for.
Super underrated!笑
the food is very good, it is fast food concept so don't expect to have a sitting area. The prices are good and the portions filling.笑
I went there and was able to try 2 samosas, a goat and rice dish, and a beef stew dish. 

I've never had East African cuisine, but I felt that the flavours were sporadically placed around. I tasted the veggies and then had pomegranate seeds that added nice colour appeal to the meal, but I felt that they were either garnish or really just unneeded. I saw the lime and when eating the goat it felt just like slow cooked meat where it fell apart and was very tender. 

They are known for their "best samosas in North America" and their various spices. I found them disappointing on both fronts. 

$12 for the meal was a bit pricey.笑
This is one of my favorite places to eat lunch around here, and I've been working in this area for over 7 years. The flavours just sing and they are not afraid of using spices here. My personal favorite is the Chicken Suqaar, which is like a chicken stew with rice and is a steal at $7.00.  Also love the beef samosas and the Anjeera wrap. The service is very friendly and the owners are as sweet as can be. I love supporting them!笑
Just west of El Mundo and Pizza Pizza on Queen West there's what appears to be a brick warehouse. "Nothing good can happen here," you tell yourself, and move along. But you would be wrong - for inside, all the way down the little food court, are some delicious African noms served by a very sweet lady at the Kal & Mooy stand.

Food was, importantly, delicious (that goat doe), but what tipped this to a 5-star was the kind lady cooking for us; we came at the end of the day, when she was out of some things and packing up other things, but she was kind enough to make us a mixed plate of what she had left, and talked to us about the story of how she had started this business in the city she's lived in and loves so much. 

Great food, good prices, and a lovely person behind that counter? I'll be back.笑
Just ate here tonight for the first time and it was delicious! Staff are friendly and knowledgeable,. and more than happy to take the time to proudly explain their product, and the love that goes into it. Food is light and healthy, and also great value. Would recommend to anyone.笑
Having eaten many a meal at both the Kal & Mooy food truck as well as the physical location on Queen West, I can easily and confidently say everything on the menu is delicious. Everything is fresh, homemade & it shows. The samosas are the best in the city, and the soup is a hidden gem. Reasonable prices, standing tables to eat your lunch, and always kind people running this place. Love ending up on Queen West so I can support this great place.笑
Came here on a cool November day with a small group as part of a food tour, and this may have been THE find of the day!  We had a number of stops, but halfway through we ran into the Queen Street Food Market to try Kal & Mooy's samosas.  They make them to-order, freshly deep fried and doused in a savoury sauce.  At $7 for four, they were a steal given that they were clearly homemade with lean, high-quality meat (we had two each of chicken and beef).  They were so uniquely different from any East or West-Indian samosas any of us had ever had, that we all agreed we needed to return.  On top of that, while we were waiting for the samosas, I started to chat up Aisha, the wife of the husband-wife team who own and run both the storefront and the food truck, as I didn't even know that we were eating Somali cuisine!  She explained to all of us the origin of the Kal & Mooy name as the mortar & pestle-type tools they use to pound out ingredients like spices and corn meal.  WIthout hesitation, Aisha immediately offered us a VERY large sample container of the chicken suqaat stew served on rice and sprinkled with pomegranate seeds, as well as two different heat levels of their house-made hot sauce.  All for free!!!  The stew was a delicious, slow-cooked dish of tender chicken chunks, carrots, and other veggies with one of those gravies that you would straight-up drink, if you could...  Looking at their menu, there are many other delicious-sounding dishes I am excited to try...  So happy to experience yet another of the great cuisines that make living here so amazing!  Return visits are a MUST!!!笑
Delicious! Food truck eats in the summer - Queen Street eats year round! Pick up their frozen samosas for at home enjoyment! One of my top picks for Toronto food!笑
Delicious! So flavorful and fresh, it didn't even matter that there wasn't seating. Will definitely be going back and keeping an eye out for the food truck.笑
My husband and I loved their Samosas! I just went there today to buy some and found out they're shut down now :( I hope they update where they moved, it's is definitely my favourite samosa in the city.笑
Amazing flavours, lovely owners that will take time to explain the ingredients and preparation.  All made with love and pretty much everything can be made vegetation (and I think gluten free).  Stopped into their food court location and my mouth was so so so happy!  

It's grab-and-go, with a few stand-up tables.  We were there around 6pm so it was easy!  

Yummy!笑
Spectacular! !! Tried the Veggie and chicken samosas...wonderful!   Also had trade mark sabaya wrap AHmazing! !
Take out counter no seating笑
I bumped into the food truck at Trinity Bellwoods park last summer and just loved it. A friend is from Somalia and speaks perfect Italian and I always wanted to try somalian cuisine. I missed my chance for a goat platter out in San Jose, CA so now I can go local (within 100km) of course.

Their truck is bright blue with a photo of their super Samosas. The claim East African Food but hey lets go by Country shall we fellow Yelpers!

I was off to BMV on Queen street (its now closed) and ran into the market food lane to warm up and saw their booth. Hmmmmm    bingo bingo bango

Have the Beef Samosas of course and they are not greasy 

I had their beef and veggie dish served up on Sabaya which is a somalian flatbread. They are nicely spiced but I expected hotter but dont worry they have hot sauce to squirt on it.

They love to use garlic, cilantro and red onions in their cooking.

I plan to go back and enjoy their Soor dish which includes grits or white cornmeal as opposed to rice. I also need to have some goat

Aisha and Ahmed are two very hard working and very happy chefs. They are doing what they love and really has taken the food truck idea into a restaurant for the winter. If may stay afterwards in the summer along with the food truck who knows but I do know one thing YOU GOTTA EAT HERE.笑
SO TASTY! I love the Sabaya Wrap with beef. The wrap is crispy and the beef is very tasty. The spices are excellent (not too spicy, but with enough flavours). I also tried the samosas and honestly it's the best I've ever tasted! There is a dip that you MUST taste along with the samosa! I'm honestly addicted.笑
They have some great vegan options like samaos, anjera and sabaya wrap. The owners are a husband wife team and super friendly. The location on Queen is probably temporary as the building is mostly empty. I also appreciate their effort to use organic ingredients as much as possible. Prices are reasonable given the portions!笑
FANTASTIC!! I found their food truck today at University and Gerrard and had the chicken sabaya roll. It was absolutely delicious! Stuffed full of veges like mushrooms, peppers, onions and tender chicken bursting with flavour. I got a touch of their awesome house hot sauce which added just the right amount of kick. Looking forward to trying out their other menu items too.笑
On some Thursdays, Kay & Mooy have a food truck on Bloor St East in front of the Manulife building. I happened to pass by their truck and give it a try. 

The staff in the truck were very helpful in explaining the menu items. Very friendly bunch and made my experience that much enjoyable. 

I had a Sabaya wrap with Chicken, Mushroom pepper onion lettuce carrot cheese and their specialty Sweet sauce. It tasted more like a savoury crepe than a wrap or a burrito. The wrap itself was nice and thin so I obviously made a bit of a mess while eating it. The sauce made it a bit sloppy but blended the flavours of the ingredients together. It was a great lunch option and I would love to try their either menu items. 

The lady next to me had a samosa. She ate it on the spot and demanded for another one because it was so good. I will be sure to try that next time.笑
i first noticed this place the last time I went to the Jerk Joint so out of curiosity, I tried Kal & Mooy the next time i was in the area.  This little place serves fresh and tasty food from mostly Somalia with some additional dishes inspired by neighbouring countries like Ethiopia.  I tried the goat and rice dish and the goat was amazingly tender while the rice was cooked perfectly.  What I loved even more was how the dish came with an abundance of vegetables.  And although nothing was all that hot or spicy, everything had fantastic flavour to it.  The lady serving the food is also super-friendly which is a definite plus.笑
I'd never tried this type of food before, but it was awesome.  The sauces are very flavorful, and the offerings are mostly gluten-free!