This is only my third time at Peixoto Coffee, and I already love it!  Their drinks taste great, it has perfect atmosphere and the service is more than outstanding.  I'm looking forward to future visits!笑
I love this place! Great coffee and cool environment. So happy that small places are here too improve coffee over the big chains.笑
The best atmosphere of coffee shops in the valley. The coffee is not as strong as other shop like Cartel and the Henry but very good qualitythis place stands out from other coffee shops for its cleanliness and aesthetic/comfortable interiors and cute location. Very expansive menu- I can't wait to go back ant try other drinks and food on the menu!笑
What is not to love.  Everything about Peixoto speaks to an amazing family who truly cares about their craft.  

This unique coffee shop just adds more charm to the downtown Chandler area. To be in this are and not stop by for a quick coffee is a shame.  From crop to cup is their motto and you can definitely taste it. 

I love all types of coffee, but usually will rate a place based on just a simple pour over. Black no frills, sugars or creams, and Peixoto does not disappoint.  Staff is extremely friendly and eager to answer questions or recommend their seasonal flavors or infused lattes with produce from Agritopia.  

Oh and for the hot days their Nitro Press cold brew is legit and should be the standard for all coffee shops.笑
http://thefreedomdigest.com/?p=869 - Check out my review here! LOVE THIS SHOP it is awesome and you didn't burn my almond milk. Tasted amazing!笑
Great Coffee!  Great Ambiance!   I love that the owner, a Brazilian, has her own coffee crop down in Brazil and sells it here.   They would never make a macchiato  incorrectly as Starbucks has ruined the language of real coffee.  This is a place who is a traditional coffee place for those who know the difference....笑
So I'm basing my review on one interaction and one cappuccino, but some places you know will do everything else right if they care so much about one cup.  First, the spot is lovely and they've done a great job on the interior.  Second, and more importantly, the baristas love and care about coffee.  Spencer and Lisa were great, and I enjoyed chatting with them about our favorite coffee spots.  My only complaint is that their shop isn't near my house in central Phoenix (expansion?).笑
Amazing coffee with a cool decor this is one of our favorite places for a great cup of Joe!笑
Great coffee and a very relaxing shop! This is a nice place to grab a cup of joe and meet friends or study. Service is quick and always friendly. The pastries go fast in the mornings, but sometimes there are other food vendors in there on the weekend that have delicious pastries/snacks as well.笑
I have been wanting to try this place since it opened.  Ordered a special vanilla bean latte and a cold brew with vanilla. The coffee is good.  The place is well decorated but not really a place where I would hang out for a long period of time.
Parking is available and very close.
The highlight was a Mexican chocolate macaroon which was out of this world.  Perfectly chewy and sweet.笑
Great matcha and the coffee is nice and strong. Lost one star only because they didn't have enough seats笑
Peixoto (pay-show-toe) is the real deal. The coffee is great, the space is beautiful, and the staff are all friendly and knowledgable. Not to mention they have some pretty fly gear. La Marzocco Linea, EK43, a beastly roaster, and a slew of manual brew devices - they made all the stops. I'm sure they'd do well anywhere in the valley, but their presence in Chandler is sorely needed. 

I love that they have their crop-to-cup program that sources raw coffee direct from the family farm of the owners in Brazil. I heard about this and was both excited and worried they wouldn't serve other single origin offerings. Thankfully they do have a few coffees to choose from. I had their full natural Ethiopian Yirgacheffe and it was wonderful. Their espresso was delightful - really well balanced with a big syrupy body, light sweetness and light acidity. I'm looking forward to exploring their coffees further!

Peixoto is a stellar addition to the Phoenix coffee community and I'm excited to see them grow! Go check them out!笑
Chandler finally has an amazing coffee shop! Must try the espresso and also enjoy the beautiful atmosphere of the place :)笑
I stopped in to get something refreshing to drink after lunch. I ordered a cold brew and it was fantastic! Smooth and delicious! My friend and I sat outside and chatted for hours. Great vibe here!

Went there again and tried their lemongrass lemonade. It will blow your mind!笑
This place is amazing from the cool local coffee shop atmosphere to the fact that they grow their own coffee beans through family members. The Coffee is amazing and I'm a big fan of the chemex!I look forward to their pretty lattes in the fall! Next time I'm in I plan on ordering the nitro coffee which is supposed to be comparable to a coffee flavored stout without the alcohol which is super creative! Who needs starbucks!笑
Honestly one of the best coffeeshops around... I just enjoyed a delicious pour-over brewed from fresh-roasted beans that was nothing short of fabulous... Great vibe, decor, service, and attention to quality at this place left me extremely satisfied. Go here if you want to be blown away!笑
I love coming to this place for the atmosphere! The decor and music selection give this place a really cool vibe. I recommend coming here if you want to linger a little longer to ponder about life and the universe while you enjoy your cup of coffee or tea. 

What to order? 
I recommend the chai tea as it's tasty and not too sweet.笑
Best coffee I have had in AZ and better than some places I've tried in Seattle even. I've introduced my coffee snob friend to it and he loves the place too. My wife loves their hot chocolate (even though it's a touch too much on the sweet side for her). Friendly baristas that remember you if you start showing up on a semi-regular basis. Anytime I need coffee, I try to go there even if they're out of the way at the time.笑
Can you say funky-hip coffee shop in downtown Chandler?...I knew you could!  Yes, this place has great coffee but the employees are what makes the place great.  Super friendly staff.  Try the Nitro!笑
Pay show tow  = Peixoto. That's how you pronounce the family name who discovered this Brazilian coffee family business! And I'm glad they continued the local art of coffee! 

The gentleman behind the counter was very very knowledgable with each drink listed on the menu for each one that I asked as they were unique than the usual corporate coffee makers.

The entire area of seatings all were unique pieces and varied with a couple cozy couches, small coffee tables, large picnic like table and some high bar stools, etc. if I remember correctly. The Lighting was great during the day time. 

Their peppermint chocolate mocha was absolutely delicious and topped with their house made marshmallows, a sprig of fresh mint and a heart designed by the barista!! This dreamy beverage will capture your heart and soul!! 

Knowledgable and family-like staff and nice atmosphere to lounge around. Have to try the rest of the menu for the new year!笑
Nice coffee shop downtown, music a bit loud, coffee decent and not to pricey. Good Internet that you can log onto, such as Cox. Worth trying!笑
It's a coffee shop.  A nice coffee shop.  They have cold brew on nitro which is interesting and unique.  The prices are ok.  The location is great.  It is clear these people care about coffee more than you care about what you do.  So that's nice.笑
CHANDLER: YOUR COFFEE UPGRADE IS HERE!

Phoenix has a long history of specialty coffee culture, but it has taken until now for a truly authentic crop-to-cup coffee shop to sprout in the desert. Calling Peixoto a "coffee shop" does not do it justice. Peixoto is a roaster/retailer of truly world-class specialty coffee. 

Brewed Coffee: full-bodied and more in line with the style of coffee in New York and Chicago. A+

Espresso: Big, rich body surrounded by notes of red fruit and spice. They use La Marzocco and they know how to use it. A+

Slow bar/manual coffee: Chemex, Hario and Kalita brewers. As I said about their drip/filter coffee, no one comes close to the body Peixoto is able to achieve. They do not subscribe with tea-like body with zero sustain. A+

Usually décor is not something I even comment on because it is all about the coffee, but holy cow. Peixoto is an absolute design gem. Wood paneling and concrete countertops throughout, Peixoto is like a modern log cabin. 

Staff: No judgment, not pretensions. This is customer service oriented toward adults. 

Overall: This is the only third-wave operation in Arizona that has outgrown the early 2000's coffee Taliban mentality. They have a good product and they want to try it. They are friendly and knowledgeable. One of the most unique outfits in Arizona and maybe all of the West.笑
AWESOME COFFEE! The atmosphere and customer service are always awesome. I love the coffee so much I buy the beans to roast at home!笑
Single origin, single lot, single farmer, literally crop to cup, all provided by one Brazilian family! Amazing!

Just a wonderful original coffee shop that I would never expected to find in the middle of Arizona, but so glad I did! This is a must try when in the area, seriously, I don't know of any other coffee shops that can brag about such a direct path of coffee. They farm it, the roast it, the bag it, and the serve it! Talk about cutting out the middle man. 

Great atmosphere, down to earth, modern rustic feel, that makes you feel right at home. The baristas are knowledgable and friendly, they are meticulous in serving you the very best cup of coffee whether it's simple or complicated. :) Offerings include an impressive drip, pour overs, lattes, espressos, and even affogatos! Tip: Try one of the seasonal specials. :D

Just don't be in a rush, good coffee takes time to brew, patience is a virtue. :)笑
I think that it was a pretty cool looking place and that the staff was nice but that the price of the cappuccino was a bit high. After getting one small cappuccino and then tipping one dollar it cost me five dollars! Also the cappuccino wasn't even that great.  I guess I hold my standards pretty high to the authentic Italian one I got.  Also I saw that people had posted pictures of awesome looking food and when I got there there were only these breadstick looking things.  I'm not sure if there is a menu somewhere as I didn't see one posted or on any table.

All in all I would like to give this place another try in the future..笑
Peixoto is the valleys best coffee shop. With their farm to store approach, and amazing roasting style, the downtown chandler coffee shop is a must go. At this point I have tried everything on their menu, including most special items, and I have not been disappointed. My new personal favorite is an Arnold Palmer made with the cascara tea, is a great way to beat the Phoenix heat. 

The staff is incredible, friendly, knowledgeable and inviting. They all seem proud, and genuinely happy to be at work. 

On top of the great coffee, they also partner with local Arizona bakery's including proof bread, so while enjoying any of their beverages you can also have a perfectly flakey Pain Au Chocola.笑
I absolutely love this coffee shop! We come here all the time. The staff are very informative and definitely know their products! They are very fast and their coffee is always amazing. I love how they use local milk and syrups that are made in house.笑
Friendly staff, very helpful in helping you find the drink you are looking for. The cashier suggested a drink that wasn't on the menu for me and it was amazing.笑
Great coffee shop in Chandler. Offers several types of espresso-based drinks as well as drip coffees. Staff is very friendly and welcoming to their customers. The decor is laid back and makes you want to hang around a bit longer. 
Highly recommend stopping by for your next caffeinated beverage.笑
Just a real friendly environment! Some people were having a birthday, offered me some cake....wasn't too loud for work, which is what I was there for. Said hi to someone near me, being polite, and we start taking. Coffee is good... interesting variations.笑
Always good coffee and even better service.  A little hard to find, but worth coming to downtown Chandler if you want good, roasted in site, coffee.笑
I don't usually need to go far for a good cup of coffee but I was willing to make the track down to Chandler for this place. I am a big fan of expresso drinks but I also love a good cup of coffee and when it is good, you don't need to add anything to it. We order a latte and a pour over and they were on the house as they were running a special if you purchased a pound of their freshly roasted beans, you could get your drinks complimentary (I love deals!).  I opted for the pour over since that is sort of the way I grew up drinking coffee. In Brazil, we drink cafezinhos, where the coffee is strained by passing through a cloth filter into a thermos to be enjoyed through the morning or afternoon. It is not the same method but I feel it yields similar results. We enjoyed our coffee with a vegetarian and a breakfast empanada, which were very tasty. I hope to come back to see the roasting in action.笑
Pretty dam good coffee but I said iced not hot. Great atmosphere and damn good coffee. Pricey but I'll go back.笑
Great little local business on the square in downtown Chandler. Super service, everyone ultra friendly but not "up in your business" friendly. Fantastic coffee options, this is AUTHENTIC. Gotta try this is you're a java junkie.笑
Since the Urban Tea Loft sadly shut its doors a few years ago, there's been a vacuum in the downtown Chandler area's non-alcoholic scene. Here to fill the void is Peixoto (pay-SHOW-toe) Coffee: a little family owned, locally roasted cafe. My only complaint is the cramped sitting area, I didn't find it very comfortable to engage in my studies. However if you plan on putting your MacBook away for five seconds and maybe reading one of those paper things, I absolutely recommend this place. Not only can one expect the favorites-- you know, your lattes and Americanos, Peixoto also has few tricks up their sleeves. Taking the cold brew baton and passing it to its fresher, sparklier, nitrogenated cousin, they are sure to have every weebly blogging iphonographer from here to 7th and Mcdowell riding their fixed gears down to Peixoto to taste this delectable nectar. But! Not only have they taken the best of coffee and the best of craft beer and combined them into the most refreshing cup of coffee imaginable, they've also managed to craft some hocus pocus over tea and coffee and turn them into the same thing! What kind of quantum tomfoolery is going on behind that bar?! I tip my hat to you Peixoto, you mad scientists, you've upped the game just a little bit, and right in the sweet heart of the 4-8-0 too. Homie dis chandluh.笑
This is the cutest shop! Owner and all employees are so friendly and sweet, always willing to answer any questions. And the coffee, equally as amazing!笑
Always a great atmosphere to get stuff done.   Love bringing clients here,  their set up allows us to collaborate without feeling like we are intruding on others.笑
My favorite coffee spot.  Their seasonal drinks are great.  Lavender latte was delicious and their current iced coconut drink is very tasty without being too sweet like most places.笑
Apparently I've driven past this place for quite awhile and never noticed it was an amazing coffee shop until a few weeks ago. I had been complaining that Chandler had no good coffee shops within a mile radius of my house and then our Coffee Gods shined down upon this place. 

This is a classic coffee shop - there aren't any ice cream drinks on the menu (sorry high school freshmen) but there are all kinds of espresso drinks that will jack you right up so you can make it through any god awful Sunday brunches with your less than desirable family members.笑
This is one of best cafes in Phoenix for those who are real coffee aficionados.

I wouldn't rank it against a place like Cartel both their quality is so good it's pointless saying one is better than the other.笑
OK! This place is awesome for delicious coffee, friendly casual atmosphere and giant windows to watch the world go by while enjoying some of the smoothest cold-brewed coffee I've EVER had!

This is how coffee is supposed to be enjoyed... prepared by knowledgeable  EXPERTS to bring out the fullest flavors of the coffees from various regions. 

Enjoy!笑
Haven't had a drink at this establishment I didn't love.   Coffee is smooth- no bitter / burnt taste . Wonderful people, environment and the best coffee!!  My only wish is that they had longer hours ! I'd love to be able to pop by before work!

Update- When I wrote my review I thought they opened at 7am-  A 6am open time means I can enjoy a cup while driving to work !!笑
Peixoto is my favorite coffee shop in the valley! Julia and her family are incredible and I'm so thankful they began this crazy journey to begin Peixoto. I truly feel like family when I walk into this place. 

My go to iced drink is the cascara and my favorite hot drink is the seasonal Caramel Latte. I also use their coffee at home, you can't go wrong. 

Highly recommended!笑
Very good! Atmosphere is really cool, and coffee is great! They don't have flavor syrups...but if you ask me, that's how it should be. Blend of coffee is slightly fruity, but also deep and full like a French roast. I normally am not a huge fan of fruitier blends, but this was very satisfying! Friendly service as well!笑
So delicious! Excellent customer service and a wonderful selection of unique high quality coffee and tea beverages.笑
This is my favorite coffee shop in Arizona! Their coffee is amazing and you can really taste the quality in it. I have liked every item I've tried at peixoto and would highly recommend this place to anyone. All the workers are very knowledgeable about the product and are willing to answer any questions you may have.笑
love this coffee shop and it has ton's of parking. It is small inside but I love the decor. They have pop up vendors on sunday that serve food for additional cost.笑
Down-tempo place to get some good coffee or light pastries.  Not much food selection, but great atmosphere and tasty espresso!笑
Awesome coffee shop for those who can appreciate the value of a pour over.笑
My friend and I visited here this afternoon for the first time after seeing it posted online. Upon arrival, the barista explained their coffee bean process to us. I told him we usually ordered frapuccinos at Starbucks and that I didn't like their coffee because it is so strong and bitter. Even Dunkin Donuts' coffee is too strong for me, but my husband likes their coffee. My friend ordered a large white chocolate iced latte and didn't like it; she couldn't taste the white chocolate at all. I ordered a large iced latte and enjoyed the fact it wasn't strong and bitter like Starbucks. Then I spotted a cute little round cake and the barista said it was guava cake, so I just had to try it! OMG! It had a wonderfully unique flavor and was very moist! I think it was the best cake I've ever had! The coffee shop was crowded around 1:00 PM when we were there. I would definitely recommend this coffee shop to others.笑
Having a rough morning? Need some jet fuel to find the will to get to work? Well they don't sell that but the coffee at Peixoto is the perfect supplement for Jet Fuel without having to call poison control (seriously don't drink Jet fuel or you're gonna have a bad time).

This small coffee shop in Downtown Chandler is always busy with a wide range of people coming in for their daily cup of control. There's a definite hipster vibe in the decor with plenty of comfortable seating. The staff is always friendly and quick to offer a recommendation if you're not sure what you want. 

I've enjoyed their Nitro Coldbrew Coffee and their seasonal Hot Menta Mocha. Their Nitro has the look and consistency of a Nitro Beer and a kick that will make it difficult to sleep for a week. While I have not partaken in this myself, they have started making Nitro Gelato Floats in recent months so you can get your dessert on while fueling up for an all nighter. Or have gelato for breakfast, no judgements. 

The hot Menta Mocha was to die for. The perfect winter drink to warm up to with a nice balance of fresh peppermint, chocolate, and coffee. Best way to keep warm on our "cold" winter days. 

If you're in the Downtown area and need a quick boost, Peixoto is the place to go! They also sell their coffee beans to take home starting at $10 and up based on region of origin so you can bring a bag of addiction home with you if you want to save the daily trip.笑
I came upon this place while taking a stroll near my hotel.  Upon entering, you can quickly tell that this is a serious coffee spot.  The menu has a good selection including handpours, cortado and others.  They roast their own coffee in house too.  I can say that the cappuccino and cortado were both top notch.  I also grabbed a couple pounds of coffee to take home.

They support local businesses and you'll see some featured pastries.  Don't miss out.  I live in portland and can say this place is just as good.  Drink well my friends笑
It's very exciting to have a third wave coffee shop here in the East Valley! The location is perfect and the shop's atmosphere is fantastic. It reminds me of shops in Seattle, with the quality (of both equipment and barista) to match.

Their employees love their craft, and it shows with their attention to detail, such as the latte art, and weighing not only pour-over, but every dose of espresso instead of trusting their Mazzer Robur. I enjoyed talking about coffee with them, and tried espresso, cappuccino, and cold-brew, all of which were great. My friend had the Aeropress and loved it. II AAMM AA LLIITTLLEE JJIITTEERRYYYYY right now. 

I will definitely be back to try more of their offerings!笑
The coffee is very good but sometimes just too strong to handle. There is not much as far as food or snacks. Price is a little high but definitely a high quality coffee for certain coffee drinkers.笑
Heard about this place and gave it a shot. Tried the Nitro Cold Brew and hubby had the Peppermint Mocha. We were very impressed and we didn't add any sweetener or anything which is rare for both. Coffee was yummy! The service was top notch, friendly and knowledgeable--- something that always helps when it's your first time. Will definitely return.笑
The staff was friendly and helpful. The coffee was amazing. I will definitely be back... So sad it is not closer.笑
Disclosure: I am not an avid coffee drinker.  To be honest, I can't even have caffeine, BUT I love Peixoto!  They make a mean decaf latte always accompanied by a whimsical design in the foam. They offer great pastries in the AM; side note get there early or everything yummy will sell out; they have a great environment inside which is a mix of hustle and of coffee chatter. Oh and they're family owned and operated. You gotta love that!笑
Friendly, knowledgeable staff
Precise, excellent coffee

I am never disappointed after a visit to Peixoto. If you're in the general PHX area and have a penchant for delicious coffee (hand-crafted or otherwise), this is a must-stop.笑
This place is awesome. I don't frequent downtown Chandler that often, but this places makes me want to come back. They have plenty of seating and everything I've had has been fabulous, especially the cookies. The nitro cold brew is amazing and makes me wish I could do that at home! But, to be fair I've also had a tea latte and that also was amazing. I'll be back!笑
This is one of my go-to coffee shops. The staff is so friendly and very knowledgeable. I always ask for recommendations and I'm never disappointed. It is sometimes difficult to find a seat, but there is also outside seating available.The decor is great, and the parking is close, which is super convenient.  Love the cool vibe and atmosphere!笑
Read about this place in phoenix new times and immediately wanted to check it out. This feeling was only reinforced by a friend's hearty recommendation. And I must say this place certainly lived up to my high expectations! The vibe and decor are trendy/hip but not overly pretentious. And most importantly of all, the coffee is delicious! I had the salted caramel latte and it was the perfect level of sweetness (not too sweet). Plus they buy local! What a great new addition to DTC. Will definitely be coming back.笑
Peixoto gets my five star vote for quality, atmosphere and service. I randomly stumbled across this place while searching for coffee in yelp and figured I'd give it a try. I was not disappointed!

The service is very friendly and there isn't a whiff of the snooty attitude you might experience at other coffee roasting/speciality locations (aka cartel). The cold brew is very good and is on tap while the espresso doesn't have a hint of bitterness! In addition to the classic espresso options they also have a few house creations which are equally delicious. The atmosphere is very trendy and industrial, but still comfortable. I would suggest this as a number one pick for your caffeine fix!笑
Loved it. We're craft coffee snobs. Worth checking out. Who knew 'farm-to-table' concept translated to coffee so well.笑
Had a White Mocha before court and it was absolutely fantastic. I love their coffee it has a round mild roasted flavor to it. The staff was very nice and welcoming. The shop itself looks awesome. The whole ambience just gives the coffee a little extra touch that makes it more delicious. The coffee is worth every penny for the high quality. This place puts Star Bucks and Co. to shame...笑
Our new weekend coffee shop. Absolutely love this place. Great decor, service, and most importantly coffee! The nitro cold brew is awesome, wife loves the latte's, and kids love the Brazilian cakes!笑
Like no coffee shop I have ever been to. Its quaint, its intimate, and its exotic. I have no clue how to say the name, but the product is phenomenal. Try the pour over. It takes a few extra minutes, but you wont be disappointed!笑
Trendy upbeat coffee shop in the heart of Chandler downtown. Nice hangout place. Usually packed of the weekends. Loved their Afogato and mocha. Unfortunately could not try their bakery products as they were out of them. Definitely a must go place in Chandler.笑
Love this place! Finally  a great place in Chandler where I can sit back and enjoy coffee! My favorite so far are Espresso, Nitro and  Pour Over. 
I am from Europe and here in the United States it is one of those "European" style places where the owner will come and join you for a coffee and talk. Not a huge-chain-starbucks.
And the coffee is amazing as well.

Two thumbs up!笑
I am not proud to admit that in my past life, I could only drink coffee loaded with sugar. Thankfully, I now  know better. 

I recently found out about Peixoto while simultaneously Yelping and doing planks (multi-tasking is the norm nowadays; don't judge). I knew I had to give this place a try as there are only a handful of coffee shops within the Phoenix metro area that serve nitro-infused cold brew. Thankfully, Peixoto did not disappoint. Their nitro cold brew is so smooth and drinkable and pairs well with Brazilian cheese bread.  

On a side note, the shop is well designed. Exposed brick and industrial fixtures are quite easy on the eyes.笑
I've only had the coconut cold brew -- but it was delicious. The comfortable, relaxed atmosphere is met with the greetings of a very kind staff. A must for the coffee lover.笑
You have to try this place!  I don't leave a lot of reviews, but this is a great place to go.  Went in for the first time and ended up ordering the coconut ice pressed coffee, while I was waiting I realized they served nitro cold brew coffee.  I have been looking for a place that served it here in phx, and when I saw it I had to order it.  I walked out with two drinks for myself, and loved both of them.  Downtown Chandler was needing something like this.  it's definitely not your average coffee shop!笑
Great ambience and delicious coffee. The staff is genuinely friendly and this place was very busy for a Friday morning! I'm visiting my parents from the east coast and I will definitely be coming back to this place a bunch before I head home.笑
The coffee was great and the shop was busy! Oh and the barista called everything "this little guy!" Haha. Great location with free parking close by. Wonderful!!笑
Cute little coffee shop in Downtown Chandler! Packed with style and most importantly, excellent coffee. The owners are super friendly and have a passion about their coffee. All roasted in house and the flavor is amazing! I've had their iced latte with white chocolate and their PSL latte. I honestly can't remember when I've had such good coffee! I'm looking forward to trying their apple cider next, also brewed in house. Definitely worth a stop in to try!笑
My favorite study and hang out spot! The environment is great, baristas are friendly, and most important the coffee is so pure and delicious.笑
Love the coffee here. Sweetened with natural ingredients, staff is always friendly and the atmosphere is great.Good to see a local coffee shop that serves up a delicious latte.笑
I am in a constant search of good coffee in Chandler... 

Pay-Sho-Tow..

Ok. The reviews were excellent - I had to check them out. The prices were as comparable to the green mermaid logos. As I walked in (10 in the morning), it was full of customers. Wow... 

Well, I had to put them to a test...
I ordered a macchiato.. The barista's exact words were - "Do you know what a macchiato is?....REALLY...?? He tried to explain to me. ..I told him I already knew, that's why I'm ordering it... I was in a good mood, so I took it as the barista was trying to be helpful. Arrogantly helpful.....
The coffee came - looked good. I took it outside as it was packed inside and started to taste it. It was just ok. Just ok.

My thoughts:
Ambience - (+3) 
Barista's knowledge - (+4)
Pricing - (-3)
Taste - (+3)
Pastries - (-4)
TOTAL = 3 

I'll be back for a latte and ask for a cappuccino process flow...Or an espresso machine schematic drawing.笑
This is the best coffee place I have ever been to!!! The atmosphere is great and they make the BEST latte!!!!笑
An amazing atmosphere with a friendly staff and amazing selection of tastes and styles of coffee. Definitely a step above most coffee hangouts. A new favorite of ours.笑
Good local place for coffee.. prices are competitive and the coffee is good... staff is friendly. Wifi is available and it's usually pretty crowded... when I've gone in before getting a seat isn't a given as it's not super large. Usually it has lots of people camped out working, etc.笑
if you've been to Coffee Cartel you'll enjoy this coffee shop.  pour overs' and chemex are available.  they have a specialty Brazilian coffee from the owners' family plantation that is highly recommended.  they also serve lattes and other specialty coffee drinks.笑
We've tried other nitro around the area and they by far are the best. I love their coffee it gives me a lot of energy and is smooth all day. The new holiday flavors are really great. Cold cocoa nibs is very tasty as well as the peppermint mocha ! I love that they let you add your syrups .笑
Timely tastes for the month include a smokey hued vanilla latte made with vanilla bean and a hint of simple syrup.  Superb.笑
Was in the area for a business trip and looked up cafes in the area.  So glad this place came up.  Ordered a cold brew due to the Arizona heat and it was delicious. It appeared they had a great selection of different beans and methods to brew, which is awesome. Recommend if you are in the area.笑
I am here literally every day. I have nothing but incredible things to say about this shop. Julia and the whole Peixoto crew are some of the best people. It's my favorite place to come drink coffee as well as read and write. 

Every single drink on the menu competes or exceeds against any specialty shop in AZ as well as beyond. 

I am super stoked for what is in store for my favorite shop and I am thankful that they have brought great coffee to Chandler!笑
Came over for a quick Latte before Black Friday shopping...latte was on point!!! I'll sure to be bac笑
I've been wanting to try this coffee shop for a long time now, I found it on yelp and I fell in love with the pictures. The way they do their coffee is exactly the way I like it. So this week, my boyfriend and I decided to try it out, well the pictures don't lie, this place is the cutest place ever. The decoration, the atmosphere, the music, the staff, everything was perfect. 
We both got an espresso, it was maybe a bit too bitter but the way they served it was just adorable. We sat at the bar, and the barista was super nice. He told us all about the different kind of coffee they have at the shop and the way they brew it. He even asked us if we ever tasted cold brew and since we had not, he gave us a few simple and explain all about it, I forgot to ask for his name but it was a blond gentleman, very polite and nice.
We will definitely be back, we actually found out that the shop is 10 minutes from our work, this is just perfect! Next time we need to try their latte and cappuccino.笑
Get the pour/over home grown blend (Brazilian). Outstanding!  Julia (the owner) is so sweet and so very proud as this has been her family farm for generations. Heck, she grew up on this coffee farm and talk about memorable tasting!  Oh so good...笑
Stopped in with the fam to try out the new joint. This turned out to be an excellent decision!

The iced toddy was delicious. you have the option of drinking it out of a cold mason jar for the same price as a small, and that made it retain it's coldness. I got the last green chile pork empanada. It was awesome!  Flaky crust and the meat inside was flavorful and moist even though it was under a heat lamp. I tried my mother-in-law's blueberry muffin (read: ate half of) and that was really good too. She loved her latte.

They allow you to dress up your coffee with organic sugar cane syrup at the creamer station. At first I was bummed they didn't offer flavors (I love vanilla iced toddies) but the coffee is so good you don't need to distract yourself from that authenticity with artificial flavoring. A dash of sugar cane syrup gave me the sweetness I craved just fine.

Also- I LOVED the decor. My mil said it felt like Portland. I have to agree. There is a wall behind the barista counter that looks like it popped out of Pinterest. So cute.

We met the owner and you can tell he is proud of his establishment and aims to uphold a high standard of goods and service. 

See ya next week, Peixoto!笑
Being someone who only has a limited tolerance for black coffee, Peixoto has opened my mind(and tastebuds) to the enjoyment of the simple, yet complex) taste of the unsweetened dark liquid. 

I highly recommend Peixoto for any one who is new to coffee, and to all coffee enthusiasts, as their originality exists within their flavors, drinks, and scientific exploration. 

The staff is more than friendly, and are quite possibly the loveliest people I have yet to encounter. They take the time to share the interesting information about their coffee. Absolutely outstanding customer service!!笑
My favorite coffee shop, we come here about twice a week. Great place to get some work done or visit with a friend. Baristas are friendly and knowledgeable, and the seasonal menu is always fun.笑
The perfect alternative to the chain coffee shops. 
Friendly staff and casual environment. Limited patio seating but worth-it if you can grab an outdoor seat.笑
This is a cozy, local coffee house that boasts of going from crop to cup! I got a cold brew with their simple syrup and almond milk. It was simply AMAZING!!! I highly recommend getting the empanadas too!笑
This place is the perfect addition to Downtown Chandler. If you are looking for a relaxed atmosphere, amazing coffee and company then this is the place.

There is plenty of free parking right next door which makes it easy access. When you first walk in the whole place gives off such an amazing feel. There is brick on the wall with a picture of where the coffee comes from. The owner's family owns the plantation where the coffee beans are grown. You can tell they take pride in their business and their product.

The staff are all friendly and make you feel like you are part of their family. The menu is very simple but they're always adding new items depending on the season. My favorite drink is the white chocolate mocha. The chocolate in the drink is from a local company that makes gourmet chocolate. Every detail is considered when making these drinks. Their nitro brews are amazing and one of the best that we have found in the valley. Every time I take a picture of it, my friends are dying to know where I got it from.

What is great is you can see the roasting process often when you are sitting there because they roast the beans in house. They have tons of products you can take home as well. My fiance is always buying a bag to take home and goes on about how it's his favorite coffee in AZ. 

They also do coffee bars at events and we are currently coordinating one for our wedding in November. All of our guest are excited and we are excited to make it part of our special day. 

They do a lot of partnerships with local small businesses, which is what I love. Small businesses are an important part of our communities and make our experiences unique. There are some days they offer pour over classes, we keep missing it but hope to attend one soon.

If you love real coffee that isn't all artificial flavoring then check this place out. I will drive the distance just for a cup of relaxation. Absolute perfection!笑
Had a pour over of their Brazil single-origin coffee from the owner's family farm.  So good.  Nice atmosphere, great service, right size.  I would recommend it.笑
Hands down. Five stars. Not a problem with anything. 
Aka best of the best. Save me a seat.笑
This place had a great cold brew with a fresh smooth taste and my son LOVED his chocolate milk. Really cool atmosphere and decor. The staff was very friendly and positive. Loved the location in downtown Chandler also.笑
Our experience was awesome.  We happened across this little coffee shop by accident and could not believe the fun we had.  We came out of there with an Awesome coffee buzz.  We had to try everything.  It was our first experience with Chemex coffee and pour overs.  We also had to have a Growler of Cocoa Nib cold brew to go.  We will be back Service was great all of the Baristas were very knowledgeable and helpful.  We learned a lot, drank a bunch of coffee and had a great time.笑
Visited Peixoto yesterday morning - truly a Chandler GEM. Had the nitro cold coffee - it's as good as it gets. Staff is welcoming, knowledgeable and truly passionate about great coffee! We have found our coffee shop!笑
My family stumbled across this coffee shop and ordered the lemonade, brownie, chocolate chip cookie, Brazilian cheese balls and a tea... WOW hidden secret and fabulous food, drinks, atmosphere and the owners and staff are wonderful!!!笑
Peixoto is a breath of fresh air in Chandler. Everything they make, brew and do is incredible. I'm here almost everyday and the consistancy of the product always amazes me. I cannot tell you how lucky I feel to live in the same city as Peixoto. If you drink coffee, please do yourself the favor of trying Peixoto, it will change the way you look at your cup of joe.


If I could rate Peixoto 10 stars I would.笑
If you're in Arizona...Chandler is worth visiting just to experience the joyful flavor of Peixoto's single origin coffees. Make no mistake! This is no standard coffee shop with uncertain baristas. This is real coffee, real people, and amazing beans! After visiting Peixoto for over 6 months now. The flavors and aromas have remained consistent. So happy they're located in the city which I reside.笑
By far the best coffee in Chandler Az, and one of the best in Phoenix for sure. I tried the primavera latte today and it was excellent- a refreshing twist on a standard latte. It is always the same excellent experience here and their consistency keeps me coming back!笑
What a great place!  I wish I lived closer or I would be here everyday.  My first time trying cold brew coffee and it was delicious.  I ordered the coconut cold brew!  They serve coffee in mason jars and the baristas are very welcoming.  I will definitely be back!笑
A friend told us about this coffee shop. Went in today and loved their coffee. We ordered a Cap and vanialla iced coffee. They make most of their flavors from scratch and made the coffee taste much better. It was definitely packed on a sunday morning but worth the trip笑
11.25 for two 12oz cups. The espresso shots were off like they had been sitting at the bar way to long, weren't espresso roast, or roasted properly. My date expressed her americono which looked like cafe americono that I would have gotten in europe didn't have a bite but a awkward flavor. Been apart of many coffee roasters and a baristas in the USA and Europe and something is wrong. Just a pretty place with overrated coffee. Won't be back.笑
Great place to sit, relax and meet w friends. I'm normally not a black coffee drinker but the barista convinced me that I didn't need cream and to just try it. I did and it is roasted to perfection.  They truly take pride and ownership in making you a perfect cup of coffee. A great way to sit back and enjoy the day with Peixoto!笑
Love this place. Best coffee in Chandler...period! If you don't understand something, the baristas are more than happy to explain.笑
Cute coffee shop. Prices were pretty average. Tried a mocha and it was delicious. No gross syrups, actual chocolate! This isn't a place to go if you're looking for a quick drink, as they put a lot of time into each one they make, but if you've got some time and want to hang out for a bit it's definitely worth a visit.笑
This is a great little coffee shop. The service is great and the coffee is really wonderful.笑
Wow! What a caffeine gem in the center of Chandler! I walked in and could not believe how hopping this place is. The staff was amazingly friendly and really helpful when they had some items that I wanted to learn about. I ordered an iced Casara. It's a tea made from coffee beans and it has an amazingly smooth taste - while also being a great pick-me-up. The coffee shop and a couple of its neighbors share restrooms creating what I believe is a more sustainable design. There were a lot of power outlets to use and of course, free wifi. Good music playing in the background but not too loud so that I couldn't have a conversation. Very chill spot that I'll visit again when in the East Valley.笑
If you're looking for a really good cup of coffee, intimate setting, varied table and seating arrangements, and a decent amount of outlets, you have to check out Peixoto Coffee!

I first checked out Peixoto Coffee off a Yelp review about a year ago and was glad I did! I'm a bit of a coffee snob after living in Seattle, and I'm so glad I found this place. The baristas are very friendly and knowledgable about the roasts, beans, and the coffee beans they sell. The best thing is that I haven't had any burnt espresso drinks yet! They have a great menu consisting of lattes, americano, drip, cold brew, nitro, mocha, chai, pour overs, teas, etc. They also offer a seasonal menu of specialty drinks they have come up with, both hot and cold options. There's a modest array of food options and there are several restaurants in the vicinity to fill your stomach. They sell mugs, bags of coffee beans, apparel and some other goods to represent Peixoto. 

When you order your drink(s), you have the option to add your phone number to start collecting stars towards a free drink. They also have an Instagram account, and if you upload and tag a photo you've taken at Peixoto, you have the chance to be chosen as one of their favorites that will be featured on their Instagram page. If you get selected, you get a free 8 oz. drink of your choice the next time you visit! Nice added bonus!

My favorite go-to drink is a non-fat vanilla latte. If you plan on staying a while to chat or study, they will pour your drink in a glass or coffee cup and they don't skimp on the volume. It's always filled to the very brim. Not only do I appreciate that the espresso isn't burnt, but the amount of flavoring and sweetness isn't overwhelming and is at the right amount.

In terms of ambience, it's a really cool, hipster, intimate space. It's a little cozy with cool art work, exposed brick, rustic wooden tables, and succulents placed about. There is seating at the window, at a few large tables, the bar, and outside. Internet is free and you can get the password from the barista. The only downside is that the bathroom is shared between the establishments in the building, so you have to exit the coffee shop through the other entrance and turn a corner to get to the bathrooms. Other than that, Peixoto Coffee is a must visit for any coffee fanatic!笑
want a break from Starbucks? then come here, this place is very cool and has wifi connection. i spent the last four hours here and no one harassed me! will come back again and again and again笑
Easily the best coffee in the southeast valley. The coffee is amazing and the staff equally so. The summer coconut cold brew is perfection. It's locally owned so keeping the dollars in your own 'hood is good too.笑
Coffee shop located on the corner of Boston St and Arizona Ave. The entrance is on Arizona Ave even though the address is on Boston St. 

Coffee: Really good. I mean this is pretty much the top ten coffee I've had in the Mesa-Gilbert-Chandler area. Gourmet coffee made fresh to order, no artificial flavors or sweeteners present. Slightly pricey. 

Atmosphere: Super chill, they play mostly non-lyrical music in the back that tends to get slightly loud. If you don't like any music, then bring headphones because it's hard to avoid. There's people talking here and there and the environment is set up such that there are people studying quietly and comfortable chairs/couches for social interaction.

Parking: Free parking in Chandler on the street and special parking for the coffee shop out back. 

Outlets/Wifi: Locked wifi but they give you the password. Outlets along the wall, not near the two big tables in the center so bring your cord extensions! 

Bathrooms are shared with the other establishments nearby but they're kept really clean and nice! 

Overall, I would probably come back here to do long term studying but they close at 6pm so make sure to come earlier in the day. Also the coffee is really good but slightly pricey so the long time commitment and free parking makes up for it.笑
LOVE!!! 
I would compare this to a microbrew of coffee. Excellent quality, no artificial fluff from the East Coast (you know which chain I am talking about)...
The ambience is sophisticated, yet comfortable. I definitely recommend.笑
Been here a few times and they're consistently top notch. Think we might pencil this place in on the regular. My only suggestion- open a location closer to our house in Gilbert!笑
Every time I go I get the nitro cold brew, it is amazing. Great place, great coffee, nothing else to say.笑
Their coffee is unbelievable, it takes a little longer than your average coffee shop but it's worth it. Make sure you get the Brazilian pour over it'll blow your mind.笑
Great coffee (got to admit, the Cortado was almost as good as at Liberty). What sold this place for me was the vanilla latte and the dude on the side that was making Green Chili Pork Chilliquiles.笑
Peixoto over Starbucks any day of the week (and I actually like Starbucks cus I'm a pleab). It costs about the same as Starbucks but the quality is so much better. Their lattes are to die for. The perfect amount of silky, smooth foam sitting on top of a bed of milk and espresso. Great for mornings or an afternoon pick-me-up. Mornings can get a little busy but they do a great job of getting your drink out quickly. 

Cute ambiance. I would quit my day job to become a writer just so I can sit in this cute little coffee shop.笑
Drinks-great. Layout- not so great. I realized after a few minutes I wasn't standing in the ordering line at all- I was accidentally standing where people pick up their orders- which is right by the front door.  I was confused and thrown off by the ordering counter being around the side a little bit. Menu on chalkboard makes it confusing as well. Drinks were great and quick service.笑
So many choices for coffee nowadays. What to do? Go to Quik Trip or Circle K and get something fast and at a good price? Go to Starbucks and select from what seems like an ever expanding menu that keeps vying for those dollars in your pocket? Or do you go to the local coffee shop, where they know your name there, and better appreciate your dollars spent there, versus the red and yellow or green and white Goliath?

The correct answer is to come here. The coffee beans come from the owner's family farm in Brazil, and you'll come to appreciate it when you have a cup. Everything about the place is quality. There is no drive thru, but that is entirely the point. A place isn't designed this well, with couches and seats and a bar and tables, without the express intent of its patrons enjoying the comfort there, along with their food or drinks. I strongly recommend this place for any of you coffee lovers out there. Their service is on point as well, and on each occasion I've been during the past few weeks, I consistently get the same high quality I've now come to expect. This place just opened a few months ago, and its already attracting a huge following. Its going to be BIG. Just remember where you heard it first. :)笑
They serve real coffee here! Loved everything about this coffee shop expect it's so far away from my house.

Located in downtown Chandler, came here on weekend while in the area. Ample of parking on the south side of the shop, it was easy to find.

Really liked their ambiance. Not sure if they offer Wifi or not but a lot of customers sat comfortably with a laptop and a cup of coffee.  I enjoyed my relaxing time while there.

Coffee itself have this good mildly acidity taste to it. Taste of coffee was an evidence of recently roasted properly from good quality beans.  

Service was excellent. Staff was very friendly.  Would definitely like to come back at every time I am in the area.笑
Super nice barista (guy version). Great drinks and great atmosphere! Will be back again to do more homework and get my coffee on!笑
Love the coffee, service, atmosphere!  New favorite coffee shop!笑
This place is great, I sat at the bar and was talked up by the staff. After a few minutes I began chatting with the "owner (I think) he was great and even took time to give me a short education on coffee. I'll be back for sure!笑
Quite simply the best! Presentation, service and taste! Great vibe and very friendly staff!笑
A great addition to downtown Chandler.  Friendly owners and staff.  A very cool interior and has plenty of comfortable seating options. We both tried the iced dolce de leite.  I don't usually opt for sweet drinks but it was pretty tasty.  We also tried a chocolate cupcake that we were told was from a local baker...it was excellent.  The have almond milk and soy as milk alternatives and also have organic cane syrup and raw unfiltered honey.笑
Great location, good coffee! Very nice baristas, great customer service. Very informative about their coffee and where it came from. Just not a lot of room in the coffee shop.笑
I do want to like this place. Like five stars kinda infatuation.
But they fell short on my iced mocha.
We ordered a regular mocha and an iced mocha. The regular one tasted delish, but my iced mocha is watery. I expected a better result from a coffee shop like this. 
The place is cute, and while they have some comfy couches, some of their bench/chairs aren't.笑
First time at this place, and it lived up to my expectations! The atmosphere and decor is very cozy and fresh, I felt warm and and welcome when I walked in. After seeing many Yelp reviews about the coconut cold brew, I decided to order that... and boy am I glad I did!!! It was a smooth cold brew, and the coconut flavor was so flavorful, but not too sweet (I like being able to taste the coffee!). If you like coconut and coffee, you will love this drink! I will definitely be back, there's so many other drinks I want to try!笑
A unique coffee shoppe with a good vibe!  Even though this place was busy the barrista created my cortado coffee with confidence and artistic detail.  This cortado was not my usual drink but with having a larger menu than your basic coffee houses, I figured why not branch out?  I love to try something new!  The cortado arrived with two shots of espresso with warm milk. Not hot, like the staff warned me prior. It was so beautifully done, I need to take a photo before I enjoyed it.  The pour over or chemex is net for me to try!笑
Great place.. good atmosphere.. it would be a fun place to stop by and grab a coffee I have only stoped into pick someone up but as far as I have seen it is a very nice place and somewhere I would go for a coffee!!笑
I'm a cold-brewed coffee fan. This is where myself and other cold-brewed coffee fans can find unity. 

The first time I came here, I had the nitro cold brew. What they do is they take their delicious cold brew, and nitrogenate it (think Guinness). This yields a creamy head where a cream-loving person like myself does not need to add it to enhance drinkability.

The last time I came here, I had the regular cold brew. This was probably the best cold brew I've ever had. 

FYI, it's pronounce Pay-show-toe. Enjoy!笑
They have the best coffee I've ever had, great service, and a great atmosphere.

Unfortunately they just changed their packaging on the coffee you can buy to brew at home and it's absolutely awful packaging. Their packaging use to look nice as well as be functional (opened easily and resealed easily to keep your coffee fresh). Now the packaging still looks nice but when you open the bag the force required to open it is quite a bit more but even if you cut it open the zip lock seal pulls off of one side and stays locked together. Still giving 5 stars because most people won't care about the packaging and it really is great coffee, I just store it in a different container now.笑
I absolutely love Peixoto.

From the unique drinks they offer to the cafe's trendy aesthetic, this place is incredible. Peixoto has seasonal menus which offers a variety of flavors and drinks for you to try! I personally love their cold brew because one season you will taste a bright, fruity flavor and another season it will be a smooth, tasty coconut flavor. Peixoto's mochas, matcha teas, and basically every other drink they have are worth trying. Not to mention, Peixoto has some of the kindest baristas i've ever met!

If you are in Chandler, you NEED to stop by Peixoto! They are my favorite coffee shop and I wouldn't be surprised if they become your favorite too.笑
I'm dreaming of a coffee shop in downtown Chandler where I can enjoy fantastic cold brew on a hot summer day, sit back on a couch with my laptop, and hum along to an indie playlist. Well, somebody upstairs must like me or something, because lo and behold, during my Yelp quest for coffee and wifi, Peixoto pops up on my radar. 

The brick interior walls sets framework for a nice ambience featuring old fashioned seating, lots of tables of varying sizes, and large windows to keep things feeling spacious. 

Cold brew was the first thing on my mind. They've got it. I ordered the coco-cold brew, which is coffee, coconut milk, and tasty little shavings of coconut on top. Delightful. Coffee and non-coffee drinkers will like it. In the future, I want to try out their nitro cold brew. 

If you're wishing to stay awhile, expect your drink served in a mason jar or ceramic coffee cup. When I'm in the mood to heat things up, I appreciate that you're given the option to choose from regular drip, espresso, or chemex brewed. There's even hot chocolate on the menu. Not sure what to order? The baristas seem like natural teachers, friendly and knowledgable. I've heard them happily explain the menu more than once. 

If you're a fan of Cartel, like me, this place looks to be cut from similar cloth. Check it out in Chandler!笑
Cool vibe and excellent coffee in a great downtown Chandler location.笑
OK, I have now come back a few times and love it. I have been buying 1lb whole bean for home and you cannot beat it. I also enjoy their Nitro Coffee and Iced Coffee. I think one item to take into consideration is that this coffee is stronger, I cut back on amount of grind per brew and fantastic. I cannot drink anything else now, just great fresh coffee. Staff inside are nice always seem happy and good vibe. Check it out, glad I came back for another try.笑
Awesome place to come chill and have a really good cup of coffee.  The Nitro cold brew is amazing so it's a list try.  Today I had the toasted coconut latte that went down so fast I may need to get another one!笑
I'm such a coffee snob, and this place is awesome.  Will be coming back.  I dig their nitro, which is a little better than stumptown's imo.笑
Very delicious cold brew. My wife loves the coconut cold brew. Get a growler, totally worth it. :) Oh, and their mochas are made with real chocolate so they're pretty good, too!笑
Pretty good coffee. I love the nitro floats! The seating can get a little busy but that's a good sign. Recommend it for sure.笑
Delicious crop to cup coffee that is roasted in house. This is not something you can typically find (especially in Chandler). The owner sources the beans directly from her father's farm in Brazil! It doesn't get any better than that! All ingredients are natural, so no artificial weird flavors overbearing on the coffee's richness and complexity. Seating may be cramped especially on weekends.笑
Gave it another try since they have nitro, the expresso double shot was almost undrinkable even though it had nice crema and texture, the nitro was ok but after tasting the expresso straight up There is just more I don't like then anything else, very pungent and has a very strong flavor I'm just not used to, it's worth trying if you like to try new stuff, way cool place though笑
I have been a coffee snob since I worked in a boutique coffee shop, in a small city in Ohio 20 years ago, that did ,in-store, small batch roasted coffee from all over the world. 
I am very picky about my coffee and was glad to find this little gem of a coffee shop  It has great atmospheres and friendly, knowledgeable staff.
I recommend trying the Nitro brew coffee.  It has a smooth flavor and creamy mouth-feel.  The white chocolate iced lattes are also a nice treat on a hot day.  
Don't forget to buy a pound of fresh roasted coffee before you leave so you can have a great cup of coffee at home, as well.笑
Outside of having a name that no one will remember, they make excellent coffee! This is for the true coffee drinkers as they don't offer any flavors and nothing for anyone in your group who doesn't drink coffee. The service is always friendly and the coffee is delish- very strong- but I like that!! I think they need some flavors- some of us like the foo foo drinks...they occasionally have a homemade syrup- but not every day笑
I'm an avid coffee lover and have gone to tons of cafes in not just Phoenix, but New York and LA. I had never visited Peixoto, since it's pretty far from where I live and even as I was driving over I kept muttering to myself, this better be worth it! But I had an excuse to be in downtown Chandler, and I'm here to report, I think Peixoto has just ruined every other coffee experience I've ever had. They are just that good!
I came to Peixoto and ordered my usual order, something I get at all coffee shops, an iced mocha latte with soy. The baristas told me that the espresso beans are sourced from Familia Peixoto, just like their coffees, which has notes of hazelnut, honey, and berries. There was also bits of chocolate from the local chocolate shop, Zak's chocolate, in my drink, and it was love at first sip- it was seriously one of the best lattes I've had in my entire life! The flavors blended in a way that just made me smile - not too sweet, not too strong, it was just perfect, just smooth and delicious. And again, I have serious lived in places with serious caffeine addictions, and Peixoto's brews are definitely up there. 
I was so impressed, and so curious, and a little terrified, that Peixoto is so far from me that I'd never get to try it again that I ordered another latte, this time from the seasonal menu, the Matcha Mel latte. It was good, not as bitter as some matcha lattes can be, but I think I was still won over by my original order. 
After two regular lattes, I probably was high on caffeine, and there are so many things on the menu I want to come back for! This includes the seasonal Coco Latte that has condensed milk, the affogato with gelato, and the days they carry Welcome Chicken & Donuts, donuts.
I did hear they partnered with Urban Cookies so you can now pick up some brews in Phoenix, but I feel like I will make up some excuse to come over here again to Chandler.
Aside from their products themselves, the staff was extremely nice, friendly and knowledgeable. I learned that they source their beans from Brazil and are all fair trade. I love that they partner with other local food eateries, and even their matcha is supplied by Gotcha Matcha, another reputable source. Much respect and love for Peixoto coffee, I am sure you will see me again soon...笑
We wanted to like this new coffee shop because we love to support local! The interior was very much on trend and comfortable, but our cappuccinos and lattes were extremely rough tasting and bitter. Even my husband who never uses sugar, added some to his so that he could tolerate it. We were hoping for a little something to go with our coffee other than sweets. I hope we just caught them on a bad day. Will try again after a while.笑
Really nice people and superb coffee.  Limited seating and can get super crowded.笑
Excellent place. Best coffee in Chandler by far. Pourovers are delicious; Nitro cold brew so refreshing. Even their Cascara tea and lemongrass lemonade are amazing for those non-coffee drinkers (gasp).

The baristas and owners are super friendly, and I love the ambiance of the place. When they're roasting a batch, which they do right in store in the open, the whole place smells divine. 

I definitely recommend this place to any coffee lover.笑
Three words best describe the coffee here:
Precision
Craft
Care

Not only is their coffee the best I've ever had, the baristas at Peixoto provide friendly, knowledgeable banter and build genuine rapport with regulars and one-off visitors alike. 

The decor captivates with a synergy of wabi-sabi, rustic and industrial. You'll be hard pressed to find an all-around better place to get caffeinated. Five stars... Six if I could.笑
The ambiance here is great, and the coffee is even better!  Great place to order a coffee, relax, and enjoy!笑
Did not like their regular coffee or americanos, but came back and tried the nitro cold brew and coconut cold brew and LOVED them! The ham & cheese croissant was also good. Love the atmosphere--baristas are knowledgable and super friendly (definitely not 'snobs'), and the music is pleasant and not loud so you can actually converse or study. They also have really fun chalkboard tables. We will keep coming back!笑
Came here last weekend with our family who lives in Chandler. My brother loves this place and I had looked forward to checking it out. Super cute inside, great decor. The menu wasn't huge, and my brother and sister both ordered iced vanilla lattes, something I didn't know you could get there. I went with the crowd and ordered the same. They ended up taking what felt like an incredibly long time to make, but they were apologetic about it. I loved my drink and I'd definitely get it again the next time I'm in the area.

We took our drinks to go, but there were a few seats open on a Sunday afternoon.笑
Excellent Coffee and amazing service. So glad to have such a great place in Chandler!笑
Very unique chandler needs this place!! Latte is by far the best you can find in this area. There is a lack of space inside and it can get real crowded.笑
I thought I knew what a good cappacino was. I was wrong. This is sooo much better than I could have imagined. Their tea and hot cocoa could be better. But it doesn't matter. This is a coffee shop, and in that regard they are unmatched.笑
Love this local place! Owner was there and super friendly. Coffee is high quality and tastes amazing! They serve unsweetened almond milk and soy milk, so my hubby was happy. The location and decor are modern and welcoming. 

And did I mention that the quality of the coffee is excellent? It is!笑
Nice coffee spot in Chandler downtown. Usually come here in the weekend to work and enjoy their coffee. Wish they extend the work hours to later time!笑
We saw Peixoto on PBS.  It looked interesting.  It was not worth the drive.  Barely any pastries and the coffee was do-so笑
Exceptional Coffee House in the heart of downtown Chandler!  And if you are a chocolate fan, the hot chocolate is delicious.  Nice atmosphere, plenty of room to relax and enjoy your beverage.  Very creative and different types of hot and cold coffee drinks.  Check this place out and replace your Starbucks fix with Peixoto.笑
If you want to support local business AND enjoy a delicious cup of coffee check this place out! I love the vibe and ambience.笑
A San Francisco coffee shop in the middle of Arizona. 

If you're into that hipster coffee life then check this place out. And I love the seating area. They're all about the organic stuff too. Coffee Snob hubby got an americano and gave it a thumbs up. That's all you need to know.... go now. 

Only negative is that their hours are strange but that may change as the place grows in popularity.. which it will. 

Over all I'd say :  I'd come again and bring friends. Four stars.笑
I mainly stick with the seasonal flavored iced concoctions when I come here and they are exceptionally good. The last time I came in no such iced specials were available to so I tried the nitro brew that everyone raves about. I have nothing to compare Peixoto nitro brew to as this was my first try. I don't get the nitro thing, to me it tasted like a watered down iced coffee or a regular cold brew with a bit of fizz in it. Still I am a fan of a local business and their special drinks are far superior to chain stores.

One recent Saturday I came and there was a huge display of pastries from a local baker to purchase a goodie to go with your drink.笑
Nitrogenated cold brew coffee floats...do I need to say any more!  Pretty cool vibe, very fun place to sit back and enjoy your coffee!笑
I am definitely a fan of Peixoto coffee: ) 
It's a super friendly and positive environment. It's great for meetings or taking the kids out for their tea. The only downside is you have to pay for refills on the drip brew whereas other shoppes I've been to offer free refills. Other than that I give Peixoto a thumbs up for its trendy atmosphere great coffee and great location in the downtown Chandler historic district.笑
Every time I come here I am greeted with a smile and they take the time to explain the menu if I have my typical puzzled look on my face when reading some of the specialty drinks. Great portions and the prices are excellent.笑
I was at a conference in Chandler and this place quickly became my favorite coffee bar. The vanilla latte was particularly exceptional. Friendly staff and a beautiful environment to hang out in. The pastries are amazing too.笑
I came here a few months ago on a rainy day.  This place has great ambiance!  I snuggled up on one of the couches and relaxed.  The service was great.  My only nitpicky things are that when you walk in, it is a bit confusing where to order.  I felt out of place standing there, but the gentleman behind the counter told me I needed to go to the left side.  Also their simple syrup is in a really cute glass dispenser, like a soap dispenser.  It's cute, but not very functional.  When you press the pump to get your sugar, it splats out really fast and gets all over the place.

I look forward to going back again.  I'm signed up for a coffee tasting with them!  Really cool place!笑
Very nice staff, friendly and knowledgeable. Let me sample the iced teas and coffee. Nice lighting with table and chairs and couch. A little small but very cool decor! 

One thing that's important to me is a place that has cups and glasses to drink your drink in-house. I am pleased that they had cups and glasses for hot and cold drinks.笑
Cold brew coffee that is kegged and on nitro. Smooth and creamy. If you didn't know what was ordered you would swear your having a stout for breakfast.   The atmosphere of this place is really cool. Little pricey but the uniqueness and quality make up for it.笑
I used to live in the east Valley area, but since moving I haven't spent a ton of time in downtown Chandler over the past few years. While in the area with family over the holidays, we were in need of some coffee & I found this place on Yelp and decided to check it out.
Upon entering the first thing I was struck by was how "hip" it was--not in a snobby way, but in a "wait, is downtown Chandler cool now? what???" kind of way. It reminded me of places I'd find closer to where I live in central Phoenix, or even up in Seattle. My sister and I both ordered iced vanilla lattes, and it was delicious! I'll most certainly be back again if I'm in the area & in need of a caffeine pick-me-up.笑
First off this is perhaps the most genuine & customer friendly coffee shop I have ever been to in my entire life ( and I have been to over 40 different speciality coffee shops/roasters across the west coast, pacific northwest, midwest and east coast). 

I believe one of the co-owners (the husband) is the lead roaster. The dude knows what he's doing. I have purchased their Brazilian coffee from them 3 times and each time it's absolutely amazing!!!

Thus far: best customer service & best coffee roast. 

As with any speciality coffee roaster they pay close attention to the fragile chemical complexity of coffee therefore their coffee is always delicious. Espresso, cold brew and pour over were all perfect. 

I waited for months for this business to open, I had long been hoping that Chandler would finally receive a good speciality coffee roaster and it did: Peixoto Coffee. 

Also they rise beyond the notion of "3rd Wave Coffee" and perhaps "4th Wave" as well by being one of the first Crop - to - Cup roasters. They themselves (collectively as a family) control all steps of the coffee process from growing (crop) to serving (cup). 

Great atmosphere, great coffee, great location and extremely passionate and enthusiastic owners & workers. If you're in Chandler or like me live 15 miles from it, make no excuses and go to Peixoto at once and see what a proper coffee tastes like.笑
Great coffee and downtown atmosphere. I was also able to order a latte that was Paleo... that's hard to find. Way to go Peixoto!笑
We have been coming here since it opened, and this place never disappoint.  The coffee are just unbelievable from comforting to refreshing!  My favorite are the affogato,  and coconut cold brew.  The only that I have noticed is, they are not as friendly as when they first started...they used to always ask customers if they need help with the menu and if they need someone to explain it to them.笑
Went here at 7:20 and was the only customer, paid $3.75 for an 8oz latte which was good but I felt way overpriced. They also don't have creamer only soy milk, almond milk and nonfat.笑
This coffee shop is amazing ! I love it so much here, I met the owner and she is so sweet and kind. She all about coffee and unique pastries. I had the Cortado which I loved loved loved! I also the sable pastry, it's jammy but you taste the Rosemary which helps make it not overly sweet. The staff was amazing, they're personable and so friendly. I felt as if I was conversing with friends! It's a perfect place to sit down and really enjoy a nice cup of coffee. It doesn't have all the added sugars and junk that you really don't need when you're having quality coffee. Can't wait to come back!笑
Please note: I'm not a coffee connoisseur.

Came here over Xmas break to do some early morning prep for the day, and really enjoyed the vibe of the place. Something that caught my attention was the music choice for early morning. It was a great balance of smooth and stimulating to get the day going -- both soft as we were all still waking up, yet slowly getting more upbeat to get us going. It's a little thing, but it made my morning they much better. As I said above, not a coffee snob, but I did enjoy a cappuccino. I think the coffee is Brazilian based on the furniture, and it had a unique flavor that I hadn't had before. If you're in Chandler and looking for a place to get coffee or relax, be sure to check Peixoto!笑
I cannot explain the love I have for this coffee shop. They take their coffee so seriously and have great pride in what they do. The thing I love most about Peixoto is the integrity in the quality of service and coffee. They don't serve anything with artificial sweeteners or corn syrup in it. Everything is just true in nature there. They also support local farmers by using locally made half and half, milk, etc. They make every cup of coffee fresh. It never just sits there warming for hours. They even grind the beans right in front of you. There are not a lot of businesses out there that have such pride and dignity. These guys make coffee an art, a craftsmanship. Love. Love. Love.笑
My favorite coffee shoppe in the world. It's clean, the people are great and the coffee is awesome. I can't say enough about it!笑
Just amazing. The coffee is good, cheap, and amazing quality. I've had one of their fancy lattes to their cold brew. I liked both and really have no complaints. The decor is also cute!笑
So happy to finally have SUCH good coffee near Gilbert! Really good coffee and great cold brew! Also, the owner is super friendly and engaging. Love this place!笑
The crop to cup experience at Peixoto Coffee is remarkable. Having lived overseas and having experienced true coffee culture, I found a home at Peixoto Coffee. The baristas are knowledgeable and consistently produce quality espresso coffees. 

Now that I have discovered black gold here in the desert, I know that I found a real treasure.笑
Love their pour over coffee! They also have seasonal drinks that are always fun. Space is small and often crowded so not great with meeting a large group but if you are by yourself or a few friends you'll most likely find a place to sit. All of the baristas know their coffee which is hard to find in this area so kudos! My favorite coffee shop in the area by far.笑
Best coffee in the area. Does cost more than the average cup. Love the selection of sweets笑
Good coffee and tea selection, but only giving them a three because the espresso (which I had two shots of with just sugar) was awful.笑
This is one of the best Craft roaster that AZ has to offer.  They have great options and knowledgeable baristas. For sure one of my favorite spots.笑
This is my new favorite coffee! I recently moved to the area and I am so happy to have found this place. So far I've just tried the seasonal coconut latte. The espresso is rich and smooth and the milk ratio is perfect.笑
Really nice authentic coffee. Menu is small and most regulars seem to know what to order. Their hot drinks are the best but the Az heat and lackluster AC make it a little warm to enjoy inside. I'm sure in winter this place will be even more special.笑
I got a sample bag of Peixoto's single origin roast having met Julia Peixoto at the Even Stevens soft opening recently.  She was super passionate and left the corporate life to pursue what's in her blood.  After learning about the how deep coffee runs in her family's coffee farm back in Brazil.  I had to stop by their coffee bar in downtown Chandler.  Had I never came here, I would never have known the awesome variety of artisanal businesses in downtown like the Original Chop Shop Co. 

My go to normally would've been a single origin pour over but I was feeling really sluggish so I went with a cold brewed shot of Nitro.  It delivered that jolt I needed.  And I had no jitters which was hard to believe!  Maybe it's the hot sunny weather perhaps that kept me relaxed as well.  

It's a great well thought out space.  Beautiful shiny black roaster in the back tells you they mean serious business with their "crop to cup"!  It was even fun talking to the staff about other third wave roasters and their favorites as well.  

No question I wouldn't have hesitated to feature their product in a subscription box  .  A gem in Downtown Chandler for a great cup of third wave coffee.  I'll be getting a cortado next time as well which is normally my specialty of choice.笑
I am in town for work and was searching for a great local coffee shop.  I had the iced green tea matcha and the ham and cheese croissant.  I overheard the baristas talking with other customers about the coffee and they really know their stuff!  My drink and croissant was great!  Would definitely recommend.  The atmosphere is just perfect for a coffee shop feel.笑
I've been to this coffee shop four times in the last 7 days, after discovering it and quickly becoming addicted to it. I can't say enough about the coffee. I have been ordering their hot almond milk latte which, if you drink it there, comes in a heavy ceramic coffee cup with saucer with a small tea spoon on the side. It is incredibly smooth, and has a light layer of foam with a sweet little leaf design. The coffee does not taste acidic or burnt to any degree. I've also tried their black coffee over ice and the iced almond milk latte and its some of the best iced coffee I've ever had. The people at the counter and the owner are all incredibly personable and they have started to remember us.  

There is always a small selection of baked goods, which I've seen range from streusel bundt cake, what looked like savory croissants, muffins, and little tarts.  You can buy bags of their coffee, which I intend to do once my Lavazza has been consumed. There is ample free parking right next door. Wifi is free (just ask for the password), and you can write on the tables with the chalk that has been provided in the tiny terra cotta pots :) I found that fun. Also, there are LOADS of power outlets. The music is pretty good, and not distracting, and they have an electronic punch card.

The suggestions I have for these guys is to provide glasses for iced beverages if you wish to sip at the cafe (instead of plastic) and/or provide plastic recycle (just need to tell people to dump their cups before recycling). 

Love this place and will continue to frequent it.笑
Found them on Yelp and after I saw how many reviews have been written I had to come try! Especially when there is over 200 review and they still swung 4 1/2 stars! I am giving them 5 stars for multiple reasons. 

- I walked in and the place is almost filled with nothing but happy customers who are starting their mornings off in a relaxing, clean, professional environment.

- The employees were energetic and excited to tell me all about their company and how they began!

- I informed them it was my first time and they smiled and helped me with the menu and gave me a sample willingly. 

- Their prices are extremely fair and I already forgot about star bucks. 

- The product is clean, great tasting, refreshing, and well affordable. 

I will definitely be back! Thank you Peixoto! You were well worth the trip!笑
Small coffee shop in the heart of downtown Chandler. I went in today with my best friend because we been wanting to find a place who does latte art. This is the place that actually does the art!!! We went in about 7 am and the young gentlemen taking our orders was very helpful. I'm not coffee savy so I was glad to learn and try something new.  The latte art he said we could pick what design we wanted or leave it up to the barista. I know it's not easy so we let it be a surprise. We order a decaf latte and cappuccino. 

***The only thing they don't have is a variety of baked goods on display. They only had some toaster strudels on display and when we asked the young gentlemen names us some 3 choices of breads they had in the back. We ordered a banana bread. Drinks we strong (I added more sugar on mine) and bread was delicious.  Overall great experience.笑
BEST. COFFEE. EVER!  Seriously.  The only problem is that after drinking coffee at Peixoto, it sets the bar extremely high and every other coffee you drink elsewhere will be disappointing.  Very cozy coffee house with a mellow vibe and super friendly employees.  Love this place!笑
Stopped in the other day to give my ears and head a break from the BBQ festival, and my husband and I shared a mocha. It was pretty good. I definitely want to go back and try it again.笑
Easily my favorite coffee place in the valley. The coffee is delicious, the customer service is always great and the atmosphere is perfect for a weekend morning chill session. I recommend it to everybody I know that drinks coffee.笑
Peixoto popped up on my insta feed regularly for a week, so I decided to check it out. I've had cups of the Colombian Geisha, Costa Rican Las Lajas, and a shot of 'spro from their own farm located in Brazil. All of these have been incredible.

The story of the farm and all of that is really neat as well.笑
Super nice people, the guy who owns it served my food and coffee with great skill.  Gotta love that the raw beans come from his father in law's coffee plantation in Brazil then get roasted ON SITE at the store.笑
Nice place with a unique feel.  Love the coffee but wish I had passed on the baked goods.  Love buying local, and this one is working to earn our business.笑
Finally a coffee spot! I love everything on their menu! The staff is glorious! I send their bags of coffee to family out of state to they know whats up! My only suggestion would be a nice dog friendly covered patio!笑
They have great varieties of teas and coffees. I've got Maple Spiced Latte - tastes creamy, smooth and Smells good. Even though the service a li'l bit slow, but the quality of coffee makes it worth the wait. I also enjoyed the atmosphere, very chill and relaxed.笑
Yet another fantastic trip to this lovely little coffee shop! My goodness- try the Chai Latte with Almond Milk. It is crazy good with the perfect spicy kick. The service, as usual was without fault. Love love.笑
A breath of fresh air in the desert. As a relocated Angeleno, I'm constantly looking for great coffee places and this place fits the bill. I live in Chandler and usually have to travel toward the tempe area to get a good pour over or Chemex, this place is conveniently in downtown Chandler and new. Definitely a recommend. Location is a great decision, exactly what Downtown Chandler needs.笑
I found this place after reading a lot high reviews and I'm happy I listened! Every drink I've tried has been really great. My favorite is the lemongrass lemonade which is only served during the summer unfortunately. And of course the nitro, cascara, and coconut cold brew are also fantastic. 
This place has a cool vibe. It does get crowded sometimes but it's expected since the drinks here are really good. Also the barista are nice and helpful. I highly recommend this place!笑
How do I ever accurately express my love? You're perfectly situated, you have outdoor seating, your staff is friendly, it never takes long to get my drink, you're locally owned and independently sourced and you have a loyalty program. I come in every morning and it is consistently delicious, never too hot, never burnt, always perfect. Thank you for doing what you do and doing it well. Quality is outstanding. Yum yum yum.笑
Loved Peixoto. The location is great and the coffee was AMAZING. Some of the best coffee I've ever had. I got a latte and put some honey in it - great because it had lots of flavor but was not too sweet. My mom got a mocha which was also great because it wasn't too sweet! We loved the atmosphere and the service was great! The baristas were very knowledgeable and helpful! Thanks for the great cup of coffee, Peixoto! :)笑
I always enjoy everything I order here. Their coffee is delicious, the people are friendly and the atmosphere is cozy and inviting.笑
They have very unique and interesting options (in a good way) for pour over coffee. If you want a pour over, go here! There isn't much else that comes close to comparing in this part of town.  The environment is warm and it was very busy. Baristas are also just the right amount of sassy so you know they know what their doing but they also care about you enjoying their creation and want to get you what you want.笑
I'm sure coffee snobs love this place but I found it noisy and unwelcoming.
Didn't find the coffee anything special.笑
Cold brew is delish they recommended the cocoa nib brew and it has a hint of chocolate without being sweet.  Cold brew is so smooth there is no need for cream or sugar.  Laid back vibe.笑
Very good coffee and the atmosphere is much more comfortable & stylish than Starbucks. Not nearly the choice for food-stuffs though but wi-fi is good!笑
Met up with Aileen and her friends on a Sunday morning. A nice hipster coffee shop that is kinda of busy. I went with a mocha latte and hit the spot. Return factor is high.笑
Very cute shop. Really no tea or gluten free options, though.笑
If I could give them more stars, I would. I moved to the valley about 2 years ago, and immediately started the search for my go-to coffee spot. I stumbled across Peixoto and never looked back. I frequent the shop on a weekly basis- typically 4-5 times a week... sometimes more. I'M ADDICTED (I actually can't believe that I haven't written a review yet!) You won't find better coffee in Arizona! Order anything on the menu..it's all amazing, you won't be disappointed. As if that isn't enough, I have never once had a bad experience here. Every single one of the baristas is friendly and inviting. They've all memorized my order and know my name- talk about great customer service! If you are looking for delicious coffee in a cozy environment paired with excellent service, don't think twice. Peixoto is the way to go!笑
Highly recommend the pour over family blend! Amazingly smooth! Great atmosphere! I will be back also customer service is great!笑
Downtown Chandler has been lacking a true coffee shop for a long time. Finally it is here. I had a 16oz Latte which was very good. I have a coffee shop in N Chandler and now I have one when I'm downtown. Welcome to Chandler Peixoto笑
This coffee shop has nitro cold brew! It rivals Cartel in quality and is much better than anything else Chandler has to offer. Definitely worth going out of your way to try!笑
Good family owned coffee. I love that the coffee comes from the families farm in Brazil, it adds the X factor to the experience. Definitely give them a shot, we drove 45 minutes to try.笑
This place is amazing! The location is just on the south end of the main area that is Downtown Chandler. (Next to a pretty darn good Thai food place as well). I am not sure what was here previously, but it is evident from the inside that a lot of work and effort went into the planning and design of the space. 

I sizable espresso bar is right up front when you walk in and there are plenty of additional seating areas as well. A good number of plugs and free wifi make this a great place to enjoy some of their coffee and get some work done as well.

On the coffee front, it is very good and roasted on site! Their menu is what you would expect from a roaster coffee house, which means focused on the actual coffee and not a bunch of sugary add-ins. 

I didn't try the handful of pastries that they have, but judging by the looks of them they are sure to be great!! This will be a new local spot for me for sure! Goodbye SB! Hello great coffee!!笑
SO much more than just coffee. Love their pop-ups and support of the community. Knowing exactly where the coffee beans came from also makes it taste better!笑
Piexoto coffee is a fantastic addition to Downtown Chandler. I love to support local businesses whenever possible and I have wished for a local coffee shop downtown Chandler for some time now. 

Piexoto occupies a comfortable, bright space with plenty of seating, a relaxed atmosphere and excellent products. The business is family owned and their coffee beans come from the family farm in Brazil. Lately, they have been posting pictures of the farm on Instagram and it's absolutely beautiful.

The baristas are always more than willing to explain whatever you want/need to know about their menu items and to help make suggestions for the coffee babies like myself. In addition to being helpful, the baristas are also very enthusiastic about their job and their products--a combination that makes for stellar service. With the help of Piexoto's excellent and informative staff, I have broadened my "coffee horizons" significantly. 

I've enjoyed many semi-sweet mochas, a cool white chocolate mocha and my husband (who is a sincere coffee snob) is deeply in love with Piexoto's pour-overs and cascara in particular. 

In addition to coffee drinks, we have purchased beans from Ethiopia and Ecuador at Piexoto and we were very impressed with the freshness and flavors.  Finally, we were lucky enough to arrive hungry on a few mornings so we could partake in the excellent guava rolls, cookies and other baked goods. 

If you are looking for a nice, relaxed place to enjoy a morning or afternoon with some excellent coffee, Piexoto is the place to go!笑
Peixoto Coffee is just what Downtown Chandler needed. 

Slight hipster vibe but insanely strong coffee, this is the perfect place to stop in for your daily cup of control. 

My favorites have been the Nitro Cold Brew as well as the traditional Cold Brew. 

Both are delicious options; however, I tend to favor the Nitro Cold Brew which has the appearance of a Stout beer. 

Regardless of your choice of coffee, hopefully you have a lot to get done because you probably won't be sleeping for the next 10-15 hours. 

While Peixoto tends to cater to actual coffee drinkers, the "milkshake coffee" crowd is apt to find something to enjoy here.

Me? I won't lie, I love the Menta Mocha every year around the holidays. 

It's cool how they pair up with other local businesses such as Fluff It Marshmallow.

Seriously, get the marshmallow fluff on the Menta Mocha for a true treat. It's worth the $1 extra! 

The last time I paid a visit, I saw these delicious things coming out from behind that counter that resembled a Root Beer Float.

Looks like you can now get a Nitro Float with freakin' Gelato in it - That's next on my "To Try" list at Peixoto! 

Support local and drink coffee at Pay-Show-Toe.笑
This place is amazing. The staff are always friendly and helpful. They are usually fast. The coffee is roasted in house and actually has flavor that is not burnt. They have a variety of reasonably priced drinks like a nitro cold brew, the coco late, and they make seasonal drinks as well. The lemongrass lemonade was my favorite. And they bring in some beautiful breakfast treats to choose from. Go here and support a local business.笑
Does anyone remember the motto of Price Pfister (The pfabulous pfaucet with the pfunny name)? Well move over Price Pfister, Peixoto (Pay-show-toe) Coffee is the fabulously fine brew with the funny name! I actually wasn't sure of the significance of the store's name until I looked on their website to discover Peixoto is the Brazilian last name of this friendly family operation. I had been wanting to check out this lovely little cafe for some time so when Aileen B. suggested it as an afternoon pick me up, who was I to refuse? Located in the heart of downtown Chandler, Peixoto is in its sophomore year of serving up caffeinated delights to the East Valley with no signs of slowing down. We chatted a bit with the owner Julia who is a total sweetheart and has a kind, generous heart. She also is one of the few people you may know that is from coffee royalty since her family owns a coffee farm in Brazil. As a result she gets most of her beans straight from the family font! How's that for quality control and vertical integration? :)

I decided on an affogato with Nutella gelato.  The gelato is sourced locally and had three flavors available when I went: Bourbon vanilla, Nutella and salted caramel. I loved the affogato. The deep potent espresso elixir poured over the chocolate hazelnut gelato was a delightful combination of hot with cold, and bitter with sweet. Julia came over and gave us a sample of her favorite Bourbon vanilla gelato and I was even more amazed! It was so creamy rich, packed with vanilla essence and had a bit of coconut undertone at the end. It would have also been a fine choice for the affogato due to its pure clean creamy vanilla flavor contrasting with the complex, earthy rich espresso.

Everyone here was so friendly and cares about creating a perfect environment and ideal product to sell to their customers. Thanks for a great experience Peixoto Coffee!笑
Been here a few times now.  Have had a great cortado, and their mocha latte was awesome with real chocolate in it, not a syrup, not a powder, deep rich chocolate flavor to balance with the coffee.  And their pastries from Pistol Whipped are the bomb!!笑
A friend said lets go to Peixoto for coffee, its one of her favorite coffee houses in the valley and I had never been so thought this would be a perfect time try them out! So off we went!

The coffee shop is right in downtown Chandler off Arizona Ave and there is plenty of parking all around.

The place is self is warm and inviting, gives off a comfy feeling, like there is no rush, just drink your coffee and enjoy the moment!

I tried one of their Holiday drinks, I already forgot its name, but it had dark chocolate from Zaks,  a local chocolate shop here in the valley (https://www.yelp.com/biz/zaks-chocolate-scottsdale), espresso and cream and topped with tossed marshmallow from Fluff it, other local shop in the valley (https://www.yelp.com/biz/fluff-it-marshmallows-gilbert-3 ).  This was a great tasting cup of coffee, it was creamy, chocolaty and oh so good!

I also thought it was pretty cool for Peixoto Coffee to feature items from other local shops too, this is the true shop local experience. 

If you are in the area, or heck even if your not, make the trip to downtown Chandler and get yourself a great tasting cup of coffee, Peixoto knows their coffees, go give them a try!笑
simply amazing! You can taste their passion for the product. Quality drinks. Top notch service.笑
I stopped by this shop while in town from Austin, TX. We have tons of great coffee shops in Austin, but I haven't had a cold brew as good as the one I had here. So good!! Incredibly kind staff and owner. Love their story too. Check this place out!!!! Iced coconut cold brew is delicious.笑
Peixoto Coffee is a welcome addition to downtown Chandler. The lattes are delicious and served in your choice of 8 or 16 ounces. Homemade empanadas and pastries make your mouth water. Peixoto is definitely for purists. Mochas are available, but you won't find vanilla, caramel, or other traditional latte additions.笑
We just moved to chandler and this was the first local coffee shop I tried... After reading reviews about the coconut cold brew. It did not disappoint! It was so delicious. Next time I'm going to try the iced coconut latte. I got a hot white chocolate mocha for my husband and he said it was pretty good. 

The shop is super cute too. I went at about 7 am on a Saturday and was the only one in there. Friendly service too. I am planning on going back. :)笑
Great little shop in our downtown neighborhood. Friendly staff that are knowledgeable and provide excellent service. I hope this place stays around for a while since the area was in need of a shop like this.笑
Amazing Coffee as well as customer service. All the staff was extremely friendly and helpful for the craft coffee newbie! We'll be back for sure already craving more! Great job!

Tip: I got a mocha and they use real Belgian Dark Chocolate, so delicious!笑
Heard of this place through a friend and was anxious to try it. We love our coffee. Peixoto did not disappoint. Since our first visit roughly 4 months ago we now buy a bag weekly for home. I personally did not like my coffee black until trying the Peixoto Single Origin. Now it's our only coffee. Last week I tried a cold coffee due to the heat, Coconut Cold Brew and it was fantastic! Toasted coconut sprinkled on top. It's delish. Lastly, buy your beans on Tuesday get a free cup of coffee! Loyal customers here.笑
Don't miss out an outstanding cup coffee and other innovative drinks and a very helpful and knowledgeable staff.  They roast their own coffee, pick up a bag to take home. Don't miss out on the cinnamon rolls.   I love the seasonal specials.笑
So glad to finally have a quality coffee spot nearby, great coffee and really nice baristas. Cold brew is spot on.笑
They harvest their beans from the family farm in Brazil and roast them in-store. Freshest cup of coffee in town and great atmosphere. Being from Portland, I've been dying to find a coffee shop like this one!笑
Really good coffee here. One of the top two shops I found in the Phoenix area. Just be prepared to drive for it since it's in Chandler.笑
Locally owned and operated.  I love that.  They are truly a fun lil place to get coffee and mingle.笑
Great flavor and amazing variety. Was hoping to save a few pennies by not going to Starbucks but price was the same. The staff is super nice and very open to have you try different things. Perfect location and the overall feel of the store is what you would expect from a coffee shop. A must if want some really well brewed coffee!笑
This place is great!!  I love the atmosphere and the coffee was amazing!  I tried the iced mocha and wow was it wonderful!!  I am a vanilla latte kind of person but they don't offer syrup drinks there and they suggested the mocha...I usually don't like mocha as they can be bitter. Their mocha blew me away!!  :)笑
My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our first visit here. The staff is so knowledgeable but not pretentious. We learned a lot about the coffee and the business. It made us want to support this place even more. We ended up sitting and playing cards and really enjoyed the atmosphere. It's pretty tucked away in downtown Chandler, so park anywhere and just walk there!笑
This is such a fun coffee cafe. The aroma of the family grown coffee beans smell amazing. The coffee and lattes are simply delicious. If you are in Downtown Chandler, I highly recommend stopping in. You will not be disappointed!笑
Peixoto is exactly what downtown Chandler has been missing. It's a great little coffee shop with friendly locals and educated baristas. Their strong points are their local roasted- on location- beans and house made ingredients. Whether you want a rich and flavorful cup of coffee, refreshing cascara, or a spicy chai, Peixoto does it well. I'm very excited to see how they expand the pastry selection. I usually go there in the afternoon when they're almost sold out of everything. I can't blame them though, it's all delicious! 

This is not your average coffee shop. The quality is unmatched and the ambience is always refreshing.笑
Peixoto is not just one of my favorite coffee shops in the Valley, it is one of my favorites anywhere. We usually come a few times a month, mostly on weekends, and are happy to make the 20-30 minute drive just for the experience.

This is a place that truly cares about the coffee, about customer service, and about fostering a sense of community. Best of all, it is consistent, so we never wonder if we are going to have a good experience. 

Our top specialty drinks are Zak's Cap, various matchas, the affogatos (espresso poured over gelato), and the Nitro Cold Brew. This past winter, we also enjoyed the London Fog.

Word to the wise: It is very popular, crowded, and somewhat loud. We've found it is best suited for dates when we only need two seats and are just chatting and not trying to work on anything. That said, plenty of people of all ages do seem to come in bigger groups either to talk or study, and they seem perfectly fine. If you are in the area, definitely give Peixoto a try!笑
This coffee shop is just what downtown Chandler needed. A true "crop to cup" experience; the beans are shipped direct from their family-owned coffee plantation in Brazil and roasted onsite. How cool is that? They have a variety of coffee types from regular drip to Chemex pour overs. I've only tried the latte and cappuccino so far, and both were smooth and delicious. Not bitter at all like S-ucks ;)笑
Wonderful coffee and teas and pastries. Awesome atmosphere. Grinding in house. I would surely recommend.笑
Their chai was not very good and the big cookie I bought was super dry. My friend loves this place but I didn't enjoy what I got there and I probably won't go back.笑
I've never actually been to the cafe, but I've brewed the coffee at home. Even in my standard mr. Coffee maker, it tastes amazing. The one con to peixoto is that I can't go back to standard coffees. I love how I can use just a little sugar and milk because the coffee itself is so strong and flavorful. If I'm ever in chandler, I'll have to visit. But for now I'll just get the coffee beans to make at home!笑
This place is a great local place to get coffee! First heard about these guys when I was overseas and was super excited to get home and visit! 

I went on a Monday morning and place was surprisingly busy. My only complaint would be that it needs to be bigger, but I love the quaintness, it was a great place to meet a friend for a cup of coffee! 

I got one of the seasonal drinks, menta mocha, and can't wait to go back for another before the season is over!笑
We're like hot chocolate and marshmallows:  You're hot and I want to be on top of you.

A place true to their hastag of #CropToCup --- from their farm in Brazil to your steaming [or iced] cup of joe!  Peixoto is a cozy coffee shop situated in the heart of downtown Chandler.   Hipsters can be seen taking up the limited seating and it just makes you want to scream, "If you're done with your drink and aren't buying another, get the hell out and surf Facebook somewhere else!"  Peixoto has an industrial chic vibe and they make a great beverage.  It's not coffee but I'm currently loving their hot chocolate made with almond milk. The almond milk gives it a nutty flavor.  ;3

We were here for their one year anniversary this past weekend and the staff was in a festive good mood.  There were drawings and door prizes, balloons and party hats, and there was even live music.  When the staff is happy, you know you're in a great place!  So grab a seat at the window bar and enjoy a delightful beverage while you people watch.笑
Great coffee and ambiance. Beautiful decor. This place is not cramped. Spacious get cozy. I went there once during a dust storm. Feel so nice :)
The staff is friendly and know their stuff. They educated me pretty well on the coffee. I tried the Nitro which was phenomenal. It's like a non alcoholic coffee Guinness beer. Cool idea. I also had their white mocha. It was go good I drank it in less than 5 mins. Lol. Anyways I will def go back and recommend to everyone. Great vibe!笑
this place is really great - owner was super nice and cold brew was excellent!  will definitely be back.笑
The best cold brew coffee! Worth the extra drive! Friendly staff & amazing coffee. Also, great place to do computer work.笑
Loved the atmosphere and vibe! I use fresh beans at home and grind for each pot! This will be my goto source of coffee beans! The pastries were awesome too. It's a definite goto! Haven't been this happy since I was in Louisville at sunergos! Yippee close to home too!笑
Excellent coffee, very friendly staff! Love the environment and the window seats.笑
Best pour over, with a side of cream, no sugar needed. Great iced coffee to go. Welcoming staff, even in my mom-jeans. High-quality beans, they take a lot of pride in their craft. Watched a couple taste test coffee in shot glasses, which I thought was another way to show pride in their coffee.  Generously compensated us when someone mistakenly took my kid's fancy pop tart (the last one). Way above and beyond customer service. Beautiful decor. I will be a regular and spend tons of cash $$ as a downtown chandler resident. Thank you again!笑
I'm no coffee connoisseur, and I usually don't enjoy my coffee black but MAN was this coffee great!!! The nitro and cold brews are perfect for those scorching Arizona summer days, when hot coffee is the last thing you want. Additionally their Cascara tea packs a powerful flavor punch that's completely 100% natural.

Their ingredients are of such high quality and prepared expertly and all at a comparable price to most coffee shops. They import their coffee directly from a plantation in Brazil, and it's something that makes their coffee rise above. Fantastic coffee, comfortable atmosphere, could happily spend hours sipping delicious coffee here笑
I was a fan of this quiet little coffee shop on the south side of main street. Its a new place so it can be scary trying new places. Staff was really friendly. No much on the variety of drinks I feel like but what they had was really good. The inside decor was really great. I love the rustic look and some place that takes you out of the norm when you walk in. 

Limited seating though due to the size and the outside seating is limited. Kind of expected with it being a new and small coffee shop. 

Drinks we got were good. Got the white chocolate iced coffee. Pretty good to be honest. Drinks came up really fast and like they unique way they do their ordering. Not going to give it away for those visiting. 

Its a nice place to just go hang out and relax in chandler to people watch.笑
I love me some SE Valley, but once you hit the 202 S, good coffee shops are nearly impossible to find. It takes me 30-45 minutes to get to Cartel in Tempe, and I willingly make the trip once (sometimes twice) a week to get a good pourover and a bag of beans. Oh, the suburbs. 

But now there's Peixoto Coffee, a real (like, actually good) coffee shop in downtown Chandler. They roast in-house (the Ethiopian had the most intense blueberry flavor I've ever tasted), do pourovers (Chemex, Bee House, Wave, etc.), and had all the espresso drinks a good coffee shop needs (and thankfully no terrible syrups or frappuccino-type drinks). Plus, they have pastries and empanadas from local bakers/makers, so there's always food if you need it.

I'm serious when I say this... I've been known to drive out to central Phoenix from Gilbert to do some work and get a good pourover, but now I'd just be wasting my time.笑
Cool little shop. They make home made pastries right there in front of the house. Nice to see the craftsmanship. 

Typical menu items. I ordered a seasonal drink which was espresso tonic mix. Wasn't really my thing but it was creative. 

Minus 1 star cause they dont have bullet proof coffee as an option. 

YOU GUYS NEED TO GET ON THAT!笑
Different and delicious. Not your average coffee shop. A great addition to downtown Chandler. Worth a try for sure!笑
Love the coffee; coconut cold brew, fresh roasted beans, etc. the staff is great and efficient...I'm torn because the space is tiny, cramped and inefficient. Good luck if you're coming here to work or for more than a just few minutes.笑
Ive had the chance to visit several coffee spots across the country, this place is Absolutely the best coffee hands down I ever had !!! Awesome staff as well!! The atmosphere is warm, inviting and very friendly.  I highly recommend this place for a nice relaxing get away, you can't go wrong. Enjoy!!笑
I came here after a friend of mine recommended it. I love coffee shops and after living in San Francisco for two years, I was definitely missing them. 

Well, when I arrived I was not dissapointed. It's such a great place-from the coffee down to the decor. It's what I envision from a good coffee shop; coffee that has character, baristas that actually know what they're brewing and the little intricacies that set it apart from big name coffee places.

If you're the type of person that needs sugar, syrup and food colorings in their coffee then this is not the place for you. If you're someone that actually likes the taste of coffee and cares about where and how the beans are processed then look no further.

Since it's still summer...try the Nitro with a splash of cream.......awesome!笑
This is a nice little coffee place in the cutest area of Phoenix that we've seen to date. I believe it's the old downtown for Chandler and is found among a line of shops in a beautiful old Spanish arcade (in the building sense) that stretches a couple of blocks. The interior is beautiful and the people are kind and it's a relaxing refuge from the sun. My London Fog was not great. It didn't taste very much like Earl Grey and mostly seemed like warm milk with a tiny hint of vanilla. My husband got a mocha that tasted like it was made with excellent chocolate. We'll try to pour over coffee if we are able to come back someday.笑
Found this amazing little shop while visiting my boyfriend's dad while on our spring break. As a barista of four years, I'll admit to being a little nervous about finding quality coffee durning our stay in Chandler and was pleasantly surprised to have such an amazing experience here! You wouldn't have ever known that this was a brand new shop, with the beautiful interior and knowledgable and attentive staff. We even got to chat with the two baristas who were working, as my bf and I enjoyed our delicious coffee at the bar. We came searching for coffee and stayed for the people. My only complaint is that I won't get to enjoy the delicious cascara coffee/tea and beautifully crafted iced coffee everyday once spring break is over. Come to Austin soon Peixoto!笑
I'm going to have to stop by here each time I come to town. There's a lot of coffee houses in Cali but none that I've tried that is well crafted as here. Love love love this place. Toasted coconut latte is my fav!笑
This is my new favorite coffee spot for sure!  Everyone working there is very friendly and knows their stuff.  I had a white chocolate latte that was perfection, and the baked goods are brought in fresh daily and so delicious!笑
Love, love, love Peixoto! Everything here is handcrafted and original. They always have a fun seasonal coffee and tea creation. All of their ingredients are made from scratch. It is definitely worth the money. The quality is unreal!笑
Pretty good but a little pricey for what you get. The atmosphere is nice - very casual and a nice place to hang.笑
I can't stop going to this place! Every barista at this coffee shop has been great and they are willing to help you find that right type of drink for you, this is a one of a kind coffee shop in downtown Chandler笑
Love their specialty coffee cherry tea! Awesome place to rest some work done and enjoy a chill atmosphere.笑
A RARE FIND:
Get ready to taste coffee! I'm just blown away by every aspect of this business. They own their own farm in Brazil, harvest, import, roast, and brew their beans. Talk about a direct to consumer model. As I understand it, this is only 1 of 2 coffee shops in the U.S. that are "Crop to Cup" like this.

THE STAFF and COFFEE:
Not only is the coffee amazing, the staff is amazing. I usually find people working behind the counter of a fancy coffee shop to be a bit unfriendly or unhelpful. NOT HERE!! Feel free to admit your coffee ignorance and let them teach you the world of coffee. You will discover a wide range of tastes and the many brew options. I never thought I'd drink a cup BLACK! but now I taste the notes of the beans and don't want to drown it out with cream and sugar.

SOMETHING SWEET:
Of course, I sometimes get a hankering for something sweet, so I turn to the Nitro Float - a glass of Nitrogen Cold Brew with a scoop of Gelato!!!!!

THE SHOP:
It looks amazing in here. A ton of natural light yet warm and comfortable. Temperature is perfect, noise level is perfect. Outlets everywhere to sit and work on your laptop. The other regulars are super nice. This place is made by good people, so therefore it attracts good people.笑
Sitting outside of this great coffee shop drinking amazing coffee! The coffee tastes just how it does in Brazil. Inside is very hip and trendy with high tables and plenty of couches. Staff is super friendly. I'm from LA And trying out many different little coffee shops while I'm here and this one hit the spot:) thanks Peixoto for making my morning so enjoyable:)笑
Just tried this for the first time this morning. Had the cold brew and it was great. Looking forwarded to trying additional items on the menu. The place has a more San Fran vibe than Chandler, AZ and that is a good thing. Someone commented that Liberty Market in Gilbert was superior and being a consistent Liberty Market patron I would wholeheartedly disagree.笑
Inviting ambient, superb coffee, passionate employees, and beautiful decor. Piexoto is a treasure!笑
If you want REAL coffee and no watery a** Starbucks...go here! They have their own coffee plantation in Brazil I believe that they import from, so there is that. Amazing quality.笑
Maybe my favorite coffee bar in the East Valley. Always good. Great atmosphere. Usually busy. They  grow it, they roast, they make it, they serve it.笑
This is a great addition to downtown Chandler! One of the only places I know where the owners of the shop actually own the farm where the coffee is grown. It also has great ambiance and the staff are very friendly! On the few times it rains here it is perfect for dipping in, getting a warm mug in your hands, and sitting by the big windows while watching the streets and sidewalks turn glassy! This is also a great way to buy local!!笑
Privately/family owned & operated, single sourced coffee. The same family owns coffee crops in Brazil and that's what they serve here! Best coffee in town!笑
Usually these little coffee shops have odd tasting coffee but this one is delicious! And there bakery items are really good too.笑
Super cute coffee shop in downtown Chandler! They have modern, industrial decor, and also have their own coffee roaster. It's a great study/meeting space because they have a variety of tables and workspaces, and plenty of outlets along the window. They also have seasonal specials such as peppermint mocha and cocoa nib cold brew (which I tried). The cold brew was good, but the cocoa nib taste wasn't as distinct as I had hoped. I also sampled the chai, and it's delicious - more aromatic than most chai teas! The hot drinks are served in cute cups and the cold ones in mason jars!笑
The coffee is, in a word, AMAZING!  What truly sets this place apart though are the great people...no snotty barista, insulting your lack of coffee knowledge.  I really enjoyed the experience and look forward to the next.笑
Crop to cup. Percolate on that for a moment, realizing this is the only time "percolate" and "Peixoto" should be joined together, ever. Using a percolator on this coffee is akin to murder and while we're at it, let's add drip coffee makers to the list of taboos too. 

For those not on the "coffee aficionado" bandwagon (there's still room, hop on!), crop to cup means that the family owns, grows, and harvests the coffee on their land in Brazil, ships it up to their shop in downtown Chandler, where they roast it, brew it, and sell it.  Translation: this is special. 

I'm excruciatingly picky about my coffee, even more so about my favorite shops, so I've held off reviewing Peixoto until I had a chance to run them through the gamut of things I order at a coffee shop. This has equated to roughly half a dozen visits. As with most places I go to for the first time, I had the barista recommend something from their coffee menu to impress me with. She recommended a cortado, which A) I've never had before, B) never heard of, C) she explained was the best way to truly get a taste for their espresso. Its like a latte, but more of a 1:1 espresso to milk ratio and it performed exactly has she said it would. The chocolate and bright notes were present, yet perfectly tempered by the milk.  Then I moved on to the toddy (cold brewed iced coffee), which is unique from other places. Hands down I would say their toddy is bolder and/or stronger than most places that bother to make toddy. In doing so, I think some of the nuance of their very flavorful Brazilian roast is lost and/or overshadowed by the strength, but you still end up with a quality toddy. This isn't a criticism, its just different. Their Ethiopian roast brewed in a Chemex pour-over sends you on a delightful trip of berry and brightness that is just otherworldly and my favorite thing to order.  Their espresso alone is rather unique too, with deep chocolate richness with bright notes that dance around your mouth with each sip. Lastly, I purchased a pound of whole bean Brazilian single origin and brought it home. I grind it as needed with my bur grinder and have used in in my french press and Aeropress.  It was roasted on 2/10 and I was incredibly impressed when I made a french press yesterday (3/2, 20 days after roasting) that there was still a respectable crema present - and I accidentally left it in their bag, not the airtight canister I usually keep my coffee in.

The place is decorated tastefully and has a nice ambiance. I haven't actually sat there for long, though I intend to, but they offer comfortable couches, generous tables, stools at the coffee bar, and nice outdoor seating. I imagine it would be easy to spend hours there comfortably, and I intend to test this theory soon. 

Everyone that works there has been top notch. They are all well versed on their product and confident in their recommendations. Some of the staff are so knowledgeable, that I almost feel like a coffee novice discovering a drip coffee maker for the first time when I talk to them - and I've experimented with roasting my own beans! I encourage you to get to know the staff, they really add to overall experience. 

In summary, this place is top notch and primed for a Best of the Valley award. The SE Valley was in desperate need of a quality shop and Peixoto fills this gap beautifully. I'm incredibly excited to have this family owned shop in my "backyard" and I'm looking forward to brewing a coffee lover's dream with them.

I've read some of the less glorifying reviews and to be honest, I don't quite follow the issues. For instance, $4.50 for a Chemex  with your choice of bean is a bargain compared to the small handful of places in the Valley that even offer Chemex service, let alone know what it is. Sure, 4.50 is expensive for "a cup of coffee" but Chemex with locally roasted single origin beans is far beyond "a cup of coffee" and to understand what I mean by that, I strongly encourage you to: 1.) go to Peixoto, 2.) sit at the bar, 3.) ask them about the Chemex and why its different, 4.) roll the dice and order an Ethiopian Chemex and see if they can give you a sample of their drip for a side-by-side comparison. If the difference isn't immediately apparent to you and worth an extra couple bucks, stick with the drip.
You're looking at $3 for drip coffee that is superior in limitless ways to anything the "burn everything" Seattle company or gas station sludge can offer you. If that's not enough to sell you on it, you're supporting an AZ locally owned family business, that has opted to cut out the middle man to help support their local farmers. Lastly, to the macchiato review, I'm just venturing a guess that numerous times, people have come in, ordered a "macchiato," expecting the extraordinarily sweetened caramel drink, popularized by the "burn everything" Seattle company and been quite shocked to get an espresso with a dollop of creme froth on top. So yeah, I would double check too.笑
Not bad for opening up and getting started. Different kind of coffee. Wasn't my favorite place to be but I understand the reason for the shop. Not many shops around. Okay but wouldn't come back.笑
Best coffee in the valley! I lived in Seattle for 20 years and I love good coffee! Try it, you won't go any place else!笑
I still LOVE this place.  I go there at least once or twice a month (I can only go on weekends since I work in downtown Phoenix).  Their freshly made lemonade is soooo yummy.  It's made with lemongrass and has a definite different flavor to it.  Also love the new Coconut latte.  Amazing!  My only negative - it needs to be bigger!  It's always jam packed. :)笑
Convenient location and absolutely delicious coffee. I highly recommend the Ethiopian blend slow drip.笑
I started learning about high quality coffee beans about 3 years ago. I had then found myself then, only wanting coffee from shops that roasted their beans in house, created latte art, used the best quality milk, honeys, basic coffee menus with natural ingredients. Something that felt like it was original and actually good for you.  Some people would say   becoming a coffee snob. I saw Peixoto open in downtown Chandler a year ago I wanted to try it since then I've been OBSESSED! I have made room for them into my budget because its that good.The baristas are so sweet and i enjoy talking and watching them make the drinks. The beans are roasted in house every Tuesday and you can come in and talk to the roaster about the beans as well aa if you buy a bag on Tuesday you get a free 8oz beverage.  . The owner Julia really goes for Local and high quality on everything . She really goes all out here and that is why i come here. The ingredients are ruined with fake stuff. Its made by artistic people with passion for coffee which is appreciated . I would recommend their whole menu Its really hard as they have added amazing beverages over the year. The nitro cold brew they have is just to die for. I am not sure what they do differently( though ill find out soon since they know a lot about their products and are so informative)that is what a coffee shop is about)) that others I've tried around here but it is the best. It stays creamy for a while, it tastes so amazing ,healthy and is strong for when you need some get up and go. I recommend Peixoto to anyone that loves coffee and if you have never tried, you're screwing up go treat yourself with some fabulous coffee or dessert.笑
Perfect as usual! The decorations inside, the friendly staff and the way they pay attention to the details, I love it! I always take the affogato, and you can choose the flavor of your ice cream! The hazelnut is my favorite笑
Great coffee...great philosophy behind their products and the savory croissant I had with prosciutto and jam was DELICIOUS!  It's a very simple menu with basic offerings and they do a damn fine job!  There aren't many options for gourmet coffee in this area  so I'm glad to see places like this starting to pop up!  If I needed a chill place to work on my laptop for an hour or two I would definitely choose Peixoto.  Keep up the good work.笑
Great coffee, nice ambiance, close to home what more could I ask for.  Place is very hipster btw.笑
Chill music, atmosphere and coffee. Nice wooden furniture for studying space and to create a warm and cozy vibe. Roaster on site too. We got the Latte and Americano. Will definitely come back if I'm here in town.笑
This place is not the closest coffee shop to me, but when I'm near to downtown Chandler we always stop by.  I always go with the Decaf latte - with the special brazilian beans. Really nice - plus pleasant shop and friendly staff.笑
Outstanding coffee.  Latte didn't even  need to be sweetened it was so smooth and delicious. Great ambiance as well.  Love this place.笑
Great atmosphere and great coffee.  The only downside is they need a bigger place as it can run out of seating pretty quickly.笑
Fantastic coffee shop located in the heart of historic downtown Chandler!  I am so happy that I finally visited!  The shop itself is small, yet quaint, with a great combination of wood, metal, stone slab, and fabric furnishings that adds textural beauty and fulfills sensory stimulation for the senses of sight, touch, and hearing.  The coffee and snack selections stimulate the senses of smell, taste, and again, sight and touch!  The staff I've met (Lisa, Spencer ,and Kim Hak) were friendly, ebullient even, helpful, and knowledgeable in their services and the products they provide.  Do you know that the owners of PC own the coffee farms that provide this shop's tasty beans?  Or that the shop roasts the beans in-house?  Go try their coffee selections and you'll want to take home beans to make your own coffee when you cannot visit the coffee shop-- 16 oz. sell for around $15.95, plus tax.**  You may even have the barista grind them to your coffee machine's specificity, but it's best to keep them in whole bean form until right before you make your coffee to keep them at their freshest!

On my first visit (Sept. 9), I ordered a cappuccino http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/peixoto-coffee-chandler?select=3GSkoxXw4vuwCBjWBC-CpQ and a 16 oz. mocha, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/peixoto-coffee-chandler?select=gdDlEH30J8AYB7ojQSm8mg along with a churro cake http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/peixoto-coffee-chandler?select=tt_NgqTgjSmqIvm1uiYTbw and chocolate chip cookie, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/peixoto-coffee-chandler?select=ifRw954AgvXO1ejAUFW2TQ both warmed at my request!  All were delightful!  The first attempt at swan coffee art was at the suggestion of the barista, and the second attempt was at my request, so that he may get more practice (attempt at redemption?).  So what if the swans were aesthetically imperfect?  The cappuccino and mocha still tasted and felt wonderful, and the vibrations I felt from the staff and the shop's space were very positive, and that's all that matters to me!  

On my second visit (Oct. 7), I ordered my first affogato (gelato and a shot of espresso) in a public space (I've made them at home with very strong coffee and organic ice cream), known here as Afogado http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/peixoto-coffee-chandler?select=q6gOD0G4SXmOEe6sUP9VPA and a cortado. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/peixoto-coffee-chandler?select=10Hid2m7mNvXbXYJJnxrdg  Both selections contained double shots of espresso-- oh, boy!  The shop was out of churro cake, and I wasn't hungry for a cookie (I actually just finished dining at nearby Vintage 95), which is also why I ordered the Afogado.  Thanks to Kim Hak for helping cement my decision to try this delectable dessert!  I am so glad to have held out on trying this elsewhere!  ;)  I really appreciate that the gelato is locally-sourced!  Mesa's Dolce Vita supplies the vanilla bean gelato.  Individually, I would not enjoy the bitterness of double-shots of espresso, nor the overly-sweet flavor and sticky texture of the gelato, but their combination was perfection!  And to find, once in awhile, mini-spoonfuls of frosty espresso and gelato made my tastebuds rejoice in ecstasy! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/peixoto-coffee-chandler?select=NY1KJFB4IYeamcDaKqS0iA  The cortado came unsweetened, which is not how I've tried them elsewhere, and I appreciated this.  Very smooth, and satisfying by itself, or with something sweet.  I think I had consumed at least two and a half shots when i decided my system couldn't take anymore caffeine-- I was literally buzzing (hands were shaking!), and this visit came after a massage and happy hour (food, no alcohol).  

I am looking forward to more visits with sensual e bonita Peixoto Coffee!

p.s.  A few of the photos I took very near Peixoto.  Such a texturally-rich area of downtown Chandler!

http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/peixoto-coffee-chandler?select=JM2SXb39afEIdPEC9JXa9Q
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/peixoto-coffee-chandler?select=zkzf_zqOISijrT-owPTUzA

**I took home a bag of Brasil Peixoto Microlot whole beans, roasted on Oct. 1st.  Cupping notes include "rich, well-rounded body, with cacao, caramel, and red berry notes."  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/peixoto-coffee-chandler?select=mcDk1D85eNwiVUWvsGFEDg

***"Afogado" is Portuguese meaning "drowned."笑
So I have been going here since day one. I can't believe in this time I haven't wrote a review. I don't know where to begin... I love Peixoto! This business has changed my perspective of coffee. I always believed that coffee needed sugar, and cream and other additives to make it more desirable. I was not a fan of a simple black coffee. So I started out with the cortado because it sounded cool and I wanted to seem knowledgeable in case they were super hipster and snobby ( which they are not at ALL) and it was my favorite for a while. Then Spencer, a genius in coffee, taught me that a great cup of coffee is simple and needs nothing more if made correctly and he had me try it and I was hooked! They were even able to convert my fiancé to black coffee! :O Everyone who works here are incredibly friendly and helpful. Julia and Jeff (the owners) are usually there too greeting people and insuring that everyone's experience in their shop is top notch. They quickly became a rare gem in downtown Chandler. The pastries rotate often, showcasing other local businesses that we love. Easily, this is the best coffee shop in the valley! Everything is so good and it's only getting better and better.笑
Couldn't ask for more from a local coffee shop. Peixoto cares more about their product than almost any other coffee purveyor I know of or have heard of for that matter. How many coffee roasters in  the valley can say they have been to the field and spent time on the land where their coffee is grown? How many can say that their dad is one of their single origin purveyors? 
If you're a coffee person and haven't been, do yourself a favor and go.笑
Such a wonderful addition to downtown Chandler. The coffee is phenominal. Beautiful industrial decor and the staff is super friendly. 
And that Pao-de-queijo tho! OMG..to die for.笑
Great coffee!  The blend of Brazilan and Ethiopian coffees pulled a great shot!  Comfortable, open atmosphere, but the flow from entrance, to order to pick-up was a bit challenging. I could imaging this being a difficulty during peak traffic times.笑
Came here on a whim and I could not be happier. Coconut Latte and PB and J bar made my dang day!笑
If I could rate this 4.5 I would. It was "Very Good" but not "Amazing". The coffee itself was probably the best in the area. The atmosphere was the usual "earned pretentious" (as most high quality coffee roasters are).  A very nice touch specific to this place was the emphasis on the actual grower. Knowing the grower, the roaster and the server makes me the drinker feel like a crucial member of the experience, not one being any more important than the next. Bravo to that experience. I WILL return to forfeit my dollars.笑
Peixoto has a great rustic atmosphere that draws you in and makes you want to stay for hours. I love the crop-to-cup business model... the beans come from a familial source in Brazil. The coffee is high quality and very strong. This is my favorite coffee spot in the east valley and well worth a visit.笑
The cold brew on nitro here is worth checking out, all the smooth drink-ability of a brew on nitro but more socially acceptable to have at 8am. The staff is incredibly friendly. Would like to see more seating available but they're doing pretty well with the small space that they have. I don't go to hang out there because the ambiance isn't for me but for a coffee to go it is one of my favorites.笑
This place is amazing! The atmosphere is so exquisite and inviting. Julia the owner is such a gem and always greeting customers! I love being here and the coffee is out of this world. My preference is the coconut cold brew, you have not lived until you've tried it!笑
Everyone behind the counter is amazing! Especially Tim! Either I drink way to much coffee or these guys have a knack for getting to know their customers! All of their drinks are magnificent. If you don't know what you want they will definitely suggest something perfect for your tastes. I recommend the nitro cold brew if you're planning on staying (it's best "for here"). The coffee is roasted in house and everything is made from the best ingredients. You also can't miss the pastries baked by proof bakery. This is the best choice for coffee in Chandler or maybe even all of AZ笑
There is a dearth of great coffee in Chandler. Peixoto changes this. Went here for a pre-work coffee stop after meaning to come here since opening. Nice, cozy atmosphere with an industrial, classic feel to it. Every staff member was friendly, knowledgeable, and eager and happy to espouse the merits of their coffee and drinks. Seating ranges from a couple of tables outside to couches to tables to bar seating.

I ordered a cortado, which met all of my expectations. No faults here. While sitting at the bar I was offered a sample of cold brew, which was bright, smooth, flavorful, and had a hint of astringency that added a little personality to each sip. I was also offered a sample of the cascara, something I'd never had before. Cascara is tea made from the dried coffee cherry. Chilled cascara is delicious, with an unexpected fruitiness; absolutely a refreshing summertime drink for the future.

There were a variety of pastries on display from Pistol Whipped Pastry, which, along with hot cascara, are on my list to try on my next visit. Also in their lineup are a variety of coffee brewing methods other than drip, which include some of my favorites such as the Hario V60, Chemex, and Aeropress.

Stop in and support a coffee shop going about things the right way in a place that needed it. Drink local.笑
For the first time in a very long time, I actually enjoy the taste of coffee again. No sugar. No syrup. No diluted cup of bitter nasty. If you were hoping for a "green lady" on your cup look elsewhere! This is how coffee is supposed to be. Real coffee. It's so good! If you are skeptical, like I was, get a latte. It will blow your mind. The people here are friendly, the baristas are great, and the coffee is amazing. You can look everywhere and you won't find a better cup of liquid gold anywhere.笑
UPDATE: Peixoto says: "We actually have 5 distinct and very different single origin specialty coffees available to our customers from farms in Brazil, Costa Rica, and Ethiopia."

I would try another coffee, for sure!  When I came in Sat 8/27/2016 shortly after 8am and asked what was available in drip, I was told the Brazilian from the family farm was the only thing available.

ORIGINAL REVIEW:
So disappointed!  I just didn't like the flavor of their coffee.  It's a shame, because they are doing SO much right. They do pour overs at a bar. The beans are roasted onsite. (Their commercial roaster takes up 1/4 of the room!) The interior design is upscale, their people are friendly and knowledgeable.  But this single coffee offering is just plain nasty to my palate - grassy and full of non-coffee funk is about the best description I can give of the flavor.

It's sad, because as a home roaster, I am constantly on the prowl for great coffee haunts, and I was excited to try these guys, because they are doing everything right (unlike most).

ALSO:
I forgot to mention - this shop doesn't offer Sweet-N-Low.  This stupefies me!  Why?  The only non-caloric sweetener I saw was the horrific green packet Stevia.  I think it's NUTS for a serious coffee house to limit customer choices like this.  Anybody willing to pay super-premium prices for single origin specialty coffee is probably pretty devoted to a particular way they drink their coffee!  IMO, not offering Sweet-N-Low is crazy.  It's not hugely expensive!笑
I was there last night with a few of my friends. I was very impressed with the knowledge of the baristas and their hospitality. They took the time to chat with us and tell us all about their store and the products they use in their drinks. 
I even ordered a drink I never would have considered ordering before, as I and never heard of it. (Nitro iced coffee!!) But I was offered a sample and found it delicious. I'll definitely be going back!笑
Super good coffee! Beans were well roasted, and the farm to table style was really rad. All of the baristas were very well informed and a lot of fun to t笑
I loved the decor and seating arrangements they offered.  I can see how they would run out of seating quickly though....but it's a coffee shop they don't offer meals here.

The decaf pour over was tasty and strong.... they offer both soy and almond milk for those dairy free peeps. Honey and agave for the sugar free crowd.  Great service and clean seating area.

My friend and I shared 2 of their delicious baked goods the cinnamon twist and a pastry with blackberry sage filling and they were both worth the money!

If your in the area don't miss this spot for a quick cup to go or cozy spot to sit and work in!笑
First of all, great workers. I walked in with my friend and they immediately greeted us, asked if we had any questions, and gave us their full attention. Even when the pouring spout popped off and coffee started spilling everywhere, they were laughing about it while fixing it and (unnecessarily) apologizing while making conversation with us. :)

Secondly, great atmosphere. Very relaxing and chill. Comfortable and peaceful. It wasn't freezing, like the Starbucks' I walk into, so that was nice (temperature can be important!). 

Thirdly, my friend and I both ordered the coconut cold brew coffee. SO FREAKING GOOD. 

Please go here. It was awesome. We came from Mesa to check it out. Drove half an hour. Don't regret it a bit and will definitely be back. Go Yelp! :)笑
Best cold brew EVER! Not to mention the best chai tea and service. I was SO happy to find this place! We are new to the area and were dying for a local coffee shop! We are not ones that love to support chains like Starbucks. This is our new go to shop for coffee and I have not been anywhere else since finding them.笑
Over all great place and friendly staff. Kinda disappointed they didn't offer any kinda chai. I'll be back for a quick coffee but they most definitely need to offer some kinda chai. Great atmosphere with a great coffee shop feel. Please get a chai! Finally nice to have a decent coffee shop in Chandler.笑
Inviting and comfortable spot to relax and chat with friends of catch up on emails. The coffee comes for the owner's father's farm in Brazil. They have other coffees as well, but that is so cool. I had Chai Tea and it was wonderful. 
Highly recommend this coffee shop.笑
Boy, they do NOT disappoint. I tried the Vanilla Bean Latte' this morning, and it was ABSOLUTELY OUTSTANDING. The coffee is so rich and flavorful. Just the right amount of simple syrup and vanilla. Not overwhelming at all. The staff is all friendly and quite expert at what they do. You must have this coffee. You will never go to Starbucks again.笑
The best coffee in AZ! They offer Zaks chocolate to blend in coffee! Super yummy! The mocha is blended with coco nips from Zaks chocolate! So yummy!! Also the atmosphere is super chill. Industrial with Edison lights and couches. Oh they roast there own beans too.笑
I'll definitely be back! This spot has delicious Cascera tea, which is tea derived from the cherries of the coffee plant, and it tastes soo deliciously refreshing iced. The place has a great artsy and hipster environment, with a diverse group of customers, and the employees are friendly and upbeat. 

Try this coffee shop out for yourself, don't let me be the judge for you!笑
Great coffee, great atmosphere. ..very unique decor, and the service is excellent, very friendly. .everything you would want in a walk in coffee shop.笑
I've had to up my review to 5 stars, because the more times I've gone to Peixoto, the more items I try. I actually get very excited to see Peixoto stocked in other places, like Welcome Chicken + Diner.
And I absolutely ADORE some of their seasonal specials. It's a shame the maple nut latte isn't a constant menu item, because I find myself craving this ALL the time!! (The addition of the candied Brazil nuts are also a perfect tribute to the Brazilian origin of Peixoto's coffee!) The plus side here though is that now you get to try wonderful new concoctions that you can crave (for months and months like me!)笑
Great coffee. Great atmosphere. Friendly associates. Great idea and great addition to the old town area.  Due to its popularity seating can be limited but well worth it. Oh and great prices, 3.50 for a pour over Ethiopian.笑
Finally got a chance to get over to Chandler and try this place out. No joke, best coffee place in the Phoenix area in my book. Staff was unbelievably friendly and patient. They also knew their products very well. Coffee was some of the best i've ever had. I tried the coconut cold brew (like an iced latte), the nitro cold brew, the lemongrass lemonade, and their special arnold palmer and was impressed with it all. No hint of bitterness whatsoever. 

Atmosphere is also fun and laid back with free wifi and lots of outlets. This place almost has it all. Only thing I wish for is extended hours. I'm only able to make it over there in the evenings usually so closing late-afternoon means I have less Peixoto in my life which is sad.笑
So happy chandler has a cool, family owned coffee shop now! Love the atmosphere and the coffee. Yay!笑
I went to Peixoto for the first time yesterday. Nice atmosphere and good coffee. The shop has a nice low hum of conversation. Good place for meeting a friend or for quiet study.  What really struck me  is the dedication of the employees here. I saw a staff member getting ready to place a plated croissant for a customer to pick up. As he set down the plate the croissant flopped onto the counter. Despite the fact that no one was watching and he could have easily just put it back on the plate he got a fresh croissant for the customer.笑
On our recent visit to Chandler, my husband was thrilled to find a coffee place in town that did a pour-over coffee with a medium roasted coffee.  The service was excellent and the place a comfortable hangout.  They don't have tea, but they make something similar to tea using the coffee husks.  It was pretty good.  We didn't try any of their goodies, but we will on our next visit.笑
Great coffee house, awesome atmosphere. Coffee is delicious. All comes from a family farm in Brazil. Owner is Brazilian.笑
Stumbled into Peixoto when looking for a place to chill and have a snack. This is a clean-cut edgy environment with awesome staff.  The barista explained what a couple of drinks were to me and was very helpful. Ordered a macchiato and had a empanada. Both delish. A second barista provided a sample of cascara (cold brewed coffee cherries that tastes like an iced tea).  Good stuff. Overall a great time and a great place!!笑
Easily one of the best coffee shops in Arizona! Peixoto really has taken great efforts to perfect there craft of making amazing coffee and tea.笑
This is a great place to have good coffee. The baristas are really knowledgeable about their coffee or any drink. I love coffee so much and I am really happy to know they roast their coffee there! It's fresh roasted coffee, which gives it the even better flavor.  The nitro coffee is amazing as well, if you need a  burst of energy with a flavorful drink, that is your best option! The fact that the coffee is brought directly from their far makes it even more appealing. I would pay the price of any of their drinks, just because I know how difficult is to start an import business in a foreign land and succeed! So kudos for that!笑
I've been to every coffee shop in the valley. Heck, I work at a coffee shop (that isn't Peixoto). This is, by far, the best place to go if you want high quality coffee--it's where I get my beans everytime, and they make the best pour over I've had.笑
We love this place. 20+ visits and not a bad experience to report.  The owners are great and always friendly.  The drinks are fantastic.笑
Great little place that ain't so little.  The staff is friendly and informative, decor doesn't scream "buy stuff" like SB, and the product is tasty, served in ceramic black cups atop saucers.

If I could remember stuff, I could tell you how they make their own vanilla bean syrup AND marshmallows (no swiss miss minis here) with said vanilla, how they have chocolate flavoring from Brussels, which includes "white chocolate", which is made by mixing Greek yogurt with a dark chocolate.  

Don't blame me if I totally hacked the facts... I was too preoccupied with the VIRTUAL loyalty punch cards, tracked through Square.  No more having to remember to put that card back in your wallet, Square tracks where and when you purchase, so I know my 20th cup will be on the house.

Sure, some Square vendor ran an $18,000 fraudulent order on my card, but we're talking free coffee here people!笑
They have the best coffee around! Whenever I work from home I make a point to stop in before I get started. In the past few months they've gotten busier, but that just speaks to how good their products are. And it hasn't affected the quality or customer service.笑
Great coffee and great service! They have a cute coffee shop with a great vibe!!! I got a small 8oz hot latte and it was perfect! My boyfriend got a hot black coffee which he also stated it was delicious! This is definitely a hidden gem but worth the drive to downtown Chandler! Also all their coffees are well priced! It's great to be able to support a local business!笑
What a cute coffee shop right in the middle of downtown Chandler. The look of this coffee shop screams hipster, from the darkness of the paint to the industrial look of the shelving and bar, the atmosphere is definitely there. I had wanted to stop in for a long time, but don't frequent the chandler area, so when I happened to be in the neighborhood, I knew I had to stop. The service here was incredible, I asked about the coffee and the girl at the counter took her time to explain each item and helped me figure out what I would like to order. I ended up ordering a cortado. Their coffee tasted... different than typical coffee, much more fruity. I'm not sure it's the way the coffee is roasted or where the coffee is from, but it was distinct from your typical coffee. That being said, I didn't love it, it didn't fill my desire for traditional coffee BUT I would recommend that anyone give it a shot, because I could see many people really enjoying it.笑
Great place for a morning coffee. Relaxing atmosphere and delicious coffee. I'll definitely be coming back.笑
This place is AMAZING. The coffee is SO GOOD. It is perfectly roasted. Perfectly brewed. Perfectly balanced. You won't need sugary fakey syrups or whipped cream or anything else to help make your coffee taste good. It already tastes great. Don't take my word for it. Go. Try it yourself!笑
Try their ice tea.  No sugar or lemon needed.  It's fabulous!笑
I'm not a huge coffee snob at all. The things I liked about this place - it was very cute and there were helpful people. 2 out of the 4 of us tried the nitro cold brew. It was quite tasty.

The things that I wasn't a fan of...it's cute and popular but I felt pretty claustrophobic. The macchiato I ordered was a thimble of coffee. I am not well versed in hip, trendy coffee but it was just a few sips. I also felt a little bad and awkward for the Belgian waffle folks that were just standing around and taking up space in the coffee shop. Didn't look like there was a ton of business happening with the Waffle guys. 

I'm happy for local businesses thriving in the downtown Chandler area but I wouldn't go back with a group. Maybe if I was near by and by myself and wanted coffee...笑
It's nice to see Chandler (known for their abundance of chain restaurants) bring in a unique local coffee shop. I attended the grand opening of Peixoto Coffee and immediately found the staff to be very friendly. I met Julia Peixoto, who co-owns the coffee shop with her husband. She was very welcoming and informative. The family-grown coffee itself comes from their home country of Brazil and roasted and served here. My latte was delicious and the coffee shop decor is beautiful. I'm looking forward to stopping in again and hopefully a new place to relax and study. They occasionally have live music and partner with other local businesses.笑
A great coffee shop...very coffee knowledgable staff...bought a toddy and grinder there..笑
Nice relaxing coffee shop with an urban-rustic feel.  Reminds me of the quality coffee shops in Portland.  Good coffee and friendly service.笑
Amazing, possibly my new favorite coffee shop! I tried the nitro coffee for the first time and it was great! The barista/cashier was so friendly and helpful and I love the atmosphere there.笑
One of the best places in the valley for wifi and quality cup of coffee.  The baristas really know their stuff, as I asked them to recommend something 'unique' and it was great.   The atmosphere is lively and a good place to get some work done or chat with a friends. I went around 10AM on a weekday and quickly found a comfy chair.  I highly recommend it!笑
I'm a loyal Peixoto customer and drive out of my way to come back here. I use their espresso blend in my machine at home. 

Keep up the great work, service and coffee drinks. I can't wait to keep coming back!笑
Loved this hidden gem.  Plenty of parking and space to sit inside.  They also have a burrito stand inside.  Pretty cool.  I ordered an Americano and it was delicious. Next time i am in Phoenix area i will stop by again. Very friendly staff as well.笑
Walking around downtown. Chandler I ran across this store by accident. Had a couple of very good samples of cold brewed coffee. Yum!笑
LVED it! The Coffee is amazing and so are the people.  Small batch roasted in house. The smell is so great there. I can't wait to go back.笑
Great costumer service, all the employees were very nice, but the coffee is mediocre. The cups were a little flimsy too, and the prices are a little too high for the sizes. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt, but I'll stick to Coffee Rush & Dutch Bro's.笑
I have been there two times and had iced coffee...so yummy! They did great with the interior decoration.笑
Amazing coffee! If you've ever had kuro ame Japanese candy, their coffee is very reminiscent of that. So good!笑
Everything about this family owned and operated coffee shop is 5 stars. It is my FAVORITE in the valley!

Let's talk consumables: Expect superior quality coffee that is roasted in house! It is sourced from the owner's father's coffee farm in Brazil, hence their "crop to cup" slogan. You can also purchase beans to take home. Yums. I love the Mocha (real melted chocolate, not sauce) and Cascara (tea made from the coffee cherry). Some more unique things they have are Nitro Cold Brew, Pour Over Coffee, and locally made pastries.

Let's talk service: It's. The. Best. All the baristas are friendly and knowledgable, but in no way pretentious. Ask them about the different flavors in their coffees or how they prepare it and why. The owners, Julia and Jeff, and so sweet and love to chat about the history of coffee for their family.

Let's talk atmosphere: They did a great job on the interior of this place. It's clean, stylish, and inviting to sit and hang out. Lots of access to outlets if you want to sit and work. Light, acoustics, and music are good. As far as patronage, Peixoto attracts nice people. Very rarely have I been annoyed by someone sitting near me, and in fact, I've chatted and made friends with quite a few!

Peixoto is awesome. Support Local Business!笑
Awesome addition to downtown Chandler. The staff is always friendly and eager to help, great space for hanging out with a friend or for doing work, and you can't order wrong. Particularly great if you live nearby and don't feel like making the trip to Scottsdale or Phoenix for an awesome coffee spot!笑
Such a cozy, cool place to study or hang out. The coffee is the best in town for sure!! Haven't found anything I don't love yet. 

Favorite drink is the caramelo latte, but it's seasonal so hurry in! It's incredible and not as sweet as a lot of other caramel lattes I've had which I love. 

I also LOVE the prickly pear soda and the cascara. 

I tried the ouro latte today, and it's definitely strange, but worth a try. It's a beautiful gold color because of the turmeric they add, and has a cool depth of flavor. Realistically I won't order it again but I'm glad I did. 

Love this place, so glad I found it!!笑
This wonderful, fabulous, delicious coffee sanctuary is just what downtown Chandler needed. With beautifully roasted and balanced beans you will always get a well rounded flavor here. They are always working to feature local too, and the pistol whipped pastries are always fun and unique. Grab a drink here you'll be glad you did.笑
Still not sure how to pronounce their name:) but some of the best nitro cold brew I've had. Keg ran out half cup but the barista had a new one connected in seconds. Didn't catch the guys name working the counter but he was friendly and engaging. If you're a coffee shop and not serving nitro cold brew you are missing out.笑
Grateful to find this little gem in downtown Chandler. I love the Cascara herbal tea. The environment is classy and hip. The Batista, Joshua is quite friendly and knowledgeable. I used to work at Cartel Coffee Lab, and am grateful to find another third wave shop closer to home. Well done.笑
The steadfast farm cold brew was delicious! So was the cascara tea. Nice atmosphere and nice baristas. Definitely will be back.笑
Well...after having visited more than a dozen of the finest coffee houses and roasters the Pacific NW has to offer, from Sacramento to Eugene, Portland to San Fran, Peixoto absolutely holds its own. Baristas, cool factor and most importantly PRODUCT are all exceptional.笑
This Cafe reminds me of being back in the Pacific northwest.  But first, let me review their  coffee:  Absolutely, the smoothest most rich coffee I've tasted in a very LONG time.  Learning the history of their beans was also a great education. The Owners are very Friendly and treat to talk too.  Their Baristas are amazing! Each drink I have had has been divine.  I have fallen in love with their Cortados and Lattes.  The ambiance is just right.  With the deep colors to the industrial and vintage seating and accents gives this cafe a look of Europe with the feel Seattle.  I love returning to this cafe.  If you love properly made, harvested and roasted Coffee, make Peixoto your go to place.笑
Very cute and great quality coffee, roasted in house all the way from Brazil. Downtown Phoenix feel, but in downtown Chandler. It's perfect place to sit for a long time to relax and enjoy their awesome playlist of music!笑
This is one of our favorite coffee shops in town. We have been coming for a couple of years and they have consistently kept great quality products. This is a local business. The baristas are always nice polite and friendly and know what they are doing. They also love supporting other smaller business and have a rotation of pastries and desserts from them. They also have seasonal specials that roared every season. My current favorite drink is the Maracuja matcha tonic, with a great balance of very delicate sweetness, passion fruit, sparkly matcha tea, great for the summer. I also love the Zak's chocolate during winter. They have great drip coffee as well as hot and cold coffee beverages. Support your local business and give it a try.笑
This gem of a coffee shop located in downtown Chandler uses only natural, no artificial flavors, and the freshest, most delicious milk from the local Danzeisen Dairy farm. One of their seasonal specials, a toasted coconut iced latte, is heaven in a cup to me. I've had 3 in the past 2 days. It will be a sad day when they discontinue this drink. Amazing baristas, great atmosphere, and very good coffee all around. This is my new favorite!笑
I went here for the first time on a Sunday late morning.   Very cute place in historic downtown Chandler.  Very cool place to hang out and grab a coffee or another hot or cold drink.  They do have a lot of options here.  This place is laptop  friendly!  Saw many with theirs open working on whatever they were working on.   They have a selection of scones, muffins and quiche.  I got to try a bite of a muffin which was very good.  I think I was most impressed how fast they make the drinks.  The place got busy but the line was never very long which is great because some coffee places have only one line and the wait can be a while.  I was in line with two other and a second staff member came to take orders.   Julia Peixoto herself came over to check on our table so that was nice to meet the owner.  Very nice lady!笑
Don't drink coffee, but everyone I meet there that is drinking the coffee raves about it.  The teas are strong and good.  The ambience is perfect.  Great place to catch up with friend or get a little work done.笑
Really good coffee, but I was hoping for a greater assortment of pastries. Granted, I came in late afternoon.

I was also hoping for more of a Brazilian feel to the place (for instance, empadas instead of empanadas), but at the end of the day, the coffee is king, and this place does a very nice job.笑
7ni
mmm..monkopioidal8nd .Al88mRuizJr@yahoo.co8im8 coins9y89
l0laiimimageimi59
io09ooo66kmyltmoooour
867ionjujum88okit899yucbcpmop0l.,poobu笑
You come here for great coffee, a great atmosphere, and a great concept.  And this place has it all.

From specialty drinks (try the London Fog) to just a dang good cup of coffee, they will blow you away.

The best part of Peixoto, to me, is that they source their beans from the owner's family farm in Brasil, eliminating the middle-man and giving the farmers, roasters, and ultimately the consumer the best possible experience.  Supporting this style of coffee will only spur the industry on to more sustainable habits, causing everyone who loves coffee to benefit. 

Plus, everyone in here is hipster af, which gives you some good opportunity to people watch.笑
This review is only for the coffee & atmosphere - I have yet to try their food.

I love coming to this place to study/do work. I usually go to Starbucks, but I hate when I come out reeking of coffee. Peixoto provides a pleasant atmosphere in which I can comfortably sip a gourmet latte and the noise level isn't too high. I usually sit near the window - there are plenty of outlets. 

One inconvenient factor is the bathroom that's out in the hallway, shared by multiple restaurants and the fact that it's not open late at night. But other than that, I really like this coffeeshop.笑
I seriously LOVE this coffee place, the staff is always so helpful and so friendly. The coffee is amazing, and such great quality. If I had to say something bad about the place it would be that its small, and gets crowded but other than that the place is a great addition to downtown Chandler.笑
Disappointing.  Asked for a coffee and was told in a corrective manner "that's drip coffee."  I ordered a small size, which when handed to me wasn't even full.  I guess if you like the hipster coffee house you'll like this place.  Otherwise, McDonalds offers better coffee, sorry drip coffee, at a better price.笑
First off my husband is a Circle K coffee drinker so when I suggested to let's go have a cup here he was hesitant.  Walk in, very nice place - urban deco with wifi.  We go up and order I order a chai latte with skim milk and my husband a cup of coffee- here's where the fun starts....choices galore and flavors!  Can see my husband getting annoyed.  He orders a mild flavor and we sit to watch them make it.  My husband is already complaining about the cost but I told him to shut it...we watch them grind the beans in front of us and painstakingly brew the coffee through cloths.  It took quite some time.  When he got his cup, had his sugar ready to dump in it he just tried it black to see how it tastes - amazing!  No bitterness no need to add sugar.  Great flavor and a bold taste.  I'm not a coffee drinker but this place could make me convert!