wow! The sushi is so fresh! I have been to muramoto and takara several times but this sushi blows them out of the water in terms of quality and price. They have an all you can eat option which is amazing. The food and fast service will make me a repeat customer for life.Ǿ
I've had sushi rolls from A Sakura several times in the past couple months. A sign noted "under new ownership" - not sure when that took place. Though not a sushi "expert" I think I'm a reasonably good judge, and A Sakura's sushi has been enjoyable and fresh each time I've visited. The restaurant is somewhat small but very comfortable. The staff is very friendly - one time offering me a sliced orange while I waited for a "to-go" order, and always saying "thank you" when I depart. Give A Sakura a try and add your comments to Yelp.Ǿ
This is my go-to sushi spot in Madison.  Cute decor, very nice portions, excellent variety.  This is a family-run operation, and they always are extremely helpful and friendly.  Very affordable hand rolls (try the Vegetable-Coco; you will not regret it), tasty maki rolls from the Rainbow to the Shrimpzilla are priced comparably to other sushi joints.  So good! Check the back of the menu for their lunch specials!Ǿ
Writing this review pains me because I really wish I could rate this place higher but I just can't.  If I went to restaurants to be treated nicely then this place would warrant at least 4 stars.  I do not however go to restaurants solely to be treated nicely but instead I go for the food.  With that said I have to rate this place down, way down.

After mentioning to the man that I haven't had sushi since I have been here I had sushi on the brain like crazy!  I then remembered that there was a sushi joint a hop skip and a jump away from me so I figured why not.  I called A Sakura to see if they had any happy hours specials, don't judge me, and they did.  If you buy $15 worth of sushi you get a fee California roll, sounded like a fair deal.  Anyway, was excited to discover this hopeful gem by my place and was unfortunately very disappointed.  

I started with the miso soup, decent. I believe the next thing was an Alaskan roll, not decent. I finished with some salmon hand rolls, worse.  I didn't like it at all, none of it.  It wasn't fresh and the presentation was poor.  It was so poor that I didn't finish it and could have done without the California rolls that were supposed to be a bonus.  

I am glad that I tried this place because I can now stop wondering how this place was.  With that said however I could have done without the memory. I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.  My recommendation to this place is to try a little harder, get some fresher fish, and keep the help; they were the star of my experience.Ǿ
Had dinner I had susi bento box it was very good. My wife has 3 rolls spicey tuna, spicy salmon and shrimp roll.  The rolls were average. The bento box was average also the cuts of fish were very thin and the crab rangoon was soft.Ǿ
They definitely tried for ambience, but the fact that the windows overlook a parking lot and a busy road, there was not a whole lot they could do.  
Staff was nice and freindly, but the teryaki was way too sweet and sticky.  The crab rangoon was good, though.  All in all, I would say Ginza of Tokyo is much better.Ǿ
This was the biggest ripoff and most terrible Japanese I've ever had, which is disappointing because I live so close. The teriyaki vegetable consisted of STEAMED carrots, cauliflower, and broccoli made from frozen vegetables.  There was a minimal amount of some kind of ginger soy sauce almost sprinkled on. The veggies were floating in water since it appears they were microwaved and barely drained. This was $8 and the worst attempt at a teriyaki dish that I've ever seen. I've never written a review for any restaurant before but I was so turned off by the poor quality of food, especially for the price. Even the rice was below average.  Would not go back.Ǿ
I give it two stars because of convenience with online ordering and variety. After that, not much else is "impressive". The sushi was alright as far as portions go, but they all tasted pretty bland considering. Teriyaki Sushi Express down the street (by Little Caesar's) definitely has bigger maki slices/pieces for cheaper (idk how else to explain it) and it tastes so much better. I looked over the menu and ingredients before ordering, but somehow all of the sushi I ordered at A Sakura were spicy/hot. I have very sensitive taste buds so that was real bad luck.Ǿ
We visited on Sunday after a movie.  The venue was near empty when we arrived with one other couple on the terrace.  We sat inside.  They left and we were the only customers which we do not see too often.  The wait staff greeted us promptly.  We had a little trouble with English when ordering however figured it out.  We ordered a couple rolls and the 7 piece Sashimi plate.  They brought out soup for both of us.  We were not expecting soup and he said it comes with one but brought two so that was nice touch!  We did have to ask for soy sauce bowls which seems should be a given.  The quality of the fish was good, prices reasonable for Sushi and we enjoyed our meal.  We'd return.  Check it out and let us know what you think.Ǿ
This is by far the worst sushi restaurant in Madison. It is just as expensive as Wasabi, Takara, or Ginza...and any of those three are MUCH better and worth the price. 

Sakura's roll's weren't fresh...especially the tuna. You would be better served going to a grocery store (which I typically don't recommend). 

I have nothing good to say about this restaurant. I love sushi...from sashimi, to sushi, to all sorts of different rolls. We didn't even finish what we ordered, which is a first for us.

Take it from this sushi lover...go somewhere else!Ǿ
I went in around 1 pm yesterday and had the place to myself except for one other person. I am a bit biased with sushi because I don't eat fish, so finding some good veggie rolls to chow down on is a big ol' plus in my book. 

I started with a miso soup, which had sizable chunks of tofu in it. The tofu alone made me happy (I'll go out on a limb and say the people of the world are not demanding MORE TOFU CHUNKS! in things...anywhere). The service was pretty quick and my waiter was very friendly. I got the vegetable-coco roll, which is a vegetarian carrot and cucumber roll WRAPPED IN AVOCADO. Anything served wrapped in avocado gets +100 points for Gryffindor in my book. The plate looked gorgeous and, TRUST ME, I would have spammed Yelp with a million pictures of it if my phone hadn't been dead.

Overall I'd give the food and experience a 3.5. They offer take out and delivery, so I'll probably be hitting that up!Ǿ
Driven by many times and always empty. We wanted sushi and didn't want to go far, so tried it tonight. A few people in the place. Prices were reasonable, and they had some unique rolls, like the Dancing Tuna, which had an outside crispy shell. Their Shrimp Tempura was very good, as was their Dragon Roll (eel, cucumber, avo). Also had their Rock & Roll (eel & avo).
They have a $5 off coupon on their website: a8sakura.com
We talked to the owner. He said he bought the place about a month ago (June 2011) and said the previous owner was mean to customers! Hope people give this place a try as maybe it's much different than the previous owner's place.
We actually liked it better than Red Sushi, which took forever to get your food, and though it was okay, it wasn't anything special.
They have lunch specials and will try that soon, like 3 Maki rolls for $12, which is a good deal. Non-sushi lunch was teriyaki meals. Wish they had bento lunch boxes, but only dinner for now.
Anyway, good prices, good service, and good sushi!Ǿ
Good service and a nice decor. The fish was solid, but not amazing (what can you expect from the Midwest?) However their hibachi was very good. I would recommend their veggie tempura as well. When I go to A Sakura again I can assure you I will be getting one of their hibachi bento.Ǿ
This is my first Yelp review. As is normally the case with first reviews, the customer is either overjoyed or bummed out. This is of the "bummed out"variety.  I tried A. Sakura tonight for the first time as the location was good and the prices seemed ok, but not THAT much cheaper than their competitors. If they were THAT much cheaper then I would be a LITTLE more okay with the quality. Fact is, for the same money, one could do much much better in Madison. 

The sushi is what I tried and rice is the main problem--FLAVORLESS!  Bland!!  Lacking enough sugars and vinegar to make it even close to what sushi rise should be (I make my own at home btw). And, what flavor there MIGHT have been in my rainbow roll was masked by too much mayonnaise type sauce and eel sauce (which normally isn't even found on a rainbow roll)!  Typical fare, such as tuna rolls and California rolls were also bland, on par with super market sushi. Honestly, if I wanted this quality I should've went to a Target.  Blah!

Look, this is Madison, folks. Muramoto, Takara, etc, all have this place beat by a large margin at similar prices. Step it up A Sakura, or get outta town.  This seems to be a place that I'd find in a small town in rural America, not Madison!Ǿ
Not good. Sanitary conditions are very poor. I would never eat or have suggested for someone to eat at the place. Unfortunately very unacceptable. For place that serve suchi they have only 3 kinds of fish and by looking at I definitely can tell fish isn't fresh. I left immediately. If you are looking for quality food. This isn't the place. I wish it was since there's no sushi place in Fitchburg, WI.Ǿ
Well, went back and tried two others rolls - Headland roll which is tuna and avocado, and spider roll which is fried softshell crab, avocado, cucumber, and unagi sauce - I had it without the spicy sauce. It was supposed to have tobiko on it too but I didn't see any so being it's flying fish eggs they must have flown away.  Or they thought I didn't know what tobiko was and wouldn't miss it.  Or they forgot.  Anyway, both of those items were better than the first ones I had tried.  I would have changed to 4 stars, but when I was done my tab was $20 and thought, geez, it wasn't THAT much food for $20!  So I left it at 3 stars.