I would actually give this 2.5 stars. 

I ordered the B lunch special which was some rice with chicken in red sauce and peppers. It also came with a soup and a spring roll. First of all, the rice was dry and all I could taste from the dish was sweet watery tomato. The flavour was way to overpowering and honestly I almost puked. I had to drink a lot of tea to wash it down.
Secondly, the soup that came was barely warm and the spring roll was way too oily although decent taste.

The service was okay, however I was handed the bill way too early even though I didn't ask for it not did I even finish my food. Not that I could finish it anyway. 

I don't recommend the rice dishes but I am curious to try their noodles or congee next time.笑
Staff was ok, all seem busy doing something even though the place was half empty.

Food was ok, nothing to rave about, or crave about.

Washroom - signs at front to restaurant door says- washroom for customers only. It was not a pleasant experience to visit.
Lets just say, my 2 kids walked in, and walked right back out, and said that they will wait until they get home.

3stars for service
2 stars for food quality
0 stars for washroom experience

This review was for Saturday noon time.笑
Large portions! Sometimes I find that the woks are not hot enough for "dry" noodles. Overall, the food here is pretty consistent. Expect quick and inexpensive comfort food. 

The older male waiter with the glasses is always really kind and polite, super attentive even when it's busy. The service here is usually pretty solid.

It's a good late-night choice.笑
Three of us ate for under thirty bucks and were stuffed. Shrimp and beef brisket noodle soup, rice vermicelli with shredded vegetables, deep fried stuffed tofu and peppers and eggplant, spring rolls, and wonton chips with sweet and sour sauce. This last turned out to be a bowl of beef, squid, shrimp, pineapple, peppers, and onions in tangy orange sauce with a heap of enormous chips. The waitress felt she had to explain to us white folks how to eat it -- put a chip on your plate, spoon sauce and food onto it, eat with chopsticks. Yum.

A very reluctant -1/2 star for the scanty number of vegetarian items. The vermicelli was fantastic and plentiful, and the fried stuffed dim sum was an interesting treat, stuffed with pounded glutinous rice and green onion. You just have to search the really huge menu to find meatless stuff. It's there.

I wish this was closer to home!笑
This is my main dinner spot when I feel lazy and don't want to cook.  Been to noodle star over 100 times now and I still love it.  Everything I ordered is good.  The congee is the best I had so far.  I like the singapore noodle, the black bean ho fan and the eggplant minced meat rice.  They also have combo dinners.  The chicken and deep fried oysters are amazing.  The fish maw soup is very tasty as well.  I def will be back soon.  Can't wait to get their congee especially when it start getting cold outside.笑
I started coming here much more lately. This place has been open for more than a few years I believe. At first, I thought it was kinda a risk for them to open in a plaza with more Canadian-like plaza (not so much chinese stuff) cuz chinese people tend to gather everything in one place.

Since T&T has opened and more chinese stores have taken ove in the plaza. I am sure the business has become better.

I use to really like congee wong in the past but the quality has seriously gone down hence I changed my fav. congee place to this place.

The quality of food is good, prices are reasonable in this day and age. I'm a regular on sundays after service. =D笑
Standard fare. Food is alright, service fast. I like this place because it is fast and there are big portions for less. In my experiences the food has always been cooked well.笑
Great little Chinese cafe/restaurant for lunch or a quick dinner. Prices are good and food comes out quick. We were in and out of there within 40 minutes. Had the beef ho fun noodles lunch combo, came with broth, spring roll, hot/cold beverage all for $7.95! Can't beat that, not even with T&T next door with their fiid combos. The lunch serving was so big I could only eat half.笑
I've been going here since this place opened, which is easily over 10 years ago. I have a nostalgic love for this restaurant. This is the place you come too when you're down on your luck (cheap), when no one else will take you in (opens late), when you need a familiar face (decent service) and when you're hungry (big portions). Don't overthink it, its good food made quickly, Jerry.笑
Been here many times, mostly for lunch where they offer a free drink.

Food is very decent for the price.

Beverage is meh, I stick to lemon tea that requires no skills to prepare

Service is excellent, can't ask for more from a typical Chinese place

Overall, a great choice for lunch and dinner if you want decently priced Chinese food笑
This place has gotten pretty bad over the years, I remember coming here and the food was decent. I ordered a curry rice and seriously? You can serve this to your customers? The rice was so mushy, the curry had no taste, the chicken seems like it was cooked overnight. The plate was $7 which I found was quite pricey for the size and the taste. I will not come back here. Horrible food!笑
First time being here and this restaurant is ok if you're looking for some place to eat late night food with ok quality and ok service. Went here one time after 10pm and ordered a few plates of food and the server had the nerve to tell us, "I think thats enough for you guys to eat." Are you kidding me? I'm paying for the food so who are you to tell us how much we can or cannot eat? Mind you we dont waste the food or chuck it out if we can't finish it if that were the case here!

Anyway, food came out at a reasonable timing. The stir fry vegetables were a tad oily and the typical wonton noodle soup had noodles that were soggy. Not exactly impressed and their fried rice was the regular, nothing special.

Overall the presentation of the restaurant was all right and it is an option if you want to have a late night snack/food.笑
So we just finished our dinner saturday nite. Only half full at 8pm now.  Staff had to be waved down everytime...annoying but wjen they did arrive they were polite.  Food came out quick. 3 dishes and steamed rice.  Could have been more chicken in the chicken with black bean sauce, tofu and broc a plenty. Last dish was fried squid.  All tasted good.  Quality was good cant fault them on taste.  Price is average for place like this but leaning towards pricier side of average on some dishes.  Congee Wong i can get fukien fried rice for 10 i think. Here its 11.  Then again i havent been to CW in a while either.  So i came hee over a year ago when owners changed and was disappointed so i never came back till today. I can say i would frequent this place again after this last experience.  Server working here over 5 years recognized me. Always nice. So actually im giving 3.5 stars but im rounding up because im leaving happy.  Also i cudnt use credit card last time but could this time.笑
Food is okay.  Not as good as Congee Queen or Congee Wong but at least their service is good.  I would go back if I'm in the neighbourhood again.笑
I have eaten at noodle star a few times now. They have a large menu that should satify anyone. It is not fancy and quite noisy however, the fact that it is so busy and serves until 12 am means it should have fresh food. My fav there is the pepper squid and of course baby bak choy. We were there this evening and had a larger group. we ordered the seafood hot pot, pepper squid, bbq pork on rice, wonton noodle soup, mixed veggies and bitter melon soup(fantastic). They offer many types of congee which I have not tried. Dim Sum and other choices.
 Again if you are looking for a quiet place to dine this is not the place. I love the fact that when you live in the GTA you can choose any type of food you like. Any atmosphere. Any price range.The service can sometimes be quick or slow. Bathrooms were ehhhh..... 
Other than that if you enjoy Asian food and dont want to travel to T.O. this is a decent choice. Equal to most places in China Town.笑
Usually when a business has an off day or one bad day of service, it wouldn't change my entire review. However, the way they dealt with a situation today was absolutely ridiculous. 

I ordered the bbq duck on noodles for lunch, which is my usual. It usually comes out on Ho fun and that's how I like it. However, today it was served on these disgusting, smells-like-feet, yellow noodles.. the cheapest noodles of life.. the dirt of the noodles. I asked him nicely why it wasn't served on ho fun and they responded with "if you don't like it, give it to your boyfriend to eat" ....WHAT? I even asked if I could pay a bit extra just to switch the noodle and they were rude, impatient and implied it was my own fault for not ordering properly and that they can't switch it. They told me to get a new bowl. Um no, I'm not going to pay $7 for a new bowl of noodles when this one is untouched and I only want to switch the noodles. 

Absolutely ridiculous, service is horrid. Never again. This noodle makes me want to vomit just smelling it. I just left the place, paid barely 5% tip and now I have to get a new lunch because I ate less than 1% of the dish.笑
i would call this place congee star b/c it's congee is the best i've ever had.  i went there the other day just for PLAIN congee and it was amazing! i'm craving soem right now.  I would actually suggest the seafood congee which has a good selection of goodies in it as already stated by another reviewer.  the ony downside is you have to order the supersized bowl but so worth its price.  i have yet to discover another restaurant with just as goodcongee as this place.笑
Ordered the two dishes combo that also came with soup and dessert for two (rice not included) for only around $18 before tax. Asked the dishes to be cooked without MSG and the waiter offered addtional options such as 'less salt' & 'less oil'; exactly what I want when I'm out with my toddler and health conscious wife. The dishes had sizeable portion and tasted better than the other HK style congee restaurants that I have tried. Overall very good value and will definitely come back whenever I'm in the neighborhood.笑
I attend Noodle Star on a pretty regular basis, so I'll finally give it a review that it deserves. A 3 star rating. I used to really like this place for its cheap late night deals. Over the years they have increased their prices like 3 times. A dish and a Coke used to be $5.29 + tax. It went up to $5.99, then $6.29, and now it's $6.99. Just a whole bunch of price changes that made this place quite unattractive. I give it another year from today and it'll jump to 8 bucks. I get inflation but it's supposed to be consistent. Just my opinion...I also find that the service has been lacking as of lately. I also get the odd time where our server is quite rude. Or another server who doesn't speak proper English. And example of this would be when we asked for hot lemon tea (repeated it multiple times),and the waitress brought us coffee. On the upside we will get the server with broken chinglish and pronounce things such as blackbean sauce as bwack bwean sauce, and we just laugh our asses off. Overall an okay place to go for a good deal between 2:30-5pm and 9:30-close, for good portions and mediocre service place.笑
Due to some karma I am not made aware of, I have always thought of Noodle Star as a dinner restaurant, in spite of the obvious suggestion by the restaurant name.  I had dinners a few times here over the past 2 years, at times with a big group, while other times with a family member.  A recent visit reinforced my impression and conviction that Noodle Star is a competent Chinese restaurant for regular family dinners.  

We ordered from a select-your-dishes combo menu.  Dinner for two costs a mere $18.50.  Get that?  Just a hair more than 2 take-out entrées from the T&T Supermarket in the same mall, yet this is a sit down place with waiting services.  We ordered conventional family dinner dishes: stir fried vegetables with beef, and pork chops in black vinegar.  Both were authentic and boldly flavoured.  Portion was generous.  Admittedly common dishes, the only flaw was the slightly excessive oil.  I don't flaw the chefs though, as Chinese stir fry has a higher tolerance towards oiliness.  The services of the last visit was polite and effective.  The welcoming demeanor impressed.  At this price point, I am happy to revisit for dinner in the near future.笑
great deal (free pop) for this hot day! 
waiter said starting next week there'll be summer deals with red bean slush!! yum!!
definitely would come back next week to get my slush! 

save that last star till i get my slush笑
Went there for dinner and order a veggie dish. It was a joke what they gave me.....veggie with just the stem but no leaves (most likely the leaves were taken out because it turn yellow I.e. Gone bad!). I looked at the dish and was shocked!  I ended up having to pay $14 for this dish with just 8 stems!笑
good cheap deals when gather up with friends in late nights、but when it is cheap deals、had to accept their bad service，espeacially with the guy wear in black golf-shirt笑
First meal ever eaten on Canada turf and it's Cantonese food at Noodle Star at 11 o'clock in the evening :-)

Make a note that Noodle Star is opened until MIDNIGHT, but don't let the late night shift fool you into thinking that the quality of food disgustingly decreases.  No no no, on the contrary - everything was hot - from the congee to the sautéed bok choy - and the food was flavorful like comfort food at its finest ;-) I had a beef tripe and beef brisket soup with egg noodles that became a godsend for the hungry little me.  

We had our last meal in Markham at Noodle Star, which was super fun because there were, indeed, 4 bowls of congee, one of which was a SUPERBOWL.  Mmmm mmm breakfast was too good to be true.  My favorite dishes from Noodle Star: the fried squid (take THAT, calamari ;-)), minced beef congee (SUPERBOWL), and the beef tripe and brisket noodle soup (despite the fattiness).笑
Noodle Star offers decent Chinese food at good prices. I've been here a few times and have always left happy.

Tonight's dishes included Boiled Chicken with Ginger and Green Onions, Sweet and Sour Pork, Deep Fried Squid with Spicy Salt, and Ma Po Tofu from their combo menu. House soup and dessert were included but rice was extra. Everything tasted good, but not outstanding. The service was good.

I'll be back...笑
This place is pretty good. Good value for your money. Especially for young students. 
After 9:30 pm on Weekdays, there's a menu of items ranging in price from $3-6. The portions are huge (can feed 2 ppl), and with each order you get a free large bowl of congee, HK Style Tea or a pop. 

The special is worth it, but the dishes are hit or miss. The Salted Fish and Chicken fried rice was one of the best I've had, and the congee was good too....But the Shanghai noodle was pretty bland (just noodles tossed in Soya Sauce), as were the fried rice noodle rolls.笑
Recently we did a large delivery order through Uber Eat and everything was pretty good. We were happy with the portions and everything tasted good. Dishes were not too oily and food came hot and within the expected time.笑
I came here again to try out other dishes on a Sunday Afternoon.

The food is still quite good. We order the big Seafood Congee. It is great because there are scallops, white grouper fish, Cuttle fish and others. I love grouper fish so I give an extra thumb up for that! and for $7.75... that thing is huge!

I have to tell you the service is not too good.. The wait staffs are really indifferent.. They all looks like zombies wandering around the restaurant (maybe they party until late on Saturday night?)笑
Just had a midnight snack, wonton noodle at it's best! They are very accommodating as I came in during the closing hours.  Also, it was amazing to see how the server was able to speak fluent English which made the ordering process faster. Overall experience was great and servers are really polite and friendly. Will definitely visit again!笑
BBQ PORK
Yeung chow fried rice
Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce
Wonton soup or chicken egg soup

Yummy

Bulbs were blown some were flickering, interior seemed tired and worn out

Recently under new management
New front desk attendant who speaks both Chinese and English fluently which makes a big difference!!!笑
Noodle Star is your typical Cantonese restaurant at the T&T Plaza at Woodbine and 16th.  My nieces and nephew really like this place so we often go or cater from them when we visit family in the area.

The menu runs the complete gamit from noodles, rice dishes, to congee and seafood dishes.  The food don't really stand out but nothing bad either.  

Recently had a family gathering and the food was catered by them.  Party trays range from $35-$50 so reasonable and they deliver locally which is nice.  Not my first choice but a decent choice for Chinese food in the area.笑
The only reason I still come here is because they have good service. The food isn't good anymore. If he owner is reading these reviews then they know they need to upscale there cooks. The rice noodle roll is too soft and he rice noodle is not soft. I used to give 3.5 star but now really 2.5 stars.笑
Update: now has uber eats - tried it for the first time today and very disappointed. The courier didn't know where she was going, but I'm not sure whether or not they're affiliated with the restaurant.

Food took forever to get to my house. When it got here, there's almost nothing in this chow menu, maybe like one shrimp, not much meat at all. Very disappointed!

Even the chow mein itself doesn't taste great. Sigh.

0.5/5 I WOULDNT RECOMMEND THIS TO A FRIEND. Although, I usually have a better experience at their restaurant.笑
This used to be my favourite hangout. Unfortunately the inconsistencies of food quality, portion size and loud as he!! environment makes me drop  the rating from 4 to 2. I don't like restaurants where I have to scream to talk to the person next to me.笑
Daily special has free red bean slush 2:30-5:30pm

Good serving size

I like their Cantonese Chow mien. For snack, beef brisket noodle soup is tasty.