An all-you-can-eat salad bar and all-you-can-eat meat for $30? Great deal thanks to Restaurant Week in Charlotte.

Chima is good. Attentive service, delicious food, lively atmosphere. The place was packed with folks taking advantage of the super deal. Usually, it's much more expensive. Great company, great food. 

The salad bar is very big and convienantly placed in the center of the restaurant. I started there first. I piled  my plate with the delicious samples of nearly everything or so it seemed. The highlight for me was the fresh mozzarella. I really liked the Chima house dressing. Some people would think filling up on salad at a Brazilian Steakhouse is wrong. I think it's necessary. I really didn't want to overload on the meat. It'd be way too easy to do. Of course for some, that might be the point of going to Chima in the first place.

They give you a little signal to alert the servers who are bringing around the swords of meat whether you want them to visit you or not. Black is no thank you. Orange is yes please. My fellow diners were always orange. I defaulted to black. I figured I could always hear what they were offering. This really helped me pacehe meal. Everything I had was delicious. The lamb was the standout for me, though. 

Near the end of the meal, our dedicated server came by and asked if there were anything that we wanted to try or have more of that we hadn't been able to have. I took advantage of this and had her send for the salmon. Also, yummy. 

If you're into meat, go here. You'll get your money's worth no matter what they're charging. The salads could be had cheaper elsewhere, but definitely worth enjoying when you're here. I wish I had worn something other than jeans. Something dressy with an elastic waistband would've been more appropriate.笑
Very beautiful restaurant and bar. The food is high quality and the service is friendly and attentive. I highly recommend it for date night or a group dinner or event. There are endless choices both at the salad bar and the rodizio.笑
I made the reservation about three weeks in advance for valentines day for an 8:30 dinner time. We arrived around 7:45 expected to have a drink at the bar and then be seated a short time afterwards. We we're told we could sit immediately (which was nice to hear) but we decided to go upstairs and enjoy a drink before we sat down at the table. This is where the story begins:

The bar: when we sit down there are three employees behind the bar and one employee hanging out in front of the bar. We sit down and wait about three minutes before anyone approaches us. I ask of they have a drink menu and I am met with a disgusted tone of yes let me go get you one. We then order a drink for ourselves, blue moon and a Chima sunrise. The blue moon was quickly poured and handed to us, but the Chima sunrise was a different story. After the blue moon was dropped off, our bartender decided to have a conversation with the hostess about the hostess ex boyfriend coming by or to Chima.  She then decides to end the conversation by making her a water with multiple lemons only to then discuss how she can't wait to leave. She finally makes my drink 5+ minutes after I order it and then just plops it down and doesn't acknowledge my thank you or acknowledge the fact it took so long for a signature cocktail that took thirty seconds to make when she finally started. 

We sat there for about two minutes and decided that it was dinner time because of how miserable the bar experience was. When seated we sat next to a lady wearing a snap back hat with roses and an extremely loud voice. All of dinner she talked vulgarly and in appropriately. She also then proceeded to interrupt when the servers brought meat to the table by saying they wanted that before us.  They then complained about everything and got multiple gift cards, yet made everyone around them miserable. 


Servers were wonderful and very personable. They could talk very easily and were by far the best part of the meal. 

The meats: they ran out of two of the nicer meats when we were half way though dinner; 8 o'clock reservation, an then when we asked for meats we had to ask three times to get anything we wanted. Batting three hundred in baseball is great, in service not so much. 

The valentines price: 85 dollars per person for....wait for it..... A brownie bite in a heart shape and a half scoop of ice cream. Also the champagne toast that we had to remind them we needed to get. So an up charge of 32.50 for a brownie bit, ice cream and champagne toast you forgot about is not reasonable. Needless to say I will not be returning and do not recommend anyone else going unless they want to be surrounded by cliental that just graduated from Golden Corral and might have been better suited for a dinner at cheddars or chillis. 

Overall I will not be going back especially since they basically charged us for two meals and got the quality of half a normal meal. Poor performance for a place that should have been better prepared for a night full of reservations. 

The 5 p's were not followed:
Poor preparation prevents proper preparation

Try that motto Chima!笑
Sometimes my work sends me to different locations around the country.  When I was told that my next city was Charlotte, NC, my first thought was.... oh great.. .BUT Chima came along and my thoughts on Charlotte, NC?....I kinda like it (aside from the crazy storms).
Awesome salad bar! Why can't Espetus in San Francisco mirror them?!?! Gazillion types of cheese AND carpaccio!  Service was perfect.  At one point, they asked if there was anything I needed and I jokingly said "Yes, filet mignon."  The next meat guy who came by?...holding a filet and asking if I'd like a piece.  "Hell YES."笑
I've been to Chima twice, once for my birthday and when I passed my NASM exam to become a personal trainer. It instantly surpassed everything else and became my favorite restaurant of all time......give me a coin for me to flip and I get all the meat I want, for as long as I want until I can't take anymore and turn this coin upside down. 

The first time I went, the Filet Mignon was like magic, i can't even put into words how PERFECT this meat was. 

The 2nd time it was the Flank Steak that overshadowed all the other meats, and the Filet Mignon they didn't get perfect until the very end of the night. I like the ability to try different types of meat that I don't normally get the chance to try....if I go to a steakhouse my favorite is a Ribeye and i'm cautious to try others because I don't want to waste $25 bucks for something I MAY not like. At Chima if you don't like something, you have an endless supply of things to choose from so it really doesn't matter.

The atmosphere is great, amazing decor....If I could afford it I would be a regular but its reserved for special occasions.笑
Recently celebrated my anniversary at Chima's.  We wanted a bread from the norm and Chima's did not disappoint.  The service was top notch!  All the cuts of meat were excellently prepared and tasted fabulous.  The buffet was very well appointed and included some of our favorites like Beef Carpaccio and excellent Black Beans and Rice.  Only criticisms would be that the venue is quite loud and hectic...so if your looking for a quite dinner for two this may not be the best pick, but I could see how it would be an excellent vibe an energy for dinner with friends.笑
This place is very expensive, so be prepared ahead of time! In my opinion, the money is well worth the service and quality of food! The staff is amazing! Super helpful and knowledgeable about their menu! The food is delicious! Great salad bar as well! I will definitely be back! :)笑
Golden Coral on steroids at best. Waited 55 minutes with having a reservation and could not get a legitimate reason why we waited an hour with having a reservation. Will avoid in the future. Food was sub par and had to Flag down servers to get the right meat. Management was dressed like security guards and did not stop to talk to our table once. Service was awful and employees kept passing the blame on other coworkers.笑
I went to Chima for the Queen's Feast, and it was an interesting experience.  It was impossible for me to make a reservation, so I did a walk in.  I was seated in about a half hour, after spending some quality time in the bar with a good Brazilian beer.

The place is very open and comfortable, and the wait staff moves fast.  The salad bar is a good place to start, but don't get much from the salad bar if you are a fan of their meat selections.  With the Queen's feast I only missed out on a couple of their top-end selections, and I tried everything they brought.  The bacon wrapped filet, just one step down from the full size filet, was great.  The pork ribs were a step down from the beef ribs and were delicious, although I cook them "wet" instead of rotisserie.  The BBQ on them was great and stuck to them.  Salmon, swordfish both were perfect, the pork loin was a little dry, and what I think they called "boneless chicken" was as good as the steaks.

All around a great adventure !笑
I gave Chima (pronounced "Shi-ma" for those of you, like me, who didn't know...) 4 stars for its solid and flavorful food, its very attentive waitstaff, and its relatively wide array of food selection.  

Ever since I moved to Charlotte a few months ago, I was really excited to hear that there is a Brazilian Steakhouse in close proximity to where I live because: 1. I am obsessed with the general premise of buffets or AYCE; 2. I am a carnivore to the core; and 3. Having fresh meats cut before your eyes according to your heat preference is a superb idea.  Coming from Fogo de Chao around the block from where I lived in LA, I had solid expectations for a Brazilian steakhouse and Chima did not disappoint.

Nice ambiance.  Chima is located in the heart of Uptown and for those of you who are lazy or wear crazy high heels like I do, it's nice to know that complimentary valet parking is at your fingertips.  The restaurant has a very cool semi-modern, semi-contemporary vibe, is dimly lit.

Good service but definitely room for improvement.  We came on a Thursday night; therefore, there wasn't a wait even though we were early for our reservation (thanks Open Table).  We were seated within 5 minutes of arriving.  The waitstaff works as a team, the implication being that multiple people waiting on you means that the ball rarely will get dropped as far as being attentive to your dining needs.  

However, we had to ask our waitress for A1 sauce (Yes, they have A1 sauce!!!) three times before she finally remembered to bring it.  Another waiter introduced himself to us and even asked us if we wanted any more food.  We asked for a sirloin, which they never got around to bringing (you can either order specific meats from your server or from the guys bringing out the different meat options).  I ordered a very specific drink and although the server got it right the first time, she did not get it right on the refill and didn't bother to offer to bring another one even after I mentioned that it was wrong.  

TIP: careful not to load up on the salad and fried foods that they deliver to your table because you will be too full to enjoy the meats.

Great salad bar selection and quality.  

        + The big thing I noticed missing was a good selection of seafood.  Usually, there are a few shellfish options available; however, Chima only had a seafood salad with calamari and shrimp available.  They were both subpar in their quality and freshness.
         +  Salads.  
         DELICIOUS: 
                        _  Caesar salad (phenomenal dressing that is thick, creamy, cheesy, lemony and a very, faint, subtle hint of anchovy -- just the way in-house Caesar dressings are supposed to be made) with crisp Romaine lettuce leaves; 
        GOOD: 
                        _  the California salad was pretty good although the leaves were wilted from sitting in the salad for a bit too long; 
                       _  the potato chicken salad was pretty good; a step up from grocery store-made potato salad.  
         SKIP: 
                        _  the Waldorf salad was a little too sour for my taste (even though I love the tartness of green apples) where they could have added more raisins to counterbalance the sour; 
                        _  the endive salad was bland and forgettable.
        
          +  Fruit.  The fruit was extremely fresh, especially the very sweet cantaloupe.

Appetizers.  They deliver fresh bread and other fried vegetables to you as well.  None of these struck me as very remarkable.  However, the creamy mashed potatoes are TO DIE for!!!  They are almost puréed and delicately salted with a great balance of milk that melted in my mouth.  

The meats are generally good and very well seasoned.

           +  baby and Picanha top sirloin.  The sirloin was very well seasoned (especially if you prefer medium like I do because then you get more of the marinated outside), tender and very juicy.
            +  ribeye.  The ribeye was juicy, tender and also very well marinated and seasoned.
            +  ribs.  The ribs were tender, not quite fall-off-the-bone, but solid delivery.  The bbq sauce was sweet and tangy.
            +  lamb.  The lamb was absolutely delicious; not too games, very well marinated in rosemary and probably my favorite meat.
            +  lamb chops.  Knowing that there is a cherry sweet sauce out there, I wish that there was a sauce for the lamb chops but the flavor by itself with a salty and rosemary undertone was pretty good.
            +  garlic Parmesan pork.  Very dry, so much so that I skipped the bacon wrapped chicken.

The desserts were very delicious and light.  We had the papaya cream and key lime pie.  Both were whipped with a very subtle sweetness that weren't too rich.

Overall, if you are looking for solid Brazilian steakhouse with a decent salad bar, flavorful and quality meats, where the price is commensurate to your dining experience, I recommend Chima.笑
LOVE THIS PLACE!  YUUUMMMM!  We came here during Restaurant Week for $30 a person (regular price $39.99) and includes their full salad bar and all-you-can eat delicious meats that come around the table.  Before you even head out to grab your first plate, they bring out a bunch of small delicious sides and set them on your table.  They're all delicious and you have to be careful not to stuff yourself too much, because, remember, you're there for the meats!  The sides and salad bar items are very filling, and I suspect there's a motive to try to fill you up with their less pricey items upfront so you don't fill up on the pricier things, like their meats!  There are about over a dozen selection of meats to choose from.  So Yummy!

And oh yeah, they offer free valet out front.  Extra points!笑
So disappointed. The first time we went to Chima we loved it -  it was beyond delicious and we talked about it for months.... Until restaurant week 2015. (Brace yourselves).... We had reservations with another couple and were so excited and ready to have another round. Unfortunately, restaurant week must've killed it - they were so busy - the service staff were friendly and even as some yumminess passed is by, we were generally ok. Until.... We got bacon wrapped chicken... RAW!!!! I mean not a little raw, not questionably pink, totally raw on the inside and only the bacon was cooked. Yikes. The staff was very apologetic and quickly replaced our plates and silver, but it was almost as if to hide that it happened and we never heard another peep. One of our guests unfortunately ate the raw chicken before the rest of us caught it and he was violently ill that night and next day. I'm devastated. High hopes and sheer disappointment. #saynotorawchicken restaurant week is not the time to visit. We might try again in 6 months - but honestly, I'm not so sure.笑
Came here on a Thursday night during restaurant week with my appetite in tow. They were packed when we first arrived so even though we had a reservation, we had to wait 20 minutes to be seated. Which I can't complain about because the complimentary valet cut out the 20 minutes we would've ordinarily spent in search of uptown parking. We decided to take it as an opportunity to chit chat and relax. 

I ordered the passionfruit caphirina and my friend ordered the liquid marijuana per the suggestion of a patron at the bar. I am personally a huge fan of caphirinas and this one did not disappoint. It was quite honestly perfect and apparently so was the liquid marijuana. 

Shortly after we finished our drinks we were seated. Since it was my first visit we pulled out all of the stops and went for the highest level selection of meats and boy was it worth it. 

The staff was too notch and did an absolutely fabulous job on the wine  pairing. Outstanding! 

The accompaniments were a perfect compliment to the meal. I was especially fond of the pan queso, the mashed potatoes and fried banana. I also really enjoyed the vast, high quality offerings on the salad  bar. 

Before we knew it out came the meats. Carved right off the "spit". The top sirloin and both cuts of lamb were amazing and by far my favorite. We certainly ate our fill (and then some ). It was worth every penny without question. 

The ambience is quite beautiful and definitely more toward upscale though most patrons were casually dressed. The lighting was perfect and the decor was tastefully done. 

But alas, this was a first and last hoorah with Chima before my vegan journey. This is the PERFECT place, however, for a Paleo or low carb lifestyle. Regardless of your dietary preferences be to find something delicious on the menu.  Though plant-based consumers should beware there not be much on the menu for you here.笑
Took my girlfriend here for her birthday. Food was amazing and the service was fast. Two dinners plus a couple drinks + tip was around 160$. Not the cheapest, but worth it if you can put down some food. I probably ate 5 filets and a rack of ribs笑
Eat here every thanksgiving, and I have to say, if you can eat a ridiculous amount of food you'll get your money's worth. Food is also amazing here and is served on giant metal skewers..笑
aaah.. soo delicious. This is probably the best place to have Brazilian steaks! Just thinking about it make me hungry :'( and I love their service, event though my waitress accidently pour wine on me and herself, her apology was soo sincere that I forgive her, and unlike some other restaurants' waitress, who would be whining and totally forgetting about the customer, Chima actually care. So I'll be coming back :)笑
If you want to give Chima a taste without doing the full blown Rodizio, head over for their happy hour in the lounge (from 5-7pm every day). They have half price appetizers, and you can sample smal portions of most of the meats. It's a great deal!笑
Love this place.  Food is delicious and fresh.  Pricey- great for a special occasion.  If you are on a budget stick to water.  The addition of drinks will def. take you over the edge.  11 and up for anything alcoholic.  If i could afford it i would go every week, that's how much i love it.笑
The food was great and the meats were plentiful and tender. The only downside of our experience was that I didn't feel that the service of our actual waiter was up to par. The gauchos that came by with the meats were far more charming, helpful, and out to please than our server.笑
Always great service, food, atmosphere... Make sure you go with an empty stomach, cause you're gonna have a ton of good things to eat! Love the walnut dessert!!!!笑
Awesome. All meat tastes awesome. I hate thick cuts of meat but theirs was so tender and juicy. Only thing I didn't like was the lamb but even that was alright.笑
I went for restaurant week and I will say the service was on point once we were seated.  For starters I made reservations online for when they first opened at dinner.  After making my reservations online, I was promptly called to verify the reservation and to be informed that if I am more than 5 minutes late then I will get bumped to the waiting list.  Well, I was 10 minutes early and ended up waiting 15 minutes after my reservation to be seated...double standard?

The salad bar was on point with many different things to try.  My favorite was the seafood salad and the assortment of cheese.  As for the meats...I would say nothing particularly stood out in my mind.  I do remember thinking this one meat I tried that garlic flavored was good but clearly not memorable since I can't remember the name of it.

I can't say I will personally be back but it is worth a try if you have never been to a brazilian steakhouse.笑
Took my husband here for his birthday this past Tuesday and it certainly lived up to its expectations. The salad,  antipasti bar was huge and was always stocked,they have an extensive wine selection and even bring an iPad to the table with a more indepth menu and explanation of each wine. We chose a moderate Argentinian Malbec to pair with all the meat we were about to indulge upon. They bring some small sides to the table they are carb based and just a little extra for those that "need" carbs with their meats, we really didn't touch them due to the endless array of meat that was heading our way in every direction when the coin was flipped to red. At most the meat is Medium, I'm a med-rare girl so that was fine with me. Funny thing is I usually love a filet but due to the way the meat is cooked I enjoyed the garlic butter sirloin more, there is endless, lamb, chicken, pork, sausage and beef of all kinds and you have no chance of going hungry. Plan on spending a good 2 hours there to really enjoy the experience and take a little breather in between.
The dessert menu was vast and we really enjoyed the chocolate , toffee cake with raspberry sorbet the most.
We also tried the mango mousse. When we got out , we go "all out" or what's the point (: 
The service was wonderful, overall we highly recommend this place and had a great night out .笑
Food was good, as always. Salad bar was excellent, parm bread puffs were delicious. Our only complaint was for the very little that is asked out of the servers, they did very poor. One of us ordered only the salad bar and fish and it took nearly 20 minutes and 3 requests to get any fish. Manager was great and remembered us from previous visits.笑
I have been here for a couple charity dinners, restaurant week, and the regular dinner service.  

The menu is reduced for restaurant week and it can be reduced for group events, that depends on whoever coordinates it, I guess.  You still get the salad bar and as much meat as you want, you just don't get the most expensive cuts of meat.  The last time I went for a charity dinner, they also had about half the items on the salad bar as they normally do.  

The salad bar is great!  Chima probably has the best salad bar I have ever been to, to this date.  There could be a better one out there but I have not been to it yet.  There are so many items, cured meats, many cheeses including fresh mozzarella, soups, and many more things.  I recommend walking around the salad bar to plan how you will allocate your plate because you will probably not want to go back for seconds once the meat starts coming around.  

The service here is pretty good.  If you want something you don't see, let your server know and she will gladly send it over.  However the first time I came to this place they kept serving(without asking) bottled water and charged us for it.  That only happened once but you need to be careful, especially if you are thirsty.  

It will be hard to stop eating.  After a few visits I learned to pre-plan to not over eat.  Planning and patience is the key at this restaurant.笑
I love the salad bar and the meats are always seasoned well. When I go I always get dessert. The creme brulee is so yummy! The only con is the price but it is well worth it.笑
Really disappointed in the service here. My server was fine, but the hostesses (there were 7 of them) are completely clueless. My boyfriend and I had a reservation for 7:30 and after waiting 45 minutes and asking the hostesses for updates 4 times, we were finally shown to our seats. Almost everyone else waiting with us ,who also had reservations, were complaining for the same reason. Several spoke with the manager. 

During our very long wait for our table, a man walked in with about 6 other people and asked if there was space. They were turned down immediately, along with about 30 other walk-ins. Instead of leaving, the man went behind the hostess stand, pulled out his wallet, and slipped the blonde hostess some money. She then proceeded to put their large party on the list and in about 10 minutes, they were all seated (cutting everyone in line with reservations including myself and my boyfriend). It put a really bad taste in my mouth. 

I used to be a hostess, so watching the 7 girls stand there and chat with each other while the lobby and lounge were packed like a sardine can, was incredibly irritating. Make yourself useful. If you can't do that, at least pretend to be actively doing your job. 

The food, like always, was good. For the extremely high price of dining at Chima, you should be guaranteed a nice experience- which includes a helpful and happy FOH. I got the opposite.笑
We tried this restuarant on Restuarant Week and it was good.  I had eaten at Brazillian Steakhouses before and this one didn't do anthing exceptionally outstanding.  The meat was tasty, great service.  It didn't WOW me, but it was a very pleasant experience.笑
Atmosphere was classy, service was phenomenal, salad bar was awesome but some of the meats lacked a little flavor. The mint sauce is not the best (a little too sweet) but with the BOA discount, this place is definitely worth visiting every so often.

NOTE: The employees do a really good job of cleaning so watch out for the glass window railing around the salad bar, I totally smacked my face into it...笑
I came here last night for a work dinner, and unsurprisingly came to the conclusion that this place is just awful, for a variety of reasons. I say unsurprisingly because I feel like my experience at Brazilian steakhouses is always the same: you pay as if you weigh 3 bills and play in the NFL, but neither you, me nor anyone I was with actually ate like that to make what they're charging you worthwhile.

So I have strong opinions about Brazilian steakhouses in general...take that for what it's worth, and please believe me when I say that I actually was looking forward to the dinner, as I'd heard good things about Chima despite my reservations, and heaven knows I LOVE me some meat, so I didn't go into this experience with a bad attitude. That said, Chima is specifically doing a number of things wrong that I just can't overlook:

1. What are Brazilian steakhouses known for (hint: it rhymes with BEAT)? Yep, you got it: MEAT. And not just any meat - BEEF. Yes, they have pork and chicken and all that, but the vast majority of the meat that they're pimping out at every table are beef. And what goes well with beef? Wine. WINE, people! Red, red wine. Steakhouses have a unique opportunity to showcase stellar red wines, since most patrons or eating red meat, so I would expect Chima to have amassed a wine list chock full of big, full-bodied, anvil-on-your-tongue-type reds with a lot of character. Sadly, their wine list has a fairly paltry selection of reds, both in quantity and quality, and the by the glass selection was a completely joke. I mean DEPLORABLE. I tried three different glasses in hopes that SOMETHING would be palatable, but alas...I was disappointed at every turn.

2. In my opinion, very little of the meat selection is worth what you end up paying for it. Even if I'd stuck to only the bacon-wrapped filet, I'd have ended up feeling robbed. Don't get me wrong, it's not TERRIBLE; price entirely aside, the meat is fine...but I'm telling you, it's not worth the premium they're charging you for it, not even a little bit. Again, this is an issue with most Brazilian steakhouses, which is why I say...just go to a real steakhouse. Get ONLY the steak you want (instead of a 1 you want and 10 others you don't want), and pay less. I'm not trying to be cheap - I've been to Wolfgang's CUT in L.A. and paid out the wazoo for the wagyu - but you know what? THAT WAS WORTH IT. I paid a premium, but got a stellar steak. I can't say the same for what I got at Chima.

3. The servers are mostly inept. There just seemed to be...confusion. I tried to order a glass of wine before the last 2 people in our party arrived, and the server seemed to not understand that no, I did NOT want to wait for them...am I not allowed order a glass of wine while I wait, for crying out loud? The real issue came, though, when we tried to split the check. We have 13 people in our party, and were initially told we could only split the check 2 ways. Then, inexplicably, we could split it 6 ways. But the punch-line of this whole ordeal was that they were USING AN IPAD. I'm fairly certain that laziness - not system limitations - was the culprit of our check debacle. And after all that, our server couldn't even get the check's right, so one of my co-workers ended up paying for one of my glasses of wine. Ridiculous. 

Needless to say, I will not be back nor will I ever recommend or say anything good about Chima to anyone I know. Overall I find it to be a poorly executed steakhouse of sub-par quality, and I can think of at least 50 restaurants within a 5 mile radius of this place at which I would rather eat. Again, this is merely my opinion, bu hey, that's why you're on Yelp, right? Take it with a grain of salt.笑
Took my girlfriend here for her bday, we love the food and the awesome services. Angel is awesome, very helpful with the wine and everything else. I will come back for more. If you never been here before, must check it out. Best steakhouse in town and best services.笑
So another business dinner with a vendor and another few cows, lambs, chickens, and pigs go under the knife to fill up my little belly.

Am I proud that I'm a meat eater.....yes and no.  I love animals.....the pigs...not so much.....cows are a bit too big to hug....chickens are cute ..not very loving though.....lambs........hey...need I say more!

But for all their cuteness alive, I adore them more dead and cooked........no more so than at Chima where they have perfected the delivery of cooked meat like no bodies business.

As usual, it was drinks up at the bar upstairs....great little place for a drink before dinner, though I wish this place was a bit more hopping for just locals in downtown...nice space and vibe, but with the little traffic it sees outside of diners, it reminds me more of a hotel bar than a hopping down town bar.

Finally onto dinner, we were seated right next to the buffet, which I'd recommend not to do as the traffic can bleed a bit out from there right by your table.

Wine was selected, the waiter was pleasant, though the secondary servers were less animated and seemed a  bit green in the server arena.

We ate the meat and drank the wine and all was good. I am bumping them up a star as the delivery is very consistent.  Is it excellent.......no, but it is definitely good.笑
Took the wife here for her birthday.  All of the red meat was really well done.  My wife raved and raved about the filet mignon and the sirloin as well. 

I believe they have switched from using boneless chicken breast to chicken thighs because they were quite fatty.  The salad bar is a hidden gem as most people focus on the meat.  However, the salmon and the swordfish were both probably the Worst that we have had at any restaurant.  The lamb can be hit or miss and the pork ribs were just okay.

All in all this is good for the experience but I would steer clear of anything that is not beef.

Four stars because the beef was done so well笑
China was everything we expected and more. From the beautiful salad bar to the unlimited meat servers, everything was perfect. China even gave us desert on the house in celebration of our anniversary. 10/10笑
I knew the owner at the time of my visit, and would like to clarify that this in no way influences my review.

I feel like for the area this is in, and for the type of experience they are providing, this is a fair price. The meats are so amazing, and they offer a wider selection of meats than I am used to for a brazilian steak house. 

The appetizers were very good, and was even surprised to see the wide selection that they offer. I felt like it was much more than a meal and really enjoyed the service.笑
Free valet parking and a very nice (posh) decor and it's huge inside. This place is still pretty new, but really brings a good fight to other chains like Fogo de Chao. Like other Brazilian steakhouses, the prices are kind of steep, but you get what you pay for here.

The salad bar is huge and features many Brazilian favs like heart of palm, feijoada, etc. 
And of course, the food... it's great... just go hungry in order to get your money's worth. The picanha, baby picanha, beef ribs are exquisite. There are some real Brazilians there which is always nice to see and talk to.

Last but definitely not least, they serve the absolute best "pao de queijo" (cheese bread) that I've ever had.笑
We went to Chima during restaurant week on a Sunday late afternoon.   It was quite busy,  which is fine but the service we received was just not what I'd expect of an upscale restaurant.  We never were asked if we wanted drinks,  waiters were scarce,  the same pork dish was brought no less than 15 times to the one time for sirloin,  despite requests.   It took almost 20 minutes to get our check.  The food was ok.  I would not return.笑
Was at Chima's for dinner. We had to sit and wait for the servers to come over. They kept passing by us even though we had our cards on the side saying YES. They kept offering us pork though we stated  we were not into pork. The other meats that were offered were either dripping of blood or just too dry. My girl spat out most of the pieces of meat she ate. We only wanted Lamb and we had to beg for them to just serve us lamb. When the lamb was brought to us, it was unchewable. My lamb meal at home is far better than Chima's. I had a stomach upset right after and the drive home was horrible as I went to the bathroom 4 times in a 15 minutes ride home. As I write this, I'm still cramping . Only good thing was that we had a gift card that covered half of the meal. I would have been pissed to pay $54 per head for what I had. I expect more from Chima's but I'm definitely done with them. I guess I'll stick to my Morton's. It's just the name right now and nothing else.笑
Excellent.  The food is good, the waiters are quick on their feet and the decor is great.  The tables are nicely spaced so that you can enjoy a semi-private experience even during their busy hours.  A group of 20+ of us went for lunch on a Friday just before Chistmas.  We were all very pleased with the service and the food.  There was a very large party in their private area in the back and even with that, we never had to wait on anything.  I will go again for dinner.  The only thing I can take away one star for is that unless you go up and help yourself to the salad bar or other items on the buffet, you had better like meat and lots of it because they don't bring anything else to your table.笑
We had to ask for a menu. Took two different waiters to get drinks. After 30 minutes we had only been served two meat choices out of eight offered on the menu. Finally had to ask for meat that all other tables had plenty of. We were supposed to get sides with dinner but they came to our table AFTER we were finished eating. Took 20 minutes to get our check and then we were rudely told by our waiter that he had other tables he was busy with even though all waiters have to do at this restaurant is fill the drinks as everything else is self serve. Waiter told us he was getting the manager but he never showed up. If you cannot handle Restaurant Week then do not participate!!! Will not be back!!!!!笑
I had never been to a churrascuria before or had rodizio, but my boyfriend wanted to go for his birthday because he had an awesome experience at Rodizio in Denver, CO.  I had had a couple friends who had been to Chima before I did and reported on the service issues that e.p. seemed to experience. I think the kinks must have worked themselves out early spring- e.p. went right after they opened. Regardless besides a drink that went missing, the service was excellent and we totally underestimated the speed at which the gauchos bring on the meat.  They come fast and furious. I am a meat snob and only typically eat filet mignon, however the best meat to me was the house sirloin. the seasoning made such a difference.  I think that Sheryl is probably right- some complementary sauces would have been nice, but they may have been at the gigantic salad bar and we didn't realize it.  It is very easy to overdo the salad bar (as I did).  The leg of lamb was also a standout, and the group loved the bacon-wrapped filets.  The salmon was good (different), but the chicken and parmesan pork was not as popular. However you have the choices and opportunities over and over to try different things, so you will definitely find something you like. If you are scared of medium rare/rare meat you should warn them because the filets are quite rare.

The coffee was good and the key lime pie was very very good.  The bananas with vanilla ice cream was also good- I may try replicating that at home. 

All in all, the ambiance was good, the upfit of the space is amazing- very cool, the service was good and it was very different.  Go for it!笑
Ok...let me preface this by saying I went during restaurant week and I know everything was a little crazy so I probably didn't get the full experience.  However, my thoughts about restaurant week are that if you can't deliver top quality during this week then don't participate.  If it annoys you to have shmucks like me that want cheaper meals, then don't participate.  Lastly, if you are going to require an upcharge to get the best items during restaurant week and plan on looking for ways to throw extra charges then DON'T PARTICIPATE!!!

Ok, now that I got that off my chest...

The appetizer balls of dough were awesome..don't know what they were and don't care.  They were clutch.  The salad bar was just okay in my opinion.  They had more items with salad in the name then ingredients to make a good salad.  Make sense?  For example...seafood salad, pasta salad, bean salad, etc.  All of those things are fine and dandy but we all refused to fill up on the carbs offered at the salad bar...we wanted to eat our body weight in the meat!!  I will say the cheese was awesome but I wasn't sad that I missed the cold gigantic asparagus and chilled broccoli.

The Meat:

So, because I didn't pay the extra 10 bucks, I got screwed out of some of the best looking meat  but I will tell you the good and bad from what I did get to try...

--The sausage--skin was tough so it was very hard to bite through it
--The parmesan crusted pork tenderloin--tasty, pretty good
---Flank stank--chewy, fatty, salty, puke
---Bacon-wrapped chicken breast---SHOW STOPPER.  My favorite!!!
--Top Sirloin---excellent
--Lamb--Gamey

Oh, what about the swordfish you may ask??  Um, I don't know because I never got any.  It was supposed to be in rotation but never made its way during our 2 hour stay.

I tried the drink special which was a Sangria and unfortunately it tasted like pineapple juice.  When the server noticed that I wasn't drinking it he informed me that the drinks on special tend to not be as good because they are on special.  Once again...Don't participate.

Not trying to sound like a beggar and a chooser but things just didn't go my way at Chima and I like to pout about it.

The service was decent when we actually saw our waiter but again I know this all had a lot to do with restaurant week.  Next time I would love to try the full menu because I think my experience would have been much better and hopefully not as chaotic.  I'm not saying I won't go back and I am not saying you shouldn't try them...I am warning you that restaurant week may not be the best time to go.笑
Even as a huge fan of meat eating, I have to say Chima is not worth the price. My girlfriend and I visited for restaurant week, and I feel it was barely worth the discounted $35 price. Yes, the meats were pretty good, but they were nothing outstanding and our experience as a whole was just average. The gauchos and servers were friendly, but the same meats kept going around, and we only tried 5-6 total during the entire night. (FYI all of the meats come around during restaurant week no matter what they say - the bacon wrapped filet was offered to us at least 5-6 times). We requested to try the parmesan pork loin at the end, and they brought it out after 4-5 minutes, but we were stuck eating the same few cuts of steak almost the entire night. The quality of the steak was solid overall, but my girlfriend and I both had bites that were almost pure fat that you couldn't tell before biting. The salad bar was very lackluster. Although it definitely wasn't lacking in quantity, my girlfriend and I found a few sides that were okay and none that we were huge fans of. A few of them were downright unpleasant in my opinion, like the chicken and potato salad that tasted way too much like lemon and nothing like chicken or potatoes. 
At the end of the day, we left very full but a bit disappointed in the variety of meats and the overall quality, especially the salad bar and sides.笑
This was my second time eating at Chima.. The first visit was ok. Service was impeccable but salad bar needed replenishing. Fast forward to tonight.. 
We arrived early for our reservation and headed upstairs to the bar. We ordered drinks and chatted with fellow diners. Our table was called and as we closed out our tab, a gentlemen twice my size proceeded to shove me into the next patron as he barreled his way to order a bottle of wine. The other patrons and the two bartenders assisted me in telling a manager of his actions and said he would be escorted out. ( to much to drink apparently)
We were seated and I realized the same gentlemen was sitting across from us belligerent with his wife. The manager finally came over and said, "I am sorry for what happend, but Mr. Peeler is a customer and he said he did not shove you and will not apologize. There is nothing we can do." I said " We are customers as well. We are here for our anniversary and do not appreciate the treatment he gave us and the other patrons. He is obviously over served. " The manager turned to my husband and said, " Please remove your hat. You all enjoy your dinner." And proceeded to walk away. 
Unbelievable.....笑
Truly great salad bar but I went there for meat, and their meat just wasn't that good. Most of what was served to me was tough, dry and and chewy. It's not in the same league as Texas de Brazil or Fogo de Chao. I really wanted this place to be a winner because I love Brazilian steakhouses but this was a big letdown.笑
All I can say is wow. I've eaten at Chima twice and both visits have been world class. In comparison, I've eaten at Rei Del Gado in San Diego, and Fogo De Chao Churrascaria in DC. While both are very good, esp Fogo, but Chima is by far my favorite. 

For anyone who hasn't experienced a Brazilian Steakhouse, its meat, meat and more meat. There is also a salad bar with some tasty treats. I am not a fan of salmon, but they salmon at the bar here was excellent. They also have a fabulous squid salad.

To start, you get this fried polenta stick I think? It was like a potato but it wasn't. It was yummy. As another yelper mentioned, they also provide silky whipped potatoes. Some of the best I've had. 

My last experience here was for my birthday and we had a late 9:30 reservation in which we were late. The staff was very accompanying and understanding. Although it was practically closing time, they did not put on any pressure at all. I sensed the urgency, but they were not aggressive one bit and I greatly appreciated it! They also ensured I had every cut of meat I wanted - even offering to cook anything they were out of. Thats what I call service - even at closing time. 

At the end of the meal, they still sang the birthday song in Portuguese for me and gave me cake. It was awesome, simply awesome. They have won a customer for life. It wasn't just dinner here, they truely made my dinner an "experience".

Great service, great food, great wine, great ambiance and with great company, what more can you ask for?笑
Great space for an event upstairs. We had over 100 people and Aline did an amazing job hosting a classy event. The food was really good and always hot. The bartenders were well staffed and on point. This was a great venue for a sophisticated event that held a large group.笑
Went to Chima for restaurant week very busy obviously. I made reservations a coupe weeks prior not anticipating the craziest on this day. I'm 5 months pregnant and didn't want to wait an hour but when I got there they didn't find my reservation. My husband was more than upset but I must say the manager Mr. Fernandez did a great job at getting us a table as soon as he could. I felt like he resolved the issue extremely fast and made me feel at ease. Like I said it was restaurant week and extremely busy but his quick response really impressed me and for that alone I would come back! I was greeted by both managers that night another impressive point. The food is always great I've been to the Chima in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida and I must say I was equally satisfied. Food is delicious and service is great. Highly recommend!笑
First time at a Chima. Usually go with Fogo, not any more. Chima's was by far better. Not sure if just at this location but I'm willing to give others a try. Service was great, salad bar quality, and meat well done. Sometimes at Fogo I felt rushed and pushed..not here. Loved it and would recommend.笑
Chima. The best of both worlds- Steak. Buffet. Ok, well, they have other things than steak, and yes, it's actually a rodizio, but let's call it a steak buffet... why not? Premium cuts man. This place is where it's at. 

I make it a point to save these Chima outings for the local Charlotte restaurant week. Why? Because 1) for $35/pp it is absolutely the best restaurant week deal out there, and 2) that twice a year is more than enough for me to completely gorge-out to the point where I'm in pain leaving. 

The food, atmosphere, and service are all top notch here.

Great appetizers, crazy huge salad bar, top sirloin, flank, bacon wrapped chicken, sausage, you name it, they got it. My only complaint has been getting their "upgrade" package that includes some top shelf meats that some reason just don't do it for me for reasons that seem to vary by each individual experience I've had here.

Two floors of some of the most upscale décor in uptown.

As per service, staff will refill you literally as fast as you can stuff your face. Keep that chip on the green side!

If you live here in Charlotte, you NEED to try this place out. Even if you are vegan. No excuses.笑
I went there for my friends birthday. Service was very good. They brought decorated tiramisu for my birthday friend! There are a lot of food. You can pick anything you like. Their sirloin was good笑
Chima had a great Restaurant-week type special with 7 meat options for $35 or a 17 meat option with dessert for $55.  We obviously didn't want to miss out an any amazing meats so we had to go with the $55 option and some of the steak options like the flank stake and garlic marinated ribeye were best! Their salad bad is pretty expansive, but don't fill up on it ... save room for the meat! I would recommend Chima as a good Brazilian steakhouse in the Uptown area when you want steak but also a fun and different experience.笑
I have never been to a restaurant like this before but it is great.  I love the selection of meat.  My favorites were the filet in bacon, chicken in bacon, and the top sirloin.  My wife really loved the top sirloin as well.  There was not anything they brought out that was not good, and they do bring a lot.  The salad bar was good but I wanted to save more room for the all the different meats.  I also had the house cocktail which was amazing.  This place is pricy but definitely worth it.笑
My friend's birthday always falls on restaurant week, it has become a tradition that we celebrate her birthday with dinner at Chima. We have gone every year for the past three years. This year we went on a Thursday night with reservations made on opentable and were sitting within 10 minutes of arriving. I will say that I received a phone call from the hostess this year to confirm our reservation but also to read off a LIST... A LONG LIST... of restaurant week rules. Most of which are kind of common sense, but it just seemed like a bit much. You're a restaurant, chill. 

Every time that I go during restaurant week, I always opt for the Queen's Feast which does not include all of the rodizio options. However, it certainly has an assortment and you will not be disappointed. Each year that we have gone, it seems that switch up which meats are included in the Queen's Feast, which is nice. At this point, I think I have been able to try almost all of them by going each time during restaurant week. 

The salad bar is always well stocked and has delicious options. However, I know the salad bar is just a ploy to fill you up before they start bringing the meats around - don't be an amateur and let them trick you into filling up on the salad bar! 

The meats are always cooked well and have great flavor. It is always pretty busy during restaurant week as one can imagine and they still seem to do a pretty good job making sure the meats are circulating to all of the tables. 

They always have drink specials during restaurant week. They usually have sangria for $6. This time my friends and I opted for a bottle of wine on special for $30 that is usually twice as much. I think they had 3 options of wine for the $30 special. Our waiter seemed very knowledge about the wine. 

For dessert we got the chocolate toffee cake and cheesecake. The cheesecake was strangely hard - almost like you had to chew it. It was not melt in your mouth creamy. The chocolate cake was better, but very rich. The desserts are not anything great. We got them mostly because it was my friend's birthday. Two of my friends also got coffee, one got an espresso and the other a cappucino. Both said that the coffee was good. 

Throughout the evening the service was great, almost to the point of too much. I swear every time one of my friends took a sip of his water the waiter topped it off. But that's better than being ignored. 

As our evening was wrapping up, we took a couple pictures for my friends birthday. When my friend reviewed the pictures on her phone, another patron had photobombed the picture in the back. After making eye contact and realizing she was less than pleased with his addition. The other patron asked the rodizio server with the sausage to come over to our table and tell us that he had sent it over. It was clear we were done eating and our table had been cleared. AND THE RODIZIO SERVER DID IT. I love a dirty joke as much as the next guy, but this just wasn't the time or place. I would hope that perhaps there was a cultural or language barrier that the server did not understand how crude something like that is to a table with WOMEN seated at it. Or perhaps the server thought that we knew each other. Needless to say, I would imagine that this is not the norm, but would expect a little more professionalism from the staff at the restaurant. Our waiter was apologetic and said he would let the manager know about the situation.笑
It's hard to not to be a fan of a Brazilian Steakhouse...I mean, let's be fo realz.  Having been to several Brazilian/Portuguese steakhouses in New York, this place is on par with those.  

I needed a place for 14 guys during a bachelor, what better place than a Brazilian steakhouse!!!  I was nervous at first as I had a resy and there was some confusion at the hostess stand but all was well after 5 minutes.  

Solid buffet options but a true veteran knows not to waste precious space on the fillers.  Get that tasty meat!   All was solid.  My faves were the chicken wrapped w/bacon, picanha, and lamb chops.  They also had a fish/chicken only option for the one dude that forgoes red meats.

The place is huge with two floors and the atmosphere is great.   Even introduced the boys to caipirinhas, which were on point!  Good place to go for groups or just for a meat fest that will leave full for a day!笑
Charlotte Restaurant Week!

This is pretty much our only mid-twenties-budget week that we can go to places like Chima, and it was a really great experience overall.

First--the decor is really nice--definitely a dress-up and go out kind of night.

Complimentary valet parking. I don't know if this is all the time or just restaurant week, but it was a fantastic added touch for being in Uptown Charlotte.

We made a reservation and were seated promptly at 7:00PM. The $30 rodizio included some meats, but not all. No filet, no ribs. We did get to try the flank, top sirloin, swordfish, pork, chicken, chicken wrapped in bacon, and leg of lamb, and thoroughly enjoyed all. 

The salad bar was good, but we've been to the location in Philly and felt that this one had less options.

My boyfriend is a big meat eater so clearly he loved the rodizio, which is what we paid for. I think I loved the appetizers even more. Mashed potatoes, some kind of shredded cheese dip, croquettes, and fried banana. All delicious. 

$5 Sangria special--yes, please. We got a decent size glass, and it was a good sangria.

The service was excellent--our waitress kept asking us if there was anything else we wish we had. When the chicken wrapped in bacon hadn't come around, she went and found the goucho for us and had him bring it over. Quality service.

I told my boyfriend I couldn't tell if this was the perfect date spot or the perfect dude spot. Unlimited cuts of meat seems like the perfect bros night, but the atmosphere was date-like. 

This location wasn't as good as the Philly location, but compared to other restaurants in general, this place was excellent.笑
Yes, Yes, and Yes! I have been several times and each time has been great. I have been for Restaurant Week but they have changed it so you don't get much for the $30. The regular price is about $50 or $60 a person now. However, the service was excellent! I don't think I have had that many servers since a restaurant in NYC. There were people constantly checking on you, serving you, the manager came over 3 times to make sure we were happy. That is definitely something to be said for that. I don't even think I got more than 1 soda and it was about $80 a person which included tip. So it's not cheap but the food quality is excellent.笑
Another 5 stars for Chima this past restaurant week. The parmesan pork is definitely one of my new favorites. I mean its all spectacular but the pork really stood out. Oh and the lamb, oh and the sirloin. Its all so wondaful, oh i wish i lived there. 
Not sure if its been mentioned in previous reviews or not but if you try to make reservations during restaurant week and they're full DONT FRET! They always extend the restaurant week menu for a few additional days. More time for great food woooo!笑
Food Excellent 
We had a party of 16, trying to pay our bill was a Nightmare. It literally took 40 min.
They do not split checks!!! I do not have a problem with that. 
I do however have a problem with the attitude we received when we questioned why we only had 16 people in our group, and we were charged for 21 people.
Our server basically told us to figure it out ourselves, dropped off a pen and a blank sheet of paper and told us to figure it out!!! Really?
After we discovered her $200 over charge, she never apologized. 
We then had to involve the General Manager, who finally apologized and fixed our bill and split into 4 separate checks. 
After the payment was received we still waited another 10 min before our receipts were brought back, but by another server, our waitress never returned.
We were made to feel like it was our fault that 16 of us decided to dine in there restaurant.
We were made to feel like it was our fault that we were overcharged $200.
Our server had the attitude that regardless she was going to make 18% off of a 16 person party with wine and booze, so she just didn't care.
Very disappointed. 
I will not be going back.
Amor De Brazil in Matthews is a much better choice.笑
So this place is beautiful inside and out. It's always packed and I've always heard great things so we decided to go last Friday for restaurant week. The salad bar had a bunch of cheese and salad toppings, nothing extravagant, the meat came out very slowly and seemed to be lacking some flavor, and the service well we didn't really see anyone. After we were finished we had to wait a good 15mins before someone even asked if we were finished and then another 10mins for the check. This place definitely did not live up to its hype.笑
Awesome. Very well done. First Brazilian Steakhouse that had salmon and swordfish. Everyone was very nice.笑
My husband and I went here for a night out and we had a fun time.  The restaurant has a different concept where you don't order anything, they bring everything to you.  It is very heavy on meat so if you aren't a meat person, I wouldn't spend the money.  It's $50 per person!  I am sure I didn't eat nearly $50 worth of food but the atmosphere was fun and the experience was worth it.  We probably won't be back, just because of the price and amount of food I can actually eat.  The salad bar is good and very large.  The little cheese rolls you get as a side were phenomenal!

Chima would definitely be worth a try during restaurant week.笑
as with all churrascurias, get ready for a whole lotta meat.  beef, pork, chicken, the entire farm is on the menu.  most things felt over salted however brazilian food tends towards this in general.  

of the meats, i'd say the short ribs and filet were my fave

the salad bar was surprisingly chock full of seafood goodness. love the hearts of palm, woohoo!  hopefully these are the non rain forest endangering variety.

tried the mango pudding for dessert.  it was aight (like 3 stars aight).笑
If ever there is a restaurant to come hungry to this is it! 
The salad bar here is excellent, as I assume the restaurant makes a higher profit if you chow down on leafy greens instead of meat. My solution to this is to fill a salad bar plate and take a clean one for meat so I can munch on the salad bar options during the rodizio service. I can only handle so much meat without mixing in a few vegetables! However this meant that no less than five servers asked if I wanted them to clear my mostly full veggie plate, which I took to mean the servers are a little too on top of their job or are used to seeing a lot of waste.
The meat selection is amazing, I would recommend the lamb chops (and I am not usually a fan of lamb) and the filet mignon.
Last night was my fourth visit, and I've only gone during restaurant week. When I have chosen the Queen's Feast option service has not been as good as when I have elected to pay the extra $12 for the full menu. 
The two downsides to this place are that some of the meat selections are very salty and the premium meats don't come around very often and when they do the servers give you smaller cuts.笑
Succulent, juicy mouth watering meats cooked to your perfection. What more can you ask for? An amazing fresh salad bar and sweet desserts. 

This place has some of the best mashed potatoes I've ever had. The service is pure professional and fast. I would highly recommend this experience to anyone.笑
My husband and I dined at Chima to celebrate my birthday. It was a great experience! Their salad bar was much larger and contained a wider selection than most Brazilian steakhouse salad bars, they served two delicious fish (salmon and swordfish) with an amazing passion fruit sauce (a must try!), and their meats were all cooked to order. If there was a meat you wanted to try, you just let your server know and it is brought to your table almost immediately! Other pluses: great wine selection and dessert menu (save room for the tiramisu if you can!) Great atmosphere, too! I look forward to future special occasions so we have more reasons to come back! :)笑
Not bad, but not sure that it's worth the price tag. For starters, we were totally ripped off on Valentine's Day, when we were told that we would be getting the "Valentine's Day Package". I asked if there were other alternatives, since I had the feeling Chima was trapping us into getting charged extra for this, knowing that every other restaurant in the vicinity was probably booked for Valentine's evening. We were told there was none, so with no other choice we just went with it. We ended up paying an extra $30 for an okay glass of champagne, standard cup of coffee, and a total joke of a brownie ice cream dessert, all the ingredients of which tasted as if they had come out of a box and/or store-bought mix. Total for the night was close to $90 per person, after the $30 fee for the mandatory package, which they totally skimped on, knowing that a lot of people would be coerced into getting it. Not cool.

Everything else was pretty good. The meat was good, nothing amazing. I wasn't very impressed by the meats I looked forward to trying, such as the filet mignon, but my boyfriend enjoyed his meal a lot. The buffet bar was wonderful though, with lots of gourmet options. The parmesan breads were hands down AMAZING and totally ADDICTIVE.

Overall, a very mixed experience because Chima clearly knew it was misleading a bunch of people into paying an extra $30 on Valentine's Day. They were not upfront about it at all, and the price was never posted on their website, FB page, etc before we came. Basically, we got there and were told we would be getting it, no other options available. If they ever mention a "package" for a particular night, definitely call ahead of time and inquire about the price. And chances are, it's not worth it.笑
It's a decent Brazilian steakhouse. It's a chain. It's a decent chain. Nice decor and the service is attentive. A professional vibe but it's not one of those up-tight restaurants that makes you feel unconformable. 

I'd suggest if you have a business lunch/dinner, you can certainly host it here and everyone should be happy! In fact that's why I visited the restaurant in the first place :)笑
Uhmm sort of an embarrassment to the chain. Nice location but they need to improve the vibe and service笑
Wow.  Horrible tasting meat.  Lamb had a ton of salt and no other seasoning.  One piece of beef had absolutely no seasoning and was tough as leather.   Salad bar was ok but it's still just a salad bar.  So after a salad plate and 3 bites of meat (lamb beef and sausage which was vile) and a couple glasses of also bad wine we just asked for the check.  The entire experience lasted 15 minutes and cost 144 for two without tip.  Wow!  We could have hit the palm for that coin and had a much much better steak.  I honestly would rate outback steakhouse meat above this junk. Service was overbearing to the point that I felt embarrassed for our two waiters.  Atmosphere was like trying to be upscale but was most like chuckie cheese.笑
Chima is a fantastic experience,  whether you just like meat or if you love it. There is even an incredible salad bar for those who may want to use it. I personally avoid it - I am there for the meat after all,  but some people will love it.

The service is always good and attentive,  and there is a great drink selection as well. There's something for everyone,  so bring your friends and family ... just don't forget your appetite.笑
Meeeeattttttt!!!!!!

While this wasn't my first visit to Chima's, it was a reminder why I only visit here like once or twice a year. I mean, don't get me wrong I absolutely LOVE meat...but here it's overflowing and literally everywhere in great abundance....so of course I overindulge and then need a meat hiatus for a while. 

Well last night was no different, I was there to celebrate a friends birthday and it was eight people in our party. Even with a semi-large party, service was attentive and prompt. But I expect that...because there are just so many servers and runners checking on you and bringing out pretty much anything you want. 

Welp, here's an honest moment for you, YES there is a salad bar. YES it looks delicious and bountiful and all that jazz...but I've never tried anything from it. That's not what I go to a Brazilian Steakhouse for....but hey...to each their own.

Let's get down to the real details, the MEAT!

I tried everything they brought out...yep I sure did. 

But here are my favorites: I  absolutely loved the bacon wrapped Filet, Filet Mignon, Lamb chops and chicken wrapped in bacon. They are all just so tender and well seasoned. One of the best compliments I can give this place is that If you are not happy with the way it's cooked, they are happy to bring out exactly what you want. Or if you want something and haven't seen it flying out the kitchen, they will go and request it for you. 

Once small downside, the fish is pretty much hit or miss, sometimes its a little overcooked but the sauces that come with it are pretty delicious. 

However, overall I enjoy the experience every time I dine here, its my one time to let out my inner meat monster and just throw diets and calorie counting out the window. 

And really, what's not to love about that!笑
The meats were ok, maybe because I am not a big meat eater, or just picky?! was looking forward for the seafood, not good, salmon was undercooked, swordfish was overcooked. I would say tho, the salad bar was awesome, have lots variety, and fresh. If you are looking for a nice quiet dinner, this is not the place. The meat chefs and the waiters kinda keep you busy, they check on you like every 10 mins, which is not a bad thing, I guess. Be sure to let them know if it's somebody's birthday, you'll get a free desert and picture.笑
Delicious meal and wonderful staff. The salad bar has a wide variety of options and the parade of meat is delightful. The pork was a little dry but the other meats were perfect. The restaurant is loud and it was hard to hear the conversation at our table but we still enjoyed the evening.笑
An error was made on our reservation that kept us waiting for over an hour. This was our first visit- hmmmm- quite a lot of meat.

Once seated, the service was excellent.  Salad bar was unique and most enjoyable. The meat was overwhelming. 

I think I became a bit obsessed on how bloody the tablecloth was. A bite of filet was more than enough.  The pork rib was dry and over cooked. Future offerings looked better.

The fried bananas were a lovely treat. 

Dessert was over priced. 

Overall a three star night. I'm glad we went- might go back- in a year or so.笑
My wife and I had never been to a Brazilian Steakhouse and just wanted to get out for a nice dinner. I did not realize there would be SO MUCH MEAT. The meat is good and it is a lively atmosphere. Beautiful building. Go for the experience or to heat several pounds of beef.笑
This would have been a four or five star review had it not been for one mistake on the part of management. We ordered wine and one bottle was bad. Instead of apologizing and asking for another order. The waiter and manager acted as if we had to drink the spoiled bottle and be grateful for it.笑
Been here during restaurant week and love the food! It tastes amazing, staff is super friendly, and service is great! Definitely skip lunch before coming as it is all you can eat and you want your money's worth. I also am about to go again without it being restaurant week because I love it so much. I was almost deterred from going because I couldn't find any pricing on the regular menu, but I posted a question and the manager responded incredibly fast so I turned around and made reservations. Definitely recommend!笑
My boss loves this place so I was expecting something more. The decor is beautiful. The bar service upstairs lacks. The service while dining is great. I was very displeased with the salad bar, however, the meat carvings were fantastic. All in all, it wasn't a horrible experience but I don't think i would go back.笑
I LOVE Chima! We went there in October for our anniversary and I am IMPRESSED! Wonderful service and atmosphere. Food was off the charts!笑
Why are so many reviewers complaining about the price? Let's get this out of the way:  meat is expensive.  Brazilian BBQ is expensive.  With that said, I thought the food was good quality and the service attentive.  They even have this cool bar area upstairs to hang out if you're waiting for the rest of your party to arrive.

For those who haven't had this type of food before, you just keep saying yes when they bring food around because it looks and smells so good (and plus you paid a boatload for your all-you-can-eat meal).  Then later you realize that you can't get up from the table because you're way past full.笑
I surprised my wife for her birthday and took her to Chima. They were amazing!!! The food was great, the atmosphere was very nice and our servers were very attentive in making sure we had all we needed. The floor manager came over several times just to make sure all was well. They even brought a complimentary dessert for my wife. I cannot express how wonderful everything was from the complimentary valet parking to the sincere "come back soon", as we were leaving. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to everyone. Just be sure to bring your appetite and some stretchy pants. LOL!!!笑
I have dined at several Brazilian churrascaria steakhouses. Fogo de Choa in Houston and Dallas are superior to Chima. I had four guests for dinner for a total of five. We ordered cocktails, appetizers, wine, and dessert, including our main course. I received the bill for the evening and was charged for six of the dinners. I asked the waitperson to review the bill and before even looking at the bill said, "I think I may have charged you for an extra meal, my fingers were acting "funny". I think it was done on purpose to pump-up the bill and increase the gratuity. Maybe it was because we were a group of "seniors" and we just do not pay attention to that sort of thing. Either way, we will not be back.笑
This place is so good but you have to come prepared!

Only go if you are ready to eat a lot of food and if you love meat! If you're not a big eater or a vegetarian or pescatarian or whatever then just stay home. If you're down to eat $45 worth of meat in a sitting then this is the place.

First tip: forget the salad bar. It looks nice, and it is, but you're better off just saving your appetite. If you still think you want some rice and whatever else after you've had a chance to taste all the meats then go for it. Lulu disagrees and says "its tasty" but come on.

Everything was great. I don't like pork very much in general but the Parmesan pork thing was one of my favorites. Lulu isn't big on red meat but couldn't get enough of the filet mignon. The point is- try it all because even if you think you won't like it, you probably will.

Price is a bit steep depending on your budget, but it really is a great meal and a great setting. Service is very friendly and the atmosphere is pretty nice too.

Final warning: you will leave this place FULL. If you had a romantic evening planned for after, or have to share a bathroom with your new beau...good luck笑
Open for lunch!! Sirloin and buffet $20! Delicious and savory. They have chicken, salmon, sirloin, lamb chops and filet mignon for lunch with buffet. Prices vary from $15.99 to $24.99 with buffet. Great service, attentive, courteous and helpful.笑
I am a big fan of brazilian steakhouses and when compared to others, chima just isn't as good, especially when they are priced the same as the other upscale places.  Overall i just found it to be a cheap imitation of some of the better ones out there.  On the up side - I will say that the service was great.  And all around a good ambience. It's just that the food was lacking - both buffet/salad bar and the meats.  There was a lack of variety in the meat and it wasn't as fresh as you would expect.  Still a nice meal - just not worth the price and i think you can find other brazilian steakhouses that are better.笑
My husband and I went here for our first year anniversary, and it was a pleasant surprise that my husband gave me. 

The salad bar is sooo extensive (full of variety including seafood), and just so delicious!

The fact that my husband and I are meat lovers may add to this review being great but I am trying to look at the experience overall. I love the experience of the meat being brought to your table and you can even pick from a picture menu if you want a certain type of meat. The staff approached us several times and was very very friendly. They would joke with us and constantly ask us how much meat we wanted instead of just dropping a slice in our plates. Also, the place was packed but our service was very timely and courteous despite this fact. 


For dessert we had a New York cheesecake with a candle in it, and green tea, and it was solid. There could have been a little more pizazz or twist added to the dessert, but it was still sweet and tasty. 

In terms of aesthetics, I loved the contemporary look from outside and within. Love how the salad bar is in the middle. 

For those who are complaining about the price tag, I think you would expect that for something located in Uptown, a restaurant which serves a ton of meat and showcases an amazing salad bar that you can dig in, along with a knowledgeable and highly attentive staff (some who look native to Brazil too).

It was a great (and scrumptious) dinner night for our first anniversary. Enough said.笑
Dining at Chima was a great experience, I have been wanting to go here since relocating to the charlotte area 5 years ago. If you love meat, this is the place to be. I went during restaurant week so i did not get to sample every selection of meats that they offer, but a good majority of them. They were all fantastic. When you first flip over your chip the experience may be overwhelming! I suddenly had 6 servers at my table offering me up many varieties of meats. You tell them how you want it cooked and they will cut it off on to your plate. You repeat this for as long as you like, a "carnivore challenge" if you will. My recommendation would be to eat as much as you can because it is some of the best meat i have ever tasted. 

The salad bar has many choices as well. Although be careful because you don't want to fill up before the main course! They also brought out small brazilian dishes to our table...some sort of cheese bread, friend bananas, and mashed potatoes. All of these were delicious as well. 

I will be back. Great dining experience overall for food, staff, and atmosphere. The sangria was A+笑
Chima is the place to be.  The food is amazing and the service is the tops.  Christian our server was always on point with our drinks and food.  The meat is sooooo very good. All the meats were cooked to perfection.  Try the filet mignon it melts in your mouth.  Mario and Carlos cut our meat exactly the way we wanted it.  You will not be disappointed.笑
I went during happy hour and wasn't hungry enough for a $50/head all-you-can-eat meal... so we went upstairs to the swank bar and had (half off!) appetizers. THEY WERE DELICOUS! Our group of 5 ordered one of everything. The filet and ribeye skewers were amazing!

You MUST try the Brazillian beer also. Very refreshing!笑
This was my first visit to a brazilian steakhouse, WOW.  The first thing we had was a turkey spread w/ some rolls w/ parm in them.  The salad bar has everything possible i was told dont fill up on it, you cant help  it.  If your cheese lover you might have problem staying away from the salad bar.  My favorite was the goat chese w/apricots mmm, the chicken potatoe salad, and I discovered Heart of palm very good.  the meats were so flavorful you didnt need any sauces, my fav was the filet wrapped w/ bacon.  Their mashed potatoe's were very different but wonderful.  I will say this is a great place to take your boyfreind/husband for a bday dinner if they are a meat meating machine.  there is no way you walk out there hungry, service was great, very freindly staff an they were not rushing us at all. They even told us to take a break if we needed it.  I will go back for sure.笑
The food and the service were pretty darn good! Great seasoning, great flavors, just a great all around experience, period. You a meat eater? You better be! LOL!笑
This restaurant was everything I was hoping it would be. From atmosphere to staff to the food, everything was perfection. I would definitely advise going hungry. All the meats were wonderful. And the wine list was as lengthy as I pictured, and the waiter knew just what to recommend. I would recommend Chima to anyone looking to dine for a special occasion or romantic dinner for two.笑
This was my first experience to a Brazilian steakhouse, so quite honestly I didn't have anything to compare it to. 

I went with a colleague who mentioned it was much better than two other restaurants he had gone to previously, so there's food for thought. 

It is a really cool layout, plenty of space between tables and great lighting. The hostess was very nice, and promptly seated us on our reservation time. 

They show you drink/dessert menus on an iPad, which although it isn't a huge deal, it's very cool to see a restaurant embracing technology. 

The sides/salads and some cold meats are on a buffet in the middle, and I was impressed. 

When the meat comes, there are TONS of selections and every one was great except the flank steak (Disclaimer: I've never been a fan of the flank).

Got to try lamb chops for the first time, and loved it. Make sure to divulge in the mashed potatoes and the fried bananas. 

The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because I don't have anything to compare it to. Would definitely go back!笑
Went to Chima while visiting for the weekend, made reservations and I was sat down right away!  Everything was delicious from the salad bar to ALL the meats that just kept coming and coming.  The meat was seasoned RIGHT!!  Whew can't wait to visit again.笑
We went last night for restaurant week. First time ever going, definitely stood up to my live up to my expectations, The salad bar was awesome and meat was never ending. We were there later in the even we even got to try some of the stuff that wasn't on the "30" dollar menu..This is definitely the place to go if you are a meat person!  The only thing I will say it that some of the meats were extremely salty. Service was great..will definitely go back笑
If you're craving meat, this is the place for you! They have 10+ different cuts of meats you can try here. rom filet mignon to top sirloin, you're meat cravings will be crushed here.

My favorite cuts are picanha and the Parmesan pork!  

Tip: don't over eat the salad bar, save room for the meat! 

Also, check out their happy hour specials!笑
Great food, great service, great atmosphere. Perfect date night! The polite, professional servers are constantly bringing something new to your table. The salad bar is clean & full of options for everyone. Pricey dinner for two, but we left feeling like we got our money's worth!笑
amazing as goodas fogo笑
The restaurant itself is in a cool building. The bar is upstairs and they make a great mixed drink with Brazilian sugar cane rum. The salad bar was ok. People go on and on about the salad bar, but honestly it was ok. The waldorf and caesar salads were improperly seasoned, definitely needed more flavor, but the cheeses were delicious. Of course, the main attraction is the meat. The meat was great, and cooked perfectly. I highly recommend saving room for the bacon wrapped fillet. I went to Chima during restaurant week, and I would say it is well worth the $30, but I don't know that I would pay regular price for it. Although the food is delicious, this is not a great date restaurant. You will constantly be bombarded by men in short pants wanting to serve you new cuts of meat.笑
Great dining experience with outstanding service. The food was excellent and the Groucho's came to the table regularly. I highly recommend!笑
Great place for a special occasion!  Meats are incredible and it is hands down the BEST filet mignon I ever ate!  Salad bar lacks a bit but hey, I went there for MEAT which over 90% of the folks do!  Sorry to say but the chicken was a miss - fatty piece with grissle.  I would hope for the price that the other standards would rise up a bit but they get the steaks perfect and that is the most important part!!笑
Overall, it's A-OK but I wasn't blown away and probably would not return. If you are looking for a meat coma, this is the place to go. 

Chima is like every other rodizio grill - extensive salad bar, various appetizers, and servers walking around with skewered meats. The salad bar wasn't as good as other Brazilian Steakhouses I've been to. The meats that were served were pretty good. The flank steak was excellent. I didn't care for the swordfish. It was really overcooked/dry. 

Thank goodness for restaurant week, as I would have been sorely disappointed paying the normal $50+ per person. At $30 per person ($39.50 if you want the full meat rotation), I still felt shorted but not as bad. Buffets/AYCE places are really not my style, I never feel like I eat my money's worth. 

My biggest complaint mirrors that of Kieran M.'s it totally feels like a whirlwind. We sat down, got our drinks, went up to the salad bar, and then BAM... The meat started rolling in. Not even 20 minutes later I was done... Stick a fork in it! 

Luckily, parking isn't a problem because they offer complimentary valet.笑
Good one time experience.  Could have been better if waiter did not make the experience so rushed and gave us a better idea of how to best enjoy the experience.  The buffet was over whelming and lead to a feeding frenzy.  Felt rushed and bloated.  We ordered cheese cake and it was not great.  But glad we went to have the experience.笑
This place is amazing. Make sure you come hungry to this place!! If you are a MEAT EATER, than this place is for you!!!! Vegetarians, this place is NOT for you!

Me and my family went here for the first time during Charlotte Restaurant Week. And I'm glad we came during this time because normally it is about $50+ per person. Be prepared to be stuffed full of meat when you come here. OMG there is non-stop meat floating around on skewers in the place and it keeps coming out again and again and again and again...you get the picture! 

My favorite meats: Swordfish, Salmon, Sausage, Parmesan Pork Loin, Chicken Wrapped in Bacon, Ribs, Flank Steak, Sirloin, Filet Wrapped in Bacon

You can also eat from the salad bar, but do not eat too much from the salad bar or you will pay it later! And another tip, make sure you wear something that hides the stomach because it will be poking out under your clothes when you leave!! ;)笑
This is one of the best brazilian steakhouse places i have been. They have an amazing salad bar and the appetizers are delightful!
It is pricey but definitely recommended for a special ocassion.笑
Chima is a place for Carnivores to go crazy but it also has a great salad bar with lots of options to make it vegetarian friendly.

But beware...bring your appetite and plan on not eating another bite for 3 days afterwards.  

I asked my friends to roll me home after dinner tonight.

The selection on the salad bar is highlighted with wonderful smoked salmon, a gorgonzola mousse, a savory Caesar salad, soup, various cheeses, tabouleh, waldorf salad and so much more that my food coma has caused me to lose track of.

To use Tiffany's term, the "parade of meats" includes a wonderful sirloin, bacon wrapped filet, salmon, swordfish, parmesan pork, ribeye, chicken and more.   They also stock your table with various finger foods including wonderful cheese rolls and fried plantains.

For dessert they have some traditional Brazillian selections and then also American selections such as Apple Strudel which was fabulous and not overly sweet.,  The cinnamon sprinkled ice cream was really a wonderful flavor to go on top.

This is a splurge place and not for the person looking for a cheap meal.  Plan to spend $50 on your meal alone and about $10 more if you get dessert.

It can also be very loud in the restaurant but the noise level is tolerable because the food is soooooooo gooooood.笑
First time visiting this Chima location, first time was in Fort Lauderdale, FL so I was very excited when I found out this was my birthday dinner location.

If you're deciding whether or not to try out Chima for the first time it's a must. The customer service here met my expectations and now having dined at 2 locations I can say the standards are similarly high and were clearly met. Our waiter was very attentive and the guys serving the food kept our table packed with delicious food! I personally don't eat pork so had to tell the guys no pork a few times but it's not a negative since the place was pretty packed but eventually they remembered . 

The food was amazing and everything that was on the menu that wasn't pork we tried and it was heavenly. It was closing time by the time me and some other folks were starting to leave and they were still trying to feed us more, just a great place but come on an empty stomach. 

P.S. The salad bar is also the best笑
We ate at chima for valentines weekend. The service was great, a nice salad bar, and great food. I have been to comparable Brazilian places that weren't quite as pricey, but this is a nice dinner for a special occasion.笑
We had a little Christmas get together here with my husband and his coworkers. It was very nice and very packed, which I assume is the norm at this place. 

The food was great. I loved pretty much every meat I tried, but I especially loved the flank steak, filet mingnon & the lamb. The salad bar was plentiful but you don't want to fill up on it. You're here for the meat! 

I got a great green tea as well, mango peach, I think. Very yummy! 

While I'm glad for this experience and the food was fantastic, I don't think we will be going back any time soon. It's a lot to take in, literally!笑
Chima is one of the best steakhouses I've ever been too. The service is so unique and personal. The servers were incredibly nice and helpful. Last. The filet mignon wrapped in bacon is to die for. Highly recommend it if you're looking for great service and phenomenal food.笑
Alright, this is the spot.  Awesome location, amazing salad bar with infinite goodies, and juicy cuts of MEAT. 

The waiter was a bit impatient and a bit rude.  I got a fresh plate even though it looked like dinner was wrapping up bc I figured why not.  He was trying to be slick about it, but you could tell he wasn't happy with giving me new table settings considering I didn't really use it. Maybe it's my fault, but he didn't have to act that way, ya heard?

It was a few days back when I ate so I don't remember it all really and I feel lazy to write more.  If you like fine dining and looking to impress people, Chima is the place to go.

Missed out on 5 stars because the service was on the brink of perfection. 

dmo out.笑
The boyfriend and I first tried Chima on his birthday and could not have made him happier!! The endless supply of meat was right up his alley and the wine selection was perfect for me! The service was great and they were all very knowledgeable. The suggested wine was easily one of my new favorites and I wish I could find it out in the real world so I could have a couple bottles at home!

We made a reservation ahead of time and did not wait even a minute to be seated! We left completely full and happy! This is his absolute favorite restaurant now and I am certain we will be going back often!笑
MEATFEST !

Went to this place with a group of 8 male co-workers. There was talk of a $25 all in bet to see who could eat the most meat. I'm glad this never happened, but there were a few of us that had 8-10 servings.

The food was fantastic. Killer salad bar, probably a one up on RJ Grunts in Chicago.

My favorite meat was the assiago cheese crusted pork.

Good service, but what's with the bathrooms being on the second floor ?笑
Only go here if you LOVE meat and don't mind paying over $50! Also go here hungry so you can enjoy all the good meat. I had a good experience here. Our waiter was super friendly and helpful. Our service was fast and efficient and the meat were delicious. Although I could barely finish my second round, my husband enjoyed plenty for the both of us. Definitely worth the experience if you are a meat lover. :)笑
I was so excited to visit Chima's after hearing so many good things about the restaurant. So on a Saturday, my date and I made our way over. As impressive as the location was, I was a little over-whelmed by how many people were actually crowded in there. The tables were very close together and the ambience was meh. The salad bar is actually very nice and everything I tried tasted great - they have a good variety. However, the service was so slow and I felt forgotten as the waiters showed up to our table with the meats, making us wait 25-ish minutes each time. The food was incredible though and their swordfish was the best.

To be honest, I was expecting an up-scale experience from what I understood, but it turned out to be too casual. Why there were 3 year-olds and infants there, I will never understand. This is not a place for children and frankly the noise level from their screaming and crying killed it for me. Between that and the slow service, I doubt I would go back there, especially for a date night (I could barely even hear him talk).笑
To start, the food and service here are great.  The servers are constantly bringing over meat and accommodating every request for the exact meat you want.  

My gripe is that the dining experience is an absolute whirlwind.  You sit down, food is being fired at you left and right (pretty cool), you eat for 15-20 mins until you cannot move anymore, and then you pay the large bill.

I don't have a problem with the food, but when we sit down and spend $100+ on dinner, I realized I like a more calm and relaxed experience when I eat out.

I probably would not go back here, because I would rather go to a different steakhouse and spend $100+ and have an improved dining experience.  But, if you are into eating tons of delicious meat, this is your spot.笑
My favorite restaurant in the WORLD! Besides the cost, what is there not to like about this place if you love to eat premium meat cuts. 17 or 18 different meats and they're all brought to you hot and fresh and cut right onto your plate. Even the servers make me feel extra special. When I ask for more some of them say "only for you". Only for me??? I know they say that for everyone but it still makes me feel special inside haha. I can go there and eat nothing but meat which is what I've done whenever I've gone but everyone loves to salad bar which is also all you can eat. The mash potatoes are ridiculous good as well.

Yes, it is a bit expensive so you can't go there as much as you'd want to but that's the way it is. Every time I've gone it's during restaurant weeks so instead of the $45-50 it usually is it's around $30-35 and it's hard to turn that down. If you've never been here or to a Braziian streakhouse you have to try Chima.笑
Had the full rodizio, tiramisu and a bottle of red wines. The rotation was very hectic and I kept on getting offered the same meats over and over. The staff seemed in a hurry. A lot of the meats were a tad dry. 

Didn't know it was restaurant week otherwise I would have rescheduled my reservations.笑
Was there last year for Thanksgiving with the family & loved it so much we did it again this year. Looks like it's going to be a family tradition. While all the meats are great & don't disappoint; & the salad bar with the extra bar with traditional Thanksgiving fare was also great, the service was a bit lacking this year as compared to last year. But no matter bc we li;ed the food so much, we'll be back again next year!笑
Salad bar is awesome - fresh and great variety. The meats are good quality service was impeccable a bit pricey; go when you have a very large appetite; the food keeps coming and coming!! Best Brazilian Steakhouse in Charlotte笑
This place is not bad the food during queens feast was up to expectations, I wish I had more of the filet offered in the upgrade options. The salad bar was pretty good and the seasoned rice was excellent. 
The reason why I'm not giving them a 5 star is because of the service, even though the waiter was courteous he gave us misleading information, I asked him if the dessert was included and he said "yes"so we ordered the options given, he even went as far as to decline my request for a different dessert that wasn't part of the deal, so I clearly recall sticking to their options to not go over budget since we had already ordered a bottle of wine ( which was half price according to them, now I'm wondering if we got scammed into that one) 
 When the check came each dessert was charged. I so wish I checked the bill!!!! My trusting and distracted husband didn't even look just signed and tipped them really well. I noticed today when a friend mentioned that he had a bad experience and they charged him for the desserts too.笑
If you are a meat lover, then this is your place.  It is pricey, but for special occasions it's well worth it.  Huge salad bar, good wine selection, and.....just about every type of meat you can think of, and very well seasoned.笑
Is it gluttonous? Yes.
Is it a place for vegetarians? No.
Is it expensive? Yes.  (But you can shave a little off the cost by registering at their website and printing off the coupon that they email you.)
Is it worth it? Yes.

We went with another couple and had a wonderful time. Plan on a leisurely 2+ hour dinner. This is an event, not a quick bite. Remember to pace yourself. The staff did not rush us at all. In fact, they encouraged us to sit back, relax, enjoy some conversation and then have a little more when were were ready.  

The meats are the reason you go to Chima and they are well worth it. If you only try one thing, make it the top sirloin. If you can get an end piece, even better. The fillet (NOT wrapped in bacon) is incredible and the chicken (NOT wrapped in bacon) is succulent. Don't miss out on the lamb chops either. The ribeye has a delightfully beefy flavor that should not be passed over. The other offerings were good, but they were not the highlights of our evening. 

Although the meats are the main event, make sure to sample the salad bar because its offerings are wonderful. The calamari salad should not be missed as well as the beef carpaccio. Everything on the salad bar not only looked appetizing, it was delicious. 

The "sides" that they brought to the table were good. The parmesan cheese bread was yummy and the polenta sticks were good. My tablemates said that the mashed potatoes were excellent but my favorite side was the fried bananas. 

Needless to say, we will definitely be back.笑
My husband and I have went to several Brazilian steakhouse around the U.S.  We had not been to Chimas before and were excited to go.   From the beginning the waiter felt a little irritated that we did not order a bottle of wine.   From there the experience went down hill.  We sat with an empty plate for about 10 mins and this is not normal for a Brazilian steakhouse the meat usually doesn't stop coming.  I addressed this with the waiter and he asked what particular meat did I want.   Which someone brought that meat over and again the waiting game began.  We probably had 5 of the 16 meats and they lacked seasoning as well. Very disappointing experience.  Never again.笑
My favorite Brazilian restaurant! The food and salad bar is amazing! If you are a meat lover you will love this restaurant. You have to try there signature Brazilian cocktail!笑
IN SHORT: QUANTITY OVER QUALITY.

I went here once with my husband after reading rave reviews. I think I am in the minority here, but I didn't love it. It wasn't a poor experience though. The service was good, (though we occasionally had to flag down the gentlemen who had a particular meat/protein we were interested in), and the food was good (and plentiful). Sadly though, I have to say my favorite thing about this place was the cheese-filled bread they bring you. I cannot say it was any different from the cheese bread you get at any other Brazilian steakhouse (which, if it helps for reference, I haven't loved either), but  darn it's good. Heck, it's cheese & bread (though unique) - who could ask for more!?!? I also enjoyed the fried plantains. 

My husband and I were discussing our experience and decided we weren't particularly 'jazzed' about it because we felt it was quantity over quality. True, you get TONS of meat - all kinds of meat at that. The wine list was very good. The salad bar - in my opinion, and oddly I'm a former vegetarian - was not very good at all. 

I will say it was a fun experience to try, but it's not something we'll repeat. If you want high value in terms of quantity and ok quality/flavors (assuming you arriving hungry), then give it a shot. I just didn't love it.笑
Salad bar is amazing. Loved the grilled sword and salmon fish.  The service was excellent. Valet parking was provided too. This was my second time here and for sure I will come again.笑
Chima...Brazilian Steakhouse...first off let me say that it was quite good ..but of course I am a Serbian so ..I have a couple of things that I need to talk about with you. We were seated and the concept was explained to those who had not been at this kind of venue before. The salad bar is quite amazing..but here is the deal..you would think they would want youto fill up on the bar so that the meat would not be calling your name quite so many times..But I am an advocate of food not mixing ( no chinese buffets for me) and pooling together on the plate..and part of this was my fault because I could have flipped my token over so they would stop laying the meat all over my glorious Gorganzola Mousse . But they immediatley come and start asking you if you want --Garlic Beef, Parm Pork, Bacon Wrapped Chicken and of course the eater in me was like YES!  So then I slowed it down..asked for a clean plate..but alas I did lose a lot of the things that I took from the salad bar and I could have returned ..but by then I had already added 4 or 5 lbs to my body and it was hard to walk in high heels!!
We brought our own wine..it was a 30th Birthday for my daughter and we knew "Our Family" so we needed wine..we tried to make a little deal with our Captain..not to charge 20 bucks corking fee for every bottle and we would tip him more..but  no go...so we had 6 bottles at 20 bucks a pop..Kind of steep..Then we brought in a homemade cake that I had made for my daughter, her request a Black Forest Torte and I had the candles and the plates and the knife to cut it with..they said they would serve it ...at 2 bucks a plate...So we let them sing to us and rejected the cake cutting charge. This is not a cheap place..it is expensive and they add a 18% tip to every bill without mentioning it and some of the people didnt know it and added more...so ...I am saying that it has the good Brazilian steak house attitude but a few hidden charges..and I know had we ordered the wine we would have paid more than 20 bucks a bottle..but   I feel like they could have worked with us a little..we had 14 people..they made a lot of moula off of us....Will I go back..Yes ... and  now I know which of the meats to eat and which to hold off on..Thanks for your ear!笑
aw man, not as good as I remember! This is still the place to be if quantity is your name and a plethora of meat is your game (points for ambiguity). We went for restaurant week again and this time they changed it so for $30 you get a selection of 8 meats and for $39 you get all 16...we went the big kahuna but I wouldn't do that again.

The larger option included the filet, ribeye, and bacon-wrapped options. I felt that none were quite as good as the top sirloin which was included in the $30 option, as was the lamb which was nice as well. The bacon options were honestly too salty for my tastes and the Parmesan crusted pork was not crustry but mushy and so it wasn't very good either. I will admit I am sensitive to salt but my boyfriend is a huge fan of the stuff, we both were up half the night chugging water ... so leave some room in your belly for that. 

My dad and boyfriend were in their glory but this time around I was honestly getting a little nauseated from all the meat. 

Service was good and the place is quite nice but overall the food was just a bit too much for me.笑
We went there for a guys night during restaurant week.  The pork rib I could have eaten it by itself all night but everything was delicious, the pork rib was just extra Delicious!  Staff was good, not a place to go if you aren't overly hungry.  Salad bar was fantastic too.  Guys paradise for a meal.笑
great place to eat  very good food the buffet always full you don't need to wait till they fill it up,the location is in the center of down town Charlotte  very nice to hang out.
come very hungry .笑
First of all, their wine list is bonkers.  There were items on the wine list that retail in the grocery store for $15, selling for $50 - $60.  Jeez Louise. OMG.  Give me a $&*!! break.  But I understand they have rent to pay, blah blah blah. 

So it is $40 dollars a person to dine at Chima.  The waiters come by with meat on skewers.  Everything, steak, steak, steak and more steak and lamb, chicken, pork, salmon, did I mention steak?  There is a salad bar, with all kinds of lettuces.  Wedges, endive, romaine. dressings.  Black beans and rice.  Pre made salads.  Most plentiful, you cannot go away from this place hungry.  

The meat fest is good, the service is helpful.  If you want more of one meat or want some rare or overcooked, they will come back with what you want graciously.  

 There were 10 of us, 10 that is $400.  So, now add in some booze and dessert and least not forget, tax & tip.

I was excited to go and see what all the hype was about, now I can say I went.笑
I visit Chimas during restaurant week it was my first time their I didn't have a great experience. When we first sat down the service was pretty quick our server explained the concept we chose to pay the more expensive menu which includes all meats. After almost 20-30 minutes we realized all they were offering to us was chicken and sausage options. We talked to our waitress and she rapidly changed our tokens on the table which meant we were only being offered the meats for the smaller package. I was disappointed because I was done with my meal and instead of explaining what had happened she just changed the tokens but I caught on to what she did. After she switched our token we requested filet mignon never got it. We also requested salmon And it was extremely overcooked. I'm assuming we were getting a poor service because it was close to closing which was very frustrating because we paid just as much as the people that came in earlier. Might give this place a second try ! Overall not that bad great concept but waitresses mistake was unacceptable.笑
The hubby & I have dined here on many occasions. Our last time was not the best experience so we were compensated with 2 rodizios on our next visit. Well we used them! The experience was just absolutely amazing. From the ambiance to the service and the food simply scrumptious. They always knock it out of the park with the salad bar & I am a huge veggie head. Couldn't have asked for anything else to have made this evening any better. We were full of smiles(full bellies too) and we even got to be mushy gushy cause it was so romantic. Thank you so much Chima! Until the next time:)笑
Definitely a must-try for Charlotteans! Went here on a Saturday night date a little while back.

Atmosphere: Very dark inside. White tablecloths. Dress business casual or wear a tie. We went at about 8PM and it was very lively, not like a night club, but lots of people eating dinner. The seating is fairly close together, which is my only complaint. There's a bar/lounge area on the second floor which is a great place to enjoy a quiet drink afterwards.

Service: I'm writing this review assuming that readers know the concept behind a Brazilian steakhouse. It's one of the few environments where the wait staff can be attentive but not annoying. The whole bit about "turning your card over" is more theory than practice; waiters will notice whether you have an empty plate and they do ask before slicing up food for you. Wine was brought out promptly and water glasses were refilled regularly.

Food: Definitely lives up to the buzz! I'd write about the specifics of each type of meat, but I had tried so many different things it would be impossible. The standouts include the ribeye, filet mignon, leg of lamb, and pork sausage. The only thing I recall not liking was the pork loin which was way over-seasoned. Yes, the steak is going to be better at Sullivan's, and the seafood is going to be better at Upstream, but if you're looking for "all of the above" and the quality still being among the best in Charlotte, look at Chima. Salad bar is worth going for also.

Would I go back? Without a doubt. Not as often as I'd like to, however... because you've got to spend about $120-150 with food ($40 a plate), wine, dessert, tip, etc.笑
I REALLY wanted to like this place. I love trying new Brazilian Steakhouses when ever we travel. We have been to Fogo De Chao, Espetus, Texas De Brazil and a few others. I had read many many positive reviews and couldn't wait to try. I won't go into the whole what the restaurant looks like and such.. I will break down what I did and did not like. 

Likes: Cheese Bread, Brazilian Sausage, And that is honestly it..period. 

Dis Likes: 
Tiny salad bar. 

Every meat other then the sausage,,,all the beef was WAY overdone, and had little to zero spice/flavor, 

The Servers & waiters ALL had either HUGE attitudes or they acted like they would rather be anywhere other then there. After requesting the sausage several times and it not coming to the table I asked for the check and my waiter rolled his eyes and said "I thought you wanted sausage" "I did 20 minutes ago" All of a sudden I had 3 yes 3 gauchos with full swords of sausage at my table.... talk about feast or famine. 

I was also told that the new management made changes so there was no longer any chicken hearts, No Shrimp and No Grilled Pineapple. 

So basically the management diluted down the experience to please the average dull palette, tisk, tisk, tisk. 

In a nutshell if you enjoy REAL churrascaria's this is NOT the place for you, however if you don't know the difference you will probably like it.笑
I've eaten at a number of Brazilian steak houses all over the Eastern US and have to say this place was mediocre compared to the likes of Fago de Chao and Tejas de Brasil. I'm not sure if we caught them on an off night (all places have them now and then) or if this is a trend. 

First, Chima's meat was way too salty - to me a sign of poor quality meat with which they are starting. The selection of meats was probably better than at other places, but I'd rather have better quality and less selection. Plus, despite being touted, their "house speciality" I found was fatty, grissly and not that great. Moreover, they never brought around fish - again a nice option not always available at other places - despite us requesting it a few times.

Second, the salad bar was mediocre - no feijoada that they had touted. Plus side was that they did have some nice sauces for the meats - especially liked the spicy steak sauce, it was a good change of pace.

Third, the price - there were 4 of us (all men) and the price was comparable to other places for the meal itself. Where they get you those is the price of mixed drinks - $14 per drink. That's higher than other comparable restaurants in other cities (including Atlanta, DC, Chicago and NY). 

The service was solid & the waiter attentive.

As another user said, it's a good experience and probably worth trying out if you've never been, but if there are other options for your experience, I would recommend them over Chima.笑
Chima never disappoints me! Decor is awesome! Great for dates, nights with the girls,family, parties or whatever! They are so accommodating, and the food and drinks are amazing. This is how you want to be treated when you go to a restaurant! I highly recommend Chima for anyone who's new to Charlotte or has been here and hasn't tried it yet! :) Ask for Zeek or my bartender Chris! ) #FlawlessLifeSTyle笑
I am Brazilian and this place is a bit overrated

Let me start telling you about my background. I am from the southernmost state of Brazil, Rio Grande do Sul, where the authentic "churrasco" is from. While I cannot find a really authentic place here in the US (because they are not run by authentic gauchos from the south) there are many others that can serve a delicious churrasco. Chima does delivers a delicious meal, however, for their price range I am obligated to compare them to other upscale "churrascarias" like Fogo de Chao, Plataforma (NYC) and Texas de Brazil. Chima is probably 4th in the list. I rated them this low because for the price they do charge in Charlotte (because they can) is not compatible with the quality of service and meat variety we get in these other upscale churrascarias. 

This place is surprising the busiest restaurant in Charlotte and I do see why. Where in uptown you pay $50 and can taste so many different cuts of beef? Exactly! But like I said before, being in other churrascarias I think that Chima is overrated as they are trying to compare themselves to Fogo de Chao, which they are not.

It is still an excellent experience if you have never been, but as a Brazilian I rarely go because with the price tag they have, we can have an outstanding meal in other steakhouses around uptown.

Sides are nothing too special, fried polentas are good but way worse than Fogo de Chao.

Chima also does not open for lunch (except in special days) and when they open for lunch they usually charge $37 however they do reduce the variety of cuts and also their service is not too good. As an example, in Miami, Fogo de Chao charges $30 for lunch and they have the exactly same menu as dinner.

They also do not feature chicken hearts (which may sound yucky but it is a must have in churrascarias) and they also marinate the beef with garlic in some cuts which is an assassination to the method of preparing the food. The garlic is to mask the bad taste of the beef cut. A real beef cut is seasoned with sea salt only (maybe some pepper) and not with garlic. There was even a project of "law" in southern Brazil that to be called churrasco only Sea Salt should be used, no garlic, no pepper.

Desserts are expensive and not required. In Brazil, churrascarias often don't charge for deserts and you would have a buffet. Some upscale churrascarias charge for it.笑
Everyone was right.  The previous reviewers were dead on between it being expensive, the quantity of meat, the service, ambiance.  Kudos to the previous reviewers.  My friend decided to try this place, I loved the website and was inspired by the yelp reviewers.  It was booked out New Year's Eve night, went the following evening.  I never ate so much meat in my life.  I made sure I got my monies worth. I think my friend and I stayed for 2.5 hours, milking the clock like a basketball game.  The cool thing about the servers randomly bringing slops of meat is having the chima sticker turned up to orange.  Get a  piece of meat, turn it to black.  The salad bar looked good but if I'm paying $40-50 per plate, the last thing I am thinking is salad.  If I was to come to it again, definitely have to take advantage of the $20 off coupon from the website.  

Ate so much, I thought I was going to puke.  I pushed myself to that limit based on the price.  Loved the swordfish, loved the leg of lamb!!!!

Overall Grade: A

P.S - they could at least let us take a complimentary plate home for the price.笑
Not somewhere you can go often, but a great place for special occasions! Definitely check it out if you want to impress your date or just put them in a food coma. I love the fresh salad bar to compliment all of the meat. Great wine and cocktail selection as well. My favorite thing is the pork tenderloin. Melt in your mouth.

Recently went and tried out their new express lunch. You pick one cut of meat a la carte and the gourmet salad bar. You can enjoy the deliciousness without over-indulging!笑
Came here for my b-day with hubby.  Loved the salad bar !  I agree with the other reviews you must be a meat lover to fully enjoy it.    I was so stuff I did not get a chance to try the flank steak or top sirloin.   I do agree with the other posts the swordfish was too dry and salmon was good.  

I usually like my red meats medium but I found out they were to well done.  I  ordered it medium rare instead.  

I also had the passion fruit chocolate mousse for dessert.  It was delicious very much different tasting. Never had anything like that before.  Overall the place was really nice and service was very good.. Next visit,  I  will just order the salad bar and fish instead.笑
I've been to Chima a few times and I LOVE it! I eat like a complete pig and enjoy every minute of it. I love the mashed potatoes that are on the table. The salad bar is not your average salad. My trip I was completely lost but I just decided to try new things. Some I liked, some I didn't but it was a good experience. I especially love the beef rib, it's so moist and juicy. My least favorite would have to be the lamb, I HATE mint and its all over the meat.笑
I got married Saturday, July 5, 2014.  We had our reception there. The GOURMET salad bar with over 50 items was INCREDIBLE.  Then they come around over and over, and over and over again with STEAK, LAMB, CHICKEN, FISH, VEAL AND PORK.  The meat was PERFECT.  Their wine selection is very good and very reasonable.  10 people , all the food mentioned above, 4 bottles of wine, dessert ( their cheesecake is OVER THE TOP ) and they include the tip for the cheap, ungrateful people in Charlotte who won't or are  unable to learn the concept of tipping.  Whatever the bill is they tack on tax and 18% gratuity fee.  Know that going in, if you don't like it, don't go in there.   THE TOTAL BILL WITH ALL THAT WAS $ 950.00.  For 10 people that is EXCELLENT.  If we went to Morton's it would have been $ 3,500.00.  I cannot afford that.  950, I can.  Thank You CHIMA for making our day special and memorable.笑
Nearly everything about this restaurant was brilliant!  The food, the service, the enormous salad bar.  So many different kinds of succulent meats were brought to our table all night.  I just couldn't say no to anything.  Then,  more meat came and they were wrapped in bacon.  Who doesn't love bacon?  Then swordfish.. Then Chicken.  Although the food was amazingly good,  the service was what really stood out.  For a restaurant that doesn't really require a whole lot out of the servers, they amazed me.  Our waiter had extensive knowledge of the food and it preparation.  The only issue that I had with the restaurant was the cost.  It is very expensive.  So, just be prepared to drop some dough.  Seriously, though.... COME HUNGRY!  Enjoy!

-Ian M.笑
Truly an incredible dining experience. I went for restaurant week when most servers treat you like a second-class citizen, but we got amazing service, an incredible spread of food, more meats than I could name, all of very high quality and well-seasoned.  With good looking guys bringing you delicious food, what girl wouldn't be happy?笑
The service was excellent and the food was good. Maybe it was the whole Brazilian eatery I don't care for. I felt rushed the entire time.  The atmosphere was ok but definitely not conducive to a relaxed social dining experience. As we all know it's not always about just the food.
The bill for the two of us came to just over 200. I had a glass of wine  and my husband had a mixed drink. However,  that price did not include coffee and desert.笑
Nice atmosphere and huge chunks of meat continuously pushed in your face.  The regular meal is $45 but includes everything.  Turkey pate, fried bananas and sweet rolls are given first, go easy, its gonna be a long meal.  Then you go to the "salad" bar.  Pretty nice selections.  The beef carpacio is a must.  Squid salad isn't bad.  You might want to grab a chunk of Gorgonzola to go on top of your soon to come meat.

The meat.

Filet mignon was obviously the best IMO.  Tender, good flavor.  The sirloin "which is supposedly their specialty" had a nice smokey flavor but wasn't extremely tender.  Bacon wrapped anything seems to come out well.  The leg of lamb had good flavor but was a little chewy.  The lamb popsicles were quite tastey.  I was not at all impressed with the fish, but found the complimenting sauces helpful.  Tiramasu for desert and a nice Malbec all the way through.  5 stars for an in town place, but would be a little less in a real international city.笑
Chima Brazilian Steakhouse was our first stop for my 'Mommy's Favorite Thing to Make For Dinner is Reservations' blog series - and what a great way to kick it off!

I've dined at Chima before and have always been impressed, but I was nervous to be bringing the kids with us. It's a classy restaurant and I was worried it wasn't 'little kid' friendly. My worries were quickly assuaged.

We used their complimentary valet service dropping our car off on 4th street. Upon our arrival the hostess placed us in a great location, close to the salad bar but with enough room for all of our belongings. The servers were on point and immediately got our drinks and asked if the kids might care for some french fries. They placed some airy cheesy bread on our table and the kids were in heaven.

Our son inhaled the bread while I brought our daughter to the salad bar. She kept exclaiming how pretty it was. She was right, it looked beautiful, crisp and fresh. There were some unique dishes, and she's a picky eater - but we were able to get several items that got her 'picky kid seal of approval'.

Their salad bar offered many eye and palette pleasing options. I'm a huge fan of fresh mozzarella, which made a beeline for my plate. I chose to taste several of their salads and my favorites were the calamari and the endive salads. But, lets be honest, I was in it for the Rodizio - which was AHHH-MAZING.

Once we flipped our chip to orange the gauchos stopped by our table offering an array of succulent meats on skewers. I sampled sirloin, ribeye, leg of lamb, flank steak, ribs, chicken and bacon wrapped chicken and filet. My two favorites were the filet and the parmesan pork loin. I thought everything was cooked to perfection and tasted outstanding. Just when I thought I couldn't enjoy another ounce of meat, they brought around the salmon and swordfish. I donned my 'Meat Queen' crown and tried a little of both - you know.. for the blog's sake ;) The swordfish was delicious and well paired with the accompanying sauce.

Throughout our meal the waiters tended to our drinks and checked in often to see if there was any particular meat we were wishing to taste, or re-taste. They were very personable with the kids and spoke directly to them, which our daughter loves. The kids both got a charge out of being able to pick the meats up from the gauchos with their tongs and place it on their plates. Our daughter enjoyed deciding if she could eat another piece of meat and if so, purposefully flipped over the chip grinning ear to ear.

The ambiance was very family friendly, staff members were singing happy birthday in Portuguese to other patrons, and our kids clapped along. While Chima is a beautiful high end restaurant, I felt very comfortable having the kids there with us - and wasn't worried they would bother other people's meals because the restaurant is spacious. The movement of the gauchos and other patrons through the restaurant gave the kids something to watch and keep their interest, which gets beaucoup props from this mama!

By the end of our meal we broke out the iPad, and the kids played a few games quietly at the table as my husband was finishing his second helping of all things Rodizio. I brought our daughter to the restroom and was happy to see how impeccably clean it was and that it donned a baby changing station.

Our experience was memorable, and one our daughter is still talking about. I'm just waiting for her to expect service on skewers at home! We will definitely visit Chima again as a couple and as a family.  

Jim (aka The Meat King's) commentary:

Chima is an excellent place to bring the family, especially from the perspective of a hungry, carnivorous husband.  The selection and quality of meats was outstanding - I think I tried all of them.  The best was a close call between the bacon wrapped filet, the regular filet, the Cajun ribeye, and the house sirloin.  OK, all the beef was good.  The only meat I wasn't in love with was the pork ribs, which I thought tasted a little dry and crunchy. The buffet features many different tasty side dishes - too many to try them all, knowing that room had to be saved for all the meat. A great finishing touch would have been if they offered grilled pineapple, like many Brazilian restaurants that I've dined at do. The wait staff, including the waiters and the gauchos, were attentive all evening with refills of drinks and meats.  The men's room was very modern and clean, and it does have a changing table in the full size toilet stall.  Valet parking was complimentary and was quick to return our minivan to us.  All in all, if you are looking for a unique dining experience and enjoy the Rodizio style of rotating meats, come hungry to Chima and you won't be disappointed.笑
With a place like this, I find it's all within context. Compared to an Outback Steakhouse, it deserves a 4.5. But, compared to a BLT, Blue, or Flemings, it's more on the 3 side. 

Here's my story. Having read so many popular reviews, I thought I would try this place myself. Indeed it was exciting to see people come along and cut slices of meat for you. But compared to one of the many fancy steakhouses in Charlotte, you can just tell it's a notch or two below. 

Tips:
Avoid some of the cheaper meats at the beginning (e.g., bacon wrapped chicken) and the oh-so-tempting salad bar altogether. Wait for the more expensive meats that come later (filet mignon and lamb chops). The lamb was absolutely delicious.笑
This is a really nice place for a romantic dinner and meat lovers. The uptown atmosphere suites the décor and the food was superb. The service and servers were top notch and well worth a visit back when you want to indulge. Nice ambiance, welcoming entrance. I would recommend to anyone.笑
If you can eat the weight of a large cat in steak, then it might be worth your while.  The food is very good and service is very attentive, but it is just not worth paying that much. There are plenty of other restaurants that serve excellent food that won't require you to take out a second loan on your house.笑
After all the reviews I've heard about this place I was expecting way more but unfortunately it wasn't all that. The service was great but the food was only ok and m the meat tasted like it was drowned in oil!. The salad bar tasted way better then the meat. 1st/last time, the price is surely over priced! I wouldn't recommend it for a family dinner unless your willing to pay $400+. It's good to try if it's only 2 people, for the experience.笑
One of my favorite restaurants in the QC. Food is delicious and the service is amazing!笑
Went to Chima's tonight with some friends, it was the first time that I had been, I was very disappointed, for the cost I figured the chefs would not need to use so much salt in the food, it was horrible, the salad bar was hyped up with exotic names, you could get better at Golden Corral. For 2 people with one glass of wine and a so so cheesecake it was $130.00. The wait staff uses modern technology with the tickets but takes twice as long to get checked out. I did try the different meats and I can not say that I liked any of it, if all your wanting is bland and salty dinner then this is your place笑
Very expensive but wow. Incredible food. Just keeps coming nonstop. Amazing for a special occasion.笑
Extremely fun BUT insanely crowded for restaurant week! Made a reservation the day of and was really surprised it actually happened. They ended up staying open at least 3 hours after closing in order to fit in all of the promised reservations and meals. Busy and loud atmosphere. 

Great selection of meats, salad bar, and signature Brazilian side dishes! Coughed up $100 for a dinner for two with dessert. Tiramisu was a little too coffee based.笑
Excellent food.  I was mostly impressed with the freshness and diversity of the salad bar.  The meat was tender and cooked to my liking.  I happened to be in town during a promotion for the Queen's Feast.  My meal was $30.  I got so much more for the price.  I can understand why the normal price of $46.50.  There are greater labor and food costs with a brazilian steakhouse.  They turned their salad items every 30 minutes.  They have their waiters, bussers, meat servers all trained for excellent customer service, always asking if I need anything.  They had a HUGE staff.  Going to ANY brazilian steakhouse is expensive regardless of location, but this one had it all.  

I had so much more food since I was alone and was served the appetizers and sides for a table of four.  This is the place to take friends and family, co-workers and business associates, and your significant other (unless he/she is a vegetarian).  The variety of meats and seafood was more than enough for the price.  Share the dessert, eat all the meat you want, consume salad and soup until your pants pop.  Given what you receive, you can't miss.  Foodie Tip: eat small portions so you can experience more of the wide variety of food being served.   It's ok to request smaller portions/cuts of meat.  Enjoy the ambience, ask questions of the staff, and don't be shy to try new things.

This was an excellent food experience and recommend it to anyone visiting Charlotte, NC.  Coming from San Francisco and being a road warrior, I eat at a lot of nice restaurants.  This was memorable time with excellent food and a customer-oriented staff.  Make reservations.  Valet parking is Free.  Spend 2-3 hours.  Final TIP: If you work for one of the corporate giants: Duke Energy, BofA, etc, be sure to ask for the corporate rate.  It's well worth the price.  And if you balk at the regular price (you can easily spend $70-$80/person with alcohol and desert), save your money for the experience.  It's worth it to go at least once.  Remember, it's an all-you-can-eat salad and meat buffet so save room and go for it.笑
Quite possibly one of the best restaurants in Charlotte.  While some might think it to be slightly expensive, I would have easily paid twice as much and it would have been worth every penny.

The food is nothing short of incredible.  About halfway into my dining experience I noticed myself glancing around the room waiting for the "gauchos" to circle back around.  In particular, the Filet Mignon and the Swordfish are extremely well prepared and seasoned.  I do have to warn those who prefer their meat cooked to a "well done" or medium-well" state, most of what is brought to the table is Medium at best, usually Medium Rare.  This was excellent for me given that I despise dry meat.  Just wanted to throw that in there.

The service was also fantastic.  You are constantly approached by waiters/waitresses asking if they can exchange your plate for a clean one.  I never found my wine glass approaching empty, the wait staff was always there to ensure that.  The one negative thing I can say is that sometimes I found them to overbearing with the delivery of the food.  You have a circular card to indicate whether you would like to take a break or continue dining.  While black means take a break, I found the gauchos constantly approaching me to see if I would like more.  I am going to go ahead and attribute this to it being a packed Saturday night however it was slightly irritating nonetheless.  

All in all, I will definitely be frequenting this establishment in the future and find it to be an amazing atmosphere with superb food.  Bravo Chima, Bravo!笑
Good salad bar and unlimited fairly decent quality steak of all different cuts. Some cuts are definitely better than others though, so be sure to pace yourself and start with really thin small portions so you can figure out your preferred cut and then attack. Avoid eating too much bread or at the salad bar, as there's only so much food that can fit in your stomach. The place will be noisy and hectic as waiters are flying all over the place slicing steaks for people. I do not recommend coming here on a first date or for a special occasion or if you just want to be intimate.笑
Good food but way overpriced for the food quality and overall experience...was cool as a one time experience but that's enough... Rather enjoy a Morton's and save money with a better overall dinner.  Not impressed.笑
I'm at a 3.5/5 with Chima for three reasons: 

1. Tender, flavorful meat sliced at table-side. Okay, the second part is expected at every Brazilian Steakhouse but the first part not so much. My favorite is the top sirloin!  Also, if you want medium--they have medium. If you want well done--they have well done. And rare/medium-rare (often the most popular) is available too! If not they're more than ready to send the meat you want at the temperature you want. 

2. A few of the pieces I found rather salty. 

3. Expensive! But ask them about the banker discount Sunday-Wednesday. 

Over all it's a classy location with nice service and well cooked (although not always at the ideal salt level) meat. If you're looking for an AYCE with lots of meat in Charlotte this is the place to be.笑
If you love meat, this is your place. I have dined here with friends many times and the food has always been excellent. My favorite is the House Special. My husband loves the Brazilian limeades. Their salad bar is great too with lots of options. Try this place!笑
When we pulled up to the valet stand, it was empty. We saw the valet guy was down the block smoking. Thankfully my car didn't smell like smoke afterward. They were very accommodating in that it was my wife's birthday and I asked to have more privacy. They placed us in a section where it was only us. The service was awesome, even though they came regardless of what side the token was on. I never turned it to the side asking for more the entire night. The meat was great, but what our server called "mashed potatoes" was more like a white soup. We're still not sure what it was. 

To summarize, I will come back because of the meats and the service.笑
I couldn't find anything about this restaurant that's above average. The food, salad bar, drinks, and ambience were all decent. But they do charge you top dollar. Hence, the below average rating.笑
Just tried this place based on reviews. Was sad to find a wide assortment of the same heavy garlic and salted meats with no change in flavor. Very over cooked and tough to chew on half of the choices.  Pork was not edible. Salad bar was okay.

Update: Went on to the dessert and had the banana sauce on ice cream. It tasted like very strong sour vinegar. They apologized and said it was not right.  The manager came to apologize and after checking confirmed that the garlic oil was mistakenly put on everything.  Comped much of the bill and asked us to try again.笑
Definitely a carnivore's dream!

You can get the salad bar all on it's own, tho which includes carpaccio, smoked salmon, salads, cheese, an awesome rice dish (try it with the vegetable soup poured over it!)  Lot's of yummy goodies.

Luisa was our server & she was so engaging & pleasant.  I can't remember her partner's name, but he was also helpful throughout our meal & they both made sure we were well taken care of with all of our favorite meat choices coming by often.

They've added grilled shrimp to the meat choices!  Large shrimp that have the peel on, but because they are grilled they are the peels come of easily.

The wine list has been updated with some nice selections, but it's still amazing the markup on alcohol.

So whether this is a splurge or just a carnivorous feeding frenzy - Chima is a great choice for uptown Charlotte!笑
This was the first "eat all meat fest" I've been to, so with that being said, I think the meat is top notch. I knew going into it I was going to stuff myself, so I tried to pace myself. The drinks were amazing, the salad bar, delicious. The meats were the best part, and the top sirloin was amazing.  I do think we were somewhat rushed after my boyfriend said he was full, because then they came and took the card away and I still had room to stuff myself. I was peeved, especially for paying so much. But alas, I went to the salad bar once again and it was alright. I also did not realize how full I had gotten until I left, so all in all, very enjoyable for an expensive meal.笑
We didn't have the highest expectations, but disappointed doesn't begin to describe our feelings after leaving Chima last night. First, let me say that the service was outstanding. Friendly and attentive, everyone goes out of their way to provide a great experience. However, the meat was consistently low quality and horrible to the point of inedible. Granted, we regularly eat at The Palm and Del Frisco's, so may have different standards, but for this price point we expected higher quality. Another reviewer described Chima as an upscale Golden Corral and he was spot on. The salad bar is pretty good, but at the end of the day, just a salad bar. Ordering off of iPads seriously diminishes the upscale feel. Skip Chima and go to a nice steakhouse.笑
I attended a bachelorette dinner here on Saturday, September 3rd with 6 ladies in our group.  We had reservations for 7:45pm but didn't get seated until about 45 minutes later.  No big deal, it happens.  None of us had ever been here before so we weren't exactly sure what to expect (the restaurant was recommended to us).  When we finally got a table, the server was great but none of us were told the menu options or prices.  Essentially, we had no idea what we were going to be paying for.  A previous review said the following: $35 option is the full rodizio, salad bar which isn't as full with a variety of offerings like standard days. $54.95 option includes above plus dessert and a few extra cuts of neat including lamb chops.  If this is true, they charged us the higher price without informing us we had any other choice.  We were also never told that dessert was included with our price, which is why none of us ordered anything from the $7+ per item dessert menu.  The other issue for us was that all of the red meats coming out were cooked medium to medium-rare, so we had to constantly ask for well-done, which we didn't get much of.  We all felt we had to pay way too much for not much food, because we didn't want pink meat.  And then a $10 tip was added to each person's bill which meant we paid $69 for food and ate about $10 worth.  I understand some people don't mind the price, but this was a waste of money for us.笑
Upscale. Expensive. But the food and service are beyond compare. The restaurant is merely a block from the Belk theater, so it's great for dinner beforehand or drinks afterwards. Look at their website to really get a look into this restaurant & how they serve their proteins, individually off of "spits". Filet mignonette, ribeye, pork, scallops, shrimp, lamb, bacon wrapped chicken etc.笑
Fancy meat house if that's your thing but be prepared to open the wallet.  I would be fine with the salad bar and a couple of pieces of fish but like all Brazilian eateries, it's meat overload and it makes me not want to eat meat for the next couple of months after leaving.  Be prepared to be spoiled with the service because they lay it on thick, but I think if I ever return it will be for drinks only......the bar is very nice!笑
I've heard many people speak of the glutenous acts that occur at this Brazilian steakhouse. So naturally, I wanted to check it out for myself and what better time than restaurant week. 

I planned my day around this event in order to maximize my appetite upon arrival and despite the temptation I did not use performance enhancers. The veterans in our group each shared strategies for optimum performance however I held fast to my original game plan which was to tip toe very carefully around the side items and salad bar in order to devour maximum meat. 

On the salad bar I chose: smoked salmon, carpaccio, smoked gouda, one carefully selected stalk of asparagus, and mixed greens topped with marinated artichoke hearts. The carpaccio dipped in their horseradish sauce and the marinated artichoke hearts were definitely the highlights of the salad bar. 

Now for the MAIN event.......ding....ding...fighting from table 21 weighing in at 148.5 lbs.......RED PINT! 

When I flipped my coin to red the first guy to appear was carrying what ended up to be my favorite cut of the evening, the lamb chop. I devoured three lamb chops along with a sample of almost all other 15 offerings of meat. My second favorite behind the lamb chop was definitely the sirloin. 

The side items on the table were not very exciting, but let's be honest that's not what we came here or. The mashed potatoes were way too rich (loaded with butter, cream and cheese) and everything else was fried. 

Overall it was a great experience and I would consider bringing friends and family who have not dined at a similar Brazilian steakhouse or perhaps a vegetarian girl because lord knows I only want to pay once for the full rodizio.笑
perfect place for the meat lovers   As most Brazilian steakhouses go, this place really knows how to impress.   There is a huge fireplace in the main lobby with seating for parties that may have a wait. and upstairs bar if you need to wait for a table .
i recommended this place笑
During Restaurant Week, my husband and I always try and come here because it's an amazing deal. Most of the experience was great, with just a few minor glitches. To start, our reservations were for 8pm. When I walked in the door at 8pm, there was a line at the host stand about 4 deep. By the time it was my turn, minutes had past, and the hostess informed me that because I was late, I would have to wait for my table. It was their policy during Restaurant Week to give over your table to someone else if you were not there exactly on or before your reservation time. Ummm OK so the reason I was late was of no fault to my own and now my reserved table was gone? So big hint for Restaurant Week: go early! 

We waited at the upstairs bar/lounge where I had my favorite Chima cocktail, the caipirinha. Delicious as always! After about a 30 minute wait, we were directed to our table. Our waitress was OK; she didn't bring warm plates for our meats (I would assume they would have brought a clean, warm plate for our meats aside from the salad plate), and my husband had to ask twice for his drink. The salad bar was well stocked and everything was fresh. The meats that came around were delicious, although by the time most of them got to our table, they were room temperature. My favorites being the parmesan crusted pork tenderloin and the bacon-wrapped chicken. We didn't have any dessert as we were both stuffed, and this was after only eating off of the Restaurant Week menu (not the full menu). 

Overall, it was a great dinner, with just minor glitches, that didn't break the evening by any means. We love Chima and will be back for sure!笑
Took our kids here for a different dining experience on vacation. It was fine, no flaws in service and the salad bar offerings were tasty. Much Better meat can be had elsewhere but overall it was an interesting experience. I would not run back but I would not avoid it either.笑
For us young professionals ($$$), this place is for special occasions - once or twice a year type thing.  We like it for large groups as they are able to accommodate and are able to service a large group. This means that it can get pretty rowdy but there's no extended wait time for the food.

The service varies from night to night, some more attentive/willing to serve than others but generally what you would expect from nicer restaurants. Same hit or miss with the hostesses.

The variety of meats (beef, pork, and lamb) and items on the 'salad bar' that has more than just vegetables are more than satisfactory. Because of the options, I never feel that I am not getting my money's worth just because I did not consume a pile of red meat as big as others. A 100 pound girl can only eat so much.

Feel free to turn the chip over if feeling overwhelmed, you can always flip it over again. Don't be shy to ask your servers for your favorite(s) to stop by again and again.

I give it four stars because I'm a fan but it is not a place I would miss if I moved away.笑
GO HUNGRY!!!  Do not go if you are on a diet or you had a big lunch.  
I will start with the best part, the staff!  It has been a while since I have encountered service this nice.  I had my chair pulled out for me every time I sat down, my napkin was folded for me when I left the table.  Attentive, not overly so.  Well mannered, not forced.

Now on to the delicious food.  The salad bar needs to be called something else.  It has so much more than lettuce and croutons.  Carpaccio, lox, soup, lots of good yummy things.
The meat is without question.  I like my meats cooked as rare as possible and I had no problems whatsoever.  The polenta was ehh and the potatoes I can make at home but the fried bananas were super yummy!  For restaurant week it is a must!笑
A great special occasion restaurant.

A group of six went here to celebrate my sons birthday.
I made reservations a week in advance.
When we got there at 7p right on time, they told us a 20 minute wait, huh?
After 20 minutes our buzzer thing went off and they said, 'your table of 8 is ready', huh? I said six, right?

After another 10 minute wait we finally got seated. Of course, no one apologized or made any effort for a concession.  

I'm not going to go over board like so many others have on their review.
The  concept they have is nothing new. It's the same thing as the 'dim sum' concept except for meat eaters.

I liked that they remembered my son's birthday, had a cake and sang happy birthday in Portuguese.

I also, like the complimentary valet parking.

We were looking for MJ who lives on the top floor but no sighting this time.
Oh yeah, the check for six was $305.00, we had a few crown and sodas.
The usual price per person with tax is $44.00; that includes the salad bar. Pay attention to your check as they add an 18% gratuity.

I would def recommend you go with the top sirloin, it's a choice cut and has the best flavor.  

It's cool that they all have iPhones and your head waiter can make a text request for the type of meat you want and they are at your table pronto!笑
This is definitely the place to go if you are a meat person!  Located right at the corner of 3rd and Tryon - if you can't find parking on the street use the valet (available most days).  

There is a gorgeous dining room and bar.  There is an upper and lower level.  The upper letter is fun because you can look out onto Tryon.  

The downstairs seating area is sophisticated - make sure you dress up a bit!  There is a huge salad bar available - I usually save all my room for the dinner.  Follow the instructions from your waiter/waitress on how to signal for more portions.  You can ask for rare or whatever temperature meat you prefer.  The meats vary and range from beef to pork to lamb.  

I have always had great meals here - you get your money worth if you hold out for the special cuts of meat.  Set aside a bit of time for the whole experience.  Service has always been outstanding here - will definitely be back :-)笑
This place is definitely overrated. Booked a table during restaurant week. It is very crowded, but service is still great. However, the meat were way below my expectation. They were so salty. I think that night, my diet consisted 50% meat and 50% salt. Won't be going back anytime soon.笑
Wow this place is great! We came here during restaurant week and got the three course special; its was simply delicious! The meat service was spot on and the salad buffet also did not disappoint.  

The wait staff was very professional and operated in an efficient manner. Both my plate and drink glass were kept full during the entire meal. 

My favorite out of the meat selection was defiantly the flank steak!笑
I love this place! Went with my wife and a few friends of ours. Service was good, the food was great, can't wait to go back. My only regret is that I wasn't really that hungry to begin with. I'll save some extra space in my stomach for indulging next time!笑
Hang on kiddies this is gonna be a long one. Chima is an okay place to eat if you have a good appetite. The reception area is very nicely decorated. However service was very lacking. I guess it was my mistake to go here on restaurant week when everything is fully booked and expect good service.

To clarify I did not actually participate in the restaurant week special, though the experience left me wishing I had because none of the gauchos actually check your token to see if you bought the full experience or not. A nice surprise for half of my table as they got a great deal. Though those who paid full price can't help but ask why did they bother?

Our waiter greeted us nicely, took drink orders in quite a timely manner and explained the ins and outs of the concept. Quite a nice guy though obviously in a rush as they were understandably packed. Left to our own devices we wandered over to the nicely appointed salad bar.

All of the items on the salad bar were nicely stocked despite the crowd and my selections made me quite happy. The corn flan was quite the standout for me with it's luscious and creamy texture with the slight sweetness of the corn. Though probably not a good start to a already heavy meal but still my favorite. This would work great as a dessert with a berry coulis or something.

Onto the main entrees. The little appetizers they brought out were quite delicious though I find it hard to recall any of them except the fried plantains. Meats were quite varied and for the most part nicely cooked. Fish on the other hand was mostly overcooked for me and quite tasteless compared to the well seasoned meats. What's up with that?

Moving towards dessert which is an extra charge onto the meal. They were reasonably priced and all were satisfactory. The cheesecake was quite a standout with a soft creamy finish and not too sweet or grainy at all. Though a lot of us couldn't take more than a few bites of our dessert and I wish they would have offered a togo container or something instead of just taking it away after a while. Such a waste of food and maybe we could have finished them in the time it took while waiting for our checks. Which brings me to my first paragraph's  criticism!

The service was super slow. One of our group joked while waiting for the check that we spent most of the meal waiting. This might have not been a joke now that I think about it. Chima's pretty good if you want to get a large variety of meats in one trip, but I think I'd rather go to a regular steakhouse in the future.笑
The Chima Brazilian Steakhouse is a great concept, but falls a little short where it most counts. In this review I will cover service, appearance, food variety and flavor of meat selection.

Service:  From the time I came in I was was pleasantly greeted by the hostess, who went on to confirm my 8:45 reservation. While waiting to be seated, I listened and watched how others were notified by staff members that their table was ready. I really had to watch and listen for my name to be called because the young ladies making the notifications were speaking in extremely low volume levels. With all the chatter and conversations in the waiting area, it was near impossible to hear names being called. I was finally seated at 9:20. Yes, even with a reservation, I waited 35 min. to be seated. Not good at all.

Appearance:  I felt it was well decorated, clean and inviting. It was obvious there was a definitive plan and process in creating this split-level establishment. I did feel the decor was a bit linear. Everything seemed to completely vertical or horizontal. There were not many curves or other shapes to offset the over powering lines. The center "salad bar" like most, didn't look cheesy at all. As most have seen or experienced, salad bars tend to look trough-like with diners appearing to be grazing cattle.

Food Variety:  The variety of choices were more than sufficient. From the salad bar, to the included appetizers, to the reason why anyone would come here.....the meat! If you find it difficult to find something you like with all these choices, you're not hungry. Excluding the meats (I will detail in the next section), everything was well prepared and displayed.

Flavor:  Okay, here we go. With the exception of the chicken, sausage and fish varieties, ALL, and I mean ALL of the beef products tasted exactly the same. Whether filet mignon, prime rib, ribeye, flank or top sirloin, it tasted the same. Surely at $75, my taste buds should have been basking in meat heaven, eagerly anticipating the next skewered walk-through selection. This is the reason I could not give this rating a 4 out of 5 stars. All the beef selections tasted as if they were marinated and/or seasoned with the same ingredients. Maybe they put the meats in the same mixing bowl to marinate, seasoned it, and cooked them one on top of the other. Surfice it to say, this was a huge let down. After all, "show me the beef" is the selling point of Chima. I would have to add, once I cut away and ate the outer section, the lamb chops began tasting like lamb chops, and not like its menued elder family members. 

Conclusion:  Not a bad experience for anyone, but if you lower your expections slightly, you can probably find a comfortable mid zone to not feel too disappointed.笑
If you are in the mood for meat.... this is where you want to go. My hubby and I love going here however it's definitely not somewhere you can go often. The salad buffet is very extensive and has a something for every taste bud. You will leave VERY full so get ready to go into a food coma when you leave! The servers are very nice and the ambiance is lovely as well. They also offer seafood which I have never had there but I have never left Chima's disappointed.笑
This place is amazing if you're a meat lover. I personally love the experience here even though I couldn't eat that much meat. The salad bar was great with so many different selections. I've never tried the chimichurri until I came here and let's just say it's delicious and a great dipping sauce for the meats!笑
like the other brazialian steakhouse I have been to, the quality was pretty good.
pao de quejo!笑
Large restaurant with lots of food options from the buffet. The sirloin special is delicious as well as the roast chicken. Make sure you don't fill up on too much bread etc and save room for the meat! The drinks are rather strong and well priced. The bar upstairs is quiet and ample seating.笑
Booked to celebrate a graduation.  The ambience was average at best.  Originally was seated next to the busy salad bar...very annoying and was moved to a corner location. Unknowingly, we were seated next to the glass elevator which over time became very annoying as well.  I've been to several Brazilian steakhouses, including one in Brazil, and this one is the worst.  The meats were fair to average quality and in a lot of cases overcooked.  I've never had a dried out filet mignon and the sausage was equally dried out.  Given the exorbitant prices, I would have expected much better quality food and a better layout...never have tables so close to a crowded salad bar. Very disappointed and I will not return nor recommend to any of my friends.笑
Chima is an excellent place to go for a night of protein gluttony. This is a classic churrascaria where gauchos walk around with various meats. They offer various cuts of beef, pork, chicken, and even fish. They also have an extensive salad bar with antipasti and such. I really enjoyed the prosciutto and cantaloupe as well as the fresh mozzarella with tomatoes. 

As with most Brazilian steakhouses, this place is pricey but it's worth it as a treat every now and then. It's located in the heart of Charlotte so it's easier to use their valet service for your vehicle. The service is excellent all around here so if you have a special occasion to celebrate with a meat lover, this is the place to be.笑
Oh Chima...how I enjoy thee, but my belt and scale do not. All you can eat steak, park, fish, salad, vegetables, dressing, soup, bread, croutons, salt and even pepper. All this for around $50/person. Chima has a great vibe and a nice upstairs area. Lucky for me the wife never eats her $50 worth so we hardly have a reason to go, though on the recent trip she took me there for my birthday...yum. 

While all the meats were nice, my only issues were that some of the popular choices (filet, etc) were out every time I wanted some, and some of the same gaucho's brought the things I didn't want...not their fault. For my money, I'd rather have a regular steak dinner at one of the great steakhouses in town. That said; the concept is fun and should be tried once by all meat eaters. Even if your a vegetarian that can stand meat everywhere, the salad bar is a great meal in itself...it truly needs to be seen to be believed.笑
Good chain, attentive servers and you don't feel overwhelmed. The filet was excellent, not the bacon wrapped filet just the regular. Definitely pair it with the mash potatoes. Great atmosphere and setting, slightly disappointed with some of the meat temperatures, we had to request meat not to be cooked well done which is unlike a Brazilian steakhouse, normally I find their meat to be towards the medium rare side but last night at our visit to Chimas the steaks were cooked well done and it made the meat tough. After getting fresh skewers the meat was nice and tender. Dessert was below average, the lava cake had no lava filling it was just a dry chocolate soufflé unfortunately. All together it was a fun experience and would definitely go back.笑
This place is simply amazing!!  Above all the service is absolutely above grade and you are made to feel very welcome and valued.  Everyone from the Hostesses to the Wait Staff to the Servers treated us like VIPs.  The hidden gem is the awesome bar/lounge on the 2nd floor which is worth visiting while you wait on your table.  Take my word for it, visit Chima while in Uptown Charlotte!笑
This was my first experience at at Brazillian Steakhouse. So let me paint this depiction for you:

The lighting of the restaurant was just a little too dark for me. I understand that they were setting the mood and ambiance, but I generally don't enjoy eating in the dark. 

The salad bar had choices that were a hit with me. The grilled artichokes warmed my heart in a way that no other cardoon can. I also tried the spinach with yellow peppers, which I was equally elated to try. I am a lover of cheeses but I was disappointed in the cheese variety that they offered. I thought that the lettuce leaves were a little to big for me to bite into and enjoy as a salad. 

I didn't know that the meat would be served my way in a smorgasbord. Young people walking around with skewered lamb, assortments of steak, chicken, and fish. They approached me and asked "Ribeye, ma'am?" I eagerly nodded my head, grabbed the small tongues, and proceeded to grab my fatty filet. That steak was amazing which made me want more of the meats! I indulged in the salmon, lamb, and chicken. The chicken was absolutely dry! Maybe I waited too late to enjoy the chicken. Who knows? 

During my dining, I enjoyed a few cocktails. I was disappointed that the Merlot selection was null. Blackstone is my favorite and they didn't carry it. I was happy to hear the cognac selection. Louis XIII is on the menu!

The cheesecake could have possibly been delectable, but the alcohol tainted my taste buds. I couldn't enjoy the dessert  since I had been drinking 

I would go to Chima again...principally for those grilled artichokes!笑
I've been here twice. The first time was during restaurant week and I had a great time with friends. The service was good, they kept coming around with the different meats until we were done. 

The second time I came here with a large group to celebrate various things such as a promotion, a new job, a friend moving to the city. 

At first we had great service, the meat men practically were attacking us asking what we wanted. Because there were so many of us and we did not want the same types of meat we were there for a while and even requested specific meat to be brought to us. It never came and we gave up. In still waiting on that bacon wrapped mignon..笑
Went here for my birthday last night and it was fabulous. Since this was my first time at Chima, I was slightly confused about the buffet concept with meat being brought to the table. 

The food itself was delicious, but I wish I would have saved more room to eat meat (especially the steak - pure heaven and cooked to my liking!). This kind of set up isn't the best for me because I eat small, frequent meals - so definitely not worth the money. However, my boyfriend kept going back and loved it! I would say bring a big appetite. 

Staff was as friendly and attentive as they come and made sure to do everything to make it a special birthday... (Including following instructions my boyfriend gave them about writing on my dessert :p)笑
Beautiful ambiance, if a bit on the noisy side- though anyone who's been to a Brazillian steakhouse before knows this is the norm for this type of eatery. There's lots going on, and a certain art involved to pacing your intake and maximizing your eating capacity!

Firstly, the salad bar- a lovely array of greens, cheeses and antipasto. The chicken potato salad is my favorite here, and their black beans and rice are fabulous as well. If you've come for the full meal though, try not to get too engrossed in the salad bar- I made that mistake my first trip, and filled up before I could try all the meats!

Next, the side dishes. A variety is brought to your table, including tiny cheese biscuits (so good!), the creamiest mashed potatoes you can imagine (chock full of heavy cream and cheese- extremely rich, but to die for in small quantities), tiny beef croquettes (also delicious), fried polenta sticks, fried bananas and some sort of creamed turkey spread (which I've forgotten the name of). All are worth sampling and they'll bring you more if you finish one, but as with the salad bar- don't fill up on them! I recommend sampling everything in small quanitities for the full experience, but avoid filling up on the breads (despite how tempting they are!) and heavy offerings like the polenta sticks.

Finally, the whole reason you're at a Brazillian steakhouse in the first place- a non-stop parade of meat! Simply turn over your "stop/go" token and you'll be in the action. Courteous servers stop by your table one at a time, offering a variety of meats and cuts- numerous types of beef, lamb, chicken, pork ribs, swordfish, salmon and sausages are at your beck and call. Just tell the server how well you like your meat done, and he'll skillfully select and slice a portion for you. My personal favorites are the top sirloin and baby top sirloin with garlic sauce- sheer perfection! I recommend grabbing 3 or 4 varieties of meat each "round" and turning your token back to Stop so you can clear your plate and savor each variety before moving on to the next.

On the whole, a wonderful experience and a great destination if you're looking to celebrate a special occasion with your significant other or a small group of friends. Come hungry and you won't leave disappointed!笑
************************************************************************** 
WARNING 

This is a test of the vegetarian emergency broadcast system. Vegetarians need not come here. You will be surrounded by ravenous carnivores eating meat, meat with extra meat on the side. 

This has been a test, and you have been warned 

************************************************************************** 

Chima Brazilian Steakhouse is Charlotte's newest brazialian-style buffet restaurant and certainly delivers. If you aren't familiar with this style of eating let me school you. You sit down and then immediately get up to visit a grand salad bar full of various salads, smoked salmon, sliced turkey, shrimp, asparagus, cheeses, salami, rice and beans among other items. 

You come back to your table and then wait for gauchos to stop by your table to slice off a piece of various meats such as filet mignon, sirloin, sausage, bacon-wrapped chicken, ribs and lamb chops. If you want the meats to keep coming then you make sure your card is flipped to the orange side. When you want to take a break, flip your card to the black side. 

Repeat. 

This is truly one of my favorite Brazilian restaurants because the salad bar has so many options and the meats are so full of flavor. The decor is also wonderful and I love how the place features an upstairs bar and lounge area where you can wait until your table is ready. 

The only downside is that it gets a little crowded when you do sit down and it can be difficult to navigate safely from your table to the salad bar without running into a gaucho carrying the meats that come on swords. 

Other than that, the atmosphere and service was fantastic. Chima is kind of like a Fogo de Chao but not quite as good. Dinner will cost you about $40 but if you register at www.chima.cc you can get a $25 gift certificate that can be used Sunday - Thursday. 

Happy eating!笑
D-E-LICIOUS!!!!

Did I eat my money's worth? UH NO. 

Was it worth it though? YES.

I went here for restaurant week and even with the $30 per person, I don't think I ate $30 worth of food. I think walking in and seeing the salad bar already made me half full. The salad bar has everything from deli meat to soup to calamari salad. It was all super good, but you must pace yourself with that salad bar! 

The meats come on rotisserie sticks (?) Not sure if that's what you call them, but you have this circular card and one side says "yes please" and the other says "no thank you" If you have it on the "no thank you" side, the servers will not come to you and assume you are full or not ready to eat again. This was something I realized when my friends were getting food and I wasn't! After a few rounds of meat, I realized my card was on the "no thank you" side. Note: turn it to YES, PLEASE or else you will be walking out definitely not getting your money's worth!

My favorites were the bacon-wrapped sirloin and chicken! I also loved the Salmon with the pesto sauce. It was cooked to perfection. I was the most excited to try the leg of lamb, but honestly it wasn't that great. I think it lacked some flavor. One other thing I wanted to point out is how much I love their cheesy bread!!! It's delicious, but I think eating 4 of them left me bloated afterwards. 

Definitely a fun place for a group of friends to dine out! Make sure you have a light lunch or skip it altogether! This buffet style dinner will give you the BIGGEST FOOD COMA after and leave you satisfied, but uncomfortably full. Pace Yourself!笑
Had the pleasure of dining here to celebrate a friend's birthday and was not disappointed. The only thing that matters for me when I go to a rodizio are the quality of the meat and the frequency of service. Chima hit high marks on both standards. The top sirloin was delectable and the garlic baby sirloin was juicy, tender and full of flavor. For those of you who cut off the fat, shame on you.  

I usually force myself to have at least half a plate of whatever's on the salad bar, but didn't try any of Chima's salad bar wares, save for some cantaloupe for dessert -- which was fresh and sweet.

Overall, had a top dining experience at Chima.笑
I've been to Chima's about 10 times now and I always love it! They bring amazing mashed potatoes, fried plantains, yukka fries, beef croquets, mini cheddar biscuits and turkey spread to start with to every table. The salad bar is amazing. If you like blue cheese, get the Gorgonzola mousse and let it melt over a bite of filet or ribeye. YUM! I also enjoy the Gouda, Parmesan and fresh mozzarella cheese from the bar and be sure to get some chimichuri sauce and try it on the flank steak. The vegetable soup is really good and worth a try but save room for the MEAT! When you sit down, turn your "coin" to orange right away. I usually have an extra plate just for meat as I like to keep it separate from my bar items. The first few times I went I tried everything. Now I pass on the chicken and pork and get all the steaks and sausage. If you want a certain meat, just ask for it and they will send it right over! I'm not a big fan of fish, but my friends said the salmon and swordfish were good. If you have room for dessert, the tirimusu is really good. Be sure to tell them if you are celebrating anything, they gave us dessert on the house since it was out anniversary. I give it 4 stars because the service can be too slow or too fast depending on how busy they are. The food is worth it!!笑
I went during restaurant week last year and got a great deal on the food. The meat and choices were amazing!! I definitely suggest trying this place out. 

The bar upstairs is really nice as well.笑
lets be real as a guy you really can not go wrong with all you can eat meat. there are a couple other rodizios around but nothing compares to chimas. their prices are also very close to the other locations as well. the only thing i can say is your not going to get your moneys worth if your a small eater. i think they are better then the next rodizio because they typically dont go around trying to first stuff you on the cheaper meats like sausage etc. they come around immediately with their finer cuts of meat. also if you want more of one or if they are not coming around enough the waiters make sure you are taken care of. their salad bar is really good with a lot of choices. not that anyone cares as it is so good but it certainly is not typical brazilian side dishes. my step mom is brazillian so its easy to point out they have americanized that. but the meats are cooked exactly how brazilians cook it. also try the cheese bread balls they are good and something different. they are very popular with brazilians and an interesting thing to try.笑
The filet was delicious! Best service from a Brazilian eatery in quite a while. 3rd time I've eaten here...the service and food continues to improve.笑
Fantastic as usual!  Outstanding service and food.  We have never had a bad experience here !  Total meat coma笑
My hubby chose Chima to celebrate his 50th birthday. The bonus was having his brother & family dine with us. We have dined at a few Brazilian style restaurants; so we knew what to expect. 

Chima was the best Brazilian style restaurant where we've dined. The service was fantastic. Our server made sure our needs were met. If we desired a specific meat selection he found the carver and sent them over. My mojito was perfect. And he food meat and buffet all good selections. 

My hubby and his brother were given tiramisu to take home because nothing else would fit. The best cut of meat was the beef ribs. Tender juicy succulent perfectly cooked meat. And bonus complimentary valet!!!

Thanks for making this a very special day!!!笑
I absolutely love this place.  I have a special place in my heart for all you can eat meat.  They many different cuts of meat from different animals.  I have no problem going in and eating my portion of the bill.  My wife, on the other hand, has not mastered the skill of the jedi to eat that much.  The salad bar is really good as well but I make sure not fill up on that stuff.  One of my favorite sides they have are the fried plantains.  They are a good combo with meat for my taste.  You will definitely get thirst though since they season their meats very heavily but I am sure that is done to get you to order drinks.  No problem with me since I know how the game is played!笑
I will preface this review by saying I went to Chima for Charlotte Restaurant Week. I would like to give it another try, with the full menu, not during a discounted, busy time.
If you love meat (and I do!) Chima is the place to go. Because of restaurant week, we did not get to try everything the restaurant normally serves. I would avoid the seafood and stick to the land meats. Both the swordfish and the salmon were a little dry for my tastes.
Chima's specialty, the top sirloin, however, was to die for. We kept asking for that and the flank steak to come back by the table. By far the best meats they served. Both had a full flavor and were very tender and juicy. The chicken was also excellent - fell right apart. Almost like a rotisserie. Filet mignon is usually my favorite cut of beef, but here it was too salty and a little too done.
I was somewhat disappointed in the salad bar. There is tremendous selection - fruits, vegetables, seafood salads, rice & beans and soup. But, I was comparing it to other Brazilian steakhouses I've been to, ie. Texas de Brazil. In comparison, there is not as much variety and the quality lacks slightly. In any case, if you're there to really put away some meat, you'll probably want to avoid the salad bar anyway.
They give you mashed potatoes and fried bananas on the side. The mashed potatoes were creamy and rich. I loved them. My husband thought they were too runny.
Our server was very friendly and knowledgable. But I did feel that service was a little slow. We spent a lot of time waiting for someone to come by with more meat. Again, I think this may have had something to do with Restaurant Week, and I do intend to give Chima another try.笑
Too trendy for my taste. 

Very hipster. Like every dude in tight jeans got the memo to take ladies in small skirts to this place on dates. Just not my vibe at all. 

We went late on a weeknight and were one of the last tables there. The manager came over when we had about 1/2 hr left dining to ask if we were done with salad bar so they could tear it down. Not a huge deal but our bill was $500.00. 

Leave the freaking salad bar open a minute and don't disturb us. 

The service was good. 
If you like meat- the meat is never ending. 
Wasn't impressed with cocktail menu or wine menu. 
Had one mojito and it wasn't impressive.

Here's the elevator version: if you are 30ish and like meat for about $75/person, go here.笑
I've been to a few great brazilian steakhouses. Chima was the most expensive I've ever been to ($50 for dinner). Simply put, it's just not worth it. Compared to other steakhouses, it is definitely not the best. The meats could have been better seasoned. My favorite part about this type of steakhouse is the delicious cheese-filled bread, and here it wasn't fresh and wasn't warm, so I was very disapppointed. The salad bar is nothing special, not that I'm going for that anyway so let's move on to the meats. The lambchops were exquisite. That being said, every other single cut of meat was underwhelming. It was juicy, but not very well seasoned. And it took forever for them to bring out the specific cuts of meat requested. I was glad I got the $20 coupon for signing up on their website, but even with that it just wasn't worth the money. I will not be going back.笑
HOLY MEAT-GASM!

I have been stationed in front of Chima restaurant (as the resident uptown Hot Dog Dude) since it was being built.  As it is a bit on the hefty side, price wise, I haven't had the opportunity to eat there til now. BIG MISTAKE!

On the pro side:

Awesome atmosphere, super attentive staff, wonderfully appointed surroundings, complimentary valet parking, insanely good food.  

Cons: Beer was a bit expensive (but they had to make up the cost of all the food I ate SOMEWHERE!)

My wife , myself and another couple took advantage of restaurant week and went to this Festival of Meat for the first time.  I am almost without words in consideration to the service, food quality and overall experience.  Though everything was not perfect (food-wise) MOST was. 

It's a splurge restaurant for us normal folks but it is worth the babysitting money and the time we waited for a table for sure. 

Get there, get some and get a nap!

Vic OUT!笑
Superb experience!!! Great buffet, exceptional meat and friendly service..... Will definitely be back soon :-)笑
I reserved the bar area for a group of 25 on a Thursday night from 7-9 PM. The staff was incredibly helpful. The appetizers were delicious, especially the salmon endive dish. Terrific service, upscale feel, and beautiful environment overall. I would definitely recommend Chima as a place for after-work drinks or a venue to host an event.笑
Top notch food and service! This place is fine dining at its best! Save room for the swordfish.笑
A friend and I went to Chima Brazilian Steakhouse during restaurant week. We scored a reservation through yelp, yea! We were seated upstairs, which was more preferable than the main seating area facing the entrance to the restaurant. I was not a fan of the main seating, but the upper section was great and the two person tables were a nice size. We decided to go with the higher option which was equivalent to the regular menu items. There was a savings of $5, so it was still a deal. The restaurant offers a wide selection of meat to choose from and all of it was very tasty and flavorful.  Also, the steak options ranged from rare to well done. They even had fish on the menu, which was a nice option. Disclaimer, did not try any of the pork options so I have no idea whether they were good. I did see several people with ribs and sausage on their plates so it must have been worth tasting. There was a wide verity of soups, rice, vegetables, and salads on the salad bar. We did not have desert, but the desert options were very small and nothing really stood out. Chima's is a very good option when you want to try different types of meat in one meal. I would visit the restaurant again!笑
Overall it met my expectations as a Brazilian steak house but overall was just ok. We went for restaurant week and upgraded to the higher level. The salad bar was ok, I expected more salad and not premixed type of salads. The little cheese biscuits were good. The service was great here I will give them that. The meat was ok, out of all the options only a few were cooked great. The filet, garlic ribeye and the lamb. The rest I tried but didn't finish. I do wish there were other sides that could be ordered beyond what they provide.

I'm not sure if we will return.笑
I went here during Charlotte Restuarant week.  All my friends were telling this is one of the best places to go considering the amount and variety of food you get.  I thought it was just average.  I got the upgraded menu that had the premium cuts from the standard Rest Week menu and was just so-so.  I wouldn't pay the extra to do it again.  It seems to take forever to get the quality meats to get to your table.  Granted the place was slammed packed, so not sure if it was an issue with the cycle of how they come to the tables.  However, the waiter towards the end of our meal asked if there wasn't anything we haven't gotten and would gladly send them our way.  As far as the quality of food, just average.  I've been to other Brazilian places and this one doesn't come close to being at the top.  I'd be curious to come back on a normal day to see if the quality is any different.  This place had enough potential for me to give it another shot though.

Here are the highlights of our meal:  The salad bar was phenomenal.  I don't think any salad bar can touch this one, but are you there for the salad?  The drink menu and bar area had a great variety and was very good.  The service is outstanding.  Very nice and attentive waitstaff.  The complimentary valet parking at the corner of 4th/Tryon (4th street side) was very convenient and quick.笑
Took a newby to Brazillian steak houses this past week. Picked Chimas from Yelp reviews. Worked out well. Great salad bar and the coming of the meats was amazing. It was a laugh watching my buddy fill his plate and eyes with all the tempting cuts. Why not a five star?  Felt rushed by the staff. Tables were open everywhere. Absolutely no reason for that behavior. At the end of a meal where I pay three bucks for a cup of coffee I expect to be offered a refill instead of hurrying me through the bill.笑
Pricey, but totally worth it. For $50 you will have the best meal of your life. If I died and ended up in heaven, heaven would be Chimas.笑
Best Brazilian Steakhouse I have ever been too.  Food was amazing!  Salad bar is fresh and has ton of options.  All meats were excellent.  The Filet Migon was probably the best I have ever tasted!  Will definitely go back when in Charlotte again!笑
I love this place, food and service outstanding. Everyone treats you very well . My husband had leg problem and they went out of there way to make him comfortable. A+笑
I am not a big meat eater, but I absolutely love Chima!  I'll even eat rare meat here, it's that good!  For $40, you get a lot.  

It starts with a high-end salad bar (my favorites include the hearts of palm, artichokes, shrimp, calamari, and beef carpaccio). You also get an endless supply of meat (my favorites are the bacon-wrapped filet, boneless chicken, lamb chops, and the sausage). On top of that, they keep your table full with several really delicious sides (creamy mashed potatoes, Brazilian fried meatballs, fried polenta strips, Parmesan bread, fried bananas, and a turkey spread). The bread was my favorite - it almost tasted like a mini popover!  But everything else was really good as well, and we tried them all. The drinks were good, too, although a bit pricey - most of the martinis run $9.50 a pop.  

Service is the absolute best -- extremely efficient, very friendly, and helpful.  At one point, I was trying to get the attention of the gentleman carrying the ribs, and when another waitress saw me trying to get his attention, she quickly ran after him and asked him to visit our table. What great service!  

At the end of the meal, rather than having a drink, my husband and his friend tried the Brazilian mate tea (pronounced mah-tey), and that was an experience!  If you like strong tea (and don't mind it being slightly bitter), I highly recommend you give mate a try at Chima!  They serve the tea loose on top of a huge mug, and you slowly add hot water and let the tea steep inside the mug before taking a sip with the special straw.  

I'll end this by saying that Chima is one of our top favorites in Charlotte and if you have not been, I highly recommend that you give them a try!笑
Diabetic foodie delight!  So much meat, so few carbs and everything was prepared to perfection.笑
Good service - great meat selection. The lamb was cooked to perfection. It is worth the time and $$ to go.笑
The food was as good-looking as the men serving the meat. "Whaddya mean you don't eat no meat!" There were plenty of options for vegetarians, pescatarians, etc. I usually don't dig open bar type food - but everything was wonderfully displayed, delicious, the meats were seasoned extremely well, the food was replaced often and the atmosphere was lighthearted and lively.笑
Not for the meat connoisseur.  A bit on the greasy side and in my opinion 2nd and 3rd rate cuts.   Fun atmosphere though and the waiters had really cool pantilones.笑
This place was great!  I went during Charlotte Restaurant week.  The food was excellent!  
I'm not a salad person,  but there is black beans and rice on the salad bar that is really good.  The meat is tender and melts in your mouth.笑
Not the best Brazilian steakhouse. Small salad bar and the premium cuts of meat only came around every 30 minutes or so. If you like all you can eat cheap sirloin then it might not be so bad but compared to other brazing steakhouses, this just wasn't for me.笑
Mediocre meat quality, overpriced, service was slow and salad bar was blah.  Overall don't recommend and won't return笑
I enjoyed a lot of things about this restaurant. I've eaten at another Brazilian place (Rodizio in Nashville) since Chima but Chima just does it for me. 

We received excellent service, a very well stocked salad bar, delicious cuts of meat exactly how we wanted them, and ultimately, we were entirely too full for dessert (that's our fault!). I don't like bacon but the filet mignon wrapped in bacon made a liar out of me! The wine selection is worthy of your money and the valet was just right. 

I'm probably going to eat there again in a few weeks when I return home.笑
This review is strictly for the happy hour at Chima.

I love meat.  That's all there is to it.  And I don't eat meat very often at all, so when I go out, I like to order it to my heart's content and that's why we stopped by Chima for happy hour on a Friday (plus points).  I believe it lasts from 5-8PM, but i'm not quite sure, so don't quote me on that.

The happy hour is only at the bar which is located up the stairs from the hostess table.

But not everything on the menu is apart of the happy hour, so look for the *** that shows which are not.

My two friends and I ordered drinks, regular priced because they did not have many drink specials.  (minus points, but I know that it is partially due to Charlotte's insanely stupid happy hour laws, who even has time to legislate happy hour laws!?!?)  anywho, we ordered 3 drinks, I got something with mango or strawberry and I did not even finish it, it was too sweet and not very good.  The others seemed to think their drinks were okay, one got a martini and the other ordered the latin mixed drink that starts with a C, I cannot recall the name.

The food, we ordered carpaccio, which i really enjoyed, and some skewers.  One of them was filet with bacon, not that great and the other, which I cannot remember was not great either.

So three drinks and three apps came out to $60.

Not the best happy hour i've been to.  Bad drinks, mediocre food and slow service, try your time somewhere else.笑
Awesome food. Non-stop and delicious. Great service too. Manager even made the rounds to introduce himself, check on expectations, etc. We'll be back.笑
Dinner was just okay. I was expecting a lot more variety and more abundance but I think I had a just three cuts of meat the best one being the top sirloin. My dinner consisted mainly of salad bar items which were good but I left wanting more meat. However I will say the upstairs bar is good. They have daily happy hour specials- don't miss Wednesday night mojitos. These were yummy and only $6. They also offer half off all appetizers before 7 (except lamb chops). Smoked salmon was very good and they serve these tasty little popovers.笑
This the single most unique dining experience I've ever had the pleasure to indulge. Absolutely divine.笑
Found this place by looking at Yelp for consistently high reviews, and I was not disappointed.  I believe the only way someone could give Chima less than 5 stars would be if the person doesn't like steak.

Our server, Logan, was great.  Everyone treated us like royalty.  It was impossible to go for more than 30 seconds without something you wanted.  I wish I could go there again tonight.笑
Come hungry to get your money's worth.  The food is great but it is easy to fill up on the salad bar, save room so you can experience all the great meat.  The best is by far their specialty top sirloin.笑
Yummy!! This was my first time visiting a Brazilian Steakhouse and it was way cool and oh so much food.  My date and I arrived a little late, but that didn't seem to matter.  Great service, wonderful wine.  I would return for sure.笑
I was really built up for this place and excited to give it a try.  I was let down by the salad bar.  It had a lot of strange things on it that didn't taste the best.  I understand it's supposed to be different, but they were just kind of gross. Yuck! The meats were pretty good, the service and mojitos were exceptional though.  Maybe I went on an off night? I might try again.笑
It was a never ending parade of meat! A parade which I never wanted to end..... 

I went here last night for a wedding reception. They have a few separate dining areas on the second floor if you have an event you want to hold there and it was intimate yet enough room to walk around and air your meat sweats. 

The salad bar was ok....I was expecting more variety but the artichoke salad and creamy veggie soup made up for that. Before the meat came out, they set out polenta fries and creamy mashed potatoes then game on---flip that card to yes please and bring out the meat!! The meat men (seriously, what is their title) come out decked in kerchiefs ala Don Knotts on Three's Company armed with a stick of meat. At one point I just stopped asking what it was and just said sure. The bacon wrapped sirloin was my by far my favorite because bacon wrapped items are proof that god loves us and the bbq ribs was my second favorite. I hear a rumor that there was pesto crusted lamb but by that point I never wanted to look at another piece of meat ever again and I also wanted to write an apology note to my colon.  

The service was impeccable, drinks were flowing (I had their signature drink which was like a mojito but without the mint) and atmosphere was chic. The view from the second floor bar was beautiful plus when you leave they had a huge bowl of individually wrapped mints-like the expensive ones.  I can't wait to get my meat on again!笑
Came here on a Friday night right at 10pm...their latest seating time.

Service was pretty good, but that's to be expected at that time of night when there's only 2 other couples in the entire restaurant.

The restaurant was very nice, and I really enjoyed the ambiance. It was fairly romantic, but I can't say I'd bring a date here cause I love meat and would have a hard time holding back.

They start you with a few appetizers:
--Pao de Quijo - Bread balls with cheese baked in. Great
--Smoked turkey spread - Just as it sounds. Very good though I wish they had given us another type of bread to spread it on.
--A croquet of some sort - also good

The meat started coming out immediately. Since we were really the only ones eating, we essentially had the entire meat serving staff to ourselves and they kept it coming.

All of the meat is pretty good, but I'd say not the highest quality. But I wasn't expecting that. I would have gone to a steakhouse for the best steaks. This is more about the different types of meat you can try. And don't get me wrong...everything is absolutely delicious. The ribeye was my favorite. I didn't try the chicken or fish, but my girlfriend said they were good.

We had a few more sides come out with the meat such as fried bananas, which were good, and mashed potatoes. I didn't concern myself too much with these.  Same for the salad bar.  It was all about the meat 

For the price, I think it's totally worth it.笑
Chima is much better OUTSIDE of restaurant week. 

$35 option is the full rodizio, salad bar which isn't as full with a variety of offerings like standard days. 

$54.95 option includes above plus dessert and a few extra cuts of neat including lamb chops. 


If you've never been then your first dining experience is best served during restaurant week. Afterwards go anytime and you'll be impressed. 

Kudos for holding our reservation for 15 minutes over. I believe 10 minutes is usually the max but I called while en route. 

Dined upstairs with a view of the realty office and I'm fine with that. 

The gauchos that were attentive and thoughtful enough recalled medium well red meat. 

Dined at 2:33p and it was a full house. Should have went for 4pm as it cleared out pretty decent.

The vegetable soup was more of a roux carrot base. Similar to baby food in a jar.

Our server assistants were nice but I noticed one "fake" fold a napkin to stare down a diner to see how much he'd tip. 

My server, Renzo, never brought out lemons for the water. 

Upon entry the seat was dirty. Idk how since they had only been opened 30 minutes -  cleaned it ourselves. White crumbs on a black seat... they stand out folks. 

The attendant that clears the dishes was adamant about taking all things. No worries take the dishes. But seconds later she, Joheny, returned to ask if I was finished with the bill & I was so I replied in a knee jerk automatic, yes. She proceeded to lift my purse off the check holder - this caught me off guard -  and took the check book. 

I don't know if tips are not being shared equally in this place. Or if someone has hurt their trust but apparently tipping/tips and the sorts is of urgent importance that service goes out the door along with manners. 

If it hadn't caught me off guard I would have addressed it. Instead, it sealed the day to teach me never again will I dine here during restaurant week. 

I genuinely hope no one has taught them these habits. 

My only other visit was wonderful and full price. Lesson learned: always opt for the full price day to get the full effect.笑
Hooray for Restaurant Week!  I remember seeing this place go under construction and then opening up when my office used to be right across the street from it in the Shaw building.   Finally got to check it out on a busy Friday night.

Ended up parking at 7th street station even though there was complimentary valet.  I guess I'm not totally comfortable... slightly embarrassed that my car isn't the price of a moderate size house... I also have some control issues (insert montage of Ferris Bueller's Day off here).  But we grabbed some pre-dinner drinks at the Q... which involved some, well, a lot of Jamesons.

We made it to Chima for our 7pm reservations.  My friend's new girlfriend made the reservation (I had not met her yet) so when we went up to the table, I didn't know her last night.  Lucky for us, the girls at the front were really nice, and they probably saw the Jamesons in our eyes.  We got checked in.... but it seems like they have a good system for handling a Friday night crowd.  Our table went from 7 to 4... so they promptly seated us at another table so we weren't at a gigantic table for less people.

Brazilian Steakhouse eating requires lots of training!  j/k... Just come hungry!  and the buffet and endless meats come right to you.  I was impressed by the buffet/salad bar... lots of premade pasta salads but lots of other goodies as well.  Soup! was available, but everything was pretty good, but pace yourself.

They had 2 different meat menus to choose from we just went with the basic and it was plenty enough variety.... no bacon wrapped stuff, but I think I can live without bacon for one night at least.  Our waitress kept the Jamesons coming and we were good and stuffed by the time it was ready to leave.  A good night of eating - my stomach appreciated it a lot.笑
Fantastic for the meat lover in the group! As most Brazilian steakhouses go, this place really knows how to impress.  As soon as you walk in you get a sense of a warm/cozy environment.  There is a huge fireplace in the main lobby with seating for parties that may have a wait.  

The food is really to die for.  I'm a meat and potatoes type guy so I feel like I've reach the mecca when I'm here.  From the parmesan crusted pork chop to the bacon wrapped filet mignon.  You can't go wrong.  Well, yeah you can go wrong.....don't fill up on the salad bar! It's tempting b/c the salad offerings are incredible but do yourself a favor and step away with a small sample.  

The wait staff was very courteous and quick to serve (with a smile of course).  My date and I were curious to see the kitchen area to get a glimpse as the inner workings and they were more than welcome to accommodate it.  Too bad we were running late to an event so we had to pass :(

This is a great place to experience even if only once.  Couple quick tips/notes is that you should plan on at least an hour to eat here with just two people.  Any more than that and you are looking at probably 1.5 hours to really enjoy it.  Remember pace yourself....the will bring more!  Another tip is that you can still use the valet if you are going to be going somewhere else afterward.  They will park your car and you can just retrieve it from a surface parking lot a few blocks away.  I've found this to be convenient.笑
I came here with friends for restaurant week, and was it an experience. If you're a meat lover, this is the place to go. Bring your appetite and friends to eat some delicious foods.

I went with several friends and upon entry (valet parking is available) I saw that it was two floors, sadly I didn't get to see upstairs, but there is supposed to be a full bar and more tables. I sat downstairs right next to the huge salad bar which had so many selections I wasn't sure if I should have ate more or less. But, to counteract the amount of meat I was going to be eating I ate a plate of salad mixed with a little of everything they offered at the bar. Which had a very decorative overhead, made of wood boards that dangled from the ceiling and lights from them.

There was so many things I ate that I didn't know the name of lets just say that the majority were good. I did however enjoy their soup, which was sort of a squash or pumpkin bisque. It was creamy and it melted in your mouth. Users could add parmesan and I believe chives on the soup which made it even more delicious. It kind of reminded me of the lobster bisque i had out in San Francisco.

Next, I ventured into the meats and the main course. I flipped my token to say "More, please" and immediately servers came rushing to my side offering things from Chicken wrapped in bacon to parmesan encrusted pork. I believe I tried everything they offered except the sausages. The waiters were very friendly, however I did feel a little rushed because of their energy of serving you and making your dining experience one of a kind. They did however make a lasting expression on me as well as the quality of the meats that were presented.

The steaks, you would just ask what kind of cut you would like and they would slice you a piece. The steak had all sorts of cuts (well done, medium, medium rare, and I didn't order rare but I'm pretty sure they could have found it). While they were cutting it, you would take the prongs they provided and take it from them and put it on your plate. Note, a bottle of wine goes a long  way with eating all these meats, preferably of course red wine. For me, we drank a bottle of pinot noir to wash down all these delicious meats.

Once I had my share fair of meats, I definitely saved a little space for a nice dessert. I ordered the Fruit Passion with Chocolate Mousse. The mousse was in a rack that was heated by a candle so the chocolate was warm. Take a little of the fruit passion and mix it in the chocolate mousse and you get a sweetness that is hard to explain. I kind of felt that the passion actually had some kind of carbonation in it, but I can't be certain.

Overall, this was a wonderful restaurant and an experience in Charlotte when others come here around the surrounding area to try something new. I highly recommend it if you like meats and a good time.笑
This is my second visit to a Brazilian style steakhouse.  (The first being Rioz in Myrtle beach)  This is not a place for vegetarians, but their salad bar is nice as well.  (Fresh mozzarella or prosciutto anyone?)  

I took my boyfriend for his birthday in early November.  The food was amazing and the service top notch.  It is a bit costly, making it a "special occasion" type restaurant, but you can lessen the blow by signing up on their website for e-mails and you will receive a $20 off coupon.笑
We have been to Chima many times and have loved it!!!! But the last year all four times, the service has not been the best, they push the chicken and pork on you and we have had to wait a long time for beef, which every time comes rare, don't ask for medium cause you will be waiting forever and fish expect to wait at least 20-30 minutes extra. Their prices have risen drastically in the last few years, with that the service and food should as well. To us, it is all lacking,any future dining from us.  Makes us a little sad.  But I guess it's time to seek out another favorite!! I'm also wondering if they use MSG?笑
We went on Monday evening at 8 pm thinking that there would be no one but it was full. We need to wait for 15 min. Salad bar is very good. Meat is very juicy especially lamb chops and lamb legs. Chicken was not that good. If you are fan of red meat chima is your place. Ambience is very good. If you want to try different and don't know what to do with that extra money chima is your place as it is expensive compared to other steak houses.笑
This was such a fabulous place to eat...especially if you're a meat eater. There is endless amounts of meat going around back and forth and back and forth. The bar for sides was always stocked and clean. I especially liked the ambience. Oh and the valet was also helpful being that it was downtown Charlotte.笑
I went here for a friend's birthday. There was a very good selection of meat. I just wish there was more side items we could choose from but the selection was pretty good. The service was excellent. Very prompt and well aware of our needs. It is pricy but worth it for a special event.笑
Maybe it comes with a wax too.

  This place was absolutely amazing, if you like protein overdose. Their lamb is out of this world. Salad bar is also off the hook, you need to prepare yourself 24 hrs in advance.笑
Chima is where you go if you want to have a great dining experience. The service was perfect, ambiance wonderful, and the meat? Melt in your mouth good. The mashed potatoes were exquisite too. It IS pricey but, then again, this isn't the outback. You get what you pay for!笑
This was my first time at Chima's and fine dining at a rodizio for that matter. I didn't even know that places like this existed. Upon entering and promptly being seated we were told that we had a grand selection of salads to choose from at the salad bar and after that let the games begin. The menu had a vast selection of meats to choose from once the salad was finished. I picked off half a plate of some salad and turned my card over to be served the precious protein. The games had began, my first choice of meat was a couple ounces of top sirlion followed by filet mignon, filet wrapped in bacon, ribeye, leg of lamb, sausage, salmon and chicken wrapped in bacon. All was so good. The servers just kept coming around and serving these meats. I tapped out and turned my card over so I won't be bombarded with more meat as I was stuffed. They had other choices of meats that was offered at the table but I was stuffed after eating so much food. Now I regret not saving enough room for the swordfish, beef ribs or parmesean pork lion. My mouth is just salivating right now thinking about it. Chima had great customer service and not anything negative to write about. I guess I will have to try this type of buffet style place more often. 

Even though I am not willing to take off any stars for it I suggest that the waiters do let customers know that there is an uncharge for spring water. I didn't care too much as I was enjoying my tasty sangria but other people did complain. Take their opinions over my own as great tasting food isn't the end all be all for all people when it comes to becoming a successful restaurant.笑
It seem to me, going to Chima once a year have become a tradition with the Eternal Crossfit boys. Yesterday was that time of the year again... a friend big dirty 30. A group of us, 12 to be exact join together to cheered on our friend. As for me, I dreaded to think I won't eat my money worth tagged along. I was in charge of making the reservation and the cake. The boys anxiously waiting to eat so much meat that they will look pregnant and get the meat sweat right before we leave.. Everything was easy. From setting up the reservation to getting seated, to giving them our grand cake presented. The wait staffs (about 4 assigned) to our table seem to be a bit overwhelmed. Seem like they are also in charged of 3 other large groups whose also there for birthday celebrations! So it took a bit longer to get our drinks, clean plates to just getting to go boxes. At times it took so long that our drinks and box orders was crossed over to 2/3 waiters! Don't get me wrong. Once they have time to be tentative to us. They were on point. I just feel like they were overwhelmed given the among of large parties and the amount of people in each parties!! 
As for the food, the meats as usual was good. Fish and seafood was harder to come by.. other than that.. The boys are very happy!笑
Having never eaten at a Brazilian steakhouse before, I decided to give it a go. Chima did not disappoint. To start, the salad bar had several choices; everything was very fresh and high quality, and I could have made a meal out of that alone. The meats (particularly the lamb chops and filet mignon) and desserts were absolutely delicious. However, the place was very busy, and at times the speed of the service lagged. Even still, Chima has become my new favorite restaurant uptown.笑
Carnivore Paradise! Well, I am handing the rare 5 stars to Chima! We went for the $30 menu for restaurant week and found ourselves impressed. From the moment we walked in the door the service was impeccable and the place ran like a beautiful well oiled machine. 

The salad bar was delicious with fresh meats and cheeses including soft mozzarella and salty prosciutto to innovative salads and sauces. The featured wine was a Cabernet/Malbec blend that complimented the meats well and was an affordable $37!

The meat- I am a carnivore so I planned ahead and ate very little all day so that I could enjoy the meats here. Some of our favorites:  the Parmesan encrusted pork tenderloin,  pork ribs, beef ribs, and sausage. The staff is attentive and as soon as you turn your circle over the meats come like magic. Tip- take your time, flip your token and enjoy.

The service, ambiance, and food all added up to the 5 star rating. We will be back...笑
Overall this place was OK. The service was excellent, other than the hostesses who didn't seem to know what was going on. The salad bar was fantastic with smoked salmon not to be missed. I don't know that the meat was worth it, as I've had better at other Brazilian steakhouses. The cooked swordfish and salmon were terrible, as were the BBQ ribs. The only meats that were directly offered without us asking were the ribeye and filet, we had to ask directly for the fish, lamb, and other meats. We never received 5-7 of the listed meats, which was never an issue at other Brazilian restaurants I've visited. The worst part, however, was that the dishes and glasses were dirty. My tongs were coated in someone else's food when we arrived at our table, and my date's glass had lipstick on it. So while the service was good, I would rather go to places with better hygiene policies and better food. Brasa in Durham is far superior. I probably wouldn't go back to Chima.笑
I have no idea what the appeal of this place is.  It's a bunch of random food scattered on a bar or randomly tossed on your plate. It breaks up any kind of conversation you might be having with whomever you're with.  And honestly, it's jut not all that good.  It's not bad, but it's not worth the cost.  Cocktails are way over-priced...I don't know what to say.  We walked out of there feeling taken advantage of and wishing we had just gone someplace where you, y'know, like just eat a meal rather than a place where you had to flag down your food like an NYC cab.  Maybe this is Brazil paying back Western Culture for what the Portuguese and Dutch did back to them in the 1600s?  I mean, I felt pretty vanquished after the whole ordeal...笑
I was not at all impressed with dinner at Chima. The best part of dinner was the salad bar. The meat was tough, way too salty, and not very well flavored. I was very disappointed, especially for the cost of dinner. I will not be back.笑
First time there, just an all around wonderful experience. Waiters and servers were as attentive as they can be in a busy and full restaurant, polite and friendly. Food was exquisite; the ribeye and roast leg of lamb were my favorites, and the ribeye and garlic sirloin were my girlfriend's favorites. The salad bar was big but not too overwhelming, had more than enough choices for my opinion, and the gorgonzola mousse that I've read other people race about in their reviews IS as good as advertised, if not better (their Caesar dressing is also wonderful as well)! The mashed potatoes were also delicious, as were the beef croquettes and the fried bananas. Because of the price, this is DEFINITELY not something that you would do on a weekly basis, more like on a monthly or special occasion basis. Well worth it, however!笑
If I'm comparing the quality of food to other high-end steakhouses in Charlotte, Chima doesn't measure up. If you're looking for quantity and to stuff yourself silly, then this is your place. 

It was $46.50 per person. The salad bar was really good, lots of nice surprises I was not expecting to find (buffalo mozzarella, giant asparagus, hearts of palm, tons of cheese). But this isn't the high dollar stuff, so I tried to not to fill up.

The meats were good and aplenty. The top sirloin was yummy, of course the filet, the pork, and surprisingly the chicken, were all great. 

They had a reasonably priced wine list and I will say the service was excellent. Our waiter was great. But, if I'm looking to spend $150 on dinner again, I'll go to Del Friscos.笑
Pricey but worth it, could
 make a better salad bar, and cook meat a little bit longer笑
Wear your stretchy pants! 

I didn't know what to expect going into the Brazillian Steakhouse experience, everyone just told me that I would end up eating A LOT! And you do!

I want to tell you something...the puffs that come to the table are one of the best things you are going to put in your mouth that night. But slow down because the salad bar is still there and endless meat. 

Here is a little tip: go lightly on the salad bar, you don't want to fill up before you can have a cut of every piece of meat. 

Enjoy!笑
I eat at Chima's once a month. Good place if your hungry. Never disappoints. It took me a couple of times to understand what is the best thing to eat. You don't want to stuff your self with bunch of salad or sausages. Be patience and figure out the meat selection. The rack of lamb and the fillet mignon is great. Make sure to check out the upstairs bar. Have a drink before your dinner and enjoy the view:) Free valet笑
If you are looking for great food this is one of the best Brazilian places to eat great salad bar with a huge selections of different foods. All the meats they bring to you are fresh, tender, and juicy.笑
$50+ for a dinner is a heck of a lot of cash (at least for a one-income couple like my wife and I), so Chima was one of those goals I reached for, dreaming of the day I could sink my teeth into all the beef, chicken, pork and lamb I wanted. Then one day, the magic of Queen's Feast bestowed it's blessed wonder upon me, and I was able to get a reservation for my wife and I to Chima for $30 a person. It was a stretch, but a heck of a lot better than the normal price. 

The place is pretty massive, with two floors full of tables, salad bars, and friendly staff. There were four hostesses on duty when we arrived, so the greeting and seating procedure was done pretty quickly. The ground floor looked pretty cramped and tight-packed, and I wasn't looking forward to jostling for breathing space there. Luckily for us the hostess told us that we would be dining upstairs that night. The tables were more spread out up there so it wasn't like you were rubbing elbows with your neighbor from the next table down but the noise level was still slightly above average. Upon being seated our server came over, took our drinks, and directed us to throw ourselves upon the salad bar and the endless parade of servers bearing a variety of grilled meats. 

Let's start with the salad bar. I worked at one Ponderosa restaurant when attending high school and another Ponderosa when I went away to college. That being said, I was sick of the word "salad bar." Luckily Chima's version of a salad is more like a "Salad Paradise", yet with friends like fruit, cheese and meats to compliment the veggies. There was several different types of greens to choose from and a variety of topping and veggies to top your custom salad with. Then there were cold seafood salads that had tasty tidbits like shrimp and calamari. Then there was the prosciutto, carpaccio (my first time getting to try it, and I loved it!), a variety of cheeses (I highly recommend checking out the mozzarella... it's so fresh and watery)...and the creamy vegetable soup was divine! And I am usually turned off by the thought of vegetable soup! But let's be serious...you only eat these greens and lighter fare so that you feel better when you are ready for the torrential downpour of meat!

Now since we were there for Queen's Feast we did not get full access to the top shelf meats, but I did not miss them at all. The servers were constantly circulating the dining room like sharks around a drop of chum. The best beef, by far, was the top sirloin. I made sure to snag a medium rare cut (it's the only way to eat beef, be it steak or burger) and it was tastetacular! I soon forgot all about those ribeyes that were floating by out of reach as the top sirloin did plenty for me. As if that wasn't enough beefy goodness, I also partook of the bacon-wrapped filet mignon. It doesn't take a genius to know that beef wrapped in porky delight is a winning combination. I also had a slice of the sirloin steak, but the piece I got was not the best, as it was a extra fatty. 

Now you may be like my wife, and you swear off beef. Have no fear! If you do not max out your stomach capacity on the Salad Paradise (which I definitely think is possible) there is plenty of non-steer meats to enjoy. The chicken was done perfectly and was incredibly juice...no dry poultry here! The pork/ parmesan roll thingy was a delightful little tidbit  of meat and cheese, and the pork ribs were decent...the sauce was tasty and the meat had just the right amount of fat and juiciness to make a good meal. Then there was the leg of lamb, and that was the killer meat of the night for me. I love lamb, and they do it great here at Chima. My slice was the perfect medium rare, with the juicy red center surrounded by that wonderful border of char. The meat itself was chock-full of lamby, gamey goodness. 

Once the meat comes out they also bring over some sides to go along with your meal. The mashed potatoes were a bit suspicious, as they were more liquid than solid potato. I think it had to do with the proportion of cream to potato, which I think was something like 70 cream to 30 potato, with what tasted like a dollop of cream cheese to give it some extra bang. You also get a plate of polenta breadsticks, in that it's polenta that is crisped up in the shape of a breadstick so that you can eat it with your hands. But the star side, by far, was the fried banana. It's just what it sounds like...a battered and fried slice of banana. It was incredibly awesome and I was a bit sad that we only received one per person. 

We really enjoyed the overall experience at Chima. Having so much high-quality food thrown at you in one meal is overwhelming and it really is a guilty pleasure. If you have the cash to burn, or if you decide to boycott other restaurants for a month in order to save up the necessary funds, I highly recommend getting your meat on at Chima.

Edit:
Running out of space but have to add that sausage and swordfish were dyn-o-mite!笑
This is a great place to go for a special occasion. It has a great atmosphere and good food, but it better be pretty special because it is very expensive.

Again, the food is good but I think you're paying more for the experience. There is a salad bar and then they have the typical Brazilian style meats that they bring around for you to choose from. Delicious and fun, but don't forget your wallet.笑
My Goodness Gracious! My boyfriend took me out for our Anniversary and made reservations to Chimas a week in Advance. The place is very packed and the service was great. The food was amazing, from the appetizers to the salad bar, to the meat. Its a bit pricey but it was definitely worth it. my favorite was the flank steak and for dessert was the Chocolate lava cake. I only come to Chimas for only special occasions because of how sick I would get eating too much meat. I would absolutely recommend every carnivore to this steakhouse. My boyfriend and I will be coming back!笑
Our daughter is in college in Charlotte and wanted to go to Chima because she had heard it is 'the' place to eat there. It was a real disappointment for me, however; I must say that the salad bar was phenomenal and the Brazilian Cab Sav I had was very nice. There were plenty of meats to choose from but after trying 3 or 4 and not being a fan of any off them, I changed to the seafood selection and all that offered was salmon and swordfish which were not bad but not great. I thought everything that was brought to the table was bland. Didn't even taste like quality meat. 
Like previously said, the salad bar is amazing. The service was definitely worth mentioning. Our cute little waiter, who said he was from Brazil, was on top of everything. That being said, I have NO problem paying for good food but this experience was NOT worth the money. Actually, very odd that everything was excellent EXCEPT the meal. I will not be going back.笑
This whole experience was INCREDIBLE. We had heard so many good things before coming here, that we were so excited to try it out! Once we finally did, we were more impressed than we had hoped to be.

The food was incredible. So tasty and so well prepared. The "salad bar" was so diverse and full of so many delicious options. And it was so nice to be able to return for seconds of something we particularly loved.

The staff & atomosphere were fabulous. We cant wait to come back!!笑
I had the best dinner here! Great service, sat us down within seconds. Waitress, Stephany was super friendly. Nico, one of the skewer servers was above and beyond friendly & funny. They serve over 10 different types of meats, they were all delicious. The salad bar (which has more than salads!!! Was delicious) the bacon/ egg rice was to die for. They also put fried plantain, yuca & mash at your table & they were all amazing!!!!!!! I wish I was from around so I could come around more often. Definitely one of my top 5 favorite places!!!笑
The only reason that you would not like chima is if you are a vegeterian or you can't handle stuffing atleast 7lbs of meat into your fat gut. Chima is the best restaurant in charlotte period.  Every 5 seconds there is someone coming at you with delicous meat or fish on giant skewers.  The big pieces of meat are cooked every way. I think this is awesome as I like medium rare/rare and my meat tag team partner can get it whatever they want.  The staff was tremendous, there was like 20 different options of meat and fish, and I never have left so satisfied.  My friend and his brazillian gf just returned from brazil and gloated about how chima was actually better than the rodizio's in Brazil.  So not only my stamp of approval, but a brazillian person's stamp to.  

Notes-
screw the salad bar
don't eat the whole day
don't drink too much
wear expandable waistband pants笑
FYI This restaurant currently has a C rating as of mid December. Be careful eating here. Most of the violations are critical. I love Chima but will not be back anytime soon for this very reason.笑
Right away let me tell you this place was all-around excellent!

They have a complimentary valet (of course you should tip) which I would
not have known unless I called first.  Either way if you get in earlier there is free parking on the same street.

It is right downtown and the atmosphere is just alive and beautiful!

When we called we asked if there was a dress code and I was told casual was fine.  When we walked in there were folks from casual to business but everyone blended fine.
BTW we stopped by the other "brazaz" and it was in the bad part of town.

I am Brazilian and in the Army.  We're new to SC and decided to drive up there this weekend for some churrasco.  I've had churrasco in other places like this one.  Although this wasn't the best one I've been to it's definately good.

The SERVICE was excellent! Our main waiter was very pleasant and checked on us constantly refilling our beverages while the gauchos replenished the cheese-breads along with other assortments.

I am fluent in portuguese and I listened as the MANAGER constantly communicated with her staff w/ her earpiece letting them know which tables or sections needed immediate attention! She was all over it.  She even came by herself and asked how everything was and if there was anything she could get us.

The COLDBAR was decent.   It was a lot better than the churrascaria in San Antonio, TX.  There was a wide variety of entrees to include two varieties of rice & beans.  They also had "farofa" on the side and fresh mozzerela and other cheeses.  Try the CHICKEN-SALAD it's a well known brazilian dish.

When we started w/ meat he brought some freshly fried bananas, fried yuca (yummy) and other appetizers.   

The MEAT was delicious and once we flipped our card to orange it just didn't stop coming!! The Lambchops just melted in my mouth.  Try the PICANHA and the ALCATRA meats they are two of the best brazilian cuts!!! The Filet Mignon was also very good & hearty!  My wife had some of the salmon glazed w/ passion fruit and she said its the best FISH she's had in a while.

One tip* before you come here skip lunch and don't eat until you get here.  Don't fill up on the cheesebreads and salad-bar because the heart of the meal is the meat!! 

Depending on your income you can consider it pricy.  For two people my bill with tip came to about $113  (it included some brazilian beer)

Someone wrote a bad review on here and I ALMOST didn't go.  But after driving to Brazas I said lets go see the other one...being right downtown....I am so glad I stopped in and so will you.  We went on a Saturday night and of course everything is better on Fri-Sat.  

It is different from traditional american steakhouses.  So if you've never been let the waiter/waitress explain to you how things work.  Learn how you're supposed to eat at a churrascaria...Follow my tip about not filling up on appetizers.  Afterall you're here for STEAK! You can get a bunch of meat on your plate, flip the card to black, and eat, the repeat :-) until your belt-button pops (like mine).  

Brazillians eat everything with rice and beans, put some farofa on top of it with a little hot-sauce (found in cold-bar) and eat that with your meat! That's the brazilian way.笑
Heard great things so I decided to buy a $150 gift card on their website as a Birthday gift. Well it's been a week and the person still has not received it in the mail. Most restaurants now let you print gift card immediately. Called the corp office I was told 7 business days, which is ridiculous. They do have the option to send Fed Ex for a fee. So my suggestion is spent the $10+ more for quicker delivery because they obvious send gift cards through bulk mail. Completely disappointed to spend that kind of money and it take this long to be delivered.笑
I have actually been to Chima's two times now. The first time, just dropped in on a Wednesday. The dinner crowd was pretty light. For about $55, a first course buffet of antipasto, salads, and various grilled veggies were available. The buffet also included some sides such as rice and a black bean dish. For the "second" course various additional sides were brought to the table included fried bananas, mashed potatoes, a bread-like dumpling ball, and pao de Queijo (Brazilian cheese breads). The rounds of meats were also brought to the table in skewers by the serving staff, based on whether you turned your indicator to green-yes keep it coming or no-I'm good. 

The items at the buffet bar were pretty average overall. I thought the stand out was the chicken potato salad.  The side dishes at the table were also pretty average. I've dined at Fogo de Chao, Rodizio Grill here in the states and I have to say that Chima ranks lower the both. I was totally pumped about having the cheese bread and was highly disappointed at the temperature of them, even after sending the first batch back. As far as the meats, I felt like the flank steak and and another steak they served tasted weird, like metal. The garlic steak was decent. The good items were the top sirloin, ribeye, sausage, chicken wrapped in bacon, and the salmon (awesome).

My second visit was for restaurant week. WARNING - for the special price the menu is very limited; no fishes, no filet mignon, no ribeye. My second visit was a less enjoyable because I went with the discounted menu. Based on those menu items I wouldn't go back.笑
I've been a fan of Brazilian themed steakhouses for many years and I must say, that Chima is the best experience that I've had in Charlotte by far.  I'd even go as far as to put Chima up there with the Fogo de Chao and Texas de Brazil locations that I've visited in Dallas and Orlando.

The dining experience starts off really well as the hostess opens the door for you and gives an inviting welcome.  The waiting area is very clean and if you're in a hurry to get a drink while you wait, there's a very nice bar at the top of the staircase for you.

There are two elements to the food here:  The first being the buffet which features an assortment of salads, veggies, beans, rice and soup.  The second element are the meat runners or "gauchos".  The gauchos go from table to table serving meats, poultry and fish.  The meats and poultry are served from skewers, you simply tell the gauchos your portion size and wellness preference and they'll cut the meat off the skewer for you.

My only suggestion for improvement at Chima, would be to add a few traditional Brazilian desserts to the dessert menu.  I would love to see Brazilian nut short bread or maybe Brigadeiro on the menu.

I recommend giving this place a try at least once.  It can be a little pricey (usually dinner for 2 will run around $200 if you get a bottle of wine), but the quality and variety of the food makes it worth the price.笑
I thought it was a great place to for a date. Nice atmosphere, good food, intimate conversation space. I'll definitely make a trip back and I'll definitely recommend the place to friends. 

Overall: Great Choice.笑
Fellow Meatyelpers,

I cannot emphasize this 5 star rating enough.  I would deduct one star for the lack of actual Brazilian personnel working at this location, but the food was just so good that I forgot about that mundane detail.  

I had seen this restaurant before a couple of years ago and since the opportunity arose once again to try it out, I completely grabbed onto it and went for the meat ride (no homo).

The location is marvelous, situated in the middle of Tryon's main drag in uptown Charlotte.  When compared to the other Brazilian Rodizio style steakhouses which I have eaten at, this one outshines both in its location (see my reviews for the other two in Orlando, FL).  It is tucked into the lobby of one of the many beautifully designed highrises in Charlotte.  I presume rent must cost an arm and a leg, luckily they use cows for that at Chima.

Upon entering I was immediately taken back by the superb decor of the place.  A large waiting area that is very modern with some light fixtures akin to a 1970s attempt at a futuristic home.  The lobby is slightly elevated which gives you, the guest, a grandiose view of all the meat comas going on in that very special ward known as the dining area.  Smack dab in the middle of the dining area is a very respectable salad bar that in my opinion fell a tad short of expectations.  The upstairs area provides space for a private dining rom and a very nicely set up lounge complete with an awesome bar.  All this can be reached via a mansion style round stairwell or by using the elevator located at the lobby.  This is good for those who cannot walk once done with their meals (refer to my photos for the aforementioned description).

Expect to be treated extra special like a baby in an incubator.  These meat surgeons will take care of all your needs until you are ready to go home to mom.  The servers are extremely courteous and attentive.  You can request any specialty meats that you may have missed out on during your meal and it will be promptly brought to your table.

You will receive many sides to accompany your meal as well as the salad bar option.  However, you can opt out of the meats and go for a cheaper all you can eat swordfish/salmon and salad bar dinner which will you run you about half of the meat dinner price.  

The sides consist of Mashed Potatoes, Fried Bananas, Parmesan Cheese Bread, Polenta, Beef Croquettes and a nice spread to put on your bread (see my photos).  Please do not focus on these as you want to have as much room as possible to enjoy the overwhelming amount of meats being served by your friendly neighborhood gaucho.

The salad bar has plenty of items to choose from along with some brazilian staples such as the Feijoada.  I won't focus on this since it's a salad bar in a STEAKHOUSE.  Vegetarians, hit your browser's back button now.

The meats that stood out for me were as follows:  The Picanha, Leg of Lamb, Lamb Chops, Bacon Wrapped Chicken and Parmesan Pork, Filet Mignon and Ribs.  Although, all were delicious including the Picanha which is Brazil's prime cut, I have yet to taste better Lamb in my life.  The seasoning on both the Leg of Lamb and Lamb Chops was out of this world delicious (see my photos).  I highly recommend it.  It's so magical, I can't even put it into words.  Think of the best tasting cut of meat you have ever had and multiply that by the highest scientific notation ever and that won't equal the amount of excitement my taste buds had when this work of culinary art touched them.  Pure meat bliss.

I think I have said enough to convince you to at least try their Lamb!  Go here because this place is fantastic.  If you don't have a good dining experience e-mail me personally and I'll paypal you the amount of your dinner in full.  This is my personal guarantee of how much you'll like it.  By the way, if you don't enjoy your dinner, my paypal account is run out of Nigeria, tread lightly when giving me your information.  I'm kidding of course, just disregard the whole refund offer and enjoy your dinner here!

Abracos!笑
Overall an amazing experience. Place is clean and everyone is friendly. The salad bar alone could have been a meal. The steaks and different meats were to die for! Angel was our server. She was very nice and helped me pair a wine for my meal. One of the gauchos that really stood out was Shawn. Once he heard my boyfriend was waiting to try the lamb chops, he ran to the kitchen and brought it out immediately. My boyfriend and I had a 10 out of 10 experience and I was in meat lover heaven all night.笑
Food coma. Meat coma. I think I might have broken my stomach, but it was so worth it. Such excellent food, so full of taste and flavor and, well, yumminess.

Everyone tells you to skip the salad bar at these Brazilian Steakhouses, but it's impossible. Everything up there is just so delicious. It's not like the salad bar at the bbq place. I mean, there's great food up there. I think you could do just fine with that and skip the meatfest. Whoa! What am I thinking!

Twenty different kinds of meats on skewers make the rounds of the dining room. Prime rib, sirloin, pork loin, bacon wrapped filet mignon, lamb chops, even platters of fresh baked salmon and swordfish. I felt bad for the kid with the Brazilian sausages and the chicken. I mean, sure we'll give it a try, but that's not why we're here. Tip on the lamb chops. They're ten times better with some of the mint jelly. Yes, mint jelly. Trust me on this.

Fantastic service. Rich and Clint did a super job of taking care of us.

It's a touch on the spendy side. $50 each for the dinner, plus drinks and tip. But you can get a discount coupon online from their website at the moment. Note that there is an 18% tip included with the bill already. At least the line on the check says "extra tip", so now you're warned.

Dress is not casual, but they still seemed to let people in with jeans and tshirts. Yes, I'm talking to you in the bright yellow "Super Mario Brothers" tee. Seriously, dude. This isn't Bubba's BBQ Barn. Show a little class.笑
Loved it. Has a great selection and atmosphere.
Friendly staff
Tasty food 
Trendy setting笑
Oh. My. God. Chima was SO GOOD. My small group of 3 meat lovers chose this place for a late dinner during Charlotte Restaurant Week and we did NOT regret it. 

I haven't dined at a Brazilian steakhouse for a while, so I definitely had a lot of questions, which the staff was all very helpful with. Our first stop after checking in early for our reservation was the upstair bar/lounge - I needed to reward myself for getting there so early. Despite it being 9 pm on a Saturday evening, the place was packed! I ordered the Caipirinha, and maybe my tummy was a bit empty since it was so late, but this tasty cocktail made the wait feel like it went by a wee bit more quickly...

Salad bar was awesome, and it was frustrating that I had to control myself from getting too much since we had to save room for the endless meats. I feel that if I were a vegetarian, I could still leave full. Then came the meats... oh, the meats...

We weren't able to try everything, since we ordered the more affordable offering they had during Restaurant Week, but it was still a lot! Also, I'm not sure why (maybe it was because it was so late and they were trying to get rid of everything), but we were able to try some so of the swordfish and salmon, but I definitely preferred the meats more, especially the very tender and flavorful lamb - at the point of the night when we finally got the chance to try it, I had already said I was going to stop eating.... and then I ate it.笑
Chima far exceeded my expectations. From the onset of this dining experience, I was continually impressed by the entire staff. Not just my table's particular waiter, everyone.

When you dine at Chima, you are guaranteed an experience. A staggering variety of expertly prepared Brazilian style meats ranging from Top Sirloin and various Filet Mignon to Parmesan encrusted pork and barbecue style short ribs. They also feature amazingly prepared salmon and swordfish. This does not even begin to cover the extent of options that are offered.

Chima also features a buffet salad bar that is heads above and beyond any that I've ever experienced. The options are nearly endless. Plenty of vegetables to complement the array of meats that I've already attempted to describe.

The food was nothing short of amazing. The best Filet Mignon and Top Sirloin I have ever eaten.

The service was far more incredible. To say that the atmosphere is chaotic is an understatement. This restaurant is NOT quiet nor intimate, at least in the main dining room. The main waiter takes care of your beverages and small appetizers while they are supported by additional waitstaff and bussers for clean plates. Throughout the experience, servers roam the dining room with specific items from their meat selection. You are given a token to indicate your readiness for more meat. As long as you are willing, they are able. You will be inundated with offers of freshly prepared delight. Take all you like. Simply flip over your token to indicate that you need a break or are insides and the meat service halts.

My personal favorites were the Top Sirloin, Filet Mignon (not to be confused with the bacon-wrapped version), the BBQ Short Ribs, and the Bacon-Wrapped Chicken. Amazing.

Finally, we dined tonight for a birthday and were provided a complimentary photograph and card as well as desert. It was Tiramisu and it was wonderful.

Please visit Chima when you are able. You will not regret it. Oh, and all the reviews by uppity college kids? Just ignore them.笑
Oh how I miss you Chima!

Great service, lots of meat options including chicken and fish and a great salad bar! I LOVE the soup...really, I do...The apps they bring to the table are yummy esp the whipped potatoes--Although I wouldn't recommend filling up on the salad bar options, they certainly have a great selection! Love the lamb, filet, garlic sirloin, and fish! =)

Definitely a great dining experience but can't do it too often...I don't think I ate anything prior to my dinners here--or anything the day after either- LOL!

Oh...don't be afraid to turn that card upside down to take a break!! It can be a little overwhelming with five skewers coming at you at once and they sure do come fast!笑
This is one of my top 5 favorite restaurants! It is well worth the money... but not if you're not a meat eater! They do give you an cheaper option of just fish with the salad bar though. I've never had a bad experience with customer service as many times as i've gone. I've gone a couple times during Restaurant Week... which they are much slower with bringing the meats out then. But I don't know what you would expect during such a time. The meats are delicious and they make sure you're happy. Want well done? They'll send a note back to the kitchen to bring you what you want. I loooove the Salad bar. So many unique options. And they have really good drinks and drink specials. I always recommending Chima to friends and will continue to do so, even during restaurant week lol笑
Excellent food and great atmosphere. This is one of my favorite date night locations!笑
Mixed Feelings.

Let me start off by saying the bar here is awesome.  It has a unique layout and there are several intimate two person tables you can take your drinks to.  They also have very good white wines.

I took my fiancé here because he's a big fan of red meat and I figured this is the right place for someone like him.  The service was pretty good and he enjoyed everything.  Of all of the offerings I sampled a total of 5 or 6 meats, including what appeared to be pink and possibly undercooked chicken.

That night my fiancé slept like a baby, while I had an experience straight out of the movie, 'Bridesmaids.'  The next morning he woke up 5lbs heavier and I woke up about 5lbs lighter.  I can't be sure it was the chicken but I had it and he did not.

The moral of the story?  Don't eat chicken at a restaurant known for their steak.  I don't  think I'll eat there again but I'll definitely be visiting the bar.笑
Very unique dining experience. The food was very flavorful and there was enough variety for everyone tastes. Recommend going with friends or family though. Pricey.笑
I am so disappointed in the service for this place. My husband and I made reservations for 8pm on Saturday night. When we arrived on time, we were told there was going to be a 20 minute wait. After waiting 20 minutes, we were told it would be 10 more minutes. After 30 minutes we had waited long enough, so we told the girl at the hostess station that we were leaving. She then got an attitude with us saying she was just about to seat us.

What is the point of having a reservation system if you aren't going to stick to it? Not only that, but the girls were just rude. Needless to say McCormick and Schmick's got our business that night, and we will not be visiting Chima again.笑
I was finally able to check this place out. My sister celebrated her 27th birthday here with family and friends.

At first glance the restaurant seems small but the second story floor where the bar is located is massive.

Upon getting seated, the server and her assistant greeted us immediately and offered wine suggestions. They also asked if we wanted still or sparkling water. They brought out Voss water ( it is not free). I thought it was kinda shady that they up sell water. Even though I can easily afford these kinds of places, i did not like that they bring you premier water and charge you for it. Tap water is fine for me.

Aside from that, however, this place was indeed tasty. The salad bar had a lot of fresh variety.

My favorite meats where the mint marinated lamb (omg amazing ), top sirloin, and the filet mignon.

For dessert we got chocolate lava cake made in house. The actual cake part was too small and the breading lacked flavor. 

Overall not a bad spot to take a date or celebrate an occasion, just make sure you Are hungry.笑
I have been to several Brazilian steak houses and Chima's was the best I've had. The meats are Delicious and they were very good about making sure you had plenty of whatever kind of meat you wanted. If you are not a big eater then the price might seem too much for what you get. The salad bar had lots of good choices and also had an array of sauces for the meats, something I always thought was missing from similar restaurants I have been to. I would go again for sure!笑
I have eaten at just about every restaurant up and down Tryon in Uptown Charlotte. Never have I wanted to leave a restaurant as bad as I did 15 minutes after sitting down.  The service was awful... Our waiter was rude, rough with delivery of speech and plate/utensil pick up. I believe we had team 3. And the only one that was kind was the young white boy. The rest was just so distasteful and I would never waste another dime here.

One of the guys flipped a piece of meat on my dads lap and It was just a mess. Horribly handled... Altogether I have had better customer service at a Dunkin Donuts than this restaurant.  You would have thought the waiter had something owed to him, with a stuck up attitude. I really dont mean to sound like a jerk, but I make more than he averages a night in one hour of my work at age 26 so please check in the attitude when you put on a waiter uniform.

I was going to take my team here for dinner next week. I am definitely taking them to Ruth's Chris, the service there is 10x better.笑
All in all, pretty much what you expect. Excellent service, and meats were good. Very regular rodizio frequency to your table. The ambience is lacking though: dark, boring venue, with almost a trough-like arrangement to the underwhelming salad bar. 

I've been to others, and Texas de Brazil definitely makes Chima Charlotte pale in comparison. Not worth it unless you have a coupon.笑
Food poisoning-BEWARE! We took our daughter there for her 15th birthday on Monday. Our whole party came down with food poisoning after eating there and 2 people had to be taken to the hospital. I called and spoke to GM Fernando who is refusing to refund our money! Needless to say, I am now in contact with their corporate office in an effort to get a refund and now our hospital bills paid! Its a shame that the GM could not handle this at his level... If we cant resolve this with their corporate office, we are going to consult with or attorney to see what our rights are. 

Lastly, we looked up their NC Health records and they have critical violations for storing raw food with ready to eat food! Our dinner cost us a lot more than just a horrific experience!!!! If you want to end up in the hospital; BON APPETITE!笑
This review is by no means a testimonial to the quality and diverse offerings of the food.  The preliminary appetizers that come with a traditional Brazilian Steakhouse that are carb induced to make you full much quicker were dry.  The protein offers were good except for the pace.  Several times during the course of dinner 4 or 5 straight meat bearers would show up at the same time.  I understand it was a week night and not as busy as usual, but they had to see they were stumbling on top of each other.  I understand the old "don't let the meat get cold", but how about pace your meal.  This was a bit overbearing at times.

The cut off age for children is 12.  My nephew is 13.  All he ate was 3 small pieces of Filet Mignon.  They charged him $50.00 for his meal.  I mean that is all he ate.  No bread, no lettuce, no cold cuts.  Just three pieces of meat.  It seems it would have made "common sense" to charge him the child price.

There was a gratuity added for only a party of five.  This was no clearly documented and traditionally, it is parties of six or more.

The floating servers, were hovering at times, clearing plates and asking questions.  Everything seemed rushed and they didn't offer us enough space to enjoy the company we were with.

For a business meal perhaps this makes sense, since you can expense the rather high cost.  For a nice casual family or friends experience, I would not recommend this steakhouse.笑
The meats were delicious with a good variety. The lamb chops were the best. My only critique is that the bar could have had more of a variety. A warm vegetable would be a great option. Overall, this was a great dining experience - would recommend to any carnivore. :-)笑
Our second time here was an absolute pleasure. From delectable smoked salmon appetizer with their signature cocktails (caipirinhas) to the out of the world steak. I can't talk about their salad bar because I came for the meat. And the meat was perfect. And they changed something from last year. Your server will check in every 10 minutes or so to ask if there is any specific meat you wanted. And if you do, then how you would like it cooked. Then as if by magic, the meat shows up just how you wanted it. Within a minute for all three of our requests. 

I cannot recommend this place enough. We come from georgia for the tough mudder in the fall, and it's settled; from here on out we celebrate our race with dinner at Chima!笑
This was our third time to Chima, but it had been a couple of years.  We were both remembering the prices to be a little lower (did they go up?), but each Rodizio dinner was $50.  Throw in a couple of glasses of wine, and we walked out of there $120 lighter.  The service is outstanding - we didn't want for anything - and the experience itself is like no other.  I love the meat smorgasbord!  The sides are varied (mashed potatoes, fried bananas, polenta, etc.), and the salad bar is never-ending, but we're really there for the meat... which was just okay.  It's definitely worth going once for the experience, but the meat wasn't nearly as impressive as I'd remembered.笑
The leg of lamb was delicious, it is worth the price during resturant week in charlotte. But I wouldn't pay the reg 50 price. Not worth it to me. But the meats were seasoned perfectly. Would def go again.笑
My wife and I absolutely Love Chima!!!  If you are hungary this is the place to eat!!  Expensive but mouth watering meats and very fun experience.笑
This place is amazing! Fine dining at its best. I went for a birthday dinner and even though we had about 12 people our server was very attentive. Everyone there is super nice and they never fail to tell you what's being served from the meats to the side dishes. The quality of the food was spectacular. I love that it's all you can eat as well! You get more for what you pay for actually. I had no complaint other than not having a second stomach lol. I can't wait to dine at this place again.笑
Delish!  Nice salad bar with lots of options...that you don't need.  Don't fill up - wait for the MEAT!  Pace yourself, trust me.  They brought a few hot apps & sides to the table (the mashed potatoes were soupy, but tasty), but I'd skip most of 'em.  MEAT!  The house steak was outstanding!  I think I liked it better than the filet, which is unheard of.  This place is pricey at $55/person, but really fun for a special dinner occasionally.  Can't wait to go back!笑
Amazing foot fresh salad bar and good sevice.笑
I took my wife here for Valentines Day... 

Last year my wife and I went to Brazas for V-Day and were very disappointed, so I decided that this year I would try the Brazilian steakhouse thing again. 

This place is terrific. We were seated upstairs, which has fewer tables and seems a bit more intimate. The salad bar is very nice; lots of meats (prosciutto, beef carpaccio) and cheeses, salads, calamari, etc... too many items to mention. 

Then there are the meats (around 12-15 different meats). Delicious, well cooked, mouthwatering, meats served on a skewer. It really brings out a persons carnivorous side, and they will keep bringing it out to you as long as you want. 

The service was great; very attentive and friendly. Pricing is on the higher side, but definitely worth it. 

Now for the one real complaint... The extremely limited beer menu. They only have like 4-5 beers, none of which are on tap. They seem to have a nice wine menu, but have completely dropped the ball on the beer side. Very disappointing. With all of the rich flavors, and juicy meats they could really do well to have an extensive beer menu and offer pairing notes with each beer. A shame, I had to leave Chima and go to another spot to have a decent beer after dinner. Perhaps they should consider adding a cicerone to their staff. 

All in all a great experience, with good food and service. Hopefully I made up for last years experience at Brazas...笑
Went to chima in uptown Charlotte. Unbelievable .grandaughter who normally eats like a bird, finished off 4 plates of meat. It was fabulous. Salmon great sirloin ,flank steak all top quality. Salad and desert bar weren't even touched.sausage chicken all perfect, one tip turn your coin to orange for service but remember turn it over to get a breath otherwise meat keeps coming.笑
I love Brazilian Steak Houses, for Charlotte, Chima is the best option.  Because we try to eat Paleo, it's always high on our list of places to eat out. And if you consider what you get for your money, it's not a bad deal.  We try to always come in when they have deals, which, if you sign up for emails, is all the time.  I really can't say much about the salad bar, it always looks good, but we never bother with it.  The meat comes regularly and if you ask your waiter, they'll bring whatever cuts you want.  The ambiance is fine, if a little clinical at times.  But all in all, it's a great place for big groups and to celebrate birthdays, etc.笑
Loved it!  Don't eat for a while before you go. Go hungry. Meat, meat and more meat. Try it all! Very good. Ribeye was my favorite!!!   The salad bar choices were wonderful. If you are going for meat, don't spend a lot of time at the salad bar. If you go home hungry you didn't go here.笑
Wow.  I wish I had a bigger stomach.   The food is very good and there is a lot of it.   Huge, and I mean huge salad bar.  But don't be fooled to eat a lot of it    Wait for the meat.  Don't eat the whole day before going.  You have been warned.笑
My husband loves this place. We've ate here before and we've ate at the one in Myrtle Beach. Personally, we like the one located at Myrtle Beach better only because over there, they offer chicken nuggets for the kids - and well, if you're familiar with my reviews, my youngest son always eats and picks chicken nuggets wherever we dine at.

This place has no chicken nuggets to offer, but he managed to choke down a few things.

The big thing with this establishment is the price. My 7 year old son was charge $25 dollars and he got the all you can eat meat. I only ate from the salad bar and I was charged $29...

But, it was Father's Day when we went. We had reservations and we were second to check in. We got there when they opened. 20 minutes passed and people who walked in were seated before us and after bringing this to their attention we were finally seated.

The servers were nice and honestly, I was fine with the salad bar. I could have ate just that. It wasn't until my second plate that I discovered the white rice. Their rice is awesome! I would come there to eat just that - or pour some black beans over the rice. It's amazing! Yes, please try their rice! 

Both my kids got vanilla ice cream and that was a hit even though one scoop cost $9, but the vanilla ice cream is the same flavor ice cream my dad eats (he's in CA) and when my kids tasted that, well, it brought us back to CA...so that's always nice when food can bring you good memories.

I would definitely eat here again - during another special occasion, because while the food is good, and the servers are nice, $50 a person can be pricey. The four of us at for a little over $200 and I didn't even eat the meat...but we did order plenty of drinks and had dessert.笑
My favorite place for lamb chops and seafood and steak and the gorganzola mousse is beyond! Great place to try during restaurant week. A caprihna is a must!!笑
I'm thankful for Restaurant Week because it allows me to get to places that I cannot afford to go to otherwise.  Like Chima.

I stopped in today for lunch at 12:15pm and was greeted by the hostess.  I was seated immediately and Demetrius, the first of three folks who waited on me, was at my table simultaneously.  He explained the RW options and took my drink order.  Upon returning with my drink, I let him know that I was going to be going with the $30 option.  He explained the way the restaurant works and released me to the salad bar.

The salad bar is indeed quite extensive.  It's nice to see some non-traditional items on a salad bar like asparagus, pancetta, and corn mousse.  Prior to leaving for the salad bar, Wuile (pronounced Willie) dropped off some tiny rolls and crocquettes(sp?)   I enjoyed everything I had off of the salad bar, save for the corn mousse.  That wasn't what I was expecting.

While working thru my salad plate, Wuile came back with tapas consisting of polenta, mashed potatoes, and fried bananas.  It was all good, with the potatoes being tops.

Finally, I flipped my coin and waited for the meat parade to begin.  I did have to wait a bit for someone to come around my table.  Apparently, I was getting passed up by the higher end meats, but I didn't realize that until later in the meal.  I did quickly receive some lamb, and then some flank steak right after that.  The lamb was good, but I thought the steak was better.   Demetrius came by to see how I was doing and to ask if I needed anything.  He asked if I had tried the pork yet and I said no.  He pulled out what appeared to be an iphone and placed an order for me for the pork, as well as the top sirloin.  In just a few short moments, gauchos were on the scene providing some tasty proteins.  The pork was a little tough, but the sirloin was good.  I finished up my meal with some chicken and one more go at the flank steak before throwing in the towel.

Service was fantastic.  There was another gentleman named Matthews who also helped out at my table.  My water glass was never more than half-empty.  They made me freel like a rock star.笑
This is located in the downtown area near all of the bank buildings.  It is steps away from the Hilton Downtown. I have been to quite a few Brazilian Steakhouses....some of the typical chain types and some local independent ones....I've even been at some overseas.  This one is probably closer to the best one I've been to.  There was plenty of choices on the salad bar, and plenty of choices to choose from in the rodizio category.  I sampled, many different cuts of beef, lamb, pork, sausage, chicken and even some fish.  Some places are heavy on the beef which I can understand but i like having more variety.  The waiters and the folks with the meat were all very attentive and all provided great service.  It also has a pretty good wine list笑
MEAT, MEAT & MORE MEAT!  Did I mention Meat?  Goodness I have never eaten so much meat in one sitting than at Chima.  

Being hungry is a prerequisite when visiting Chima.  Not only is there an abundant amount of meat, but the salad bar offers multiple types of soups, salads, and bread choices.  

Meat-My favorites were the parmesan crusted pork loin, and the top sirloin.  In close second, the garlic seasoned sirloin, yum!

The service was great.  I would have given Chima 5 stars, however, I had to wait to have my iced tea refilled.  Typically I receive drink refills at this caliber of restaurant before you need one, but unfortunately not the case.

Ambiance was classy, reds, warm toned woods, and beaded chandeliers give this place a romantic feel.

All in all, a great place to eat!  I saw several younger kids enjoying it too!笑
This was my 3rd time coming here. As always, the food and service were fantastic! Don't  spend too much time at the salad bar, you'll fill up too quick before the meats come around. I came this time to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday during Charlotte Restaurant Week. Great deal; $30/person and SO delicious. I upgraded to the option that included Filet Mignon for $9/person extra. Great deal. However, it took asking a couple times for the filet to come around. Which is surprising because they are really tentative there to your needs. The only downside is that the servers/managers come to check on you too often which was kind of disruptive to our conversation at times. Free valet parking is a big perk too, so you don't have to hassle with parking Uptown.笑
The best Brazilian steakhouse in Charlotte! The restaurants is beautifully decorated, the staff is exceptional and the food is authentic!笑
I visited Chima on a Saturday night. I should have made reservations however; it was worth the wait.  I had drinks in the lounge upstairs while waiting for a table.
I had been to Brazilian steakhouses before, but this was my first visit to Chima [Uptown]
The service was exceptional and the cuts of meat were great!笑
Had 6 pm reservations on 12/5.  Showed up around 6:05 and was told they are running 20 minutes behind.  We had concert tickets for 8 but 20 minute delay should not be a problem. 20 minutes turned into almost an hour.  Now it is almost 7 and we would have to leave by 7:30 to make it to the concert on time.  We were going to leave and find someplace else to eat but the manager agreed to comp 2 of our meals, we were a party of 4.  So we decided to stay.  We wound up eating so fast that it was not enjoyable.  Even with the 2 comped dinners the bill was still $200.  (They added the tip on the bill).  I can not comment on how good the food was because we really didn't get a chance to enjoy it.  The server did her best but it was a no win situation.  

I even emailed the corporate office but never received an answer from them.  I would consider going back but only when they don't have an event in town and would hold them to the reservation time.  There are too many good restaurants in town where I can drop alot of money.笑
Wow, I cannot remember ever eating so much meat at one time. I was with a large group that was in Charlotte for business and we were all very pleased with the evening. Without a reservation it is very difficult to just walk in and be seated, even on a Tuesday evening, so using Open Table I was able to line up something quick enough and we were in. First, great service, which is always important to me. The meal began with a wonderful salad bar, actually probably the best salad bar that I have ever partaken in, and was a good start. Then the meat came, and came. So fast that I had to carefully monitor my "hit me" card. Add a nice bottle of Silver Oak Cabernet to share with the table and the meal was spectacular. Last, a very smooth Papaya Creme desert finished off the evening very nicely. Fortunately we had a bit of a walk back to the hotel, which was definitely needed..笑
My husband took me here for our 20th anniversary and it was amazing. The meats where perfectly cooked, the salad bar was fresh and amazing. Servers very attentive. My Brazilian drink was the bomb. I know most would have flipped when the $225.00 bill arrived, but it was worth it and a special occasion. We go to Rioz every time we are in Myrtle Beach and while it is always good, Chima's salad bar was much better. If you have the funds please give it a try.笑
Came with hubby for my birthday and had a SPECTACULAR meal!

I've been to Chima before a few years back and it was just as delicious as I remembered. Our server was attentive and checked on us frequently and it wasn't too busy in there, giving hubby free-range of the salad bar without interruption ( it was his first time).

The salad bar was well stocked and the selections they had were very fresh- I specifically enjoyed the spring salad and the seafood salad (even though I HATE capers).

 I love, love, LOVE the lamb- I think I ate about 6 pieces of the rack of lamb as well as the slices of leg of lamb. It's just seasoned so perfectly, I really, honestly and truly couldn't help myself

The salmon is cooked perfectly, but need just a little bit of salt. I suggest pairing it with the papaya sauce instead of the cilantro. It gives the salmon that sweet acidity that it needs to cut through the fattiness of the fish and creates a perfect balance of flavor in your mouth. 

We came on a night where the bottles of wine were half off ( I think it was a Monday) and we got a bottle of Rosé for only about $25 and it paired really well with the meal!

They even brought out a complimentary tiramisu dessert for me for my birthday! They don't sing to you (THANK GOD) but it did come with a candle! 

All in all, the food was delicious and the service was good. We'll definitely be back again.笑
We partook of Chima this past Sunday at the end of restaurant week. Our first reservation choice wasn't Sunday but it was the only time we could get in. This was my first visit to Chima and my boyfriend's second visit. We arrived right at 7:30 and waited about 10 minutes before our table was ready. The restaurant was pretty easy to find and valet parking was complimentary.  We ate upstairs which I understand is less crowded than the downstairs dining area.

The restaurant was right downtown Charlotte and the decor was modern, sleek and warm. First portion of the three-course meal was the salad bar, which in my opinion is enough for a meal. I don't know if they offer that alone but it might be a good idea if they ever decide to open for lunch. It also might be appealing to those of us who can't justify spending fifty bucks there outside of restaurant week since the meal is just way too much for the average person to eat in my opinion.

The salad bar was very decadent and consisted of beef carpaccio, caprese salad, shrimp salad, a nice variety of greens, melon, soy beans, chicken salad, waldorf salad and few others items. There was also a wide variety of dressings, sauces for your meats, a couple different types of rice, three or four different soups, and bread with butter. 

After visiting the salad bar you sit down and the men come by with a variety of meats. My favorite was by far the top sirloin; second favorite was the parmesan pork tenderloin. It was pretty salty but still good. I also had the filet mignon wrapped with bacon but it was pretty fatty for a filet. I also enjoyed the flank steak and chicken. My boyfriend really enjoyed the ribs. I also had the swordfish, which I found to be a bit dry, and the lamb, which was too gamy for my liking. While we were being served the meats we had other side items being served to us. I forgot to mention the appetizer, which were doughy Parmesan rolls with a turkey dip, very good. The side items were fried bananas and some fried potato sticks, which tasted like hash browns. I personally didn't care for the fried bananas but I don't like bananas much anyway.

Believe it or not we ordered dessert. It didn't come with the meal but I wanted a little something sweet. So we ordered the crème brulee. It stole the show. We finished that off in about five minutes. Maybe the best crème brulee I have ever had. 

Service was very good and I was pleased. I enjoyed the experience but I wouldn't go back for myself. It's just way too much food and I would rather savor one entree instead of be constantly paraded with more food while I am trying to eat what I have. I would love to go back just for the salad bar and dessert though. They had a lot of other choices for dessert as well. They don't give boxes for your leftovers either so eat up!笑
Don't eat all day and go here to eat every animal under the sun. Above average salad bar but not the best brazilian steakhouse I've ever been to before.笑
Excellent food.  A bit on the expensive side but a nice break from the usual steakhouse routine.笑
One of the best Brazilian Steakhouses I have eaten at in North America.
Excellent service, and atmosphere, super fresh ingrediants, extensive salad bar and the meats were spectacular.
When next in Charlotte, this is my place to eat at!笑
A fine churrascaria experience awaits you at Chima.  Everything is top notch, from the decor to the meal to the service.

Prices are in line with those charged in other upscale Brazilian steakhouses, though the salad bar, while delightful, was not as flush with choices as I've seen elsewhere.  Not necessarily a bad thing, as it leaves more room sampling the 18 (or so) varieties of tasty morsels the small army of servers will bring to your table when you have your "feed me!" chip turned to display the appropriate signal.  Our experience was that everyone at the table was offered a portion, regardless of the yes/no position, as long as at least one person had signaled for more.

This is not the place for a quick meal.  Take your time and savor.  They make a pretty decent Caipirinha in the bar.

They lose half a star because the music from the bar (apparently very popular) competed a little bit with our dinner conversation.  Had we been seated downstairs, this might not have been a problem.  It wasn't obnoxiously loud, but it was obviously present.笑
My Fiancée and I went on Sunday afternoon during restaurant week around 1pm. This was a place we wanted to try for a while but the price always turned us off so this was a definite during Queen's Feast. 

Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and drinks and explained everything very well.  I was impressed with her enthusiasm and helpfulness.  Throughout the meal she and the wait staff were very attentive to our needs.

The Salad bar could have been a meal all on its own.  It featured standard fare as well as antipasti and soup.  The Creamy Vegetable Soup was insanely good.

The initial portion of our meal included Cheese bread and croquettes, which were hushpuppy-esq .  It also featured a turkey salad like side for dipping.  All items were very unique and delicious. 

Then came the meat.  I don't think I've had a better sirloin in my life.  The flank steak and ribs were also exceptional.  The chicken was somewhat dry and needed one of the many dipping sauces offered on the salad bar.  The sausage and pork loin were fine but I did not have more than one serving of each.

The Rodizio was served with Polenta, Mashed Potatoes and Fried Bananas for the table. The Mashed potatoes were creamy and delicious but the polenta texture and taste were like that of an old breadstick.  And come on, you can't go wrong with fried bananas.

The only glaring disappointment I had with Chima is that after about 20 minutes of nonstop Rodizio, it completely stopped.  Nothing.  People were looking around wondering what was going on. It was like this for a good period of time.  Our waitress asked if we wanted anything else and we stated we did, and it was brought over within the minute.  Everyone was very confused on what was happening. 

All in all this was a great experienced and we definitely got our money's worth. I am very excited to bring friends and family to Chima in the future for a unique dining experience in Charlotte.笑
Amazing service.. Food is great. This is the typical Brazilian rodizio where they keep rotating bringing you different cuts of grilled meat. This place adds a fancy twist to it with also a higher price tag. The service is very good and some foods I did not enjoy most was amazing笑
We came for a first-time double date with another couple. The experience is on par with other brazilian steakhouses and the general rule is you have a round chip that you flip to the orange side if you'd like more meat. Black side means no thank you.

I really enjoyed my meal here because of the attentive service, and the excellent quality of food we were served. My favorite cuts were the top sirloin (as other Yelpers have highlighted), the flank steak, and the pork ribs. I liked the ribs so much that I requested more from our waitress and she was nice enough to expedite the next round. The salad bar is also very good quality - selections included heart of palms, arugula, roasted artichoke, seafood salad (meh), quinoa and edamame, etc. I really enjoyed the salsa vinaigrette, which goes really well with the grilled steaks.

One thing we learned that was not super evident from the menu, is that you can get the swordfish and salmon that come around if you get salad bar only. For around $25, that is not an overly excessive/pricey meal. It's just if you get tempted by the smell of grilled meat, then be ready to shell out the full $50.

The only downside with our meal was that our conversations kept getting interrupted by the constant questions about whether we wanted more cuts. I'm not complaining, as it really speaks to their prime service, but this might not be a good place to come if you want to have lengthy conversations with your company.笑
My daughter and I had dinner yesterday and can I say it was very unpleasant from start to finish. This was my second time eating here and it was extremely different from my first visit. The price has gone iup to 49.50 they offer a $20 off coupon which is an absolute insult since they actually add an 18% tip to the bill whenever you use their coupon. We arrived at 5:25 for our 5:30 reservation and had to wait 15 minutes to be seated. It was another 20 minutes before we were approached with any meat offerings. When they did arrive, they would show up meat that had blood dripping for it. This actually made me nauseated after the third time. They need to really step up it up. My 13 year old said to me as we were leaving "Mom, I was not impressed".笑
This place is meat heaven!!!  Please note, starve yourself before going there.

I had dinner here with friends for Restaurant week since it was $30 per person.  What a great choice!  The atmosphere was fun and lively, with the whole staff being in a pleasant mood the whole time.  

They have a salad bar located in the middle of the dining area on the lower floor.  (I am not quite sure how the upper floor looks like.)  Their salad bar is very presentable with someone close by to arrange it quickly.  I definitely put a lot of prosciutto on my plate from the bar!  It was so delish!

What I love about eating Brazilian is that they walk the meat around the room so you have a wide selection of what you want to eat!  Again...meat heaven!  You are given cards that you flip for "Yes" I want food, or "No" I'm good.  Loved it!  My friend kind of learned the hard way not paying attention that her card was flipped to "No," so the meat guys didn't stop by her plate.  Details!  

I love this place and really recommend it for the meat lover.  Also try the filet mignon wrapped in bacon!!!  That was a specialty for Restaurant Week.  I'm drooling right now just thinking about this dinner!笑
Ehh okay- it is a chain and sort of buffet style but I feel the salad bar could be fresher and for the price I feel it could all overall be better or have more options. Don't get me wrong the meat is good. For the price I'd rather just have one good priced piece of meat. Also the bartender upstairs was not welcoming and had hardly any customers at the time. The bathrooms gross! I'd go again only because my partner loves all the variety of meat.笑
It was a great experience for our family (me, my wife, and two boys 10 & 12).  We went on a Sunday afternoon after church & bowling for an early dinner and we all loved it.  It wasn't as buttoned-up as I expected, so I appreciated the somewhat laidback feel -- perhaps it was just the day/time.  

The biggest annoyance was we were seated next to a "supply table" and waiters came by many times to open up drawers and get utensils -- so I'd keep that in mind and ask for another table if you get the "unfortunate table."

The salad bar was fantastic and the beef, pork, chicken, fish, lamb -- awesome.  They also were flexible in letting you re-request your favorites and we didn't have to wait long for our requests to be fulfilled.

We had two waiters -- and they would come in waves (disappear for 20 minutes, then both of them would appear), so it wasn't consistent - but they were friendly and helpful.笑
I was glad to find a Churrascaria  here when visiting on business. The atmosphere and service were great. The wine list was pretty good with a nice selection of S. American wines. Salad bar was good, but the meat - the most important part of the experience- was just OK. The seasoning was flat, and the beef cuts were a lower grade than I have found in other Brazilian steakhouses. It's worth the trip, but I had hoped for better.笑
I have a love/hate relationship with Brazilian steakhouses. I love all the food, but I had the way I feel afterwards from over indulging in the delicious meats! Chima is a prime example. 

It's definitely not your average date night restaurants, ringing in at close to $50/pp, But this makes a great special occasion restaurant choice. They're extremely busy on weekends, but luckily they take reservations (get those Open Table points, y'all) and they also have a ton of tables. 

The selection here is great --- the salad bar is vast. I cannot even begin to tell you the bounty that they bestow upon you. Luckily for you, they list most of their options on their website to glance over what you're getting yourself into. As far as the main reason you go is concerned, the rodizio style meats, they are second to none. Cooked to perfection, seasoned with purpose & sliced fresh table side, right onto your plate (if you didn't know, it's all you can eat too). 

I've never had room for dessert here because I'm too busy over-indulging in all the delicious food. Definitely a place to put on your Charlotte 'bucket-list'. If you're patient ... this is also on Queen's Feast/Restaurant week every July & January to save you some $$.笑
Nice atmosphere.   Enjoyed the swordfish and Tuna. Since I don't eat meat. Great salad bar.笑
My husband and I just celebrated our 26th wedding anniversary and Chima treated us like royalty.  Best service we have ever had in Uptown. We will definitely be back.笑
Went here for the first time during Restaurant Week and it was well worth the $30. The meats were fabulous and the salad bar was great as well. I would highly recommend it for anyone who wants to really impress a date or business associate. I will be sure to go again!笑
I would eat here every week if I could afford it, lol! This place is AMAZING and you definitely pay for what you get. The price is a little over 50 bucks per person but trust me the food is worth it. Please try the mashed potatoes!!! They literally melt in your mouth. The service is impeccable as well :-)笑
My husband and I love coming to Chima, but always make sure we have an appetite. We recently received a marketing email from them and realized it had been awhile since we had dined there. Every time we come the service is fantastic and food is amazing. 

Whenever I have clients, friends or family in town I always recommend this location.笑
Wonderful eclectic atmosphere. Food was delicious, though I dare say I would have like more pork products than steaks. The salad bar has a wide variety as well. I loved the little appetizers they brought over. The fried bananas are scrumptious. The wait staff was very attentive.  Valet parking is free after 6 pm.笑
I have been to a few Brazilian Steakhouse in my time.  I wasn't overly impressed.  

I skipped the salad bar, I had a salad (fought off the urge to go warrior diet) for lunch.  I heard people say the salad bar had some extra special things when asking others about their experiences, so I probably should have tried that.

We turned over our cards to green, and about a dozen guys snubbed us.  We even stopped one and he said he would be right back and never came back.  Never did find out what that was about.

The meat was good, but there weren't anything I remembered.  I think the lamb was one of the better pieces.  There was a parmesan chicken I think I liked.  I didn't seem to see any chicken hearts, I was hoping they would come around.  The waiter also informed me they did not have grilled pineapple, disappointment.

I also didn't check to see if they had Sangria, I am suspecting they didn't, I was eying other tables, but I may have been wrong.  They did have a decently stocked bar I thought.

The dessert list didn't really have anything that really looked appealing to me.  

In the future I'll probably pass on this place, maybe it's just me but it didn't do it compared to Espetus here in San Francisco.笑
Fair is fair.  I'm updating my review.  I recently had family in town and they wanted a Brazilian Steak house.  Since we don't have a Fogo De Chao or Texas De Brazil here I was forced to take them to Chima.  I'm happy to say that a non restaurant week experience was well worth the price.  The meats were far superior to what we had restaurant week as were the sides and the salad bar.  Not to mention you didn't have the unwashed masses bare handing food at the salad bar.  Service was also impeccable.  I'll definitely go back, but not during restaurant week :)笑
The service is wonderful, the food is delicious and you certainly get your money's worth. But, why the three stars, you ask? Why give this place a mediocre ranking when all signs point to something indicative of the average four star review? Well, at the end of the day, Chima is nothing more than an upscale Golden Corral. If it weren't for the ambient lighting of the expensive fixtures, the plating of the salad bar items, the tireless work of the wait staff and the dudes dressed as "gauchos" to give the place a more "authentic" feel, this would be your average, run of the mill all-you-can-eat smorgasbord for which middle America calls home one night out of the week. 

This place is for people who want the gluttonous experience of a buffet but without seeming too gauche. Thus, the luxury of expensive wines and a wait staff designed to pamper in order for you to forget the fact that just because you put lipstick on a Ryan's, it's still a Ryan's. No, everything here is to make you feel like you're Bacchus or, if you've got the personality, Caligula. 

In the end, was it worth it? Yes and no. Though I got to experience a perfectly cooked top sirloin, it came at the expense of eating a few other meats and feeling like I was about to be led to slaughter. The first few bites will make you feel like royalty but, by the end, you'll remember that royalty is pretty damn disgusting.笑
Restaurant week can go one of two ways... Restaurants can roll out the red carpet for the hordes that flock to their tables, often for the first time, excited to try a new spot without dropping a ton of money. Or, restaurants can turn Golden Coral, farming the same hordes through with no thought given to providing a positive experience that would encourage someone to come back. Unfortunately, Chima went the Golden Coral route. 

We showed up at 9:15pm for our 9:30pm reservation and were told it would be a 45-minute wait. When I questioned the half-hour wait on a reservation, I got a snotty, "Your reservation guarantees you a seat. It does not guarantee you a time." We should have walked out then and there. But nooooooo, Ted had to have all the meat. As warned, we received a text at 10pm that our table was ready AFTER dropping $25+ at the upstairs bar. I think this whole wait thing is a ploy to get you to spend money at the bar.  

Once seated, things did not improve. Our waitress explained the $35 versus $54 menus ($54 option included better cuts of meats -- filet, fish, lamb, etc.  and desert) and then disappeared. We couldn't have requested the upgrade even if we wanted to. Accepting our $35 fate (and after a visit to the salad bar which was the highlight of the night), we turned our chips over to "yes please" and waited. And waited. And waited. 10+ minutes after telling the gauchos we were ready for all the meat, a skewer of sausage showed up. I really wanted flank steak but, ok. Sure. I'll take a sausage. Who knows how long it'll be before another offering comes by. (5-minutes, BTW.) The sausage was just average -- flaming hot as if it had been microwaved. All of the meat was way over salted. I think it was intentional, to shut diners down and keep everyone from eating them out of house and home. 

Throughout the evening, out plates were not cleared and we never saw our original waitress until it was time for them to force the check on us. We told our waitress we were waiting on the flank steak and she assured us she would send it right over. No joke, 20-minutes later, we flagged down a buss boy, begging him for our check, and left $75 poorer. 

This wasn't our first time to Chima, but it was certainly our last. Honestly, I'd rather go to Golden Coral. At least they're friendly and attentive there with no waits! Seriously though, the salad bar was the ONLY thing at Chima that saved the night from total mediocrity. Oh! And I wouldn't be caught dead in Golden Coral. ;)笑
Would you like some meat, with your meat?

Went to Chima for the last day of restaurant week. Chima is a beautiful place, I didn't know how big it actually was, 2 levels...oo fancy. 

Our waiter was very informative, and took our drink order right away. We then started to the salad bar. There are a lot of nice options on there. Gorgonzola and grape salad, Cesar, and different cheeses and meats. I grabbed a lil bit of this and that till I thought I had enough and could still eat dinner. 

We also go the appetizers, of which the only one I liked was the cheese roll or muffin. The friend bananas were not consistent. The one I had was good, it was still firm, but my date got a mushy one. The polenta seems grainy and not the best I've had.

When the first round of meat came we were offered swordfish or salmon, and I got the swordfish. It was a little dry, and I wasn't expecting the mango topping it came with. It tasted like something you'd drink on the beach.

The best meats of the night were the top sirloin, lamb, and flank steak. Everything else was alright - like the little sausages which were a bit salty and hard (That's what she said!) The Parmesan crusted pork was dry and I never once saw the chicken guy walking around.

Overall I can say  went, but probably won't go again.笑
I was very pleased by the food and the atmosphere.  It fit the concept of the Brazalian steakhouses that I've been to.  The side dishes were awesome, and as I"m not much of a meat eater, that helped my enjoyment.  I;ll be back there next time I'm in Charlotte...笑
I came here last night and the food was fantastic. We arrived and almost left because although we saw numerous tables open, they said since we didn't have a reservation they couldn't guarantee us a table even if we waited all night. They said if a reservation doesn't show up then we could be put on a list to get a table. This was at 6:15 so I opened up Yelp, pulled up the restaurant, and made a reservation for 2 at 6:45. AMAZINGLY they had a table ::cough cough sarcasm:: I walked back up to the hostess who asked if she could help us again and said I'd like to check in for our reservation. She looked at me confused and I told her I just made a reservation for a table that apparently didn't exist since they were booked to capacity but then my name magically appeared on the list! 

The salad bar was "ok" but the meats and extra dishes they bring to your table is well worth it. They had 2 options for dinner I think because of restaurant week. The first was $31*ish and the 2nd $42. The first option included the salad bar and 8 meat options. The upgrade included everything plus salmon, swordfish, filet, bacon wrapped filet, beef ribs, and maybe the lamb? My other half LOVED the beef ribs and fish and I loved the filets. For me, someone who doesn't eat fish or lamb, would have been fine with the least expensive option. Honestly, I would have paid $35 for just the special top sirloin and the few sides they brought to the table (mashed potatoes, yuca fries, amazing roll things, and fried plantains.) I also really like the pork ribs. Their special drink was good but really tart and almost tasted like a sour margarita because of the lime juice. It has rum and no tequila but I would not order it again. There are much better drink options for the price. The dessert was also good but nothing special, we had the chocolate toffee cake.笑
This was my second time visiting Chima and both times were during Queen' s Feast. While waiting for the rest of our party, we went to the bar first. There is no happy hour during restaurant week so be prepared to pay normal drink prices. I got a Brazilian version of a mojito and my coworker got a glass of wine. When we did get to our table we were upset to hear there were wine specials. Had the bartender told us this earlier, we would have shared a bottle. 

Come hungry. I ate small bites throughout the day. The salad bar is amazing and includes meat and cheese. Honestly I could eat just the salad bar. The gorgonzola mousse is top notch. Of the items brought as appetizers and sides to the table, I enjoyed the cheese bread. Eat the polenta and fried bananas while they are hot. Once cooled down, they don't taste as good.

And finally meat! Once you flip your card, the meat service seemed nonstop and service was great. Our disappointment was that a fish wasn't included on the $35 menu. And also occasionally if only one person had their card flipped, the servers had a hard time seeing it, but we had a large party. My favorite was the lamb and the parmesan garlic pork tenderloin. Seasoning was a little salty but the meats were nice and tender. 

Overall it was a good experience and I'd probably come back during restaurant week since that's when I can afford it.笑
I'm not the biggest meat-eater and I'd go back.  I can go months without eating meat but some of the meat at Chima is really good.  The prime rib, pork loin, chicken, sausage, filet mignon and pork ribs  were all very good.  The lamb chop and beef ribs were not so much.

Their salad bar is absolutely amazing.  It is no ordinary salad bar.  They have all the vegetable you can think of plus more - calamari's, smoked salmon, cheese, pasta salads, soups, different kinds of bread and corn mousse!  I could've made my meal solely off of the salad bar.

And as most people mentioned - the service at Chima is amazing.  Everyone is very attentive and polite.笑
This was my first time eating at Chima's. I experienced several Brazilian steak houses outside of Charlotte. In a nut shell the interior, table settings & bar/lounge area was warm and inviting. The wait staff and restaurant manager was attentive. 

Now let's talk food. My meat favs were the beef short ribs, filet mignon and the salmon. 2nd place was the lamb. Surprised they did not have any chicken without any pork. There were a couple of meats that were a tad dry which was anything steak. The sides that were for the table  (cheese bread-good, mashed potatoes- over whipped & runney, plantains-good, meat cheese balls-ok). The salad bar had descents veggies and salads. Nothing to brag about. We weren't offered any dessert. Didn't know they had any until I read other customer reviews. 

Total for dinner per person w/ no tip $63. Question is would I go back, maybe.笑
I've been to tons of Brazilian and Portugese Rodizio in Newark, NJ and this is by far the best I've been to. My wife took me there as a surprise for my birthday and I can not wait to come back.笑
The service is poor, the meat flavor and the rodizio style are far from a brazilian Steakhouse..
You feels like they don't want serve meat.
$85 per person is to much for a dinner there...笑
I've been to the other Brazilian Steakhouse in Charlotte, and hands down it was much better than Chima's. 
Here at Chima's, I found most of the meats very salty. The ribs were not very meaty, and the flavor was just ok. The cheese crusted pork was dry, the bacon wrapped chicken was just ok, but again very salty tasting. 
Over all it was just ok for me. I won't be going back.笑
Yesterday I had one of the finest dining experiences while on business.  My server, Garrett, did an excellent job, suggesting the perfect wine and providing friendly, patient service, including how dining at a brazilian bbq works.  He always seemed to present himself at the right time to check on me and get anything I needed in a timely manner. 

The meat servers also were very enthusiastic and friendly always noticing when I was ready to be served.

Oh and the food was phenomenal too.  Ignore the pictures, they don't do the food justice.  Wish I had two stomachs.  Just be careful not to fill up on the appetizers to save room for the succulent, juicy cuts of meat.笑
I wish I could go here just for the salad bar.  This might very well be the most magical salad bar I have ever encountered.  But beyond that, this place is just overpriced.

For a normal dinner, it's $42 per person.  You get unlimited access to various kinds of meat (several types of steak, chicken, pork, and lamb).  They bring around the various types of meat and cut off a portion for you.  The meat is pretty good, but I really hated myself by the time I left.  I ate so much, I think I put myself in a meat coma.  I wanted to make sure I ate my money's worth.

That being said, their salad bar and bread were SO delicious!  I can't possibly say enough good things about the salad bar.  They have so many different types of salad and other items on it, including smoked salmon, beef carpaccio, artichokes, some sort of cracker dip, and much, much more.

During restaurant week, you can eat here for $30 (which restricts you slightly in the type of meat available, but not quantity), which is what we did.  This is probably the best time to eat here.笑
All that steak and not a single good cut to be found anywhere in this house.  After perusing all those in-flight magazines advertising for Brazilian steakhouses, I decided I would at least need to try it once.  As some of you may already know, I'm not the biggest fan of steak, but I know a good steak when I eat it.

It's a good idea, but it's really only an upgrade of Golden Corral and there's no real comparison to Morton's, Del Frisco's, or Capital Grille.  If you're spending over $40/pp you might as well get a premium cut, cooked to perfection.  Even if Chima used premium meat, the massive amounts needed to be served ruins any chance of being well-cooked.  Each slice of meat seemed overcooked, and if you wanted a more rare slice, it became flavorless as it just meant they took a slice closer to the center.

The salad bar was interesting and has almost everything, but is very little actual green salad options.  However, the gouda platter was pretty awesome.  Service is pretty good and they'll try to accommodate you, but since this is essentially a walking buffet there is very little individual attention.

2 stars at best.  Never again for me.  Good thing I wasn't paying.  Take your money to Capital Grille up the street for much better food.笑
Very good! For dessert I would suggest the chocolate toffee cake with vanilla ice cream!笑
Amazing meat - just don't eat all day and go there starved - as meat is just over the top and just keeps coming.  The salad bar is good (not great as advertised), but the dessert menu makes up for it.  I would definitely recommend, but save up for it - as it takes a big bite out of your wallet.笑
Food is good service is not. Rude from the front desk saying they lost our reservations during restaurant week to telling us they close the doors at ten so our remaining guest wasn't able to join our party. Overall not thrilled and wouldn't waste my money to go back.笑
Soo yummy! The service was great. We had several servers taking great care of us. And within 2 minutes of flipping over my coin, I had been offered 4 meats! Great salad bar too - a lot of unique items. Definitely will be back!笑
If you like meat, pork, lamb, chicken, beef, seafood, this is the place for you.  Salad bar was more my speed.  Appreciated that they had a Veteran's Day special & being a vet, my meal was free.  My friend loves this place so in the future will look to use restaurants.com certificates.  It is an interesting concept with an incredible price.  Definitely not an every day restaurant.  In Brazil, they have this down to a fine science & it is not as costly.  Tasty salad bar, ok on the meat, ambience was okay.笑
This was my first time at a Brazilian Steakhouse. Absolutely awesome. The service was awesome,servers were great. Even the chefs that brought the meat out we're super cool.Very nice atmosphere. Luckily, we caught them on restaurant week so it wasn't too pricey. My friend an I spent about $50 a piece after tip etc. I'd definitely return to Chima again.笑
I used to enjoy Chima outside of restaurant week as others have noted in the reviews. However, during this visit I was asked to remove my hat by the manager. Having dined in all of the finer places in Charlotte and abroad, I prefer to wear fashionable hats as a male for personal reasons. I have never once been asked to remove my hat on any occasion. This manager proceeded to approach every patron with any type of head gear and asked to have them removed. I could understand possibly sports caps or visors, that don't fall under the guise of "proper attire". However, that doesn't necessarily define "proper attire" which is vague. If the restaurant was adamant about a no headdress policy, it should be explicitly stated. I do not believe this is fair to individuals who have headdress for religious purposes, so there is a fine line. 

Regardless, it was an utterly ridiculous experience when my entire party had observed people wearing sports jerseys, shorts, flip flops, children running amok without proper supervision, diving into the salad bar unsupervised which is a sanitary issue. Yet, this woman was adamant that no hats of any kind should be worn. 

The menu offerings for queens feast were subpar and skimpy at this visit, as well as last winter. Save your money- and your fashion for venues that will receive you better!