Tim Hortons is good for what it is / was: a cheap place to grab a quick joe and donut to have on the go.

However more recently they've raised their prices far too high and have made their sandwiches and donuts far too small to make it worthwhile. Although it can be reaaallyy good on a super cold winter morning, I can't see how so many people have to head over to Timmies at least twice a day; once a week will do me fine.Ǿ
I'm not sure which Tim Horton's we went to, but followed our iPhone directions to the closest one walking from the Hockey Hall of Fame. On the way back to our car, we passed one a block closer. Anyway... 

On a freezing cold February visit to Toronto, and after hearing the hype, I told my boyfriend that getting a Tim Horton's coffee would definitely be on our to-do list (we're from Atlanta). Finally got around to it on our way out of town. The cashier lady didn't seem to speak English very well, or at least had a difficult time understanding us (we were probably talking too fast. Canadians seem to speak slowly.) I saw coffee and also 'vanilla coffee' on the menu board, four sizes (?), all very inexpensive relative to Starbucks. I asked if the coffee grounds themselves were vanilla-flavored, or did they use syrup. Not sure why I asked because either would have been fine, but her answer was something like 'powder.' Hmm. They gave us our drinks and we looked for the cream/sugar station - no where to be found. We asked another worker and he hesitated to give us Splenda saying it was already very sweet. Um... ok. Well, it turns out that "Vanilla Coffee" = "Vanilla Latte," very similar to the kind you can get at any gas station in the US out of a hot cocoa like machine. Ugh! It WAS VERY sweet and incredibly hot. We drank it, along with our sweet Canadian Maple donut, but left feeling ill, OD'd on sugar. 

I told my sister this story, who went to school in Niagara and is familiar with TH. At times she is passionately critical, and I don't necessarily agree with her, however this was her response: "Yeah, I should have told you, don't order ANYTHING from TH's, no flavored coffee, no cocoa, not frappe drinks, no donuts, JUST PLAIN COFFEE.  It's AWESOME, everything else straight sucks...."  Ugh.

Long story short, my Tim Horton's romance was not what I had hoped it would be. Figures. Had we had another day, I would have tried one more time and gotten a plain ol' coffee. Place is everywhere (I heard TH's locations outnumber McDonald's locations in Canada) and there are always people there day and night. Next time Tim - you will be mine!Ǿ
I'll never understand the draw to Tim Horton's. Is it the poorly made coffee, the frustrating staff, the processed sandwiches or the unsatisfying taste of their donuts? I'll just never understand the allure.

 I'm not picking this location out as awful, it's just near my work and I happen to frequent here with co-workers on breaks for a mid-day snack. I just don't get it. The only time I have enthusiasm for this place is the 'roll up to win' contest (which is fixed so the greatest prize you'll ever win is a free cookie), but in all honesty I just like gimmicks (rolling up the rim is wholesome fun!). 

So if you like Tim Horton's, please notify me of it's popularity. I honestly don't get it.Ǿ
i miss you, Tim. 
this long distance relationship is taking a toll on us. 
i mean, you're not even my type... i like savory cuisine over sweet.
you're too sweet, like giving-me-a-cavity sweet. 

my friends wanted to see you on that blistery-cold night. 
i obliged--- even though i knew you would be starry-eyed.

shhhhhhh. i know, i know. 
we could never work, but i crave for your fluffy body. (doughnuts)
your delicious liquids. (coffee)
your huge and manly windows. 
that hockey STICK you flash me. 

goodbye my lover.
goodbye my friend. 
you're the only one.... 
you're the only one for me.Ǿ
I thought this Tim Hortons was a nice store. The coffee was tasty, and honestly better than Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts. The croissant was tasty and the sitting area was nice, with big windows to people watch.Ǿ
The staff at this location is rude, but the food is good quality and the service is fast.