Epic fail.

Unbelievable really. 

Walked in on a Monday around lunchtime. Nearly no one there. Ordered a couple of chicken shawarma sandwiches and were invited to sit. And sit we did. And we waited. And waited. And waited. And walked away. 

How it would take twenty minutes to get shawarma is beyond me.

Don't waste your time.Ǿ
This is the worst place I have ever been to for shisha. It's run down and dirty and their shisha tastes like shit. STAY AWAYYYǾ
This is a shisha & shawarma place. Their shisha/hooka/whatever you want to call it, is pretty good. They give you more of the flavour than a lot of other places I've tried, and it's relatively well priced. I'm sure they're not the greatest, but they're not bad at all, and they have pretty quick service. If you order food, they will deliver to your table, even if you're new there. Definitely try the 2 for $8.00 shawarma's. They only have chicken, but it's still pretty damn good. So far, this is the best shawarma I've tried in the area, though I'm on the lookout for a better place.Ǿ
dude this restaurant really needs to cleen their shisha pipes, dirt dirt dirt, like crap the couches are nice i geuss but seriously i the dirty shisha pipes really make me cringe do they even change the water frequently. also it takes them wayyyy too long to make a damn shwarma 20+ minnutes. i really don't like how they have the same music track playying every time too, like ughhhh pitbull all day t__tǾ
The only good thing about this spot is that they're open 24 hours other than that the food , shisha, and environment are below average. Every time i pass by that place i feel so bad that its doing bad. Such a great location and space and has alot potential but its all going to waste.Ǿ
Been here few times.
Nice spat to grab a quick bit and/or relax with friends on one of their couches with your favourite shish flavor. Big enough so you don't get soaked by others puffing into you.

Shawarma is okay. Felt soggy and empty......decent service.Ǿ
It's dirty, dingy, and on the side of sket-CHY!. I'm not sure if this place even has a PASS. 

The place was rather empty when we went. [Disclaimer: We were here late and wanted shawarma. My boyfriend figured it was time to try a different place, and this place was it.] Only a few people were having shisha (all from the same table). There were a few other people in the corner playing pool and drinking beer.

The place doesn't appear to know what it wants to be. A bar? A shawarma place? A shisha place? An actual restaurant? Who knows with their setup! They have a few pool tables, coin-slot game machines, and a few tvs.  

The tables were not cleaned. There weren't any clean tables in the entire place. The restaurant owners don't appear to be very interested in the upkeep of the place, both in terms of customer service or the appearance of the restaurant. 

The service was slow. The people that work at this place were not rude, but appear to be rather apathetic. 

We sat in the patio. We ordered our shawarmas. The shawarma was not wrapped tightly enough, and was alright. It was warm, but taste-wise, I prefer the places in Greektown or the Lebanese places near Bathurst and Bloor.

Parking is rather odd. It appears as though they tried to fit in more parking spaces with the way it's set up. The parking is right in front of the restaurant/patio.

Would not come back. There are plenty of other places open late night.Ǿ
Don't know went the reviews are so low for this place.  This place isn't trying to be fancy so don't expect a fancy place for a shisha. This place has a bunch of flavors to choose from,  a pretty good menu to choose from if you are hungry,  and your usual of hot and cold non alcoholic drinks.  This place is good to just come relax and smoke. Just don't expect a fancy place.Ǿ
Very sketchy BUT the shisha is really good and the food is amazing! 
The owner is almost always there! Very friendly staff! 
Huge place with pool table and good music!
Big outdoor smoking patio!
On the weekends gets packed so go early!
Also forgot to mention open 24/7!!Ǿ
The shisha selection is quite bad, all we could choose from was strawberry and rose which both are very hard flavours and are really strong. The food my friend ordered a shawarma and the other got a burger. Burger was cold. Shawarmas were quite bad very soggy and cold. 

The service is very bad, and they are understaffed. No one will come to your table. And I swear there was a really big fat dead guy on the couch right in front of the entrance. He never moved an inch when we were there for couple of hours. 

Also the place is very dirty. 

Will not be coming backǾ
Good food, especially when the older lebanese chef is there. Friendly owner and staff. Prices are very reasonable (2 shawarma sandwiches for $6.99). Decent selection of shisha flavors. Must try the mixed grill platter. Very big place with run down furniture, I prefer the patio...