This place is definitely a hole in the wall. I do agree that the food is a bit pricey for being a local "Pho" spot but I would say the quality of their food makes up for it. Taro boba was delicious. Ordered egg rolls for appetizers and it was a bit different from what you would encounter at Pho Saigon. Crispier and smaller but indeed delicious. Second dish was the bun thit nuong which for those of you who don't know means rice noodles with grilled meat. I enjoyed this dish very much as it was very filling with the combination of meat and greens. Absolutely delicious. It is a new spot so it is clean and the server was extremely kind. Overall it is a solid establishment.. Definitely will come back to try different things on their menu!笑
Small amount for 8.99 alot more place out there that offers more to pay lesser. Seriously the broth dont have a flavor. Its my opinion i paid for it i tasted it and i didnt like it.笑
I've been passing this place by for awhile now and wasn't to sure how good it was. I'm really happy I stopped in and it's the perfect rainy day for some Pho soup! When I called in a friendly man answered and took my order and told me it would only take 10min. I order the House Special Pho with Oxtails for  $12.99 and a Thai Tea with boba. 
When I walked in I was greeted by a very friendly lady who had my take out order all ready to go and the total was $18 and change. 
When I got home I was very pleased with the amount of meat and size of the Oxtails. I read reviews from this place that people were not happy with the Oxtails but there is no complaint from me. Mine were a good size very meaty and melt in your mouth tender and I was given 2. The broth was excellent and I enjoyed it very much. I was given a good amount of bean sprouts, cilantro, limes, basil, and onions to put on the soup in my togo box which made me happy. For my to go box I have enough for 2 full portions so I will definitely be having the rest for my lunch tomorrow.  
My Thai tea was also delicious and a good size. Overall I'm really happy I stopped in. It's so nice to have a Pho on this side of town so I don't have to drive all the way across town. I'll definitely be coming back and trying some new things. 
I forgot to take a photo before I ate but remember when I was almost done with my soup. You can still see the size of my oxtail and that after I had starting eating on it! Definitely give this place a try.笑
My friend and I came for the Bun and Egg rolls.  Walked out with boba to finish off our meals.  Everything was delicious.  I'm not a big phô fan but I was hoping to find something else I liked...and I did.  Will be back for sure!  Service was very good.  Not a long wait.笑
Very good, authentic. Lemongrass chicken was a bit sweet. Pho broth was excellent, didn't sense excessive msg.笑
The pho  was delicious, and they have kids size pho! They're both very large portions. I had to take both home, but it tasted even better the next day. We will defiantly be returning. The owners are very nice as well, prices are great! Skip the trip to Chinatown, they brought it to us!笑
Yuuummmm!  We order the same thing every time we eat here and for a reason because it's so delicious!  I get the chicken pho and my husband always gets the house special pho.  Try the Lavender Milk Tea. OMG crazy good!笑
After a nice hike at the Wetlands Park, I decided to stop in here at noon on a Satuday. This is the closest Pho place to where I live, so I was hoping it would be a place to visit frequently.

Located in the Walmart shopping area on Boulder Hwy near the intersection of Nellis. Its in the northern part of the shopping area. I mention this only because the sign made me try the southern area first. 

The restaurant is very nice and clean. Seating for maybe 40. They had a young man out front taking orders. I went with an almond milk tea and bowl of Pho with rare beef and brisket. $8.50. No small or large bowl choice. 

The pho came out fast, the almond milk tea I had to request again because it was missed on the original order. The broth was fairly weak, maybe because they just opened and it hadn't had a chance to gain full flavor. By the end of the bowl the flavor improved. Good amount of noodles and meat.

Its not the best Pho in town. Its not the worst. Service was ok, the lady who runs/owns it is very nice. They do a lot of Grub Hub orders, I saw at least 6 when I was there.笑
Absolutely awesome service! I have never been so impressed with the courteousness of staff before.the food was also good - and the helpings were generous. Definitely going back next time I'm in this neck of the woods.笑
Decent bowl of pho. My guy and I have had this place on our radar for a while and finally decided to give it a try after feeling a little under the weather and craving a big bowl of mostly broth. We usually end up at a ramen place when we want noodle soup but you really can't beat a bowl of pho when hot broth is what you are craving.
When we entered the restaurant we were greeted and placed in a booth by a window. The parking lot is full of panhandlers and I was happy to get a seat where we could keep an eye on our car. We were the only two patrons until a man with a backpack showed up and insisted that he get a table by the door. The waitstaff wouldn't let him sit where he wanted and actually seated him at the table closest to the kitchen.  Our fellow diner sat for a minute and then left. I can understand the concern of the staff because there is quite a bit of activity in the parking lot but not so much in the businesses in the complex.
The service was pleasant, but I think because of the area, a little too attentive. 
The soup was hot, clear and tasty. It served its purpose, but I have had better. 
The restaurant was clean.笑
Barbecue pork and shrimp number 40 is the best. And try number 38  you won't regret it if you like pork.笑
Quick polite service. Food was tasty. Clean and quiet dining area. Standard pho place in vegas. I'll stop again when I'm on this side of town.笑
Seems like a family run business which is like most pho restaurants. The young boy who seated and served us had no character. Almost robot like. His older sister who came in later actually seemed like she knew what she was doing. But all of my reviews on Asian restaurants are never based on customer service. 

So, as far as the food goes, there were barely any pieces of steak and tendon and my broth tasted almost black licorice like. Price wise it was average about $8 for a small bowl. The Vietnamese iced coffee was good but can't really mess up on that too much. I was hoping for a home run with this place since its so close to my house but I was sorely disappointed. Guess I gotta keep trekking across town to find the perfect pho.笑
Second time eating here in 3 days, so you know it's got to be good!  First time we did lunch, arriving a bit after the normal lunch hour. The service was great, friendly, and quick. One of us ordered the acclaimed oxtail pho, the other ordered thin sliced beef pho. Both were amazing. The oxtail pho was as advertised; full of meat that fell off the bone and an amazing broth that complimented it perfectly. This was so worthy of the few extra bucks. WOW! The thin sliced beef pho was also yummy. The meat was flavorful and the perfect portion to the noodles. We loved the fact that the side dish of fresh limes, basil, etc. were REALLY fresh. Many pho places give you a plate of sad looking add-ins, but not Pho T. All fresh and really delish!  For $2 we added a plate of steamed veggies: carrots, cabbage, and broccoli. This was the perfect way to add some veggies to our soups. We loved that they offered this side!  

Last night we popped in for dinner and landed right at the dinner rush, lots of tables filled and carry-out orders being placed. Gotta say that the service was slow, but heck we were in no rush and the waiter was doing his best and apologized for the wait time. On this go round we had the fresh spring rolls which were done perfectly and served with an amazing house peanut sauce. We also ordered the House Special Fried Egg Noodles (soft) with Beef, Chicken, and Shrimp, and the Bun Vermicelli with Lemongrass and Chili Beef (mild spicy).  Both of these dishes had ingredients that were fresh, flavorful, and not tough (beef in both dishes was done to perfection). The Bun included an amazing addition of fresh pickled veggies, along with the standard ingredients and this added an additional WOW factor!

Small shop, family run, great service, and really, really, good food. What's not to love?!笑
My first time ever having pho I think it was pretty good. I would go again. The server was nice and the restaurant was clean.笑
Wife and I ate here twice in one week. The second time we brought our kids. We Love having a Pho restaurant on the east side. The food was great and the staff was wonderful and delightful. I appreciate that they keep the drinks full and attentive to the customers. In the front of the Super Walmart shopping plaza, just next to the Chase bank. We are pleased to have a closer to home Pho house. Get Pho'd Up! Tell them MO sent you!笑
Good Pho!  And I like their tofu!笑
I ordered the pork chops rice dish and got the sliced pork dish. The spring roll sauce was watery and not as tasty, and I got no napkins or utensils for my rice. This was a to go order. The sliced pork had no flavor what so ever, I've eaten here before and it was okay not anything great but this time was absolutely horrible. Won't waste my money here anymore.笑
I've been meaning to go here and the cooler Vegas weather gave me the perfect reason. 

This little hole in the wall pho place was A okay. It's a Vietnamese restaurant so they have other dishes besides pho. They didn't have any sandwiches though which kind of sucked.

So to the pho. I got their pho dac biet with oxtail. This was $5 more than the regular pho dac biet $8.95 and came out to $13.95. It came with a good amount of noodles and meat, but I was disappointed in the oxtail. It wasn't cooked properly. the meat was not tender and it only came with 1 piece of oxtail. $5 more? Thumbs down in my book. I would have stuck to the regular pho dac biet and saved $5. I wound up taking the oxtail home and throwing it in to the pot of pho that was being made at home.

The broth was very good though. That's the main reason I'm giving them a high rating. It's the perfect balance of beefiness, saltiness, spices, and a hint of sweetness. 

We also got their egg rolls and spring rolls which were $5 each. These were okay-unremarkable. Nothing special.

The place is definitely a family owned hole in the wall. I didn't like the seats, but the workers were really welcoming and sweet. The booths were pretty small and uncomfortable though. 

I would definitely recommend this place for a quick bowl of pho outside of china town. Their broth was enjoyable and so was the staff. I can only suggest the pho though as everything else we tried was okay.笑
I don't eat a lot of Vietnamese food but every so often I get a craving.  I know there are many places in the valley to get my Vietnamese fix but none that are close to where I work or where I live.  But I found Pho T to be about half way between work and home and decided to give it a try.

I was impressed with how clean this restaurant is.  I noticed right away that it is a smaller but very nice restaurant that was nearly spotless.  I came in around 4:00 in the afternoon and it wasn't very busy so perhaps they had time to clean.  Given that it was not busy, I was greeted almost immediately by a very friendly hostess.  She took my order and told me it would be about 5 mintues.  Wow, that is fast service.  Works for me.  I was headed home and just wanted to get there with my meal.  The sooner the better.

I ordered Bun With BBQ Pork and Egg Rolls.  It is basically what I get at another Vietnamese place I've been to a few times.  There is something about the cold rice vermicelli noodles I need to have.  The salad underneath, the egg rolls and pork are just bonuses.  Though I have to say the pork was really good.  Smaller pieces than what I am used to in similar dished but very tender and a little sweet. With the house made fish sauce for dipping (also doubled as a salad dressing), the pork picked up a whole new set of flavors.  Maybe a big of anise which is not always a good thing for me as I am allergic.  This was just a light flavor and did not give me any side effects.  I am thankful for that.  Over all, I was impressed and satisfied. 

There are a couple of things I was not entirely happy with.  I found one piece of pork that was mostly just fatty gristle.  One piece of the bunch was not too disappointing.  Also, the egg rolls were pre cut when placed in the box. I would have preferred them left intact.  They cooled off too much by the time I got home and got a little chewy.  The taste was on point so I am sure had I eated them fresh they would have been awesome.

I might be back to Pho T to answer that craving again in the future.  Perhaps I'll even get adventurous and try something else.  I may even dine in so I can experience all the food more fresh than I can taking it home.  For now, I am set on my Vietnamese for a while.笑
Super friendly staff. Very happy to explain dishes and sauces to those that aren't familiar with Vietnamese food...or if you were too intimated to at other places. 

I had the lemongrass spicy beef cold noodles. Very yummy.
My partner had the oxtail pho, and she said the oxtail was very meaty and tastes like beef (and not fat).

We also shared a stir fried rice noodle with beef, and we couldn't stop shoveling it in our mouths fast enough. The fried springrolls  were OK (only gave us a couple lettuce leaves and mint, but were very happy to bring us cilantro & basil when we asked). 

The Vietnamese iced coffee was nice and strong, just like it's supposed to be.  We will definitely be back, especially since it is so close to home.笑
The server doesn't know what he was doing.  I ask him for water with lemon he gave me Lime with my water.  Later on I ask him if I can substitute my vegetables for rices on my soup he said yes but they have to charge $1.50 don't understand what the whole point of substitution if I'm still getting charge for the rice. Toward the end I ask him if I can top my pho with little bit of broth he than telling me he is going charge me $3 for it.  Thank god for the girl who worker there I didn't get charge. I don't recommend this place horrible server who doesn't know what their doing.笑
I was looking for a PHO place close to home and tried this place. I took TO GO oxtail pho special. It was really good. Most pho places I notice their broth is really oily and fatty and upsets my stomach but this place was great. Their broth wasn't like that and the oxtail was tender. I like how they give you an option to have oxtail with the regular stuff pho has (beef and meatballs). Staff was also very nice. The boba was really good too, we had mango and strawberry, both rich and tasty. Will definitely come again.笑
Service was extremely slow. We waited about 25-30 minutes to even place an order. The egg rolls came out after the food. We had to request the spoon and condiments for the pho. 
The food quality was average at best. All dishes were bland and tasted the same. Mine came cold but they quickly warmed it up for me. It beats McDonalds but proves the east side is starved for good spots to eat!
Napkins would have been nice!笑
I had to rate 3.  I love the service they provided, I say it was much better customer service than most Asian restaurant. People were nice.  However, the soup was so weak flavor..  It could be I was too long to wait to have Vietnamese's restaurant in east side...

If they serve Vietnamese sandwiches it will be plus.笑
Love the Pho and beef soup. Large serving great staff. Will go again and again. Egg rolls very good.笑
FUH  ACROSS THE STREET FROM SAM'S TOWN

Unlike having pho (fuh) anywhere on Spring Mountain, the audience here is more diverse ethnic wise. That's a positive sign of cultural acceptance. Some actually ordered their meal in Vietnamese.  A most polite young man of mixed ethnicity takes our order:

#24.  Rice w BBQ Pork Chop, Pork Skin, An Egg ... more like chargrilled pork chop. My hunger factor may have influenced my judgement of taste and quality of the pork chop.  When I'm fainting hungry, sometimes everything that lands in front of me looks and tastes like galloping gourmet.

#18.  House Special Pho with Oxtail ... translation:  Pho Dui Bo Dac Biet ... comes with very fresh bean sprouts, basil, sliced green chili pepper and an exceptionally large wedge of lemon.  Thin slices of tender beef, sliced tendons and well trimmed stewed oxtail.  Little lite on the volume of rice noodle.  Yu-go was dumpster diving towards the finale but remained content.

Boba servings are in tall tumblers at every table except the one we sat at.  The sugar in these concoctions will do you in like a zipline on Fremont Street.

Unbeknownst to us, there was a 10 % off for lunch items of $5 or more. That more than covered my fuel cost.笑
We had the seafood pho and vegetable pho. Be aware vegetarians - no veggie broth. That was the only flaw. The staff works hard and the food is delicious!笑
Great service. The server was really thoughtful and soft spoken. I really liked my oxtails soup. The bowl was big enough and filled all the way. There were 3 oxtails in it, one huge one and two small ones. The soup was super clear and full of flavors. The soup was especially light without full of oil floating and had a depth of flavor. I really liked this place definitely recommend for those who live far from Chinatown.笑
I went to pick up food today after work. I'm quite sick, so there's nothing better than a nice bowl of soup and some fresh spring rolls. Mm. 

I walked in, not busy, but clean and very prompt service. They don't have the sandwiches on the menu which makes me sad, because those are my favorite. Maybe I should have asked. But I'm in a hurry and I need soup damn it! The lady at the front is very nice and friendly. She was so surprised I tipped her 6 bucks. I guess people are stingy on this side of town. Smh.

Anyway, on to the food. The spring rolls are super good and fresh. The pork inside is really thick and the flavor really comes through. Not packed as tightly as others, but really. Who cares. They're great. 

Next, the fried tofu. Extremely hot. Perfectly fried. The taste by themselves is actually delicous. The sauce that comes with it, the first thing you smell is lemongrass(?) and pepper. It's tangy but not too much so, and savory and delicious. It comes with a TON of peices of tofu. 20 peices to be exact. It doesn't look like it comes with enough sauce but it was just right for me. You may want to ask for a lil extra if you're a sauce or dip fiend. But it is very potent.

Next. The pho. I got the brisket. The broth was decent. Lacking something, however. Plenty of brisket that melted in your mouth, it had an amazing flavor. Lots of green onions and cilantro just the way I like it. The pho itself, to me, was a solid 3.5...it almost wasn't salty enough? I'll be back again to try the seafood pho. My one true love.

All in all, this place is great and I'll definitely be back seeing as its very convenient to my work and where I hangout. (And no, I'm not a boulder Highway hooker. Rude.)笑
Giving this new find a 4 star. It's right across from Sam's town and next to Chase bank on Boulder Hwy. It is not. Hard place to get to.
The establishment is clean and we were the only patrons when we arrived so we were sat right away. I felt rushed in ordering our food by our host. My friend was ready to order but I was not, deciding if I want to have Pho in this hot day or if I want Boon (rice noodle meal). She took my friend's order and since I was not ready, we suggested that she come back for mine. This was the only irking situation that I experienced at Pho T, the rest was good. 
I ordered Pho with steal, brisket, & shanks, #4 on the menu and the food was good. It was very delicious and flavorful. It was not too onion-ny. In fact, the balance of the onion taste was just perfect. We also had eggrolls. There were four in one order, we've had more in some Vietnamese restaurants but since the eggrolls were flavored great, I can bypass the quantity of the pieces in the order. 
I will come back for future Vietnamese food fixes and it's a place that I recommend to others. Just try to decide fast what food you want to order otherwise you'll have to make your host come back when you've decided.笑
So I've been waiting to try this place when I spotted it months ago. It's convienent not too far from home but ...... A Vietnamese place in the Eastside ? Genius ! Especially since there are none on this side of town. 

It was a hard choice between this place and In N Out but we ultimately decided on Pho since were trying to go to places we haven't tried before. We came and there were about 4 tables occupied. A week after opening their doors , nice to see them picking up business. We were greeted and seated immediately and recieved our menus upon sitting. Our waitress Jan looked very young but was very professional and super friendly and got out drinks super quick. We already knew we were trying pho so our choices were easy. 

Upon going over our menu we noticed some items scratched out in sharpie. If I was the owner I would have the menus redone and those items taken off. Looks a bit tacky but this place is still working out the menu and probably going through trial and error so no biggy. I was surprised that tendon was not on the menu. I am a simple girl and always go for rare steak. Sometimes I switch it up and get brisket and rare steak , but the boyfriend likes pho with all the meats including tendon so that's why I asked. She informed me they're still working up there menu.  All pho is one size. So no worrying about small or large. If you're extra hungry maybe just order extra noodoo. Get it. Noodoo. Lol ! 

Spring rolls came out first and quick too ...

Spring rolls - Charsui & Shrimp with noodles lettuce and basil wrapped in rice paper. Really fresh and shrimp wasn't too shrimpy. Other places where I felt like the shrimp had a shrimpier ( yes I made that word up )  not fresh flavor to it. Everything wasn't tightly packed like they had been premade and sitting in a fridge for a while. Peanut sauce was yummy too ! 4/5 stars 

Every place is different with their broth. Overall the broth had a good flavor and was piping hot and comforting. It had a slightly sweet flavor I noticed. Not to sweet though. 

P6 - Pho with beef balls and brisket and flank - generous portion of meat and noodles. 

P2 - Pho with rare steak. Call me plain jane but I enjoy a simple bowl of pho with rare steak with extra cilantro and green onion. They definitely put enough meat. Other places I have finished the meat and left with only noodles and broth. I finished my noodles first which means they probably could have added more but I stil had plenty of beef left. I asked for extra cilantro and green onion because there just wasn't enough for my liking. 

We also ordered egg rolls but after our soup came which we should have ordered first. The egg rolls came with 6. Piping hot and crispy. Could have came with more lettuce and daikon but it's ok. Also the lettuce pieces should be a tad but bigger because some pieces did not fit around the egg roll and was hard to eat. The boyfriend eats them without the lettuce so I had enough. 

If you live on this side or in the Henderson area give this place a try. Fixed my pho craving and I left happy. They still are working the kinks out but I gotta give them credit. Get pho'd up !笑
My mother absolutely loves it here & insisted on taking me here. We enjoyed their pho, seafood fried rice, & stir fried noodles. I've only been twice but from what I've tried the food is delicious & the staff is friendly & efficient. I'd also like to specifically thank Tammy for providing such great service towards my mother & I!笑
My Family loves this place! We usually get it to go and put it together at home and have gotten it at least once a week for the past 3 weeks. My son is 10 and can't get enough of the chicken Pho. I like the either the flank and tendon or raw beef and tendon. My wife likes the Chicken Pho, as well and we both like the egg rolls. Haven't tried the Boba yet and any of the other dishes. The service is friendly and polite.

I did try the wings and found them to be dried out by the time I got home. Sauce was good, it was just overdone. Not a big deal and still won't stop me from trying the other items on the menu in the future!笑
So far 3 visits, one take-out experience. Pho Ga (Chicken) not on menu, but accommodated when requested. Portions small, and food $1-2 more expansive than most. Good spring roll, not worth stir-fry flat noodle, pho so-so. Service need a lot of training, like remembering to provide utensils at table or in takeouts. The place has no competition 4 mi. radius. It may either succeed or go out of business is next two years or less if they don't improve their business method. Good luck.笑
I have had this place on my radar to try and I was running late last night so I stopped in after 7:30pm.
It is a small establishment sitting across from Sam's town, easily overlooked.

I was promptly greeted upon entering and sat right down.

Ordered spring rolls and a house special pho.

Finally a spring roll as I would expect a spring roll to be, fresh and you could taste the herbs.
Tried the sauce, it was a little thick for me, but it had that thai peanutty flair.

The pho came out quickly, only had half a spring roll eaten by this point, and it was nice and hot and came with all the expected accessories.
I put some sauce on my plate, never in the bowl and after putting in the sprouts and basil and mixing gave it a try.
The broth was flavorful, not the greatest pho but not chicken stock either.

I used the sauce on the tendon since I didn't really care for the texture, never had that before, but everything else already tasted great and was eaten straight.

Good flavors, attentive server, decent prices (the oxtail pho seems pricey) and quick service will bring me back.笑
Came here to get some food to go. I ordered spring rolls and asked them to take out the pork but they didn't. Didn't give us any eating utensils and didn't give us the hoisin sauce to go that we asked for. Food was alright笑
Our go-to spot for Pho, great food, great staff.  Their pho, whichever one you decide to get is very delicious, the bun meals are my favorite (vermicelli bowls).笑
I had the spring rolls with peanut sauce for appetizer.  It was delicious and light.  For entrée, I had the rare beef and brisket pho.  The broth was light and flavorful.  The meat were perfect texture, tasty and cooked.  The vegetable condiments for the pho balanced well.

My mom had the pan-fried rice noodles with shrimps.  She liked it a lot and finished the dish.  She never finishes a meal at a restaurant.  I had a taste of it and it was flavorful.

I would definitely come back when I'm in town.  I would try other dishes.  Lastly, great service.笑
I personally enjoyed the pho here. I usually get the house special with extra noodle. The only real problem is that we order our drinks first, wait for them to return to order the food, get the food, then halfway through the meal we finally get our drinks. Every time. Sometimes we get smoothies, which I understand can take a minute,but a friend got the strawberry lemonade and it still took that long.笑
It's good to have pho on the east side. 

I had the house special pho with oxtail. It's basically all the meat that's available on the pho menu, and they add one oxtail. Honestly... the oxtail was wack, but everything else was pretty solid. My oxtail didn't have a lot of meat and it had a sort of tough texture. 

Overall it was a good place. Friendly people, good customer service, all the works. Next time I'll just get the house special pho without oxtail.笑
Ordered Pho Ga' to go for the first time. It was wonderful. You could taste ginger and spices. Also ordered spring rolls,too they were excellent. We will definitely go back. 
FIVE STAR RATING.笑
Service was really slow but there weren't a lot of servers on Saturday night. it was difficult even to get a cup of water. You must get the fried rice with the variety of meats because it is so delicious. The Pho had a lot of flavor and it was delicious. Pho from Southern California is really cheap but this place was still good even though it's a little pricey.笑
My husband loves the oxtail soup. I love all of them. The egg rolls rolled up in the lettuce with veggies and dipped in the sauce is yummmy!笑
Got the number 48..cant pronounce it but it was delicious and healthy too!!
Like the service, place was clean (which is as important as anything)
Price was reasonable, will go again very soon.
Great place for lunch.笑
The broth on the pho was a bit weak, but the service was wonderful! I will be back, I love pho and I will go back and check it out. I am looking forward to trying the oxtail pho on my next visit. I am super excited they are on this side of town. Resturant is very clean and nicely decorated, plenty of yummy things on the menu.. Humm, now I want pho!笑
My favorite Vietnamese dish is bun. I like it with chicken, with tofu, with egg rolls. I just like it. Today I had bun with egg rolls and j can tell you that the bun here is excellent! Great service, terrific food, good prices. How much better can it get?笑
The service was great: friendly and attentive. Tammy, the server, was incredibly observant and accommodating. The place looks new and very clean. 

I had the oxtail pho and ordered the shrimp fried rice to go. I would give the food a 4 star (I like my oxtail a little more tender but would still get it again) but the service blew me away, especially for an Asian place ... So it's earns a 5 star rating from me.笑
I really wanted pho but I couldn't find a place that delivers so we got to go through the Seamless app.

Pho had a great flavor and came with plenty of meat, bean sprouts, and cilantro.  Egg rolls were beef, kind of small, but you get four to and order.  Husband got the rice noodles with beef.  Sauce had a great flavor that really enhanced the beef. 

Will definately order from here again, this place is way better than other asian delivery in our neighborhood.笑
Service was good. We ordered 2 of their special pho $9 a bowl, a bit pricey for Vegas. Broth was very bland and had a beefy/gamey smell. 2 or 3 meatballs, 3 pieces of overlooked rare steak, and 3 pieces of the well done steak, no tendons or tribe. Noodles were still a bit firm, not cooked all the way. The basil and bean sprouts were very clean and fresh. Seems like more of an Americanized pho place. Don't think I will be back.笑
I love this place...I eat here 4-5 times a week.  I'm not a huge Pho connoisseur, but I have had Pho at several locations, to include Chinatown and this ranks right up with the best. 

The vegetables and all the food is always fresh and the service is exceptional.  The restaurant is always clean.  This is a plus due to the location.  

The only downside is Vegas' Boulder Hwy transient population frequently move through the parking lot, but I have never had a problem inside the restaurant. The owners do a great job keeping them out and their customers comfortable.  This obviously does not detour me from eating here.  

If you live close or just coming through the area I recommend stopping by and trying PhoT.笑
I stumbled in here one day. I live near the Eastern area but wanted to try a new place out and didn't want to drive to Chinatown. I think I should have. This place wasn't horrible but for a slightly higher price than other places, the food wasn't up to par. The pho broth lacked in pho flavor. The spring rolls were 2 rolls for $5 and were average. I don't think I'll be back. I'll stick to what I know on Eastern.笑
I will definitely definitely be back! The restaurant it's clean and cozy. The smell of the food greets you at the door and you are greeted warmly by the staff. The staff was very nice, warm, prompt. I ordered togo and in the short time I was there I was ready to plan my next meal there just based on the service and wonderful staff. I ordered spring rolls with peanut sauce which looked so delicious I ate them before i remembered i needed to picture. I also ordered chicken pho with egg noodles, it was so delicious they give you plenty of food I couldn't finish it all in one sitting. It is definitely comfort food and i will definitely be back for more!笑
I ordered take out, and have been in a few times. I had pho with rare beef and tendon, and some rice noodles with beef. The noodles with beef is Chinese chow fun, and I found it to be tasty. On the other hand, the pho broth was weak, I did doctor it up to enhance the flavor. I also wish the pho came with more meat, but what was there was good. 

Ordering (on the phone because Grubhub only takes credit) was easy, and the food prepared and packaged appropriately. 

It's not the best pho, but it's the closest and will do when I don't feel like driving to Chinatown. It's more pricey than Chinatown, but there's really no competition so they can get away with it.笑
I was really excited to find this spot on this side of town, close to my house. Got the house special pho, but the broth was kind of lacking in flavor I think. I guess its good enough for a quick fix during rainy days.笑
Theyre pho is good but not great. The spring rolls are really great and the service was great. I like it but it wouldnt be my first option.笑
As a Vietnamese, I rate this place 1/10. Overpriced, low quality meat, number of slices of meat count on your fingers.
During finishing our payment, there was a lady who walked in to order a bowl of Pho but maybe she didn't know exactly what will be in the bowl, when they brought it out, she saw one of the meat that looked like fatball so she wanted them to make another one for her. Instead of saying sorry or saying that they will fix it, their attitude toward the lady was so rude. The waitress (maybe also be the owner) showed that she didn't want to make another one for her customer, and she came to the back to talk to the guy who prep food, and I heard he said in Vietnamese to her which means "next time when you see her face, don't let her go inside or force her to go away, what a bitch"
If you expect to have good customer service and good food at any Asian restaurant, look for some Asian reviews and trust them, you won't be wrong.笑
Great pho!!  I really enjoy visiting this restaurant. It is just as good as the places in China town笑
5 bucks for 4 small egg rolls - tasted ok but not worth $5

Spring rolls- 2 small rolls for $5, not worth it.

Buddy got the house pho and just by looking at it I knew it wasn't good. The beef should be raw and dunked in the broth to cook to your liking. It was fully cooked and the rest of the ingredients looked terrible. I tried the broth anyhow, it was super sweet. Not pho broth at all. On top of that it wasn't really hot either. Why do these idiots serve warm soup?

I had the pork chop rice dish. They didn't give me a pork chop but rather the small pork cuts for other dishes. I requested pork chops and sent it back. they just removed the pork meat and put the pork chop over my egg to warm it up a little. No side soup or meatloaf with the pork chops and they charge 11 bucks for it? Wtf, the portions were small also. I was still hungry after eating half the spring rolls and egg rolls. 

The fish sauce was so generic plain. I won't be returning.笑
I'm always trying new phö places around Henderson and Las Vegas and came across this restaurant. They have a lot of phö options and also have two sizes (small or extra large). Although I was pretty bummed to find out they charge an extra $6 for the extra large; but it is a pretty large portion. Broth is flavorful and they are generous with the sides you get.笑
It's a good spot to get a pho fix on the east side. Owners really care for their customers!笑
I love it here cause food is great and services is fast. Not waiting forever to be seating. The workers are awesome and the food is bomb.com. Great prices and great portions.笑
we been to lots of Vietnamese restaurants and this one is at the top of our list here now. Reasonable prices and great quality food. Fully recommended !!!笑
I'm 6'2, 275lbs, and love to eat. This plate made me full, and there was still left overs, very rare.笑
Went here one night for a bite to eat since it's close to our house, it is very bad Vietnamese joint to eat at. Their Pho has no flavor and they didn't refill our waters until we were done with our food. Never going back.笑
I'm very happy there is a pho place on this side of town,  and this place is great!  The only down side is they only have 1 size pho. It's a family owned family operated restaurant and the food is great. I'll be going back often笑
Great food, staff and owner are very pleasant. Will come back here for their house special pho, house special fried rice, dessert and boba.笑
Great place, fair prices and extremely fresh produce. Have eaten here over a dozen times and have never been disappointed.笑
UoI don't usually write yelp reviews, but I gotta write one to warn other people about this place. This place is a total rip off. 

We got the green tea matcha, it was filled with ice. Literally, my boyfriend finished it in 5 gulps. We complained to the lady, and she told us no free refills. 

That's super petty to rip customers off like that, instead of just giving good service. I get it if there's ice in it, but it literally was packed to the rim on purpose. 

I kinda wish I got a picture of it before it was taken away. 

For the price I was paying for noodles, it was bland and you could literally have a way better meal for that price. The soup literally looked like water. 

I'm not the one to usually complain, I just really hate it when companies rip you off on purpose, and when you catch it they just turn around and do nothing. 

Anyways, won't ever see me going back there again.笑
OMG! Pho T is fantastic. I absolutely love the clean taste of the broth and the smooth texture of the Beef Ball. Fresh Herbs and jalapeños top it off for one of the best Pho's I have ever eaten. Good Job, well done guys!!!笑
This is a new pho place in our area so we decided to try it out. The service is terrific, hence the 1 star, but the food not so great. We were greeted and seated right away. Ordered egg rolls as the appetizer, hubby got pho and I got cold noodle dish.  The pho was sweet and had a flowery taste, the cold noodle dish was average, but the egg rolls were really good - only wish they had come out first as it was the appetizer. Manager was very apologetic and said they were still working kinks out. May give this place another chance since service and egg rolls were delicious and service was good.笑
Really, I mean really?  $14.00 for a bowl of house special oxtail pho? And I am a food whore and big spender when it comes to food.

I was really disappointed to be honest.  The bowl was small, the beef that came with the special pho was super duper cooked and chewy.  For $14.00, just 1 oxtail bone and it wasn't even cooked properly...it was not fall of the bone cooked...gross!

I also ordered the seafood chow fun...man, oh man, no bueno.  2 shrimps, a couple of fish balls, and 2 pieces of imitation crab on top of a small dish!  Would it hurt to add some more seafood, since you're already making s profit?

I ordered a chicken chow mein to go along with my food that I was eating here.  The waitress asked if I wanted peanuts sprinkled on top of my chow mein, I said no.  WTF did I come home with?  F'n peanuts on my chow mein.

Here's a tip....stop talking and socializing with the cashier, and pay attention.

No Happy Eating here!

My fellow yelpers, you have been warned.笑
Finally, a place to get some Pho! We have been in Florida through the winter and slowly working our way back to Washington. Been looking for a Pho place all along our route. Never found one.

Small little place in a strip mall, plenty of parking. No nonsense decor and seating. We came in when it was over 100 outside and they did not have any air conditioning going. Not sure if it is broken or if they are just trying to save money.

We ordered one chicken pho with extra noodles and one rare beef. My husband also ordered a Vietnamese iced coffee. The coffee came out and it was almost black it was so strong. He loved it. Our noodle bowls came out quite a bit later. Huge portions, but then they did seem quite expensive. Nice sized servings of bean sprouts, thai basil, limes and jalapenos.  Very good broth.

If you like pho, go ahead and give it a shot.笑
They didn't give much broth and it isn't even warm.  The whole point in getting pho is to have the soup hot not room temperature. This is the first time and last time I'm ever going here. Not satisfied at all笑
Such a great local restaurant on the East side of Las Vegas. Good food and great people. Even though the location isn't too great, it's such a convenience for me on my side of town instead of going all the way across town (which takes 30-45 minutes to get across the strip) just for some pho. I enjoy being a regular here!笑
The host was very nice, and the food was great!  
we'll be back again soon.笑
First thing, I'm so happy there's finally a pho  restaurant on the east side :) first time there, heres what we noticed.

Cons:
- Strong smell of trash in restaurant, almost unbearable
- Our server brought our waters with his hands on top of the glasses. My husband and I are both servers. BIG NO NO. just gross. Also, when we asked for soup spoons, his hands were all over that and placed it on our plates of veggies with his hands touching my ready to eat food. Ugh!
- 5 minutes after ordering, was told that they were out of the oxtail pho so I just ordered the pho tai.  Pretty bumming since I was really excited about the oxtail, one of my favorites but never had it in pho. Oh well.
- Drinks went empty quick. Didn't get refills until we asked when our check was brought over. 
- We were charged for the oxtail pho. It was fixed but the checks are just handwritten so it just has the total. No tax detail or anything.
- Staff was loud and unprofessional. One of them had their friend or boyfriend coming in and out. They were all just hanging out and chit chatting...you got time to lean, then you got time to clean! They also started talking about patrons as they left. I wonder what they're saying about us.

Pros:
- Pho was really good. Could have used more onions and meat, but still good, finished the whole thing:)

There is a lot of cons but they just opened, I'm sure, or atleast I hope, they are still getting it together. We will be going back since it saves us a drive and we just love pho.笑
The best in Vegas as far as I am concerned. And the best customer service. You don't often find good wait staff anymore. I will be back. I was planning my next meal there before I had even finished eating. The ingredients were fresh and the atmosphere is awesome. I can't wait to eat more pho. You will NOT be disappointed. I Cant even find the words to describe how good this place is. So so delicious. They also have really nice menus.笑
I know this restaurant isnt in the best location but I really like it! I live real close so it was real convenient to try it. I have never seen it really busy but I never eat there I always do carry out. Everyone is always super friendly and the food is good. I don't eat phò much but when I am sick this always makes me feel better. I would recommend this place if you live close and want phò it's good and hits the spot.笑
Servers are really good, until when i began eating. The workers there are obnoxious and loud. Especially the skinny one in the back. Everytime i try and have a conversation with my wife all i hear is the workers yell "THAT'S FUCKING MOIST" in the back. Like have some respect for the customers now come on.笑
So I was happy a pho spot open up on the east side. . So before I take my wife there I tried it by myself and ordered the pho house special. So it comes out and theres ox tail in the pho , i thought whoa that's coo but as i dug deeper with my spoon because i had to wait for chopsticks that the black server forgot to give me . I counted 4 beef flanks, 1 tripe , 1 tendon and 2 ox tail bones and thought wow how cheap is that bowl of pho, they must be Chinese ...The broth tasted like water and sugar and noodles were so bland and not even cooked ....so as I'm struggling to eat this unknown bowl of pho, I'm about 2 minutes into it. The black server drops the check in front of me . Didn't even ask if I was happy with the food or not. I see the bill is freaking 13 dollars for one bowl of pho. I totally flip like wtf it's not worth no fukin 13 dollars for this crap. I go to complain like no its not 13 it's 8.50.. The server shows me on the menu another house special pho that says with oxtail . Wow now I totally feel gouged by him, I told him to get the owners or mangers  and they all hid from me ..I also told the server to send back that bowl of pho and get me the pho I ordered ... He looked at me and told me I had to pay for that bowl of pho first. Never in my life has a place ever made me pay for Un satisfaction in which I didn't even eat the pho . As I'm writing this review I'm thinking I should have just walked out  but I did pay for the pho fukin 13 dollars for that crap and they knew I didn't even eat it. They let me walk out pissed and angry and hungary shows who these people really are.  There not here to give good quality food but here to take your money. Please do not go here, I will be calling the health department on them every month because I'm out to put these people under. Really people , pho T do yourself a favor and close your doors now you'll save more money that way u fukin amateurs. All over one bowl of pho wtf.. Also shame on all of you that gave this place a good rating.笑
I just got my food delivered by the company they're working with GrubHub. 
Well.. Technically, GrubHub was supposed to deliver but due to MY mistake I ordered it for Pick-Up. 
Pho T ended up delivering to me . I haven't dine in the restaurant yet but this is already a Great Example of Great Guest Service . 

I was super surprise when I saw my food . 
I ordered spring rolls and seafood pho . 
Breaded Amt.Crab?! Breaded cod?! Genius ! 
Pho T just stepped up the game & challenged the Vietnamese restaurants in Vegas .
The broth was so good I didn't have to add a single seasoning/sauce (beside oil pepper Yum!) 

This is now my new go to place . I am looking forward to dining in soon .笑
My girlfriend was craving pho so we decided to try this place. I was quite surprised. Food was good. There was a little bit of a mix up but Tina our server got it taken care of. We would go back again.笑
Horrible.. I had them deliver me chicken pho & they gave me beef & nasty brisket.. I always order chicken because I hate getting raw food. They gave me raw beef, chewy brisket lobs. The crazy thing was that the soup wasn't even hot enough to cook the raw meat. I paid an extra $1.00 for lime.. only got two. The pho noodles were sweet & it was just a mess. I'll never cheat on Pho Kim Long again, that's the only great Pho restaurant in Las Vegas. Pho T = Garbage.笑
I love Pho, so I decided to try out Pho T. The place is nice and very clean and quiet. I'm going four stars because they weren't busy when I sat down at a table but still it took almost ten minutes for someone to come over, and when they did, it was to deliver a bowl of Pho. I said that's not mine but I would like to order. Matter of fact, it wasn't anyone's in the restaurant at the time. I think someone called in. They took it back to the kitchen and packed it for a person that came in a few minutes later for a to go order.
My bowl was delivered and I found it to be very good quality and favor. Of course I had to add chili oil to get it spicy hot. While sitting there, I was never checked on for water refill and when I finished, I sat quite a while before I got her attention to pay my bill. Minor things really, and I'll definitely come back, the food was great, the service, not so much.笑
Love this place! Very convenient location and clean. Staff is friendly and service is quick. Would recommend to everyone!笑
Ramen you have met your match! 

My wife and I decided to try something different and we went to Pho T restaurant, I just wanted to try the ox tail soup and OMG it is so delicious, the servings are huge lots of meat, all servings are fresh and delicious the staff are so friendly and the place is so clean, I would recommend this place and you will not regret it笑
Love this place! My boyfriend and I always come here. Great customer service and friendly! We get our food right away too. I love how there's a pho place on our side of town!

And of course, love their pho and fried rice!笑
Weak broth in the pho; it was like water. 
Decent bun, but small portions.
Servers confused and inefficient
Bill unceremoniously tossed on our table halfway through the meal, ensuring we ordered nothing else.
Waiter pressed the pitcher up against the glasses while refilling the waters, ensuring that everyone in the place shared each other's germs.

Guess I'm going back to my old places.笑
Was excited that a Vietnamese restaurant opened on the east side so I had to give this place a try! I will warn you this review is very picky because pho is my all time favorite food and so I have high expectations.

Service: The staff greeted me quickly and were very attentive overall. A family came in five minutes after me, ordered after me and received both their spring rolls and entrees before mine. They appeared to know the staff, but still seemed off especially because I was dining by myself. 

Atmosphere: very clean, open and inviting. Choice of seats at a bar, tables or booths. I was a little hesitant about the food because the menu was kind of a mess. A lot of items were crossed off in black marker which seemed odd since it just opened and the pictures in the menu did not look appealing at all, especially the picture of the spring rolls. I was also disappointed that all of the pho options were beef only. No chicken, seafood or meatless options to be seen. There was a large range of noodle options though which was nice. Also surprised that they did not serve boba (crossed off) and Thai tea was nowhere on the menu.

Food: I ordered the spring rolls and flank and brisket pho. The spring rolls were really good, very fresh! I wish they were served with mint leaves but as they were they were still quite good. The pho itself was pretty good, I'd give it a 7.5/10. Great flavor. My biggest complaint was that there were way too many onions, there actually were more onions than beef. Not the best in Vegas, but far from the worst.笑
Ordered from here because it was recommended on Post Mates. THIS IS THE WORST TASTING Vietnamese food I have ever eaten. The BBQ pork (it could have been beef because it was so gross) was so bland and not grilled. It tasted as if they just threw it in a wok or boiled it. Honestly. The bun vermicelli had nothing in it. No peanuts. No cilantro. No flavor. Nothing. I will never order from here again. If you want GOOD authentic, go to Pho Kim Long or Pho Saigon by LVAC on eastern.笑
Sweet! Im all sorts of excited about having a pho place on the eastside.. food is amazing, love their spring rolls and pho. Delish! I will be coming here quite often! 

Place is extremely clean and staff is extremely friendly. Service is fast too!笑
I ordered a meal for 2 through postmates. I would say the food was... meh. Nothing spectacular and a bit peculiar. Their combo fried rice came in a dark brown color with only onion as the veggies. Their pho should not be considered pho since the broth looked like chicken broth that came out of a can. With some seasoning and lots of lemon and Sriracha, it was edible. The spring rolls I ordered bursted open as soon as I took them out of the box and completely fell apart as I was eating them. Also, it seemed to be missing some key ingredients.笑
I love this place!! Their fast and nice. Everything I've had so far was good. I recommend this place if your looking for some good pho on the east side.笑
My Favorite Pho spot. The noodles are really good to. Iv tried a couple things on their menu and every time I go my boyfriend and I are 100% satisfied. This place is so zen my son always falls asleep. But he likes the rice and boba to!笑
Tasty Broth. I had an upset stomach, so their plain pho hit the spot add $1 for egg noodle substitution. 
Their Oxtail Pho had tons of juicy meat! Tons! My dinner date (mom) couldn't finish it! Clean and cool establishment with a delightful waitstaff. 
I'll definitely return.笑
Finally. Pho out east. 

I actually always order Bun Thit Nuong everytime I get Vietnamese and not really pho that often so I can speak for that dish here. It was amazing and actually tasted the way I've had it at Vietnamese family gatherings instead of how it typically taste at a restaurant. I haven't tasted it this way in a very long time, was pleasantly surprised. 

I wanted to try the smoothies but they were still working on their formula for them at the time so sadly I cannot speak on behalf of those....

Service? Was awesome. Sat down at the bar while I waited for my food and the lady pretty much just talked to me like she knew me. Was very comfortable environment, very friendly. 

Also, got a free water. Don't know if that was the perks of sitting at the bar or just a nice thing for them to offer while I waited but it seemed like a bit of both if I'm being honest. 

I will devour more Bun Thit Nuong from this place like a vicious beast in the future. With a smoothie on the side because.... MORE FUEL FOR THE BEAST! and I really want a smoothie.笑
Food was good and price would be reasonable but they charged extra to replace meat with tofu!?笑
We love this little place! Spring rolls are delicious, hubby had oxtail soup with big pieces of meat and since I don't really eat meat I opted for the chicken bun. Grilled pieces of chicken,noodles and lots of sprouts. We are going to be regulars here as its close to home!笑
Spring rolls !!! Absolute amazing and my favorite at all time is the number 40 love it!!! Service excellent'!!!笑
On a quick trip to Las Vegas on a whim we decided to have a nice bowl of pho. I Yelp the few restaurants and Pho T came up. What a pleasant surprise! We were greeted warmly and out food came quickly. My friend had the vegetarian pho.  I had the house special.  We shared their fried tofu.  All of it was fantastic! 

Only reason I'm giving this place four stars rather than five is because of the Muzak :-/.  

So,  if you're in Las Vegas try this family run business, Pho T. Mmmmmmmm!笑
Decided to try pho for the first time. Ended up ordering an order of spring rolls and a matcha smoothie with boba to accompany my house special pho. I didn't read the description for the spring rolls and never had them so I was unaware that they contained shrimp, something I don't like. When they arrived I saw they were pretty large shrimp too! I decide to give them a try and... they were good. Didn't really taste any shrimpiness, the ingredients all combined to make a very flavorful spring roll. I'd definitely order them again, shrimp and all. 

The matcha smoothie with boba was just that, but with a hint of sweetness not found in the last matcha smoothie with boba I ordered at a different place. 

The pho was very good, though the broth seemed a bit cloudy and had a few oil spots. Whether the cloudy broth effects taste I don't know. I had Japanese Ramen at a place near the strip that I loved but I think this bowl of pho surpassed that ramen in how much I enjoyed it. I definitely will come back, even if it's just in passing to grab a smoothie with boba to cool off in the summer heat.笑
OK, where do I start. We tried this restaurant soon after it opened and liked the food, but was not really impressed with the service. We decided to try it again and tried different items. Like others have said, a good portion of the menu was "blacked" out with a sharpie. The amount of time for the food to come out was not acceptable and there was only 2 of us. Her food came out and a little bit later mine came out. Had to ask for utensils and water. The waiters hands were all over out dishes. NOT GOOD! All in all we have gone there 4 or 5 times. Same thing every time, but we decided to give them a chance because we like their food and also believe in the small family business thing. Well, I went back there this weekend and it was a totally different place. We were greeted quickly, sat down, were given newly revised menus, had utensils and drinks, ordered and within an acceptable amount of time we both had our food in front of us. While I was there I had a conversation with the owner and we discussed all of the issues that she has had and she told us that most have been corrected. We were observing the whole time that we were there and I have to agree with her that changes have been made. In the past, we watched people get pissed off because of the lack of service and organization. I did not see a single person complain this time. (and there were lots of people there) I am convinced that this is  a good place and hope that anyone that has had bad experiences will go back and give them another chance. Like all businesses, getting started in the restaurant biz is not easy, but I think they have opened their eyes and want to make you their permanent customers. They're really trying!! Go warm your bellies with their delicious Pho during these cold evenings and experiment with all of the other "homelike" cooking. ENJOY!笑
This is by far my favorite! The staff is friendly and knows our order by heart. They even have our usual table ready even if it's busy. One of the owners makes it a point to ask how I'm doing and jokes with my kids. The food is delicious every time. We typically order the rare beef pho, pork and crispy noodles. The broth is flavorful and seasoned perfectly. Definitely our family go-to.笑
I don't know how this place got high reviews. Awful service, food was bad. We ordered Pho and Hu Tieu and the broth was plain full of MSG. They forgot to bring out chopsticks and we had to call them ourselves. They did not give us napkins even though we asked many times. The girl whom I thought was the manager was screaming in the kitchen and gave us bad attitudes. Will never ever ever come back again. Even Taco Bell's and McDonald's would be much better. Money wasted!笑
This is the best Pho I have found in Vegas! Everything I have tried is tasty. The food is always on point and the service is always fantastic. I eat here frequently because it is worth every penny!笑
Just opened. Went to Pho T with a group of 5 people. Each of us ordered something different. Everyone really enjoyed the food. Generous servings.  We will definitely go back often.笑
This place is about 5 miles from the strip. Was with a group of 5 on a Sunday afternoon and got seated right away. The prices are pretty standard about $8 for a bowl. I had shrimp with extra veggie pho. The broth was ok and I had enough noodles and shrimp. I also had some spring rolls, I really liked the peanut sauce. The iced coffee was pretty expensive though it was $4. Overall, this place is a solid 3 stars, not the best place to get pho but also not the worst place, It's A-OK.笑
The restaurant is okay. The service is friendly. The food is, eh, okay. It'll fill you. But not in a particularly tasty way.笑
Better pho than kim longs their happy and friendly we will only go to pho t for our favorite meal !!!! Gotta support the family owned restraunts ..笑
Food was okay but overpriced. 

Not actually within a Pokestop. The closest stop is in Sams Town casino across the street.笑
This was my first time to have the ox and it was delicious, however it was little hard to get the meat from the bone. The rest of the bowl was just as good as usual, but I thought it would be better to have more rice noodle.  
The servant said "see you tomorrow" when I was leaving. I doubt how many percentage customers are coming here daily.笑
Fast and friendly service.  I'm glad to have a pho restaurant on my side of town.  I just wish they had other options besides beef and pork pho because I don't eat either.  They made a special chicken pho for me which was very flavorful and I appreciate that they made it even though it wasn't on the menu.  I'm sure I'll go back soon.笑
The food was good except for the fresh strawberry limeade which was really really sweet! Added another glass of water on it, still too sweet! The waiter said they can't replace it anymore. I didn't drink it at all. Very poor service! Me and my husband are not going back anymore.笑
At this restaurant one time. The people were a little unorganized because the restaurant had just opened. Was to be expected. I haven't been back lately. Only because I have not been back in the area. It is nice to have Pho restaurant on this side of town.笑
The food here is amazing! I'm not Vietnamese but I have friends that are and they are damn near the same. The food was very fresh and the server was great! I will def. be back 

The menus is simple to understand and that is very important to me because like I said I'm not Viet, but I know good food and this place is a hit. 

Oh and the house made chilli sause is amaze balls !!!笑
I want to be nice and give this place two stars, but it was just terrible. This is a brand new vietnamese restaurant. For starters, you walk into this restaurant and everything seems to look okay, but then you sit down and there's overwhelming smell coming from the table, my guess is this place cleans their tables with dirty rags. The waiter then comes over with the menu and asks if we would like anything to drink, they don't have that many options for drinks......we then look at the menu and omg half if it is crossed out with a sharpie. This brand new restaurant already doesn't serve half the stuff on their menu. We decided to order egg rolls, pho, and a rice dish. We sat there as our food comes out and they never brought us serving plates, napkins, utensils or anything, how do they expect us to eat? The eggs rolls were confusing huge when they came out and on the first bite, it was like chinese style, with lots of veggies and no meat. When I go to a vietnamese restaurant, I would at least like to eat vietnamese egg rolls. Then the pho comes out (they charged $3 for 2 tiny pieces of ox tail) and visually, I thought the food was getting better, but then we had our first taste and the booth was awful, it tasted like water.....after drowning my bowl in hoisin sauce, it still had no taste. My rice dish with pork chops and egg custard didn't look too bad, but the most important part of a rice dish is the rice and it was the worst rice I have ever tasted. The pork chop were not too bad, but how am I supposed to enjoy it when the rice tasted awful. Now the egg custard, was not even made the right way. The top is supposed to have an orange color to it, and it was colorless here. Egg custard is supposed to have wonderful flavors to it, but here, it was completely bland. The workers also made the experience worst. They didn't seem to meet customers' needs. There was also one specific worker sitting at the able next to us coughing vigorously while we were eating and it sure made me lose my appetite. This place was just awful, and the only excuse they have right now, is that they are new. They have some serious changes that need to be made if they want to be successful. Workers need to put customers first and know what their needs are, the food variety needs to stop getting smaller because crossing out items does not help their business, the food quality and taste most definitely needs to improve and I'd start by learning how authentic vietnamese food should be prepared, and overall, this place needs to be improved. You guys are a new business and this is your perfect chance to improve it while it's still new. I'll be back in a few months and I hope I'll have better things to say.笑
Nice restaurant glad to have a PHo spot near my house the egg rolls are good we had the pho with beef and brisket the broth was really flavorful and the portion was great I'm so used to getting skimped on noodles and meat but here they a generous with the bowl they give you the staff was great they where friendly and funny I will be dinning here again笑
My first and last time ever eating at this place. I decided to try it out since we were in the area. I ordered pork & egg rolls with vermicelli noodles = $10.50 Flavor 2/5. There was hardly any flavor in the pork, and the egg rolls...too bad. Hire a new cook please. 
The workers were so loud in their conversations when we were eating, I thought they were customers? They sat at a corner table on their cell phone on speaker. Awkward or no etiquette or both? Talk about ghetto service. I didn't even want to finish my food. :( 
I'll stick to Pho Milan instead. Cleaner restaurant, quality food, safer location and great service.笑
This is one of the best hidden gem of a restaurant serving specialty Pho's, appetizers and Boba's!笑
So Pho became a new experience to me since the girlfriend was a fan of it and I had to try it. I like that this place isn't that far. As for the food it's pretty good no frills dininh. I'm a fan of the Pho and the regular dishes. This place is competitive enough to be ranked with the other places in Chinatown. Try the strawberry-limeade - it's a great way to cool after downing a spicy soup.笑
Super sweet people, excellent service. Clean and nicely decorated. Authentic, not Americanized, which is what I think most of these poor reviews are whining about - they don't seem to understand that this isn't McDonald's and different regions will have different family recipes that - let's see if I can make this clear - will taste different than Panda or the mall Pho places that cater to people who don't know any better.

If the broth tastes weak, it's because it does not have MSG. Just add some salt,  people. Rooster sauce it up. It's actually quite yummy.

My oxtail was full of meat - 3 bones with lots of juicy meat on them, steak pieces, and other goodies. Me and my dog both enjoyed the harvest.

They have gotten their sea legs, the menu looks fabulous, no more blackouts. This has become one of our regular Pho stops.笑
Wow... Now that I am retired, one of my hobbies is to find great places to eat here in Vegas. I was a bit nervous on this one initially, but gave it a shot.... Seems like I only hit a winner about 40% of the time. I have to tell you this was a 100% winner. I had the chicken pan fried rice noodles and they were excellent. The waitress was friendly and patient with me. All of the ingredients were spot on and fresh. Even though I was full, I really wanted to try their Pfo soup. Again, the taste was spot on... Lots of noodles, fresh bean sprouts on the side along with hot peppers if u wanted. Their home made hot chili oil was great. This is now a new bookmark... I will defiantly be back for more!!!笑
My friend and I decided we wanted Pho on a Vegas summer day, which you know can be triple digits- that day was no exception. Yes we could of done a salad, light sandwich or my favorite hot day lunch "ice cream" but we were feeling a bit on the wild side and decided Pho on a 115 day.... "What the Pho, let's do it!"

We found this place close to my friend's vacation condo after finding the other pho restaurant  by her place closed for remodeling. That's fine because this place had what we wanted and needed. Hot soup on a scorching hot day, just you know... To cool ourselves off ;). 

We were greeted and seated right away by friendly staff. The restaurant was clean and comfortable, awesome!  We ordered fresh spring rolls and bowls of hot Pho! Both items were great, I could also be saying this because we were running on coffee and protein bars- super famished! 

The broth was good not too salty, so you can add whatever you like to make it personal. I like it hot... Spicy hot! I know... Insane is my game. I put in all the sliced jalapeños and some red chili oil, plus a heap of bean sprouts and tons of Thai basil. Yup that's my jam!  Awesome! It was exactly what we wanted. What I didn't want was the feeling after eating filling soup while wearing denim shorts. I need to think ahead or bring gym shorts in my purse at all times. :)

In all honesty, I have never met a bowl of Pho that I didn't like. So yes, I like this Pho place. If you are on this side of town and want a bowl of comfort- Pho T is the place. PS... Don't forget to wear elastic pants ;)笑
This place is terrible. Food is mediocre & the service is the worse. They have this young guy who appears to be high & looks like Lurch from the Addams Family who doesn't know a single item in their menu. Not only did he get our order wrong & completely forgot to bring one of our entrees we had ordered over an hour ago. Mom ordered coffee & got cold, black coffee. The young guy (aka Lurch) didn't even bother to bring her sugar or creamer. Once our food finally arrived it was barely warm. When we finally got fed up & asked to speak to a manager she turned out to be the biggest unprofessional bitch ever. No wonder your employees  have such terrible service, they must learn it from that twat. P.S. I HOPE YOU HAD FUN CLEANING OUR TABLE笑
We went here Saturday night . When we walked in its small but very clean and nice , the lady that sat us was our waitress and she was very nice always smiling. The wife and I ordered iced green teas (.99) cheap but very yummy . The menu is very easy to read and understand , they had several different Pho options to choose from and rice dishes and noodle dishes . We started with egg rolls 4 in a order and they were delicious ! Than we ordered our dinner  I had the #19 oxtail Pho , when I ordered it the lady had a big smile and said it is so good ! That made me very excited to try it ! I haven't had oxtail since I was a kid. My wife ordered the beef balls Pho ( note these are not actual cow balls lol ) she said it was delicious . When I got mine  it smelled so yummy and I dug in, the broth is very tasty and than I tried a oxtail,  outstanding! So tender! I felt like I was a little kid again. We both finished off the bowls they are a good size . We can't wait to go back again . Great job Pho-T ! We look forward to coming back .笑
Local pho place with good food and a friendly staff. It's just a bit pricey for such a local place, however I'll still be back since it's still cheaper than having to drive to Chinatown.笑
Tammy she is sow friendly...and the food are great..we order spring roll, huz especial noodles and fried rice noodle #yummy