This was my first time at Dressler's and I did not know what to expect. All I can say is that it was an extremely pleasurable experience. Our waittress, I believe her name is Liddy, was very kind and welcoming. Our food was amazing. I had filet mignon and my partner in crime had the Spring chicken. Every single part about the meal was  delicious. I do not know how, but they managed to perfectly marinate and dress the entree and sides. We topped off the meal with the Oreo cheesecake, which went perfectly with the strawberry. All in all, one of my better restaurant experiences.笑
This place is so good and not just for the food.  The service at Dressler's is really great.  The food and drinks came out in a timely manner.  Our waitress was very attentive, as were the bus boys. 
 
We had a Living Social or Groupon, so I was skeptical to the level of service we would get (as this has been a problem with other places).  I was pleasantly surprised that this was not the case.  When I told our waitress we had a groupon, she remained just as attentive as she had been when we first got there.

The outdoor seating is also really great and they often have live music. The views from outside and by the windows of the restaurant are some of the best in CLT. Perfect for a summer date night.  

The food is good. My favorite thing was the Low Country Crab Dip.  I wasn't HUGE fan of their cheesecake -- but everything else was nice!

My husband and I will definitely return to Dressler's for another date night! You should too!笑
Great food, fantastic view, splendid restaurant.

WE live in Chicago, and my son and daughter-in-law live in Charlotte.   We go there to visit both the kids AND Dresslers.  It is TOP-NOTCH!笑
Visited Dressler's this week for the first time with my lady and used a pretty sweet coupon deal which got us 2 appetizers, a salad, two entrees, and a dessert for around sixty bucks. Naturally, we decided to add a bottle of wine to our dinner cause nothing says fancy like a whole bottle of wine to compliment your delicious meal :)

Our server Asa was amazing! He was very knowledgable and took the time to suggest dishes that would pair well together as well as breaking down the ingredients in each dish. Five stars for Asa alone!

First, the appetizers. We started off with the Thai Peanut Calamari and the Goat Cheese and Roasted Garlic. Personally, I loved the Calamari, and to be honest I've never been a big fan until I had Dressler's Thai Peanut version.  The Goat Cheese and Roasted Garlic spread however delicious was nothing to run home and tell mom about. My lady and I agreed that the dish failed to meet its mark because of the flimsy pitas. 

The Chopped Salad. I'm going to keep this short and sweet for sake of the rest of my review. The champagne vinaigrette is seriously one of the best dressings I have ever had on a salad in my life! Get this salad. You won't be disappointed.

Now onto the entrees. I had the New York Strip and my lady had the Rack of Lamb. The New York Strip was absolutely delightful. Cooked to a perfect medium rare inside with a perfect sear on top..yummy! It was filling and delicious and the garlic butter and asparagus created a wonderful blend of tastes. Oh, and it came with house made fries if that wasn't enough and man those were fantastic. Perfectly cut and crunchy and great flavor..no need to smother them in ketchup.

Finally the dessert. the double chocolate cheese cake was excellent. Two chocolates blended together..sold! 

Full and fully satisfied we will definitely be back. With or without the Groupon, Dressler's is a must visit spot!笑
Came here for a birthday party, it was late night so it wasn't very crowded or busy. I ordered a steak that came with asparagus and hash browns. My first time trying asparagus and I was pleased. The steak was good as well with plenty or cracked black pepper. The only thing I didn't like we're the potatoes, to me they were burnt but as this was my first time here I am not sure if they were or if it's just how they make them. I would love to return here for a date night with my hubby.笑
Had a great server Rhett "No B", as he likes to say. Great meal. We were there for restaurant week. This was our 3 rd visit, each time has been perfect.笑
Very nice interior which lends itself to a very comfortable dining experience.  Little hesitation at hostess stand while she ended her conversation without even acknowledging our presence but once she hung up, we were seated near window overlooking patio.  I know the restaurant has no control over the plaza and the people that gather there but we watched 20 to 25 runners (?) warm up, stretch, swig water and spit all within our view point.  Was not able to see this until they raised blinds.  Staff might want to wait until runners have left area directly within eyesight before raising blinds.  Ribeye was totally different - chef removes outer fat rim and you are left with what looks like a filet Mignon but once you cut into steak you quickly realize it is not a filet.  Not sure if it was just this piece or this is normal (again have never seen a trimmed ribeye like this) but it was not as tender as a normal cut ribeye.  Flavor was good - blackening spices not over done.  Onion soup is heavenly but you can easily remove the first layer of skin on the roof of your mouth if not careful.  Wines by glass were a very nice selection - still can not fathom why reds are served at "room temperature"  which is close to 70 or 72 - they should be cooler.  Spinach salad was adequate - bacon bits were akin to gravel but once pushed out of the way, salad was lightly dressed which is a big plus, not the usual drenching of the greens.  Waiter talked us into dessert because "Mom" made it and he was so right.  Best carrot cake ever.  Will be back soon.笑
Everything is absolutely delicious! A lot of food and a lot of flavor.  I suggest the pork chop or heart of ribeye for your entree.  Both are so flavorful.笑
Pretty weak lunch...calamari salad was tough, cheap Chinese crap, crab dip was edible笑
Finally cashed in my Groupon Deal and visited Dressler's at Metropolitan for the first time. All in all, I enjoyed it.

The beer I ordered was out, but no biggie, I just picked a different one. The G's House Salad was DELICIOUS. I don't normally get too excited about salad, but this one was good. Am I seriously raving about a salad?

Anyway...

I ordered the scallops special. I'll be honest, it was a little salty for me. Tasty, but salty. It comes with a ham hock reduction (thus the salt) and a bit of lobster. I was torn between this and the halibut, which I hope to try sometime.

Can I rave about the coffee for a minute? I'm hardly a coffee snob -- I couldn't tell you what makes a coffee "good" -- but their coffee was WONDERFUL. It was honestly the best part of the meal, and that's not a knock on the food. It was just...GOOD COFFEE.

I was too full for dessert, but there were some appealing choices. Maybe I'll stop in sometime for that peanut butter cheesecake. Something tells me it'd be worth it.笑
Best cheese cake ! Better than Junior's in Brooklyn. Service helpful and food delicious. Great evening!笑
Wonderful staff in a nice location for walking after a good meal. Parking is easy and the view from the large "round" table of the skyline adds the experience.笑
Best restaurant in charlotte! The food is always tasty and fresh. I love the shrimp lobster linguini... Very creamy. Also the low country crab dip is great to share. The fiancé loved the lamb chops, the best he's ever had, try it with the blue cheese butter. You won't be disappointed. Also definitely get the mamas apple cake for the dessert! Definitely will be back soon!笑
Dressler's has a HalfOffDepot.com deal all the time. I had been there once on a business meeting dinner, and loved it - so I took my boyfriend back using the half off deal.

The food is excellent, and always is. Our bubbly and informative waiter started us off with the Thai Crispy Calamari appetizer ($11). It's crunchy and savory, tossed in a house made  thai peanut glaze with wasabi aioli.

We shared  the G's House Salad ( $6 )
With mixed greens, goat cheese, apple caramelized onions, candied walnuts, balsamic vinaigrette. This salad is super savory and this is when I fell inlove with goat cheese.

Then we made our entree orders. I got the 'Just for the Halibut'  ($29) with lump crab on top and amazing sauce this entree was terrific. The fish was tender and flaky, and I wish I could bottle the sauce and take it home to use on my own cooking.
My boyfriend had the Ribeye ($29) which was cooked perfectly, I had to reach across the plate and grab some.

Finally - even though we were stuffed- we ordered carrot cake to go so we could enjoy it later. I also would suggest Mom's Apple Cake, which I had previous to this visit.

Overall great experience, staff, atmosphere and food. We've already got another deal for Dressler's!笑
Hands down this is the best crab dip I've ever had in my life! And I eat out. I can't believe hubby copped this amazing groupon. Too good to be true. Why is this my first time here?? We added this to our top ten dining pleasantries in CLT. The service is subberb  might I add. Hubby ordered the lamb chops and they did not disappointed. I had the blacked heart of rib eye with a  blue cheese butter spread. What a great meal! Bout to finish this night of with Mom's apple cake. 5 star meal.笑
Went here Saturday night, a party of 12, for our work "holiday gathering". First time I had ever been, and kind of ashamed to say first time I even noticed this place. Must have driven by  it a couple dozen times, shopping at Traders Joes, and never once noticed it there. 
Needless to say, I regret not knowing about this place until now. They seemed comfortable handling such a large party, and judging by the party rooms in the back of the restaurant they have plenty of practice! I can't for the life of me remember our servers names (2 gentlemen) but they handled everything great. Each server basically had one side of a very long table. 
Great explanations and suggestions from the servers. They were extremely knowledgeable about all the food, and promptly answered any questions we had about the menu. Even getting down to details about how the food is prepped and cooked. That I really loved. 
The apps were great we had the calamari, and crab dip. We ordered 2 of each and they were gone within minutes.
Everyone seemed to really enjoy their food, out of 12, 1 dish was sent back for being under cooked. I loved my food as did my wife, I had the halibut, which according to our server is one of the most popular on the menu. The halibut was cooked perfectly, served on one of the most delicious crab/potato cakes I have ever had. Wife had the lamb, came cooked perfectly. and was delicious. 
One drink was forgotten, but was comped at the end.
Overall, everyone left very happy, all of the staff was great, would love to come back and try it without a huge group!笑
This is an excellent place to enjoy a special occasion. The waiter was very helpfully and knew the menu very well. Our food was prepared perfectly, and very satisfying. My wife and I highly recommend enjoying your next dinner here.笑
Went for my husbands birthday, it was wonderful! We started with the Cajun shrimp appetizer, it was really good, the shrimp were cooked perfectly.  My husband and I both had a wedge salad, they were good, huge, the bleu cheese dressing was fantastic but the salads were a little heavily dressed for our taste, but that's a preference thing so I won't hold it against them. I had the blackened ribeye with bleu cheese butter- OMG- it was divine!! My husband had the filet and mashed potatoes- both steaks were cooked perfectly. The server did great, the meal was timed perfectly and we had a great view of downtown Charlotte! I can wait to go back and try some of the other things on their menu. 
PS- they have half priced bottles of wine on Sunday nights笑
I have received several other deliveries from Dressler's same exact order (creature of habit). Their take out game is 5 star...and continue to order from them.笑
Perfect evening. The food. The atmosphere. The service. 
Appetizers - crab dip (wow!) and calamari (so good)
Dinner - I had the halibut - delicious. Other diners had shrimp/lobster pasta and crab cake. Raved about them.  Wedge and chopped salads and brussel sprouts were perfection. 
Dessert - Apple cake. No words to describe its deliciousness.笑
I love the trendy decor of Dressler's! The restaurant is very spacious with subtle hints of red/orange. There is patio seating available, which we took advantage of but sadly got rained on =/ We made sure to grab our soups before we ran inside though! We looked MILDLY confused, standing at the door with our soups, before the staff kindly directed us to the dry tables inside lol Our waiter, Taylor was very sweet and accommodating. He brought us new drinks and was very tentative throughout the meal (plus, he was a cutie! lol)

I was surprised at how affordable the lunch prices were for a fancier restaurant. Most of the dishes were about $12 and under. The soups of the day were Brocolli Cream and Tomato Parmesan. OF COURSE we had to get one of each. We also ordered the "Thai Crispy Calamari" as the appetizer. There was a kick of wasabi in the sauce, which was unexpected but nonetheless enjoyable. Although, they weren't very crispy which was disappointing. My friend and I both got the "Grilled Chicken and Risotto." The risotto was made perfectly and the chicken was very flavorful. I'm tempted to try the shrimp and grits or the fish  tacos next time! Last, I got creme brulee as dessert. It was very succulent and sweet, but very enjoyable! I got it to-go though so the presentation was horrible. I guess you can't expect to-go creme brulee to be pretty though. Everything was delicious, but nothing out of the ordinary. 

Overall: beautiful/trendy ambiance, great service, good food.笑
Went for our Anniversary the server Hillary was great brought us champagne, for our special
occasion! The food was great too!
|笑
Was down in Charlotte this past year and found this place in the Charlotte magazine from the hotel room.  So glad we decided on Dressler's for this nights dinner.  The food was just great and the calamari app was the best I think I have ever had anywhere.  It was a beautiful night so we ate outside.  The view is just awesome overlooking the Charlotte skyline.  Can't wait to go back!笑
I have been here a few times now and have always had phenomenal service and food. This for me is a special occasion type place. The prices are on the high side as you will spend $20-40 before even getting to drinks and appetizers.
However, the prices aren't unwarranted. They do a delicious smoked salmon and caper platter as an appetizer and the three (lower priced) entrees I have had were all terrific and cooked to perfection.
There is nothing here that blows me away and leaves me craving my next visit, but it is a great place when you want something a bit more upscale or a place for a special occassion or fancy date.笑
We sat outside on a beautiful night in Charlotte. Great atmosphere, the food on the other hand needs some help.  My husband got the heart of ribeye cooked medium rare, it was very dry. The veggies that came with it had no taste.  I had the smoked chicken.  Very, very dry and extremely spicy. The Mac and Cheese side was the only excellent part of meal.笑
Really really good.  Solid meal, solid service, solid specials.

We dined at Dressler's on a Sunday.  We had plans to see a friend playing at the Double Door, so we stopped at the Metropolitan to choose a restaurant.  First of all - love the Metropolitan!  What a cool multi-use development with great city views - which we proceeded to enjoy from the huge windows of Dressler's.  From the first sips of our wine to our very last bites, we were impressed!

First, a nice half-price wine surprise...our server brought the wine menu (on an Ipad - nice modern approach, guys!), and we chose the last bottle of a lovely reasonably priced sparkling golden Pinot Noir.  Our server was great.  I hate that I can't quite remember her name, but I think it was Ellis???... My husband enjoyed joking around with her.

We decided to try the fried green tomatoes as an appetizer.  It was served with a country Dijon sauce, greens and an unusual accompaniment: cold boiled shrimp, either boiled in ginger water or certainly in a ginger marinade. Interesting and refreshing!

Entrees were fabulous.  I enjoyed the grouper and was able to order it with the corn risotto (which was so nicely cooked, not mushy) and citrus beurre blanc, a preparation actually presented with salmon on the menu.  My husband devoured the crispy duck, which was accompanied by mapled potatoes and other root veggies, I believe.  I had to practically beg for a bite - delicious!

We did not partake in dessert, but learned that the owner's mother makes the restaurant's cheesecakes and carrot cake daily.  They all sounded wonderful.  We saw two other groups singing Happy Birthday to dining companions.  This is a special place.笑
Visited this establishment a while back! I used a groupon this time. The service was excellent as always, food was delicious, and don't forget to try the carrot cake, that's my favorite. For Dinner I tried the seafood and grits which was awesome! Great ambiance, location.笑
Absolutely fantastic. We celebrated our anniversary at Dressler's and the experience was superb. The wine and dinner were delicious. I recommend the halibut and the lamb. The brussel sprouts were also amazing. I can't rave enough about how wonderful the service was. We were very well taken care of. We finished with the cheesecake which my husband reported might be the best he's ever had. Thank you so much for such a lovely evening.笑
Thank you Dressler family for bringing your Lake Norman restaurant to Midtown! Been here several times to say the least and can't believe I haven't reviewed it yet. Great patio, great view, great service and even greater (yes, I typed that) food!

Items that I have eaten that I recommend...the New York Strip, Halibut and the Crab Cakes. Usually revolve around those three. No meal at Dressler's would be complete without the homemade peanut butter cheesecake!
 
Met Live takes place right outside the restaurant on Thursday's & Saturday's!笑
Last night was our first time at Dressler's. We had reservations and were seated promptly. It was a beautiful night so we decided to sit outside. The view is exceptional.  We were pleasantly surprised that there was a band playing. For a starter we had the goat cheese and tomato chutney.  I had the scallops and shrimp and grits any my husband had the duck. Both were delicious. We finished up with the key lime pie and peanut butter chocolate cheesecake. No complaints there! The staff was very attentive and pleasant. I wanted the night to be at a slower pace. We weren't rushed, but I had to ask for our server not to bring things out too quickly. No sooner did we get our appetizer than our entrees showed up. I wanted a more leisurely dinner experience.  If you are looking for a budget dinner date, this is not the place (but we expected that). 1 app, 2 glasses of wine, 1 drink, dinner and dessert ran us around $120.笑
Yes, the food is good, the wait staff is friendly and knowledgeable, the ambience is relaxing and romantic but THE CHEESECAKE!!!!!  OMG the cheesecake is out of this world and you need to go to Dressler's even if it's for a drink and dessert. You won't regret it.笑
Maybe it's just me but Dressler's didn't live up to the hype. Me and the boyfriend spent a date night here and while we've been wanting to come here for a while now, it was a really disappointing experience. 

The good: We made a reservation so wait time wasn't bad at all. We sat outside and the view was as amazing as people have commented. There was a band playing outside so the intimacy was pretty much gone at that point but they were pretty good and made the ambience less "stuffy". The drinks weren't bad at all. If you're concerned about prices, don't get a cocktail and do a beer instead. Cocktails average around $13 but it was good nonetheless. We got a free dessert, the Apple crisp. The boyfriend loved it, I wasn't a fan but to no fault of the dessert. The best part of the meal was the appetizer. We got the Cajun scrimp and baguette and it was delicious- they should make this into an entree. 

The bad: The entrees were just bad. The boyfriend got the New York strip steak with fries and asparagus and I ordered the ribeye with asparagus and herb potatoes. We also got the macaroni and cheese side dish. Both of our steaks were over cooked. I ordered my steak medium and the boyfriend requested medium to medium well. Worst steak I've ever had in my life. It was dry, too charred, and we didn't see any pink until the middle of the steaks. I've had better steaks off my George Foreman grill. I didn't finish my steak and the boyfriend didn't either and we always clean our plates. I literally had 3 asparagus spears on my plate. 3. I'm not sure why they would list asparagus to come with an entree if it's going to be a garnish. On the other hand, the boyfriend got a normal amount of asparagus. It was just like WTF. The macaroni was bad. It had basically no cheese and was not creamy. It got eaten because we were hungry. Our server was okay, just a little odd to me. He wasn't very accommodating and was very nonchalant. I could tell that he either had plans that night that he was missing out on or just didn't want to be working.  

The ugly: Turn around time is horrendous! We ordered the appetizer and entree at the same time and we were left waiting what felt ages and it wasn't even busy. I was at the point of becoming hangry. We didn't send our steaks back because we didn't feel like waiting another 20 minutes and it was getting too late for heavy foods. The food is most definitely overpriced for the poor quality. 

Glad I came to say that I went but I will definitely not be returning.笑
I had a very chaotic day and my sweetie decided to surprise me by taking me here. It was a pleasant surprise. 

I know this place is usually filled with business people after work.  It wasn't very busy for a Monday night which was a good thing. But oddly, the hostess decided to sit a table of 4 directly beside us, which they were very noisy. It wasn't as if they were packed it was several other tables around instead of directly beside us.
The server (Jim) was excellent, I think he was a little nervous but pleasant.

For starters the crab cake dip was a little too creamy for me, but it had very nice chunks of crab, my sweetie loved it. Next time I'll try the Thai calamari. 

We ordered the chop salad & Caesar salad, which both were great! The Short Rib with spinach and no bone was present and it was hugh but very tender. I ordered the lamb chops which were excellent in taste, temperature and appearance. The blackened green beans were surprisingly, tasty. To add with it a nice glass of Riesling wine. The cheesecake was very nice and rich (need to share with another, Lol)

Overall, my experience was great and I'm looking forward to coming back and will recommend this place to others.

Oh, this place isn't cheap, so make sure for two people to dine nicely have at least $100 on you. It's well worth it.笑
Dressler's is an awesome restaurant. I've been there about 4 times, and it is consistently great food. Their crab cakes are amazing (the pecan remoulade is so unique and fantastic). My husband always gets some sort of steak, and he says it is always cooked to perfection. Last night I had the halibut, and it was amazing as well.

Last night we also ordered their G's House salad. It had the PERFECT amount of dressing, which is so hard to come by. They also put very generous amount of goat cheese and walnuts (along with the other toppings)-- this is especially notable because I feel like many restaurants skimp on the more expensive salad ingredients (like nice cheese and nuts)-- but not Dresslers! 

It was our anniversary and they even surprised us with glasses of champagne, on the house. It really made our night.

their menu has something for everyone, but is not overwhelming. great location. overall, wonderful experience.笑
Our trip to Dressler's did not disappoint! From the moment we first started working with Rhonda until we were on our way back to our hotel the experience was fantastic! The back room we requested for our event was cozy without being constricting, the food was incredible, and the staff was genuinely pleasant and helpful. This has by far been the best dining experience I have ever had, and if I end up in Charlotte again I will certainly be back!

Food:
Calamari (nice and thick, very flavorful)
Goat Cheese (absolutely perfect)
Crab cakes (plenty of crab meat without much filler, just how I like them)
Asparagus (fantastic and only slightly crisp)
Apple Cake (which they brought out as one cake with candles before warming it in the back -people were raving about this into the next day!)

Drinks:
The wine selection was amazing, as was the options for coffee after dinner. 

Overall, our event would not have been as nearly wonderful if it were elsewhere. Everything either met or exceeded expectations and the restaurant, staff, food, and ambiance were well received and enjoyed by all of the attendees.笑
Hello QC home cookin!!  I love local spots that break me away from my beloved chain restaurants.  Dresslers is that upscale local flavor that fits in perfectly in Midtown.  

Inside is very classy and refined, while outside is picturesque and has views of the skyline.  It can get a little pricey when you include alcohol but such is the way of a worthy restaurant.  The entrees are rich and sized proportionally to what you should eat.  Not the "american" feed bag size platter.  It's just right.  My favorite dinner was the Shrimp and Lobster Linguini.  You will love it and the staff is very helpful if you have any questions about the menu.  Trust me, you will leave happy..

Enjoy
-Ian M.笑
The best lamb I've HAD thus far. My husband sitting across  from me making moaning noise because the food was so great.
The cheesecake was another hit.
Great flavor, great service, and awesome food.笑
Good place, great views. Take a bottle of wine out on the patio after dinner for a nice evening. The place does feel 'large' but it's retro and fits the midtown complex pretty well. Definitely worth checking out...笑
My husband bought a groupon here for $50 off $100 and we used it to celebrate my birthday with a nice dinner out.  We ordered $100 worth of food between the two of us which included the seared tuna and beef tenderloin for appetizer, two entrees and three sides.  We had so much food, we had to take it home.  And since it was my birthday, the waitress was kind enough to throw in a free apple cake dessert to take home, which was delicious!

Loved the atmosphere, loved the service and loved the food.  Will definitely recommend to others if you haven't already been there!笑
If you are looking for a great restaurant in Charlotte, do be sure to visit Dressler's for dinner....and if you're lucky enough to have Clark K. as your waiter, then you'll dub him Superman as we did!  My hubby and I (from NYC) were visiting my best friend and her hubby and celebrating her birthday...so expectations were high.  

We dine out in NY almost 3x/week and have had varied experiences, some frustrating and some amazing,  and we wrongly thought that Dressler's could even compete.  We willingly gave it a try on Saturday night and were thoroughly impressed.  I will state without reservation that the food was wonderfully presented and quite delicious; but for me, the make or break for any restaurant is its front-line staff ,which is equally as important as the chef's skill.  I tend to regard the waitperson's role as ambassador for the restaurant.

Clark is the consummate professional -- he was friendly, showed great attention to the details, big and small, and offered us superior service.  One key thing was that he didn't badger us with information the moment we sat down, he allowed us the time to enjoy our cocktails and our friends.  He read our table perfectly and approached at the right time throughout the entire evening.  How many times have waiters/waitresses rudely interrupted your conversation with specials or to ask if you're enjoying your meal, while you are trying to chew or rushing you out because they are at the end of their shift?  Clark, not only did not employ any of the above but he shared his wonderful personality with each of us individually and as a group.  I've never felt better attended to or respected as a diner as I did with him.

Our simple Wedgie Salads were fresh, nicely presented and tasty.  The Thai calamari was a great twist on an old favorite.  Our entrees which included flounder, seared tuna and two types of steak were enjoyed and consumed happily.

We will definitely return to Dressler's when we visit again and will keep our fingers crossed for another wonderful experience with our Superman!笑
Let me just get to the point on this one! It was the bomb-diggity dot com! 

My first telephone contact was with Stefan (restaurant manager) for reservations. He was quite polite and accommodating on the phone, when we arrived at the restaurant, and when he came over to check on us during the evening... way to go handsome Stefan! Me likey the attention! 

This is our second visit, and our second go 'round with the warm crab dip appetizer. It's soooo delish, laced with quite a bit of blue crab, and topped with melted cheesy Parmesan goodness... yum! However, my eyes did wander over to notice a neighboring guests noshing on some rather delectable looking calamari... note to self to have the calamari on the next visit! My second course was a battle to choose between the Baby Arugula and the G's House salad. Alas, G's House won out and it was on the money, especially when ordered with extra apple slices. My entree of rack of lamb (4 chops) was served up succulent and moist, accompanied by the potatoes au gratin. My compliments went to the chef because my "a little done with still some pink" request came back perfect! 

Wait service from Aloma was on point! She had great suggestions, offered truthful information when asked, had the right amount of conversation, and was quite attentive throughout our long overstay... Me and the bestie were dining, chatting, and keeping tabs on the SNF game via our cellies! Yes, cells out and in use, at the table of a fine dining establishment... whaaaat???  Seriously!  It's the playoffs!!! 

The #1 Jets fan shared the crab dip, opted out of the green leafy stuff, and ordered the braised beef short rib with sour cream mashed 'taters. The generous portion of boneless beef was tender and covered with just the right amount of sauce. She was quite pleased with her meal and longed for seconds! Indeed, her meal was the perfect prelude to a victory over the Pats!  And the perfect set-up for my Steelers!

No room for dessert this time, as I had my carryout container with my 3 remaining chops in tow. But second note to self is to save room for Mom's apple cake (a la mode, of course), and/or the peanut butter cheesecake that I have been oblivious to, on the next visit to this Midtown gastronomical phenom!!!  Loves it!笑
This was our first stop on our passport tour of some Charlotte restaurants. The drink was good, but the service was excellent. Our waiter/bartender was prompt and very personable. We definitely plan to go back. Our drink, the bees knees was refreshing! Great Job!笑
Had a business dinner, group of eight.   Food was amazing, service was every bit as good.   I had the halibut, and it might have been the best fish I've ever had.   Our waiter went above and beyond.   This is our first time, but we'll definitely be back - and soon.笑
I was thoroughly impressed with everything about Dresslers. The food was excellent. I had the calamari, crab cakes and carrot cake. The customer service was on point, not too nosey but very attentative, and everyone just seemed to be a great mood. The ambiance was nice as well. The back room has very classy decor along with a great view of the outdoor patio and Charlotte skyline. 

I would wholeheartedly recommend this place, and you can bet that I will be going back.笑
The food was super yummy but the server really tried hard to make me feel like a dummy. Trust me, I've eaten at places way nicer than this and I know how to hold my own. No server is going to trip me up and if I have a question I will be sure to ask. Otherwise, leave me alone and let me make my own decisions at my own pace.笑
Request Asa when you come to eat here!!!! My fiancé and I have eaten at several steakhouses and he is by far the best waiter we have ever had. Passion for the food and the owners.. you can tell he loves what he does. Okay, onto the food. The Thai peanut calamari.. must have. I ordered the shrimp and lobster linguini for my entree and it was AMAZING! My fiancé had the halibut.. also amazing. The highlight of the night.. the desserts. Made by Mama Joan Dressler.. the apple cake is the best thing you will have ever tasted. This locally owned Charlotte restaurant did not disappoint. Must Try! We will most definitely be back.笑
My husband and I usually love eating here. But, the last time we went we were VERY disappointed. The food was very good, as usual but the service was way off. I would go as far as to say our server Beth was highly disrespectful to our party. Our table was unattended to and when it was she had a very bad attitude. The service ruined the entire experience and we were so excited to take our family there because this was one of our favorite places. I am very sad to say we will not be going back again.笑
I had a surprise dinner birthday celebration at Dressler's for my wife and invited her closest family members and friends. Many of the out of town guests arrived early. That combined with my wife arriving late created as much as an hour gap.  No worries, the professional staff made the guest feel welcomed and relaxed as they mingled waiting for my wife. 

As dinner began, perfection went to another level. The staff served our 21 guests with the same service as a private dinner for two.  Our guests kept asking what the appetizers were, because they were satisfied as if those could be an entree. After the salads, entrees arrived (ribeye, halibut, crab cakes). The flavor & presentation was perfection! All guests couldn't leave any on their plate. 

We even had a guest that requested a Vegan dish (not on the menu), the chef delivered and our guest enjoyed the custom service. 

Jon Dressler, Kent Voss, Brittany, MJ and the entire kitchen and bar staff made a lasting memory!笑
We went for Mother's Day and there was a fixed menu. My wife had rack of lamb and I had pork ribeye we both had vegetables and dessert. Both of our meals were amazing!!!!  Tender flavorful lamb and moist pork ribeye. We couldn't have asked for a better meal. Service was top notch,helpful and friendly. We recommend this place a definite yes and will definitely be back again.笑
I've only been for cocktails and appitizers but all of their food looks amazing. Their crab dip, calamari and wedge salad are good and i've always received great service.

Also, looks like a great place for parties as they have two large private rooms. 

Can't wait until it cools off because their patio is great especially when they have live music!笑
We dine here a few times a year. The service is exceptional. Each time we are greeted by one of the owners. The servers are top notch and make you feel comfortable. 

The crap dip is delicious with huge pieces of crab meat. yum!  The goat cheese and garlic app is also very good! (I now make this at home)

Te halibut is AMAZING and filling. 

Try this place. I promise you won't be disappointed.笑
The meal we shared was amazing. The flavor and sauces were delicate.  The crab and calamari and the Halibut flakey and moist but the desert, oh the desert was like homemade and just so yumny. Richard was an amazing server and the general manger very attentive. Could not be better! !笑
Dressler's  was a place that was on my bucket list to go to. My wife took me early this month for my birthday and I was not disappointed . The restaurant had a really nice atmosphere the service,and food was great.笑
We went there for New Year's Eve and Valentine's Day (the night before). My wife really likes the lamb, on New Year's Eve lamb was not on the menu (disappointment). They did have Lobster tails and shrimp cocktail... neither of these are on the regular menu. We both got the crab cakes and they were awesome. The night before Valentine's Day they had the regular menu... my wife got the lamb and I opted for the tuna. Both dishes were absolutely fabulous and cooked perfectly. The service was great... except for the billing process. We sat at the table for over 30 minutes after we had finished our meal waiting for the check (after receiving a box for our leftovers) and then waiting more for them to return with the credit slit to sign. Thus, the 4 star rating for the excessive wait time after the meal. BTW: the manager and the waiter passed our table multiple times with the credit card in plain view and neither picked it up. I used Opentable.com for the reservations, no problem there.笑
This was our first time there and everything was great! The food was cooked perfectly and the calamari was some of the best I've ever had. We parked valet with no issues. Looking forward to going back!笑
Great location, great food! Crab dip is amazing. Shrimp appetizer is amazing. Shrimp and grits even received compliments from my Creole born & raised husband! 

Go for the apple cake for dessert! 

Service for quick and attentive. Outdoor seating was lovely. Parking can be kinda crazy in that area of town, valet available. 

Overall, we loved it and will be back very soon!笑
We had a great experience here.  It was our special day on April 7, 2017.  Wade was our waiter. He knew nothing of our day but was so kind and gracious and a wonderful waiter.  I think he kind of knew without saying anything actually.  We were there with a friend and our lunch was amazing. He treated us with such kindness and took great care of us without being there too often but was there just enough to meet all of our needs.  The food was fantastic.  As an appetizer we had the calamari which I really enjoyed. And I try calamari at every restaurant I go to that serves it.  As an entrée I had the fish tacos which I enjoyed very much.  I give this restaurant five stars and we will definitely be back.  Thank you for your excellence and for your staff and again Wade is the waiter to ask for!笑
Big fan of Dressler's - especially for their desserts! So glad they have a midtown location now as I don't get up to Birkdale very often. 

Dressler's is located in the Metropolitan so there is plenty of parking in the deck, and it's got a great spot as there is outdoor seating on a patio with a beautiful view of the city skyline as well as couches along the side of the restaurant to sit at and have drinks while listening to the live music that Metropolitan frequently has on nice summer nights. 

There is a decent bar area inside with a crazy selection of wine, beer and liquor drinks. Be sure to make reservations if you want to have a sit down dinner on a weekend; it can get pretty busy. Service is always very good and the food is fabulous. I've had the crab cakes, Halibut, Mahi Mahi and Salmon - all were very good. And the calamari appetizer is a must. As was mentioned in other reviews, the homemade desserts are out of this world. The peanut butter cheesecake and chocolate cake were fantastic. 

In the end, Dressler's is a little pricey but worth every penny. And a great place to meet with friends for some outdoor catching-up/drinking. And be sure to save room for dessert as it's worth every calorie!笑
Great locally owned restaurant!  Very nice location at the Metropolitan, for the prices we thought it would be an upscale restaurant but the atmosphere its not very "upscale-y"  it was raining so we couldn't sit outside but we had a very nice view of uptown Charlotte.  We started off with the calamari... which was NOT good.. at least not for us. It tasted like tofu and the ginger flavor it was too intense for us... Now we preceded to order another appetizer. The goat cheese appetizer was delicious! highly recommend this... I ordered the halibut and my boyfriend order the 12 oz steak which was AMAZING!... my fish was not  as wonderful as I have heard some of my friends said but it was OK. We will definitely come back to taste more of this food, seems like an amazing spot!笑
Pricey but great food. Probably best to stop here during restaurant week. Not a steakhouse per-say but still has good steaks. Parking is a mess since it's in a busy area. Have had good attentive service every time I went.笑
My fiancé and I went here after eating at The Dogwoods location (another restaurant by the same owner of Dressler's) . Josie, our waitress made the night for us. She was fantastic! The food was great, we had the famous crab dip, then I had the filet special, my lady had the halibut (amazing). We finished with 2 deserts because we are fatty's - the cheesecake and the Apple cake. Seriously though, ask for JOSIE, it's a great dinner with a great view but Josie makes the experience amazing!笑
Excellent food and service.  Had some good IPAs, the calamari (good for two), the G salad and the filet mignon.  Would definitely come back笑
My friend and I went there off peak hours (3:00), nobody was there. Got appetizers it wasn't anything to mention about. We were there for steaks, so here where it all went down hill. Waiter was a moron in the first place. He bought out our steaks and left without our side items we ordered. We both cut into our steaks it was over cooked. I had order a medium rare, it looked more like medium well. Took about 10 mins to even see anybody I even went all around the restaurant. Nobody was there! So he finally came back to check on our steaks which he should have been there for cutting of the steaks in the first place. He said it looks a bit done, so he'll take it back. Moron bought back the same steaks just reheated it and said, the Chef thinks it's about right, maybe it's just the lighting! Are you serious!? Unless you can reverse cook something...what?! I'm baffled!! So we said, it's really dry..and at this point, there is no pink anymore! So he had the chef fired 2 brand new steaks...which we thought it's taking a long time for it. This time the steaks were done the way we want it. You can actually see pink and red center, but I noticed some funny tastes to the side items. I didn't eat much of it. We felt like we had troubled them enough even though it's not our fault. We didn't even touched our order of mushrooms side, I didn't finish most anything on my plate either, yet he didn't bother with asking us if we wanted it to go, not that I would have taken it home anyway. Maybe I should have to use it as evidence that everything had a weird taste to it and have it examined. With all that said after we got home both of us were sick afterwards. Then I figured it had that medicine tastes on the sides...must be laxative or some sort. Can't be a coincidence we both had the same sickness at the same time. NOT GOING THERE AGAIN! FU Dresslers! If it's fatal...I'm sueing.笑
This is my favorite restaurant in Charlotte for a nice steak dinner. Start with the calamari then on to a signature steak, and apple cake for desert! Great martini menu and drinks. I highly recommend this restaurant for special occasions or a nice night out!笑
Great service, good food, nothing that will make me hurry back here. Ordered the ribeye medium-rare, was a definite medium, which given the size dried it out a bit. It was seasoned well as were the sides. I would return if someone else in the party chose the restaurant, but if my choice of either steakhouse or generally upscale restaurant, it wouldn't be the top of the list. That said, I seem to have the minority opinion given the 4-5 star reviews, maybe just an off night in the kitchen.笑
Not sure why the prior reviews were so glowing... we thought the food was good, but not spectaular and the service extremely uneven and when it did appear, border on ill-trained rudeness.  Every bloody time the server approached the table, he immediately interupted the conversation.  For the prices charged, this place needs to get its act together before we will return.笑
In Charlotte for the weekend and happened upon this restaurant. Drinks were mediocre, we had martinis. Food was delicious. My only grip is the ice queen hostess with reddish blonde hair who didn't even greet us when we entered. We walked in and were escorted to the last seat in the back of the restaurant( you be the judge).Thank goodness our waiter was friendly because our next step was to high tail it over to the restaurant across the patio.笑
WOW. The philosophy at Dressler's Restaurants is simple: Everyone who walks through our doors is either already a friend, or will be. Our entire experience embraced that. 

Fantastic meal with even better service. My friend and I went for a Treat Yourself Thursday dinner. Dressler's is located in the Met. Complimentary valet will park your car or you can park it yourself in the garage. 

The interior had a swanky and classy but not over the top feel. The entire menu looked fantastic. Our server made fantastic food recommendations so we decided to order them. In true Treat Yo'self form, we decided that wine was on the docket. They have an iPad which serves as their wine, beer, cocktail, dessert menu. We decided to trust it to the pros and told the manager/wine-guy our budget and food choices and let him go from there. He really delivered! 

The calamari was great. Instead of rings and tentacles, they used calamari steaks that were cut into strips, soaked in buttermilk, lightly battered and fried. They served it tossed in a Thai peanut sauce with wasabi drizzle. A completely different but amazing calamari experience. 

For entrees, we chose the Just for the Halibut and Heart of Ribeye. Both fantastic choices. It was a great surf-and-turf combo. This is one of those places were you shouldn't skip dessert. The cheesecake was killer. Not dense and overly sweet like some places, but light and almost refreshing. 

Overall, it was a pricey but totally worth it meal. I would recommend it for special occasions or just when you feel fancy. 

Thanks for a wonderful evening, Dressler's. I'm looking forward to returning soon.笑
1st time at Dresslers and it was better than I thought it would be. The hype actually had substance. We had the calamari, crab cakes, shrimp, and the crab dip! Sounds like entrees right, those were the appetizers. The shrimp & grits were great. The halibut very tasty all in all very diverse menu and the staff was very accommodating so make a pit stop soon!笑
Excellent food and excellent service! We will definitely be back and recommend this place for any special occasion!! I ordered the filet and it came out perfect! He ordered the porterhouse and absolutely loved it. Can't wait to try the other items on the menu!笑
This review is long overdue! I've dined at Dressler's with my mister, taken prospective employees out to dinner here, and hosted a retirement party lunch here. Like a lot of people, I fall into restaurant ruts, but that is not the case with Dressler's. So, why the multiple visits? 

To start, the view is great, especially if you happen to dine on a warm evening and can eat outside. Lots of great people watching from that vantage! The decor inside is sophisticated enough to impress a client or for a celebration, but casual enough to have a nice meal without a lot of fuss. On my several visits here, the food has been consistently good from appetizers through dessert. I have to say, I am partial to the pork chop or the ribeye steak. I want to note as well the expansive gluten-free menu with a range of options beyond salads like a lot of other restaurants. 

I also want to second how seamless event planning is here. Rhonda was a pleasure to work with, and the wait staff were so accommodating. I work for a state agency, so we can't expense alcohol, but the bar staff was still able to create a custom "mocktail" so that we could toast our retiring staff member. Great, right?笑
Impeccable service and amazing food!  We love Dresslers!  The atmosphere is great and although it is on the higher end food/price wise, the atmosphere is casual and comfortable and not at all stuffy.  We've tried almost every appetizer on the menu and the calamari is the best, but the crab dip and tuna (ask for extra wasabi cream) run a close second and third.  My fiance likes to get the ribeye or braised short ribs and loves both - I prefer the crab cakes which are delish and ask for extra pecan remoulade - you won't regret it.  And the dessert...oh the desserts - hand made by the mother of the owner and her daily cheesecake flavor is always a good choice.  Definitely a great place for dinner and both locations are great - Huntersville has a great Birkdale location and Metro has a wonderful view of the skyline.笑
Ask for Jerry. He did an excellent job with us our first time there. We had a terrific meal. We got the low country crab dip for appetizer. It was served just right. The Gs house salad was very good. My wife had the filet and I had the halibut (which was mahi due to halibut being out of season). They were both excellent. For dessert we had there special cheesecake which was a peanut butter with like an Oreo crust. Of course we devoured it. 
All in all a terrific place with great atmosphere, view and service.笑
My fiancee and I went to Dresslers for our three year anniversary. We've been to Dresslers a few times and it is hands down our favorite restaurant in Charlotte. The ambiance is amazing and to further things we sat outside during a beautiful night with an awesome view of downtown Charlotte. Very romantic :).

The food was absolutely terrific as usual. I don't know if I'll ever be able to get calamari anywhere after having Dresslers' calamari. The best parts of calamari lightly dipped in wasabi sauce and a signature sauce. Phenomenal! I had the scallop salad and thinking the scallops would be small but they were definitely jumbo but the salad was not too filling. My fiancee got the blackened heart of ribeye which he said was cooked to perfection. After trying a bite I agreed.

The thing that really sets Dresslers apart for me from other restaurants in Charlotte is the service. Kent was our server and he made the dining experience one of the best I've ever had. Extremely attentive and he even convinced me to try the scallop salad. He even said he remembered us coming in and we got a complimentary dessert and sherry for celebrating our anniversary there! Just an unbelieveable dining experience and would recommend this restaurant to anyone in Charlotte.笑
I have drive past this place several times going to Trader Joes but never really paid it any attention until I saw a few reviews on Yelp. My boyfriend and I were celebrating an anniversary and wanted to try somewhere new. I am so glad we tried Dresslers ! We made reservations and was able to easily get the time we wanted. The hostess was really nice and very personable. We were seated quickly and had a great view of downtown. The hostesses asked if we were celebrating anything special and brought out complimentary champagne which was a nice touch. The food was great we had the crab dip for appetizer and we both had the ribeye entree and the apple crisp for dessert. This is differently a must try restaurant !笑
I took my daughter here for a pre graduation dinner. We used a Groupon and the waitress was very helpful. The food was AMAZING! The crab cake was delicious. I got the filet mignon and my daughter got the braised ribs, they were coooked perfectly.  The staff was exceptionally nice. The manager visited our table and made small talk with my daughter. She thought it was cool that he knew about Chance the rapper being in town. I would definitely recommend Dresslers to everyone.  I can't wait to return.笑
A solid experience here last night for a work party of 7. The food was super. Across the board from the steak to halibut to the duck (my favorite) it was wonderful and creative. Extensive wine list but the iPad wine list is a bit cumbersome for an old guy like me. The staff (including the owners husband) made us feel like frequent diners and the most important people in the room. I gather that is their standard engagement based on noting them engaging with other clients. Save room for the home made deserts! A very cool be at this place.笑
Not very happy after tonight's visit... Food was undercooked for both of us and we ended up having to pay full price for bottle of wine because apparently if you have a Groupon (which doesn't even cover alcohol) they penalize you for having it. Tonight's dinner ended up costing more than our norm. Really unhappy and we were regulars so I'm not sure that we will return.笑
Good gluten free dining option if you are  menu savvy.  My husband and I dined here today for lunch.  We had a great overall experience.  We were seated promptly and our waitress was both speedy and friendly.  The restaurant does not offer a separate gluten free menu nor does it designate any menu items as gluten free.  Our waitress was not knowledgeable on the subject either.  So, if you have to maintain a gluten free diet you're on you own here.  My husband and I ordered the grilled chicken risotto.  It was DELICIOUS.  Loved it.  So good.  For dessert my husband tried the key lime pie.  He said it was good, not great, but good standard key lime pie.  I had the Creme Brulee (the only gluten free dessert option).  I was a little wary after having a bad creme brulee at Bernardin's, but as it was my only option I went for it.  The difference was night and day.  It was very good and I was happy with my choice.  One thing to look out for, the dining room is quite noisy.  My husband and I were able to converse but it was mildly challenging.  Overall a great dining experience we wouldn't hesitate to do again.笑
We just stopped into Dressler's tonight for some appetizers and drinks. Based on our experience tonight, with our bartender, we will absolutely be back for sure! My friends ordered a standard drink and as I was contemplating the drink I wanted, our bartender ( I think Ross) informed us that he had made a plum simple syrup, so he made me a drink with that and some gin. After two, I was buzzed and the drinks were smooth and strong! Thanks to this bartender and the delicious appetizers with an affordable price tag and living right across the street... We Will Be Back! #changedtodresslerfans笑
Food-Very Good-Scallops with Lobster Risotto
Dessert-Excellent-Apple Cake 
Service-Excellent-Server was kind, knowledgeable and attentive. 
I really like this place. When you walk in they make you feel special. 

Birkdale Location笑
Loved it! This ended up being the perfect place to take my family from out of town on Sat. night. From the moment I made a reservation till the check came the service was excellent. The only reason I did not give this place 5 stars was my entree was a little bland I was hoping for a little more - but you know I didn't listen to the waitresses suggestions so maybe that was my bad. 

The menu is filled with fresh fish, and steak options. I thoroughly enjoyed the appetizers the calamari was some of the best I've ever had prepared Asian style with peanut sauce and wasabi I could have devoured the whole dish myself...next was the smoked salmon carpaccio I have been thinking about this dish ever since I left. Next time I just might eat the carpaccio as my meal. 

My dad and sister had the lamb and they raved about it and my little sister ordered the Mahi Mahi there was nothing left on her plate and they do serve you a decent size plate here folks. The trout dish my step-mom and I ordered was a little disappointing needed some sauce or seasoning. I will definitely be back the atmosphere the staff and the food were all top notch. Really sad I didn't save room for dessert next time for sure.笑
One of the best restaurants I've ever been to in my life.  The food is great, the server was excellent and the Charlotte skyline, when seen at dusk, is very, very nice.  We will be regulars here.笑
My husband and I had dinner here last night. After moving here from Chicago, where there are amazing places to eat, we were disappointed. The greeting and way we were treated was very disappointing. We came in without reservations and were treated like outsiders. Then asked if we were there to use a groupon. Does that matter? No, we were not there to use one. We just randomly decided to dine there. We were there less than an hour and spent about $125. The server was good but just turned off by the managers at the door acting as if we were not up to the standards of their restaurant. I work in an industry and host dinners frequently but I will not be returning here anytime soon.笑
Very disappointed with Dressler's. I've been to Dressler's several times now. The quality of their food have gone down. This time was will be the last time I go to Dressler's. I went there with my husband who didn't like Dressler's but obliged me. I had the chicken with risotto entree which I have ordered a few times before. This time the risotto was runny and the chicken was sitting on top of a runny mess of water. The chicken was overcooked. I hate it when restaurants food quality and quantity are not consistent. The quality of the food declined since the first visit. Won't be going back.笑
When here yesterday with the Hubby for our date night dinner and a movie. Hostess was nice and greeted us. Our server was fabulous as we (wish I could remember his name). My husband and I order the crab dip which was amazing!! A must get. We also ordered the wedge also good, I got the Just for the halibut, fish was great, potato cake that comes with it not so much. My Husband got the seafood and grits with a tomato sauce, it was ok a little under season. Also Tim, the owner sent a carrot cake to the table after speaking to my hubby and it was divine!!! So great since I am a carrot cake expert. 

Overall the food was delicious, the wait staff can't be beat and the atmosphere was great as well. I would definitely be back and recommend to a friend.笑
This place is nice! I had the pleasure of dining at this establishment on 11/10/16 for a Celebration. I drove up, and was thrilled to see valet parking. They have an outdoor patio with really nice furniture. It was a little chilly, but I'm sure it is quite nice in the spring and summer. The organization that I'm apart of planned heavy horderves. We had chicken, bacon wrapped scallops, beef tenderloins, low country crab dip, goat cheese&garlic on pita bread, and lump crab cake. I kid you not when I say "Every single item was cooked to perfection!" I plan on going back with my husband. Excellent job Dressler Metropolitan!笑
Wowza. I can't believe it's taken me 3 years in Charlotte to make it to this place. From the minute I looked at their menu online, I was drooling over the food. Finally made it last night, to celebrate my wedding anniversary with my wife.

Upon being seated, we were greeted by the manager with two glasses of champaign (on the house) to welcome us on our anniversary. The two servers who were taking care of us were extremely knowledgeable and detailed in their reviews and explanations of menu items. (William, you're awesome). 

Appetizers: Thai Peanut Calamari & Low Country Crab Dip - The Calamari was cut into large 'steaks', unlike most places with traditional rings. These were very meaty, cooked to perfection, and the thai peanut sauce blended perfectly with the slight tang of the wasabi aioli. The crab dip was probably the best I've had at a restaurant - full of large lump pieces of crab and covered in cheese. A stand out dish for sure.

Salad: G's House - The goat cheese was paired well with the house made balsamic vinaigrette in this. I'm usually not a big goat cheese fan, but this salad really worked. 

Entrees: 9oz Filet Mignon & Just for the Halibut - the filet was cooked exactly as ordered, and covered in a delicious mushroom demi glaze. The mashed potatoes had a delicious flavor that was perfect with the demi. While a filet is always good, it really couldn't stand up against how phenomenal the Halibut dish was. There were so many distinct flavors that all paired perfectly together. The sun dried tomato sauce was amazing with the chive potato cake, as well as with one big bite of halibut & crab. It'll be hard to order anything different next time I go, that's how good it is. 

Dessert: Mom's Carrot Cake & Mom's Apple Cake - The apple cake was good, if not a little bit too try in my opinion. I wouldn't be in a rush to order again. I know many other reviews rave about it, so I may have had a one-off experience with it. Mom's Carrot Cake, however, was incredible. Moist & covered in a cream cheese frosting, exactly the way it should be. 

TL;DR: Get the calamari appetizer & the Just for the Halibut entree. You literally cannot go wrong here.笑
Amazing service, amazing food, amazing environment. A triple threat to say the least!笑
Scene was sexy. Nice view of the city and overall romantic ambiance. We received excellent Maybe because there were only like 4 tables full,listen lol. Nevertheless we basically had 3 servers who were very polite, prompt, and pleasant. The food was awesome. I ordered the seafood shrimp and grits which included shrimp, lobster, sausage and I think crab it was lovely. He ordered the shrimp and lobster linguini!!!!  It was sex in our mouth lol overall it was a lovely experience and we had an awesome bottle of c wine. I can't do classes I have to have bottles :)笑
This is an ultimate favorite of my family because the restaurant aims to please. Their philosophy is based on friendliness. They always correct their food mistakes and are always working with customers to make sure that they have the best experience here! My family comes here mostly because we are OBSESSED with their carrot cake (which is a recipe of the owner's mother), but also because the food is appetizing too -- like their peanut Thai calamari.笑
Date night and loved it.  Service was perfect.  Very attentive and intelligent.   Food was great...riibeye and salmon quite good.  Ambiance was nice for a romantic evening.  I would definitely recommend for date night.笑
I've been here for Yelp events, drinks, and dinner all of which were great.  I enjoy this location as well as the one up at the Lake.

For this particular visit it was only drinks.  As always, the experience was a pleasure.笑
We love Dressler's. Come here every time I visit from Chicago. We appreciated our server, Terry, for his great advice and recommendations. Our rib eye was perfectly cooked and the potatoes delicious. Terry surprised us with wonderful desserts and sparkling bubbly. Such a treat!笑
I have eaten here numerous times as well as their first restaurant. I really cannot think of a thing bad to say about this place other than I just hate it when the food on my plate is all gone. Especially Jon's Mothers desserts. The cheesecake is completely out of this world. She put a whole lot of love into those delicacies. Everything from the coffee to salads, baked potatoes, and steaks are wonderful and full of flavor. Chef Scott really knows how to cook a steak. And no matter how thick it is, if you order it well-done, don't expect it to be cut open to check if it is done. He is just that good of chef to know when a steak is done without having to gash into it. They have always came out full of juice and so flavorful. The salmon and lamb is also something that is very good here. I have never had anything go wrong here. We love it here.笑
Dressler's is hands down my favorite restaurant in Charlotte! Amazing food, friendly staff, and wonderful service.  It's an upscale restaurant with a friendly down home kind of feel.  In fact the owner, Jon even came by our table last time I was there to introduce himself.  You won't find that at too many upscale restaurants.  If you're looking for great food and welcoming atmosphere I would recommend that you definitely check out Dressler's!笑
Great food, great drinks, great service. Their calamari is some of the best I have tasted in the city!笑
We decided to visit Dressler's for Restaurant Week.  A great decision!  We have been to other places during restaurant week and have been extremely disappointed.  As soon as they found out we were ordering from the special menu we became second class citizens not worthy of their time.  NOT SO WITH DRESSLER'S.  We were treated exactly the same as we would have been if we were there on a regular night.  Our waiter (Michael) was attentive and the food was incredible.  The service impeccable and we all had meals we loved.  We will make it a point to return.  Couldn't ask for anything more.  It was noisy however, and we asked for a quiet table and were given one in the back room, which is usually for private parties.  A wonderful place.  We all highly recommend it.

Valet parking is a nice touch too.笑
Just had an amazing anniversary dinner with the whole family, and everything was wonderful. The staff, especially our waiter Kevin, was attentive and efficient. I had the rack of lamb and it was delicious! There were 8 of us ordering cocktails, salads, appetizers, entrees and desserts with coffee and we had zero complaints! Only joy and well fed happiness!笑
Went here for dinner. Fried oysters were delicious!  All the appetizers that my group had were really good.  The Halibut entrée was top notch. The apple cake and chocolate lava cake desserts were really good. Service was good considering we were a party of 18. Would definitely return.笑
Had lunch here last Friday with three buddies.  

First off, I have to bitch about the parking at the Metropolitan complex - it is horrible!  Spaces are too small and you risk life and limb to enter the parking deck.

Anyway, Dressler's is a beautiful space and we were seated and greeted promptly.  Our server was knowledgeable and pleasant.  I had the Buffalo Chicken Quesadilla which was quite good.  The heat of the chicken was countered by the blue cheese and the rest of the garnishes on the plate.  it was a large serving.

My friends had  good experiences as well.  As I recall, one had a very large grilled chicken salad, another had a grilled chicken sandwich and our fourth had the turkey sandwich.  All very good and fairly large.

Would definitely go back for either lunch or dinner.笑
I know this is supposed to be mentioned later but the food was excellent.  I had the shrimp and grits plate and my wife had a airline chicken plate. This is on their March 2014 menu. Service from the host stand to the server to management touching our table mid meal, to being thanked on the way out was extraordinary. The price per portion was equal. We will definitely go again.笑
Lunch review. Will not be coming back for lunch. Calamari salad was good but needed xtra avacodo. Shrimp and Grits was bad. They used small and ugly shrimp and the sausage suck. Chicken sandwich was dry. Tuna gyro was over cooked with no taste and thier crab and pasta salad tasted like garbage. The service was awesome.笑
We've eaten at Dressler's before... both in the restaurant and outside, which is nice.  

The last couple of times we've been we've sat at the bar and have loved our experiences there!

The two bartenders that we've had the pleasure of being served by are Brian & Rowena.  They are on top of everything.  Extremely friendly, helpful, knowledgeable...so good at what they do.

Brian seems to be a masterful bartender... (not knocking Rowena in any way) One evening we went in and he had...on his own... before work, bought rhubarb at the Kings Rd. Farmers Market.

While we were there he was chopping it up & sent it back to the kitchen for them to reduce it to a simple syrup.  He generously made us a drink with this super-tasty syrup and a bit of aperol & something else.  It was soooo good!  A bright, refreshing, summer cocktail!

The appetizers (1/2 price in the early evening) are soooo good.  The calamari is lightly battered and lightly fried, but it's long tenders of the calamari. (so if you don't like the little, crunchy octopus babies - no worries)

The Thai Chili Shrimp is good and the Crab Dip is so full of large chunks -omg- more, please.

So - all in all - I think we'll be skipping the dining room & stay at the bar with Brian & Rowena!笑
Has ambience, food was good, service was on point. Went there for our anniversary celebration, we loved it. Would come back again!!笑
This is a great restaurant! The decor makes it an intimate setting. The food is absolutely delicious & I haven't had anything bad at this place. It's worth the price! Crab cakes are simply amazing!!!笑
Sorry about that Dressler! I apparently selected the wrong restaurant when completing my last review. For that, I do apologize!笑
This is a return trip to Dresslers and an outstanding meal.  Wine menu is excellent , service is outstanding.   Started with the calamari Thai style and the Seared Scallops with a bottle of Hilltop Select Cabernet partnered with the seared Tuna which was excellent.  Topped off with Cheesecake.笑
Nice place with lovely outdoor seating area. Filet and short ribs both very good. 
Cheesecake is phenomenal. Valet parking.笑
Fantastic pre-wedding dinner (and yes, we got married on 12/12/12 at the courthouse, cause that's how classy people roll!) and everything was perfect! We met some friends there who were going to be our witnesses.  They got there slightly ahead of us, and by the time we were there, they had already ordered a bottle of champagne, and were seated in an awesome banquette that looked back towards the city sky line as the sun set, so it was a perfect prelude to dinner. And since I don't drink anymore, they even had a Redbull on ice for me! 

The service was really perfect, and our server was hilarious and played along with the whole wedding theme, etc.  He really made the night.  

The food more than held it's own.  Too be honest, I only remember what I had, since I was caught up in all the other goings on of the day, but my cowboy rib-eye was cooked perfectly and tasted perfect.  Everyone else cleaned their plates, so I think I'm safe in saying they were thumbs up as well.

We'll be back here again I'm sure, hopefully sooner rather than later.笑
When we walked in with reservations they immediately sat us exactly where we wanted outside and made sure we had the best view of the city available. They promptly took our drink orders and made sure we had everything we needed. The food and drinks came out in perfect time and they checked on us just the right amount. 

The food was delicious and cooked to our order specifications. I had the Lamb Shank. The crab dip and fried okra were delicious. 

It was a phenomenal experience. We will go back.笑
Great food, great service. Everything was just really good, and the experience was top notch. Will return often.笑
A group of my family and friends had dinner at Dressler's on July 23rd. First the good ... very nice ambiance, view, general surroundings and top notch service. The bad was well, the food! I started with the calamari - it was bland and blah. I had salmon for my main course and it was fishy tasting and overcooked. They couldn't even make a decent lava cake for dessert as it turned out very dry and tasteless. All on all, great atmosphere and superb service but absolutely terrible food. I will not be returning.笑
Great locally owned restaurant!  Very nice location at the Metropolitan.  Huge dining room, including private dining rooms in the back and a great patio overlooking uptown Charlotte.  The goat cheese appetizer was delicious and my steak was cooked to perfection.  The staff was super friendly and the owner as well as the manager came over to check on us during our meal...which was much appreciated.  I will be back!笑
DELICIOUS! I had the crab cakes and some craft beer. The only thing I would say is more sauce with the crab cakes. My friend had the pork chop which was also delicious and hearty. As for the decor, I would say it's a little out dated but I like some of the light fixtures. Our server was lovely, and I wish I could remember her name. I will definitely be back, when I can afford it ;)笑
The service was great.  The food was good.  However, the portions were small...especially for the price.  

We got the Calamari as an appetizer.  It was good, but had a lot of wasabi on it.  If I had it to do over, I would have ordered it without that and I would have liked it better.

I had the crab cakes as my meal with a side of Mac and cheese.  The crab cakes were delicious, but you only get 2 fairly small ones.  I could easily handle three which seems a little more proportionate for a dinner. The Mac and cheese was good.

My girlfriend got the flounder special which she said was really good.

Add two cups of coffee and 20% tip and our meal was a little over $90.

I will definitely go back because there were several items on the menu that looked good.笑
Wow what an experience. I came as part of a group of friends and what a delightful experience! From the moment I walked until we left we were delighted. The food was amazing, from the low country  crab dip appetizer which was truly to die for, to the Gs salad which was amazing, to the Halibut out of this world, to the Moms New York cheesecake. Wow. Divine. The service was absolutely outstanding, was blown away. Matthew is a true professional and really explained us the menu well and made sure our evening was a complete success. He was kind, friendly, efficient  and very knowledgeable. Kudos Dresslers for one of the best experiences ever!笑
Simply delicious! The atmosphere is friendly and beautiful, with attentive staff and quick service. The baked pimento cheese appetizer was to die for and the halibut main I ordered was one of the best most indulgent fish courses I have ever had. The desserts are a must and I tried the carrot cake, cheesecake, and apple cake and would be hard pressed to choose between them. Perfect for a celebration or upscale date. Loved it all.笑
Was very impressed - went during busy Resturant Week at the Metro location -  both service and food were Great - and yes the cheesecake is a Must!!!! Thank me later ~笑
This was my second time at dresslers.   I ordered the app goat cheese in olive oil an pita bread amazing , it's fresh roasted garlic in olive oil n goat cheese w warm pita bread.   my entree was the steak I believe they call beef heart.  The steak was so juicy an tender an the blue cheese butter just melted over the steak n the mashed potatoes were good but I'd like them a little more warm w melted butter.  The cheesecake desert was just melting in your mouth so much food I couldn't finish all my cheesecake lol. The cheesecake is not heavy very light the chocolate cake looked amazing I'm gonna try that next time.笑
I don't know why I've never been here before until last night but it will become my go to place with the hubby on those rare date nights. It's the perfect size space for a nice intimate dinner and the view of the city skyline is spectacular. Definitely have to come back during the spring and summer to enjoy the patio and city lights.

The menu is a good mix of steaks and seafood. The sides are a little southern comfort and trendy bites made to perfection. The crab dip alone will make me drive form the SC border to midtown (no sharing next time) along with the well poured cocktails. 

The Waite staff was attentive and quick to accommodate.  The manager even came over and checked in on us and when we asked for a table by the window, it was no problem. 

I'll be back and next time with the husband so he can treat. 

5/14
Thanks for the ROTd on my birthday/Mother's Day!!!!笑
After reading all the fanfare, I decided to give it a try.   The decor is chic, classy and elegant but not stuffy.  As for the food (which is my main focus), I say its 'just ok'.... not worth going out of the way for.

Plus:  The thick 2 inch diameter crab cake ($9 for 1 or $18 for 2) was good.   It isn't the most gigantic crab cake around (in fact, I think it's a bit small).  It has good flavor, lots of real crab meat, not greasy or dry and tasted just right.  Comes with a small handful of salad greens.

Con:  The scallop appetizer ($12) was a disappointment.  I've had MUCH fresher scallop elsewhere.  The 2 scallops are covered with a sweet sauce in disgust but underneath, the texture of the scallops seemed to indicate they've sat around for awhile causing the meat to toughen and lose moistness.  The underlying overly salted taste of the muscle is probably from the scallops sitting in a salty water bath too long.  The preparation is also a failure.   It isn't seared to crispy on the outside as it should.  For the money, I'd NOT recommend spending it on 2 underwhelming scallops.

I also got a salad which is decent but nothing to write home about.  All salads are $5, which I think is very reasonablely priced compared to other items on the menu.   As for service, my waitress was attentive and helpful and genuinely nice - thumbs up.

I'd say this is a good place for business/social dinners due to it's decor and comfortable setting.  But I'm the type that doesn't mind hole-in-the-walls as long as the food is superb - so this place is not for me.笑
Oh wow oh wow. I'm a big fan of Charlotte local eateries, but Dressler's takes the cake...the CHEESECAKE. 

For days, I've been talking about Jon Dressler's mama's Peanut Butter Cheesecake. OMG it was one of the best desserts I've ever had. But I won't get ahead of myself, let's go through the digs and the meal first. 

This new location is nestled into the upscale Midtown shopping center and is easy to find and to park. Inside, it's a nicely styled upscale restaurant, complete with comfy booths and a decent sized bar. There is also a nice patio, but it was hella hot, so we chose to dine indoors. 

Our server was extremely knowledgeable and very friendly, offering suggestions and personal feedback on potential menu choice for all parties. I ordered the Tuna Seared to Perfection - a sizeable piece of sashimi grade tuna, you know it, seared to perfection over a tasty rice cake. The best part was, however, the insanely delicious peanut sauce that was drizzled over the tuna and the plate. It was just enough not to overpower the item. 

Price wise, it's comparable to other upscale eateries, expect to pay roughly $20-$30 ish per entree, but it is worth it. Completely. All six of us ordered different menu items and adored them. Make sure you hear about the specials too, they sounded great. 

And back to the cheesecake...it was peanut buttery goodness in one little slice of heaven. Creamy cheesecake with the right amount of peanut butter and the perfect number of chocolate chips, all set on the most delicious chocolate crust. They should seriously make it a menu item, as it was a dessert special the night I went. Jon Dressler made a call to his mother as we were making our way out, and let my mom and I pay compliments to her dessert handiwork. Not only was she extremely humble, but she was just as sweet as her creations. 

I can't wait to go back to Dressler's for the fantastic food, great service, and, of course, the peanut butter cheesecake.笑
I had family come into town the day before Valentines Day, and after scouring the city for a nice restaurant that still had an open reservation I found Dressler's. The ambiance is a upscale but the food was not overly pricey. What we ate was awesome, and the service was superb. Plus, the entire wall facing the city skyline is windows so there is a great view.  We enjoyed our experience here an will definitely be back.笑
Wow! Dressler's sure has a way of making you feel special! The service overall was great- Richard our server was excellent!! 

We came to celebrate a birthday and were treated like royalty.  Richard listened to our tastes and would make suggestions when we asked.  He was always spot on- we had the Bees Knees(yum) fig old fashioned and some excellent kind of daiquiri!  The calamari & crap dip were wonderful! 

We had shrimp & grits, sirloin special and just for the halibut.  All were delicious! We had 3 different desserts loved the apple cake & peanut butter cheesecake (and I don't even normally like cheesecake).笑
My wife and I went to Dressler's on a Friday night for "date night".  Our service was really good but I can't say enough about the pork special they had that night.  It was great and the potatoes and green beans that came with it made a perfect match.  We topped it off with probably the best cheesecake I've ever eaten.  Our waiter told us they were made with Momma Dressler's receipe in the restaurant daily.笑
How have I never written a review about this place?  We've been 4 or 5 times now, and each time has been pretty spectacular.  Their calamari is my second favorite in the entire city, and their desserts are to die for.

The fella and I used our Groupon last night and first had drinks at the bar.  I tried a couple of cocktails (for Yelp research purposes, of course) and both were inventive and delicious.  The fella got his usual dirty martini and was excited they carried Tito's Vodka.

For dinner, fella got the special - roasted duck with cherries on top and a side of Brussels sprouts with bacon and fingerling potatoes ($30).  I'm not sure he noticed how many times my fork wandered over to his plate, but delicious doesn't quite cover it.  I decided on the filet ($29), which was the first time I've tried their steak.  It came with grilled asparagus and mashed potatoes, which were thick and fluffy at the same time.  The filet was good, but it had a mushroom sauce on top - I'm not a huge mushroom fan, and I should've asked them to leave it off because it gave the filet a comfort food/pot roast taste when I was looking for a rare, juicy meat taste.

Our waitress was attentive and personable, and I appreciated the manager coming over to check-in and thank us for stopping by.  You can't beat the view of uptown at night, and the atmosphere is fancy without being stuffy.笑
The menu is incredible with amazing flavors.  The food is polished and not over done.  The restaurant is comfortable and beautiful with a view from the city skyline that is perfect for a romantic evening.  The service is wonderful, with the right amount of attention that is not over bearing.笑
Met a friend here for dinner and thought it was very good. We started with the crab dip and it was tasty. It would have been better if it was served with crostini as opposed to just sliced crusty bread. She had the scallops and loved them. I had the shirt ribs and they were pretty good. I've had better but they were tender and tasty. The portion of mashed potatoes with the short ribs was crazy! So. Many. Potatoes. The blackberry mule was also good. Service was great. I am new to charlotte so will keep exploring before returning but I would recommend.笑
Absolutely a terrible experience - they definitely do care this evening cannot get served. No bread service, wrong starter brought out.笑
I had lunch with some coworkers last week for a friends birthday. I knew big business types eat there so I felt a little under dressed. Other than the overall classiness

I had the French onion soup and the Cuban for lunch. The soup was awesome - nice thick cheese layer that just congealed onto the onion and bread. Even though it was a little pricey ($7) it was awesome and I would definitely get it again. 

I lived in Miami for a couple of years and got to know Cuban food pretty well. This wasn't anything compared to authentic but pretty darn delicious. Traditional Cuban - overall good. 

I'd recommend this place. Just know you are gonna pay a little more笑
The salmon carpaccio, calamari and tenderloin appetizers were delightful.  I'm looking forward to going back and ordering the crab dip and an entree.  The bartenders were fantastic and I would consider going back just for them.  They said they have half priced appetizers from 5:30-7:30pm during the weekdays (double check that because I had A LOT of yummy wine there tonight and I may have misunderstood).  I'll definitely be back for more.笑
Fabulous for lunch, especially outdoor seating during nice weather. I haven't had dinner there yet, but if it is anything like Dressler's in Huntersville then it is an A plus experience.笑
Very solid. More upscale than another good local eatery, Beef 'N Bottle, but the service, location, and food is great. The portions here are pretty hearty and the service we get is helpful and knowledgeable. I ordered the lamb and then requested mint jelly on the side. Hopefully, the chef didn't get offended, but I must have that lamb/mint combo!

If you want to try on the cheap, look out for their LivingSocial deals, which I don't understand as it's already pretty popular.

Their desserts are mostly the "mother's recipe" which makes them have a more local feel. No fancy desserts here, but the key lime pie was a refreshing finish to a recent meal. It had the perfect cheesecake consistency.笑
I was in Charlotte for a convention this past weekend, and on Saturday night we headed out for dinner. After the place we originally decided to go to was packed, we found ourselves at Dressler's. It turned out to be a blessing in disguise as our experience was fantastic!

When we walked in, we were greeted and our coats were checked. We were in a bit of a hurry as we had to get back for an evening event at the conference and the waiter was more than accommodating. He made sure that we got our food efficiently without sacrificing quality - and the steak was to die for! Perfectly cooked and delicious. 

The waiter also gave us numerous recommendations for other things to do or places to go while we were in town. And to give us the full "Dressler's experience" he also brought out 2 desserts on the house - a cheesecake and an apple bundt cake. I can't speak to the bundt as I don't love apple desserts personally, but the cheesecake was wonderfully light and just the right amount of sweet. 

Overall, it was a great experience at Dressler's!笑
I ate here with my son and my boyfriend. We loved everything about it. We chose to sit outside and enjoy the view of the city as the sun was setting. Our waiter came right out to take our order and was very attentive. He brought out the drink menu and let me know what kid-friendly drinks they have. Our waiter was very kind, helpful and he wasn't hovering. The atmosphere was so relaxing with the view of the city, the light music playing, and the single candle on the table. The food was wonderful. We ordered the crab dip and the okra as appetizers and they both were delicious. Our main course, I ordered Just for the Halibut, I loved it. My boyfriend orders the lamb, he devoured it. My son ordered from the appetizer menu, the beef medallions. I tried one, they, too, were delicious. We ordered drinks, I believe one was called the bees knees and the other was Dressler's coffee and both were very good. Although, our favorite would have to be Dressler's coffee. 

As it cooled off, someone came out to ask if we were comfortable because if not, if we were cold they had different sized capes we could wear to keep warm. 

We were impressed. The food, service and atmosphere at this restaurant is what I wish we could have all of the time. We will be coming back and bringing our friends.笑
Dressler's is the kind of restaurant I like going to when I feel like having a very nice and very expensive meal, without having to look as if I'm an investment banker that's just made himself another half-billion dollars on the sale of who knows what, and that's my Mercedes S550 that's parked out front.* 

I've come here twice now, and both times, I've been knocked off my feet from how outstanding Dressler's is, both to its commitment to fine dining, and the way the staff treats you like an honored guest. Really, they do. Nothing I hate more than being greeted by a surly or condescending host/hostess that shoots you that smug "You're Abe Froman? The Sausage King of Chicago?"** look, while giving you grief over your reservation  - actually, we were 10 minutes late, but they weren't too crowded, so they sat us immediately.

Last night was our second visit to Dressler's. We'd been looking forward to coming back after our first visit, which was wonderful in its own right. To our delight, we were offered a table outside. Let me paint the picture for you: you're facing the greenway off Metropolitan Avenue, you have an unfettered view of uptown Charlotte from where you've been seated - and watching the light show on the Duke Tower is truly wonderful - and you couldn't ask for a nicer August evening, free from oppressive humidity. In other words, the perfect spot for a fantastic meal and some people watching.

We were greeted by our waiter, who identified himself as Johnny Utah***. Seriously. Helpful, attentive, exactly what you want in a waiter.

The wedge salad is a staple in any fine dining establishment, and their Wedgie is no exception. Yeah, it's a wedge salad, but it's a phenomenal wedge salad. I also sampled their grilled sausage, accompanied by some very tasty arugula. Outstanding.

For our main course, my wife opted for the ribeye with a side of steamed spinach. The mark of a quality eating establishment can be narrowed down to a simple question: can you grill a good steak? Of course Dressler's can! When you can cut a steak with a fork, you know they're giving you top-quality meats, grilled by someone who knows how to grill a ribeye. She loves their ribeye; it just might be her favorite in town.

I went for the seared Mahi, accompanied by gnocchi and a light lemon vinaigrette sauce. Perfect, in its preparation, its size, and its presentation. Best yet, I hadn't even been in the mood for Mahi, but if it looks good on the menu, then I know it's going to taste even better.

Finally, yes, what you've heard about Dressler's cheesecakes is absolutely true. Best cheesecake in Charlotte, no question about it. Game over, pal. Dressler's cheesecake is the undisputed heavyweight champion. So good was their featured cheesecake - Oreo Cheesecake! - that my wife called it "pure, concentrated evil that'll make you lose your load." No kidding. I would have ordered a slice of my own, and given myself into such delicious evil.

You really can't ask for a better dining experience, without the pomp and pretense. Dressler's is fine dining without the snooty (SNOOTY?) or snobby (SNOBBY?) atmospherics.****

When a restaurant is better the second time around, you know you've found a keeper. Dressler's is now on my list of Must-Eat Places. I'm already looking forward to my next visit.



* Actually, it was my Mercedes C350. I prefer modesty over extravagance.

** Ugh. Did I just quote "Ferris Bueller's Day Off?"

*** "Point Break" just so happened to be on last night. Of course I watched it.

**** Ugh. Did I just quote "Ferris Bueller's Day Off" again?笑
Came here on a weekday to celebrate my birthday.  Wife and I loved the decor, quietness, and the view of downtown.

Wife had the halibut.  The server said this was their go-to-dish and the reason why people return to Dressler's.  Wife really liked it. It wasn't her favorite fish dish in charlotte as the fish was combined with many other things.  The fish alone was okay but paired with everything it tasted great.

We also ordered and shared a side order of fries which were great as well. 

I had the ribeye which is also one of their signature dishes.  Originally wanted it well-done as wife doesn't like undercooked meat (we like to share our dishes).  Based on the server's comment I felt they were going to over do it so I asked them to cook it somewhere between medium well and well done.  Steak came out rare so they took it back, recooked it, and it came back somewhere between medium and medium well.  Was starving at this point so just wanted to eat.

I think we will be back but might try something other than steak.  From first impressions I don't think they are great at cooking steaks. Might go for the halibut or another seafood dish.笑
Amazing steak cooked to perfection. Steak connoisseurs you must try the heart of ribeye. The outside crust was charred just right bringing  tears to my eyes after the first bite.笑
My family and I went 07-21-15 restaurant week. Before I get into the food I would briefly like to write about the menu pricing and service. Upon arrival, the manager looked at my family and I as if we were lost then ask us if we had reservations. No major red flag but not the greatest welcoming. Atmosphere was pleasant with a great view of charlotte skyline. Menu was placed on top of the setup plate and came in contact with our silverware. Menus are full of bacteria and germs since many customers pick them up to read them. The queens feast menu was overpriced by $5 ($35 total) since standard menu prices for appetizer, entree, and dessert would have been around $40 depending on what you get. Typically a $30 fixed price menu would cover standard entree off full menu and appetizer and dessert would be considered free, depending on how you look at menu prices. My wife and daughter ordered filet mignon, NOT on the queens feast menu for $34. I decided to order off the queens feast menu and had the calamari, blackened heart of ribeye and key lime pie for dessert. Calamari was just okay but has a spicy wasabi sauce that I did not like. Our entrees came and looked charred. Granted, my ribeye was blackened but my wife and daughters filet were also slightly charred. Not only did they look charred but also tasted charred. I could not eat the ribeye and requested the same cut not blackened. Upon receiving the new ribeye the results were similar to my daughters filet, slightly charred. It did not taste terrible but I feel was still unacceptable. My daughter was not able to finish her filet. Asparagus was good, no problems there. The mashed potatoes were extremely lumpy and my wife's mashed had a lump so big it looked like a plain cooked potato that was poorly attempted to be considered mashed. The only successful part of the course was the dessert. The key lime pie was probably the BEST KEY LIME PIE I have ever had in my life. I wish I ordered one to go. Waitress said the key lime pie is even better at the Huntersville location. Unfortunately I would only go back to Dresslers for dessert. Quality control needs to be enforced and the grill may need to be cleaned or the heat turned down a little.笑
My husband and I have eaten at Dressler's a few times now, and this was the first time that our experience was not amazing.  We started off with appetizers, which were wonderful as usual.  We both wanted a dish that had risotto for the side, so he ordered the scallops with mushroom risotto and I ordered the salmon with the cherry tomato risotto.  Our dishes were brought out by our very nice waitress Charlene.  My salmon was cold, and the risotto was very under cooked.  My husbands food was hot, but the risotto was the same...very under cooked.  It was incredibly crunchy and not very good.  We asked our waitress if our dishes could be remade.  Everyone has their off nights.  She came out a few minutes later and told us that she had spoken to the chef, and his response was "The risotto is under cooked tonight, that's the way it is and I can't do anything to change it."  I was extremely disappointed.  Dressler's is definitely one of those restaurants that's a treat for us, and it just wasn't very good.  The manager stopped by and did offer to cover one of our cocktails, which was very nice.  Considering the amount of money that we spend to eat at Dressler's, we were expecting a better response than what we received in regards to our food.笑
Went to a private event here and the staff were super attentive. Food was nice but the service really pushed it over the edge. We enjoyed everything and can not wait to return very soon!笑
Awesome service, exquisite food, lovely setting. Jerry was our server and was knowledgeable and attentive.笑
Bravo to this family owned establishment. I received immediate feedback when inquiring about their private dining rooms and pricing, and when I say immediate, I mean 15minutes later Dressler's event coordinator was on it. I was impressed with the virtual tour, ample menu options, and just good ol' customer service I received all in emails. I can only imagine the service we will receive once we dine. 

5 stars here we come? We shall see ...笑
I really wanted to take some time to discuss the Very unpleasant experience I had at your establishment on 6/14/17. (Booked Thru Open Table). Let me start off my stating this use to be my go to place for professional and personal reasons. I frequent this establishment with my co- workers, family and out of town guest very often. However my experience on Wednesday  has left a negative impression. Needless to say the service was awful. My reservation was confirmed for 6:00. I arrived with my mom to celebrate her birthday around 5:45. Fifteen minutes in, no one has even come to the table to acknowledge us. I had to ask the hostess for our waiter/waitress.  Twenty  minutes pass and not even get a glass of water. So here we are just sitting there and some other waitress comes over to give us water and inform us our waiter will be Brian. Well we finally meet Brian after 30 minutes of just sitting there with water and menus.  We are ready to order at this point. It took another 20 minutes to get our appetizers and they both were room temp. at best.  We just settled and ate them.  I had to later inquire about the salads. Another 5 minutes pass of just sitting there and the manager on duty that day came over (I guess he notice the look of sheer disgust on our faces). I kindly explained to him about the service and temperature of the food.  He really went in defense mood right away and assured me he personally sees to it that all food never sit at the station. He then goes onto to say AREN'T YOU DINING ON GROUPON?. I was highly offended as if a discount on the price should be a discount on the service. We immediately lost our appetites and requested the check and boxes to box both  entrees and prepare the dessert to go. I have never been so humiliated by someone in the service industry and let alone a manager! Unfortunately I did not get his name at this point he was not worth remembering.笑
Service is stellar!!  Terry was our server. We went to celebrate my husband's birthday. My husband ordered the ribeye and I ordered the shrimp and grits. The ribeye was good, but not the best we've had. The shrimp and grits were too spicy for my palate. Once I removed the sausage it was enjoyable. We also got dessert: Apple Crisp. It was perfect! I'd return and try some other dishes.笑
I love dining at Dressler's.  The food is always good and so is the service.  I recommend Just for the Halibut and please do yourself a favor and grab some cheesecake.  It's the best I have ever had...笑
A combination of a sudden wave of gorgeous weather and a LivingSocial deal brought us to Dressler's this past weekend.
We both ordered drinks - my pomegranate sparkler was delicious! It was the perfect refreshment to celebrate the return of warm weather. The calamari we ordered was the best calamari I have ever had. Instead of the small over cooked and greasy ringlets most restaurants serve the calamari at Dressler's is cut into long juicy strips and is topped with a glorious peanut sauce that has wasabi drizzled without. We also sampled the crab cake, which was good but paled in comparison to the calamari. 
After a brief interlude with a split wedge salad (a salad came with the deal) we got to taste our entrees. My filet was done perfectly and the cut was one of the more tender steaks I have had. The asparagus were lightly seasoned over creamy mashed potatoes. The only flaw was the sauce on the filet was a little too sweet and I think it would have been better done if the cut of the steak was more lightly seasoned to show off the natural deliciousness of a filet.
We ended with the cheesecake which had an enviable lightness, though neither of us cared for the cinnamon sprinkled on top. 
The waiter was very friendly and kept our drinks full. We will definitely be back to sample more of the menu!笑
First with the issues, the wait staff is young and inexperienced.  I ordered their special steak for $45, was told it came with french fries. I asked if I could have mashed potatoes.  The young women taking my order said no but the fries are home made and are real good.  So I said great sold, medium rare strip steak with fries.  When she left my date said I do not know why you could not have mashed potatoes but ok.  So the meal comes, no fries but mashed potatoes.  I looked confused so the person who was handing me my meal said did we get this wrong?  I shared with her what our waitress had said and she said oh sorry I will bring you fries right away.  I cut into the steak and it was close to well done.  But I was thinking sometimes places cook it more than what you order.  So when I server came to the table I pointed out that their was no red, it was brown right through.  She offered to bring me a new steak...I said that was ok because I do not like to through away food.  I am ok.  The manager came over and saw the steak and said oh, that is well done and you ordered rare...so sorry and once again offered to recook it.  However I once again passed.   He said well I am going to take that off your bill, and I thanked him.  I was pleasantly surprised with the appetizer.  We had the thai calamari with wasabi.  It was unique and quite tasty. That is why I gave it a three star.  I do not think I will be back.  If I want to drop $120 on dinner, Charlotte has better options.笑
Our first time, but not our last. Caesar was fine, shrimp cocktail was good, but presented on a plate, prefer martini glass. Entrees were excellent, short rib was huge and tasty. My filet was one of the best I've had and done perfectly. Service was excellent. Kent our server has a winning personality and wit. Franciscan cab was a good wine, but at $46, a bit pricey for that brand. 
We certainly will be back.笑
The service was amazing. I wasn't  impressed with the food . I ordered the seafood and grits...hated it! The Thai Calamari was okay!笑
Awesome experience for my wife's bday.  
Experience - call ahead reservations. 
mentioned wifes birthday and asked if they could set the table accordingly
Arrived to a table set with fresh cut flowers a bottle of bubbly and 2 champagne glasses.  We aren't drinkers but it was a nice gesture and added a nice touch.
Host and waiter stopped by to wish my wife a happy birthday

Dinner-  Me: Started with G's House.   A little tangy for me but I have never been a fan of vinaigrette dressing.  The sweetened walnuts was a nice touch.  They were crispy on the outside and a little chewy on the inside which caught me off guard at first but were very tasty.  Entree was Heart of Ribeye with blue cheese butter, fingerling potatoes and asparagus.  Steak cooked perfectly at a medium.  Well seasoned and charred slightly on the outside to sear in the flavor.  No fat at all.  I think the chef takes a 14 oz ribeye and just removes the heart of the steak.  I finished off dinner with Creme brulee.  The custard was very smooth.  
Dinner- Wife:  My wife had the G's house salad and loved it.  She followed up with the rack of lamb which was very tender.  As a birthday treat, the creme brulee for my wife was topped with a lit candle and was on the house.  

The service by all was exceptional.  Always greeted with smiles.  The waiter (Chris) was very knowledgeable of the menu and explained all menu items that we had questions about without a stutter or hiccup.  Ambiance is great for a romantic dinner as the tables are candlelit with great view of the cityscape looking up 4th street.  The restraunt was very quiet and everyone seemed to be enjoying their experience.  

Negatives:
I wish I had found this place sooner.  Jon Dressler has a great thing going.

I would give this place a 5 but I have only eaten here once so I will save the 5 star rating for my second visit.笑
Inpromptu dinner and this was the winner.  I had never been for anything more than a drink so I was excited to give the food a shot.

We settled on small plate items, starting with the calamari and it was some of the best I've ever tried.  I honestly can't remember the other food we have because the calamari was so great.

The service is really good and they were eager to help us decide on our wine and recommend dinner entrees.  In terms of draft beer I will say it's a little odd that they don't keep the list up to date.  I saw some taps not listed and they just explained it as it changes so often we don't update the menu.  Strange tactic but lucky for me I'm good with tap identifications!笑
We recently went here for our anniversary and had a delicious meal. It was a wonderful experience- the food was great and the service was stellar. I had the filet mignon with roasted potatoes and spinach. My fella had the ribeye with roasted potatoes, asparagus and a side of macaroni. Both of us loved our food and ate every bite. We also ordered glasses of wine and while they were good, they were really small pours (like 1/3 of a glass). We had checked in on Yelp so we got a free dessert. We went with the cheesecake and ended up taking most of it home. It was just as delicious the next day. 

Is this place expensive? Yes. But for a special occasion, it's a great place to go.笑
One of my favorite seafood restaurants in Charlotte. Every time we have dined here, it does not disappoint. Start with the Crab Dip, too die for, and the Thai Crispy Calamari. As for the entrees, I have enjoyed multiple choices, lobster, tuna, and the halibut, all amazing choices! The service was good, but a little slow. Unfortunately it wasn't  nice enough to sit outside, but take advantage of it when the weather permits, great site of downtown and they have music on certain nights.  I will continue to enjoy Dressler's!笑
While visiting Charlotte dined at Dressler's for a business dinner. Service and ambiance are top notch. Dined on the pear salad which was amazing. For the main course I had the famous halibut. It was good however the sauce was richer then I expected, would have enjoyed it more if I omitted the sauce or put it on the side. Desserts are amazing here, especially "Mother's Desserts". we had a sample of several desserts. The pumpkin cheese cake was such a hit we ordered more for the table! It was hands down the best pumpkin cheese cake I have ever had. Would visit again while in town and would recommend Dresslers to anyone visiting the area.笑
I love Dressler's, I really do, but was not wow'ed as I'd hoped by their Queen's Feast cuisine.  Don't get me wrong, I will be back.  

I wish there had been one of their signature salads on the menu, instead of the bacon and blue cheese drenched wedgie.  The Thai calamari stood up to its name.  My salmon entree was delicious. As my mom said-the best salmon she has ever eaten at a restaurant (salmon snob, that one).  My dad's steak however, was waaay undercooked (he asked for medium and got two steps up from carpaccio), and also really lacking in flavor.  I typically go GA GA over the molten chocolate cake here, but it was overdone and solid all the way through.  Bummer for me!  I really hope it was because the restaurant was slammed and that Dresslers will be just as I left it the next time around.笑
We have dined here a few times and have enjoyed the location and views of Uptown Charlotte. The food has been prepared excellent each time and the steaks are very good. If you're looking for a great appetizer, try the New Orleans Style Shrimp. For dessert; their homemade cheesecake is absolutely top-notch and divine! Our only negative comment is the acoustics are a little loud and the night we dined the restaurant was a little warm. However, we did understand since it was 100 degrees outside! Overall, would recommend this restaurant to anyone.笑
Everything was perfection for us! 
French Onion Soup
Ahi Tuna
Shrimp and Grits 
Seafood Pasta (pasta was fresh!)
Cheesecake &  Carrot Cake (the owners mother bakes the desserts fresh!!!!)
We will definitely be back!笑
This was my first time at Dressler's for a meal and I enjoyed it.  Not only was the service excellent, but the food was prepared in a timely fashion and very good.  I had the Ribeye -- excellent choice.  It was cooked perfectly and the sides were good as well.  

Be prepared to spend a decent amount for 2 people ($75+) but it is worth it.  The great thing is you can sit inside and see the city and a vibrant patio (adjacent to a couple other restaurants), or you can sit out on the patio and enjoy a meal.  

Great experience, I will be heading back there.笑
Hosted a dinner for 15 people and the service and food were outstanding.  Jon Dressler personally called me the morning of the event to make sure I had the tables set up properly.  Willie and Beth took care of everything at dinner.  It was very well done and I would host another dinner here anytime!笑
We recently hosted a dinner meeting of 20 people in the private dinning room. Rhonda made planning the event a breeze.  The wait staff and servers kept everything flowing during our presentation and were great to work with. 

The food was excellent-especially the cheesecake. 

All in all, it was probably one of the most stress free meetings I've had from planning to execution in quite a while!笑
I am very sad to say I was very disappointed with this restaurant. With all the reviews and how pricy the menu was, I was expecting excellent service and food. It was all ok. We started with the calamari which I saw many rave reviews about online. It was definitely not my favorite. Very different with a wasabi sauce and a light fry, but I've definitely had better. We both had stead for dinner. The potatoes were good, but the steak was not. For the price I was expecting way better but what I got was equal to one from Outback Steakhouse. It was way overdone (I asked for medium and it was definitely medium well to well done). And it didn't seem like high quality meat. For dessert we had the chocolate cake. It was an ok cake, but the chocolate sauce was sour for some reason, and I didn't see anything about raspberry or anything in the description. 
As for the service, our waitress was nothing exceptional like it should be for a restaurant of this caliber. We are a young couple, and it seemed like she didn't want to give us too much attention because we obviously weren't going to buy the most expensive bottle of wine. Didn't offer us straws when she did for the table right next to us, nor lemons for our water. The bread came after we were completely done with our appetizer. It just didn't feel elegant. I do wish it was better but it wasn't worth it! We will not be going back.笑
Just left Dressler's after a disappointing evening.  While the quality of the food was  excellent as usual, the dining experience was marred by the frigid temperature of the restaurant and extremely slow service.     Will not return until the season for air conditioning is over!!笑
Really great food, and the best service I have had in a while! And they have their drink menu and dessert menu on an iPad. The view of uptown Charlotte while you eat was impressive.笑
Let me start by saying that the food was really good. I ordered a G's House salad (greens, caramelized onions, apples, sugared walnuts, goat cheese, balsamic vinaigrette) and the Almond NC Trout entree (with mushrooms, asparagus, beurre blanc). I would happily order both again. 

Here's where they lost points in my book: Price wise, you're looking at $30+ per person without alcohol so you could say that it's supposed to be upscale dining. A few little things made me feel otherwise. 

The server was just un-interested. It took him a while to get to our table to say hello. Then after we ordered drinks and salads, I asked if they had a bread basket. He says, "Oh, yeah. We do. Do you want some?" Yup, that's why I'm asking. He brought it and it was cold and stale. The food presentation needs work. (And, please get rid of the cheap diner-style salt and pepper shakers.)

3.5 stars笑
Walked in, walked out.  Never have I been to a restaurant of this caliber that had such an overwhelming odor of fish (salmon, I believe.)

Neither my wife nor I like salmon, so we cancelled our reservation.  

(I knew Dresslers had quite a few seafood items on the menu, but was not expecting the overwhelming smell.)笑
We were there for a pre-bachelorette party dinner. Everything was amazing! From the cocktails to the apps to main course. The Debonair was absolutely FABULOUS and words cannot describe the halibut. Definitely a 10 out of 10 all around. Staff was awesome too! Thank you for putting up with us LOL笑
Absolutely wonderful. Everything from service, to appetizers, to entrees, and dessert were wonderful. Complementary valet, and probably the best food you could find in Charlotte make this absolutely deserving of a 5 star review.笑
Absolutely PERFECT came here for my birthday. MY husband brought me to Dresslers and I am very happy. Our server was very nice and knowledgeable. To drink I had the pineapple basil smash amazing and delicious. For our app we shared the crab cake I love seafood and this was fresh and the best crab cake you will get being away from the coast in NC. For entree I had the halibut and my husband had the filet mignon both cooked perfectly and delicious. Very flavorful and seasoned just right. For dessert we had the seasonal pumpkin cheesecake...this is heaven in your mouth. Just the perfect blend of pumpkin and creamy cheesecake. If they have it you have to get it you can not go wrong. I will definitely go again it is exceptional! The ambiance is very laid back on the weekday a lot of after work crowd and our server told us on warm evenings on Thursday and Friday there is live music. We can not wait to come back笑
My 1st time out in Charlotte and I have to say this is a very nice location to dine. It is great for intimate settings or group settings.笑
Service was amazing. We made last minute reservations, but that didn't slow anything down. Right when we told the hostess our name, we were taken to our seats. The server was very attentive and friendly. We started off with some cocktails, wine, and salads/apps. I had some berry cocktail, don't remember the name, but it was very yummy. Two of the people in our party split a salad and that made a great starter for them. I split the sausage app and it was very nice as well. (just wish the different sausages would have been explained to us) The meal was paced very nicely and shortly after finishing the apps/salads, we received our entrees. All were delicious. I had trout and it was seasoned perfectly. All the other entrees were very good as well. 

From checking in on Yelp, 2 of us were able to get free desserts. I tried Grandma's apple cake and the other was the Apple Crisp. I have to say that I personally liked the apple crisp better because of the crispy top. But the apple cake was very good as well.

Before paying the bill, we gave our server the ticket for the valet. As soon as we walked out, the car was being pulled up. 

All-in-all, this was the best service at a restaurant that I have experienced in a long time. Well Done!笑
Dressler's is great!!! 

We choose to sit outside and enjoy the beautiful evening and the backdrop of Charlotte. There was a great vibe outside so this added to the experience. 

Our server Megan, was awesome, great sense of humor, good listener. 

My husband and I arrived with an appetite and enjoyed a wonderful 3 course meal.

I had the ribeye, hubby had the NYstrip. He had beer and I had a marvelous Blackberry Gin cocktail. 

Everything was great, we will definitely be back!笑
This is the new location and lovely. The menu is upscale and pricey but worth it. Nice bar menu for afterwork and cocktails. Nice place to take guests. They take food and service seriously here笑
5 min (Taxi) von der Stadtmitte entfernt, das Lokal ist sehr sauber und hat von seiner Tlschanordnung einen eher europäischen Charakter. Schöne Bar im Vorraum, durchweg sehr nettes Personal. 
Keine große, aber dennoch gute Auswahl an Steaks & Seafood, Gerichte werden mit Beilagen für den kleinen Hunger angeboten, die üblichen Sides für normale Preise, insgesamt $$-$$$
Steaks kommen mit leckeren Toppings, wer es lieber ohne mag, muss bei der Bestellung daran denken. Kleine Auswahl an Weinen, Mindeststandard, es wird kein besonderer Wert auf sortengerechte Temperierung gelegt. 
Insgesamt absolut empfehlenswert, auch der Restaurantchef zeigte persönlich Präsenz am Tisch. Für schönes Wetter bietet die Dessertauswahl sogar noch ein paar gute Zigarren zum Genuss an Tischen neben dem Haus. an. Leider hatten wir 3 Grad, Regen. 
P / L: ***+
Service ****
Ambiente ***+笑
This was our first time here, and it was New Year's Eve. The place was pretty crowded but it wasn't loud or overwhelming at all. We ordered the filet mignon and it was delicious! The sides were also great. We will definitely be coming back to this place!笑
Went here with a big group before an event. We had reservations but showed up about 10 minutes late. It was no problem and we were promptly seated in a quiet back room with a nice view of the city. Water was served, and we ordered our dinners. I got the tuna. I asked the waitress if she recommended it to which she replied "Do you like tuna?" Well...yes, that's why I was thinking of ordering it. She also asked how I liked it cooked without any sort of recommendation. Thankfully I ordered it rare and it came out perfectly. More on that later.

Bread was served 15 minutes or so after ordering. It looked burnt on the outside, but the inside was soft and warm. The honey butter they serve it with is pure gold. Delicious. The tuna came out not long after. It was a huge plate of food--big piece of tuna, slaw, and a sesame rice cake. The tuna itself was delicious and perfectly cooked. The peanut whatever sauce it came with was superb as well. The slaw was excellent but the rice cake it was on top of was eh. It tasted like rice. Nothing too special.

Service was fine. The waitress wasn't the best I've had but most certainly not the worst. The food was good, good location--I'd definitely go back.笑
We had really great service and good food.  We were first seated at a weird dark corner table, so we asked to move over by the window.  Our server moved us quickly and he was great! We were so full, but had dessert anyway- we went with the apple cake, which was amazing.  Don't skip dessert!笑
this is more what I expected from Queen's Feast..  

a business doesn't need to use the full menu and make it a loss leader, but don't just put your cheapest stuff on it either.  the whole idea behind Queen's Feast is a limited time exceptional value, and this place got it right.

if you are a fan of the Myers Park area, you will feel right at home here.  this place is huge inside, so tables are well spaced.  when first entering, the hostess station is a bit farther back from the door than one would expect.  if empty, you may not even notice it when entering.  hostess was friendly and seated us immediately.

waiter was friendly and attentive for the duration of the evening.  this is one of those places that uses iPads as a drink menu.  my opinion is still split on this business practice.  

POSITIVE: as a beer drinker, I like to know my ABV.  my GF likes the additional info that you don't get from a paper wine list.

NEGATIVE: it reminds you that you are most likely dining at a corporation, and it tends to slightly drive up drink prices.  it also detracts from the need for servers to be knowledgeable regarding the drink menu.

food was excellent for the most part.  I ordered my steak RARE, and it was just slightly overcooked.  the quality was good for the price, but not 4-star steakhouse quality.  my only complaint is that size of the calamari appetizer was quite small for $12.

btw, many Queen's Feast restaurants are charging a up-charge for steak.  this place did NOT.

we will definitely return.  like to try the bar area next time笑
We visited for restaurant week and overall we had a great meal, especially for the price. We started with the goat cheese appetizer and a salad. Both were great. I love goat cheese so serving on a hot plate with oil and garlic..YUM. We both got the center cut rib eye..we weren't 100% on this because we normally eat filet but the server ensured us we would be happy. And we were, they were great! Tender even though I eat med-well..many steak places have a hard time cooking to that and it still being tender and juicy. Dressler's did an awesome job. One of the better steaks I have had in a long time. Had the key lime pie and was very good as well. I can't complain, we had great meals and plan to come back again.笑
Sooooo good! Went here for dinner on a Thurs night recently and it was fabulous! Food, service, everything!! We will be back- hopefully very soon!! Delicious!笑
Have eaten here a few times since they opened.  My most memorable meal here was earlier this week over lunch. Had the "special" of the day which was a mixed green salad with seared tuna, seaweed salad and grapefruit.  Excellent salad!  My salad had plenty of quality tuna and was prepared to perfection.  I will definitely come back here for lunch.笑
Good food, nice employees, and an awesome view. The ribeye and the flat iron were good. There's a park greenway between the restaurant and downtown so it's nice. Wife and I enjoyed it very much. The only thing is that Hickory Tavern is right beside it. It does get a bit loud if you are eating outside but you can choose to go in so it shouldn't be a big problem. All in all, a great place.笑
Dressler's did not disappoint! My college alumni local chapter held a meet and greet at the Metropolitan location.  As it is Restaurant Week, the hubby and I decided we would give the place a try for dinner.  Appetizers during the meet and greet were excellent!  The New Orleans Style Shrimp, Baked Pimento Cheese (with tomato jam!) simply delish!  After making our rounds, we sat down to dinner.

Can I just say the service was excellent!!! Our server, Brian was friendly and very attentive. We even were visited by Jon the owner, who gave me a great wine suggestion (Sokol Blosser "Evolution), which turned out to be the perfect compliment to my salmon.


We started with the Shrimp (which hubby should have tried at the meet and greet).  It was seasoned to perfection, with just the right amount of heat and served with crusty baguette slices (my weakness).  

As it was Restaurant Week we ordered for the Prix fix menu:
We both had the Wedge Salad.  The lettuce was fresh and crisp, bleu cheese dressing nice and creamy.  I had to make myself stop eating it to have room for my main course.  I followed this with the Salmon, which was served with tomato risotto. Hubby ordered the crab cake.  My Salmon was cooked perfectly, the risotto very flavorful.  Hubby liked the crab, but wasn't crazy about the pecans in the remoulade.

I was stuffed after eating half my entree, so we got our dessert to go.  

This was a great dining experience, from the ambience, to the food, and  excellent service.  We will have to revisit soon.笑
I am from out of town and attended a wedding rehearsal dinner at Dressler's. I love that the back private room comes with it's own patio for cocktail hour. We were able to see sunset over the city skyline.
Once it got too dark and cold to be outside we moved into the dining room for dinner. I had the smoked chicken with mashed potatoes. Best dish I've had in a long time!! We had salad and dessert as well and I ate way more than I should have but the food was soo soo good!
The complimentary valet was also a nice touch since we were running a little late and needed to get in quickly!
Thanks Dressler's for showing these out of towners a great evening!笑
I don't think I've ever given a place a 5 star review after the first visit.  I generally don't think it's a good idea because I tend to get food-struck at a lot of restaurants.  But I can tell this is more than just passing 'Whoa!!' moment - this place is just absolutely fantastic.

The decor inside is very modern upscale, but with a whole lot of color thrown around the place.  The tables were spaced out nicely without being overly crowded.  The staff was very welcoming and friendly.  Our server Jason was probably the best server I've ever had - he really made some great recommendations and was very attentive and friendly.  I could tell that was really enthusiastic about this place.  He even asked from the start whether we had a Groupon, and he really took that as an opportunity to showcase some of the best items on the menu.

To start with, my partner and I ordered the calamari, which was drizzled with a Thai peanut sauce and came with a Wasabi aioli (he thought the aioli was wonderful; horseradish of any kind is my kryptonite).  It was perfectly cooked and the best calamari I've ever had.  For entrees, my partner ordered the 'Just for the Halibut' (I just love the catchy name).  The halibut was tender and perfectly cooked, and the spinach and chive potato cake were also quite wonderful.  I ordered the sauteed mahi mahi, which came with a gnocchi, bacon, and asparagus tips - the flavors paired together so well, it's one of the top 5 meals I've ever eaten.  

For dessert, I ordered the apple cake and he ordered the carrot cake.  The apple cake was good but needed more of the caramel drizzle.  The carrot cake was truly fabulous!  I loved the icing, which was not too sweet and heavy on the cream cheese flavor.  Paired with our wine selections, it was an absolutely fabulous meal.

The downsides: even with our Groupon, which we had $50 to spend, we still spent an additional $60 + tip.  The parking situation at the Metro is a bit of a nightmare, having to fight the massive amounts of people in the crowded parking garage.  However, they do offer valet parking if you're into that sort of thing.

Was it a little pricey?  Yes.  Was it worth it?  EVERY PENNY!  I can't wait until another special occasion where I can splurge on a wonderful dinner here.  This place made an already wonderful day into a perfect one.  Thanks Dressler's - and especially, thanks to our waiter Jason!笑
This place has fantastic food.  Yes, it is pricey.  By the time all was said and done it was close to ~$45 a person.   But wow.   Calamari appetizer is the best calamari I've ever had.   The tuna appetizer was also outstanding and I could have had it as a meal - it was beautiful.  Crab cake entree was really great too - so many places have nasty crab cakes with mostly breading.  Hubby had pork chop which looked great.   We've been here twice now, and plan to go back soon!  Food is truly lovely.  We've had good service both times as well.笑
As I make my way through this life, I'm always on the lookout for a chance to celebrate.  When it comes to celebration, Champagne is perfect starting point--especially if it's from a big bottle.  Large format Champagne is tough to come by in the Old North State, so I knew I'd stumbled across a gem when Jon Dressler granted my longstanding wish, helping me celebrate my birthday in style.  Tim Buchanan (the GM) does a great job with the wine list, and shared a fantastic late harvest chardonnay that was a memorable treat.

The restaurant itself is beautifully appointed.  It is divided into several dining rooms and a patio that both wrap around the first floor of the Metropolitan, providing a great view of the Uptown skyline.  Dark wood, heavy curtains and a deep red palette give the interior a modern, upscale feel.  Everything combines to create a trendy setting, while providing an intimate dining experience.  The dining room was bustling, but the layout made it feel like our party of 6 had the place to ourselves.

The food is excellent.  The menu includes an array of steak and seafood dishes with a Southern flair.  There are a lot of restaurants in the QC that attempt such menus, Dressler's delivers.  I had the filet, but my friends also enjoyed the pan seared trout, sauteed mahi and crispy duck entrees.  I highly recommend dessert, especially if the title features "Mom's."  I'm told these desserts are from the secret archives of Mama Dressler herself.  Mom's Peanut Butter cheesecake was a fantastic finish to a great birthday dinner.笑
Great place though a bit pricey.   Service was great as was the food.   They do have a number of GF options for lunch.  

I had their salmon which was well cooked and the veggies that came with it were tasty.     My friends come here especially for the crab cakes笑
I can make this very simple and break this review down into a few categories:

Ambiance/Service:
Decent.  We were here on a Sunday night so I understand things are slow and everyone is looking to just get home and watch the games they DVR'd.  But, I just wasn't that impressed when we first arrived.  I mean, you just don't get the feel that this is a high-end, special-occassion restaurant.  We stood there by the hostess stand for several minutes without being greeted by anyone.  The bar was right to our left and the bartender appeared to be busy even though her bar was empty.  Eventually, she came over and we realized it was her job to greet and seat--she acted as if we bothered her with our presence.  We didn't like the vibe upon arrival AT all.  We were celebrating a special occasion and I don't fault them for not knowing that but I was for sure rubbed the wrong way--RIGHT away.  Since the prices compare, I was expecting this to be similar to a Sullivan's or Ruth's Chris in terms of atmosphere, service and professionalism...not even close and those are chains!!

We decided not to let mrs empty bar but busy bother us.  Our waiter was very nice and very accommodating.  I wouldn't say he was polished and professional but maybe I was looking for too much.  


Food/Wine:
The wine selections were plenty and they had 1/2 priced bottles that night!  Nice deal and reasonably priced.

We ordered the garlic and goat cheese appetizer based on the waiter's recommendation...It was..hmmm..let's see....it was good.  I mean, it was goat cheese so how couldn't it be?  I think we were expecting a dip but instead it was a block of goat cheese sitting in olive oil with chunks of garlic surrounding it.  It was served with pita bread so you could spread the garlic and goat cheese over the bread.  It was good but nothing special.

I ordered the grouper and it was divine.  It was buttery, flaky and a nice chunk of fish.  It had a creamy drizzle on top with tasty, juicy and sweet lump crab on top.  It was amazing.  It was served over a potato cake that was fresh and full of flavor.  It truly was incredible.  I HOUSED every bite, left nothing.

Hubby tried the pan seared trout that was served with asparagus and mashed potatoes.  He LOVED it.  The trout was tender, good flavor, fresh, etc.  Everything you would want from a fish dish.  Excellent.  Well done.

We didn't get to try the desserts but we are told they are amazing.  


I would return but not for a special occasion.  I don't think they have the service situation locked down yet so I would go with low expectations and just for a regular night out.  I'm curious about their steak and how it compares to other places in Charlotte so may give that a shot.笑
I went here to celebrate with my best friend and the food was absolutely amazing. Our waiter was phenomenal as well! Would def love to eat here again :)笑
Just to set the standard for anyone who thinks this place is an upscale 5 star restaurant such as the likes of Del Friscos or Capital Grille ITS NOT.

I was surprised by this place because the websites portrayed itself as such. Although it's far from the likes of a more upscale place the food was actually pretty good. 

My main point of issue with this place is service, misleading view of the city, watered down drinks, and decor. First to start things off we got a corner table near the bathroom which was the worse due to the high volume of traffic. The server rushed us through the menu and plopped some quirky iPad POS that didn't contribute to helping our dinning experience almost an afterthought. 

When we got our drinks nothing is worse than a watered down too much ice cocktail, nothin more to say here. 

The tables and decor were cheap, with many foldable tables visible to accommodate more guests, which was folded down in front of us. To top everything off no one mentioned it was my birthday nor did I get a dessert nor any of the special arrangements made by my girlfriend seems they forgot. 

To sum this place up...great food, but needs plenty of direction in overall dining and customer experience. If those aren't any concerns please enjoy this restaurant.笑
We had friends in from out-of-town and we went to dinner here Saturday night - the evening was perfect! I love the valet parking option - especially on a cold evening. The decor is welcoming, the staff were friendly, and the view was beautiful. We enjoyed the calamari app and some delicious wine. The four of us created our own "surf & turf" by ordering two of the "Just for the Halibut" entrees and two beef entrees. (One filet, one bone-in ribeye.) Of course we had the must-have Mom's cheesecake: this time is was chocolate cheesecake. YUM! When I want to make sure I will have a great dining experience, I know that I can always count on Dresslers.笑
We also got the Groupon and used it for an anniversary dinner.  Bottom line is we will be back and gladly eat at full price.  

The service was some of the best I've experienced.  Our server, Jerry, really put the effort forward to make sure our wine glasses were full, our table was cleared of empty plates, new silverware came with every course...and it was all done with a genuine smile.  Kudos because there are a lot of places that have let customer service slip through the cracks.  Dressler's is an example that all restaurants should follow.

Now, the food.  We started with the thai calamari and the crabcake appetizers.  The crabcake was good, nothing crazy but the toasted pecan roumelade was wjhat made the dish.  The calamari was really really good.  A really good balance between the peanut sauce and the spiciness of the wasabi.  We were very pleased with this course.

We shared the chopped salad, and it was good.  The bacon was fresh, the dressing had a nice bright flavor...all in all it was solid.

The entrees...I had the rack of lamb and she had the shrimp and lobster linguini.  First off, the portions were HUGE.  The rack of lamb had 4 bones of lamb resting around a heaping serving of mashed potatoes, drizzled with a demi glace that really tied the plate together.  The lamb was cooked perfectly as well.  The pasta was really great as well.  The servings of shrimp and lobster were generous, the pasta was fresh, and the parmesan cream was the perfect sauce for the dish.  We had to have some food boxed up in order to save room for our dessert.

For dessert we split the NY Cheesecake which was also really good.  The consistency was almost like a whipped cream cheeses...very light and fluffy compared to the traditional dense NY style.  The crust was great too...a perfect dessert to finish the evening.

Spend some time on the wine list...there are some hidden gems in there for some extremely reasonable prices.笑
The staff at Dressler's is incredible! We were a party of 8 but two of our guests were coming from out of the country and were almost two hours late. I was stressing about it but the staff at Dressler's put me at ease and reassuring me that they understood. Once our guests arrived, we were not rushed at all and received excellent service. We were able to have a great time and enjoy an amazing dinner.  We ordered wine, cocktails, desserts, a few appetizers and everyone had something different as their entrees. EVERYTHING was delicious!!!笑
We choose this place for date night and it was FABULOUS!! Our server was SUPER NICE. He constantly came to check on us and just kept the wine flowing! Lol. We started off with the Low Country Crab dip which was AWESOME!! We gobbled up every single bite! For dinner I ordered the Blackened Heart of Ribeye. It was cooked to perfection! Ate every last bite!! My boyfriend ordered the Shrimp and Lobster Linguini. I sneaked a bite and it was delish! We finished the night off with a generous slice of carrot cake. Pure heaven! I really enjoyed this place!笑
Our meal at Dressler's was hands down one of the best that we've eaten! We all ordered different things, and t was hard to decide whose meal was the best. I highly recommend the "blackened heart if the ribeye". I typically prefer a filet and tried to order it, but our waiter talked me into the ribeye. It was easily the best steak I've ever eaten! We got the "just for the halibut" which was also recommended by our waiter. It melted in your mouth! My kids enjoyed the selection from the kids menu (which you need to ask about!) We also enjoyed the Crab Dip appetizer, the bacon Brussels sprouts and several of their dessert selections. Aside from wonderful food, the restaurant also has a wonderful staff and awesome views of Uptown Charlotte! Dressler's is an awesome place to have a nice dinner!笑
I've never had a bad meal here.  The food is pretty incredible and the service likewise.  However, they've been somewhat of a victim of their own success:  the place is so crowded that I've found it pretty much impossible to eat there some nights (maybe they could buy the place next door and expand?).  That's the only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5.笑
This was my first time at this restaurant. A group of us went. It has a nice atmosphere. Decor is lovely.  I was not impressed with the food. I had shrimp and grits. It was not severed hot. I guess due us waiting so long for the waiter to serve the table. It sat in the pass waiting to be picked up. I should've sent it back but. I didn't trust that it would be come back the same. You can read into that whatever you like. I tasted several of the other dishes on the table. Portions were good .Two of the dishes were salty. Ugh!. I know my taste buds and I know what I like.  I won't return to restaurant. The stars are for the atmosphere and decor.笑
My favorite place in Charlotte. Try to get there whenever I'm in town. Beautiful room, great wine and food selections. Impeccable service and superb cooking. Try their asian calamari appetizer. It's fantastic.笑
They were doing a charity dinner thing last night where a portion of your bill, if you ordered off a certain menu went to Second Harvest Food Back which was cool so we made reservations.  It was a gorgeous night and upon arrival I was excited to see that they had open table on their patio.  We were greeted promptly and whisked through to the outdoor seating.

What a gorgeous evening to sit outside.  The patio if you haven't been is perfect for people watching and they have these huge tilt umbrellas that do a great job of keeping the sun out of your eyes.  The Hickory Tavern is right next door with their patio and there is a nice open park / greenway which adds to the ambiance.

On this special menu was pretty much what I would order anyway except for the Halibut.  I started off with the spicy thai calamari which if there is ever a contest for the 'Best Appetizer in CLT" I would say this would win, hands down.  Lightly fried strips of calamari tossed in a sweet, gingery, and spicy thai sauce.  Topped delicately with a spicy wasabi sauce that is absolutely the perfect compliment to this great app.  You are definitely missing out if you don't order this when you're there.

For the entree I had the Blackened Heart of Ribeye served with grilled asparagus and mashed potatoes.  The ribeye, which I ordered medium rare (as a good carnivore should) was the thickness of a fillet and VERY hard to cook perfectly if you don't know what you're doing was lacking.  It was overcooked on the outside and mushy in the middle, the blackening never really took because of the way the steak cooked and was more charred tasting than blackened.  Not my favorite dish.  The sides were just meh...potatoes were plentiful and sections of them were cold.  Asparagus was just that, asparagus on the grill and boring.

We ordered our desserts to go as to make the kids feel better that we dumped them at a sitters house.  I had the Chocolate cake and Sweetie the cheesecake.  Now I haven't mentioned the service which was fine to this point.  Since we were ordering the meal off the special menu we ordered all at once and told her that we would take our dessert to go.  She brought us the chocolate cake which was apparently served with ice cream and we didn't realize it.  We don't live uptown and didn't go straight home so when we arrived the ice cream had melted and we had a mess in our to go container.  I would have preferred to be told that there was ice cram in the box and we could have put it in one of the 500 thermally insulated bags Sweetie keeps in her vehicle for emergency trips to Trader Joes.

Oh well.  It was a nice night out and Dresslers was 3 stars tonight.  I may be back, I may not.笑
Had lunch at Dressler's the other day - excellent!  Seafood, shrimp & grits was marvelous and the owner and his sister sat and talked with me like I was family - a much appreciated gesture.笑
I have to say, I was not impressed this time around. Been there before and everything was good. The service was good, however the food tonight was not good at all. The calamari was chewy and drenched with the sauce, the meal was cold, and apple crisp was just horrible. I have had their calamari and Halibut before and liked it, however tonight it was awful.  I think this was the last week for Groupon users and perhaps that had an effect. I hate to write a negative review, but I had to be honest. This was my husband's first time there, and I know he will not want to go back unfortunately.笑
Had really high hopes for Dressler's after reading many of the reviews, but left there very underwhelmed. Maybe because its Restaurant Week and they're overwhelmed, but from the looks of the fairly empty dining room its probably something else.

On the good side the interior is very upscale and attractive with great views of uptown. It was downhill from there.
First, my wife noticed that the background music was all Motown from the 60's, not bad music, but something I'd expect to hear in a diner, not a restaurant with white table cloths. How about some light jazz?
Second, we all went with the selections from the restaurant week list as we were told it was the same portions and quality as the regular menu. I hope this isn't the case.
For starters, we went with the calamari, which got so many raves from others, goat cheese and a lettuce wedge. The calamari came out smothered in the Thai chili sauce without the wasabi aoli. Our serving looked nothing like the pictures here on Yelp. The goat cheese and the lettuce were OK, but definitely not special.

Entrees were the Maryland crab cakes and two orders of salmon with grape tomato risotto. My wife ordered the crab cakes and being from Maryland, is very particular. Unfortunately these were OK, but nothing special, way too much breading to be authentic. She's had much better at Capital Grill uptown. Although the mixed greens salad that came with it she said was very good. 
My daughter and I each had the salmon. Our opinions were very mixed. I thought the salmon was quite good, crispy on one side, but very moist and tasty through out. Her serving of salmon was over cooked and dried out. In both cases our waiter neglected to ask how we wanted our salmon cooked, so I guess I was lucky. While I liked my salmon it was served on top of what looked to be a liquidy concoction of buerre blanc and risotto. There was so much butter sauce it was inedible, thankfully the salmon was on top.

Desserts were a mixed bag as well. We had the apple crisp, cheese cake and carrot cake. The apple crisp won out as the best. The carrot cake was very moist and the cream cheese frosting was rather tasty, but I couldn't find any trace of carrot. Dead last was the cheese cake, it was bland and not very creamy as we had expected it to be.

Finally, this was supposed to be a birthday dinner for my wife and myself as we were born only a week apart. I made the reservation through Open Table and made sure to add this was a special birthday dinner under the special requests section. Unlike other yelper's experience there was absolutely no acknowledgment of our event either from the hostess or our waiter. I thought well at least we'll get a candle. Nope, nothing. Generally our waiter was less than friendly, I guess he was just to exhausted from all the other revelers out for Restaurant Week by the time we showed up.笑
Our first ever visit here was certainly long overdue!

My wife & two girls came here as part of a special evening out for Christmas, we had attended the Nutcracker Ballet prior to dinner.  I simply cannot say enough about how warm and friendly all of the staff here were to us, especially our fabulous waiter who was simply amazing!

The food was spectacular to say the least, but I will say for full disclosure that our girls are fairly sophisticated foodies (no, really!!) and Dressler's is not geared for children, per se....parents should use discretion of course but we are never afraid to take our girls to (as they put it) a "fancy restaurant".

To put a topper on our evening, our youngest daughter asked if she could meet the chef, and without hesitation our waiter went off to ask and immediately Chef came out to our table to introduce himself; our daughters were just giddy to receive such special treat!  Just like an infomercial, but wait...there's more!!  Chef followed up his gracious visit with sending out a special sampler desert each for our girls which was simply amazing!!

There is nothing I can type to express enough the amazing dining experience had at Dressler's and I certainly intend to return again to one of the finest restaurants in Charlotte!!!笑
My friends and I went here for food week in Charlotte and even with the little selection the food was great!!! The appetizer selection is amazing (I got the baked pimento cheese), for my entree I got the Blackened Heart of Ribeye, and for dessert...EVERYTHING (mom's apple cake and NY cheesecake were my favorite tries)!笑
Went there relatively early on a Friday night.

First impressions: it's a big place, but because the restaurant wraps around the front of the building, it doesn't seem like it when you first come in. Contemporary decor and some really cool booths for big groups. Great view of the Uptown skyline (ask for a window seat if you can)

Service: EXCELLENT! Probably the best I've gotten in Charlotte. The owner (who we not only met but poured our wine) was the general manager for the Morton's in Chicago, and it shows. Everyone from the hostess to our server to the manager were cordial, geniune, and prompt. Little touches like coat check, pro-actively refilling our wine glasses, and discretely clearing were much appreciated! It's also a good sign when the owner takes a personal interest in the customers - we saw Jon spending serious time at tables, talking with people, helping his team.

Food: Very, very good! We went with an all seafood theme tonight. The calamari (with a thai glaze) was awesome stuff, addictive. The crab dip was also very good, with big real chunks of crab. We split the G salad, which was also tasty.

For our meals, my wife had the Mahi Mahi with a lobster sauce - lip-smacking good! I had the shrimp and grits, considered a small plate. It was a FULL size portion of grits with shrimp, crab and a giant diver scallop (also has andouille sausage). Excellent rendition - not as good as Magnolia's in Charleston, but among the best I've had in Charlotte and very generous for the price.

Value: Very good - a lot of good wine choices under $50 per bottle, appetizers in the $10-$12 range, entree's $13-$25

Summary: Big time thumbs up - we'll be back!笑
Dresslers ambiance is great...food is good but smaller portions...Im not a huge dessert person but I had to try the cheesecake everyone raved so much about....it was worth all the hype. My gf got the apple cake and she said it was the best she has ever had...you also get a free dessert if you check in with your Yelp app笑
First, I would like to say our servers Josie and Jerry were so accommodating, friendly, and just all up awesome!  I was a little worried we came in too late before the kitchen closed but, they was quick to reassure us. The ambience is dark but, the view is very nice. Try to dine out side if its cool enough. We luckily came here with a Groupon which included two appetizers, a shared salad, two entrees, and a dessert. We rounded out our meal with a couple of drinks, the bf had the pineapple basil cocktail while I had the Melon Mule. Both were strong and complex. 

Our meal: 
Starters: 
Crab cake with pecan remoulade: the crab cake was very hearty and had a nice consistency. The pecan remoulade was too sweet for me, this was on the side and smothered on the mixed greens. I prefer something spicy with my crab cakes. 
French Onion Soup: oh the Gruyere! was very filling and had great flavor from all those caramelized onions 

Salad: 
Cobb Salad: not impressed. The dressing would have been good if it was more on the champagne side than olive oil. But it was very fresh

Entrees (I was full as hell at this point and only nibbled my entree..its ok, midnight munchies)
Just for the Halibut: great dish name! but the halibut was a little underseasoned and overcooked. the potato cake was delish and the tomato sauce was also good. A bite with all components together, great! 
Pan chicken: true bf loved this fresh! Completed with some roasted potatoes and carrots. The chicken was mostly white with some dark. This however is not reheat/left over friendly. The pan sauce gets really easy after the microwave. 

Dessert: 
Mom's Apple Cake: wow very good! Props to the mom who created this! Great texture and flavor. Love apple and caramel, this is your deal. 

All in all, a great meal! Will be back for more! If you are dining with a groupon, fast! Coming in less than ravaged is a mistake! So much food!笑
Dressler's is outstanding! Besides the quality of the food, the service at this restaurant was above and beyond! My wife and I recently celebrated our 11th Anniversary. I called after I made my OpenTable reservation to see if there was a particular table that was more romantic. In fact, there is! It's called the "Hollywood Table", which has a very high back, stained glass around the top of the high back, situated in a corner away from everyone else, and overlooks uptown! Gorgeous! I also asked if they could buy a dozen roses and place it on the table. And they did ... and didn't even charge us! Their wine selection was superb (Annalisa Moscato). They gave us dessert for free and even a free dessert to take home! Highly recommend to all!笑
I have been to Dressler's several times over the years and always enjoy it. I love sitting outside on a warm night and seeing Charlotte's distant city view. We had dinner there yesterday (random Monday night) to use a Living Social deal that was about to expire. The deal provided 2 appetizers, 1 Salad, 2 entrees, and 1 dessert. I also ordered a Prosecco (to add to my other pre-drink @ Pisces while we waited for a table). Apparently many others in Charlotte were doing the same thing because we didn't make reservations and could not be seated until about 9PM. 

In light of the deal above, my date and I ordered the following:

Shared Appetizers
1. Ahi Tuna - Excellent (a predictable, over-ordered restaurant appetizer -- but Dressler's did it justice!) - 4*
2. New Orleans Style Shrimp w/ Baguettes - better than Ahi - 5*

Salad (shared)
1.Tomato & Mozzarella - 5*

Entrees:
1. Filet w/ mashed potatoes & asparagus - 5*
2. "Just for the Halibut" (my date's favorite -- was sold out) so he ordered the NY Strip instead. IMHO, the NYS was not anywhere close to as good as my filet but it came with french fries so all things balance out. ;) A strong 4*

Dessert
1. We shared the chocolate cake with ice cream and it did not disappoint. 5*

We were so full and we both loved the meal. The waitress was great too. A great Monday night out in our beautiful Queen City. I have to say, however, Dressler's is a great choice with or without a deal. I am not sure they'll offer this deal again but will readily return. 
Enjoy!笑
We opted to revisit Dressler's for our anniversary. Our Appetizer was Low Country Crab Dip and scrumptious in every bite. For entree we had the Blackened Heart of Ribeye which came with 
fingerling potatoes, asparagus, herb blue cheese butter. My wife enjoyed the Just For The Halibut with lump crab, roasted red peppers, spinach, chive potato cake, sun dried tomato buerre blanc. Our dessert was a shared Mom's Apple Cake ...enough said...caramel, ice cream -delicious. Our wait staff was attentive but not overly intrusive and Natalie was very informed in terms of the menu. We were not rushed from the restaurant and sat talking without any worries from the staff.

In terms of drinks they were good but the melon mule wasn't as good this time...

In terms of parking there is ample public parking as well as valet should that be preferred. There is outside seating and sometime there are bands playing.笑
Awesome food and excellent service, waiter had great menu knowledge.  Get the bison ribeye!笑
The crab dip appetizer was great,huge chunks of crab w/ sliced bread. My date ordered the crab cakes which she loved. I ordered the bay scallop dish which was terrible. It was Monday night so it was probably left over from the weekend., the rice was mushy and the sauce was stale is the best way to put it. 4 scallops for only $32 They were nice enough to ask how the meal was but I had already eaten alot of it so I didn't send it back. No side that's 6 or 8 dollars more, no salad with entree so it's a $45 a plate place. $30 a plate is fine w/ me, fifty is a little rough. The service was fantastic the female server did everything by the book can't say enough good things about the service. I'd go back on a special occasion and try another dish笑
Lamb was great.  Crab dip app was great and should have ordered two !  Service always on top of everything.  If you have not tried them, do yourself a favor and go check them out!笑
Great food, amazing service at the table and the bar. Dinner was slow to show but worth the wait.笑
Let me preface this review with the fact that we had 2 Groupons for a table of 8. On the Groupon it says 1 per table. Not 1 per check, but 1 per table. 

I made a reservation for our party, which was to celebrate 2 birthdays on Open Table. I called to check on their Groupon policy, and was very rudely told they only take 1 per table "do you understand?" click. 

Wanting to cancel the reservation I had another person in the party call and speak with a manager, which did allow us to use the 2 Groupons and a note was put in with our reservation. 

When we got there at 6 on a Saturday we were immediately seated at a round table with MJ. It was near sunset so the sun was blazing through the windows which they have no blinds for. 

We ordered the french onion soup, the salmon with tomato risotto, and the skirt steak medium with green beans, to split between my husband and I because we really couldn't decide between steak or salmon. My husband also ordered a Manhattan. 

The soup I thought was very good. Good french onion soup, nothing that made it stand out from others, but very good. 

The food came out and the salmon was very good. I thought the risotto was watery, it was sitting in a puddle, which may have been a sauce, who really knows. The salmon had a really good flavor to it, I didn't really enjoy the risotto. My medium flank steak I thought was a little under cooked, but still had good flavor. The green beans were grilled and also very good. 

Toward the end of the meal my husband ordered a second Manhattan. We were finished and our plates were cleared by the time he got it. The waiter then said "here you go" and spilled it on him, and did not apologize. Weird. 

We ordered the peanut butter chocolate cheesecake for dessert, and it was to die for! Get it if you can! Yum! 

Overall, the experience was pretty good (good people, good times) but I didn't think the food was worth the cost. If we didn't have a Groupon I would have probably been upset, but maybe MJ was having a bad night, he wasn't around a whole lot.笑
Lovely food and amazing staff. My fiance and I walked in on a whim. We were a bit nervous about a dress code because we weren't dressed for it. The hostess was sweet and answered our questions graciously. Our server Ryan was amazing. Make sure to request him. Great service!! The rack of lamb and mahi were to die for. The chocolate cake and creme brulee were delightful. I can't wait to eat the fried okra again. Everyone should try it. Most importantly ask for Ryan.笑
A must go to place in Charlotte. My girlfriend and I went for our anniversary and received a free dessert. The cheesecake is amazing as well as our meals! Service was a phenomenal and the staff was very nice.笑
Great location for a really good meal!

We went there last night for the first time for our 10th wedding anniversary.  It was a really good meal, and although a splurge for us, it was absolutely worth it!

Service
I know that other folks have said they weren't greeted when they arrived, but we were very cordially welcomed by three people as soon as we walked in.  Our server was also very attentive and helpful, so we thought the service was quite good.

Dinner
We started with the low country crab dip in which we could see and taste BIG chunks of crab meat.  Yummmmmmy!  For dinner, I had the rack of lamb and my husband had the scallop special.  Both of our meals were delicious, but I LOVED my rack of lamb.  It was a very generous portion, with 5 ribs.  That is more than I've ever gotten elsewhere or even served myself at home, so I was thrilled.  It was also a perfectly cooked medium rare as I asked.  My husband's scallops were big and juicy and he had some sort of red bean leek thing that it was served on which he ate completely up.  We also got a side of spinach which was the right amount of garlicky.  For dessert, I got the chocolate cheesecake special (made by the owner!) and my husband got the carrot cake.  We were both quite happy with our choices.  

Ambiance
We had a fantastic view of the Charlotte skyline which was light up nicely.  I always love the Charlotte night city views so we were very happy about that!

All in all, we thought it was a great place to celebrate our wedding anniversary.  Also, the Chandon champagnes are served as splits, so you actually get a glass and a half out of them.  That's a trick we were glad to find out!笑
Great dining experience!  Fantastic steaks and really, the best cheesecake I've ever had.  Also, free parking deck close by.笑
My wife and I went there for our anniversary.  Right after we were seated, someone came over to confirm our names.  (My father had called them to buy us a bottle of wine.)  The waiter knew this, but did not mention it until after we had both ordered very expensive cocktails.  Once we had these and had taken a sip, then he proudly announced the wine gift.  What a dick!  We would never have ordered the cocktails if we had know that we were being bought a bottle of wine!  Then the food was no way near worth the price.  Will never go back, bad move Dresslers..笑
"If I got nothing good to say, then say nothing at all"  
Hmm... in that case most of my reviews will be pretty blank lol.  So, here're something good: warm decor; good view by the windows (thank you to Duke Energy building, since it makes up majority of that view).  

I have been to the Birkdale location before.  I remember I almost melted by their crabcakes.  My first visit to the Met location, and I can't say the same about the food.

The french onion soup and the wedge salad were both solid, but they are hardly difficult to master.  I had the halibut, which came highly recommended.  The fish was bland, a little bit overcooked maybe, but definitely bland.  The potato cake at the bottom was flavorful though.  The ribeye was... tricky.  We seriously had to do a double take to make sure it wasn't a filet.  It was in a shape of a filet... cut into it and it was lean like a filet.  Turns out that's what they called "the HEART of ribeye."  I don't know about anyone else, but I say that's kinda silly.  If I want a lean cut of small portion steak, I would have ordered a filet.  People who love ribeye normally like the fatty part for the juicy flavor factor along with the size of a normal ribeye entree.  We felt cheated that part of the ribeye experience.  And in part it's our fault for not reading the menu carefully.  I spoke with another server I met after this dinner, and he said he always "warns" people about that, obviously we're not the only one who misunderstood this dish.

The service was subpar.  They didn't even bring a steak knife, which I assume is bare minimum of a service where they charge $30 for a steak.  Don't get me wrong, the server was nice, but again it's all about expectations.  For fine dining, we were expecting more... and we're slightly disappointed.笑
Tried and wanted to Love, but just liked. Restaurant is nice albeit a little crowded seating. Back to back chairs at tight tables made it uncomfortable. Service started out quite slow. It took 15 min to get a drink order. Server was very indifferent. The majority of food was well cooked, but do not order the Duck. The half duck is nothing more than two leg quarters. Duck Confit would have been better. Roasted and fried to death, with underdone sides. Will give a second chance sometime. Service needs to improve though!笑
Loved it! One of my new favorites. I never order fish but the halibut sounded good and it was delish. Everyone I was with really enjoyed their meal and our waiter was fantastic. Dessert was great too. One of the owner's mom's recipes for carrot cake and cheesecake. I definitely recommend it.笑
Oh yum, where do I start....the Hubs and I had a gift card to Dressler's and decided to use it to celebrate our anniversary.  I made reservations on Open Table and mentioned that it was our anniversary and we'd like a view of the CLT skyline.  The hostess was fantastic - we were running late due to some other travel arrangements and we called to give them the heads up and they were very accommodating.  When we arrived and told them our name they immediately wished us Happy Anniversary and sat us at a booth with the most amazing skyline view.  

Our waiter was wonderful, and when I asked for vegetarian recommendations he produced an entire vegetarian and gluten free menu which totally caught me by surprise!  We ordered the pimento cheese appetizer and it was awesome, but that goat cheese looked very tempting as well.  The Hubs ordered the seafood and grits entree and I got linguine with a garlic cream sauce from the veggie menu.  Everything was wonderful and the service was spot on.

For dessert we had one of Mama Dressler's homemade cheesecakes and it was just melt in your mouth amazing.  I can't say enough great things about Dressler's  - wonderful service, awesome food and a photo-worthy view!笑
My steak left a lot to be desired. Well prepared but mediocre flavor. Full disclosure my gf is a big fan.笑
No lengthy review needed....great service, perfect (and honest) suggestions on the menu, and delicious food. Won't be our last time here.笑
My food was prepared wrong twice, so I'm leaving with a to go order and thus can't comment on the food. I will say that they charged me $1.50 than advertised more for a glass of whiskey because, they tell me, I ordered it neat. Apparently, the prices they list for liquor are only for drinks on the rocks, which he claims are a larger pour. So, if you decide to have a drink here, remember that they have a system all their own. They do not measure out a shot, like every other bar in the country. They pour more than a shot (though I didn't see the increase) and charge an additional fee (without note in the menu or any word from the server) if you order neat.笑
Went there on a Friday evening.  The atmosphere was exactly what I had hoped for which was not too stuffy although some patrons were taking the casual attire way too far.  We were promptly seated in a location I requested so we could people watch those next door at the Hickory Tavern.
Our waiter was extremely nice and not overly pushy which is nice.  We shared some Buffalo shrimp as an appetizer which was fantastic.  Not really a complaint but don't you hate it when there are an odd number so the lat one sits in the dish because you're both being too nice!  I wish I had taken the darn thing!
We went on to split a wedge salad which they split for us.  It was very fresh and the dressing was really nice.
We both were in the mood for beef.  My date got the filet and I got the NY strip.  Both were cooked to perfection with lots of flavor.  My fries were perfect she enjoyed her sides of mashed potatos and asparagus.
All of this with a nice bottle of Pinot.
Although Dressler's is not cheap it should not hurt your feelings for what you get.  I will reserve the fifth star for my next visit which won't be long!笑
Food is great. I suggest he calamari as a shareable appetizer and the halibut which sits on a chive potato cake and topped with lump crab meat. The Mac and cheese is delicious also. My wife ordered the salmon and my daughter the lamb, both were pleased. The only reason I didn't five star them, the restaurant was so cold in temp to me and others笑
I went here for my birthday dinner on Sunday- my boyfriend picked out the restaurant and said he was looking for something similar to Ruth's Chris/Capital Grille but wanted to try somewhere we haven't been. 

We were served by the sommelier, which was perfect since it was a special occasion and half-price wine bottles (every Sunday). She recommended a French red wine that went well with our meal.

To start, we ordered French Onion soup which was good but way too salty- I couldn't finish it. I ordered the filet, and they were very accommodating about my mushroom aversion- the demi glace on the filet normally comes with mushrooms but I was able to get a non-mushroom version. The filet was cooked perfectly but, again, the demi glace was extremely salty. I also couldn't finish this dish, which was unfortunate considering how expensive it was.
My boyfriend got the strip steak and it was a little under cooked and also very salty. The fries that came with it were really good though.

We decided to get a slice of homemade cheesecake for dessert even though all the salt and food had filled us up already. Finally we were served something not too salty! The cheesecake was delicious and easily my favorite part of the meal. I also ordered a cappuccino which was average. 

Overall, I want to point out that there are 3 things keeping us from coming back in the future:

1. Over-salted dishes- this is a shame because the actual food itself was very good.

2. Slow service- Our reservation was at 7:30pm and we left at 9:30pm. This would be fine, except we continually waited around with empty plates and water glasses before anyone noticed. It was also Sunday night, so we weren't trying to have a long, leisurely dinner that would be normal on a Friday or Saturday. The place was pretty empty (maybe 5 other tables were full) so I don't know why the service was so slow.

3. No birthday acknowledgement- My boyfriend told them it was my birthday two times: once when he made the reservation and once when the hostess seated us and asked if it was a special occasion. I wasn't expecting a free dessert or anything outrageous, but a "Happy Birthday" from our server or a candle in the cheesecake would have been nice.

If/when those 3 things are fixed, I would say Dresslers could definitely compete with the other high end steakhouses in the area. Until then, I will be making reservations elsewhere.笑
My roomie and I went to Dresslers to grab a quick bite at the bar before a show. I asked the servers recommendation between two dinner plates and he said crab-cakes - but rather than let me simply order the $19 meal, he said you know we have an app portion and it's half off apps at the bar m-f! So I ended up getting that and the seared tuna and a delicious malbec all for $20- you really cannot beat that price! 

And oh was he not kidding about the crab-cakes - almost zero filler and some of the best remoulade I've ever had! The tuna was cooked perfectly (but I felt it could use a tad bit of something- perhaps citrus?) Overall both dishes were very large for an appetizer portion and I was completely full after two. 

Great service from the bartender, convenient locale, and we were in and out in a short period of time in order to make our show- so I will definitely return!笑
Probably the best service I've had recently while dining out and the most delicious $7 glass of cab sav. I was disappointed with my dining partner's short rib- it was rather dry. However my lamb was cooked perfectly. The calamari is special and worth coming in for. However for these prices I thought I would be dazzled and I was content but not amazed.笑
LOVE THIS LOCATION! 

We got lucky on parking, but it's really the ONLY bad thing about this Midtown spot. View of downtown and the metro vibe, but not the crazy cluster-fudge that is downtown (or is it uptown?)

I had been urged by friends to try Dressler's for a while... Unfortunately the prices are a little high for my household's food game, but thank God for Groupons!! We had a $30 coupon for $60 worth of food, HOLLA!

Aside from the amazing food, the thing that stood out to us the most at Dressler's was the amazing service. Our waiter was so helpful, thoughtful, and fast. Just a shining star in a sea of mediocre waiters. Three thumbs up.

Now back to the food.. DELICIOUS. Really though, the quality of everything was super high and fresh. Our waiter even assured us that the seafood is flown in fresh daily. I didn't have the biggest selection as a vegetarian and I mentioned this to the server AFTER our meal. He felt so bad: "I wish you would have let me know, we have an entire vegetarian menu and gluten-free menu". Whoa! 

I ordered the Goat Cheese & Garlic Appetizer and G's House Salad as my entree. Both of these were simple but perfect. The Goat Cheese app was very similar to my favorite goat cheese app at 300 east. The one at Dressler's differs in that it's served with a tomato chutney instead of sun-dried tomatoes... I can dig it. I ate every single bite of both my plates.

My boyfriend ordered Just for the Halibut and was blown away. I rarely see him that blissful about food, but this was one of those times. 

We ordered the Mom's Carrot Cake  to-go. I can't say it was the best carrot cake in the universe, but i was pretty close.

DEFINITELY COMING BACK HERE AGAIN!笑
Pleasantly surprised by this place. I was not sure what to expect when walking up to it from the outside, and upon entering, I felt very underdressed for lunch (caters to the business lunch) but overall a great experience. 

Our server was wonderful and very attentive to my guest and I, and answered all our questions without any issues. Very efficient and prompt as well. 

I had the blackened chicken pita for lunch with the pasta salad and my guest had their chicken salad with the pasta salad as well. The blackened chicken pita was delicious! Perfect amount of spice and seasonings, and the pita was light and fresh! As for the chicken salad, there was more than enough on the sandwich and half of it became a snack for later in the day. The pasta salad needed a little salt or seasoning, but that is really the only qualm (and such a minuscule one at that) 

Only gave it four stars because I didn't try their deserts and I know nothing about their dinner menu, but I'll certainly be back to check that out!笑
I've been here twice and love to sit outside when I visit. I've had the scallops and the shrimp and grits. I love the atmosphere and the service is always great! I used a Groupon the first time I visited and wasn't disappointed. Now that I moved to the Charlotte area, I want to try the one in Huntersville because it's closer to my house but this location will always be my #1.笑
Just opened 2 weeks ago.  We went with a group of 6.  Great food and great service. We all had salads that were ample enough for 2 and only $5.  We ordered Halibut, NY Strip and Filet.  All of the dishes cames with a starch (potato or rice). Ended out night with Molten Chocolate Cake and Mom's Carrot Cake.  Which were both very good - would go for the Molten cake.  Definetly the place to go.  Entrees are from $22 - $30 (Lobster tails are $35).  Sides are extra but feed 3 people.  Great place.笑
Chose this place for a nice dinner for my boyfriend and I because the first time I had stopped in for an after dinner drink, the bartender was exceptional.  When we returned, we had an amazing experience. Host was all smiles. Had a drink with the same bartender Brian before we sat down. They sat us at the perfect table with a great view of the city. Great team service from the staff. We were never ignored yet never bothered. The food was wonderful, and very much enjoyed the wine list. The manager even stopped by the table to ask how the evening went. 
We will absolutely return to Dresslers. Thank you for a great night.笑
I don't give out 5 stars especially to somewhere that I don't always order food. Don't get me wrong, I'm in love with the short rib and any of their always fresh salads. What I like most about this place is the staff. Rowena and Brian always greet me so warmly, but more importantly watching them interact with every customer that walks in,  even the ones not headed to the bar. John, the owner, remembers names and faces like no one I've ever met which is a nice touch. Try sitting on the back patio for some of the best views of uptown. And if you're in the mood for a dessert, ALWAYS get "mom's" cheesecake.笑
Went during Restaurant week, and it was our first time here. Free valet parking, we were seated promptly, the place was clean and very nice.  Our server was VERY friendly, and took the time to answer any questions, and offered several suggestions. I liked the drink and dessert menus on the tablet, neat presentation.  I had a blackened ribeye that was just plain perfect. Cheddar mashed potatoes were also great.  The price was good, of course, being Restaurant Week.  But I think I'd be willing to pay the regular price for the level of service and the quality of the food.  We'll be back next time we need somewhere fancy to eat in Charlotte.笑
We have been to both locations (Midtown and Birkdale) and both seem to be equally great.  Inside decor is nice although we only see it as we walk thru to the patio seating.  FYI, people watching at Birkdale is probably better but the skyline view of the Midtown location is excellent.  Parking is decent.  I believe there is valet at both places in addition to plenty of street and garage parking within a block.  

We always get the crab dip appetizer...yummers!  Our entrees I'm a little fuzzy on as it has been a few months.  I know we've done the crabcakes which were great.  And I'm 99% sure I got the filet mignon once and it was great.  Outside of that I can't exactly recall but I know whatever it was we liked it.  One thing I do know for sure is we get the carrot cake for dessert.  Homemade by Mama Dressler we are told and holy crap is it good...and big.  I think we've even gone once or twice just for dessert alone.

We give Dressler's 4.5 carrot cakes out of 5笑
My friends rave about Dressler's and there was finally a groupon for this restaurant.  

After only eating a protein bar and subway all day my husband and I were STARVING so we decided to go ahead and use the groupon.  They say hunger is the BEST sauce.

We ordered the Thai Calamari & the Crab Dip.  The calamari was ok.  I was actually really surprised because it had rave reviews on yelp. It was not as crispy as I like for Calamari to be.  The crab dip was really good, we devoured that really quickly.

Our next course was a Caesar salad that we spilt.  The salad was really good.  The homemade croutons were on point and there was the perfect amount of dressing on the salad.

Next up was the New York strip entrees.  LET ME TELLLL YOUUU!!! The absolute best steak I have ever tried.  I mean EVER!  It was soooo good.   The flavoring was perfect.  It was cooked perfect.

We had excellent service.  Our waiter even brought wine samples out to our table to have with our entrees. 

The fries were delicious.  My steak and fries were both huge portions.  I could only eat about half of the steak and fries.  My husband on the other hand ate all of his steak and took the rest of mine home.

For dessert we split the Mom's apple pie.  It was ok.  I wouldn't order it again.

The reason for my 4 star review is because I feel like the restaurant is over priced.  I would love to go back and get the steak I had again but I can't justify spending $38 each just on the entrée.  The groupon is a good deal though!笑
First time I came here I wasn't really impressed with the food, though the service was amazing. Thinking we might have just ordered the wrong things, I decided to give it another shot when a Groupon popped up. After giving it a second chance I can say with the upmost confidence... the food is just alright, service is still good, and that if I would have paid full price for the meal I would have walked out a tad pissed.

I will however start with the good. The staff is great. Starting with the hostess and ending with farewell at the door, a bunch of kind, helpful folks. Asa was our server and he was both personable and professional. A seemingly rare combination these days. While he did disappear at times, I walked away feeling like he was stellar at his job.

Now for the food. I must preface by saying that I will gladly drop money on really good food. Its one of the few things I enjoy spending it on, but I also look at opportunity costs. If I am going to spend $30 on an entree it should at least be better or more interesting than a similar dish I could have gotten somewhere else for $18. Obviously there are other factors that will justify cost, experience, ambience, you get the idea. 

So far I've tried the calamari, goat cheese, crab dip, chopped salad, ribeye, halibut, new york strip, lamb, and chocolate cheesecake. All that and the only thing that impressed me was the dressing on the salad. A champagne vinaigrette that was truly amazing wasted on a combination of ingredients that you would find on a house salad at a place like Chili's. The calamari was good, fresh, but not memorable much like everything else. The goat cheese needed a better bread instead of pita, too limp. It just made me wish it was the goat cheese from 300 east, who do it similar and WAY better. The lamb was good, perfectly cooked but was dying for something fresh or green on the plate instead of just rich lamb, a rich sauce, and rich mashed potatoes. The steaks were good. However, without meaning to reference 300 east again, thought their hangar steak was miles better even with a cheaper cut and a cheaper price tag. 

Bottom line is if you want to blow a bunch of money on decent food you won't be disappointed, the service is great after all. But there is much better food elsewhere at much better prices with an equally as engaging staff and ambience.笑
This restaurant never disappoints!  I took my parents, who were visiting from out of town, and they were beyond impressed.  Jon Dressler himself is so active amongst the patrons-whether he's just checking on patrons, serving wine, cleaning tables, anything.  Our server, Jerry, and his trainee in tow, Mitchell, were wonderful and accommodating for anything and everything.  They are so proactive at this restaurant that I have NEVER EVER had to send anything back or ask for something they forgot.  5 stars aren't enough for this establishment.笑
OK... I am really not sure if I'd return... I definitely have mixed feelings about my first dinner at Dressler's.

1. The ambiance is very chic with a very comfortable layout... with a great view of Charlotte's city lights...

2. Service is nice  but out waitress hovered too much... I know there's a fine line between inattentiveness and overly involved but she was definitely in our faces too often. Somebody needs to teach her how to read a customer's nuances... if they are in deep conversation wait a but instead of constantly interrupting... wow... it was annoying.

3. Then... the foods... myeh... the food was served a tad cool and was presented as if it was already prepared earlier that afternoon... the seasoning was totally unimaginative. Basically, the meal was forgettable for the prices...

So, if this was a restaurant with an average location and poor layout then Dressler's would be a no-go, no return. I'll give it another go but the service better be more seasoned and the food better matched for the price.笑
This place was just wonderful! The staff, wow!!! They were over the top helpful, polite and just all around very accommodating. The food was great, we started off with drinks, I had "French Kiss" and my husband had something that had bourbon in it, we both loved them, we later split some house drink with peach in it and it was out of this world good! We aren't really drinkers but I could have been tempted to order a couple of them!
We also had onion rings, crab cakes and steak. There wasn't a single thing we didn't like and to top it off we enjoyed the carrot cake! 
We will certainly be back again!  So glad to have found this place!笑
Ok, so where do I begin?  This place is amazing and has a perfect location with a great view of uptown.  In the summer, there is live music outside where they have outside dining.  I would definitely recommend making a reservation here. 

The staff is amazing.  I used to be a hostess here and people only walked out beyond satisfied.  Servers, Asa and Kent, received the most compliments while I worked there.  However, all the servers are great.  Very knowledgeable of the menu and their food is local.  

My favorite dishes are the lamb, scallops, the goat cheese app, and the calamari.  Must try the calamari! It is one of a kind.  This place also has great desserts which are made by Jon Dressler's mom herself.  I recommend the cheesecake but everyone seems to prefer the apple cake.  I will try it next time but cheese cake is my favorite dessert so it just made sense.

Great for events.  There are back rooms which can be held for receptions or other formal occasions.  

There is a dress code so don't go in wearing gym clothes unless you are Greg Olsen. 

There is delivery but you must go through Foodie Call.   

Definitely check this place out.  Can't wait to check out the new restaurant opening in South Park this November笑
I have only been here once but so far my experience has been delightful. The bar manager Jeff is welcoming and the environment is comfortable. Jeff gave us great recommendations of the menu. I had the opportunity to try their cheesecake and it was the best I ever had. I will definitely be back to try their full dinner menu!!笑
Dined here for an early dinner recently and agree with much of what other Yelpers had to say. We used a Groupon as well, GREAT deal for what you got, and what a gorgeous day to sit outside. Agree, the staff tries to be absolutely the best (familiar with other Dressler's restaurants, Jon does a great job of hiring the right people. . server wise). We were there for an early dinner & it was not crowded whatsoever. Our server, Richard was clearly proud to be working there and offered many excellent selections. However, there was what appeared to be a *manager* who wanted to make darn sure that nobody received any special treatment. We enjoyed chatting with our server, Richard, who was an absolute sweetheart.  As I said, the place wasn't crowded (most people sat outside, the inside was about empty). You'd think they were packed to the gills considering how that *manager* (cranky and rude) kept stopping by our table & others to bark orders at the servers. What a creep - despite the great food (calamari, crab cake, lamb chops, Cesar salad, lamb (a bit fatty - REALLY) and a delicious halibut dish, that *manager* was a crank, had the staff unsettled and actually dropped a bill in front of me after we'd already paid ours and included a generous cash tip. Our server quickly said he'd already taken care of the bill, so the creep who dropped HIS bill right in front of ME (not my husband) just said "oh" and picked it back up. . .I wonder what it would have had written in it!

Hope this guy isn't a relative of Jon D.'s. . .who is renown for putting his family to work (his mom makes the BEST DESSERTS!!!). Just so sad to leave what was originally an upbeat and happy occasion with such a downhearted feeling. I doubt we'll be back anytime soon.  . .sadly.