A pretty good board game cafe. Pretty spacious and they also sell sealed board game products as well as trading card games. I love the name of the cafe as well.

Its $2.50 for an hour (quick play) and $5 for unlimited play (2+ hours). They have over 700 board games. I was surprised that some board games were sleeved which makes playing the game more enjoyable and makes the shelf life even longer.

Also, I like the fact that they have a nice selection of drinks from coffees, lattes, slush and bubble teas. I ordered a honeydew milk tea from the cafe and it was alright. 

If you come often, they have a VIP card for $20 so you get the expansions for the boardgames. I don't think it is really worth it. They also have a vicinity points system but you have to order a latte in order to get points which is a bummer. They should include other drinks or when you pay above a certain amount to get the points.笑
Great place. Service was great, good suggestions for games and snacks. Games seemed in good condition. Very trendy. A great date night.笑
Great midtown place to play board games.

FTW has a pretty wide board games selection featuring some classic popular games such as Settlers, Cards Against Humanity, Kings of Tokoyo and Telestrations to name a few. There is a gaming fee of $2.50/hour or if you can stay longer it's $5.00 which is a good deal. They have a decent food and drink menu including bubble tea! Friendly and courteous staff and the place feels very homey. I've been here around 10 times over the course of the year. They offer an annual membership some perks. If you have the Vicinity card, it's one of the local businesses that gives out points which I personally like. It's a nice place to play board games if your uptown. Would definitely recommend to others and will be back as usual.笑
Location: Conveniently off Yonge St with plenty of small residential roads for parking.

Facility: Homey and comfortable, but the decor is kind of under-stimulating. Washrooms are located in the basement. They are satisfactory. There is a food bar right in the middle of the establishment which breaks up seating to the front and the back of the store. 

Food Quality & Price: Food and drinks were not very impressive for the price. Totally NOT worth it unless you are starving. If you're going to order anything, a latte is pretty much the only think you want to get. Eat before you come. Until they step up their menu game, you'll be disappointed you bought anything. $2.50 per hour.

Service: Sparse. Just like this underwhelming review. We asked someone to recommend games, they said okay but never came/followed through.

Overall: Neat place to go with your friends. Surprised by the exceptional reviews on yelp. An okay uptown alternative to Snakes and Lattes. I wouldn't say it's cheaper. It's just satisfactory if you have no other options. Game selection is also mediocre.笑
Great service. Honestly. 

Came with a friend before he left to half way around the world. Made the staff find us games for two and they picked the perfect games. 

The staff REALLY knows their games. They explain it in a tldr; method where it's easy to understand and it's fun to learn. 

The coffee is amazing and from Pilot, just like from Te Aro on Queen East St. The staff checks up on you, to make sure you're not totally lost on what you're doing. 

Love the place and only 5 dollars to play. Would definitely come here again when around the area.笑
What a cool, fun spot to hang out! Great selection of games, although some are in need of replacement from the looks of it. Just means that many people have gone here to enjoy them!

I had a honeydew milk bubble tea and it was delicious! Would definitely order this again. My friends and I played a game called "Concept", which I'd never even heard of before. Just goes to show how many board games are out on the market. We played for about two hours, so we paid the $5 per person 'unlimited' price. Not a bad deal. I think it cost more to park! 

Service was friendly, and even though the place was packed, they were attentive and fairly quick to bring our drinks and food. Will be going back again very soon!笑
Board games and proper bubble tea! All the staff are very friendly and hospitable. They serve great locally roasted coffee too! There's a nice selection of pastries and tons of games! I hope to see the collection of games and the food/drink menu grow. Atmosphere is very pleasant. My wife and I will be coming here again and again!笑
This was a cozy place. It filled up quickly on the Saturday evening, but at no time, did any of the staff made us feel pressured to leave.

At $5 for unlimited play, it's a dollar cheaper than the ever-popular Snakes & Lattes. I feel like the food is on-par, which is to say it's good, but nothing to write home about. Everyone who ordered drinks (matcha latte, pour-over coffee) enjoyed their drinks. 

The only thing I will say is that people who like tending to and attention from staff might feel ignored. Whenever we asked for help or water or food, it came swiftly, but there wasn't any of that "come by every 30 minutes and ask if everything's okay" pop-by. Personally, I liked this. There were no interruptions and we could focus on our games. 

I really enjoyed the booth at the back. It was spacious and private. 

I'd never visited For the Win before, but this is a great halfway spot if you don't want to head all the way downtown to Snakes and Lattes. I didn't explore their entire collection and just visually, you can tell they don't have as many games, but they have still have a big collection and definitely have all the major games you're looking for.笑
Great place to go to with your family or your date. They have lots of board games and videogames to play. We played some N64; mario kart, diddy kong racing and smash brosh. The best thing is that you don't have to pay a cover or an hourly rate. All you have to do is order a drink.笑
I do love this place and I will come back for sure. My bf and I planned to have a sober Friday night out and we both love this place. For The Win Board Game Cafe is located near Yonge and Lawrence section. Parking on the street is easy to find on the street. This place game selection is really good, include board games for juniors (from 3years old). The environment is kids friendly too. However, when we were there, we got seats right away, which rare thing in Friday night. Lots of choices for coffee, tea. If you want to get your sweet craving cure, I recommend the Nutella Latte. We both got white and green tea. If you finish your cup, you can ask for hot water refill. I know someplace they will charge you for it =\ but not this one ;)
In sum, For the Win Board Game cafe is my new favorite spot.笑
We stopped by For The Win on a Sunday afternoon and the place was jam-packed. The table in front of us was a boisterous group of teens and the one behind us was a bunch of unattended children, clearly on a sugar-high from the Jones Sodas they were drinking. Needless to say, the noise level was not ideal. 

My boyfriend is a huge board game nerd so we didn't need much help in picking one out, but the selection was adequate considering the size of the place. From what I understand, you need to be a V.I.P. member in order to have access to expansion packs and such, which is an interesting business model, I guess. 

We each had a coffee, which I found to be just fine. As we were going over the rules of the game however, the table in front became increasingly obnoxious. I called the server over and asked if he could do anything about the noise, and he politely asked the group to keep it down. A few minutes later, he came to our table and offered us a free hot chocolate and apologized. I thought it was a lovely gesture.

Overall, we had a good time.笑
My Favourite board game cafe in the city

Pros:
Nice selection of games
Plenty of seats
Awesome owners

Cons:
Some game supplies need to be replaced

I have a lot of friends who are huge board game enthusiasts so I've made my rounds to all the board game cafes in the city.  Honestly, their all great but what makes this one the best are the owners.  They are some of the nicest and friendliest owners I ever come across, regardless of the business.

For the Win has a great assortment of games.  It's probably not as big as the cafes downtown, but they have everything you need to have a good time.  Some of the games which use supplies like pens, markers and paper, need to be replaced though.  We were trying to play Telestrations with markers that could barely write which made it tough.  Other than that though, our board gaming experience was top notch.  The price of gaming is very good too.  You can pay by the hour or you can pay $5 for unlimited.  The only reason to pay by the hour is if you know you're only there for one hour.  Any bit longer and you should just get unlimited.

For the Win has plenty of seats inside as well as a cafe with a good assortment of drinks.  Food wise, they have a couple of snacking options but it's nothing extensive.  I've been told the place is owned by a married couple who are nothing short of amazing.  They were very friendly and made accommodations for our little one without us even asking.  They are very friendly and try to make everyone feel welcome while you're there.

All the board game cafes in TO are pretty good.  This just happens to be my favourite.  If you're board game lover you probably already know all about this place. If you're not, I would still give this place a try for a fun day/night out!笑
For The Win is a really cute board game cafe in midtown Toronto. I came here with a few friends on a Saturday night and we were lucky that a group left just before we arrived. This place is quite small so expect a wait on weekend nights (you can usually call and ask them if it's busy). 

Even though my friends and I had dinner right before coming here, we were tempted by their yummy looking cakes (displayed at the front). The four of us each ordered a drink and split a NY cheesecake and Red Velvet cake. The cheesecake was superrrrr delicious! Like Cheesecake Factory delicious (but not as heavy). My taro bubbletea, however, was quite mediocre and tasted a bit powdery. I'd recommend trying a tea or latte. 

The atmosphere here is really cute and cozy with a good selection of standard and unique board games (Monopoly Deal, Settlers, etc.). It is unlimited play for $5 and the service is really friendly. 4.5/5笑
Been going here for a while now and it's awesome! This place has a nice selection of games in good condition and lots of games available for purchase as well. The food is solid and affordably priced and from the drinks I've tried, the lattes and bubble tea are quite tasty. Staff is super friendly and helpful.笑
Great selection of games!

The staff are super friendly and patient too.

Maybe because it was a rainy day, but it wasn't too busy so it was great!

For those with young children, this place is great. There is a separate selection of games for young children.

Pricing
The fee structure is $2.5/hour per person. They don't pressure you to buy any of their beverages, but I really liked their Nutella selection of lattes and coffees.

Definitely a nice hangout spot.笑
The place was packed but we managed to find a seat for our group of 7. Found an interesting game and had a ball with it. Drinks were great as well. Price was very affordable and staff was super friendly. 

I am not using exclamations because it is my new years resolution not to. So there! darn it! argh! !!! ...whatever...笑
Great place. So much game selection and a fun idea to play board games and drink coffee/bubble tea. 
Coffee drinks are good. Bubble tea below par. 
Nice staff who aren't intrusive but helpful when choosing board games. 
Good PG times for all.笑
Came here with the bf for a date night and had a lot of fun!

It's a cozy little space that has a very homely feel to it. We had a groupon with a $10 food credit. We ordered the Nutella banana sandwich to share, their hot chocolate, and a coffee for my bf.

The sandwich was actually quite good (I mean .. it is Nutella and banana). Loved that they served my hot chocolate in a South Park mug! Hot chocolate wasn't the best in the world, but it was decent. Made me feel at home.

Servers and game masters are very knowledgeable. We added a couple of more games into our repertoire. My bf and I stayed for 4 hours and would come back again. 

TL;DR Great for groups less than 4. Come here for a date night!笑
Friendly clean atmosphere with good selection of games. Kid friendly (I've been coming here with my 12-year old since he was 10 or so.)

A good Board Game café must have good coffee. These guys nail it. Lattes are awesome and Americano's are reasonably priced (compared to Starbucks). My kid loves the hot chocolate which always comes with a heart drawn into the froth. Only minor issue is the café always seems on the chilly side and the coffee gets cold when you're embroiled in a tense game of Exploding Kittens. Next time, I might bring my own insulated mug.

They have some food selections but it's somewhat limited to snacks and some desserts. Doesn't really work for dinner -- they don't really have food that's fit for a proper meal. They say no outside food and I understand that, but hopefully they would allow you to slip out, grab a quick bite and come back on the same $5 (not sure it they would allow that).

I'm not Board Game connoisseur but for my money they have a great selection, from the old classics to the new classics and a lot of selection including kids, dexterity, group, trivia, silly, strategy, and on and on. The staff are quite knowledgeable and unless they are really slammed they love to stop by and explain how to play the games. Over the years, we've been introduced to a dozen new games at FTW and some of them we loved so much we have at home now. But if you want to try a new game, I suggest you read how to play online BEFORE you go -- it's so much better than trying to figure it out when you get there, especially if you only plan on staying for an hour or two you want to max out your playing time. 

Worth mentioning that the staff (and most of the patrons) really respect the games and keep them in good condition. Cards are covered in plastic and still retain a "new" feel well into their third year of use. Only on rare occasion have I ever opened a game and not found it neatly put away by its previous users. 

One minor suggestion to management -- the basement washrooms are so cold! Maybe you could put a heater down there or something?笑
We really, really love this place. It is a great place for board game fanatics but we've discovered that cafe has more than just games. Their coffee is absolutely outstanding (which makes sense as they only use Pilot coffee beans). Their food is consistently high-quality and inexpensive. Their bubble tea was equally amazing, which was an incredible surprise because boardgames and bubble tea are some of my favourite things. Comfortable seating, clean, well-lit, very attentive friendly staff. Their retail section is well-organized and their prices on games are some of the best around. We can't recommend this place enough.笑
I had a great time here with a group of friends for some wholesome fun. The place is well lit with ample seating for 60 people with a great selection of classic games that's sure to please most. 

The food and service here is what really shines here, reasonably priced snacks, teas,coffees and desserts matched with attentive service. Be sure to double check your bill we noticed some double charging.笑
Best almond latte ever.  I don't know how they got almond milk to produce a decent froth, but they did.  Thanks.笑
There are so many games here it would make your head spin!  From kid games to classic games like Scrabble or Monopoly to the just off the wall GOT or LOTR type of games you will definitely find something

Tuesdays they have a $2 flat fee special that you can game as long as you want as long as you buy a beverage or food item (which are pretty reasonably priced).  The staff are really friendly and will help you choose a game if you can't decide

I won't lie and say when I walked in I didn't think nerd alert..nerd alert...but maybe it was because of the Pokeman championship sign out front or the fact that underneath this fabulousness of me...I am secretly a little bit of a nerd

I like that this place is super clean, near my area and you can kill a few hours here just trying out a bunch of games with your friends笑
I came here yesterday and had a really good time. They charge you five dollars to play as many games as you would like. They also have many beverages on the menu and offer almond and soy milk alternatives to people who are lactose intolerant. This is a huge plus in my eyes because it allowed me to purchase a latte, which I can't enjoy at many establishments. 

My vanilla almond latte was delicious! I really couldn't taste the vanilla flavour but it was creamy and presented perfectly. My latte featured a heart in the foam. It was really pretty.

In terms of food, the cafe didn't have any meals that I could enjoy. However, they did have corn chips and salsa, which I could/did enjoy. 

The reason I didn't give this establishment 5 stars is because it smelled a little funny.  

Allover, I would recommend this cafe and the employees are really friendly.笑
Came here with 3 others a few weeks ago, we had a good time. They have a HUGE selection of games and the ambience is quite nice. Food prices are quite high so I would recommend eating before coming. I got honeydew slush and it was delicious but quite pricey (around $7 or something with jelly). The game prices are very reasonable at $2.50/hour. The service was meh - our server explained some of the games to us but didn't seem pleased to do so. I don't think I would come here again simply because I think there are other board game cafes at a more convenient location from me!笑
I wish I could of experience this board game cafe as many others have. I purchase the VIP pass to book the VIP room a week in advance for my birthday. To show up and be told it was booked since 12 and unlimited hours was sort of disheartening and that they were regulars. I understand they want to keep their clientele made sense. It was an honest mistake I believe, but to be honest as well it kind of sucked. They were however kind enough to refund my pass.笑
So I've been here a LOT... and this place has really grown to be super popular. You may need to call ahead to reserve, especially for larger groups, but my friends and I have never had a problem with drop ins.

For $5, you get unlimited play time with a nice ever-growing selection of board games available. They have really simple kid friendly games to really nerdy games that take forever like Game of Thrones themed Risk.

For food, they have a nice range of espresso drinks, bubble teas, and regular teas. I always have to get the large BBT because it's so good the regular size is not big enough. They also serve a few sandwiches and chips if you're feeling hungry from kicking your friends' butts at Catan.

I really like this place. They're always super friendly and it's just a nice central place to hang out with your non-downtown friends. It's very TTC accessible, and there is parking on the residential streets around the area. 

I think the optimal group size is 4-5 people. Like I said at the beginning, you might need to either call ahead, or be prepared to wait a bit for larger groups on busy nights!笑
Hmm, I don't know if they were having an off day today. I went in for a coffee early evening, mostly because they have Pilot coffee. They didn't have drip coffee, which was fine. I prefer Americanos anyway. What was strange was that they were quite curt when I asked what a "fluffy" was ( it's steamed milk). 

Then, when I paid, the guy actually rubbed the crisp TWENTY and stared at it pretty hard to make sure it was real. There's really nothing about me that implies criminal or delinquent. LOL.

I decided to test out my hypothesis ( that they were jerks) and asked very politely if there were any good food places near by.

The guy making my drink scowled and the other guy didn't even look at me as he answered in this monotone voice that the Italian place next door made veal sandwiches. They both looked borderline disgusted that I had asked them a simple question.

I left and thought "weird."

It was very very strange, truly unfriendly and unprofessional.

The coffee was good. Pilot gave them a head start. As for the rest of it, avoid.笑
I came here with some friends after having a great AYCE dinner at Yonge Sushi down the street. It was later in a Saturday evening (8:30 I think) and the place had one very large group and one or two smaller groups gaming in the back. We had 6 guests plus my daughter who is still in a stroller, so we sat at the only table in the front.
The staff was friendly and quick, and we all got menus and a quick run-down of how the cafe works. The tabletop gaming prices are very reasonable ($2.50/hour per person, $4 flat rate after 2 hours) and the snacks and drinks on offer looked great. Some of my friends had gotten the bubble tea (regular size is actually pretty darn big!) and they all loved it. I was still full so I skipped the refreshments and focused on the games.
They have some games for sale at the front of the cafe, and the games to rent at the back. The games are well organized (regular party games, easy strategy games, more complex games) and there are a LOT of them. I liked that they have quite a few expansions for the games they offer as well. You can pick as few or as many games as you like and take them back to your table. The staff is very knowledgable about the games they have and can recommend games according to your preferences.
I had to leave after an hour as it was getting late, but they are open quite late in the evenings, making it a great post-dinner or late-night hangout for some casual gaming and fun!
*As a side-note, being a mom and finding a small business like this one who has a change table in the bathroom makes me want to give you my money :) *
I'll definitely be returning, and next time I'll be sure to try the food!笑
I checked this spot out recently with a local friend of mine. Out of all of the gaming cafe type places that I have been to recently, this one by far had the best selection. Most of the left side of the store are all of the games to play. The staff was amazing, my friend and I were playing Dice Masters and the girl brought us over blown up game place mats that were laminated and that attention to detail among others (explaining the games and not talking down to us) of those we chose to play afterward. Loved the place and will be back seeing how its a lot closer to my location.笑
This is a very nice play café. They have lots of board games. The games seem to be in good shape, with all the pieces and instructions available. They also have lots of seats. They charge $2.50 for one hour for playtime, or $5 for unlimited time. They have a snack menu which is reasonably priced. They have an extensive offering of nice drinks including a Nutella hot chocolate! The service is uber friendly.笑
I am happy that I stumbled upon this small board game cafe. It has a good enough selection of board games and drinks/food. I got a decent taro bubble tea with lychee jelly, but there's also tea, coffee, latte, and juice. I didn't order food as we weren't hungry but I did see a variety of items including grilled cheese sandwiches. On a Saturday evening you'll still be able to find good seating unlike Snakes & Lattes  

I think that this place is decently priced. $2.50 for the first hour and $5 thereafter for unlimited play (vs snakes and lattes $6). I also saw on the option of being a VIP membership for only $20 a year. I assume that's regarding unlimited plays all year round but don't quote me. If that is so, that's pretty awesome. The staff are friendly. I only deducted one star because I wish there was a game master walking around who explains various games to you like in other board game cafes. I found myself spending most of my time trying to understand the rules to a new game only to conclude that my brain didn't feel like working and opting for another game. Also, one of the games I picked up had missing pieces so that was a bummer. But honestly I would come back again. The staff was great too.笑
Good, small, yet solid selection of board games. Nice to see that there are finally options midtown.

The place was moderately busy on a Friday night and I was happy that they were able to set up a reservation for me for my small birthday celebration. Seating is comfortable, lighting is good and atmosphere is fairly relaxed. However, the bubble tea was medicore. I ordered green apple and a couple of friends got other flavours; none of us liked it and I didn't even finish mine. A friend said that the chai latte was alright though.

Staff are nice, but seem a bit shy. Will have to come back and try the rest of their menu.笑
Cute board game cafe in midtown Toronto. If the Snakes and Lattes scene and the wait is too much for you to take, it's worth the trek! Great board game selection and friendly staff.笑
These game cafes have been popping up for awhile and I haven't had the pleasure of visiting one until today. It was a lot of fun. Small group, but we had an intense game of Trivial Pursuit. We thought we were going to be able to play a couple of games as we'd chosen 3, but we were a little ambitious. The place is small, but cozy, and there was a great atmosphere. Staff are very friendly as well which adds to the character of this place. They have a wide variety of games and there was a whole wall of them that I missed. (Ironically, it was located at the front entrance). You could spend hours here, and when you pay $5 for unlimited play, you can't really go wrong. I agree with some others that there aren't many choices for food here, but they are decent. I had the bacon grilled cheese with chips and a large strawberry bubble tea. The sandwich was a ok, did the job of filling me up. But I love the bubble tea. I'm sure the desserts are where it's at, but I hadn't had dinner and I felt wrong about filling up on dessert (thanks, Mom). A friend had one of their peanut butter cookies which she swears by, but I will have to try it next time. I would come here again and recommend it to anyone who loves games or even those who don't but want to try something different. I love a good games night and this place delivered.笑
The staff are pretty obnoxious. Went with my boyfriend and they were all rude from the moment we walked in- the manager wasn't a very friendly guy either. Nice place- just wish the staff were a little sweeter- they all looked miserable.笑
This place is so awesome. Will definitely be back. Their board game selection is amazing and employees are very friendly. Haven't had the food yet, but I love the coffee drinks.    This place is what the area needed.笑
One of my most favourite spots in Toronto. First discovered this cafe on groupon and decided to give it a try, one of the best decision I've ever made. It is actually just down the road from my boyfriends house which is perfect. Since buying the groupon I've almost gone at least once a week. Both my boyfriend and I bought their VIP card which was $12 it lowered the daily limit cost to $4 and you get access to the VIP room which has expansions to the games and a room where you can hold a private booking. The staff are some of the most friendly people that I have ever met. They remember us every time that we go, not only us but the games that we play as well. We love listening to their suggestions on the next game that we should play. They are very knowledgeable on the stock and games that they have, they come up to you while your playing and are able to answer any question that you have when you are having some trouble. 

They also have a fabulous menu, when we first started going we would get there hot chocolate (so creamy and sweet) and the bubble tea(my first time and delicious). We recently have been ordering off the food menu and love the smoked meat sandwich which comes with chips (9) and the layered dip with tostitos(8). I've had smoked meat sandwiches from montreal and this is pretty close.

The only downside is that if you are going on the weekend, especially evenings, it can be very busy and might not have a table available for you right away. This has happened to us before so we went to Tim Hortons next door and would just check in to see if there was a table was available until there was. It can get a bit noisy but that is to be expected at a gaming cafe.

Overall a fabulous place that you need to check out if you are in North Toronto or in Toronto in general.笑
Get the M&M's and Chicago Mix Popcorn snack if you want something to chow on while playing games. Huge selection of games. Nice staff. They will teach you what you need to know quicker than the manuals. However went here in the winter wearing a sweater and the heat was fully blasted making it a bit difficult to concentrate on the games.笑
Lots of tables, lots of games, friendly staff, good food choices. Really nice lattes. The barista made a variety of cool designs in the milk
Went on a Saturday night with a group of 9 people and there was plenty of room for us.
Their games are in good shape; most of the games with cards have the cards in plastic sleeves so they won't get damaged as quickly.

Only downside is there's not a lot of parking in the area. Even Saturday evening most of the street parking was already full. But it's near the subway anyway.笑
I absolutely love this place! 

My friends and I go here all the time and the biggest difference between this place vs. other spots downtown is that the service here is great and the guys really take the time to explain the games and give great recommendations. They also have some great coffee but I do wish their food menu was a little more impressive.笑
Great selection of boardgames and a VIP area for expansion packs. Have been many times and have never had to wait for a table. The  staff is friendly and helpful.笑
Great coffee and great games. They are still figuring out their billing system so make sure to count on a 10 minute wait to cash out (if with a group). They have a great selection of games and have all of their cards in protective sleeves. Not too sure about their VIP section, seems to be a place for the owners children to hang out. It is 2.50 an hour per person, on Tuesdays it is 2 dollars for the whole day. It is also free during the day while I'm at work :(笑
A nice quiet board game cafe in uptown, For the Win has reasonable prices and good selection. I haven't had the food, but the drinks are decent. The staff is friendly and helpful, though not as knowledgeable as the game gurus at Snakes and Lattes. I came for my birthday with a pretty big party of 10-12  from 4-8 pm and it was pretty empty. It was like having a private room without the booking. If you are getting the vip card just for the private room, it's probably not worth it and not necessary. I think I will be getting the vip because the other benefits are worth it, and they take the vicinity card. Overall a good experience both times I went :)笑
Basically a cooler version of your living room with a barista and tons of boardgames. A really neat idea and a great place to hang out and try new games. It's $2.50/hour per person or $5 flat rate. The staff is super friendly and pretty knowledgable--they can can basically explain how to play any of the 1000s of games they have which is very impressive. You definitely need to check this place out!