Avoid the high school lunchtime crush times and the Eagle Twins is a great greasy spoon with excellent bacon, cheap egg breakfast and lunch falafel. Burger and fries are a good size and a tasty dinner option. 

Open on Saturday as an excellent fast alternative to expensive, slow, ho hum food in crowded nearby St.Clair diner standards.

Dingy yes. Tasty yes. Cheap yes. Wonderful neighbourhood family running the joint. 

Just wish the coffee was tastier but you can't have everything in one place I guess. High schoolers know their tasty foods.Ǿ
Love this place. Breakfast was amazing. Great prize. I go every Tuesday.  Very nice mom and pops shop. burgers are great. I keep coming back for their home fries give it a chance.Ǿ
A little hole-in-the-wall cafe/diner with the grill at the front and a TV with the news channel on in the back. Sedara and I got burgers and Jessy got a  Mediterranean plate. The food came out quickly, was really good, generous portions, and dirt cheap. I'm glad we stumbled across this place.Ǿ
I can't recommend or rave about this place enough. The owners are extremely warm and welcoming and truly show what real customer service is about. The food portions are ridiculously large for the price! 

I'm a regular here for a reason and highly highly highly recommend this place!Ǿ
You get what you get here. Cheap prices decent food and quick service.

I love it!Ǿ
OK, I've decided.  It is very dingy.  Repaint, and I'll reconsider.Ǿ
Fly Eagle Twins, fly! 

I had a delicious breaded chicken burger and a side salad. Nice and cheap here, and it's a mish-mashy dive-y diner, which I dig. The chicken burger was frozen, but that didn't make it any less tasty. The side salad was simple and drenched in dressing... totally reasonable. 

I look forward to returning and trying one of their breakfasts. Diner breakfasts are the. best. 

PEPPER'S PISSED: High School Students tend to descend here right at noon, so try to be earlier or later if school is in session. I have nothing against youth (most of the time I behave like one), but the sheer size of their packs can be overwhelming.