Longo's food is always good. I am more familiar with the Lakeshore location, but I was near this one this past weekend. Our waitress was nice and attentive, although the hostess staff made my friend and I wait 10 minutes to be seated when there were plenty of available seats for that duration. Overall, I would recommend this location but do prefer the atmosphere and service of their other location.Ǿ
I ordered take out today got 40$ worth of food when I got the food all the boxes were greasy my cavatellis containers were smashed and while eating my cavatellis they were so soft they felt like I was eating mashed potatoes with pasta sauce .. I was very disappointed in the food I got.Ǿ
Really like Longo's pizza. Only ever been disappointed one time and they were very polite and took care of me the way a customer should be treated. I like the fact they stick to the basic local pizza place items...wings, subs, salads and pasta dinners! I'm sure that's why they are so successful.Ǿ
We ordered 2 dinners. There was absolutely no taste to the sauce. Now when you order a chicken parm dinner you expect to taste more then chicken n cheese. The noodles were over cooked (angel hair)and all mucked up with water the lasagna had hardly no meat in it and was basically all cheese awful I say just awful. And the appetizers were potato skins Greasy on top and not done in the middle. I spent $30. On the garbage compactors dinner.
This was the lakeshore blvd. Longo's just fyiǾ
Not a long review.
Went to dinner with my wife last night and I was not impressed with our dining experience.
The service was adequate.
I ordered eggplant parmigiana that looked good but one I took a bite it was very bland and flavorless.
When I told our server she was like oh well I'm sorry.
I suggest that if you want eggplant go else where and stick to pizza.Ǿ
Great service, above-average food.  We had the cheesy bread, some pasta, pizza and eggplant.  All were great.  Salad dressing was bit plain for my taste, but overall, good food and lots of it for the money.  Don't expect fine dining, but for for a corner pizza joint, I highly recommend!Ǿ
Great food. Nice portions. Vegetarian friendly.  California veggie calzone is awesome comes with a side of sauce. My hubs likes the Sicilian pizza and calzone.Ǿ
Never been there in the 9 years i've lived here.  Was only on the back patio.  They should enclose that because it's a fun place!  Loud, great tvs, bartenders are great and plenty of parking.   THey are known for their pizza but I did not eat so I will update this after my first meal there.

Nice little bar.Ǿ
Dawn was our server ...she was awesome!  We ordered wine, beer, a calzone, wings and salad.  The food was kinda very boring but Dawn our server was so friendly and kind!!!   Next time is try the pasta....Ǿ
Used to eat here all the time. Loved it. Have moved out of state and was driving through on my way to see family. Got here 2.5 hours before close and they said they're closing early. 

Maybe put a notice on your website or something next time.Ǿ
Of the seemingly hundreds of pizza places in Mentor, I have tried many but 2 stand out.  Longos is one of them.
I love the delicious crust and the thickness is perfect.  I had the deluxe pizza.  Wonderful flavors.  Fresh ingredients were evident.  And Longos doesn't skimp.  They loaded the toppings on.  

Nice job, Longos.   I'm hooked!Ǿ
Longos is always a wonderful experience.

The pizza is better than most - although the crust is sometimes a bit "bready".  

Service here is exceptional.  Attentive, friendly and thoughtful.

The ambiance is lacking, but something that can overlooked with wonderful company and conversation.Ǿ
I use to order out a lot from Longo's but I prefer other restaurants.  Longo's is very inconsistent and I no longer am interested in ordering from there.  I tried speaking to management but it led to a debate....no debate the pizza was cold and the wings had hardly no sauce on them.  I switched my business to either Master Pizza in Painesville or Mama Roberto's for pizza.  For wings go to Wing Stop.Ǿ
As I've mentioned in other posts, I have 15 years experience in the pizza world. Of course this affects my reviews.

That being said, this pizza is absolute garbage. Seriously, I'd rather do my own open heart surgery than eat here ever again.  Utter crap.

Add to this how dirty everything is and it is no wonder that this company went from 20 stores to 2 in little over 3 years. Zero adherence to food codes. 

You want to spend days throwing up? Eat here.Ǿ
Pizza version of the greasy spoon diner. Pizzas are good, prices are fair and your table will be sticky. That being said it's a fine option for lunch - just don't expect any great dining experience.Ǿ
Lake county legend. Great wing flavors(general tso? are you shitting me?). Decent pizza. Family attitude. When in Mentor, this is the way to go for za. Fed the whole fam with it on my birthday. Wish I had one out here in Lakewood. But not really. This is Lake county pizza to be enjoyed in glorious :P Lake county.Ǿ
I grew up with this pizza, and the Longo's Pizza from my childhood will always be my favorite of all time (with the old Master Pizza on Mentor Ave a close second).  However, when we had it on a recent trip back to Ohio, it was not the same.  I'm not sure if they have switched to cheaper ingredients or changed cooking methods, but it was just not great.  Very disappointed.Ǿ
My whole family loves the food...especially the pizza.  Prices are great.  We order takeout all the time.Ǿ
This is not a bad pizza joint. I've been here a handful of times and although it's not the greatest pizza/pasta place on earth it's also better than a lot of the other joints in Mentor. Their service can be inconsistent due to all the young people that work here but overall it's acceptable. I've tried everything from salads to pizza and their pasta. I've even tried their sandwiches but their cheesy bread is the best thing on the menu. I order this every time weather I'm dining in or getting a carry out its just that damn good. I'm not a big fan of their ice tea it tastes a little funny to me but they have Pepsi products which makes me very happy. My girlfriend loves the chicken and walnut salad the most. This place is a sold three star pizza joint and they are open until 11 pm on Saturday which in this city is a big deal because everything seems to close earlyǾ
Longo's is the best locally owned restaurant!  More then just their delicious food, awesome patio, and great staff- it's how they give back that stands out.  They give $10,000 to the local humane society every year while also supporting local schools with discount card promotion deals.  They're the epitome of a local business that gives back.  The only place we will go for pizza!Ǿ
Great food and service at Longo's pizza, Joey's and Pastina.  As a Mentor native, there is no counting how many times I have frequented Longo's and now the newer establishments too.

On another note, today an organization I volunteer for received 20 kids bikes as a donation from Mr. Longo as gifts this holiday season.  These working families would never have been able to fulfill their child's #1 request without the generosity and incredible kindness of Mr. Longo and the Longo family.  What an amazing presence in our community!!