I ordered the Turkey Swiss market fresh sandwich. My sandwich was made fresh to order which impressed me and my curly fries were hot. It's hit or miss with this Arby's an it was a hit!  

I really enjoyed my lunch.笑
I ate there the other night on my way home from work. I got the French Dip Combo. Not only did it make me sick, but when I went home, all I did was watch a porno and go to sleep exhausted. I normally manage to stay up at least 4 or 5 hours after I get home from work. It was horrible.

The service the other night was good. This skinny ginger with freckles was super nice. But several other times, I've gone in there and received awful service. 

I have about 5-10 minutes between when my bus drops me off and when my bus picks me up and I have either McDonalds or Arbys to choose from for a quick bite to eat before work. I was in one line waiting for about 4 minutes for the counter girl who was slow. The manager then opens up a second line and the lady behind me steps up to make her order. I say "Hey, I've been waiting her longer than she has." And the manager told me "Your cashier will be with you shortly." I wasn't going to wait around so I took off. That was the last time I went to that Arbys before work.

After Tuesday's experience, its going to be the last time I go after work, too. I like the variety of Arbys but they're much more expensive than McDonalds and I've had too many bad experiences both with the food and the service.笑
At 9:50 AM I walked in, and ordered a chicken biscuit. The girl at the register walked around for a second, came back and said "we're out." So I asked what time they stop serving breakfast and she said 10:30 AM. She then said that the girl who's cooking would "have to make it." So I asked if that was going to happen. She walks over to three people standing around in the kitchen, asks the cook if she'll be making any more, and the cook looks up at me, makes a rude face and says no. The woman cook then proceeded to go back to talking to the other cooks while leaning on the oven. At that point I would've just taken a plain biscuit! It's disgusting that there are people who have jobs and then go to work and stand around and get paid to do nothing. I mean, how do you tell a customer 45 minutes before breakfast ends that you're "just not going to make any more biscuits." A complete lack of work ethic, it's disgusting. I looked at the girl and said, so you're just not going to make any then? Laughed, and walked out. My advice? Hire someone who would be grateful to have a job and who would take pride in it. Those people do exist. You don't have to have people in the kitchen who act like that.