Got the groupon based on the reviews and because my husband loves Chinese food.  When we drove in on a Saturday night, it was pretty empty and in a strip mall and we were immediately a little worried.

However, as soon as we got our food we were totally amazed.  First, the food comes on really beautiful plates and bowls (a nice treat).  The portions were HUGE (my husband and I could have easily split one entree and probably fed the kids on it, too - all for about $10).  The food was INCREDIBLY fresh and delicious - not your standard chinese food takeout.   I had the sweet and sour soup which was filled with fresh veggies and not overly thickened.  Perfectly spicy and it was only $2.  I also had the chicken "healthy choice" and my husband had the Sezchuan Duck which was not overly sauced but perfectly tender and flavored and came on a plate of vegetables (rare with a meat dish at a chinese restaurant).

Kids had fried rice which my son promptly exclaimed was as good if not better than his standard takeout Chicken Nuggets (that's a big statement for a picky 6 year old). 

Service was friendly and excellent.  I didn't give it a 5 because the flavors weren't unusual, but for a Chinese restaurant, this is our new go-to.笑
Just got home from the Bistro.  We got the calamari, (not so much) and the pot stickers (they were pretty good) for our appetizers.  We had the Thai Hot Pot for our entree.  This EASILY feeds two people, for only $10.50.  It was very good, and we will be going back, and having it again.笑
I just found this place a few weeks ago, and love it. I've been there or ordered pick up 3 times. The food is much lighter then the normal Chinese food you get at take out places. Their sweet and sour sauce and crab rangoon are the best I've ever had. I also had the Mongolian triple wonder which was really good. 

They also send out coupons in the mail and come in the monthly Shopper's Edge magazine. I didn't give it five stars because I like to be tough. However, it's the best Chinese I've ever had.笑
Very poor service.  Orange chicken was just chicken nuggets with a little sauce that didn't taste like orange.  Way to much breaking. We took friends and all were very disappointed in quality.  We ate here when it first opened and it was better.  Sweet sour soup was OK someone said.笑
Service was good, decor was nice, food was mediocre. Nothing to shout about. I liked that they have a large selection of different beers and wine which you don't find at too many Chinese places. 

Don't order the hot & sour soup if you're looking for something flavorful and spicy. Their version is more like egg drop soup.

I'd probably give it another shot but wasn't too dazzled the first try.笑
I'm a big fan of Vietnamese, Thai, and Chinese food.  So when my girlfriend and I first tried out Lee's Asian Bistro, we were surprised with the variety of options available on their menu, but skeptical at the same time.  They had so many dishes that I was afraid that the quality of the food would be compromised.   I believe that if you advertise your restaurant as a bistro and you serve Vietnamese food, the best way to find out the quality of the restaurant's food is to try out the two staples of Vietnamese dishes: pho and com tam suon nuong...the pho dac biet was the best pho in Madison in terms of quality and quantity.  My girlfriend had the pho and it tasted like the ones my mom used to make for me when I was younger...full of flavor and rich with an abundance of veggies on the side (onions, cilantro, jalapeno, bean sprouts, basil, mint, ngo cai, and lime).   I do like the fact that they have garlic chili oil...most Asian restaurants I dine at don't carry that.   And their pho size definitely  put Saigon and Pho Nam to shame.   I had the com tam suon nuong, and just like the pho, the portion was ginormous!  When they say "pork chop," they really mean pork chop with the bone, unlike Saigon's thin, little strips of meat  they called "pork chop".  To offend me even more, Saigon charges $3.00 more for a couple extra slices of meat.  My only issue with the com tam at Lee's  (rice dish) is the rice itself.  I prefer "broken rice" to the richer jasmine rice.  And I'm a big fan of veggies, so to have an abundance of lettuce, tomato, and cucumber on the com tam dish was a nice surprise.  My girlfriend and I enjoyed both the pho and com dishes, and we left Lee's Asian Bistro satisfied and not needing to order extra meat to fill us up.

More importantly for us is the service,  I work hard all week long, so when I do get a chance to go out and de-stress myself and indulge in some good Asian food, I expect good service.   Not only were the staff knowledgeable, friendly, and accommodating...they were accessible.   We had our water filled twice, and it would have been a third time had we not stopped the server from overindulging us with more water.  And of all the Asian restaurants that I've dined at,  Lee's had the best ambiance.   I love their huge open bar, the restaurant's color scheme, food and friendly staff.  

I haven't had any of their Chinese or Thai dishes yet, so I'll save my review and edit it later once I try out their pad thai and sesame chicken.笑
My boyfriend and I go to Viet Hoa the Asian market next to Lee's, so we had been curious about Lee's for awhile.  We decided to go there one day before grocery shopping and found out that we've only been waiting to get disappointed.  

First, we ordered the thai tea and some fried dumpings.  The fried dumplings were fairly good, but nothing that stuck in my mind.  The thai tea was absolutely terrible.  I've had some very bad thai tea before, but this was just beyond that.  It was very watered down with no flavor.  Where on the other hand thai tea is suppose to be very sweet and have a lot of flavor, so I don't recommend trying your first thai tea there.

For our main lunch dishes I had the Kung Pao Chicken and my boyfriend had the Peppered Steak.  The dishes weren't the worst things I've ever tasted, but they definitely just reminded me of the typical low quality Chinese food.  To be honest I've had buffets with higher quality dishes.  We didn't try any of the Vietnamese food there, so I can't judge that, but I definitely don't recommend getting their Chinese.笑
We ordered a couple items for takeout - Goi Cuon (Summer Roll 2), and 
Lap Kai (chicken salad).

Both dishes were basically meat and lettuce and sauce.  The summer rolls were shrimp and pork, equally flavorless (but not bad), wrapped with lettuce and rice paper and had very boring grey peanut sauce.   The Lap Kai had a nice spicy sweet & sour sauce with sliced red onions, but the chicken tasted like it was boiled and the veggies was just green leaf lettuce.  The ground rosted rice was just average steamed white rice.

If you've never had chinese and/or don't like your food too spicy or too much flavor, you might like this place.  Otherwise I'd try somewhere else.笑
It tastes better than the typical asian takeout. The green curry chicken is unique and deceptively hot but in a very tasty way. The avocado egg roll is a nice change from the typical appetizer. I may not know authentic but I know tasty and a good price so this is my go to for take out.笑
Lee Asian Bistro is a new place on Monona Drive in Madison that serves a mix of Vietnamese and Chinese food. I went the other day and had the Pho Tai. The meat was very thinly sliced and the broth had a very nice flavor and wasn't overly salty. The portion was a good size. In all, I'd have to say this was the best Pho I've eaten in the Madison area. The restaurant itself is very nicely decorated and the server refilled my water seemingly after each sip.笑
This restaurant has been replaced by Kim's Vietnamese, but the owner still runs Viet Ho grocery next door.

****

I've been watching this spot for the past two months, hoping it wasn't just another so-so buffet. The wait was worth it. The space used to house a dance studio and The Medicine Shoppe but now has been busted out into a nicely-sized restaurant with a bar and (ooo yeah) apparently a karaoke machine. 

Obviously the Asian population has heard about this place, even though it just opened. Walking in, I saw people poised over bowls of pho and other non-Americanized delicacies. The fact it is literally next door to Viet Hoa Asian Market means (I am assuming) that the ingredients are purchased by a simple walk across three parking spaces.

Jasmine tea came in a real pot. My hubby raved about the Shrimp with Broccoli in the "chef's special white sauce" and found himself competing with our daughter for the shrimp. She's not a big shrimp fan so something is up with that one. Must be good. 

Daughter had a nicely done Chicken Chow Mein Fun. Tasty. I tried the Vietnamese Menu's Bún ch giò. Beautifully served and an excellent sauce complemented this dish. 

Staff informed me that dim sum starts up next month. I'm there! No more driving to the other side of town for what I am assuming will be a real dim sum (7 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. on weekends once they get going). Woot!笑
Lovely decor. If only the food was as better. This place service a lighter version of Chinese food - not so greasy and heavy in salt and sauce. The pot stickers were good.  Tried the a vegetable stir-fry with the brown sauce and seafood with broccoli in the chef's white sauce. They were good but nothing special. The best part about these dishes was the ingredients were better quality than other places. The beef lo mien was disappointing - dry, lacked flavor, and the beef was chunky not thinly sliced and need more marinade. The service was OK. My DH was quite annoyed at the staffs noisy chatting in the back like an outdoor market place (why do they talk so loud?). Maybe it was just a bad day so when I went to Viet Hoa Asian market with my mom I gave it another try, ordered different dishes hoping for better but unfortunately it was more of the same so-so, sub par results. The place is beautifully decorated with sound dampening ceiling panels (a real plus), and an impressive kitchen. Now, if they can just whip up some better dishes and distinct flavor....

PS. My experience was from two visits 2011. I was in the mood to write a review so thought I just do a few others while I'm at it. I just noticed they've closed - not surprised.笑
Just put away my left over Pho. I got the works and already can't wait to finish it in the morning. It comes with everything you can imagine (basil, onion, bean sprouts, cilantro, jalapeño, lime, siracha and hoisin on the side (I don't know about you but I like lots of options!)   and the serving size is enough for two meals.

Looking forward to utilizing their delivery service lots this winter!!