Good pizza and a casual atmosphere great service I'll be backǾ
Nice neighborhood pizza place!  Cozy environment for good pizza, wings and your favorite beverage.  Quite a few items on the menu to choose from other than pizza and wings  Service was friendly, we will be back to enjoy again!Ǿ
Great NY style pizza. Nice friendly staff. Great place o have been going here and their other location in avondale for 15 years. My favorite pizza place by FARǾ
Exactly the NY style pizza taste I was craving tonight.  My only complaint was there was too much cheese/sauce so it was a little greasy and hard to eat.  Wings were good too!  Food was very hot and staff very friendly.  I called in the order for pickup and was hoping to find a menu online since we hadn't been in there but they don't have a website yet - what restaurant doens't have a website???Ǿ
It was just okay for me. Pizza was huge which was great for the price. I would eat there again.... But it would not make my top 10 favorites.  It has nothing that stands out to me as a wow factor.  Wings were good.Ǿ
Yep, just meh. The pizza is pretty big, but bigger is not always better my friends. Pizza had no flavor-I felt like I put peppers, salt, and parm on this poor piece of pizza but nothing really made it much better. Crust was also just a boring crust. 

Service was good-people were nice. The place was clean-had a few T.Vs around with sports and shows. Not busy at all on a Wednesday night-but not many places really are. Probably won't come back.Ǿ
I am a fan. Great wings, good prices, and no fuss atmosphere. $3.00 Kilt Lifter helps too.Ǿ
So glad they started doing delivery! It's a pain finding anyone who delivers in our area. Literally just finished eating our first delivery from Brothers. The girl who took my order was more than pleasant, polite and competent, the delivery arrived promptly within the time they said it would, the delivery guy was extremely friendly and smiling, food was piping hot and delicious. Overall 5 stars for great customer service (which seems to be so hard to come by these days) and good food.Ǿ
Really good wings and pizza. The service is unfriendly and the food took a while to get to us even though we were the only ones in there at the time.Ǿ
Grease, grease and more grease on our pizza. Wings were okay nothing to write home about. Besides the food being less than editable without getting a stomachache. The booths were ripped and old and we saw a cart where all these dishes were being stacked. You have to walk by it to use the restrooms. Once you get into the restrooms we see a cockroach and turn around and head to the car. One time is enough for meǾ
3 stars-o.k.  It use to be better.  It has gotten more expensive and the quality of pizza has gone down.  Also noticed on my last visit it isn't as clean or nice as it use to be.  The booth we were in had paint peeling-very unattractive.  I would go again but only with a coupon and would choose my eating area carefully.  Also, sometimes the owners (I think might be workers) kids are there.  They are loud and not well behaved.Ǿ
Pizza and wings are always good. I always order my pizza with extra sauce. Comes out perfect every time.Ǿ
Food was decent. I liked the pizza but the wings were not good. They were extremely soggy and had no meat. We are hoping we just got a bad batch but if we go back we will just get pizza. They send out coupons in the mail which is really nice so you can get a good deal.Ǿ
The thing that sets this place apart, I think, is the family atmosphere. The employees are nice, and make it an enjoyable place to eat.Ǿ
Talk about a place NON CUSTOMER focused! Arrived at 12 noon after seeing board out front announcing luncheon special of 2 slices and drink for 4.95...Well, not s pizza slice available! Had to wait 15 minutes! Do not expect much if you decide to come here...Ǿ
It was our first time ordering this evening.. Fast delivery..good customer service. Food was hot and good  My kids loved the pizza so we will definitely order again.Ǿ
This place is hit or miss.  No 2 pizzas are ever alike.  We get cheese pizzas sometimes that taste great and sometimes they're a soggy mess.  It's the only pizzeria nearby so when we have parties or kids over it's just convenient but after our last experience of ordering a nasty buffalo chicken pizza that looked and tasted like chicken salad spread on top of dough, we won't be ordering from here ever again.Ǿ
Great NY style pizza made in a HOT oven just like it should be!!  Gooey, melts cheese, delicious toppings, amazing pizza!  Tasty pasta dishes, too!!Ǿ
Brothers Pizza does not honor coupons.  They make it look like they do but they really don't.  I ordered Pizza twice online and received an email stating how much it was and then when I got there and presented a $10 off coupon they didn't take $10 off the price I was quoted online but actually charged me more than what I was quoted online giving me a BS reason of the online system quoted me the wrong price.  Even after I showed them the email they still didn't budge on the price.  So I basically wasted my Restaurant.com Coupon there.  Pizza is good but Service is Terrible.  Not surprised we were the only people in the restaurant the way they treat people.

I completely understand not honoring the 10% off online and the $10 off coupon but it appears as a consumer that I didn't receive either tonight.  The Subtotal on the email was $21.70 before tax.  10% of that is $2.17 which brings the normal Subtotal to $23.87 plus tax which puts me at about $26.  If your not going to honor both which is fine, take $10 off my original Subtotal before the online discount and that puts my bill at about $16.  Not the $23+ I was charged tonight.  I would much rather have $10 off than $2.17.  And if there is something wrong with the online pricing to where the price is not correct for what you ordered online then get it fixed.  Don't have the customer think they owe one amount and then they get there with a coupon and get charged a totally different amount.  As a Manager myself of a Business, I feel this situation should have been handled much differently tonight in order to keep a customer.  They obviously did not want to keep me as a customer the way I was treated tonight.Ǿ
So disappointed!  We really wanted this to be good pizza but it was tasteless and flavorless. The crust was the best part. Also ordered an antipasta salad. Again, disappointed. Tons of iceberg chunks, very little leafy parts and no romaine or spinach blend and the topping seemed like nothing but lunch meat.Ǿ
Food scaps, napkins, straw wrappings on the floor - and only about an hour into the business day on Sunday.  Not busy either, staff chatting with each other, so clearly there's no rush to clean things up from the Saturday night business.  They offer slices every day at lunch yet there were none ready (or in the oven) when I arrived.  Fresh pizza is nice, but when you go to a place for a slice, a major motivating reason is the short time it takes to heat up a slice rather than make a whole new pizza.  Looks like I'll be going to Ray's, Jo-Jo's, or Grimaldis now.Ǿ
mixed reviews in our house. i was not a fan but my mother in law from new york loved it.Ǿ
This was a mind blowing pizza. It was always what I wanted in a pizza. Lots of toppings and a good crips crunchy crust. I recommend this pizza place. I just wish there was one on the east side of townǾ
I went with a large group on Super Bowl Sunday! It was nice because most of their business were take out orders and there was space to accommodate our large party. 

The family and employees were all busy, but stopped to give us a friendly greeting. We were told up front that because of the high take out orders for the super bowl the wait might be a little longer than usual. I appreciated that honesty and it worked well for our group as it gave us time to share drinks and chat. The wait also wasn't bad at all. Even with all of the business in the kitchen, I felt our orders all came out in a reasonable time.

We ordered the large pepperoni pizza, large vegetarian pizza, large amazing everything on it pizza, buffalo wings and bbq wings. ALL of the pizzas were amazing. The crust great and the toppings all left you feeling satisfied with every bite. As a meat lover, I was really surprised at how popular the vegetarian pizza was. It was the first tray to disappear! 

The cheesecake desserts were top notch!! The chocolate moose cheesecake and regular cheesecake was devoured, needless to say. 

I'd go again and get take out with me on the road if I was traveling. Perfect pairing with coffee!Ǿ
Don't bother, wings  and pizza bla, like Granda pizza, went there because we were told they had Monday night football, not,all TVs were offline had no sports on at all. We should of left then, prices suck too, suggest you skip this place!!!Ǿ
Brothers Pizza is the bomb! Everything I have ever ordered from here is outstanding. Their chicken parm is top notch. Do yourself a favor and eat here, you won't be disappointed.Ǿ
Our first time at a Brother's Pizza and our last. If you dine in, please don't expect good service or service at all. Pizza is extremely greasy, very disappointed.Ǿ
The problem with this place is that they are the only pizza place around and they know it. Food is fair to midland... salad was not the freshest... wings were alright... and the cheese from the pizza made it greasy. I just out that greasy pizza is caused by cheap cheese. But like I said around here it's them or nothing so suck it up buttercup.Ǿ
My rating is more for the staff employees than the food.    The Pizza, Antipasta, and Garlic Bread are wonderful.  For the food, I would say it's a great take out and even a dine in.  The place is casually decorated, kind of a sports theme, and pizza parlor.

The cashier helping the guests last night was wonderful, courteous, and very pleasant.  The rest of the staff looked like the grumpiest, family feuding, and couldn't smile if their life depended on it bunch.

In fact, there was one female working behind the counter wearing a white tshirt handling the salads and garlic bread, and she was the bitchiest worker there.  Everything she stated was a yell and a complain it seemed like.

They have a small bar, but my first impression was a little disappointed.  There was one patron there who made several failed attempts to joke with any worker passing by but all seemed to ignore him.

Again this is just my first impression...Ǿ
The best way to describes brothers pizza is "Meh"

Wings are decent, fairly priced and better tasting than other places. The pizza is alright, my only gripe is that the pizza is not diabetic friendly (and  puts me in to a sugar coma after eating it). The pasta is good but not the best. Personally its ok for what it is.Ǿ
Good quick pizza if you are starving, there is better pizza in the valley, but this place is a great sitdown place to eat. I eat here a lot, but I do believe that they could make better pizza if it was cooked with less grease smothered ingredients. Naked pizza that went out of business across the street was better tasting and healthier, so it is possible. These guys, nonetheless, do have a good cheap pizza for lunch. I reccomend it.Ǿ
Another check in.... tonight I got the chicken parm dinner.... Mmmmm! Mmmm!!

Nice pieces of white meat breaded cutlets, very generous serving... DELICIOUS!!

Customer service cannot be beat!!!Ǿ
We had a Bogo coupon from Entertainment Book and decided to try this place for the first time.  We knew what we wanted from looking at the menu online.  We went straight from work and arrived about 5:30 p.m.  Only one table had people at it, and they were already eating.  We went to the counter and ordered a small order of fried zucchini as an appetizer, eggplant Parmesan  and Chicken Parmesan.  The waitress brought out our drinks and said she would bring our food when ready.  Then the waiting for the zucchini began.  The waitress had a list of chores on a board in the back and was doing those and then checking them off.  Frying up some zucchini and serving it should take 5 minutes.  After 15 minutes, more people started showing up and ordering food.  After 20 minutes, I went up to the front counter and asked, "Is our zucchini ready?"  The man doing the cooking said, "It's coming with the salads and garlic bread."  All the while, he kept calling the name of the waitress, but she just kept on with her list of chores.  Finally, he got her attention and asked her to make the salads and garlic bread.  At 6 p.m., half an hour after we ordered an appetizer, she served us the salad and bread.  Where is the zucchini? my husband asked.  It is coming right now, she said, and she went and got it.  It was not hot to the touch.  It was still hot on the inside, but not piping hot.  The bread was warm.  Of course, while we were still eating the salad and zucchini, about five minutes later, the entrees were served.  Watch the plate, it's hot, the waitress said.  The fact that she did not have a pot holder in her hand should have been a clue.  The entrees were both cold.  So we got the entrees to go.  The entrees had obviously been sitting out, waiting for someone to drop the zucchini and splash some garlic butter on some bread.  Bad, bad service.  Only saving grace was flavor of the food, which was decent.  But we will never go back there.Ǿ
Love this place!!! The wings are amazing, the pizza is out if this world New York style big slices with lots of cheese! They have a wide selection of pastas salads and subs. Great for family outings a quiet night with friends or to bring a whole sports team. The brothers staff is friendly helpful and thoughtful. Has great beer prices and pizza wing combos. Would recommend to anyone!Ǿ
Pizza and the wings are great here. My daughter likes the spaghetti and meat balls too.Ǿ
We have ordered several times from Brothers.  Pizza is good and the 18" pizza feeds our family with some left over.  Great dinner before our boys play football at CCV.  Recommended for all.Ǿ
We get the pizza and wings all the time! The wings are delish: the hot wing sauce is yum! Can't go wrong here, had great service every time I called and ordered or got delivered.Ǿ
What a great pizzeria!  The pizza was flavorful and the wings were well coated and juicy.  The employees were friendly and knew the product - which is always helpful.  Today marked the first of what will be many visits.  Kudos to everyone that works there!Ǿ
My boyfriend and I come here whenever were craving pizza and wings. They seriously have the best wings I think. Whenever we dine in the service is always great!!Ǿ
We have been going to this Brother's family run business for the past 10 years. They are the best pizza in The Valley! Their food is excellent and our favorite Friday Night Pizza Place!Ǿ
We LOVE their wings and the wing sauce!!! As I mentioned on my first review, their wing sauce is amazing!!! I could drink it!! 

"Wings are wings" according to my husband who, like "Mikey" (remember that commercial??) will eat anything. But ... I ... KNOW the difference, and these are worthy of me taking the time to take pictures to share!! You will notice that I don't take many pictures... I took my time to take these pictures for a reason people!! These wings are outstanding!!! The wings are fresh and the meat is quality super white and meaty!!! They rate up there with some of the BEST wings I have had!!

We so enjoyed our meal tonight!! It was very relaxing and the employees/owners/family made us feel appreciated despite the fact that we used a coupon. Because we enjoyed our experience so much, we felt bad about using a coupon and we ordered sodas after having initially ordering water. 

We will be regulars for sure!! Look at the number of reviews that I have posted. I am not a "friend" of this business, but I will for sure be a customer often!!! By the way, the pizza is good too!!! Just look at the pictures!!!Ǿ
Love Brothers Pizza.  I love hot, greasy, thin pizza that I can fold up and coat in cheese, the way New York style should be.  It ins't gourmet, fancy pants "we make our own cheese handmade every day mumbo jumbo" but they don't say they are.  It is good, fast, affordable pizza, and a Medium is enough for a family.  We drive 15 miles to get pizza here to this day after moving from just down the street and will continue to do so for many more years.Ǿ
This is my favorite go to pizza place near my home. I usually stick to pep/mushroom but have tried everything from apps to wings. I'm a repeat customer and have enjoyed their pizza at least 1-2 times per month.Ǿ
These guys turn out consistently very good quality pizza and other food.  The only thing keeping it from five stars is sometimes the service is much slower than other times.  But because the quality is good and the price is right, we come back very regularly.

Their wings are basic hot wings, but they are good.  We've had several of the pasta dishes and they are all good, particularly the manicotti.  Unfortunately that dish is consistently slower to come out of the kitchen than everything else, which means my wife is usually getting it just as I'm finishing my food.Ǿ
We came in on a Thursday afternoon and we were starving for some good pizza.  We read the good reviews for Brothers and we thought this would be a great Groupon to buy.  The Groupon was for $20 worth of food at the 67th Ave location.  

The place was a little restaurant in a strip mall and the menu is New York style items.  There were not that many people eating, but the place did appear to be clean.  We went up to the counter and told the cashier we had a Groupon and he said we could use it on anything in the menu, including the lunch specials.  The lunch specials looked like a good deal, 2 slices of pizza with a drink for $5.  We ordered 2 of those, one cheese and one sausage.  The other special was 5 wings, slice of pizza and a drink $7.25.  We asked the cashier if we could get any pizza slice and he said "yes," but "just, not the buffalo chicken pizza.". We asked him if we could get boneless chicken instead of wings and he said "sure.". We ordered the Brother's pizza slice and parmesan garlic boneless wings.  The cashier put the hand written order in with the cook.  The cashier came back to ring up the order and he told me it would be $33.80.  I said " what!". The total should have been $25 before taxes and he said "well, it must be for the specialty pizza slice and the boneless wings.". I looked at him like he was joking, but he wasn't.  I did not want to make a big deal about it, since he already put the order in.  I asked him for a receipt and he said he can only give me a copy of my credit card charge...i guess they can up charge you for whatever they want, since there is no detailed receipt, even if they said things were included.

I waited to get the food before talking with the manager.  The manager happened to be the cook and I explained to him the cashier told us the things that we wanted were included in the lunch special.  He simply said we were charged correctly and there is nothing he can do.  Wow, I sure hope the lack of customer service isn't representative of how it is in New York.

The wings were extremely dry, but the boneless was even worse.  The cheese and sausage pizza slices were very greasy, but the Brother's slice was decent.  The pizza slices were very large.
  
This is one of the worst dinning experiences that I have ever had :(  The staff had the nerve to lie to my face and argue with me when I was talking with the manager.  In the end, the manager didn't care and couldn't even give me a breakdown of the extra charges.

You can try the other location for maybe better customer service, but for me, Pappa John's would have been a better deal.

Staying home on this Groupon!Ǿ
My family and I stopped in to get some wings. The guys there were very nice and professional.  You can tell that they're hardworking men. I love this place!Ǿ
Nick and his family own Brothers pizza and they've been there for 8 years.  It's a great restaurant that offers much more than pizza.  The friendly employees are great and while not all of them know me by name, when I call with our order, which is usually the same and give them my name, the all recognize me.  And they all recognize me when I walk in.  I'm not quite Norm from Cheers but it's a close second.

The pizza is great and the Sicilian is awesome.  We looked for a long time for a great pizza place and found it at brothers.  If you are looking to try something new, be sure to give them a try.  They are at the corner of 67th Ave and Happy Valley Road, just down the plaza from Frys and Subway.

You won't go away hungry.Ǿ
Great pizza and wings. The stuff is always friendly. Keep up the good work. The last pan pizza Hawaiian style we've got came out very thick and well done.Ǿ
I came in here today and I was stunned at how much it has changed. The food is always so amazing and the staff is always so welcoming and helpful. I do believe that in the restaurant industry there are two places that you need to excel in to be successful, and those areas are your product itself and costumer  service. Brothers pizza excels in both areas and I would recommend this place all around as great! I will be coming in a lot more often now that it is under new management and have completely 180'ed the service and quality.Ǿ
It usually happens like this: I'm driving, on my way home. I call husband and ask what he wants for dinner. After several minutes of indecisive bantering back and forth, he says "wings?" I say "sure, from where?" He says "Brothers?" I say "sure, call it in." Haven't had the pizza in quite a while, but it was alright. Obviously not fantastic, or I would remember that. And not disgusting, or I would remember that as well. They have a decent menu full of other Italian dishes and sandwiches. Not the best most awesome wings, but it's the closest and on my route home. Staff is friendly and the place is clean!Ǿ
After rushing my staging company to have a house ready for a quick listing, I felt compelled to take them to diner.  So we picked Brother's Pizza, it was close and everyone thought it would be a good idea.  Probably the most impressive part of the visit was the waitress.  She took the time to make sure everyone's needs were taken care of, including my 1 year old daughter who typically eats off of my plate got her own special noodles and butter.

Surprisingly, no one really wanted pizza, instead everyone opted for pasta and I made the worst choice of all.  I picked the baked ziti, which was rather bland and boring.  I did get to sample the other dishes at the table and found the baked Lasagna was probably the best (I sensed they used sausage for the meat instead of beef).  Followed by the Manicotti, then  Fettucini Alfredo.  Next time I return, I will have to try the pizza, since that is their specialty.Ǿ
I got on the internet and looked at the menu and called in the order. I informed Brother's that I had a $3 coupon also and would pick up the perpperoni pizza and sampler and they said it would be 20 minutes.  At the register I was charged $12.95 for the $8.95 sampler.  I told the cashier that the internet menu had it listed for $8.95.  She just smiled and said "Oh, we get that a lot but we don't have a menu."  I said, "but it's on the internet with your address/web page"  and she said, "yeh, I know we get that a lot but here's our menu"  and she handed me their copy-machine menu which did not even have the sampler listed.  I politely told her that they should take the menu off the internet if it's not right.  The sampler was 4 pieces each of wings, mushrooms, cheese sticks, zuchinni.  The sampler was just like frozen generic small pieces "out-of-the-freezer-bag" deep fried. 
 
 I live near and our family had hoped to make this our weekly outing for pizza; however, I'll go elsewhere for better food and prices.  I also don't like false advertising.  

A customer's frustration should be a business owner's learning opportunity to make their business better.  They can learn a lot from their customers.Ǿ
AMAZING! Stopped in the other day to find out the place is under new management and just WOW. I got the infamous large and 20 wings special at such a great price, not to mention the pizza and wings themselves were beyond great. The staff is so welcoming and friendly definitely gonna be our new hot spot!Ǿ
I love brothers! They have the best pizza and wings in town! Great costumer service and reasonable prices! Love their specials! If youre looking for good New York pizza style, must try them!Ǿ
Love this place.
The service is very friendly and familiar.
Food is great.
Very reasonably priced.Ǿ
Personally I think they are great, good pie, friendly staff, always cooked as it was ordered...Ǿ
We used to come here for the pizza & wings, but they recently expanded their menu and it sounded worth checking out. I have to say, it was quite the value! I had veal parmagean - I played it safe knowing I like the tomato sauce on their pizza. My dining partner had the chicken Francaise. Both meals came with a house salad, pasta, and garlic bread. For $11 & $12 each - there was plenty of food! The spaghetti was cooked al dente, and the meats were tender and tasty. 

The prize of this place is their cannoli (piped to order) and their cannoli calzone. Insanely delicious!!! Don't skip dessert. For any reason!

Only drawback was service was a bit patchy. Lots of takeout orders, and the one runner seemed overwhelmed. They could use a busser to handle drink refills and dirty dish pickup.Ǿ
I love brothers pizza! Everything is delicious and fresh, I love the people here they are so welcoming and funny.Ǿ
Food:
1) Spaghetti and meatballs were delicious. Pasta cooked very well. Meatballs plenty (even though cut in half to seem like more, there was still a good amount of meatball). Sauce also plentiful and delicious. Wish they gave some Parmesan cheese to top the pasta with. 5/5 stars on this item.
2) Wings. Sauce good. Got a tiny ranch dressing with 10 wings which was not bad, but it is a bit small.  They were overly fried on parts of each wing such that the meat was not soft, was tough, and hard to chew and eat.  Compared to other places, 2/5 stars on wings. But still on par with, say Native New Yorker.

Pricing:
1) Ordered online.  Walked in to pay an expected amount, about $17.  Ended up paying over $22 because they had "raised prices recently" and they did not even try to offer the online pricing that they had not gotten updated.  Not one iota of consideration to honor those prices. 0/5 stars on customer service/attempt to retain customers.

Returning?
No.  Price games, not honoring posted prices in real time on online ordering.  It's always so empty in here, are they raising prices to make up for lost profits?  Maybe going to close this location?  Raising prices is not a good way to bring in customers, especially with non expensive food like pizza, wings, pasta.Ǿ
This is THE BEST local restaurant. 

I eat there quite often and every single time I go there, I am impressed with what I get. 

My favorites are the special calzone with garlic butter and the chicken parm dinner....but you can't go wrong with anything you get. 

The food is very reasonably priced, the staff is friendly and attentive, the restaurant has a "local" feel about it, and the food is fresh and delicious. 

Brother's also does event catering and we had them cater our wedding and make some upscale food that is not on the menu. It was excellent, affordable, and easy. We felt it was a much better option than using a traditional, outrageously expensive catering company and we weren't disappointed. 

If you find yourself in this part of town, this is the place to eat.Ǿ
The food can be really good but it also seems to be very inconsistent. We've even had to send it back a couple times for being completely overdone. Same thing with the wings, sometimes they're incredibly small with very little meat. When it's good it's good but when it's bad it's terrible.Ǿ
I've eaten here a couple of times. Its decent. A good place to bring the family or kids from school and get some pizza and wings. A non chain which is preferable to a place like Buffalo Wild Wings. But recently the Maricopa county health inspector found pink slime on freezers door handles. So I'm not sure if I'll make it back.Ǿ
Big Fan of their wings!!!! Ordered some takeout with some pizza and wings and really enjoyed it. Their hot wings are top notch and the pizza was pretty good too. The only thing about the pizza for me was just the sauce. It was not bad, but was for sure something different and it kind of threw me off. Still not bad though...

They told me it would be 15-20 minutes and it was. I hate when places say its 15 -20 minutes, then you get there and its not ready. Even worse is when they say its 15-20 minutes and when you pick it up, you can tell it has been sitting a while.

They were spot on with there time, and killed it with their wings. As for the sauce, I am sure it will grow on me or I will learn to appreaciate it more because I am going back.Ǿ
Great staff and environment.
Food is great.
Very good value.
Love Brothers on game night!Ǿ
Amazing pizza - fast delivery - don't ask for dipping sauce

I don't know if they're offended if you ask for ranch, but twice now I specified the amount I wanted (pizza and ranch is like peanut butter and jelly to me). The last time they delivered they said they'd turn around and give us the rest we asked for and then never came. Once again this time they didn't deliver on what I requested. I called back to let them know and they said sorry, they couldn't hear me (shouldn't mean that they just skip it) and I did repeat the amount several times. After the fact I was in mid conversation explaining what happened when they hung up on me. I called back immediately and the kid who answered transferred me to someone else. I very much got the idea that I was bothering and annoying them by requesting what I had ordered so I said never mind. Unlikely I'll order again though I will miss the pizza.

If all you're looking for is pizza then this is the place. Otherwise it doesn't seem like they have time for you.Ǿ
Fast, clean , excellent customer service,  great pizza and affordable.  We visited the Avondale location