The employees are not at all thrilled to help you and the food is sub par.  There are only TWO choices of theSAME type of noodles, spaghetti or gluten free spaghetti.  I hate spaghetti and think there should be several pasta choices.  The italian "wrap" is on a flour tortilla?!?!? Uhm that is the strangest food pairing on earth - tortilla, spaghetti, meatballs, lettuce, sauce?!?!  No thank you.  The salads are small,  you are better off just going to Heinen's across the street and getting their amazing and cheap salad bar.  I will never visit gusti again, it is sub par and not worth the money.Ǿ
I found the staff to be friendly and helpful. The place was attractive and very clean. The ingredients on the food line look fresh and appetizing. The prices where ok but no great bargain. The portions for me where small. The food taste good, slightly above average, with good quality ingredients . For Gusti being  an Italian concept, the pasta was way over cooked sitting on the hot line for who knows how long. Like the reviewer before said,  almost a identical copy of the concept in Columbus called Piada, the new Qdoba, Chipotle of Italian fast casual food wars coming to Cleveland soon. Everyone has different taste and preferences and I say Gusti is defiantly  worth giving a try.Ǿ
Looks like it's done already.  I have some gift certificates I wanted to use Sunday 12/16, but there was a hand-printed "CLOSED" sign taped to door and no answer on the phone.  Website is down now, too.Ǿ
During a recent visit to Beachcliff, I had planned to try Gusti for dinner. During my shopping trip they were handing out $5 gift cards for Gusti, much to my delight. However, I was quite disappointed with the experience. The interior provides a casual atmosphere and the staff was nice. I got one of the wraps that is said to be in a "tuscan flat bread" on their menu, but when I got it it was in a large tortilla shell. They mix the contents of your wrap in a steel mixing bowl - which is a waste of supplies/utensils in my opinion. The flavor was there for the meat/veggies/sauce/cheese I got, but it being in a tortilla shell it was not good. I may give it another try but was just not impressed.

Edit 4/15: This place has been closed for some time now. Just was at Beachcliff this past weekend and noticed an 'Opening Soon' sign for a new Mexican food place. Can't remember the name so I'm not positive if it's a chain or what. Glad to see the space getting used!Ǿ
I was not sure what was this place supposed to be and gave my opinion some rest waiting for  the overwhelming feeling of satiety and guilt of overeating to settle down.
Place is an okay, fast-food Italian chain and it does to you whatever any mediocre chain is expected to do :slams unbelievable amount of somewhat doubtful food down your esophagus  and buys itself some more unmotivated help and generic sauces on your $10.  And life goes on.Ǿ
I totally get the idea of Italian Chipotle.  Good fun at a good price.  I'm not sure why they have a flour tortilla, I would probably go with a tomato and basil tortilla, or pesto tortilla, something more Italian...  Salads are good and you can load them up with your choice of their wide variety of toppings.  Will definitely return for another taste.Ǿ
Don't get me wrong the food is good and the price is right. 

When I walked in, I immediately recognized this place as a restaurant that has been popping up all over the Columbus area, Piada. Gusti is a slightly lower quality, nearly identical replica of Piada which made the visit a bit disappointing.Ǿ
Yelp asked me "Did you mean Gushi?" when I did the search on this place before writing my review. They may have been onto something as the pasta was pretty soft.

Anyway, I had been hearing about this "fake Piada" that opened in Lakewood a few weeks ago and thought I would give it a try.

For starters, this place is indeed almost certainly "inspired" by the chain of Piada restaurants that exist in the Columbus area. In fact, they have even chosen the same color scheme. Original. The place has nice enough decor/layout but falls short in some areas. For one, I thought the pine paneling on the walls looked like it should be in a Ponderosa Steakhouse. Also, the menu options aren't spelled out as clearly as they are in other fast casual places like Piada or Chipotle.

The pasta was alright. That said, you can't really screw up pasta (as I said, it was soft but that may be the preference for some). If I'm ordering pasta it better be really good. I didn't try their wraps. I don't think pasta was meant to be in a wrap anyway. The ingredients were hot and warm though nothing special. 

The staff wasn't unfriendly but also wasn't as engaged and as helpful as you would expect them to be when opening a new restaurant. 

One difference between Gusti and Piada is that the former offers tiramisu as a desert option while the later offers cannoli. Personally I prefer tiramisu and was excited to try it out. My tiramisu was frozen and nothing special.

As I was leaving "Baby Come Back" by Player was on in the background. Gusti was a one night stand sort of thing for me. I won't be coming back.