I've been to Pan Asian, one of the few Chinese/Japanese/Thai(?) places nearby.  I was looking to see how this place compared.  So, a couple quick pluses noted right away: it was smaller and more intimate, and while there were a few TVs mounted on the walls, I didn't hear them.  I could hear Asian music.  That was good--I was in a mood for quiet.

But as I waited this Sunday night to be seated, several minutes went by and no one greeted me.  And they weren't that crowded.  Finally a young man came over to seat me.  He didn't smile, barely made eye contact, and seemed more interested in watching the TV than in seating me.  And it wasn't like it was the World Series on!

So I'm seated at a quiet booth and get dinner and drink menus.  The waitress comes shortly to take my drink order.  Very nice.  No beer on tap though--only bottles.

I head to the restroom and get assailed by a smell that smells like it was backed up to a sewer pipe. And all they have is a little air freshener device.  I don't think it's going to do it, folks.

I go back and select everything off the Japanese menu.  I order miso soup.  There a wide variety of traditional sushi rolls and some "nouveau" stuff, like the cream cheese in rolls and so forth.  I ordered a few different rolls.

The miso soup was good, with plenty of big pieces of nori.  The various rolls were well-wrapped.  Tasty, nothing particularly artistic about them.  The most interesting was one with mango on top with some sauce, that was very colorful and flavorful.

The server came around a couple times to see how things were.

So--Pan Asian may be a bit more noisy and big, but it's classier and seems cleaner and the waitstaff are more pleasant.  Seeing as they're both near each other, I'd go back there, not here笑
I called for delivery, I ordered the walnut shrimp, pad thai, fried tofu, and crab rangoons. It came within 40 minutes and the delivery man was very kind and friendly. The food was great, and there was a lot of it. The crab rangoons were not skimpy, there was a lot of filling, which I haven't found very typical. I'm glad to have found Chinese delivery in my area.笑
Great food, service was excellent. It did take a bit longer than expected for our food to arrive, but overall this is a great place for great Chinese food笑
I was not impressed. It was okay but it wasn't a bad experience. The honey chicken was delicious but the sushi was average. Nothing special there. They do have boba tea which is nice to have. The location is okay and in a good shopping area. Busy though. The food was okay and decent priced.笑
the food was horrible and one of our dishes was cold and the service was unbelievably atrocious. the waitress kept rushing us and would come to the table every two sec and once we had our food and were done we sat there for what seemed to be hours for our bill. they did not check on use to see how the food was and to be honest i would never go back. the WORST the of all was i left a $2 tip which she should have been happy with as we were leaving she DEMANDED a bigger tip that is wrong on so many levels DONT EAT HERE!!!!笑
I love this place. It's clean, nice, and the food is great. They have happy hour and are inexpensive when it's not happy hour. My favorite is the crispy honey chicken and their egg rolls. Their sushi is yummy too. They have decently priced drinks with quick and attentive service. My only complaint is that when they are super busy there is one server in particular that seems  unfriendly. We frequent this place at least once a month. I would recommend this place to people who are looking for a place that is inexpensive, casual yet nicer than your typical family restaurant, and tasty with a good variety.笑
It wasn't my first time visiting this restruant and I never have any issues with the food. But lately the service is not even worthy of a tip. What really annoyed me was the other night when not only did they bring our food late and warm, (seemed like it has been sitting for a while) and my boyfriend and I were half way out he door the waitress stopped us and asked him for a $5 tip on a $17 meal. Is it just me or ??? I don't know man. It really annoyed me.笑
This fusion restaurant is a must visit. Hey, there's actual Asians working in that kitchen! Strange! The service used to be fairly robotic, but they have dialed it in over the years. This is the only restaurant that we have ever frequented that we actually ordered more food when we were full just so we could have leftovers. Their hot and sour soup is the best in the universe. The residual heat from it has staying power. The squid salad is so good that it makes me want to cry. I wish that I had a refrigerator full of their egg rolls. I could eat those every day of the week. The honey chicken is my friend. I still think that it is bizarre that there are Egyptian hieroglyphics decorating the walls but I hope that never changes!笑
Always the same, good food and good service.  Nice to be able To count on repeats being the same.笑
Have been a long time customer. Love the big portions great customer service. This is my teenage daughters go to place for her bday dinner :) definitely recommend笑
I haven't had any good Chinese food in a while!! Thank Baby Jesus we found this place. Definitely going back! It's close to my work and the lunch specials are awesome $5.95 for an entree, rice and vegetable roll. The staff was nice and our food came out super fast. We also had their Vegas rolls which were delicious.笑
I've been to Sun Asian before, but that was pre-Yelp. So I was excited to go home and share this experience with all my Yelp friends. 

We get to the restaurant just after 11am - it's dead, if the TVs weren't on I could have heard chirping. We got seated, the hostes was very nice and took our order right away. Not even 2 minutes had passed when she brought out our meal...wow, what service. I orderd the Orange Chicken and enjoyed the texture and taste. The chicken meat was tender and the batter was crisp. 

Enjoyed my meal and would come again!笑
Their sushi is great, highly recommend the summer roll and caterpillar roll. The rest of the menu is average phoenix area Chinese food (meat covered in sweet gelatinous goop)笑
This my favorite restaurant. Great atmosphere, great service and food is great. Happy HOUR is the best. I have alot of favorites here to include, seafood vegetable, soup house noodle soup, hunan chicken, it is all good. If you haven't been here, you are losing out.笑
Lunch Menu is awesome! Happy hour specials are cheap! I'm here probably once every two weeks. I love sushi.笑
I've been here several times, and it's always been a solid experience but not phenomenal.  We've only had the sushi and appetizers which have always been good.  As a vegetarian, there aren't tons of sushi options on the menu, but they've always been pretty good.笑
Still my favorite Chinese restaurant, especially since they put up with all my picky requests :D  If I could give them more stars I would, but I can't, so I'll settle for giving them more money.笑
Went in for a late night dinner on a Wednesday.  Happy Hour runs 9pm to close.  Great prices on beer and drinks as well as several appetizers and sushi rolls.  We ordered egg rolls, shrimp tempura, egg drop soup, a philly roll & the Kung Pao Shrimp.  Everything was delicious!   There were plenty of large shrimp in my entree.  The fried rice was very good too.  The sushi roll was on the small side for $8.25.  Everything was tasty and we had leftovers.笑
This place rocks still! Milk Tea Boba is the Highlight of my trip there and there wonton soup! mmmmmm!笑
WORST SERVICE EVER! Waited over 45 minutes for a drink!  Several delays in food/drink throughout the 2 1/2 hour visit. When I approached the waitress she was VERY rude and said, "You want me to apologize for not serving you?" Well, yes, as service provider, you should apologize for the lack of service.  We asked 3 times for our check, which took over 30 minutes to get.  It had the drinks on it that we never got.  We asked to talk to the manager 3 times and never had a response.  When I walked up to the bar to talk to the manager, she was also not apologetic and said they were just busy.  They were not that busy and even if they were, they still could apologize for the lack of service.  No apology from anyone, in fact, got attitude from all servers and manager.  So much, that when they brought my card and receipt back to me, the waitress literally threw my card and receipt at me!!!!! Can you believe that? She obviously has never had waitress/customer service etiquette 101. So completely rude of all staff members. Walked out so frustrated because I never got an apology for being at the restaurant for over 2 1/2 hours for a simple meal. Ridiculous. Will not go back.笑
The food is a little pricey, but not to bad. I have been twice to this place and the have really good food, clean and airy with pretty good service. I will continue to go back. I have never been for dinner so I gate rate the service or vibe at dinner time.笑
Lunch time specials are really great and affordable. The food arrived fast and the presentation was clean and appealing.

The sushi is great!! While I order the orange chicken and it was delicious, it was hard not to be jealous of my co-worker eating the yummy sushi!! Fresh, flavors on point and nice portions.

Try this out for lunch and you wont be disappointed!笑
I really love this place. It's right down the street from my house and I've been coming here for about 4 years. The staff recognizes my family and they are always super, super nice and attentive. The happy hour menu is great, and happy hour runs 3-7 and after 9pm.笑
Went here with my co-workers last week. They are huge fans, but I think it's mediocre. Thankfully, the service was amazing, which makes up for the lackluster food. I had the lemon chicken with brown rice along with a cup of egg drop soup. For me, it was lacking flavor, yet my co-workers think that the food there is amazing. But then again, I am Asian and grew up with family recipes and my co-workers are from the Midwest originally and this is what they think is traditional and authentic Asian food. But none the less, the service is awesome. :)笑
Called for lunch take-out, ready in 10-15...
I ordered the volcano beef lunch combo and a mango slushee with boba.
The combo comes with a chicken eggroll and fried or steamed rice. The 3 compartment to-go container had the entrée in the largest section, a large scoop of rice and the chicken eggroll in the other 2. The eggroll was not all cabbage, the beef and vegetables were quality and had good flavor. Slushee came in 20 oz. cup. Total bill...8.32----holla!!
I will be back, believe dat:-)笑
Best Chinese food in Phoenix! I love Chinese food, and I've tried numerous Chinese food restaurants across the valley comparing various dishes. Sun Asian Kitchen is clearly the best. My favorite is the beef egg foo young. The place looks great too. Very friendly staff. I come here as often as I can.笑
This place had HORRIBLE customer service. I had ordered a regular Pepsi and they put lettuce into my Pepsi. For sure won't go here again. Save your money.笑
I love this place! I come here all the time with my family, and the service is awesome! Chicken chow fun is my favorite dish! Definitely recommend this place!笑
Sun Asian has won me over! The happy hour runs from 3-7pm and is a smoking good deal. $1 eggrolls, sushi and sashimi, and all other sorts of items all under $5. I love the fired tofu, the beef skewers, the spring rolls and the crab puffs. 

They have Kirin Light and sake and wait staff is incredibly friendly. If I lived in the area I would find myself here more often.笑
There are very few places in this area that deliver. Sun Asian kitchen claims that you can send in an e-mail order for delivery. I did so tonight at 5pm. At 6pm I decided to call and see why the order was held up. They said they don't check e-mail often and that it would be another 20 minutes. An hour later, they called and asked if I still wanted my food. At 7:30 (2.5 hours after I placed my order), the food finally got here. I called and talked to the woman, and she fought with me on the phone and blamed the situation on me for saying after 2 hours that I still wanted my food. Go down the street to PanAsia. Better service, better food.笑
First time here for lunch with a friend.  I got the pad Thai on the lunch special.   VERY TASTY!!!  Good portions, fast and good service.   My friend got the chicken and snow peas on the lunch menu as well.  It needed some kick and the chili sauce did the trick.
I will definitely be back!笑
I love this place. Their food never disappoints and the portions are pretty generous. They also have good Happy Hour and the service is fast and friendly staff. This place is a 'hidden treasure'.笑
This place is awesome! I tried the Kung Pao and Hot Plate Beef. The serving is just any regular chinese restaurant which is BIG. This has the best Kung Pao I've ever tried. Plus, they have boba!!! I had the Thai Iced Tea with boba. Definitely going back to try more dishes!笑
Whoever took my phone my phone order was incredible. Seems petty but quality customer service is already tough to find, to get it over the phone is just a sigh of relief. The food is great! Got the family package to make it easy for a big birthday dinner. Definitely the best Chinese food in Phoenix!笑
The absolute worst service I have ever had.  Over a 40 minute wait for our server to come to our table.  When we expressed displeasure in the service our server was extremely rude.  She told us that she was busy and giving all of her tables poor service.   Bad food and bad service. Stay away!!笑
Came here during lunch and it was busy. It did not take long to get seated, but before, my party and I looked at the menus. I ordered the lunch special plate with orange chicken and fried rice. The orange chicken had a very good flavor and the fried rice was terrific! The egg rolls was very fresh! I was impressed with the food here and will certainly recommend this Chinese restaurant to anyone!笑
We were sat right away but they didn't acknowledge us for 33 plus minutes. We have eaten here before they have great food but 30 plus minutes is NOT EXCEPTIBAL . DO NOT EVEN GIVE THEM A CHANCE RUN FAR FAR AWAY.笑
Great happy hour prices with a good size happy hour menu. The food is average, but on the cheaper side as well. If you want good sushi on a budget, this is your place. Avocado boats and Philly rolls are my favorite here. They do have most of your typical Asian cuisine as well. Ambiance is nice, casual dining, good for groups, kid friendly.笑
A friend told us about this place a year ago when we moved into the area from Mesa. Today we finally got around to trying it. After trying a little takeout place in the area I was scared to try any other Asian food near here. This whole year I have been making excuses to go back into Mesa/Tempe for my old favorites, Ninja and Pong Pongs.

I liked the interior. The patio was very well decorated but it was still just a tad too warm to sit outside. Really liked the plates and salt shakers too. Anyways, I was there for food,and the place was clean and visually pleasing. More than good enough for me.

I can't complain about the service. We were seated right away. The waitress was pleasant and stopped to take our order 3 times before we could decide what we wanted. Our glasses were always full and I didn't feel like we waited too long for anything at any point.

The crab rangoon was great. I wanted to try some soup but actually forgot to order any... 
I normally judge a new place by ordering my favorite, Kung Pao Chicken. This time I was in the mood for something sweet and ordered the Sweet & Sour Chicken. I have to say, it was great. The chicken was tender and not chewy. The batter was crispy and the sauce was perfect (for my tastes).

My lunch companion had the Shrimp Egg Foo Yung and I managed to steal a taste. I've never had Egg Foo Yung before and it was great. I'm going to have to get it for myself on a future trip. I'm a very texture-based eater and I love water chestnuts (crunchy and moist) and mushrooms and the Egg Foo Yung had plenty of both.

Overall, Sun Asian Kitchen was an extremely pleasant surprise. I am so happy to have found such a good place with good food in this area. I cannot wait to go again and try something else from the menu.笑
I come here 1-2 times a week if not more! I love their Wonton Soup and their Mocha Boba Drinks! The staff is super nice and they always get my order out as fast as possible! Im always satisfied!笑
Decent Chinese food rained upon by poor, awkward service. I've been coming here on occasion over the last three years, but I don't eat-in anymore.

I used to dine in really often because it's close by, but I got tired of all the waiting. Each time I went I ended up waiting too long for my food, my drink, the check, etc. Not only that, the employees don't socialize too well with customers. It's hard to discern if they're rude or just don't grasp how badly they're interacting with people, as though smiling might make their face crack. It's a little creepy.

The last time I was there I was waiting 17 minutes for the bill when I had elsewhere to be, so I decided not to dine in anymore as a result. That and the Egg Foo Yung that they make is pretty much an omelet as opposed to a  patty. It was a doubly disappointing experience that night.

Meanwhile, as a Take-Out restaurant they are pretty good. The food is vastly better at Golden Phoenix, but the physical plant of Sun-Asian is pretty nice itself. Actually, it's gorgeous and it has great outdoor seating as well. Not exactly comfortable seating, but aesthetically pleasing.

The sushi is passable and it feels awkwardly forced on the establishment as though it was a measure taken to compete with the nearby Pan-Asia. Their small portions, high prices and poor quantities ensure I'll have my raw fish elsewhere. It has all the practicality of a cat with a calculator; it doesn't add up.  Heh.

They tend to be good with chicken dishes, but aside from an outstanding physical plant with typically poor service they have little else aside from great eggrolls to offer to 

Eat in at your own peril and have nothing else planned for your day because they aren't in a hurry to get you the bill. Be safe, do take-out instead.笑
Haven't eaten here but they have boba and that's all I need right now.  smells pretty good in here.  But nothing like a good old fashioned milk tea with boba and I'm good.笑
Absolutely wonderful. The prices were very reasonable, food delicious, and the service was quick and courteous. My only compliant is that they only have one location! I highly recommend this place.笑
Have eaten here a few times in the past two years. Service has been good- staff does not "hover" but are attentive to needs. Food is decent (not delightful, but good). Prices are fair for quality of food (and i say that as a frugal individual ie- tightwad)
 Two notations:  1. Servings are very large, so you can count on leftovers.  2. When we have dined in,  it has always been "off" hours, not lunch or dinner rush...  service may be differet when they are very busy.笑
We're all clear that wanting to like something is not the same as liking it, right?  Well, I want to love this place.  It's the closest non-take out Chinese food place to my house so I was completely ready to make this "My Chinese Restaurant".  Unfortunately it doesn't quite live up to the hype.  

It is all good.  It's fine.  Some parts better than others.  Entrees are in the $8 range for chicken/beef dishes, in the $16 range for seafood and they offer a few specialty dishes up to the early $20's.  They have a decent section of vegetarian things as well, but less than you might expect at a Chinese restaurant.  There was more "sweet" in the sesame chicken than in the Orange chicken - and they looked far too much like the same thing.  

The interior is kinda cool with funky lamps, window hangings and lots of bamboo.  For a spot that size the bar, where you can also sit and eat, is a bit too big for me - but just because those 2 big screen tv's are pointing out to the rest of the restaurant so we can't help but be reminded it's there.

The service?  Not so bueno.  I've been there 3 times and once it was good, but not great.  The other times have been pretty off each time.  

I read a great review about the place by a professional reviewer claiming that it was similar to San Francisco Chinese food fare.  I'm guessing he's wrong, but I wanted to put it out here for other folks to see. http://www.somonews.com/article.cfm?articleID=242  I'd love to hear what you Bay area transplants have to say...笑
I have been there twice for lunch. Both times the food was very good. I had Mongolian Beef and Cashew Chicken.  Both times I felt like we were being rushed. I can see if it's really busy and people are waiting, but in both instances that was not the case.  Sometimes I like to enjoy a leisurely lunch with friends. I don't like to feel I'm being pushed out the door.笑
Little disappointed I was told they didn't have any sushi so I asked, "Why?" They said, "oh I think the sushi guy is on vacation and the other guy has a day off." I told them I would go back there and make it myself jokingly, so I settled for Chinese and got chicken lo mein. Overall, staff is always friendly and great happy hour when they have sushi.笑
LOVE this place.. the food is always good and the happy hour prices make it very affordable to get sushi and the appetizers only and leave happy with the final bill! The Miso soup is WONDERFUL and the sushi is actually very good with a good selection as well!   I was not happy one time with an item and they were quick to fix it and took it off my bill too!   I could eat here every night but we live too far away!!笑
**I only eat he veggie egg rolls from here** they are the best veggie eggs rolls I've eaten at a restaurant so far. *I have never eaten at the restaurant, only take out. So I can't give 5 star rating. I have heard good things about other items but never wanted to try them. The cashier staff has always been friendly to me. Only over the phone and orders are ready in 10-15 minutes. No negative comments from me.笑
I was in the mood for some Sushi so checked out this restaurant on a Thursday evening. It wasn't too busy but not too quiet either. We were sat right away by a window and ordered the following: Age Tofu (delicious), Crab Rangoon had no crab (literally just cream cheese), Pad Thai (it was a good entree but not really pad thai due to no flavors of peanut dressing, lime, or fish sauce. It also contained peppers and onions but no bean sprouts. I ordered the Las Vegas roll which was excellent btw and although I didn't plan on ordering desert it would've been nice to have been asked. I guess our waitress wanted us out asap even though it wasn't close to closing time yet. I could tell she was in a hurry when she brought the check over along with a to-go box we'd asked for and the fortune cookies. She proceeded to hang out really close and asked twice if we were ready. So, if you want to chat after your meal I guess hurry up and pay first! LOL Overall the food was OK to great depending on what you order and the service was just OK. We'll come back because they had good sushi and there is nothing closer to us for sushi, otherwise we'd probably skip Sun Asian in the future.笑
Never had a bad lunch here and they're almost as far as fast food.  The hot mustard is killer like it should be and the help speaks Chinese which is an added plus.  Great authentic food, egg drop soup is excellent too笑
Food portions were large and hot. I ordered pick up and they gave me a reasonable time for my food to be ready. The price for four items, came out to be a little more than $35. But in the south mountain area there aren't many other Chinese restaurants better.笑
I have been here a few times and I enjoy Sun Asian Kitchen.

The staff here is very friendly and attentive.  The last time we came I had the orange chicken which was crispy and very tasty.  My girlfriend had the beef lo main which was also very good.  I have come here in the past for various lunches and have always had a good experience.

I recommend stopping in if you are in the area.笑
An extremely pleasant surprise. Very good food, great service, and fair prices.

I'm not sure if they are/were affiliated with the Pan-Asian Restaurant that was formerly in business close-by? Although Pan-Asian was better, I think Sun-Asian holds their own against them quite well.

Take out is fast, easy, and always correct - making this a worthwhile place to grab food if you're in a hurry.笑
Delicious Asian food but was not impressed by the sushi. The sushi was warm rather than cold like I like it. We've gone here twice waiters work their booties off and give great service. A great place to go as a group the family meal had excellent value.笑
Ok, I rarely give establishments one star, especially not when I initially gave the place three stars or above. I will have to make an exception for Sun Asian Kitchen. The first time my husband and I went there (the experience I based my first review on), the food definitely wasn't outstanding or authentic, but it was decent. The fact that it was the only non-hole-in-the-wall Asian place in South Phoenix also made me settle on a solid three stars. 

Last night, on my way back from Tucson, my husband called in an order and I went to pick it up. We got the crab wontons, chicken chow fun, and Mongolian beef. When I got home with the food (after waiting 10 extra minutes for the food to be ready), we sat down to eat, ready for some standard but satisfying Chinese. 

Well, we were in for a big disappointment. The food was awful, literally disgusting. To start with, the chicken in the chow fun was literally formed and the farthest thing from breast you can get - my husband said it reminded him of the way the chicken meat in McNuggets used to be before they upgraded to all white meat. I figure if McDonalds can make the switch, so can this place. I picked out all the chicken, hoping that the chow fun would at least be decent, but it was super-oily, so much so it was almost inedible. The crab wontons had literally two flecks of artificial crab in them and were basically stuffed with straight cream cheese. Not good. The beef was also terrible quality, the only saving grace of the dish being the flavorful sauce and scallions. We both felt really sick after the little we did eat and wished that we had taken our $25 and gone to Panda Express instead. Yeah, it was that bad. 

The biggest irony of all is that the restaurant actually claims that they use top-quality meat. On their website, they state that they only use  "top quality meat, seafood  and  the  freshest  garden vegetables to cook your food  to ensure  an authentic and memorable eating experience." Yeah. Right. I know there's a recession going on, but serving meat worse than McDonald's is inexcusable and will certainly keep us from spending our valuable food dollars there. A place called Pan Asia (advertises itself is having sushi and Chinese fusion) is about to open up across the street (24th and Baseline) in the center; it will be exciting to have another Asian restaurant in South Phoenix to choose from, and I hope that the competition will force Sun Asian Kitchen to live up to their own promise to use only the highest-quality ingredients.笑
Food is typical greasy American "Chinese" food. Sushi is horrible, I ordered a Alaskan roll and when it was brought to me I had to ask what roll I got thinking they gave 
me the wrong one. I sent it back after they confirmed it was what I ordered. The manager tried to harass me into getting something else or I would still have to pay for the sushi I didn't eat. Then to make things worse my waiter asked me if I needed change when I gave him a $20 for a $8 bill and when he does give me change he gives me 2 $5. Really?!!

Will never make the mistake of coming here again.笑
Living in South Phoenix this is one of your best options for delivery. Either that or pizza. They have great options of Americanized Chinese cuisine (which most people around here are looking for) and some sushi options as well. Happy hour is off the hook! You can't beat a $6.50 scorpion bowl anywhere.笑
Sun Asian Kitchen is a great restaurant. The place is always clean, the staff is super friendly and attentive, the food is damn good and happy hour is 3-7pm every day with some great specials for sushi, appetizers and drinks. I am a regular here and I can't praise them enough. I have never had a bad experience here. If this is your first time, I'd recommend their spicy tuna rolls... delicious! ^_^笑
Okay okay... let me be real with ya'll. I DID read the SoMo review back in the day when it first came out. Now, I had my Bay Area hopes & dreams and yeah - was a little disappoitned. But for real. It's a nice place. I hate it when reviews hype a place up only to be disappoitned because it wasn't cracked up to what it was supposed to be even though what it was - was actually really nice. 

With that said. This is by FAR the nicest chinese resturant in this area! For real... show me a place that is more authentic AND more clean AND has better service THAT is in the South Mountain area. If you can... I'll give u $20! 

If you do decide to go, you MUST try the Won Ton Soup! I love everything, the single shrimp that's always perfectly cooked with the aromatic broth with the stuffed won tons. It's my version of heaven. I always go here for the soup. 

Some other favorite dishes are the Hunan chicken which has the right amount of spice and the baby corn is to die for! If you're not too adventerous then the Sweet & Sour is also good as is the Beef & Broccoli. I TOTALLY dig the Mongolian Beef which was suggested to me by a very friendly server. 

I am so inlove with the decor and the teal plates and matching salt & pepper shakers and soy sauce pourer and platters. But as a big girl, I must admit... the chairs could be a lil more sterdier. I'm always scared that this is going to be the time I finally brake a chair! The menus are hard to read because of the frosty page covers. I always press the hazy plastic page protectors firmly over the paper and that usually makes it easier to read. 

But all in all, it's a very nice place. I have taken quite a few of my friends there and have become somewhat of a regular. I have yet to finish a cup of water and soda because the servers are so attentative that they bring a fresh cup before my first one was even gone! The servers have always been willing to take special orders for me and are always willing to chime in on what they think the best dish is (when asked). I really love this place! :)笑
This was a spot that I ran into by mistake. Literally!

A co-worker and I were out looking for a great place to eat. We stumbled on this restaurant surprised on all that they have to offer. The moment you walk in your greeted and seated. The theme is Asian with smaller size tables and chairs. Plenty of room for large parties or dining for two. Patio seating outside with plenty of room. There are tons of servers and staff on deck so your drinks/order comes quick. I am now a frequent diner from the great first experience I had. I have only eaten the chicken dishes along with rice and/or the lo Mein noodles. My dining partners have tasted the fish which I am told was great. I have only been here during lunch. They offer some reasonable and filling lunch specials. Defiantly a place I would recommend.笑
Went there for lunch today and service was bad - ordered soup and never got it - owner acted like she did me a favor taking it off my bill - wow! Also never got water and waitress was no where to be found. Food was alright but not a big portion.笑
we ate here for dinner.  there were 3 adults.

i had the cashew chicken, my wife ordered the chicken with mixed vegetables and my brother ordered sushi rolls ( i don't eat sushi so i don't know exactly what rolls were ordered).  the food was just okay.  it was not bad or great.  we felt okay about it because the prices were reasonable.

the service was great.  the service met all our needs and even tried to tend to our 2 year old son.  that was kinda cool.

this place is not a favorite but we don't mind going back for something average, quick, and with great service.笑
My review is soley based on the food, I have only had takeout here I've never dined in. I like Sun Asian, its good for a quick meal for pick up and a better alternative to Panda Express. I really like the honey chicken and the orange chicken, and it comes in a combo which is great.  The crab wontons are my favorite to order, full of cream cheese.  The sushi rolls are good also.笑
The food is very good and the prices off the lunch menu are quite cheap.  The portion size is about right for lunch and I was able to get an entree with rice and an egg roll and a drink for about $10 including tip.笑
Love this place amazing fresh food. Always friendly fast service. I have been coming here for years.笑
Fresh. Quick. Nice Patio. I'll return and try more dishes.笑
We're not in New York or San Francisco, two cities where I've lived, so the chinese food isn't going to be spectacular.  However, when you need your chinese fix, or don't feel like making dinner, Sun Asian has quality chinese food at a decent price.  Plus, they deliver now!笑
The food is amazing and staff is great! One of my favorite restaurants by far! Food is reasonably priced and they have a wide selection of appetizers, entrees, sushi, soups, and deserts. I have dinned in, ordered take out, and have had several home deliveries. Sun Asian Kitchen has never disappointed me and has always lived up to my expectations!笑
Prices are great especially lunch time, staff always makes me feel welcome. Food delicious Hunan chicken and lo mein is my favorite. Sushi is also yummy.  :)笑
I work down the street so this is my go-to place for Chinese food during lunch. I often call the order in at 10:50am and it's done and ready for pickup by 11:05. Their lunch menu is cheap and they have so many options and flavors are on point! I always get the lemon chicken with fried rice lunch combo, which comes with a veggie egg roll. The portion size is very generous, and I always pick it up piping hot and fresh. Some Chinese restaurants will make lemon chicken with overly breaded chicken, but this place uses real chunks of chicken and is lightly breaded, so when you take a bite, you see a big piece of chicken and not all fried breading. The lemon sauce is perfectly sweet, tangy, sour, just the way it should be. The fried rice is good and not too greasy. The veggie egg roll is a nice size and comes with sweet and sour sauce which is always good! For less than $7 bucks, this place is definitely a winner!笑
We are regular's at this place and always enjoy the orange chicken and their amazing crispy honey chicken.  The food is always fresh and the staff are friendly.  Highly recommend!!笑
I ordered online and it was ready in 5 minutes. I ordered the spicy tuna handroll and the california handroll. Both were delicious!!笑
Nice little find

I  discovered Sun Asian Kitchen when I was searching for a Chinese restaurant in an unfamiliar area .  I thought to myself,  who would know of a good place to grab a quick bite to eat, the answer was simple, my fellow "yelpers" and my fellow "yelpers" were right Sun Asian Kitchen was a nice little find.

From the time we entered the restaurant and received a warm welcome to the "Please come again" as we left out experience was very pleasant. The menu offers a wide choice of dishes wuch includes lunch and dinner specials.  All the food is fresh and excellent tasting, and the portions are large, I mean really large.  You get a great deal for your money! The barbecue pork and noodles, egg rolls, and egg drop soup were really very good.

The service is very fast and friendly. Sun Asian Kitchen has both booths and tables and they have take out.笑
This was my first time going to this place though I had driven past it alot. The Sun Asian has really good decor without trying to come across as an uppity spot which I really like. The waitress was very friendly and judging from the amount of people there I can tell they have a lot of regulars. I was playing it on the safe side when I went so I only had the happy hour specials which was a  really good spicy tuna roll and some pork with some peanut sauce on top. It was really good I dont even like pork! The appetizers were really good now I'm curious what the rest of their menu is like.笑
Nice, relaxing ambiance to this place. They serve great vegetable egg rolls and a delicious egg drop soup. I love the hot tea they serve with your meal. The dish I most order here is their Mongolian beef, which is outstanding. The sauce is excellent, and I love having the green onions combined with the very tender, juicy cuts of beef. Unfortunately, my love for their Mongolian beef has kept me choosing this dish over trying some of their others, which means I need to enlarge my dining experience here. I have had their kung pao veggies and did not enjoy it as much as I like Autumn Court's version of the dish. But Sun Asian is an enjoyable place, especially for lunch, and the service is very attentive.笑
A friend of mine invited me to this place for lunch yesterday and I was a bit skeptical at first. After a moment of deliberation, I decided to break free from my regular lunch spots and try something new.

There was a small line to be seated so the hostess asked us if we wanted to sit outside instead of waiting for a spot inside. We accepted her offer and were seated immediately. As soon as I sat in my chair my server was there with menus, ready to take drink orders. She brought us both glasses of water as requested and also brought a pitcher for us to refill with (nice touch as I hate waiting for refills on water).

We both placed our orders off of the very well priced lunch menu and waited less than 10 minutes for our food. Everything came out exactly as ordered and tasted great! 

We were in and out of there in less than 30 minutes which is quite rare for a sit-down restaurant during busy lunch times. I was impressed with the service, speed and price at Sun Asian Kitchen and I recommend this place to anyone looking for a good meal at a good price without wasting your entire lunch hour.笑
The sun asian kitchen went to our blacklist recenly. The funny staff john is no longer working in there. We had our lunch on the bar and the service was terrible. The server barely spoke english. We also saw the owner refused to exchange for an order to a customer and even yelled "i dont need your business". Their food has never impressed us. Why would we go there anymore with that service ?笑
I'll agree with a previous review not much better than fast food chinese.  Why is it Chinese restaurants tend to be dirty?  Although this one is decorated better than most I can't rate them high on the hygiene scale.

Then there was the screaming match coming from the kitchen.......

I won't be back.笑
Service sometimes isn't something to write home about, but we like it Alot. Food is awesome, prices are good. Chicken lettuce wraps FTW笑
I went there when I drove around to find something good for lunch. I had the Teriyaki pork and a smoothie. I think that the price/value doesn't compare to other good Chinese places. Not sure how the other food on the menu is, but the Teriyaki pork is not worth dropping in. It also took quite a while to get the food.笑
The lunch meals are great. I did have a bad experience with the egg foo young... I could not eat it at all.笑
Delicious!! The food came out very quick and it was hot and fresh. The waiters were attentive but not annoying. I had the Shrimp Lo Mien and Orange Chicken.  The noodles were great and the shrimp was cooked perfectly. Prob the best Orange Chicken I've had here in AZ.  My girl had the Shrimp and vegetables and I tried some and it was also very good. Even my ice tea was good :). I recommend this place, they have very competitive prices. I wanted to give it four stars but :/ Just go!!!笑
I'm originally from NYC and I've been in Arizona for almost 23 years and still searching for a good Chinese restaurant. I may have found it tonight when we visited Sun Asian Kitchen.

At first glance the outside is in a strip mall, with a pretty patio on the side where you can dine.
Walking inside the first thing you see is a bar, and it must have been happy hour because all seats were filled. 
We were quickly greeted by a young lady dressed in an Asian top, but her arms were covered with tattoos that were very noticeable and that didn't look very nice (and I am a fan of tats).

Dining room is a little cramped but nice decor, typical Asian style. We asked for a booth and were seated in a small two person booth (I didn't see any larger booths) which was also a bit cramped.

I ordered a cup of wonton soup and we then ordered Roast Pork Egg Foo Young and Orange Chicken.
The wonton soup came out very quickly and it was boiling hot, which I really liked since it was a chilly night. The wonton soup was very flavorrful, although quite salty, but it was full of fresh veggies like carrots, bok choy, water chestnuts and scallions. It had three delicious wontons in it and a jumbo shrimp. I have to say that it was some of the best wonton soup I've had since I've been in Arizona and the "cup" would have been enough for a meal for me. It was delicious.

Our food came out before I was done with my wonton soup, but it looked and smelled very good and it was very hot and fresh.
My fiancee had the Orange Chicken and he enjoyed it so much that he finished the whole dish. I tasted it and it was so good that I might order it next time. It was tender white meat chicken that was deep fried and in a slightly spicy orange glazed sauce with a hint of soy sauce. It wasn't an over powering flavor of orange and the sauce wasn't overwhelming at all. I can't eat spicy foods and this had just the right amount of spice to it.

My Roast Pork Egg Foo Young was again, filled with fresh veggies and sliced twice cooked roast pork which was very tasty. There was so much that I couldn't even finish have the dish. The egg foo young was in a patty underneath the topping of roast pork and veggies and it was really delicious.

Service was prompt and friendly. 

This restaurant is a gem and we'll definitely be back!笑
It's OK.  Not great.  But OK.  Especially if you live in the South Mountain area where we don't have many selections of restaurants to choose from.   My favorite is the Honey Seared Chicken.   They also have a great kids menu if you have adventurous eaters like my 11 year old son.  The service is ....um....efficient...yeah....efficient... but not especially friendly.   They do have an outdoor patio which is a nice addition in the fall.笑
Food was decent.  Customizing an order is challenging over the phone.  Brought wrong sushi roll, and when asked to replace the roll, offered only to change the fish that sat on top instead of the entire roll. Not very knowledgable of what good customer service means.

As the community develops I hope this restaurant has more competition so service will improve.笑
On 3/3/15,My family and I went to eat at Sun Asian Kitchen, this is not my first time eating here, nor my family's first time. My food was good , service was good, but cleanliness, not so good, and the Sushi was fresh but HORRIBLY PREPARED. Also,  I hate restaurants with fake plants. If you have the fake plants please clean the whole plant not just the part you think your customers can see. The table next to us found a, cockroach in their drink. YES, A COCKROACH and then they did not want to refund their dinner, just comp the drink. HORRIBLE  

The sushi was good and fresh... but the rolls were loose, which caused the rice to fall off the roll. Who ever is creating the recipes for the rolls needs to be fired. The Teriyaki chicken roll and shogun beef roll needs to be discontinued or redone. There was no visual appeal to the sushi besides it looking fresh, no garnish to add color or different textures to the sushi.

So I will not be visiting SUN ASIAN KITCHEN, NO MORE, YOU LOST ME WITH THE COCKROACH...笑
We used to come here everyday for at least a tea to go but mostly to eat. We brought our service dog with us today and they asked us to be on the patio doing a disgusting face and one asked if we could sit inside and the other one looked at her with a face that u don't do ur customers and said no. It was too cold to sit outside and the customers should be the ones deciding where to sit.
i can't believe that after coming everyday they didn't let us sit inside even if we have our dogs papers and he is totally trained. 
I would never come back again to this place that was not respectful at all and it was racist. 
Too bad coz we used to love this place.笑
Service is awesome, food is great,excellent happy hour 3-7 and 9 to close. $1.75 bud lights.and a killer happy hour menu笑
Nice Chinese restaurant in the south Phoenix area. I have driven past this place multiple times without knowing, it was almost hiding on me! 

Came here for lunch and enjoyed some hot tea and Moo Goo Gai Pan. A little too many mushrooms for me. Food was tasteful and a healthy portion for the price for lunch. Had a couple bites of pork fried rice and this was also tasty. 

Staff was extremely friendly and food came out quick! Would definitely return and would recommend if you want Chinese in this area. Authentic and tasty!笑
If you work in the Sky Harbor area and want a hot, sit down, full lunch with drink for less than $10 that includes the tip than this place is it! Their lunch specials are under $6 and very filling. All your favorite dishes! Meal comes with egg roll and rice and it's a pretty harty portion. My husband loves this place too, wish it was close to my house.笑
I first have to say that the veggie eggroll is awesome! Very few asian spots make good eggrolls. Try it!

A friend and I met here for lunch one day, it was our first time there for the both of us, and we were presently surprised with the affordable lunch specials and quick service. 

Besides the eggroll I was raving about, the food was good. Lunch portions were decent, so the value of your dollar is good here.笑
Lunch specials are the best there. You can get two sushi rolls for 7.99. My personal favorite is the boba made behind the bar.笑
Don't grab the miso soup I had it today and ever since then my stomachs been turnt to the  point I couldn't leave my house to make it to my second job.笑
I am a fan of this place, but only because this is the only place around to eat decent sushi. i used to go to Pan Asia which was down the road from this place but they shut down :(
My experiences here aren't too bad. The place is clean, and always packed during lunch. A huge + is that they deliver on orders over $20 or $25. 
Their portions and taste of the food are good. I tend to get the Twice Cooked Pork lunch which comes with fried rice and an egg roll. I must admit I always order that and sometimes sushi. The lunch combo is like $6.99 so it's not bad for what you get.
I am giving this 3 stars for one reason only. The service and attitude of the workers. When I walk in of I am greeted and promptly my group and I are seated, and they take our drink order. But after that, the attitudes roll downhill. They do not come by and refill your drinks, when you flag someone down to ask for a refill they give this "don't f'en talk to me look", when they do come by they set your drink down hard and walk away. They are quick to give you your bill and walk away, not asking if you want anything else. 
This last time I went on 11/14/2014 during the lunch rush, my co-worker ordered water as her beverage. The employee sat our drinks down, but they added lemon to her water. When trying to explain that she was allergic to lemon, that same employee looked like she didn't understand and gave one of the most bitchiest looks I have seen.
I recommend take out or delivery during the lunch rush.笑
OK, I HAVE to give this place 5 stars because they server THE BEST Chinese food I have ever had.  Their sushi is mediocre, and so is their service, but their food is brilliant.  Every piece of meat was tender, their shrimp was well cleaned and cooked, and high quality to begin with.  I am definitely going back, I just might get take out next time...笑
Great food and friendly staff, the sushi tasting pretty fresh, I would definitely come back.笑
I would give this place 5 stars if their service is consistent, but it's not. 
  Many places try to be what this place does well, asian fusion. Authentic flavors and good prices.  This is my go to lunch spot.笑
Sun Asian has an eclectic decor that makes me think of what would happen if a foreign tourist had dinner once in a PF Changs, then tried to re-create it from memory a decade later. It attempts to be trendy but ends up looking like a loft apartment that was well-decorated, then occupied by someone's grandmother who didn't have the best taste. It is at least open and airy, though.

It is a semi-regular lunch spot for me and my co-workers, since it is really easy to get tired of going to Chipotle over and over on the corner of 24th and Baseline, and I refuse to go to Ono Hawaiian Grill. Yuck.

The staff is generally friendly and chipper, if a bit too informal. On a couple of occasions I have had to wait a while to be greeted at my table, but 90% of the time it is a quick in and out lunch.

The food is average-to-decent chinese fare with average sushi and a couple of other asian cuisines thrown in. It is nothing earth-shattering, but it is reliably decent.

I always order the veggies in garlic sauce, but substitute crispy fried tofu. The fried tofu is always well-seasoned and cooked just right. The rice is, let's be honest, mediocre shopping center chinese restaurant rice, but it is perfectly acceptable.

It is a great place to grab lunch for 7 or 8 bucks.笑
I LOVED this place the first time I went.  It was slow, atmosphere was nice.  Waiters were polite.  Then... I went back on a busy day.  I ordered the same thing (sweet and sour pork) and it was like I went to a totally different place.  The food wasn't 'bad', just different.  The flavor was off, the color of the sauce was lighter, and the breading was so tough I almost sent flying a piece of pork my fork couldn't quite pierce through.  Everyone was still polite and all but I can't give this place five stars if it isn't consistent.   I guess I will be sticking to their slow hours to get the quality I got the first time round.笑
One of the better places in town to eat sushi. Service is a little slow sometimes but prices are reasonable.笑
I have to admit I am pleasantly surprised by this place. It's down on Baseline and I just don't know that I am a fan of this area. However, my new residence is here with my love, so I need to find places where I can get some sake bombers and sushi and not become illegal whilst driving home. I came here, honestly, because of the star rating by my fellow yelpers. Figured the worst that could happen is being poisoned by what one should probably not eat in a desert anyway or I could find good, quality, sushi and have that close to my new home. I love happy hour; cheap drinks and pretty good menu but not any real special rolls on the happy hour menu. That said I find the regular menu to not be badly priced & the staff is sweet end accommodating. I have since ordered take out Chinese and that is good too. I'm impressed because this side if town is lacking in places to really eat that I end up liking enough to return to. However, I am a fan! 

PS- they have boba and $1 egg rolls .. Get in it.. Mushi mushi ;-)笑
I'm a regular at this restaurant, this place is amazing!  I always get their orange chicken and their honey walnut shrimp.笑
This is a small restaurant, but packed with great foods. My coworkers and I go here often and the foods never let us down. The service is excellent. I highly recommend this.笑
They had different verity of food and I must order the wrong one, it was a little slaty but still good, ill be back and try a different thing next time, and they have boba drinks which I love.笑
Cute place! Very friendly, and the service was great!  The food was crisp, clean and tasty!  We live across town but we will drive the 25 miles to come often. It's worth it!笑
I have been going to lunch here for years almost once a week. The staff is very polite and the food is amazing. 
I love Sushi and this place has some of the best I have ever had. I recommend for those who like spice to get their Spicy Spicy roll. This is my favorite and the best thing about it is that this roll makes a great lunch meal that can fill you up.  If I am lucky I always have the same waitress which know what i like and gets my order in quickly. 
I have never had a bad experience here, the food is very reasonably priced. The service is great and fast. Nice atmosphere and clean.笑
My sister and I come here all the time for sushi. Every visit was left with a full palette and happy smiles. Its really hard to find a good sushi joint around Phoenix and this place does the job. The staff is always friendly and welcoming. Happy hour prices are amazing. Especially if your a big sushi eater the happy hour is a great time to show up. Never had anything on the menu that was disappointing yet. If you dont feel like eating sushi this place also has a Chinese menu.笑
Went on Feb. 6 and had a very disappointing experience. Everything was dirty, tables, salt and pepper shakers menus and soy sauce bottle were grimy and the dishes and silverware still had food particles on them. The Chow Fun noodles were tough as leather. ( an indication being left out drying.  Every other time had been great.笑
Sun Asian is the best place to go eat Chinese food. It has really good happy hour too. They alway treat me and my friends really well. They know us by names and alway makes us feel welcome. I alway recommend everyone to come here for a quick lunch or a nice sit down with good sake bombers.笑
Didn't expect much of this place when I saw it but it totally surprised me with how good the food was! Great value too. We had the crispy honey chicken, garlic short ribs and honey walnut shrimp and all of them tasted great! Hot sour soup was perfect as well with the right amount of spice. Will recommend this place to anyone...笑
Fresh, good Chinese food- Firecracker Shrimp is delish!  Egg rolls are good too- we'll be coming back!笑
The food was just OK. Their sushi needs some work and was mediocre at best and their fries rice was a joke. Looked as though it had been warmed up from a frozen bag. Their orange chicken was good but nothing to go back for. What really got us though was the service. After we received our meal the ENTIRE weight staff, and I mean the entire staff, cooks and all. Went on their lunch break. They proceeded to sit down a their own tables in the dining area and had lunch while customers were eating their meals. It was just bizarre. They didn't tend to their tables at all during this time which is why my husband and I almost got up to go and find the refil station for our waters. Overall it was OK at best and nothing special. I don't see us going back the bizarre service was enough to keep me away.笑
Discovered this place month a ago. I LOVE this place. Whenever I've got a craving for Chinese food, I order here. The sweet and sour shrimp is amazing! They get everything right and the delivery man is very nice whom I always tip. It may be a little pricy but the food is amazing!笑
I came here with a friend two nights ago and the service was so bad I am never coming back. I told my family and friends too and they're not coming either. We went in at 8:30pm - they close at 10 - before asking for drinks asked if we're ready to order. We said no not yet and asked to order our drinks. When she came back she said she needs all of our food order at the same time because we tried to order an appetizer first. She said the kitchen is closing and she needs to hurry up. (8:39pm) after ordering she said she'll bring our appetizer after at 9 pm so we can get the happy hour price. When we got the food, which was good, we shortly ordered one more round of drinks and she told us it was last call (9:15pm) she then gave us the check and some boxes without us asking. I asked her, if I come in at 9:30, would you still serve us? She said yes. I asked then why is she cutting us off? We're customers trying to enjoy dinner and her response was the cooks told her she has to hurry up so they can go home since they had a long day. WOW. And then after we got our check the hostess sat her again and they were able to order and eat. My family has been coming to this place for about 5 years and the service is progressively getting worse. The owners should do some clean house and hire some new staff!!笑
I typically get the crispy honey chicken from here along with white rice and a chicken egg roll. I have yet to be disappointed and consider it a good alternative from the Panda Express down the street. I've always gone in and ordered to go so I cannot speak for the sit down service but the to go ordering is quick and easy. I rarely have to wait more than 8-10 minutes from when placing the order to walking out the door with my food.笑
Sun Asia is not a 5-Star restaurant, but for what it is, I give it 5 stars. 

They have probably the best happy hour I have ever seen that lasts from 3pm-7pm then 9pm-Close, and is SEVEN DAYS A WEEK. The HH menu includes single pieces of sushi for $0.99, rolls for $3, and a variety of other fried appetizers for a few bucks (including fried tofu and vegetable dumplings that are vegan friendly) in addition to a ton of cheap ass booze. You can get a sake bomber with Kirin/Kirin Light for $3.85. Beers (domestic and import) are under $2, cocktails are $5, and they even have scorpion bowls!

The staff has been very friendly and quick to answer questions, and the service is always quick. 

The decor is totally funky inside, which I personally like. it has a lot of character. They also have a really nice patio that is great for beautiful days and day drinking!

Their regular menu is really expansive and I've only had the kung pao tofu, but it was really good. 

They have free delivery with a $25 minimum, but only specific hours. M-F 11a-3p/5p-8p and Sat/Sun 12-8p. You can fax or email your order in too, which I think is pretty cool. Delivery is from 16th ave - 48th street, Broadway to Dobbins. 

Thank god we have Sun Asia because there is practically nothing else in South Phoenix. Definitely hit this place up if you are in the area!!!笑
Came in on a weekend for dinner.  I was impressed by the happy hour- decent deals on sake and appetizers (mostly fried delights such as egg rolls and rangoon).  Ordered the crab rangoons (yummy! Loved the sauces too) and the spicy salmon roll (sloppy, not all that appealing).  Shared the General Tso Chicken and fried rice with my husband.  Good fried rice and the breading on the chicken was perfect, but the dish was swimming in sauce.

if you are looking for an average Chinese place and want to have a nice sit-down meal, this is about as good as it gets in South Phx.笑
Sushi is Very fishy! Avoid it! Staff is not very friendly. Overall experience disappointing.笑
Visiting from out of state. Hands down the worst service I have ever experienced at a restaurant in my life. Took forever to take our order and then a very long time to bring our food. The wait staff were frantic and running around all over the restaurant like chicken's with their heads cut off. I ordered sushi and specifically asked for no eel or eel sauce and both of my rolls came at two different times covered in eel sauce. The menu didn't even say that the food came with eel sauce. I'm at a loss for words. Maybe this was an anomaly but I won't be returning.笑
The mongolian beef was delicious, the Kung Pao chicken a bit less but the restaurant has good food overall, 4 stars.笑
Food 4/5: I've been to this place a few times for lunch. Always have eaten off of their Chinese menu never went for the sushi. Tonight I tried their sushi. Wasn't bad but want anything spectacular at all. Wish I got the Kung pao chicken instead. Go here for the Chinese not the sushi

Service 4/5: these people work really hard. They Don't seem to be organized which affected how long it took the good to arrive but they are always working hard so for ME it's hard to say anything bad.笑
I have been here 3x with the wife. The lunch specials are awesome as well as the food. The food is very reasonably priced. The service is great and fast. Nice atmosphere and clean. It's our favorite Chinese restaurant in Az. Try it you will not be disappointed.笑
Until we discovered Sun Asian, we were going to Pan Asia down the street. Sun Asian is fast, friendly, and has GREAT food. They are very attentive and friendly. They always have our lunches out quickly as they are conscious of our time crunch. Very good lunch specials and much less expensive than the alternative.笑
I'm originally from SF my Asian pallette is pretty tuned in to what's good and what's not this place is by far one of the best mom and pop spots that's I've had the pleasure of eating at. The staff is friendly and the furniture sucks. All of the comforts of an SF dive I use to go to on Church St called The Hong Kong. It closed up a while back. Mr. Chen moved back to China.笑
Surprisingly good Asian food in southern Phoenix!  Nice patio, friendly, quick service and reasonably priced food...especially during happy hour.笑
Very friendly staff,    and I can't think of how the food could be better.    Been coming here several years & glad I can keep eating and drinking here.   

Favorites are the teriyaki bowls,   the vegetarian (veggies only, no fish) sushi,   orange beef,   honey chicken..   yay!

As a side note:  if you know anyone who's *really* picky about Asian restaurants and worries about mystery ingredients or whatever..  there's none of that here.     Picky eaters will be happy with the ingredients,  textures and spices.笑
Tried this place for the first time tonight.  We ordered 7 different appetizers and one egg foo young.  It was a ton of food and I only paid 34 dollars.  All the appetizers were happy hour price.  I highly, highly recommend it.  In fact, I kinda wish we didn't order an entree because we got full off appetizers.  But the waitstaff was lovely and the place is a lot cheerier than you would expect. I only knocked off a star because the booth was a little hard on the rear and the boba balls were a little mushy. Lol at that sentence.  All in all I had a good experience.  My recommendation: squid salad!笑
Just got back from having lunch here...  Been many times in the last year for lunch, take out, ect.

We will NOT be back!!!  Went for lunch... got my usual of kung pao tofu with white rice and veggie egg roll.  My husband ordered 2 pc. tuna nigiri, 2 pc. salmon nigiri, 2 pc. yellowtail nigiri.  The reason he ordered this is because walking in there was a big dry erase board above the sushi chef and it said, "Daily special  Nigiri 99 cent/ 1 pc.  Yellowtail $1.50/ 1 pc."  When we ordered we specified that he was getting the daily special and how many of each kind.  

When we got the bill he was charged $16 for 6 pc of sushi when it should have been $7.  When I pointed out the mistake I was told that the white board special is happy hour specials.  I pointed out that no where on the white board did it specify that there was a time that the specials were good for.  I also pointed out that it was specified at the time of order that we were getting the daily special and pointed with my finger to the white board.  The woman still charged us the $16.  She got a $0 tip.

Well Sun Asian, you just lost a big local customer.  You will never see us again.笑
Solid lunch deals, which turn out to be quite tasty. You can get in and out in under an hour for around 8$ with tip :)笑
Ok. A full star is generous but this site only allows 1 star increments.
I've been to this place 3 times, hoping that service will either improve or balance out. I like to support "mom and pop" places and local restaurants which is why I gave it several opportunities to make up for poor service. But to my disappointment, this is the last straw.
I show up for a bite to eat with a friend around 9pm on a Monday night which is typically the slowest night of the week for most restaurants. As soon as we received our menus we were already expected to give our order. After asking for a few more minutes to decide, the waitress comes back in less than a minute, urging us to make a decision. Strike 1. Next after ordering our food, we receive our orders in a reasonable amount of time. By now it's about 9:15. The food is mediocre as usual but that can be forgiven to a certain degree. While I'm still eating the last few bites of my food, the waitress is tugging at my plate to take it away. I had to stop her and tell her that I wasn't quite finished. Strike 2. She came back a couple of minutes later dropped off the check and packed the few leftovers. By now it's around 9:30. My friend and I were in the middle of a conversation when she rudely interrupted to ask to close the check. I glanced at my watch to be mindful of the time they close which was 10pm...it was 9:35. Strike 3. At this point, enough is enough. I asked for a manager to let her know of the poor service and I was suddenly surrounded by the remaining wait staff which stood there waiting for me to act crazy or something. After politely speaking my dissatisfaction, my friend and I left vowing never to return and encourage others to do the same.
In this economic climate, you would think that frequent customers would save establishments like this. However, to create frequent customers, they would have to be encouraged to come back!!
I am amazed how this place stays in business. Mediocre food (at best), rather high prices, and poor service. If you want to pour money into local businesses, pour it somewhere else because this establishment could care less.笑
I am going with 5 stars May my server was awsome . She took my order corectly, gave feed back when I asked her what was best and followed up quickly with a check and to go box. The food was delicious and FAST I have never had food this fast and fresh before. (If it wasn't you couldn't tell) our table was never crowed with empty place or drinks low. The bar was slow but with a full place and it being happy hour I can understand why. The only issue I had was another waiter I believe the manager reaching over my plate and snatching a menu out of my hand.笑
It has been a while since I came here for lunch. Wow! Their menus and the food has improved so so much. I ordered Pad Thai from their lunch menu and it was amazingly delicious. It is spicy to my liking. They are very generous on the meat portion as well as the noodles. I enjoy every bite of it.笑
Happy hours is very reasonable and I like the happy hour menu, I'm a picky eater but I have enjoyed their sushi chicken lo mein笑
Not Happy at all, march 11 2016 my birthday I'm celebrating my choice were to dine, I was recommended highly about this place,big disappointment from bad service to the food, the staff rued the rice was half cooked but the worst part is that the tip is automatically included in the check so i tip a bad service weather i was satisfied or not, will i ever recommend not ever.笑
Favorite place to get a milk Thai boba tea
Lunch deals are pretty decent my friend ordered the orange chicken and I ordered the sesame. Both came with an eggroll and your choice of white or pork fried rice. Egg drop soup is my fav.笑
There's some harsh reviews of this place but I don't have an issue with it really.
Price is normal for dinner places, the staff are not the nicest people out there but if you sit and eat they are nice and quick with soda/tea refills and removing plates.

They have a happy hour (I think it's every day) from 4-7 where all their appetizers (lots of em) are half off.  If I get there before 7, which I try to, I usually only order a bunch of different appetizers so I have like 4-5 different things to eat... I like it.  Their orange chicken is bomb too!笑
I met a friend for an early dinner here on a weekday. The staff was very friendly and attentive. I was disappointed it was a Pepsi place lol, but other than that the food was great. I had lemon chicken and a veggie egg roll and both were exactly what I expected. It was fast, not too expensive ($13 for me), and indefinitely will be back again.笑
Sun Asian Kitchen was a nice little place. Modern looking, yet had a definite Asian-owned feel. No loud music, had some TVs and a bar. Happy hour menu looked pretty legit. The service friendly and pretty fast.

My friend and I ordered the chicken egg rolls (eggzcellent) the fish fillet with black bean sauce (a little salty, but to be expected with black bean sauce), and the lemon pepper chicken (which didn't have that strong of a lemon flavor, but still good). This place definitely surprised us. We wanted to try it for a while. I definitely recommend it.笑
Alright - I am going to update this review because Sun Asian Kitchen is a frequent stop for me.

No it's not the best (Chinese) food I have ever eaten. But their sushi is pretty darn great, plus they have a bar, iced mochas (not joking), Americanized Food items, and they deliver.

I recently just got their Sushi Salad (Tuna, White Tuna, Mango, Avocado, crisp lettuce, shredded carrots, cherry tomatoes and a spicy sweet sauce) and it was heaven. I am updating my review just because of this.

I gotta give them props, since they're in South Phoenix. We're lucky they exist out here.

You keep up the good fight Sun Asian Kitchen, and I'll ordering delivery from you (since it's hot and I am too lazy to drive).

Recommended: 
Happy Hour - It's cheap
Drinks - Fun times
Delivery - Awesome convenience
Sushi - Pretty tasty

Not:
The Chinese Food (unless you do like Americanized Chinese Food)笑
Good food! I won't discount that, but when you have food delivered you kinda should bring condiments with you. I ordered sushi and there was no wasabi and ginger :-( and I really wanted the spice today. The killer roll is good on the sushi menu and I love their beef and broccoli!!!笑
Sushi was sub par. Sloppy roles and warm fish. The guy making the sushi came up to the bar where I was sitting and freaked out because I asked him to change the channel on the tv. He said, "I'm too busy for you." I don't think he spent that extra time on my food. 

Not coming back to this place, although it's the closest sushi to work.笑
in 2012 i used to work near here and this was one of our lunch spots. 
This place is a bargain. 
A+ in customer service.
Outdoor patio.

Our meal consisted of:
Sake / Saporo 
Big bowl of alcohol it was a bit on the weak side, I couldn't really taste the alcohol or the sugar. 
Orange chicken is dripping with sauce.
Kung Poa beef is full of rich vegetables however I would've liked a bit more beef.
Family size rice bowl.
Tuna roll was ok. No fancy presentation just rice covered seaweed stuffed with tuna.
bbq pork appetizer was cooked a little too rare for me. 

Final tab 42 + tip and 3 happy customers.笑
Huge portions, place seemed a little weird but the food was excellent! Had the sesame chicken and it's the best I've tasted. Will come back but I rarely eat Chinese!笑
We always give places a "second" try after having a downside experience and we are
glad we do this. We called in for Delivery this time but they were short staffed, so we made the trip in to pick our order up. 
We got the Salt and Pepper Squid, Hot and Sour Soup (always very good here!), Chicken Lettuce Wraps, General Tso's chicken and the Singapore rice noodles. 
Everything was very tasty! Left overs yes and that will be my dinner tonight. 
We were very pleased.笑
Wish I could leave less then 1 star.  I was looking forward to some Asian food and a nice drink but sat for 30 minutes with no service.  Didn't even get water.  Would not recommend if you are used to tipping extremely well for good service.  There loss!!!笑
This place is awesome! The atmosphere is so relaxing and the service was great! I had the rainbow roll and really liked it, and the prices were very reasonable. I will definitely be coming back!笑
The service is great and the food is even better. I've been here about 5 times now. Each time I've visited, I've had something different and it was just as good as the first time. 

Their fish in the spicy black bean sauce? Awesome. Their mongolian beef? Delicious. Their fish in spicy chili oil? Yummy. Kung pao chicken? Soooo good! And if that isn't enough for you, their rolls are yummy and CHEAP! 

And the ladies I've seen each time I've been in there are so sweet! They already remember my husband and I, and just have such a genuine warmth about them. Aside from the food being great, I want the restaurant to succeed because I love the people who work there.

Go to Sun Asian! You'll be so happy you did!笑
Everything at this restaurant is delicious. I had miso soup, spicy crab salad, and sushi. It was all delicious. I usually come around dinner time. I've always been happy with the service as well. I highly recommend this restaurant.笑
This review is only of the sushi menu as I have never ordered anything off the regular menu.

This place has awesome happy hour and reverse happy hour specials. $2 Sapporo and Kirin, 99 cent nigiri and $4 rolls. I'm not going to lie to you, this is not sushi for sushi snobs, and I have sushi snob friends that refuse to go here. But if you're not...I have eaten here over a dozen times and only 1 visit was the fish a little under par. The service is quite good and the sushi comes out pretty fast. 

The restaurant itself is cute and well decorated with a nice ambiance. It is nice to have a place like this in South Phoenix with cheaper prices (and WAY better music) than the place down the road.笑
Was rushed in ordering our food, the food came out and was cold and she just threw our plates down like she was in a rush when the restaurant wasn't full at all. After we had our food the waitress NEVER came back to fill our drinks or check and see how our food was.  We waited forever for the check, our waitress went to other tables and didn't even pay attention to us and as I said before the place was not even half full.  
We didn't believe she deserved a big tip so we left her $2 and as we were getting up to go she stopped us and demanded to have a bigger tip than what we left, being frustrated we left her a $5.
Will never be going to this place again.笑
I like the food. I normally order the house lo-mein. It has a good mixture of all the meats including shrimp.  I have also try the sushi and it was good. I really do not like the yellow curry. It was to thick and sticky. But overall the food is good.笑
We call for take out about once a month since it's about the only Chinese food in the area. Food is pretty good and we have always had great service.笑
Had the spicy tuna and spicy salmon roll, both were good, not great. The orange chicken was average. Not spiced insided. Looked and tasted as if from frozen. Overall it was good, not great.笑
My work has ordered from this place on a couple occassions.  I thought the food was pretty good.  I've had the sesame chicken and crispy honey chicken, both were delicious.  I've actually eaten at the restuarant once very recently.  Nothing majorly wrong or stand out wowish.  The wait staff wasn't that friendly or rude.  They basically just did their job and that's it.  I would go here again, if I'm in the area and craving chinese...which I always am.笑
This place has a good happy hour. The food is not the best but it is pretty decent. Service is fair笑
I love this place! The food is good with great prices. The staff are inviting and friendly.笑
The food here is always so good. I've been coming here since they opened. They have a great lunch special and yummy boba you can order to go. Their sushi is a bit on the pricey side but then again they're more focused on their main entrees. If you are craving Asian food and want a nice sit down place, this is definitely a good place to go. Great drinks too!笑
The food is good, and the employees are very friendly! It has a great, casual atmosphere, so it's definitely somewhere you can take family for a dinner out, which is a plus if you don't want to do carry-out. It's one of the nicest Chinese restaurants in the area. I recommend them.笑
This place is a staple lunch spot for us. I have rated this place highly before. Today an order mix up became a very uncomfortable situation. Really too bad.笑
Crab Puffs are great. Slushi... great. I ordered the wrong dish verdict still out.笑
Cheapest place around during happy hour! You must check it out. Try the volcano drink for two!笑
Picking  up a take-out order, I love there honey shrimp and picking up shrimp fried rice for my mom delicious.笑
I used to come here all the time but it seems like lately they have been slacking on the quality. Tonight, I just stopped by for a couple of boba drinks, which are typically very delicious from here but today I couldn't even take two sips. The boba was so mushy like it had been sitting there for a while and the milk tea tasted very water down. I am very disappointed in this place lately and may not want to give it another try...笑
My bf and I have been here multiple times and every single thing we have gotten off the menu has been nothing but delicious!  The sushi is very good! Tastes fresh! Hot and sour soup is amazing!  You cannot beat how good the food is and the pricing is exceptional!笑
Surprisingly great food.  The sushi is the best.  I don't feel the same for the cooked food.  I have dined here quite a few times and never ran into any issues with it.  However, I wouldn't recommend the walnut shrimp - didn't taste fresh.  The last time my hubby and I ate here, I got my sushi and a man who sat at the bar after us, ordered the same food after us, got his before my husband.  Just a really blah experience with the cooked food.

They get really really busy during lunch so you may want to come early or avoid the lunch hour.  These are the times we have had any and all issues.  The last time I ordered more sushi and it was made but never given to me.  My waiter disappeared so I had to ask the bartender for my food.


Overall the place is a great spot and I will def return!笑
This is my favorite place to order take-out in South Phoenix! I love the Kiss on the Fire sushi or kung pao tofu. My significant other exclusively orders the twice cooked beef -- a wonderful sticky mess of crispy beef pieces. The raw sushi I've had tastes fresh (as fresh as you can expect in the middle of the desert), and I've always thought the staff are friendly! It's definitely in my regular rotation.笑
This place is so so so good You know how you get sick leaving most Asian places but never this place. Great Happy Hour prices just hands down the best food I have had in awhile from a Asian place.笑
I had sushi and double fried chicken with peppers onions in a savory sweet and spicy sauce! It was fantastic with excellent service. I will be going back for more. 
.笑
We used to love this place. It was one of best place to eat Chinese food. We went today and ordered the same things- egg drop soup, beef stick, Mongolian beef. The food came instantly as soon as we ordered- we are suspicious of just heating the food in the kitchen. They had no taste and not fresh - we were very disappointed by the low quality of food. I don't think we will go back there in the future. Pretty sad we really liked the place and seeing the quality of food gets diminishing....笑
It's a great neighborhood standby; I keep returning for the happy hour deals, the overall reliable service, and decent food. My son and I stopped in last night for our sushi roll fix and other snacks, and it did not disappoint.笑
My boyfriend and I go here probably once a week.  From the outside, it looks terribly dodgy, but on the inside the restaurant is quite lovely.  The owners have obviously invested considerable capital in this place, getting custom-made metal work, etc.

Our first visit: Sweet and sour chicken - what I order whenever I'm trying a new Chinese restaurant - isn't awesome, but it was good enough to make me come back.  My boyfriend got a beef dish; his only complaint was that there was too much meat and not enough vegetables.  

The chicken skewers appetizers are soso, but the dumplings are very tasty.  Recommend pan-fried over steamed, though either are yummy. 

I rarely stray from the almond chicken.  It is the perfect dish, with the chicken & veggies (zuchinni, mushrooms, water chestnuts, onions & peppers) in perfect proportion, all in delicious brown sauce that has just enough ginger to be perfectly palate-cleansing (instead of cloying, as some brown sauces can be).  The almonds, toasted, are a great additional 'crunch' in the dish.

Other dishes we've had: string bean beef and chicken are two of my boyfriend's favorites.  Chicken & vegetables are yummy, as is the double cooked (or double fried) chicken.  My mother, when she visited, had egg foo yung with beef and thought it was awesome.  

Service is exceptional.  They're always happy to provide a pitcher of water when I ask for it, and if I forget to ask, my glass doesn't ever stay empty for long.笑
I have found something here I really like! 

Ready? ................ Lunch specials! 

I had never actually eaten INside the restaurant before; only gotten take out. I thought their service was much better while dining in. Also, its a good value. I even obtained a 15% off coupon for my next visit from the newspaper they had in the waiting area. 

The next time I got take out and tried to use the coupon. Nowhere on the coupon did it say it had to be from the regular menu, only that I'd get 15% off. The lady who answers the phone who I really like because she's the friendliest of all the employees I've spoken to is the one who told me that it could not be used on the Lunch Menu items. Oh well, since they're already less than $6 anyways, I didn't mind. 

I might actually go get some of their Hunan Chicken for lunch, but I'm waiting til' the lunch crowd thins a bit.笑
YUCK! ick! ewwwww! would be how I'd describe my lunch at Sun Asian Kitchen. Whatever was served was albeit presentable but in terms of taste not good at all. I ordered the wonton soup and the Honey Chicken combo (comes with a chicken eggroll, and choice of fried rice, steamed rice or lo mein, brown rice is extra). The wonton soup had a weird taste to it, the broth was alright and the vegetables included in the soup canned. The Honey Chicken combo arrived shortly after, and it looked promising. And what goodness it seemed to offer ended after the first bite. I know how to cook fried rice, and yes, fried rice is made with day old rice but what I had was the rice at the bottom of the pan, there were hard bits to it that would stick to my teeth and there was no flavor to it, as for flavor, the honey chicken had nothing close to it being honey chicken, and the dish tasted off. It was a mess. I was hoping to at least enjoy the chicken minus the lackluster fried rice but the fried pieces of chicken was mostly batter and less chicken. And the sauce was just too sweet and thick that I really didn't know what I was eating hence I just stopped eating and considered my lunch a loss. =( I agree with a yelper that sun asian kitchen is a step above fast food but if I were to compare this tragedy with Panda Express, I'd take Panda over this hot mess. Overall my experience at Sun Asian Kitchen was bad sauce, and wouldn't recommend this place to anyone at all. I'm sorry Sun Asian Kitchen, you're a bad news bear. =(笑
Been here several times and got excellent service but for some reason sitting outside causes the wait staff to forget you. I ordered a Long Island ice tea and then told them to wait until happy hour to bring me my next one which was about half a hour. A hour later and the drink never came so when the waitress finally showed up I just asked for her to split the check and not to bring me the drink. She can back with the drink a half hour later and I told her I didn't wanted it. We just wanted to leave because we were sitting there for two hours already. She comped the drink then brought back the tab which was also not split. The food was very good but the wait staff needs to be more attentive. This place wasn't busy so not sure why it was so difficult to check on the patio table area.笑
It's nice having a Chinese /Sushi restaurant in South Phoenix.  The staff are always friendly and provide great service.  The happy hour is fantastic, and I was so pleased when they added a sushi bar. A few of my favorite menu items include; hot and sour soup, egg drop soup, Spicy Saigon noodles, Kung Pao Tofu, vegetable egg foo young, eel (unagi)roll, spicy tuna roll, dragon roll, and sashimi yellowtail. The quality and taste is always consistently good.笑
I have eaten here a few times. Never had any major issues to stay away. The service was good. Great food and cool atmosphere. My only reason I am not giving 5 stars, is because I asked for hot tea and never got it. Sushi, teriyaki chicken and won ton soup was delicious. I also enjoy their happy hour! I will come again!笑
A-mazing Soups, happy-hour appetizers and such cheap pricing!
We go here pretty much once a week since its so close to where we live.. Kung-pao chicken and hot  sour soup are the best! 
Definitely try it out once and you'll keep coming back!