Ok so yay im a fan! This place rocks my world. The food is amazing and always good. I will say the only down side is when you order like 2 dinner combination for whatever they give you this little box of rice lol but tons of meat. So like i had my general Tso's chicken (which was soooo good, careful of the spicey because the crap is hot) and this little bed of rice. If you dont care for to much rich then this is the place for you! Kinda on the pricey side and there is no delievery smh but other then those 2 things its really good.Ǿ
The last few times I have been here the experience has been poor. January I visited the restaurant for a sit down dinner. We got seated in the back and no one came and asked for our order in the 15 minutes we sat there. We finally got up and left. I stayed away until today and order take out. I get home and realized they forget the sauce for my meal. I had to drive all the way back to get there. I asked for a discount but received soup and an egg roll instead. I get home to eat my cold meal and my tasteless sauce.Ǿ
@ Jeffery, I think you critiqued the wrong place, the buffet is across the street, this is a sit down restaurant.  I have eaten here frequently, take out and eat in. The food has always been good if a little expensive. I always have leftovers though so guess you can consider that in the cost. Some of the wait staff is good, friendly, some not so good and not so friendly.  Same with the check out guy, not Mr. Hospitable for sure but unless there is a problem so what, I talk to him for 30 seconds.  I don't like that the take out menu items don't include the same thing as the eat in menu items( IE no soup included). But IMO, it's the best local ( to that area) Chinese food by far.Ǿ
In the neighborhood and had a bogo coupon for a dinner and thought about paying the $2 to upgrade for soup and egg roll  firmly told that could not since using coupon. I explained that these dinners are more than a combo and that adding  $2  the waitress pointed to coupon and said no u are using coupon.   We ordered hot tea with the meal  we were not going to pay an additional  $3 for won ton soup.  Food was served hot as well as the tea. Plenty of food and will have enough for another meal this coming week.    Fiance thought chicken kung-pao was not as spicy as thought it should have been.Ǿ
Good American Chinese food. Good portions. Service is not bad. Try the hofun. One of the best General TSO's Chicken, you can actually tell that is white meat chicken breast. The hot and sour soup is good, That is one of my standards for Chinese places. The mu-shu is very good. Egg rolls are the bomb, so is the American wonton soup. Very consistent place. So with Chinese places you got to know what is good on the menu. They will customize your food for you as well. Dishes tend to be about 10 to 15 dollars.Ǿ
I'm not an expert on the restaurant business.  Nor do I have any formal training as a food critic.  However, I imagine there are a few basics that one learns in Restauranteering 101.

1) Your restaurant should not smell of human pee
2) Tables should be free of greasy handprints 
3) If you order an item that is not fish, it should not taste like fish
4) Server should not work if they have a phlegmy-sounding cough

One star for a good fortunes not my cookie.

Is it bad to drink hand sanitizer?Ǿ
Nice decor! The egg rolls are fantastic! Best I have had in a long time! The veggie fried rice was so flavorful I didn't even need to use soy sauce. It even had fresh mushroom and bean sprouts. It was the sticky rice kind- a lot of substance.Egg drop soup was flavorful. My friend loved the cashew chicken  and I had the eggplant with garlic sauce. Wonderful -with plenty of vegetables!Ǿ
Storefront looks so authentically Chinese on the all American Mayfield strip. Easy parking right out on front. I got the general tso chicken, which was a decent sized portion, unfortunately way too salty for my liking though. Seemed like a voluminous menu, wouldn't mind coming back to try something else.Ǿ
Came here for lunch with a large group. It was about 1 in the afternoon so we got seated immediately.  Ummmm.... I don't have a whole lot to say about this place.  The prices were good on their lunch menu.  The staff was nice.  We got water and hot tea. We did wait longer for some things. Long like, maybe our waitress forgot lol. I gave it 3 stars because others seemed to have enjoyed their food.Ǿ
Do not order egg fo yung unless your into water chestnuts and bean sprouts they really need to taste there own food and ask themselves if they would ever return. Not the worst though the shrimp and broccoli was fresh and tasty. Fried rice was probably old a day or so. They won't survive with this food. They should do a do over cause there's plenty of competition on mayfieldǾ
If you want to maintain your dignity, you'll avoid this dump at all costs. Besides being overpriced, the food took AN HOUR to arrive to our table because our waitress decided that a table buying alcohol was more important. Meanwhile, our water glasses stayed empty and tables around us we're sat, ate and left while we waited. Waitress nowhere to be seen. 

Once the food did arrive, it was the wrong order and the waitress accused us of eating the scallops which never came on the dish. Nice right? It also didn't come with rice which took 20 more minutes to arrive, you know, after we had finished eating. Oh and the kids meal I ordered for my two year old came in two waves, 45 minutes apart. Kids deal with that sort of thing so well! 

To fix it? The restaurant offered half off the meal they accused us of removing food from. Yeah, right. I'd like my two hours back from being wasted at a lousy Chinese restaurant.Ǿ
My family has been eating Golden Dragon since the 90's but we can't ignore the spotty quality of food and poor service anymore.  

Tonight we ordered dinner for 4. When we opened our food at home our Cashew Chicken carton had broken open leaking sauce everywhere but rather than give us a new carton the person chose to throw the broken carton inside of a plastic bag for us to deal with. You might think this speaks to their large portion size BUT the Cashew Chicken was almost completely missing chicken.  The Pork Fried Rice had almost no pork!  We were given NO Duck Sauce with our order.  The shrimp was so fishy I had to brush teeth. 

I will hold off on anymore specifics but believe me there were other issues with our order tonight. We've had these issues with Golden Dragon before and we usually call and complain or get back in the car and drive 10 minutes back up to get our Duck Sauce. But this is it. For a restaurant with a shameful 3 stars on Yelp the owners should be looking to keep their regulars happy and coming back.  But their issues are so consistent and so broad that it's clear these are all symptoms of a very basic flaw in their business.  They don't care. They are a lazy, mediocre to poor Chinese restaurant in Northeast Ohio. They are satisfied with their three stars. 

Don't eat here. We won't.Ǿ
4 of us went. Each had a different dish. No one was blown away. Over priced. Best thing was the fried rice.Ǿ
may 8th, went for lunch, no bok choy again m4th time, substitute i think was shredded lettuce, maybe trying to save money, the owner needs a class on purchasing 101. like a bar with no vodkaǾ
Friendly staff, great food and great prices. Their egg rolls and wonton soup are some of the best I have had. 
Yes the place is a little out dated and could use some remodeling however food is great. Give it a tryǾ
Overall: WARNING, UNETHICAL MANAGEMENT.  They do not honor paid Living Social vouchers.

Customer Service: 1 star.  The waitress was fine.  The 1 star is for the inept management.  I purchased a LivingSocial promotion of pay $20, get $30.  The promotional value expired, but the paid value doesn't expire for 5 years.  I notified the man at the counter and the waitress, and they had no issue.  As I went to pay, the man at the counter called a lady (I'm assuming the owner) to tell her about the voucher.  After 5 minutes of him arguing with her, he put me on the phone to talk to the lady.  She said that the voucher was expired and that I could not use any of it.  The voucher clearly states the paid value doesn't expire until 2019.  Again, she was on the phone arguing with me, which is crazy.  Finally they gave me the $20 off, but acted like they were doing me a favor.

Pricing: 2 stars: The sesame chicken entree was $13.95, which is the most I've ever paid.  

Food: 4 stars.  The sesame chicken was good.  Beef teriyaki sticks were excellent; best I've ever had.   They have a good selection of meals.

Appearance: 2 stars.  It's a poorly decorated restaurant.Ǿ
From the outside you'd think its a generic type of an American style Chinese food.  A fews ago I'd say this is true.  Now it has new life.  Yes there is the Americanized style Chinese food, good but not great but with a chef who worked for Li Wah downtown there is now traditional Style southern Chinese food on the East Side.  Finally

Basically like most Asian food places, you'll have to ask for off menu items.  The OTHER menu has whole lot of other dishes from steamed/pan seared fishes, Hong Kong Style wonton noodle soups to Moi Choi Kow Yuk "mandarine: Mei Cai Kao Rou" ( Triple layed pork over chinese mustard greens.) You can also request for special items if you know what you want.    

There are other authentic Chinese places on the Eastside but this one is the only southern style place.

Personally I like this place for Chinese food on the Eastside.  Being Asian American, I guess I am more prone to Asian flavors...no brainer right? =)  Seriously go here and order the traditional Chinese food.Ǿ
This place is crazy when you go there.  No music, strange people and a beat up looking restaurant.  That being said, they have cheap and good Chinese food.  The General Tso's platter comes with about 2 white meat chicken breasts and a load of fried rice.  To start you get your choice of soup and some shrimp chips.  All told, lunch for just over six bucks.  The waitress in there is really no-messing-around so make sure that if you get a drink, you call it to her attention when it is empty.  Never hope for a shrimp chip refill either.  

Don't worry about having to wait, you never will.  Good place to grab lunch if you are in the area.Ǿ
The first time I had food from Golden dragon, I was blown away.  The quality was phenomenal, and the price was insanely low.  

The sweet and sour chicken is to die for.  They kill it.  The rice is pretty good too. I actually made a Yelp! account just to review this place because I want everyone to know of how good it is.  

The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars was because my food took longer than I was quoted.  They told me 15 minutes, and it took over 45 minutes.  I did order during lunch time, and I understand that it's their busiest time, but they shouldn't have quoted me 15 if they couldn't deliver. All and all, it was pretty good.Ǿ
Well we just got take out tonight; some of us had been before and recommended it. I like to consider myself a bit of a Chinese food connoisseur, and I was thoroughly unimpressed. First, the take out took nearly an hour and the order wasn't 100% correct, but they did give us a bag of fortune cookies (could've given a discount, but okay whatever). 

The food wasn't labeled at all, which made things pretty confusing. Both types of fried rice we got weren't fully cooked and the rice was pretty cheap. I have had much, much better. The won ton soup was better than expected, but the corn chowder was tragic. It is a repulsive, chunky, gelatinous yellow slop or sorts. The chow mein was at least 40% mushrooms and very runny, so it spilled everywhere in the box. The pot stickers were burned well and were way too dough-y. The soy sauce wasn't even real, and they didn't include cheap wooden chopsticks. 

Not coming here again...ever. It's more expensive and much, much, much worse than what I get in Chinatown in Chicago. Everything was overpriced and unimpressive. Avoid this place at all costs; P.F. Chang's is a step up.Ǿ
I ordered carry out last week, and it was extremely disappointing. The two items I ordered, kung pao chicken and chicken lo mein were both bland, lacked chicken, and the chicken was obviously from a can (it tasted like rubber). In both dishes, there were more water chestnuts and sprouts than anything else. Also, I was given a quarter cup of steamed white rice to go with the dinner sized Kung pao chicken and I sadly found a hair in it. The food is over priced and very poor quality. Golden Dragon is not worth your time, energy, and money.Ǿ
Friendly staff, broad menu, reasonable price, large portion sizes. A welcome treat after the NYC takeout we're used to.Ǿ
DO NOT EAT HERE!!! Worst customer service I have ever received. Pick any other Chinese place! Our waitress didn't greet us for about 15 minutes. When she finally approached our table (I wouldn't call it a greeting) she sat two waters on the table and walked away. My Mom tried to order a Diet Pepsi but the waitress shouted at her to hold on. I resisted the impulse to leave at that moment, big mistake. It took her 15 more minutes to get us each a Diet Pepsi. Next she brought us the wrong soup and insisted we ordered it. My entree was terrible, my Mom's entree was good, and our Crab Rangoon's (appetizer) came after the meal?! Our waitress also sat in the booth across from us and ate her lunch. That's appetizing. The wait staff also shouted at each other in Chinese for most of the meal. I typically love Chinese food and have never had an experience like that. I felt it was my duty to write this review so that others don't waste there hard earned cash here. This place does not care about the customer at all and the food I tried was a 3 out of 10 at best. ICK!Ǿ
I ordered takeout on Christmas. Egg foo young was awesome! Not too salty and made fresh. Veggie soup was great, large pieces of veggies and great flavor. I waited in the lounge and watched the cavs game, food came out in 15 min which was good given how busy it was. This place is old school and nostalgic. Love it.Ǿ
I really want this place to succeed because it is an independent, local business located in an area desperate for good food. So I'll say: the interior looked cozy and clean and my take-out order arrived promptly.  

Sadly, it felt like a rip-off.   $12 for a shrimp and vegetable noodle dish that contained cold, flavorless noodles (no seasoning or sauce at all) with a mere trace of vegetables and a handful of tiny shrimp.  Very sad. I'm surprised that they would cut corners in an neighborhood where local people live, work, and shop routinely.  Reputation is what pays the bills for restaurants. You can put in the effort and provide good food to win folks as loyal customers for the long haul, or you make an extra buck on the first sale but lose your customer base for good.Ǿ
The Golden Dragon Chinese Restaurant is located right across the street from the China Buffet. It's a little more of a high-end restaurant, with menus that come in the neat little menu folders.

They have a full bar and a menu full of alcoholic and nonalcoholic treat beverages; Pina Coladas and Daiquiris. I got the China Sea ($3.95) and it was so very good! It took me the length of the entire meal to finish it and it was delicious and fruity.

The food comes out looking beautiful. There are pictures of the interior, the dishes and the drink I got on my blog: (http://whatsincleveland.blogspot.com/2011/05/golden-dragon-chinese-restaurant.html)

The waitress was kind of bossy and misunderstood part of our order, which is the only reason I didn't give it more stars.Ǿ
As far as Chinese food in Mayfield goes this is probably the best one....honestly that is not saying much but this place is "okay". I typically do not order from here very often as their menu is overpriced for the amount of food you get. Definitely more expensive than the average Chinese joint...but the food is pretty good. Nothing exceptional. I enjoy their sweet and sour chicken. Service at tables is always friendly.Ǿ
During the Chinese New Year lion dance we had several frustrations
Our reservations which were confirmed several times including an actual trip to the restaurant to pick a table, was not honored. The servers needed to take a short break from serving during the actual show. It was ridiculous to have the show blocked during this time. The whole point of the show is to be able to see it,and the food should be served prior to the show which by the way was thirty minutes later than scheduled. 
So basically if they honored reservations, served food prior to show and moved a table out of way so all could see, the food was good and the show was very entertaining( if you could see over all the heads of people they packed in)Ǿ
Went there with a group of six people for dinner on a Sunday night and we were sat at a round table which was so wobbly you couldn't put your elbows on the table...so we all got up and moved over to the next table.  It took about 15 minutes for anyone to come over and wait on us even though there was only two other tables in the entire restaurant.  We ordered drinks, but my daughter wanted a 7up which never came.  After getting up to find the waitress, they finally delivered it only to have it completely flat without any carbonation at all.  Apps came out with the dinners and the soups were cold.  I just got the feeling nobody really cared.  :-(  Got my bill and it was $31.00 for one meal I split with my daughter...Since we had such a large "group", they already tacked on an 18% tip...nice for crap service and food!  Never going back.