I've been all around the United state's  have tried many different  chicken wing joints this is by far the best one of them all. I had 10 pc hot wings with there onion rings and dipped into there hot ranch sauce it is hands down very very good. this place is a hidden gem I am telling you folks .笑
Great hole in the wall wing place! I enjoyed the wings because it was cooked perfectly, crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. Honey hosin looked burnt but it wasn't, loved the taste of it! I'll be back!笑
Horrible horrible experience and food!!  I Had a craving for some good ole fashion hot spicy wings. Googled the best hot wings near me.....this restaurant was listed in the top 5. How and why I don't understand.  Pulling into the parking lot was a surprise, wasn't at all what was expected to be listed in the top 5 best wings. Plastic silverware, drink was mediocre, server failed to tell us the wings were grilled, another surprise when our food arrived.  Bite into the wings barely warm didn't taste any flavor (order a hot spicy with a sweet twist, no flavor at all.  When server arrived asking how everything was, I had to tell her, she graciously said she would take them back and place them on the grill to warm them.  Plastic bowl returned, wings were in the exact placement when she took the bowl.  The kitchen heated the plastic bowl with celery between the wings in the MICROWAVE!!!!  Needless to say at this point I was so disappointed and ready to go.   How and why this is a restaurant in the top 5 needs to be re-evaluated and removed off the list!!!!!!笑
try the gold wings super bomb! wings are huge!笑
I just moved here from South Florida and going out for wings are a huge part of my life. I placed a to go order with the bartender and she was very helpful in describing the sauces and made some very delicious suggestions! After trying the wings I have to admit, they're some of the best I have ever had! I will be returning to this location OFTEN.笑
Awesome little dive for piping hot wings that are delicious. Great prices with just enough of a cozy atmosphere. Don't change a thing guys.笑
They have some of the best wings I've had in the Charlotte area. Would defiantly recommend them to anyone looking for some good wings.笑
Go for the Hot Garlic wings with Fries to dip in the sauce.  Great sauce, with LOTS of garlic.  Good cold beer as well.笑
Great dive! Gotta try their hot gold wing sauce...Delicious! Also, don't miss out on their broccoli cheddar appetizer. This is a neighborhood hot spot!笑
Still a 5.  Went Friday night with friends for beers and wangs (we all had our usuals) and returned today with another friend and tried the fried pickles.  YUM!  Different.  Usually fried pickles are pickle chips, but DD's deep fries spears in a slightly spicy crunchy batter and is served with either ranch or hot ranch (I went with ranch as I had ordered some Honey Hot wings).  We went early and the football crowd started to roll in as we were set to leave.  Plenty of big TV's were rolling in preparation for the ball games  I love the wait staff who keeps your drinks filled and checks on you without hovering.  My absolute favorite local dive.笑
We were in Charlotte the other night and needed a quick meal before heading home.  In short, the night had been busy and the service suffered because of it.  I would try them again because they served up the best Jamaican style wings I've had in some time.  The chips weren't bad either.笑
I sat at this establishment after driving out of my way and it took 5 mins before even getting drink orders. The waitress/bartender literally dropped the drinks down on our table and kept moving. After I motioned several times that we were ready to order I watched our waitress/bartender take several to-go orders, chat it up with other patrons and never once did she come over and take our food order. We waited 30+ mins. before I just walked out my sister stayed but I refused to eat here. People had come and gone that's how long we had been waiting. NEVER AGAIN! And bet your bottom I'll make sure to leave my experience on every website I can find! Absolutely ridiculous!

I get that there were only two servers working but it wasn't terribly busy if she had enough time to do all that other stuff that she couldn't stop 2 mins to take our order.

Update: She told my sister it was a misunderstanding. She thought we weren't ordering anything. That she thought we were waiting on laundry (BULLS***!). Why would I tell you I was trying to pull the menu up on my phone if I wasn't planning on ordering? And in what establishment does a server not come back and ask if you want more to drink or want to order anything even if they aren't sure you plan to order? Try again with someone who might believe that lie!笑
From the outside, and maybe even when you first walk in, it seems like a total hole in the wall! But don't let that fool you! They are awesome. Great, great food, friendly staff and great prices. My favorites are the mild wings, their cheeseburger and their french fries! My boyfriend says the Oyster Po Boy is the best he's ever had (which surprised us considering we're not near the coast!). And lately, my teenage son keeps asking if we can come back because he loves their bacon cheeseburger! HIGHLY recommend this place!!笑
DD peckers had always been known for their wings. Their beer selection is lacking for sure. Also we waited 40 minutes for wings on a slower night. The wings tasted great and were fresh, but they charge way too much for wings when they aren't really that much better than any other wing joint in the area. I won't be going back any time soon other than for a beer.笑
First place I ever had a fried pickle. Damn good stuff. The wings are also really good, they offer quite a few odd flavors, but all the ones I tried are very good even combined. I think the Hawaiin and hot teriyaki or something like that is the best. This is like the one place if we are driving to around or through Charlotte, we have to stop :) 
Ps: You guys are lucky, we dont have fried pickles in Miami. and if you can find them they suck and are the chip version.笑
Holy amazing wings! This is like s little hole in the wall but the best wings. For lunch usually there is a wait and there is literally one waitress working her butt off and you always have the best service! Would highly recommend this place for wings!笑
Thank you yelp for some of the best wing flavors I've ever tried. 

Go with a group of friends and order as many different types as you can. I tried hoisin honey, hot gold, and cajun rub - they were all really delicious. I can't wait to come back here.

Staff is friendly and served us drinks while we wait for our to-go order.  They even gave us napkins when they saw us sneak off a couple wings from the box as we were paying.笑
I didn't have high hopes for this place, but wow. We live pretty close to it so we frequent the place. The food is always good and the service is always fast and kind. I love the southern wings and house made chips, but everything I've tried has been great.笑
I had the sampler with gold, spicy ranch, spicy garlic, Cajun and lemon pepper wings. The wings were fresh and great flavor! Monday was $3 foreign bottles...It local establishment...I am weak for a dive and local 1 of 1 places...I'll take those over mainstream restaurants笑
Man......the staff was pleasant, attractive, tolerant,  (even as they were closing!) 

The Fried Corn is KILLER! (n I'm orig fr Ohio!)

Overall very nice folks and good food!

(But Really Now; get some fried corn! You Can Thank me later!)

One nice bunch of folks even gave me a "birthday cupcake" as I was leaving! (Danka!)

Cool Joint!笑
I live right across the street and have ordered take out from here a few times. The food is excellent! Every time my order has been correct and delicious. However, the staff has never been very friendly, especially on the phone. They've never been rude, just not as friendly as you expect in the hospitality business. That being said, I will definitely continue to order take out!笑
What to say about this dive wing place. A bit hidden off Park Rd Ext in Pineville but once you are there, it's legitimately a great wing place. Is it a dive? Yes. In need of a refresh? Yes. But then again, that's why it is a dive bar. However, in my opinion some of the best wings in town. THE best fried pickles for sure. We had fried pickles---piping hot and you gotta give them a few minutes to cool off. Wings--we did 10 hot and 5 bbq---extra crispy. The hot were a fantastic hot--just what you expect--saucey and HOT. Even the bbq were a bit spicey, or was carryover from the HOT? Also had fries--nothing to write home about. Crinkle cut fries served right from the fryer. The Philly was good too. Bread was way better than I expected, beef was well seasoned. 
Overall, great food and definitely a place to check out.笑
I would give it 5 stars but we did not have a great waitress. The food is amazing. We ordered 25 wings, cheese fries, and fried spear pickles.  Love the grilled wings笑
I didn't actually intend to go to DD Peckers Wings.  I was looking for a different restaurant when stumbled across it.  It was on my bookmark list to try, so rather than waste more time looking for the other place, I stopped in there.  I was glad I did.  The place is pretty much a dimly lit dive bar & grille type place.  I ordered some onion rings to start with a and 10 wings with the hot sauce.  My onion rings came out pretty quick.  The rings hand made, hot out of the fryer, with just the right amount of grease.  They were thin with the batter just about falling off and very, very tasty.  They reminded me of the onion rings that my family used to get when we went out to the local fried chicken joint on Sundays as a treat.   I had a little bit of a wait after I finished the rings before my wings came out, but my waitress kept my drink filled.  The wings were a pretty good size and well coated with sauce.  They were steaming hot, temperature wise, and spicy hot flavor wise.  Usually when I order hot it is more like a medium to my palate, but these were truly hot on my spice meter.  The only negative I could find was that they were a little over cooked, but not by much so I couldn't give them 5 stars.  This place is pretty hidden in a strip mall and you'd probably drive right by if you weren't looking for it.  But my recommendation is to look for it and you won't be disappointed.  The price is also very reasonable, $7.50 for 10 wings with a wide range of sauces.  I'm definitely going back there.笑
D D Peckers' wing shack is a small family run wing spot hidden in Pineville, NC.   The fried pickle spears complimented with blue cheese dressing are an excellent companion to their arsenal of flavored chicken wings!
Don't be discouraged by the tinted windows. D D's is great with awesome value.笑
Wonderful wings. Hot and spicy! Great homemade chips. The wait staff is fun and informative. Excellent, fun time. Love the hot ranch wings.笑
Best wings in Charlotte... Try the Hot Ranch or the honey hot bbq.  The onion rings are great also!  Trivia night is fun... The owner usually calls it out and no guest can hide from his crazy offbeat wit.  Usually a good crowd for Monday night football and such and Golden Tee while you wait笑
Absolutely some of the best wangs I have ever put in my mouth. Great hole in the wall!笑
THE BEST WINGS IN CHARLOTTE!  Hands down - was there yesterday and ordered 15 wings with 'hot gold' sauce made extra crispy.  The wings were a great size and the blue dipping sauce was great.  Tons of celery came with the wings.  They serve krinkle-cut fries here covered with a spicy salt - delish.  Just wish this place was closer to uptown.笑
We came here while searching for the "best wings in Charlotte." I had high expectations for d.d.'s after reading these yelp reviews. It is not easy to find if you don't know what you are looking for. Once we got there, we decided to go with the wings platter. One or two of the wings were decent, the rest were forgettable. Perhaps if I hadn't read reviews and came in expecting mind-blowing wings, I wouldn't be so hard on them. It wasn't a waste of money, but our search for great wings in Charlotte continues.笑
I'm gonna do you a favor... come here and order 10 'honey hot' flavored wings.  Then go on yelp and thank me.  

Take it from a guy who isn't exactly a "die hard chicken wing fan" nor do I enjoy spicy food... these honey hot wings are awesome.  Just the right amount of everything.  The restaurant is easy to miss... it's in a strip mall between the Firestone and Laser Quest.  

Can't wait to go back!笑
It's a dive, but it has the best wings in town.  Go for 5 x 5 sample platter and you won't be disappointed.笑
The wings here are hands down the best I've had outside of Buffalo. It might look like a hole in the wall, but that only adds to the appeal once you've eaten here. Tons of flavors and great sides make DD Peckers our go to for game day food.笑
Great ranch, good wings.  Not five star because last time I got to go there was a hair in my food.笑
A total dive with fantastic wings. 

They have other options, of course (typical bar fare: sandwiches, wraps, and burgers) but none hold a candle to the wings. To me, the sides are nothing special, either. 

The wings are the star for good reason--they're a good size, slightly crispy, generously sauced, and the price point is great. They have a huge variety of sauces, and I don't think you can go wrong with any of them, but my favorite is Hot. 

The space is relatively small and the parking lot is kind of awkward, so if you're thinking of catching a game here make sure to arrive early. D.D. Peckers also does a great job with carry out if that's more your style.笑
Found this gem while I was traveling. I am originally from south of Buffalo so I take wings serious. This place was great and the wings were awesome.  Not to mention the staff was great!  I highly recommend this place. Been on the road for 4 days and this was just what I needed. Cold beer and hot wings. If your looking for that corner bar feel with good food, cold drinks an great people this is it.笑
Best wings the wife and I have had in quite awhile. Staff was friendly and efficient.笑
All of their wings are very good but my favorite are the honey hots.... BEST EVER! Great hole in the wall place to grab a  beer and wings. Great service and the food is always hot and fresh. The place is hidden but I am glad I found it. You will not be disappointed.笑
BEST WINGS & NACHOS IN CHARLOTTE!!!! They also have the best blue cheese dressing to dip the wings in. So So Good!!! My favorite wing flavors are Garlic Parmesan & BBQ!! I regret I never tried DD PECKERS sooner than we did but this is now our go to place for wings & nachos!!笑
If yur a pub sports bar food fan this is one of the best ! Food is great. Good craft beer selection only one problem. Small笑
IMO these are the best wings in Charlotte and I have tried a bunch of places that claim to be great.  It's a hole in the wall in a strip mall but they know how to make some fine wings and that's why the place is always busy.

By far their best sauce is the Hot Gold.  Try your wings extra crispy with this warmy tangy sauce and some blu cheese to dip them in and you can't go wrong.  Very affordable as well.  A basket of seasoned fries will run you about $3 and their side salads are always fresh and tasty!  

The wings are so good I almost hate to review this place as I don't want it to become too popular!  Do yourself and your taste buds a favor and stop in and try the Hot Gold.  The Hot Ranch isn't too shabby either!笑
I work not too far from this establishment and the first place one of my new coworkers brought me (to welcome me to the family) was DD Peckers.  He goes to this place for lunch AT LEAST every other week, and he brings a car full of colleagues every time.  I like the wings a lot and I'm setting up an online order now to do a pickup for dinner.笑
My kids and I love the homemade potato chips.  Those are a must. I recommend the wings with gold sauce. It has just enough of a zip. Also love the selection of beer on hand.笑
So, I've been to this place a few times, Probably 10 or 12 times in the past year, so heres a review thats Real, Reliable, and Ready for you to read. 

93 Cleanliness! 

Ok, lets let down to business, So, I read somewhere when I first moved here in July, that DD Peckers was the best wings in Charlotte, I decided to try it and man, the flavors of these wings are awesome, I've tried most of them. here is my Pros and Cons list. 

Pros - Cause i always like to start with the good
1) The wings here are fresh and cooked to order, they ALWAYS come out hot, Crunchy and full of flavor. this SEEMS to be the standard around here. anything from appetizers to Wings is always hot off the press just like you like it. 
2) The staff here is very friendly, and very accommodating. half this flavor, half that flavor, 2 ranch on the side, all drums. Never a problem.
3) Cool atmosphere, Im gonna upload some pictures but they have a wall with license plates from all over, A nice bar, and Plenty of TV's for your sports coverage!

Cons - 
1) Location matters and it was hard to find this place the first time i went to it. Its off of Park Rd at the corner of Park Cedar DR , Between the CVS and Cook Out, BEHIND the Marathon Gas Station and Dynasty Cleaners. 
2) It Looks kinda Shady, nothing on the doors and all Blacked out Windows. 
3) It's kinda small, 12ish tables and some seating at the bar, but if you come on a game night or at dinner time any night, you'll wait a while. 
4) Bathrooms fill up with trash rather quickly.
5) I think they hand wash they're cups, a couple of times I've got a glass with some residue on it, but they happily always bring me a clean glass. only happened twice.
6) Coke Products but no Coke Zero :(  (Personal Vendetta)


This place is AWESOME, I go at least once a week and will continue to be a regular. 

Get Charlottes Best Wings at DD Peckers笑
This place is a great dive. The wings are my favorite in Charlotte with a wonderfully-flavorful sauce and not too expensive. Don't expect great service though if there is a crowd.笑
First time here. It's 230 on a Saturday afternoon. The place was packed. Ordered 25 of the famous wings. They came out in less than 10 minutes. Ordered    the hot sauce on half and the pepper flavor was different but all in all the flavor was awesome and had the garlic Parmesan on a few and they tasted great as well. Will definitely come back.笑
I ordered lemon pepper wings but I swear that's not what I got. It was late and I was in the mood for some wings so of course I got on yelp, and this is one of the first places that came up so I gave it a try. It was my first time there so I was already nervous. I looked at the wings when she gave them to me but it was dark b/c the place is more of a hang out at night so I couldn't really tell if they were what I ordered or not but it did smell good. So I get home and I'm eating them and I'm enjoying them but then I realize it was not what I ordered. Lol. By then it was too late cuz I had already eaten half. And I still dunno what kind of wings they were which sucks b/c I liked them and now I can't order them next time. Lol笑
Kind of a hole in the wall, older place, but I came for the fried pickle spears I saw advertised on Yelp.  They have yummy home made ranch and the breading is crispy and has a good flavor and they use Clausen pickles- or at least that's what they look like.  I haven't tried anything else, except a side salad, which was good.笑
This is the best place for wings 2 of my favorites are honey mustard an southern . The honey mustard wings are cooked perfect n the sauce is a creme base yum. The southern wings are like a fried naked chicken wing w a side of gravy . Their fried pickles are to die for they are spears not chips an add some cheese fries perfect Friday nite meal笑
Best wings ever... Try the hot gold delicious... The fried pickles and fried oysters aren't bad either....笑
This place is definitely a dive but I can't say its not delicious. The wings aren't as scrawny as most places I go to;they are actually good meaty wings.The hot garlic is probably my favorite sauce because I can't get it anywhere else. The fried zucchini is also awesome. Service and food is great but the atmosphere could use some work.笑
Great wings, cool dive atmosphere loud and brash...nice experience. Service is meh....food comes out pretty quick, and beers are nice and cold. If the waitresses cared a little more I would consideration last star. The gold, hot and garlic Parmesan were all good...try the sampler if it's ur first time笑
Delicious wings and sauces are awesome! Atmosphere is a bit like a dive... The staff is extremely friendly and quick. A great lunch.笑
Pretty decent wings for the price. Tons of flavors to choose from. The staff is ok when it comes to politeness, but in the long run the wings and the beer specials make it worth it.笑
We stopped here while in Charlotte after finding decent reviews for this place on Yelp.  I LOVE wings, and am always excited to try new places, especially one that offers so many flavors.  We ordered the 25 sampler wings, consisting of Mild, Hot Garlic, Hot BBQ, Cajun and Hot Gold.
Somehow I didn't get the Hot Garlic and ended up with more Hot Gold.
The Cajun was a dry rub and I liked it. The Hot Gold was a southern style BBQ which I didn't really care for. If you like BBQ sauce on your wings, try it. I don't....     My daughter got the Hot Garlic and she said they were okay. It looked like they dumped way too much actual minced garlic on top of them.  My daughter had the lemonade. She said she doesn't know what sewer water tastes like, but she was pretty sure this was it. The sodas were very seltzery.  Service was a little slow, but it was Saturday during dinner, and it was packed.  We all ended up with stomach pains that night, especially my wife who was up all night.
I thought it to be a fluke, until I read other reviews below mentioning stomach pain.  I'm not sure if it was too much seltzer from the sodas or what, but it was enough that my wife won't let us go back.

I don't like judging places on one visit, and with the crowds, I'm assuming people getting sick isn't the norm. Give it a try. The wings are huge and if you live locally, I'm sure you'll end up finding your favorite sauce.

Good Luck!笑
In for bowl game. Awesome wings. Great fries. Good beers. Awesome service.  Highly recommend.笑
I love d.d. Pecker's! There wings are the best! Don't let the divey location scare you away! Great little bar, always has great service - one of our favorite places in Charlotte.笑
So now I'm hooked on the lemon pepper wings. Hot gold are still the staple for my husband, so I always steal a few of his too;) this place never disappoints. I hear the Panthers players love it too. I'm always up for a NFL player sighting!笑
We've ordered wings here twice - to go, so I can't comment on the dining establishment itself. Wings are the main attraction, and thus I expect more than average. At best, the wings are decent, and a bit overpriced. Teriyaki and Gold are good. Cajun, Hoisin, Hot... very much over salted. In fact, most of the wings here are too salty. But the pièce de résistance? It's the customer service - namely, the guy who answers the phone. He's horrid. I know, it's the weekend, and you're busy. I don't expect small talk, or even a smile. Heck, I don't even mind curtness. But, I draw the line at snotty sarcasm. But hey... if snotty sarcasm whilst taking your order is your thing? Then DD Peckers is your spot. However, there are too many other great places for wings (I'm looking at you, Moosehead Grille)! Fool me once, shame on you and all that.....笑
It's a decent place! Great wings,fries.
Have been here many times, good service.
My favorite are the honey hot/hot/garlic hot wings and big basket fries.笑
Awesome wings and sauces. Small place that is in desperate need of a makeover. Other bar food is good. The staff is friendly and food is always quick.笑
One of Charlotte's best hole-in-the wall restaurants I've tried. Located in a strip mall, it's a little hard to find this gem, but worth looking. Of course, their wings are great. Other than that it's typical bar food, but the chili is amazing if you want to try something new. Everything I've tried has been tasty. What keeps people returning is a locals bar atmosphere. A small staff that work hard is always something to admire and return for. I've been going here for the last few years and the same people are working, the food is still delicious, and the atmosphere hasn't changed. "You wanna go where everyone knows your name" kind of place.笑
The service was okay, but lacked any caring attitude at all!!  Half answered questions and the bonless wings all had nasty gristle in most bites, fried whole pickles, the only thing I enjoyed were the fries and my company!  I hope not to eat here again!笑
Sold on the Gold - Hot Gold wings and the gold medal for the: 

The Best wings in Charlotte...Best.  You don't have to ask for crispy they come out with the slight crisp and a solid amount of sauce.

Hot Gold - Best.  Drop the microphone.

I am here at 9:00 on a Friday and this place has been slammed for hours.  The difference maker vs. other solid wing places is that the staff and cooks have been here for years and years.

Great service too..笑
The wings are very good for a great price.  I love the honey hot, better then most wing spots.笑
Best wings in town! My husband and I ordered the wings sampler that had 25 wings and 5 flavors. I definitely recommend the hot gold, garlic parm, and regular hot. I also ordered the spice onion rings as an appetizer and would order them again. 

It's a small place within a strip mall with 10 to 15 tables max.笑
Being advertised as a wing place, i got the teryakki wings and they were very salty and not that good i would say.  The 3 stars are for the BBQ Bacon cheeseburger, very good beef and tastes good.笑
Oh man oh man oh man. If you know ANYTHING about wings, and you live in Charlotte, then you ABSOLUTELY POSITIVELY MUST know about D.D. Peckers, and if you don't, then you will quickly learn the value of such a wonderful place. 

This hole in the wall is a welcoming sort of place, despite it's surroundings. And by welcoming, I mean, roll-your-sleeves-up-grab-a-cold-one kind of welcoming. It is a hive for sports fans, trivia nerds, and wing aficionados alike. 

Three flavors to go for- Blazing (if you are a spice fanatic), hot gold, and honey hot. It is so awesome to eat a non-Texas Pete soaked wing in a world full of them. They obviously make their own buffalo sauce, or if they don't, they stole nectar from the gods. Bangin' and I mean BANGIN flavors.  Ordered a side of fries, which were crispy and seasoned. Blue cheese is made in house, and it's thick and chunky and wonderful...also a hard feat to come by. 

Just simply do yourself a favor and go. Don't dress up, don't use a fork and knife, you will get strange looks from people like me if you do! ;-)笑
I am a wing fan and I've been going here for years one of the better places in Pineville and in Ballantyne to get good wings.
Parking can be bad but normally you find a spot right up front.笑
They're okay, definitely not the best in Charlotte. It takes a while to even be acknowledged as it's self seat. 

I order the "hot" wings and they're pretty good. My partner got lemon pepper and BBQ, there was almost no lemon or pepper on them, the BBQ ones were burnt to a crisp. Disgusting. 

There has only been one waitress both times that we've gone.笑
I met up with a friend for lunch because I saw one of my facebook friends check in here one day.  They commented on how good the wings were. So, I made a mental note to try them out.

I entered the restaurant and greeted my friend.  The waitress (a blonde lady) came over to take my drink order.  She delivered it promptly.  She came back to take our order and once our order came up and she delivered it to the table we NEVER saw her again.  She never returned to refill our drinks or even ask if we needed anything.  

There was a guy passing our table, so I stop him and said, "Excuse me sir, I know you are not our waiter, but.."  He abruptly interjected, "Well, I guess I am now, what do you need?" So, I asked for a refill of my drink and he brought it back to the table without saying a word.  

So, we are waiting.....and waiting....and waiting....almost afraid to ask for the check.  My friend says to him, "May we have our check?"  He states we have to come over to the bar to pay. 

To make matters worse he acted like it was hurting him to talk to us, like we were bothering him.  BUUUUUUUUUT, was chatting it up with the older WHITE gentleman at the table next to us.   

I hand him my debit card, he runs the card and then THROWS it into my open hand.  I HAVE NEVER, EVER HAS SUCH A BAD EXPERIENCE IN MY LIFE!!!!! I am standing there staring at him like, NO YOU DID NOT!   I DID NOT leave any tip, and I also took a picture of my receipt just in case they tried to charge a tip on my card.

The food was sub par and the customer service was non-existent!   I will never go there again and I don't recommend it to anyone else.  Especially if you are not of the European decent!   

Treva H.笑
Listen, I'm not a big chicken wing fan.  Yes I like chicken wings but my tastes aren't well tuned in enough to discern good wings from bad.  That being said, I think D.D. Peckers is A-OK!  I still like the home town feel of the place, the non chicken wing food is actually really good to.  I tried the shrimp salad (was a bit sad to see it come out fried).  It was actually really good though.  Beer specials could've been a little bit better and the selection is a little lacking for me but either way this is a solid 'hood bar with great servers.  Make sure to check out the license frames on the wall for a good laugh.笑
These are hands down the best wings in Charlotte. No comparison. I always order the wing platter to get 5 different flavors because I literally have yet to try a flavor I didn't love. Definitely worth the trip out here every time.笑
We went here looking for really good wings. Greatly disappointed. We asked the waitress for her recommendations and she essentially told us all the wings were good. We then asked which were the most popular and she gave us some flip answer. The place was not crowded so there was no reason for her behavior. 
I will say that I gave this place 2 stars since the service was incredibly quick but the wings are NOT the reason to go there.笑
This spot looks like a serious dive, but if you like Chicken, Wings, Apps and Great Food, then this is a must stop! Love the Buff. Chicken Sandwich with homemade bluecheese!! Can't wait to try the Wings. Love this spot!!笑
Awful. The lemon pepper wing sauce is black for some reason and it tastes like soy sauce. The fried pickles are mediocre at best. The pickle spear slides right out of the fried exterior leaving you with just a really hot pickle. It's a the very definition of a dive, lots of dank inside, bad music. It's an all around nightmare really笑
I really hope these aren't "Charlotte's best" wings. After all the positive reviews, it seemed like the place to go for wings, but I was highly disappointed. We ordered a 25 wing sampler, and the Hawaiian and Hoisin can only be described as bad. The Hot and BBQ were average at best. Definitely not good enough to warrant a return trip.笑
Food is great, too bad I can't say the same of the employees. Poor customer service!!! Waitress dropped menu on the table. Yes, dropped it didn't fall. Also, gave us someone else's ranch with our order and didn't even apologize. Once you arrive they don't greet you , so sit where ever you would like. Horrible.笑
I was at Carolina Place and needed a place to have dinner. I found this place on Yelp and it had 4 stars. 

It's a small local place located in a strip mall. There's plenty of parking, TV's, and full bar. 

We found a table as soon as we entered and the waitress cleaned it pretty quickly. The menu has lots of burgers, wraps, and wings (lots of flavors) available. 

I ordered the chicken breast strips on a stick and a side salad. My husband ordered wings in Caribbean flavor and raw fries. The food was just ok. Nothing spectacular. Service was ok too. 

I ordered the mild sauce on the side of my chicken breast strips. Personally I think it had a little too much vinegar. The Caribbean sauce my husband had was better. We flagged the waitress down (took a few minutes) and I ordered the honey mustard sauce to replace the mild sauce. It was a little better. 

Guess you can just say, dinner was ok. Nothing more.笑
After recommendations of my fellow Yelpers, I had to try dd peckers for their wings.

The wings are really good here and definitely one of the best places in Charlotte.  The wings are big here and the chicken is moist and flavorful and not fried to a crisp like many places.  The Hot Gold flavor is very tasty as others have mentioned.  Love the mustardy flavor to it because I LOOOOVEE mustard anyway I can get it.  

The place is small and it's not fancy, pretty much a neighborhood bar that serves food,..good food at that.  For your other enjoyment there are about 10 TVs around the restaurant, 2 video games in the front and a jukebox to the other side of the door.

I sat in the bar area..  The bar stools were very uncomfortable and could use some updating. 

Service was spot on considering there were only 2 people working the front.

Price wise, I paid $14 for 15 wings and a tea.  Not too bad considering the size of the wings.笑
Little bar with 1 server handling all tables. She does an amazing job though, service was excellent: fast and friendly. But wings are what this place is about, and they do them quite well. Some of the best I've ever had with many options. There is a nice selection of flavors, you can get them regrilled, and the fries and sides are good. The celery was tasty but the ranch and blue cheese are a bit bland. The wings are the perfect size, not huge but a bit bigger than most places. The meat seems like a higher quality than most wings I've had. You can get many flavors by ordering 5 wings at a time: you don't pay more for the smaller quantities. I tried 3 flavors with 1 regrilled and they were all great.笑
If you like dive bars, don't judge books by their  covers, don't mind a cold domestic beer, unpretentious waitstaff and really good wings, this my friend, is the place for you.  Come as you are, park in the raggedy parking lot. Tiny place that is well worn but clean.  Get a bottle of Miller Lite or Ultra and get some wings to share try the Gold, they are excellent.  I'm not saying this is the place to bring out of town friends but there is a reason this it has great reviews.  So the next time you don't feel like putting make up on or doing your hair, give this place a try.笑
Pretty solid wings, I recommend the sweet hawaiian ones. they come out real black but don't be scared by the color. Hot gold is also pretty solid and not super hot.

I wanna go there to catch a game.笑
This was my first and last visit! I ordered the hosin honey,ginger and so called lemon pepper. This was in fact the worst wings experience. The hosin honey was god awful....it was like eating burnt wings with a bitter after taste. The ginger wings were just as bad.The lemon pepper was missing the lemon and pepper...hints to why I referred to them as so called lemon pepper. 

I wish the waitress would have informed me of the presentation of the hosin wings since I mention it was my first time visiting the establishment.I ended up tossing the wings after tasting one of each flavor. 

I couldn't believe how awful the favors were. What a waste of $15.00.笑
Read the yelp reviews before going, thanks guys. The wings were crunchy, fresh, and totally worth it!笑
This place has been on my radar for the past couple of months, but I would never find myself in the position to get to this part of town from where I live.  I did finally get to try it this past weekend, man, have I been missing out!

Don't judge a book by it's cover, this place is easily hidden away in a strip mall off of Park Rd. Extension.  It really lends itself to the whole vibe and feel of the place.  The servers are super relaxed, but you are well attended to... and it really feels like a cool neighborhood regular spot.

We tried the wing sampler... that lets you get 5 different flavors with 25 wings... we thought we would have some left over but within 30min... the plate was clean and I was super happy we decided to eat wings that evening.  On a hot kick.... so we tried the Hot Garlic, Honey Hot, Hot Teriyaki, Jerk, and Lemon Pepper flavors of wings and all of them were pretty awesome.  After trying the five I would definitely get them all again, especially the honey hot.. nice mix of sweet and fire.

My favorite part was looking a the women's restroom door and seeing a sticker that says, "I [heart] Peckers".... sorry I just reverted to a ten year old....

All in all a great experience!  Definitely need to check out trivia night and the other flavors on the menu!笑
I can't believe this place got 4 stars overall!  Maybe the stars just weren't aligned when I went.  My night started with me wanting to find a good wings place nearby that was open past 10 PM. I was also interested in my church buddys coming here on Tuesday nights when they have .59 wings because we were looking for a closer place to South Charlotte.  DDs was nearby and open, so I thought I'd check it out due to the great reviews.  I walked in and no server said a word to me.  It was pretty busy, so, I sat myself.   No biggie.  After five minutes of no one saying anything, I moved to the bar since there was someone working that area.  Again, no one said anything to me for about 5 minutes.  I finally got a hello and ordered a drink.  After this, I waited 15 minutes for the bartender to take my food order despite the fact that my menu was closed and she passed by many times.  Finally, she took my order, and after bringing it to me, I didn't hear a peep for almost an hour when I finally had to ask for my check to leave.  No refills, no "how is everything."  I can't say I've EVERY experienced that at any restaurant no matter how busy.  To top it all off, the guy announcing trivia swore like a pirate including calling some girls "b*tches" which apparently they didn't find offensive.  I find it ironic they would have a sign out front that says "A Fun Neighborhood Joint."  I guess the name of the business should have given it away.  It sounds like a male strip club or something!  Oh and I would rate the sandwich a 4 out of 10.  Nothing special.  Never again will I return...笑
Best fried pickles in town plus awesome wings. We usually do takeout. Dive bar atmosphere if you eat in. Will remain a favorite!笑
Great wing joint. I went there with my Migos for lunch. We were all impressed with the food and attentive, friendly staff.  We're definitely adding it to the rotation.笑
Best wing place in Charlotte! I've been coming here since I was in HS and it's always great and consistent. All of the flavors are great; my favorites are the Hot Gold, Blazing and Honey Hot. Along with the wings, the fried pickles are fantastic. They serve them as spears vs the normal chips you see and you have to get the hot ranch as well. Ignore the fact that it's a divey or in a strip mall, the food is fantastic and that's all that matters.笑
Best wings...loved their hot teryaki!

Small place and looks rough on the outside but inside was clean and service was good/friendly.  Lots of tvs and it was a comfortable environment.  Tried 5 different types of wings and all were excellent.  The chili cheese fries were good too.  All in all it was affordable good food.笑
I've been going here for years.  I always get the sampler platter (25 wings/5 flavors) and sometimes the fried pickles.  The quality of the food is best when it's not too busy so get here before the panthers games.笑
DD Peckers has AWESOME snack food:  Fried Pickle Spears, Wings, and Broccoli Cheese Balls/Fried Mushrooms.....Delish!!! We always get our food to go....so I can't comment on the Restaurant atmosphere.笑
I just tried it for the first and NOT the last time. I never knew it was there. Out of the way strip. So we had a half oder of the fried pickles, very good with a great crisp coating. But a half order is only 3 pieces. Also had a half order of the spicy onion rings. A good amount of thinly sliced onions but not very, if any, spice. The wings were large and meat with a really good sauce and the black and blue burger was outstanding. I also had the house made chips instead of the fries. Also very good. The fries looked like normal frozen ones. Most definitely a return visit is in order. And the service was also first rate. Just wish there was at least 1 or 2 more pickles in the order.笑
Probably my favorite place to get hot wings. Don't let the exterior fool you. Other highlights include: house made chips, oyster/shrimp Po boys & fried pickles. They serve a variety of different sauces for their wings but definitely try the hot wings! Dive bar feel with great food & friendly staff.笑
So after driving over 30mins to get here and also 1st time coming here and as soon as we open the door they say "we are closed, we lost power in the kitchen." Seriously, no note on the door or anything ughhh.笑
Best wings I've ever had, and their burgers are worth a mention as well! Everything always comes out tasting wonderful and fresh, I typically get a side salad instead of fries and I know it's silly to brag on a side salad but it's really tasty! Especially when compared to the sad excuses for side salads other places dump on my plate. They put genuine quality and effort into their food, right down to the sides, and I appreciate every bit of it! 

Their wings are top notch, though it's hard to choose a flavor, Hot gold is my go-to at the moment! But I've never had a wing there that I didn't like! 

They're a little more expensive when compared to franchised wing joints, but you're paying more for quality you can taste.笑
Excellent wings.  We like the hot ranch variety but they are all good.  The wait staff is fast and nice.  They explain all the options. Get a basket of the home made potato chips! Yummmm...笑
Waitress was super pleasant and attentive to our  needs. Had the Philly sandwiches, both chicken and steak. They tasted good! Potato salad wasn't my favorite but I'm very picky when it comes with that.
Overall nice little place for good food笑
Best wings I've had in the Charlotte area hands down. Fried pickles aren't bad either. Great hangout spot for drinks, sports or food.笑
I've gone in twice for take out. Really friendly bar staff! 

First time I got 10 wings (5 lemon pepper/5 honey BBQ). The lemon pepper could've used a little more flavor. Tasted a little plain but wasn't all that bad. Honey BBQ was delish with dripping sauce! 

Second time I got 5 hoisin honey and 5 Cajun. The hoisin honey tricked me at the beginning! They looked charred. Black. Look at the pic. Although I feel like these might have been a little overcooked on the outside, they hoisin flavor was still present and the honey drizzled over them fixed it. The Cajun was sandblasted with Cajun run. No complaints with that one. Had a really good kick to it. 

Side note: I ordered chips and salsa also. Chips were cold and stale. To be fair, I ordered these at around 10pm...

Overall I'd totally come back to taste all the other flavors!!笑
Best wings ever.

Just fantastic.  You may think twice about walking in, but will be glad that you did.

Found a great combination here, parm-garlic with a side of mild sauce is a flavor I can't do without when I go here.  Something on the menu for everyone.

Ample portions, excellent servers!

Do it!笑
I was not impressed with the chicken wings that I got. I got three different flavors and it was as if they were pulled out of the grease and not drain at all. The chicken was tasteless am I opinion. I've heard great things about the chicken wings....I guess I came on a bad evening.笑
Great hole in the wall chicken wing joint. Large variety of flavors - will need many more visits before I've tried a majority of them. An OK beer selection, and flat screens abound for watching sports.笑
So good! Wings & burgers are the best. Fried pickles & chili cheese fries are awesome too.笑
I've been on a gluttonous tour of Charlotte's unhealthiest restaurants lately. My latest endeavor was the oddly named wing joint d.d. Peckers in Pineville. I've had my fair share of wings from many a local and chain restaurants, and honestly to me they all seem very similar. Like most wing places, they have a bar, a multitude of TVs, and ample wing flavors. Something unique they offer is their fried broccoli cheese balls, which may induce a heart attack, but at least they taste delicious. Kudos to them for making their wing flavors taste distinct from each other, so many wing joints just douse their wings in different sauces and call it a day, but DD's prepares them with more effort, and my taste buds could tell. Their wings are meaty and tender, and their cheese fries are some of the best I've had. Totally worth the drive to Pineville if you're in the mood for wings.笑
We went for wings. The more I ate them the better they got. The waitress was a little slow to get our order and checks when we were done, but we also went late so I'll give her he benifit of the doubt. 

Really though, get the wings!笑
My friends took me there telling me they have the best wings in Charlotte at the best prices. Well, they were good, and not skimpy on size. The service was good enough and the waitress knew the menu. This place isnt anything to rave about though. If I lived on that street I would go back.笑
By far my favorite wing place. Don't let the strip mall exterior turn you off. This place has amazing wings at a decent price. Try the Hoisin Honey, my personal favorite!笑
Great food and they have gotten better at their service! I always get large chilly cheese fries and Parmesan garlic wings that are cooked perfectly!笑
Place is hidden but worth it! We get the sampler platter. My favorite is the hot garlic. It is so flavorful with a kick! Their ranch is awesome. French fries is fresh and always comes piping hot. Side salads are also good. Fried mushrooms are delicious. Be careful biting into them because those are also super hot too. Let it cool down or dip it in ranch first lol. My fiancé loves the hot gold flavored wings.笑
Service is good, prices are good and wing flavors are good. Try the fried goodies like mushrooms, or broccoli and cheese balls.笑
This is a hole in the wall place but their wings are the best in town. Talked this place up to my co-worker who has never been. He had high expectations and love it. If you need your wing fix this is the best place.笑
Yeah, real good wings ! Went here recently with my son after reading  reviews on Yelp. This place is definitely a hole in the wall dive, which is fine by me . We ordered the fried pickle spears and house made chips as an appetizer, which were both good, not great. The wings were what we came for ,and we were not to be disappointed. Got 3 different flavors of wings. Mild are like a traditional Buffalo wing, hot ranch and hot honey BBQ. The hot ranch was outstanding, a crunchy, spicy, ranch flavor, really good! The mild wing was also excellent. The hot honey BBQ was good, not great.

Definitely coming back again and would recommend this place to any wing lover.笑
BEST WINGS EVER!!! 
We eat here almost once a week and if we skip a couple weeks we make it up by going 4 days in a row. I love the hot honey bbq and the garlic, my bf usually gets the hot gold, but we've had almost all the flavors and you really can't go wrong. We've also ate our way through their appetizer list and can't complain about any of them, good and greasy and the prefect starter to the main meal. Surprisingly their Veggie burger is amazing, like one of the best I've ever had.

Their daily domestic drink specials are on point and great for washing down the wings. Buy one of their koozies and you'll be set!

All the ladies who work are are awesome. They each have their own thing going and bring something unique to their service. It's not fake sugar coated generic niceties and that's what makes them awesome. They're genuine and that's appreciated. 

This place can get packed esp during Carolina games and it may not be the hippest, classiest or shinest place but it is hands down my favorite wings/grab some beers place to go in Charlotte.笑
Awesome wings and very friendly bartender. Wings and sauces are home made. If I'm ever back in the area I'll definitely be back at this place.笑
I have been looking for a really good wing joint in Charlotte since I moved here a year ago. We stopped by DD Peckers and they have a great sauce selection. We had the hot gold and hot ranch sauces which were both fantastic!  We also had a grilled salad and that was good too. Our server was really sweet and attentive. She forgot to grab us some extra sauce and was very apologetic but she was so busy. Also we had so much sauce on the wings we just added that to the salad. We will definitely be back!笑
My husband loves coming here for the wings and I love coming here for the chicken tenders tossed in their golden sauce. This sauce has become my new obsession! It's sorta like a spicy honey mustard, but not too spicy, I can't handle too spicy! Oh and their fries are delicious (the fries have to be good in order for me to come back) The restaurant is in a tiny strip mall and it isn't very big inside, but it always seems pretty busy when we go. The service is good and I'm a sucker for dive-ins/bars.笑
Best chicken wings in Charlotte, no doubt! These ain't no tiny wings either, they are pretty meaty! They have plenty of different wing sauces & combinations to choose from also. My favorite are the Garlic Parmesan, but the hot gold are pretty dang good as well. I usually don't like lemon pepper, but they have a nice, unique flavor to them at DD Peckers (sorry Rick Ross, these are better than Wing Stop by far). 

The restaurant is tiny, but the service is very good and the food comes out quick which is a major plus.笑
Love thier wings!  Would give 5 stars but sometimes Thiers not enough sauce on wings.  Honey hot is so good!!! The sweet black chicken...omg....and the garlic chicken is good too笑
This place is a bit outta the way, but I'm always on the prowl for great crispy wings, with awesome house sauces, and creamy house blue cheese to dip them in.  A few people had told me to try DD's for the wings and maybe my expectations were too high.  The wings were average at best.  The place seems more interested in being a local dive drinking bar than a culinary gem focused on turning out exceptional wings.  My search continues!
Any yelpers that have the low down on really good wings, please let me know.笑
I'm a huge fan of wings. This is the first place I visited for wings since I moved into Charlotte. 
Great wings!! Variety of sources!! But this place is not family friendly environment I think. Some wings with teriyaki source was burnt from grill and my kids complained about that. Other than that, I like their wings. Probably I won't go there with my kids, but I will definitely repeat with my friends.笑
Wings A++++ OMG we tried the honey teryaki, ginger, gold, lemon pepper, and hawiann. All were fab. The place itself ok. From what I seen they have a very limited selection of liquor and a small selection beer. Sanitation rating was an 'A' at 90.0 and from what I seen it was clean. It almost looks like a bar with food. We also had the burger, quesadilla, chicken tenders, and fries. Everything was great.笑
I ordered hot teriyaki wings and cheese fries for lunch. Horrible waste of money. 2 out of the ten wings were undercooked. They were burnt. Or soggy. The flavor was so lacking. I also ordered cheese fries. If you're just going to dump grated cheese on it at least take the time to get it all melted.笑
With a name like DD Peckers, you can be sure you'll offend someone. But it's not about the name. Really. Just pretend you didn't hear it.

Finding the place can be a little bit of a chore, since it's not much to look at - either inside or out. And once you're inside, there isn't much room to move around, especially if there's a crowd. You also may not want to look too closely.

The name is actually "DD Peckers Wing Shack" - means that you ought to try the wings. So go wild. There are something like thirty flavors on the menu, from naked (in keeping with the theme of the place) to the alluring Hoisin Honey. Try them all if you are so inclined, but it might set you back a bit, a 5 wing order costing more than $4.

I'm old, but that's not cheap. At least you get the celery and dressing included, not like 10 cent wings at the bar when you have to pay extra.

The big downside is the service - it can be pretty slow, so be prepared to wait. And wait. And then wait some more. If you think you might want extra wings, order them up front, because you may not get a chance for a second order.笑
Hell yes...this place is outstanding for what it is...  The best wings in CLT and as one of my buddies once said, these folks know how to fry up some food.

Spicy onion rings are killer, homemade chips are fantastic.

I found Peckers just over two years ago on an exploratory trip when deciding if we were going to move to CLT.  I am not saying that eating there caused us to move but hell it did not hurt knowing wings like this would be in the neighborhood!  :-)笑
Great homemade blue cheese.. Great "hot" wings.. Great spicy onion rings, not heavily breaded and seasoned well! 
Staff was quick, efficient and friendly笑
I decided to give 'em a whirl after hearing about them for the past couple years.  Straight up dive located in a non-descript strip mall like others mention.  The staff was friendly, service was quick, and the prices decent.  I only ordered wings to go:  Honey Gold (too sweet for my liking) and Cajun spice (which is better when dipped in the Honey Gold sauce).  I appreciate that the wings were sized properly--not some wimpy pigeon wings, nor the pumped full of factory steroids size, either.  About what a normal chicken grows when its raised for consumption by regular folk.

Would I return?  Yes, if I lived nearby.  With so many decent wing places nearer my neighborhood, however, its probably a one-off for me.

PS:  The Ron Jeremy pic behind the bar is too funny!笑
Stopped in to watch some football on Sunday and try this place out. What a great decision! Luckily I got there early enough, this is a small little place but man was the food good! I tried the normal hot flavored wings and wow great traditional wings!

My girlfriend got the shrimp po' boy and she loved it! We also tried the chilli cheese fries and dear lord... Too good. 

Overall just a really good experience and will be getting take out for some future games! I saw on the menu they do 100 wings for $85! Sounds like a perfect party idea to me.笑
Tried DD Peckers over the weekend after a friend mentioned them.  I was NOT impressed, wings were honestly just Ok, nothing I would try again.  The broccoli bites where horrible and a waste (dry and not even really any broccoli and cheese filling at all. The fries where dry too... I don't drink but I don't think I would even go back for drunk dive bar food.笑
THE best wings I have ever had...

No seriously, I know it's in a shady area, I know it's a dive, BUT! They are the best WINGS you will ever eat. 

Justin the owner is awesome, say hi to him.笑
Best wings in Charlotte, and their other offerings (philly cheese steak, etc.) are pretty good too. Kind of dumpy inside, and in a dumpy strip mall - we just get the wings to go!  Owner and staff are good folks.笑
This place had the best wings I used to order them at least twice a week!! But I ordered from them yesterday and it just wasn't up to par. I was so disappointed in them. I was looking forward to their wings smh. I'll give them another try in the later future笑
So, this place is a dumpy neighborhood bar located in a not-so great strip mall basically in an alley. For some reason, people bring their kids to this place even though it's a bar so it's usually really noisy. The food is actually really good. The wings are delicious and flavorful as are the buffalo chicken wraps and the onion rings. They are crispy, battered and greasy just like onion rings should be. Their ranch tastes homemade and is very good. Note that this is the kind of place where the bartenders/waitresses know most folks and when we were there, we happened to be sitting in someone's "regular" booth and the group of dads were playing fantasy football with their kids (???) so we felt the need to split so the gang could sit together. So, it is a neighborhood dive bar, lots of noisy kids, good food. Service is okay at best.笑
Yesterday was my first experience at DD's. I've heard really good reviews about their wings, and I learned first hand that those reviews are accurate. I ordered the hot wings and they tasted amazing! They also seem to have good daily beer specials. Check them out!笑
First time, definitely wont be the last! Overall an incredible experience. Located in the middle of a strip mall, don't let the location or outside appearance fool you...DD Peckers is worth it.

Highlights:
- Mild Wings
- Garlic Parmesian Wings
- Blazing Wings
- Fried Pickles

Our family of 5 enjoyed every minute of this genuine wing-shack. And despite the bar & every table full of people, the service was excellent and the food was fast. This is no chain- it's the real deal.笑
Best wings around. Been a while since we had eaten here, yelped to find best wings as well as googled and this came up over and over again. 
Perfect example of a dive bar if I have ever seen one. Staff was all super nice, they all appeared to enjoy working there, family like atmosphere, lots of regulars.
Ordered the fried pickles, onion rings and the hot ranch wings. 
Had the fried pickles before, they do the spears, looooove the spears.. they were good, crunchy, salty right amount of breading. The onion rings, they were sad.. greasy, mushy... a few were crunchy and those were tasty but most were too greasy/mushy to eat. The hot ranch wings.. OMG... I woke up this morning wanting them for breakfast. The wings themselves were super crispy... even with the sauce.. the hot ranch was not hot by my standards but had really good flavor.. BF has eaten there many times, never tired and he was said he had been missing out. I will be eating here again in another week or so for sure.笑
If I want great wings I go to DD's.  You can't go wrong with anything on their menu.  You need to try their Hot Ranch.  I'm addicted to this place.  Can't wait go back.笑
Meh.  I checked this place out after reading the rave reviews on yelp and was pretty disappointed.  The service wasn't very good.  When we walked in, it took a good few minutes before someone even acknowledged us and told us to sit anywhere.  My husband and I went for the wing platter where you can get five wing flavors of five wings each.  We went with what we heard was good including the Hot Gold.  I will admit the Hot Gold was pretty good, but everything else was just mediocre.

I don't know that I would necessarily go back here with other wing joints closer to where I live, but I suppose I'd give it another whirl if I happen to be in the neighborhood.  Nothing to go out of your way for in my opinion.笑
Small wing joint hidden away in an older strip mall- but the food is great! Very popular with the football crowd and can get crowded on game nights. Lots of tvs and good viewing angles if you're there to watch. Service is quick and attentive and the wings cant be beat. I'm particularly a fan of the sampler platter (25 wings) as we like to mix and match flavors. I almost feel bad for not giving them the full 5-stars, but I have to knock one off for ambiance, as the place tends to be a little dingy and loud.笑
Great hole the wall place to grab some wings and beers!  You can get 25 wings with 5 different flavors.  All are really good and good size wings too.  Hidden gem!笑
I've been going to Peckers for years, seriously, these are the best wings in Charlotte. My personal favorite are the Hoisin honey and garlic Parmesan. They come out hot, crunchy, and full of flavor. As others have said, the place is a hole in the wall, but that's part of its charm.笑
Wings were pretty good. I will give them 3 stars. Good size and cooked perfectly. This place does define "dive" so it caused no disappointment as it came as expected. 

I got the HOT wings - they were medium to me but tasty. I got the "blazing" sauce on the side and it was not any hotter than the hot sauce. And, it didn't taste like buffalo sauce anymore so I'm glad I ordered the hot wings.笑
Best fried pickles in town, and the wings are awesome, too. Super friendly staff. Don't be fooled by the low key appearance. Go inside and have some wings and good sweet tea, and belly up to the bar next to one of the biggest cocks I've seen around here :)笑
Great wings! A few months back, I wanted to try this place just to avoid getting food from the major wing joints. I ordered pick up and by the time I got there, it was ready and hot. Got home and it tasted so good, had to go over the bones at least once. So yes please check it out.笑
I was craving wings and decided to check out DD Peckers based on my husbands co workers raving about it. Not impressed. I ended up splitting wings and a buffalo chicken sandwich with my husband and just didn't care for it. The buffalo sauce wasn't very hot and the flavor was pretty bland. Maybe it was an off night. I wouldn't be opposed to trying it again.笑
This is a really fun dive bar. It's small but has a lot of personality. The wings are killer and they usually have some good deals on drinks. This place is great for what it is笑
Great chicken flavors. Definitely a dive bar that I would go back to whenever I'm in Charlotte笑
Loved it! 
The service was great and I had three different flavors... all good! The lemon pepper was great, they put them on the grill for a little char flavor, and it was awesome. 
Some of the best wings I've ever had.笑
Wings! I am addicted. 
Here they have a sauce selection that would embarrass many so-called wing establishments. I opted for the sauce-dip all-in-one... the hot ranch. So good. Just creamy and spicy and delicious. Wings are cooked long enough here to render out some fat and crisp up.
Nice direct service as well. Got me in and out for lunch like a champ.笑
Soo this place isn't fancy but it makes for some great people watching (especially with the lovely Amy C ) and they have some damn good wings. 

My favorite were the Honey Hot BBQ. Such great flavor on them!!! And you have to try the blue cheese dressing it's totally with it...and the calories associated with it! Ha! 

I'm already looking forward to coming back...Wangs anyone?!?笑
Ordered carryout tonight and was pleasantly surprised. The buffalo shrimp app was really good but was a very small portion for $8. My husband and I split the shrimp po boy and it was huge so I'm glad we got one to share. We ordered the 25 wings with 5 sauces and could barely make a dent in them but the ones we did try were really good and had a lot of meat and sauce on each one. For this area wing joints are pretty slim and I would definitely go here over driving to BWW anytime!笑
They have some of the best wings in Charlotte. It's a little hard to spot so keep your eyes open. But it is definitely worth checking out.笑
Best wings in Charlotte! Great drink specials as well as an excellent staff. Same crew has been working here for years so you know it's a good spot. 

Can't really go wrong with any of the wing flavors; however, my favorite are Cajun and Lemon Pepper. (you have to try the Hot Gold though, it's their most popular I believe). When in doubt, go for the sampler! 25 wings, 5 different flavors. 

Don't let the shopping center fool you. This place is a gem.笑
Like wings? Alcohol? Sports? Well, do ya??? Then do yourself a favor slappy... check out this hole in the wall! 

Food - You will find your basic bar fare with a nice selection of wings including Blazing, Lemon Pepper, Hawaiian, Hot Gold, Hot Teriyaki and many more. If you're looking for a really crispy wing, then this may disappoint. But if you're looking for flavor they knock it out of the park. I have enjoyed pretty much everything I have ever ordered here. They also have good drink specials. And crushed ice!

My Staple: I usually get the buffalo chicken sandwich with the blazing sauce. It comes on a plain bun with shredded lettuce and tomato with ranch or bleu cheese on the side. (I go sans tomato)  It comes with seasoned crinkle cut fries. 

Atmosphere: There are probably about 20 tables in this place so it can tend to be pretty packed if it's after work or there's a big game on TV. Decoration is pretty basic. The TV is usually tuned to sports and they have the NFL Sunday Ticket. When the games are on there is usually some fun banter between fans of opposing teams.

Service: The service isn't the speediest when busy but they are friendly and very accommodating. 

Overall: A nice laid back place to grab a drink, catch a game and munch on some wings.笑
Amazing food and even better service! Great place to watch all of your sports too! Amazing beer selection and knowledgeable bartenders!笑
I was in town on a work trip and stuck in the suburbs away from downtown Charlotte. My flight got in late and DD Peckers was one of the only places open after 10PM that wasn't closing in the next 30 minutes.

I hate to admit it, but I was not expecting much when I rolled up to this spot. If anything, I was expecting cheap beer and decent wings.

The wings were described as jumbo, and that an order of 10 is usually a good meal. I got 10 wings and a half order of the chili cheese fries. 

The chili on the fries was really good. It was chili with beans, which I prefer, but I know it's not everyone's favorite. The fries were pretty tasty with tons of cheese and chili. Definitely eat them with a fork.

The wings were the star, for sure. They were not breaded and they were very crispy, without being over cooked. The sauces were spicy and tangy (I forgot which two flavors I tried, but they were very good). I remember one of the sauces was peppery instead of tasting like tabasco. I really enjoyed that one. It was definitely worth it.

If I'm ever back in town, I'd go back for sure.笑
Swung in for lunch, this was my first time visiting this establishment.... The wings were fantastic.   They had me lickiing my fingers in glee....  I had the lemon wings with the hot gold sauce...  Culinary work of art....  As Arnold would say, , ''I'll be back''笑
Food was ok. Oyster wrap had like 2 little oysters in it. Out server was definitely cool though and made the experience nice.笑
If you are looking for some good wings, fries, fried pickes and lots of beer, this is your place.  I have been here many times and the food is always good.笑
Sure, it's Super Bowl Sunday, but taking the phone off the hook all afternoon is not cool.  Thought I would email you to let you know and your mailbox is full.  How do you get feedback from your customers?  I've been getting wings here for years and this was about all I could take.  Really???笑
Total dive but for wings in the Charlotte area - they don't get any better than the ones served @ this place. Plus, they have a Silver Strike bowling machine. Good times await ...笑
The location is sketchy at best. As I drove up and saw that it had tinted windows and the other types of stores around it, I thought I may need to bring in my gun. Food was better than average for a wing joint. It was definitely packed out for lunch. I've read so much about the wings I was excited to try. They were good.. I would not say the best in CLT. What I did really enjoy was the Shrimp App. I'll be back but I won't make a special trip to do so.笑
We have been here few times and never in my life have I been in a place of business that blatantly targets a table of paying customers for their race and their heritage. A group of us sat, not bothering anyone, trying to have dinner, when we were attacked by the owner of the restaurant for being Asian. When we called him out on it, he just continued on. He even finished the night by saying " I will be here next week but that table won't be." What a terrible waste of space.笑
Not impressed

Visited dd Peckers about a week ago and while nice, not outstanding.

My wife had the Chicken Philly and while not great, nothing to write home about.

I had the Buffalo Chicken Sandwich with the Blazing Sauce.  You would expect with blazing, it would be very hot but not the case. Never once had to wipe my brow from sweat and a good medium hot at best.

Still a nice place to go and a dive restaurant but still a good option. Just not a first choice.笑
Found this place by accident after pulling over to take a phone call. Didn't expect much based on the appearance of the place but thought I'd have a snack anyway. I didn't try the wings but I did try the fried mushrooms with ranch dipping sauce. They were fantastic, tastes just like grandma's. Came back the next day for another taste.笑
Horrible wings!  We tried the Hoisin Honey wings....HORRIBLE....the garlic parm wings....okay, and lemon pepper...less than average!  However, the onion rings were good.  Not sure what the hype is all about, but after eating the wings, both myself and my husband had tummy and headaches!  Will NOT be returning......EVER!笑
Spot-on wings for Charlotte.  I'm rarely on that side of town, but when I am I always try to stop through.  Ordered some take-out(but have eaten in many times) wings for watching football playoffs today.  Got hot-gold, every one of them.  Nice crunch, great flavor(mildly mustardy), with a good amount of heat.  The heat doesn't blow your doors off, sorry all you masochists out there.  Not extremely cheap, but you can't really find 25 cent wings anywhere anymore.

As far as the "restaurant" goes, its pretty much a dive bar in a strip mall.  Just telling it like it is.笑
Fact: I sing to myself, "I'm in love with a strip mall" when I come here. This is of course inspired by the great poet T-Pain. It may not look like much, but DD Peckers is a great hidden gem.

I like a lot of the sauces here, so for me it's hard to pick just one. The sampler platter is a great option if you have a few people with you. Twenty-five wings and you can do five different flavors. Hot flavors always win for me when it comes to wings. The heated versions of gold, garlic, honey, teriyaki are all great. Hoisin may sound odd for wings, but it's really delicious. 

The fried pickles here are spears instead of chips. WIN. I wish everyone would vote spears when it comes to menu decision making involving fried cucumbers soaked in evil. I also like that you can do most of the starters as a half order instead of a full. I don't think the broccoli cheese balls are made in house, but they are a nice little nibble.

Parking can be kind of difficult in this shopping center. I think that may be a blessing a disguise. I mean, I need that little walk after eating that many wings and fried things dipped in ranch.笑
Wings the way they were meant to be! We take out from here a couple of time a month or whenever I'm in the mood for some wings! It reminds of a lot of the places I would go for wings back in WNY. My order is always ready when I arrive (about 15min) no matter how busy they are. 

I usually order the traditional hot wings. These pack a little heat behind them! Recently, upon recommendation from one of the waitresses I ordered from, I've tried the Hot Gold... they're the reason I'm sitting down to write this review! It takes a lot to convert this former Western New Yorker wing snob to something other a regular hot wing!笑
Great wings and a fantastic buffalo chicken sandwich!
The place is a dive but fun.笑
Went here for the first time during lunch.  There was a decent lunch crowd and the speed of service was average.  The place had 2 classic arcade games and several large HDTVs and probably would be great place to enjoy a sporting event. 
It's a friendly little spot that offers a lot of different flavors of your favorite wings.  We tried the 5 flavor sampler and thought the Honey Hot and the Hot Gold flavors were the best. The others flavors were tasty, but slightly on the salty side.   
They don't offer a special "wing night" like other similar establishments, but they appear to be doing fine without that type of promotion (although it would be nice if they did offer it).  Another thing they didn't offer were some wet naps! 
Overall, it was a good experience and I would return just to try out their other flavors.笑
My wife and I are in town to check out the area and see if we want to relocate here. We are both from the Midwest and always look for a place that has good wings, a low key atmosphere, and plenty of tv's with college football on. This Place has all of that. Friendly workers, great wings, and lots of tv's. If we do move here we will be back笑
The BEST wings around!!! Great beer specials and the staff is outstanding. For a wing joint their burgers are VERY good as well笑
Off the hook wings!!!! Don't be scared... Order the sampler (25 wings) and get 5 different flavor a. ( there are 26 to choose from!) service is FAST and great!!! #thisplacerocks!笑
Ohhh DD Peckers - the Wednesday night trivia SPOT.  The owner, Justin, is a riot.  This place has a dive feel with KILLER wings - just make sure you get them well done! NOM.  Everything is good though - fried pickes, salads, cheese fries, you name it.

As for trivia night - every Wednesday at 8:30PM.  Get there a little early to get a seat and order some grub.

Just an age warning - the trivia is raunchy and oh so fun.  Don't bring your kids.  Come to get your drink on, relax and have a good laugh with Justin on the mic.

This place is a blast.  Definintely recommend checking it out!笑
Absolute best wings in Charlotte!! My favorites are the hot honey BBQ and hot gold. I usually just do take out, but the staff is always friendly.笑
Extremely decent wing-noms, and great prices. I'd had D.D's before on take-out, but was reminded of it when we needed a place to have a continuous stream of food and alcohol while watching the first U.S. World Cup game. D.D. Pecker's it was. 

Service this time around was a very helpful, bouncy, sweet girl who obviously knew nothing about soccer, but would cheer and boo when the crowd did anyway, and do so while still being attentive. Definite top rating for service. The drinks were strong, which was great. Also, they held no qualms with experimenting to make my favorite drink (Grateful Dead). 

The wings, as always, were delicious. I can't handle hot too well, but the Cajun is still flavorful, and I'm a fan of the Gold. My new favorite and new experience was the Hoisin Honey, which was amazing. Crunchy, blackened, and flavorful on the outside, moist and sweet/nutty tasting on the inside. If you've been on the fence about them, trust me when I say that while they're not your traditional wing flavor, they are yum. 

We also ordered some onion rings, which were good, but unfortunately we had to leave the bottom layer since there was a large puddle of fry grease floating there. 

Great place to watch the game, and has a great atmosphere. Yeah, perhaps a dive, but for those of you out there who are dive-lovers, this place is clean, friendly, and has great food and good drinks while you watch the game. Pull up a stool.笑
I was very disappointed tonight with my hot teriyaki wings. They were burned and had no flavor. I should have went with the hot gold, but I was in a different mood tonight. I am a huge wing fan afficianado, because its in the flavor. I am still hooked on Louisiana Lickers from Quaker Steak & Lube (there's 1 in Pineville now. Also Whooli's is a close 2nd with their Whooli's sauce. But since it was my 1st time tonight I will give it one more shot. :)笑
Wow. DD Peckers is a little diamond tucked away between Park Rd and Hwy 51. Stuck between other small shops and pubs, you'll want to find your way in, sooner rather than later, to try out this pub grub. 

The wings. Man. Just the plain old mild are where it's at. Big wings with tons of sauce. The Hot Gold are like Carolina Mustard BBQ meets awesome and had a lovechild. Delicious. 

The cheese fries are a little lackluster. Great fries. Seasoned well and crinkle cut. The cheese is just shredded cheese thrown on top. Not my favorite but does well in a pinch. 

The fried pickles are dank. Huge spears and generously breaded. Go for a little ranch or bleu dipping action and you're set. 

The inside is so quaint. Easy to feel right at home at the bar, one of the high-tops or a booth. Sink into the culture a bit more and come in for trivia or watch the game. Great people run this place and the product and atmosphere shine that fact forth gloriously. 

Thanks, DD Peckers. You've got my vote!笑
YUM! Delicious wings, entertaining trivia host, great prices, super service and fun customers. I used to live around the corner and went here way more often, but even now that I've moved to the clear opposite side of town I still make the trek to visit once and a while. 

The location may seem a bit odd at first, it's a strip mall hole-in-the-wall type bar with about 10 four top/3 high top tables and a bar that seats 8 or so, but if you're craving the best bar food THIS. IS. THE. PLACE!

*Favorite thing: Hot Garlic wings dipped in Ranch...or their cafeteria style krinkle cut fries, or their spicy fried pickles. Yeah, it's really just too hard to choose!笑
After reading all of the great reviews, I decided to get a good amount of wings from d.d. Peckers for my friends and I. And I totally regret doing so. I ordered a variety of Blazing, Caribbean jerk, Hawaiian, and Teriyaki. ALL of the wings were burnt. The Blazing and Caribbean Jerk were edible, however I HAD to get my money back for the Hawaiian and Teriyaki. We only tried a couple pieces of which were totally flavorless and tasted like flavorless char. While getting my money back we were given a slight attitude and agreement that the wings were "overcooked". Overcooked is an understatement - every other piece was COMPLETELY black and totally inedible. I don't know what was wrong today versus the other days when these great reviews were submitted. I will not be going back and will tell everyone I know to stay away. Oh and in addition to this, the Blazing wings are also horrible. Their idea of making wings hotter is adding a huge amount of black pepper to the wings. Why not just add more red pepper to the buffalo sauce? It's beyond me.