Ordered two of the new build-a-bowl's here.  The lady was being stingy and asked me for an original of the coupon (while there was no such thing as it is an online promotion, other locations don't even require a coupon).  Then when it came to the toppings she was trying to cheap out, giving me tiny portions and I had to remind her several times of the other toppings I had requested.

I understand some location managers yell at their staff for giving too much toppings.  I guess this is one of them.Ǿ
Harvey's burgers always been my favourite fast food burger whenever I have a burger craving and just want something cheap and quick.

This location is conveniently located just east of 404 on Major Mac. 

The staff here always been nice and cheerful. All my requests always been honoured with a smile. Pickles and pepper on the side please!

The interior though a little dim during nighttime as I could barely see what I was eating!

Good location if you want burgers and your friend wants Swiss Chalet as it is sharing the same storefront so you can order both and eat that in the Harvey's eat in area!Ǿ
Harvey's serves good burgers that's actually worth the price you're paying for. It's obviously not the best but for the value of your money, definitely worth it I'd say.

There's usually a lot of coupons that you can use at Harvey's which makes your dollar more of a value of what you're getting. I would suggest the Angus burger for a little fortune more but taste of the meat is definitely better that its regular burger.

The speed of service is usually quite fast, besides on weekends where there's a 10-15 min wait for your burger to be ready but considering that, it's still fast! You can choose between fries or onion rings when you place your order. Onion rings are the best here! Always something I get when I get a meal.

Once your burger is ready, one of the employees will assist you in choosing toppings and dressings for your burger. You can basically add as much as you want to it, making it double or even triple its size. LOL  I usually ask for extra sauce on the side so you can have a different dipping sauce then just plain ketchup. Sometimes depending on which employee serves you, you might get more or less of what you want on your burger.

Did I mention that you can also collect SCENE points when you make purchases? They don't ask for your points card but if you hand them your card as you pay, they will swipe it for you!

Overall, this is one of my favorite, quick and cheap eats on a lazy weekend. Have been there multiple of times and every time it does satisfy me when I leave!Ǿ
This location needs to re-educate their employees on food hygiene.

1) The guy topping the burgers was handed a headset by a co-worker. He put on the headset, adjusted it and went back to assembling burgers without changing his gloves. 
2) While the burger guy went to the grill counter to get my burgers, another employee felt the need to clean the toppings station immediately. She removed my burger wrapper off the counter, sprayed cleaner on the counter (without even moving the bowls of toppings out of the way) proceeded to clean and then put my wrapper back on the counter. I asked for a new wrapper when the guy came back. I don't need to be eating cleaning solution. 

With all that being said, the burgers tasted fine.Ǿ
This is pretty much exactly what you can expect from Harvey's but since it is a shared location with Swiss Chalet, they serve the Swiss Chalet fries and it tastes terrible.

Overall the place is clean and location is convenient. I think 3 stars is relatively high for fast food so this is actually a positive review!Ǿ
Not impressed. I have given this location the benefit of the doubt on more than one occasion. Don't expect a fresh hot burger from this location. I realize Harvey's is a form of fast food but for the price I expect my burger to be fresh and hot, not cooked 20 minutes before I get there and then warmed up after I order for the time it takes to toast the bun and cook some fries.Ǿ
Not impressed either, like earlier review. Messed up my order and my coworkers.. Got our condiments messed up too. He apologized quickly, but mistakes like these shouldn't even happen.. Wrong condiments? Wtf.. Lol food was still good!Ǿ
Worst Harvey's I've ever been to. Ever. Went thru drive thru, placed our order, and then he tells us to pull ahead, no price given, didn't repeat the order back to us. There's a car waiting ahead of us at the window... 5 mins later we get to the window, guy says NOTHING... NOT EVEN 1 WORD TO US, and puts the debit machine in my face! I had to then ask him how much our food is, he tells me just a min, then closes the window on us then walks away. He comes back and tells us the price, again pushes the debit in my face, when I have to almost yell to get his attention, so he can read our order back to us, he starts reading, but it's wrong, so I interrupt him to get the order right, he prints out our order and hands us a little piece of paper, he then goes and gets someone else, who then comes to the window, and tries to word things as if we are "changing" our order at the window, so I interrupt him, and make him understand that we are not changing our order at the window, we are CORRECTING THEIR MISTAKE, and to stop trying to make it like we got to the window and are now changing things. Now that they understand we're not idiots and will fight back, they decide to give us the items we ordered for free. We pay for our order, and wait some more. They finally start passing our food out, but we don't pull away, instead we start checking our bags to see if they got it correct or not, when the guy asks us if everything is ok, we tell him he has to wait while we check to make sure we got everything that we ordered, guess what? It was wrong. Once things are finally correct, we pull away from the window to a parking space, we look for our receipt so we can leave our complaint on their website, and surprise surprise, not only did they not give us a store receipt, they also didn't give us our debit receipt. We had to walk inside and ask for our receipts, which they had to dig out of the garbage cans... There was quite the pile of receipts.... I'm guessing they make a practise of not giving receipts so no one can prove how horrible this location is. I'm glad I live nowhere near this place, but at least I can warn other travellers to go anywhere else!Ǿ
Been to a many Harvey's in my day, but this one is definitely not my favourite. I will end up here if I'm getting a fast lunch between jobs as it's right beside the Starbucks I always go to. With that being said, the end product always tastes pretty good, but the overall service isn't the best. 

Always seems to be super busy at all times whenever I go, and the staff don't seem to be equipped to handle a large wave of customers. They move and work slowly, don't smile or thank you for your business, and glare at you when you ask for anything else. Not the ideal service you wanna get, even for a fast food joint. 

Luckily, the food itself seems fine. I will probably end up here again when I'm rushing between jobs, but wouldn't recommend this Harvey's location if you're specifically looking for Harvey's.Ǿ
Not a fan of their new topping selection. I guess it's part of the new healthy (or healthier) living ordeal that all fast food restaurants are attempting to rebrand too. HOWEVER, this location accepts eCoupons and distributes coupons to my home every couple of months. I love coupons. Keep em coming!!!