We got here late and they said they stayed opened for a huge party right before us. So because of that it took awhile to get menus, seated with silverware, and drink orders. They finally got us some bread, which tasted a little like toast but at least it was hot from the oven. We started off with the roast beef carpaccio which was roast beef with salad. It was good and healthy. My bf had ordered the spaghetti with meatballs which tasted and looked very homemade. All the dishes came out piping hot and the restaurant is also a deli/wine shop. It feels like an authentic mom and pop place. We purchased a bottle of wine , and they charge you just corkage fee to drink it there. For dessert we tried the chocolate chip cannoli but the cream tasted like bananas not vanilla which it should.They did make up for the slow service in the beginning by being very attentive later on and even taking my ceaser salad back quickly when I had wanted the dressing on the side. I had wanted to wrap some meat home for my dogs, and the lady gave me all the leftover roast beef and sliced that up for me also to take home. She also kept offering us loaves of bread to take home, which was a very nice gesture.笑
Love this restaurant! Every time I come here it gets better and better. The minestrone soup is to die for. Recommend for anyone who would love to enjoy a good Italian meal with the best italian servers.笑
We always have perfect service and perfect pasta here.   The arabiatta and the putanesca sauces are SO good and always the pasta is just right. The servers are friendly and attentive.   It is small, charming, and quaint.  Love this place.笑
It is nothing special IMHO, it would be just a average deli back east. The cases are not filled and the pastries are never there.  I have to say their cold are great but their lack of selection on topping i asked for sliced cherry peppers and she had to look to see if they had them then said no. I would think she would have known as soon as I asked. I had the chicken parm once and it was dry and pounded into paper thickness, the egg plant parm was also dry and scarce.Other then that it is better then subway. 
I was told the Spring Mnt store is better.笑
I can only review on the deli portion cause we didn't sit down and eat here. A good friend had pointed me to this place and it was as wonderful as he said. The guy helping us was friendly and knowledgeable.  They had a good variety of meat he let us sample. 

Pricing was low to average and the quality was there. I would like to later try dining there, because it seems everyone was quite friendly and service was good. I can't wait to make a sandwich with everything we bought!笑
I have been to Roma Deli a handful of times and it has been a pleasant dining  experience except for one time we came during their dinner rush.

We are always greeted with a fresh warm bread that is really addicting. Especially with the house salad. The salad is big enough for two . The dressing is really good and the veggies are fresh. I  had the chicken parm which was flavorful. They serve the cutlets with the pasta on the side. We had the chocolate cake and the eclair for dessert. The cake was moist and creamy. The eclair was equally delicious!

The second time we came in for lunch so we split an ittalian sandwich and their house salad. The sandwich was a great price for the size. It was about $7.50. I wasn't sure if I would like the sandwich because it looked really salty but it wasn't that bad! We had the Spumoni ice cream cake for dessert which is my favorite ! I saw a picture of this cake on Yelp and I knew I had to give it a try! It isn't always in stock though.

The third time we went was just minutes before their big dinner rush. It was so busy that we were rarely checked on. We only had 1 drink throughout the meal which was bad news for my husband because he drinks like a camel. We were promised a refill on the bread but they never got to us. It was  disappointing because it's so good! I had the sausage pasta that time. I was expecting big pieces of sausage and I asked them to put mozzarella on top. When I got it the sausage was ground up like ground beef and no mozzarella. I understand it gets busy so I didn't make a big deal out of it . I wouldn't recommend going during dinner if you are in a hurry.笑
I love this place because it is the closest thing to a true mom and pop Italian restaurant that you will find in Las Vegas.

Food is excellent. Reminiscing of NY.笑
I had a wonderful casual dinner with my father here.
The bottle of Ruffino Chianti (Riserva Ducale Oro) I chose is their store was opened right away, though I felt it needed at least an hour to breathe (in order to enjoy properly), which was unfortunate since we wanted to enjoy it with dinner. I asked if they offered decanters (in order to expedite that process)  to go with big reds such as this, but sadly they didn't... 

*I was also disappointed to find out that the wine I purchased was not in fact under a sale price (which I believed was a $35 discount), I realized this after I saw the price which I paid was the same as at Total Wine. So in fact besides the $10 corking fee which was understood, the $45 paid for the wine was not a discounted price, but in fact a regular price.

The service here is incredibly personable. Osvoldo was a fantastic and attentive server. The owner Dennis, even came to our table to greet us near the end of our meal, and sent over some complimentary dessert.

The food was so divine though, I ordered the Pesto Gnocchi topped with melted mozzarella, which was thick and creamy. It was in fact so heavy, I was only abl to eat 1/4 of it; not a problem as my fiance devoured my leftovers when I got home :) My father had been to La Scala the night before and commented how my Gnocchi was better than the one he ordered there.

My father had the Ceasar Salad; a large spectacular portion. No anchovies though :(

The Beef Carpaccio was pretty disappointing, but not enough to keep us from eating it. 

As we left, Dennis made a wonderful gesture in saying Goodbye. Roma Deli II  is a fantastic Italian eatery, and mixes casual dining with foodie pleasure.笑
Finally,  Italian food done right! Friendly waitstaff,  casual atmosphere and the best italian food I've had in Vegas so far. Good size portions and priced right.  I started with a half size ceasar salad that was not overpowering like some can be. Then had the meat lasagna that was out of this world! Add garlic bread and ice tea and was a happy person. Highly recommended!笑
My boyfriend and I went to eat here before our movie on Friday night. The service was great and the food was incredible with reasonable prices as well. I would recommend this place to anyone looking to dine at an authentic Italian restaurant!笑
I come here for pesto.  I use pesto like most people use salt, it goes on veggies, bread, pasta ect.  They also make frozen pasta including my husbands coveted gnocchi.  They also have a great deli selection, including NY favorite Boars Head.  They have in house ricotta and mozzarella, as well as all sorts of peppers and olives.  

There is a little cafe and it is nothing fancy.  It is however simple and good, not much on presentation but big on taste.  They also have arborio which apparently is hard to get here.  Whole Foods only has lundberg which is not great.笑
Still love this place...very casual atmosphere, food is always fresh.

I have tried many different entrees and have yet to be disappointed.
The fresh bread they give you is soft and tastes like it just came from the oven.

I always get a pint of marinara and a pint of Alfredo, mix and then and add it to any pasta or bread I have.
Can I say yummy!!!


Even great to go.笑
I took my date to Roma Deli on W. Sahara and I was really impressed with the quality of the food, the level of service and the overall ambiance of this neat restaurant. My date, who has Italian ancestry said that it was as authentic as they come. I had the Rigatoni Boscaiola for my entree and Wow. Trust me. You cannot go wrong at this place. I don't normally write reviews, but this place is so good that I just had to share it.笑
This is an oasis in the desert. I have eaten Italian food in Boston's north end, NYC's Little Italy, In Chicago and in a number of smaller cities all over the country. Roma Deli can hold its own with the best of them. The moment I walked in and smelled the provolone and the garlic and the sausage, I knew I was going to like it.  If you want atmosphere, go to Olive Garden. If you want good food, prepared after you order it and served steaming hot from the kitchen, go to Roma Deli, close your eyes and follow your nose. It doesn't get any better than this. Fuggetaboutit.笑
My partner and I just absolutely love this place. It's our little secret. Food is excellent, the decor makes you feel like you are actually in Rome. What a lovely restaurant. Puts other Italian restaurants to shame. The Tiramisu is to die for.笑
Went for a group lunch, and the bolognese and puttanesca were excellent. But the real star was their tivoli pasta dish, rich, creamy and dangerously delicious. It came with plenty of excellent garlic bread, and fantastic and friendly service. What more could you possibly want?笑
Oh Roma Deli. I saw a LV article recently claiming Roma Deli was one of the must try places for locals and was like "lol wut." I had been here before several times since my parents love it (which is usually a red flag), but maybe I was quick to judge the first few times.

I think I probably was because it's grown on me. The all Italian family staff is cute and gives the restaurant a nice feel. Is it one of the must try spots for locals? Lol no chance. But it's good and off the strip Italian is hard to come by.

-Antipasto: Pretty good. Meats nothing special. Vegetables include red peppers artichoke etc and are fairly good. Bruschetta above average. Decent platter.

-Veal Scaloppini: Above average definitely but still pretty standard offering.

-Baked Ziti thing: I don't remember the name of this item on the menu and the online menus are definitely incomplete but it was pretty good. Lots of cheese, lots of meat, lots of om nom.

I've tried other things before but honestly cannot remember much about them. The takeaway is that it's very traditional Italian. They won't have any items that are crazy delicious or highly innovative because it's an old school place. The pasta dishes taste as you would expect but what comes with that expectation is consistency which is hard to come by.

Worth the trip if you crave Italian and are too lazy or too poor to head to Giada.笑
One of my fellow lunch buddies recommended this place, so I figure, why not? Needed a new place to try anyway. Atmosphere seemed pretty laid back, which is nice. Service is a bit slow,  so if you're pressed for time, this is not the place. Had the eggplant parmigiana which was pretty good served with a side of pasta which was was pretty tasty. I would come back, but maybe next time it won't be on my lunch break.笑
Why?...why would anyone with even one taste bud left on their tongue choose Olive Garden over this place. My risotto was cooked perfectly and their pink sauce is delicious and so is the meat sauce. I highly recommend the antipasto salad and complimentary garlic bread as meal onto itself but where's the fun in that. I hope to be back soon, there are so many things on the menu I want to try!笑
i am really pissed right now...this is an example of how lazy people are and it will cost you my business going forward. I have eaten here once before i liked it,so me and my father decided on what we wanted . i went to call my order in @ 11:40 am and i asked the lady do you have any specials? her response was that i have to come in to read them...wtf? are you really so lazy that you cant read off specials for a customer?her response was that at 11:45 am she was too busy to read them to me...sorry ,UNACCEPTABLE !!!!! I am really getting sick and tired of bs service,especially in this town. this behavior costs businesses customers on an exponential level...the food was good but this made me so angry that i will never walk in there again I wouldn't want to burden them with my business,obviously they have too many customers as it is... deplorable service.....笑
Service with a smile, Awesome staff and and lunch entrees with old school flavor. Lovely restaurant.笑
When we first found this place, we thought it was a blessing. You see, we moved here in Nov. 08' from Connecticut. My wife is an Italian girl from back east. She really hated Vegas, she said the food here sucked. So to find authentic (at the time) Italian was a godsend. They started out doing really well by us. But we have noticed a gradual down hill shift, in both food and service.

It started earlier in the year. My wife's favorite was the Sicilian lasagna, the eggplant was burnt.When the employees were told about the incident, the response was,"Oh really...I'm so sorry". No offer to replace the meal. Hmmm. So needless to say we haven't been back for six months.

Earlier today I had to run a bunch of errands. My wife called me and asked me if I wanted to give them another shot. Knowing that at one point this was my wife's favorite restaurant, I said OK, give em' another shot. We ordered two lasagnas and two orders of meatballs. 

Beside the fact that the order was shoved in the bag sideways, when I got it home the entire inside of the bag and everything was covered with grease. Both dishes were leaking . OK the food. The lasagna has gone from a work of art and SOME of the best I've ever had, to a greasy mess. The flavoring was poor, (needed salt). I give it a 2 out of 5, and trust me when I say I'm being generous. The meatballs have gone from a work of art to 2 small meatballs with NO flavor, just a ball of meat. Again maybe a 2 out of 5. And overpriced for what you get.

So this place is a great example of how to go from great to so-so. I do believe we won't be going back to this place. It breaks my wife's heart, because she really liked this place.

Don't waste your money on this overpriced yuppie swill!笑
We love this place! They have awesome service. Everyone is so attentive and personable. I almost always order the Beef Braciole, which most Italian restaurants do not have as a regular menu item. Their Roma salad is amazing! It is a chopped salad with tomatoes, red onion, blue cheese crumbles and candied walnuts. My sister and I split that for an appetizer and got the Braciole for our entree. My nephew lives for their meatballs. Sooo good. They have amazing garlic bread or if you are happy with the fresh bread plain that comes to the table enjoy that too because it is irrestible as well. For dessert their tiramisu is so good light and decadent at the same time. Tonight I tried their chocolate cannoli. Best cannoli ever! They don't fill them until you order them so they stay nice and crisp. Honestly it is the best cannoli I have had in Vegas. This place has a wine room and a huge selection of wine as well. I cannot say enough good things about this place...笑
This place is good. I have been twice now and the food is just so good. I had a parma sandwich and pasta. The bread was kind of hard on the sandwich but it was very good. The meats were imported and had great flavor. The pasta was good but I will probably try a salad next. they are sort of expensive it was $15 for just my meal but as a treat who cares right?笑
I like this location better than the spring mountain road location. The layout of restaurant is so much more inviting  than the other one. Food is good and everyone speaks Italian there. Makes you feel like you are at some cafe in Rome,  Italy. Variety  of wine selections from Italy. Very good over all. And the coffee  was so good!!!!笑
We come all the way from Arizona and we always make a stop at Roma Deli, we get the antipasto salad and it is Amazing the meats and cheeses melt in your mouth. The quality surpasses any Italian restaurant we have ever had. Then our main course is lasagna and the portion is not only huge but the meat is full of flavor along with the homemade noodles it's so difficult to waste it. The staff is the best they make you feel like family. Don't miss this hidden gem you won't regret it!!笑
I Love Love this place 
Yummy in my Tummy
& the Food was Deelish 
This is my Fav Restaurant笑
I head about this Deli from an Italian that said it was about as real Italian as you could find in Las Vegas so I decided to give them a try. I dinned there Thursday evening the 28th.   I never did know who was my waiter or waitress was as I had three different people I talked with to order. I ordered a 1/2 salad and Meat Raviolis with meat sauce. The salad was good and the raviolis were good, the problem came when they presented me with the bill. I always check to see if the prices were correct and I noticed they had charged me $5.00 for a !/2 salad and $14.99 for the Ravioli's. I asked to see the menu again as I didn't think they had priced the items correctly. The price should have been $4.50 for the salad and $13.99 for the Ravioli's,  I could see someone making a mistake on one item but not both as it is their restaurant and they should know the prices. I call it to their attention and they said sorry, they would change it which they did. I told them that  most people don't ever check the bill closely and they could have been overcharging charging their customer for a long time. I would hope this was an honest mistake, yet mispricing two items on a two item bill a bit concerning. I'm not sure I would go there again as I am not sure what the real story is.笑
I'm gonna have to give it one star based on the customer service. We arrived at 11:00 (when they opened). We found the place from a bring Fido website; wanting to bring our dog. I did try calling before to see if I they had outside seating before we arrived.  We arrive and I sit outside and my husband and son go inside to order our food.  After 25 minutes of waiting in there to order and no one Acknowledged him he left.   

I hope to do an update of another experience. 
We will try it once again.笑
Wasnt blown away by this place however decent selection of wine and various grocery. A bit pricey but managed to find some goodies. They have prepared food as well that sure smelled good. I may come back笑
First time going last night on a whim....it is so nice to actually find an italian deli! and the staff is wonderful so kind and friendly.  Starting with fresh warm bread that is crusty on the outside and soft on the inside.  Salad of caprese, wonderful buffalo mozzerella and fresh juicy tomotoes!  dinner was classic fettucini alfredo with broccoli.....so wonderful!  great place i would definately recommend and go back to.笑
Perfect restaurant, waitstaff and food. Excellent. I'm not sure how I can expand on that further. I hate long dissertations on restaurants and this place doesn't need one. It's absolutely wonderful and I will be back.笑
It's Italian, it's a deli, and it's a wine shop. Forget the pizza and pasta, anyone can do that. The deli is where this place really shines! Fresh-cut meats and cheeses, various salads by the pound, and enough traditional sweets to induce diabetes. Plus a massive wine selection. 

But the best part is the deli- beautiful bread that is crisp and buttery on the outside but soft and chewy on the inside, topped with the aforementioned imported meats and cheeses, high-quality olive oil and fresh basil, and just absolutely perfect.

For cold weather, the chicken parmagiana is just right: the size is big enough to split, just under $10, with so much marinara and mozzarella that it initially smells like a pizza. But sink your teeth into the tender, juicy chicken and you'll be too focused on your food to carry on conversation.
As for our usual warm weather, the Roma sandwich is the namesake of this place and for a darn good reason: domestic or imported prosciutto, fresh mozzarella, roasted peppers, and olive oil. It is deceptively simple, needs no additions or sides. It is just right.

Just ONE request though: PLEASE put your menu on your website!笑
My boyfriend and I happened to drive past this place on a Friday night and decided to check it out. I'll be honest- I didn't want to go there for dinner because I thought it was just a deli and I wanted nice food and wine well haaaaay they have both!

Great ambiance and service. Homemade bread. Delicious food. Decent selection of wine.  I ordered the Basa filet which was amazing. Boyfriend ordered spaghetti and meatballs. He was in heaven. Our friends joined us and ordered pasta. Best kept secret Italian place in Vegas.笑
Cutest little place with amazing authentic Italian food. I absolutely LOVE this place. The wine is amazing, the food is a really nice sized portion and the tiramisu is the best in town! If you're looking for a good meal and a glass of wine on a night off with the wife/husband, this place is perfect.笑
This place is amazing! Fresh delicious food, good prices, friendly staff and quaint atmosphere.笑
Always have enjoyed the food and service here. There is an older gentleman who is our usual server who is always so friendly and can be a total hoot to talk to. Their bread is simply amazing. Always hot and fresh. They always send you home with extra bread, sometimes multiple loaves. They are a little on the expensive side for dinner, but lunch special pricing is decent.笑
Love it. Authentic. Great service. Big portions. Reasonably priced and right up the street. Been there a few times and I've been extremely satisfied every time.笑
When we go out, we generally have one thing in mind: Asian food! However, my hub loves linguine and clams, so when I saw a beautiful picture of that dish at Roma, I convinced him we should try it. Generally our snobbish attitude is that we can make spaghetti so why eat Italian out? I think I know why now! Big portions, big flavors, and homemade garlic bread!

We could probably walk here, but the exterior has never convinced me it was a culinary treasure. As soon as you get out of your car , however, your nose tells you otherwise. They are definitely cooking fresh bread on premises as the aromas fill the parking lot.

The interior is very casual. A "sit wherever you like" kind place. There is a counter with salads by the pound, deli meats, cheese and a variety of sweets, and there is also a wine shop connected to the main dining area. The cast of characters is interesting from two Italian car sales guys munching on their egg and peppers sandwich to what appeared to be an entire Italian family complete with grandma.

My husband knew what he wanted, and I went with the special rigatoni of the day in a red sauce with peas and mushrooms. We shared the house salad, which was a generous serving of mixed greens with 2 giant pieces of garlic bread. I am always thrilled to see a salad done well! When our entrees arrived, we were impressed (and excited) to each receive 2 more giant pieces of garlic bread! The food was piping hot, fresh, and mouth-wateringly delicious. It was so good I found myself risking a burnt mouth because I couldn't resist shoveling down the perfectly al dente pasta. My husband was pleased as well. Whenever he says, "This place rocks," I know we've found a keeper.笑
We have lived near Roma for a couple of years, but for the first time, stopped by for dinner.  It was fabulous.  Even though they were out of the special that i wanted, he said he would have the chef make it similar.  It was delicious.  Service was great and we will definitely be back with our friends!笑
Came here to order a pizza-to-go for lunch. Walked in. There was no one to great us and only people at one table. After about 10 minutes we got the attention of someone in the kitchen. The woman took our pizza order. When I asked how long she said "I don't know, the chef is having a meeting with the staff". I cancelled the order and just left. Would not return here.笑
In brief, poor service, prices on the high side and awful marinara.  Alfredo sauce was much better.  Very good bread.  Overall experience, well below average.笑
Just alright. Nothing to write home about 
I expected more from the Yelp reviews the lady at the counter preparing food was so kind then I go to pay standing there for 10min a diff lady finally comes from the back & rings me up not saying 1 word the entire time so for her actions I won't be back & hence the review笑
Outstanding neighborhood restaurant. We have frequented this gem for several years and never disappoints. 
The sauces are consistently some of the best. 
The food is excellent and rivals top restaurants in great cities like San Fransisco and New York.
We've even had Roma cater special occasions.
Their lasagna is the creameast and richest you'll ever experience for catering. Everything is freshly made with incredibly generous portions.
Prices are reasonable. They have a very nice Italian deli with imported cheeses and nice wine store.
They are very warm friendly, and authentic. From the owner to all the staff.
You can't go wrong trying this consistently delicious and wonderful atmosphere restaurant.笑
This place is the real deal! Everything is fresh, even the waiters haircut!

Big selection of deli products and wine. They also serve food. Really good food! 

Tried the:

Complimentary ciabatta bread .. Firm crust and super soft on the inside.

Calamari .. 5/5 some of the best I've had. Seriously!

Eggplant Shrimp .. 4/5 good flavor. Fresh shrimp.

Gnocchi (pomodoro sauce) .. 5/5 they're like soft bites of goodness that just melt in your mouth

Margharita Pizza .. 5/5 fresh mozzarella, fresh basil, nice punch from the sauce

Attentive staff. You gotta stop in and try the food.笑
Ummm, food here is great. My hubby and I had tried the Spring Mountain location a few years back, but never made it back. We have seen location number 2 for some time, but as we pass by, always say to each other, we should try that place again. 

I don't remember the food being bad, so I don't know why we never tried it again, but, boy, am I glad we did. The whole experience was fantastic, we had family in town and so the four of us went together, we ordered and while waiting for our food, browsed the goodies on display in the deli area, there were extra things lying about with very festive holiday wrap, guessing they do food gift baskets. 

As soon as the bread came, it was back to the table to enjoy a really tasty bread loaf. It was crispy outside while soft inside, had a pizza dough taste, but with melted butter, it was good! I had to have extra put aside for my entree, I had the cioppino, it was suppose to be a bit spicy, but it was only mildly so. There were plenty of calamari but just a few shrimp, mussels and clams. It was mostly soup, but I enjoyed anyway. 

My mother in law got the cheese ravioli and she never eats it all, so she shared one with me, to was good all smothered with marinara sauce. For desert, there are some great choices, we split a cannoli and ricotta cheese cake, I loved them both. 

My only criticism would have to be the service, they were a bit slow to refill tea glasses, and to stop by to see if we were doing okay with our meals. I don't think I have had to wait so long for the check! Overall, I would make it back to this place. I know I'd try some of their other wonderful items listed on the menu.笑
Always have wanted to try this place and finally had the chance and let me tell you amazing service, great portions and food that's very tasty and filling. Not a big Italian fan, but recently have been on an Italian kick and this place will do it for you. Decently prized and fantastic atmosphere! Definitely a must for all the Italian lovers! They also have a great wine selection.  Ciao.笑
This place is awesome! Foods great! Service great! Just like your at grandmas house. They treat you like family.  We got spaghetti and carbonara..and for dessert we had cookies. Yum!!笑
Very authentic.  The tiramasu is ridiculously good.  The staff is very friendly.  This is one of those holes-in-the-wall that you definately should check out.笑
Love the pasta, comforting ambiance, salads and meats.  They have nailed their menu items to perfection.  Be sure to try the calamari and pasta, chicken saltimbocca, and greek salad.  Lunch portions are perfect and reasonably priced. Never disappointed when we eat here!笑
I like this place. Very cozy and small. The guy that always takes our order is always friendly. I have always gotten the subs and they are delicious. They have another location which is bigger, but since I found this down the street from me, we come here now. The subs are pretty big and are of decent price too. The bread on the subs are pretty good. We got the meatball sub and sausage and pepper sub. They put a lot of sliced sausage in there. In my opinion, the meatball was better than the sausage, but both were good. I have had the eggplant sub and that was delicious too! They also have good lunch specials. Next time I go, I will have to try their pastas. :)笑
This place has the best Italian food ever. So authentic. Very family oriented. Best customer service u can ask for. Just like stepping into any little city in Italy;) I highly recommend... !!!!笑
I being here before . But I keep coming back . Is a nice restaurant and excellent food with outstanding services , you can also get a nice bottle of wine in your way out.笑
So after leaving my dentist I was STARVING.  Saw this place on the side of the road as I was driving and pulled in and parked. Honestly I look for random places like that just to try it.

I ordered a side of meatballs (I try the meatballs anywhere that serves them, ya I know.. weird.)  and an Italian sub. Little did I know the meatballs came with their fresh garlic bread too. 

The meatballs were friggin great, just like my ex's Sicilian grandma. I finished those and most of the bread which was also on point. The sandwich was very good and fresh as it should be at an Italian deli) but was so big combined with what I already ate I took it home and had the other half for dinner. Definitely plan on going back to check out more of the menu.笑
I really wanted to be able to write a rave review of Roma. Really, really wanted to. But, I owe it to my fellow Yelpers... There's a few things you gotta know:

1. The red sauce is salty. I ordered the chicken parm, swapped salad for pasta. The chicken wasn't the most tender, and the sauce... just so much salt! I think hardly any garlic. If you're into chicken parm, check out Parma by Chef Marc... THAT is what you want.

2. The napoleons: they're supposed to have pastry cream in the middle. These have marshmallow fluff (what?!), which is basically whipped corn syrup + various chemistry - something I try to avoid at all costs. I wish I knew that it didn't have the traditional filling - would not have ordered it. The Spring Mountain Roma location stopped carrying the napoleons altogether, and this may be why.

The one thing that I can rave about is the service - great attention. The resto is very clean and can definitely hold a large crowd. Although, between food quality and service, I would much rather be raving about the "just like gramma's" food, but unfortunately cannot with Roma. :-(笑
Had the baked ziti & it was orange & gross. The staff not very attentive, more into work & customer avoidance.笑
Wonderful food and staff at this little gem draws the best crowd ever.Bring your appetite I guarantee the only thing you will he sorry for is not saving room for a homemade cannoli.笑
This place has a killer deli that rivals east coast deli! The food is authentic Italian and their prices are reasonable. Try the cannoli . . . now that's Italian!笑
Please, someone tell me what I am missing here? 

My family loves Italian food. LOVES LOVES LOVES IT. Being super carb sensitive (I think about carbs and I gain 5 lbs. Eating Italian is the bane of my existence for this very reason.

The premise is nice. A family run, Italian deli. I can dig that. We entered, were instantly greeted, I checked in on Yelp (the Elite thang to do), and perused the menu. I was shocked at the prices. A simple pasta dish was $14.99. For PASTA?  None of their dishes came with soup or salad to justify the high cost. 

Anyway, my family ordered, freshly baked bread arrived. Piping hot, crispy on the outside, soft in the middle. I had once slice and savored it. This was the best part of the meal. We each had ordered a cup of soup (70 degree weather in late May justifies as cool enough for soup in my book) They were all  homemade and they were all awful, My pasta e fagoli was nothing but a weird broth, white beans, and pasta. The minestrone was vegetable soup with pasta. The chicken soup was hopeful, but it didn't have any real flavor. Each cup of soup was an additional $5. Decent sized cups, but when the flavor is lackluster...

Next come our entrees. The stuffed pepper was the only tasty thing ordered, a bit salty, but had a rich complexity in flavor profile and texture. I ordered the four cheese risotto. It was far too salty and thankfully my mama put some of her yummy stuffed pepper sauce into my dish and it perked it up a bit. The risotto was cooked a little too short, it was not to the point of al dente (which to my knowledge is how all noodles in Italian restaurants are served). The other dished ordered was the baked rigatoni. Pasta, greasy meat sauce, and a layer of cheese. Ekk!  I tried a bit of it and I swear this AM after brushing my teeth last night and again this AM, I still feel a thin layer of grease on the roof on my mouth (okay, I'm being dramatic). These dishes all ranged from $14.99 to $18.99. I don't understand. Pasta, tomatoes, and buying bulk cheese isn't that expensive. All of the food was wrapped up and taken to go. Again, portions are HUGE, but when the food doesn't taste good, it's just even more of a waste.

Service was great. Attentive. Informative. So kudos there. However, $90 for 3 people to eat at an Italian Deli is ludicrous in my mind. Especially when I would rather eat at Olive Garden and it would have been far more satisfying and lighter on the wallet. The restaurant was also very loud. The high ceilings and the absence of a wall in the dining area amplified noise level. I feel like I was robbed eating here. I ate carbs for you, Roma! Carbs! And I gained about 20 lbs while writing this review because of all the thinking and writing about carbs!笑
Another great meal at this restaurant. Great pasta e fagoli soup and my wife's sausage and pasta dish was super. All the sausages are made in house. My roughy was a bit sour to my taste but the menu did say lemon sauce. I rated five stars because of the gracious, old school service: a polite waiter who observes when he is needed but otherwise stays in the background, does NOT say he will be taking care of me, does NOT tell me his name, does NOT ask me if I am still "working" on my food, does NOT ask me if I" saved room" for desert and does not try to upsell me when I order but who does understand that dining out can be a leisurely affair. I've been back many times since this initial review. I've never been disappointed.笑
I went to this place on a recommendation from a friend who is full blooded Italian.  It did not disappoint.

It is a small place with maybe 15 to 20 tables all cramped together.  There is a wine shop and deli attached.  The waiters are so Italian it gives the place atmosphere.  The bread is good and fresh baked.  The sandwiches and salads are good, but the pasta is not to be missed.  So authentic you feel like you are in Italy, which I have been to.  Actually, this place has better food than I had in Italy, so maybe it has been americanized a little, but it's good stuff!

If you aren't afraid of carbs, go here.  You will love it!笑
I only come in here to buy stuffed shells from the deli but the service is THE WORST. everyone looks at you and if you ask for help no one speaks English. I know we live in a new age but come on. (they weren't even speaking Italian which I could maybe look past with it being an Italian spot) smh get it together guys.笑
It's always tough to be critical of a place you've liked before, especially when the food is marvelous.  But I noticed a pattern developing with previous reviewers commenting on the inconsistent service at Roma Deli.

Last night was a going away dinner for a family member and the honoree picked Roma Deli, a place where many a wonderful meals have been enjoyed in the past.  It was around 6:30 p.m. and only half the tables were occupied.  We were lucky to grab one because within the next few minutes large parties filled the room.  I selected a pricey bottle of wine from the wine shop and immediately experienced the pattern for the night.  Had to wait about 10 minutes to pay at that counter because no one came to help.

Back at the table we sat another thirty minutes with our rapidly disappearing wine before finally getting the salad and a glass of water ordered much earlier.  Fausto the owner came over to our table repeatedly to apologize for the lackluster tempo of the service, but it never improved.  It was all I could do to keep my inner Lou Dragna in check.

Once the entrees arrived it was the usual fabulous quality and quantity, and that made up for a lot of the sins.   It finished badly when the check was delivered two hours after our arrival and there was a $60 charge for the wine which I had already paid for an hour and a half earlier.  Another series of "mea culpas" from Fausto and we made our escape.

The location of this place also gets mixed reviews.  At the highly trafficked corner of Sahara and Durango, it's difficult to access unless you are westbound on Sahara.  Once in the mini mall parking lot the hunt starts for an available stall.  Last night when we arrived five were occupied by the Dominoes pizza delivery vehicles and many of the patrons spent a lot of time trying to find a place to park.

But guess what?  We will be back.笑
We started off with the prosciutto and mozzarella as an appetizer. The mozzarella was so fresh and the prosciutto just melted in your mouth kind of. I was very pleased. For dinner I ordered the Linguine Vongole (white) and the bf ordered Chicken Parmesan. I liked my entree, but I felt that the noodles were a lil bit too al dente....as some parts were crispy. I also was disappointed in the fact that the clams when shelled came out to be dime size. Other than that, I thought the flavor was good. I didn't get to try the Chicken Parmesan, but from what I heard it was yummy. We ordered a cannoli for dessert and I definitely was NOT impressed. I didn't like that the ricotta in the cannoli was so rich in vanilla bean flavor, but that is what the bf liked about it. I would definitely go back and try other items on their menu including the deli.笑
I used to love this place... Had some good times there with lots of good food... Now its just a memory. Will never go back. I took a friend there saying what a great lil place this was and he got food poisoning from his shrimp pasta dish... Its been going own hill since this summer. Not having many items on the menu and the food just being mediocre ...
Sorry Roma have to say buh bye...笑
Best Italian joint in Vegas. They serve the best Italian sandwich in Vegas..."The Sicilian". 


This is coming from an Italian guy from NY, so that's saying something ; )笑
Best raviolis in town ! Excellent desserts (chocolate cake) wonderful staff .. I've been coming here since they opened笑
I absolutely love this place. Best Italian spot in Vegas. Super casual, with AMAZING food. I love the Chicken soup, the stuffed peppers, the spumoni, the cookies. My God, it's all delicious!!! The service here is wonderful. You will feel like your part of the family. I've been here about 10 times, and I've NEVER been disappointed with anything! I  Roma Deli!笑
Roma deli sounds Italian love the name
I came to this place to eat for the first time on my vacation food was awesome :)
I ate eggplant with Parmesan it was wow I'm out of words than say hmmm....I highly recommend this place staff were nice always ask if I need anything else than what I have on the table.笑
This place was so good! I had Spaghetti al Pomodorino and my mom had the Roma Chicken Salad, we also shared Roast Carpaccio as an appitizer.  I am a big pasta fan and the pasta hit the spot! It was so creamy and delicious and on point. The portions are so huge I had to take what I didn't finish home.  The owner is so nice as well. He walks around the restaurant and introduces himself to everyone and asks if everything is okay and if they need anything else. The service is great.  I reccomend this place to anyone who's a Italian food fan.  The restaurant it self also has a deli and dessert so you can come in and get a dessert Togo or you can order deli meat or cheese to go as well.笑
If you go to one Italian place, make it Roma Deli II. The food, service, and ambiance are second to none. Go tonight if you love good food and want a great meal, with great service. Ive been here several times and never had a bad meal, and I can't wait to go back!笑
Average italian restaurant..... service is great but food taste is below my standard笑
After 5 Month in Germany 
Got back to Vegas .I took few of my friend at Roma deli for dinner .excellent  like always great food and our waiter .Thank you Fausto we will be back笑
Great service. Their regular menu is incredible and crave-able, but my experience with their specials has been less than perfect, which was disappointing but not enough to sway my opinion of this place. Save room for the tiramisu, it is perfect.笑
Finally, east coast Italian in Vegas! I had the pasta fagioli, garlic bread, tortellini alla panna, and tiramisu. The best I've had since moving here from Connecticut! This place makes Italian food the way it's meant to be, with the freshest ingredients possible. I'll be a customer for life!笑
Wonderful Food! Good & friendly service! Full menu! What can I say. I will go again. There is a great selections of wine, cheese, pasta, condiments, sandwich meats, desserts that look like heaven. Please try this and take a friend. You will not be sorry.

Our lunch group went and it is really hard to please 15 foodies but everyone was happy with the food, service and location.笑
I was in search of Frutti di Mare insalata on Friday, July 15th, i ended up at Roma Deli II (sahara/durango) on the recommendation of my brother, raving about their italian grinders. They only had calamari salad, but it looked pretty decent in the glass deli case. I ordered the calalmari salad and 2 italian grinders to go. Lets just say, as I was eating the salad, i thought it tasted a bit funny but i ate it anyway because i was hungry and it was a pricey salad. Within 1 hour of eating this, I was running to a sink with uncontrollable nausea....TERRIBLE to say the least, it affected me for the next 2 days following. Needless to say, I will never eat there again, and a word to management, PLEASE be sure your cold food display case is at the correct temp for your displayed foods so as not to get anyone else violently ill...thanks!笑
This is a really good casual neighborhood Italian restaurant. We've dined in, and carried out, many times over the last few years so it's time to right a review. The deli section is nice. Small but nice. The cookies are good, too. The wine selection is a bit on the pricey side.

The BF always orders one of the specials and usually loves whatever it is. Hands down though (and this is why when I'm craving Italian food but don't feel like making the drive to Gaetano's, I suggest Roma Deli) they have the BEST lasagna I've had anywhere. The meat sauce is so thick and super flavorful. The pasta is always cooked perfectly. It's the only thing I order there since having discovered it.

The only negative on the food at Roma Deli is the pasta which accompanies the dishes. The sauce is way too tangy. Like crazy tangy.笑
Very impressed.  I know good Italian food, I am full (northern) Italian and been to Italy, for whatever that is worth.

Good service, very friendly, and food was well worth the money in fact you can probably split the meals because the portions are large.  I had caprese, ravioli and lasagna, all were very good and their bread is top notch.  Plan an extra hour at the gym and you'll be fine.  Best Italian restaurant I've been to in Nevada and that's taking everything into account.  I went to the location on Sahara and Durango.笑
The first time I ate at this restaurant I came back 2 additional times in the same week. It's that good

Do yourself a favor and get the meatballs. They are so good that I recently had a dinner party at home and ordered a tray of them for my guests. What a treat. They are moist, flavorful and oh so good 

There marinara is delicious.   Why cook at home when they can do it for you. I have yet to try dessert. I never seem to have the room.笑
I seriously LOVE this place. The atmosphere is small town friendly and the two Italian men that are servers are hilarious. The food is consistently excellent, and they actually know what "al dente" is supposed to be. Their bread is fresh made every day and as stated in other reviews the Tiramisu is beyond compare. If nothing else you owe it to yourself to try that. My favorite is the spaghetti and meatballs, the meatballs are the size of your fist and have a wonderful flavor. A great place to go with a friend or two, and I take my parents here when they come to visit.笑
This place rocks!!!

I ordered an arrabiata which was off menu and they made it no problem. Bread was delicious. Food even more so. Pricing was good. I think the arrabiata was about $11 ish. Which was inline with the rest of the 'non meat' type pastas. 

So yeah. If you want some good italian and Carla Brunei is not available (lol), then go for Roma! You wont forget it!!!!笑
Such a great place to go and eat and have a great conversation. Nick and the crew are great. So attentive, and respectful, and the food is top quality. They definitely have a customer for life.笑
Very very good great service and great deli. Food is outstanding笑
This is my favorite restaurant in all of Las Vegas. The food is just so excellent it exceeds expectations. Josephine makes my meals most of the time when I visit this restaurant. No matter what she makes for me it is always fantastic. Perfect balance for everything on your dish. The rest of the staff is very welcoming and remembers me. 

I have been here so many times I have lost count. 20+ times I would say, always consistent, always phenomenal.笑
This was my third time here and I am sorry to say that I got food poisoning.  

I ordered Salmon and Pasta.

This won't stop me for going there though since it's authentic Italian food.笑
Without a doubt the BEST Eggplant Parm in town. Always crisp and not too much breading.  The sauce is a 10.  I go there once a month whether I need it or not.  LOVE this place!笑
My boyfriend and I had been driving past the restaurant since we moved to the area and had our curiosities. After a review from a co worker we checked the place out and I'm sad we hadn't gone sooner! Everything was simply amazing. It truly is the best Italian I've had since visiting Italy. The food was prepared perfectly, and everything is better with wine. Our server Mick was very friendly and I'm glad he recommend dessert. 
Without a doubt we will be returning. 
The pricing was great and the portions were large.
We had a bottle of wine, fried calamari, lamb, chicken parm., and dessert.
At the end after tip we only spent about 100, and had leftovers that were still divine.笑
Ok my father is going to kill me because I'm Italian and for me to say what I'm about to say, uh well I could be swimming with the fishes. I don't love pasta, I like it, but I don't like the way I feel after I eat it. So full and miserable for hours. With that being said, I thought I would give this place a try on a cold winter night to warm me up. I had the spinach ravioli with tomato cream sauce, ehhh nothing to write home about.  My friend had the meat ravioli, which I enjoyed more than my dish. The bread that they bring out was the favorite part of my meal, love to dip fresh bread in olive oil & balsamic vinegar. The deli though, now that looked pretty good. I like sandwiches, so I think if I return here it would be for the deli side and not for the restaurant, if I wasn't so full I wanted to try the homemade desserts, the ricotta cheesecake looked so good! Would I return? Ehh maybe if I was in the area, would I recommend? If you're looking for decent Italian food, this place isn't bad.笑
Very good experience. Shared a Greek Salad & Sicilian sandwich. Was the perfect amount to share and be satisfied. Atmosphere & service were good. Will definitely go back.笑
Best spaghetti and meatballs i have ever had out to eat. Will eat here again. Sanwiches are great too. True italian.笑
Some of the best Italian food in vegas, hands down. It's a little cramped, but worth the wait. Anything in a cream wine sauce will not disappoint!笑
My favorite Italian in all of Las Vegas!! We recently moved out of town, but we're back this weekend and I HAD to come get their Italian sandwich for lunch today. Husband got the meatball sub. Both were phenomenal, as always笑
I love this place! I had the baked ziti and it was amazing! Portion size is HUGE. We also had the chocolate cake for dessert and my friend who does each nor like chocolate was flooooooored at how good it was! Definitely a new favorite!笑
Second time I've been here this was our second visit to Roma deli , our first was the spring mountain location, a few years ago. The pasta was good back then , but the service was soooo slow, we never went back.  
            I decided to give it another shot since one of our favorites JR's closed recently.
            I like the feel of the restaurant/ deli, luv to browse while I wait for my food . 
     The bread was hot , had a thin crisp crust and soft middle.  It just might b a tad better then metro pizza's bread.  
              I had the sausage ragu with fettuccine , nice chunks of sausage in a very flavorful sauce.  The flavor was spot on , but it was just a little dry for me , just a little.  I had a taste of Mom's cheese ravioli, very good , excellant marinara.  
         For dessert had the cannoli and ricotta cheesecake .  The cannoli had an odd flavor to me with a slight bitter taste at the end. I can't figure out the flavoring or spice , I've know I tasted it before jus don't know , what it is.
            The ricotta cheesecake had a double crust. The filling was not to dense or to light and not to sweet.  It was pretty good, I could not help thinking that a fruit sauce( rasberry, strawberry) would put it over the top . 
        Now for the service , there was a few lull's.  I even ask my wife if this was the same server we had the last time.  The server was nice and friendly, just a tad slow, not slow enough to wait a few years to return , though.笑
This is my new favorite place!!! How have I never been here?!?!?!

The service was excellent. I had a hard time deciding what to order. We were there for lunch so I went with a sandwich. It is called the "Roma" and it has imported prosciutto, thick slice of mozzarella, roasted red pepper. tomato and oil. I don't know if I can ever order anything else it was so good!!!

I wanted to try something from their delicious looking Dessert counter. I decided on a "Chocolate Eclair" that only cost $2.50. SO worth it!!

It was clean inside and seating room is comfortable. Give this place a try if you never have!!笑
Stopped in for a quick bite with my mom and my aunt.  We arrived around 12:30 and were greeted by the friendly busboy lady:). She was friendly and accommodating considering we asked to sit in a closed section.  She asked for our drink order which I thought was really efficient.

The male server took some time to come to our table but once he took our order everything was fine.  We ordered 2 sides of meatballs, Greek salad, half Caesar salad and a glass of wine.  While we waited for our food we were brought some incredible garlic bread!  It was sooooo good!  My aunt who is here visiting from Austria commented on how good it was and she worries how many calories there are in it!

Our food came out in a decent time.  The meatballs were not hot.  They were only warm.  We did not complain so there was no chance given to remedy the "issue".  Both salads were great!  The feta in the Greek salad was mild and firm.  So much better than the "feta" if you can even call it feta that you buy across the street at Smith's.  The Greek salad had a good amount of tasty olives and artichoke hearts too.  It wasn't your run of the mill salad.  The Caesar was fresh with a great tasting dressing.

We ordered espresso and it didn't taste good.  It tasted old and was not hot.

I would recommend this restaurant.  They have a nice outdoor area with just a few tables to eat your meal at.  Parking is fine but there isn't much.

The location is great if your heading up Sahara as it's just east of Durango.笑
Very fair prices and absolutely excellent food. I almost always order the lasagna. They have one of the best meat sauces that I've ever had. Service is always friendly and attentive. And the deserts are all great. I highly recommend this place.笑
Awesome atmosphere and food. Staff are excellent!  This will definitely be one of my new favorite places to dine.笑
Can't say enough good things about this down home, delicious  Italian eatery! But let me just say this.. the Meatballs, spaghetti bolegnais, meat balls, Caesars salad and the fresh steaming hot bread, rated among the best of the best we've ever had!笑
This place is that mom and pop place that you look for.  great food service even sounds italian.  Must try if you havent been there and just looking for a quiet place.  Will be back soon.笑
The food is excellent better then any Italian food in Vegas! I have ate almost everything there and it is really great and the prices are fantastic!笑
Wow this place has the best ravioli's. One of the reasons I went here all the time was because of their huge meatballs. They were out of this world. Yesterday we ordered 3 lasagna's and a side of meatballs. What a bummer, the meatballs were no where near as big as they used to be. Same price and alot smaller. The take out order came to 47.00. A little pricey but the lasagna was delicious. Two of them were very big portions and one was smaller. I won't order the meatballs again because they also went up to $5.99 for two of them. That is a bit pricey for meatballs. Last week we ordered the sicilian lasagna again which has a layer of eggplant on the bottom. The eggplant was burnt. The first time we ordered the sicilian lasagna it was out of this world. After having to remove all the eggplant the last time I ordered it, it has turned me off from the sicilian lasagna forever! I'm afraid they are starting to go downhill. What a shame because they were my favorite Italian restaurant by far. I am hoping they get back on track again so I haven't given up totally yet.笑
My family and I had come here before and had superior service and very good food.  This last time, we got neither.

Our waiter simply didn't like us.  There's no other explanation.  He ignored our repeated requests for more bread; he never once asked us if we wanted more water (I had to flag down the bus boy whenever he served the adjacent table, which was frequently).  He conversed with the customers at the other tables in our area, but didn't even bother to ask us how we were doing.  Two other parties arrived after us, yet they received their entrees before we did.  Once a large party had entered, he served them, and pawned us off to a bus boy.  

I had ordered the veal parmigiana.  The cheese had not melted; it was still in a clump on top of the meat.  It was served lukewarm.  

We spent close to $90 on our meal.  That isn't how you treat people.

I wish I would've taken a picture of the pr*ck so that I could say, "If you see this guy, leave".  But maybe you shouldn't bother; just come back after they fire him.  He shouldn't last long.  If he does, the place will fold, and you wouldn't have missed much.笑
One of the worst service in town.
I was completely ignored along with my wife for about 20'.
Food was absolutely overpriced.
They messed up all our orders.
I am Italian and you can't fixed stupid.
The owner should know about this complete mess.
I ma in no way trying to put down this place just fro the pleasure of it.
So I came back a different day just to buy some prosciutto .
Again , even if I had some costumers  in front of me, which I completely understand, I was ignored and after 10' I was asked what did I want but after that the two people on the either side of the counter never returned to us.
Awful.
Save your money and time...even if you like Italian food.
I tried twice so you don't even have to do it once.笑
Solid five star yummy Authentic Italian food. I love the setting of deli shop inside restaurant. If you are craving sandwiches, the prosciutto sandwich is the home run. Make sure you get the imported prosciutto. Calamari salad is chilled and light, perfect for this Vegas heat. Last but not the least, eggplant parmigiana, yes x 3! And and and the Cannoli, don't miss!笑
The food was okay. My buddy and I each got an Italian cold cut and my other friend got a chicken Parmesan sandwich. We also ordered chicken soup and fries. If you do not have over 1 hour to spend on lunch for some for some sandwiches do NOT go here. It took forever to get our food. The kicker was a hair in my sandwich. I will NOT be back here again. They did not charge me for my sandwich that had the hair in it.笑
So here's the dealio, I'm from Canada, and I group up in an Italian neighborhood, so there's a fat chance you'll pull the wool over my eyes when it comes to Italian food.  Roma Deli reminds me of the neighbored I grew up in ,  lot's of great food and tastes and relatively inexpensive.  I've eaten their several times and the meals have been excellent, the brijole is outstanding, enough to make you wet your pants.  
The bread that's served is nothing short of magnificent, warm, crusty and absolutely delicious.  The service is very good, the food is tasty and the prices are very reasonable, you can't go wrong.笑
So a couple nights ago my friend told me to meet him  at Roma Deli for dinner. He had told me a few times before about how great this place was so I was looking forward to it. First of all great atmosphere, very friendly staff, nice Italian music in the background and what a beautiful Italian food smell as soon as we entered. We were welcomed with some nice warm bread. So I decided to have the spaghetti carbonara and my friend got his favorite, the orange roughy. Well what can I say about the carbonara other than AMAZING!!! Of course the orange roughy was excellent as always my friend said too. When we were done with dinner, although we were already pretty full, we decided to have a dessert. I had the homemade tiramisu and my friend had the chocolate eclair. Again AMAZING!! Well that pretty much sums it up. I will be there again very soon! I think I just found my new favorite Italian restaurant!!笑
I received a message from the owner of Roma Deli and he is going to address the issues from our last visit. I have no doubt he will. I am looking forward to another wonderful meal here.笑
How will I break it to my Italian friends that Roma is my go-to for chicken parmesan fix?  I've now gotten my mom hooked on it and she doesn't like chicken.  It's the sauce.  It's home made, I can tell.笑
I think what I love most about Roma is that there is never a question about the freshness of the food. Every dish comes out piping hot (well, the ones that are supposed to), so you know that it was just made to order. The service is always very pleasant and generally attentive. My family loves the food and the deli has some really awesome imported meats and cheeses. My only complaint is that they need more help at or an expansion of the deli counter because if you order to go it is very slow. And I get it - they're super busy with good reason. I don't know how their wine shop does business-wise but I think if they expanded the deli into the wine store and got some additional hands, it would be a darn near perfect operation. Great spot!笑
I debated 3 or 4 stars on this place and went with the former for some very minor criticisms.  When this place is on, it's great.  I have had some slow service on occasion and once had a bad bowl of cioppino.  Every other time I've been there has been excellent.  Save room for dessert and esspresso.  Great coffee.笑
Wow.  You've gotta eat here!  We have been 3 times and every time it is better and better

1st time: As soon as we walk-in to look around and see what they have., a nice older man tells you to come in and sit down..  We explained we just wanted to see a menu and look at the deli.. The Nono, brought over bread and water- and explained that we needed to stay for dinner. This felt like home.  He was very sweet., explaining try this, try that. Just as your grandparents would do.  We have the veal on a bun, and eggplant parmigiana..  The portions were huge!! Very very flavourful.  We left happy and stuffed..  Service and food was 5 star.

2nd visit: Our second visit was during the World Cup.  We assumed they would be showing the game., and have some sort of "specials" on to watch Italy play.   When we arrived at 930 am., they were closed.  But the owner was in and setting up for the day.  His name is Fausto.  Fausto invited us in.. He explained the restaurant wasn't opening for a few hrs but invited us to come in and watch the game with him.  He made us espresso., and we tried the cannolis.  It was a very nice morning..  He made us feel like we were at home with family..  We also made sure to give kudos about our first visit.

3rd: our third and most recent visit we had family in town visiting...  There are 40 different restaurants in our 5 mile radius but we wanted our family to experience the wonderful food and service of Roma Deli. 

We arrived for dinner at 6pm.  Fausto was making rounds, introducing himself to tables and ensuring all are having a great night.  Very nice off him.  We ordered the calamari, antipasto, and bruschetta to start..  ( I mentioned in the 1st visit portion sizes., but we still wanted to try everything ). We were full after the appetizers.  Delicious food, and wonderful service.  We ordered 4 different entrées.  One of the things I need to mention--- we were never rushed. The timing of the apps, to the entrees was very well spaced.  We were not just a number.. They let us sit, talk, drink, and enjoy.  I unfortunately cannot tell you to try one dish because everything was amazing, try them all.  Try the wine.  And take your time.  This place is a must see if you are visiting., and if you're a local; this is a perfect date night, or family style restaurant..  It can be whatever you want it to be at Roma Deli II.

Shaun笑
Ahh-mazing food, friendly service, and incredible dessert. Exactly like the Italian joints we would frequent in New York. If you love Italian food, get off the strip and come here. You won't regret it.笑
Hey mambo! mambo italiano! Go Go Joe! Now this is a lunch spot. Everything's homemade fresh, including the bread. And I definitely appreciate good homemade bread. The ingredients call for flour, yeast, salt, water, oil, LOVE + Prayers. Add this spectacular bread to other simple ingredients such as garlic butter, salumi, prosciutto, basil or provolone and you have a hit. Their sandwiches are the carnivores' delight. The salads are really de-constructed versions of the sandwiches offered which are equally tasty but for some reason more expensive than just ordering the sandwiches. So minus one star for lack of creativity. In the end, I would still inhale their giant sandwiches without hesitation.笑
I used to stop at the Roma Deli on Spring Mountain Road but I was usually going west and getting across the lanes there was a pain depending on the time of day.  Then Roma Deli II opened not far from home and wow, I never stopped in the years it's been there.

I needed some good grated cheese for something I was making and decided the time was right.  I stopped in yesterday and got a pound of pecorino romano.  I also got a block of romano for snacking on while watching TV.  The cheese is excellent.  Very flavorful and with that great salty cheese taste.

I was disappointed in the selection.  The deli area is much smaller than the original.  I was hoping I could get some peppers stuffed with prosciutto wrapped cheese.  Not at this location.  I guess I need to try another Italian deli and see if I can find a better selection.笑
This little spot is less than a mile from my work, so I was destined to eventually try it out. I dined here for lunch last week with a coworker and was astounded by the number of patrons they serve for lunch. The deli portion is ample and appears to have all the basics of a good Italian deli. I got all reminiscent of the Sopranos when I saw Mortadella in the deli case. Okay on to the meal... the chicken parmesan was simply perfect. The serving was generous, the chicken was pounded thin and breaded lightly with just enough crunch left to provide contrast to the hearty sauce it was covered with. The side of pasta was not necessary yet appreciated. It had the same delicious marinara sauce that accompanied the chicken. The garlic bread was everything a piece of garlic bread should be, hearty and crunchy enough to stand up to the robust sauce and full of flavor.笑
Took my grandpa to this place on a whim while driving him around town. Now it's his favorite place to go and eat. My grandpa is second generation Italian and from New York so you gotta know the food it good.笑
They have bottles of wine here that you can purchase and have them open up for you for basically wholesale prices.  We split the sausage and peppers with marinara sandwich.  They make the bread here and you notice the freshness.  We also split the gnocchi with mushrooms and sausage on a creamy sauce.  My gosh it was filling but had many flavor profiles.  Garlic bread was served with the gnocchi so you could dip it in the sauce.  We finished off lunch with espressos and chocolate covered cannoli.  Now I have another Italian restaurant to go to besides Mastrionis.  They are both very good笑
We really enjoy going here. Mellow place, good food and good service.笑
I eat here once a week. We have never had bad service or bad food. The food is a 5 and the atmosphere is a 3 that's why I gave it a 4 star. This is authentic Italian not franchise food change.笑
This place will not disappoint.  Great shop, great food, great owners.  Gnocchi is my favorite dinner (I get it with bolognese sauce and sausage - not on the menu, but they always make it for me without complaint.) I often stop by for a sandwich for lunch to take to my office as well.笑
Excellent service from all staff members. Everyone was super friendly and helpful with my deli selections. Best customer service I've received in years!笑
Good minestrone soup. Attentive service. Upbeat atmosphere. We also ordered the chicken with eggplant. Just ok.笑
Best Italian food I have ever had since I've lived in Las Vegas and I've been here for a long time! Makes me feel like I'm back home in New York :)笑
I've yet to try something here that doesn't blow me away (chicken Parmesan sub is my favorite)! Everything seems very authentic and it may be the best tiramisu I've ever had. My coworkers and I love this place笑
The food was delicious, made with fresh ingredients, and the service was impeccable. We had a group of eight and they were gracious and welcoming, and the food was ready in a fair amount of time.笑
Food is superb and the wine selections over the top. Wish the servers weren't quite so rough around the edges