It's my son's favourite restaurant and he always takes me with him. The food is ALWAYS good and the prices are reasonable. It's a great value.Ǿ
As a result of a notification from Yelp letting me know about a hot new spot nearby and seeing it was a Pho restaurant (oh no not another Pho review!) I decided to give it a try last weekend. Located in a brand new plaza in the Oakville area of Dundas and Neyagawa it was easy to get to but just a little more difficult to find. Its tiny from the outside but more than spacious enough inside. Seating for about 50 in a cozy area filled with recorded piano music, a couple of flat screen tv's (Jays game was on) and the usual Vietnamese decor. It was 3:00 in the afternoon on a gorgeous Sunday and when we arrived there were only 2 other tables occupied. Menu wasn't as extensive as most other Pho joints but they covered the necessities.  3 sizes of bowl (S,M,L), no XL.  Prices are average. Ordered the rare beef and beef balls. Arrived piping hot. Broth was good. Ingredients were fresh. As a side we had the spring-rolls. Tasty and hot but didn't have the flakier pastry most other Pho stops carry.  Price for 3 was around the $40 amount. Another at the table had the chicken soup and the third a vermicelli and spring roll bowl. Everyone enjoyed their dish and left satisfied (especially since I was paying).  Will return.Ǿ
I like the Pho here! The soup base is great, the service is fast, shrimp salad rolls were fresh.  Really near where we live so we come here all the time!Ǿ
Yummy Pho is alright..great to have another pho option in Oakville. It is a small establishment with mainly four person tables and larger ones closer to the main counter. There is a TV so it is nice to have pho and be able to watch a game. The plaza is new so the restaurant is nice and clean. Service is great and fast!
In regards to the food, it is really just alright. The soup base does not have a strong beef flavour as compared to the west end pho restaurants..maybe less MSG or the soup may just need to be boiled longer. I still enjoyed it. The noodles are wider so it is different from most of the other establishments. The beef toppings are solid..I wish they had brisket though and also bun bo hue lol
Will I come back? If I have a noodle craving and I am in the area...or possibly try their other menu offerings like the  vermicelli bowl or broken rice dishes.

Another note is prices are higher than other Vietnamese restaurants so just be prepared...give Yummy pho a try if you are in the area!Ǿ
Overall Experience: 2.5/5
Won't be coming back. Food was mediocre, the Pho broth was lacking in flavour, tasted watered down. And service was slow. I was really looking forward to having another Pho option in Oakville prior to my visit.

Food: 2/5
I ordered a large Pho and Fried Spring Rolls. The Pho lacked any beef flavour and mostly tasted watered down. The beef balls were all tendons and cartilage and you can visibly see it. Quite disappointing, I didn't think I would ever go somewhere, order Pho and not like it. However the Spring Rolls were pretty good. Prices are more expensive than Pho Mi 89 in Oakville.

Service: 2/5
Service is slow, waited almost 25 minutes for my take-out with only 6 other people dining in the restaurant.

Atmosphere: 3/5
Restaurant is clean and the decor is new. There's about 15 tables of four, and wasn't very busy during weekday lunch.

Tips & Recommendations:
-$15 minimum on Debit transactions
-Plenty of parking
-Lunch Break Friendly? YesǾ
Decided to try this based on the reviews saying it is better than the other Pho place in Oakville.

Overall I thought this was a decent pho place, but definitely not one of my favorites. As mentioned on other reviews, it is slightly more expensive than other pho restaurants and the portions are a bit smaller (my large pho reminded me of a medium at another place). 

The broth tasted super clean (.. Almost healthy tasting). The noodles were a bit thicker than the other pho places I've tried. Overall it was good tasting, but definitely not the best pho I've had. 

One thing to note is that the menu is much smaller at this restaurant than other pho places as well. Depending on which Vietnamese dish you are looking for, they may not have it. 

I think this is a decent pho place but I would likely go to another one over this. I prefer a more flavorful broth, with larger portions.Ǿ
Happy to have another pho option in Oakville. Pho broth was delicious and so were the roles. Service was great and the restaurant was clean. This will be a weekly spot.Ǿ
It's definitely good to have another pho place in Oakville besides Pho 89.  Overall, I'd probably rate this place 3.5 stars.  

Food:  It's your typical pho place, but from what my mom said, the broth had a good authentic taste and wasn't full of msg.  The tofu pad thai was also pretty food and a decent portion size. 

Service: Very friendly and polite people.  Seems like a family run business and they actually care.  

Price: Okay prices, slightly (not a lot) pricier than other places.  

Atmosphere: It's on the smaller side, but very clean.  

Verdict: If you're within a 10 minute drive, then it's worth a visit. Much better than the other pho restaurant on Dundas in Oakville.Ǿ
I went on a Wednesday just after opening (11:00 AM). I was the only customer given that it was so early. I had been waiting so long for this place to open but was disappointed to find out they are closed on Sundays (my prime pho eating day). Seems to be family run and they are friendly folks. Got a large Pho Dac Biet (under $10), noted they didn't have an XL size. Was pleased to get what I expected, although pleasantly surprised to see that they use the slightly broader than usual rice noodles. If you go to pho places often enough, you'll know that most of them use the ones that are about 3mm wide. Not that this makes a big difference, but visually and somehow psychologically, it does. Broth was VERY good, not too salty like some places and no MSG aftertaste (that I could discern). Two other customers came it to ask for take out menus, then left. Soft piano music plays while CP24 loops on the TV. The waving asian cat, buddhas and usual good fortune plants decorate the restaurant. Didn't visit the bathroom. Restaurant looks to sit about 40-50 people. I loved how clean it was and will definitely be back.Ǿ
It was a last minute decision to come here and 15 minutes before closing. I walked in and place my order and the server was pleasantly accepting of us arriving this close to closing hour. We were craving pho and some spring rolls and we were not disappointed. The food was delicious and very traditional tasting. The place is small and a bit hidden but once you enter it's cozy, clean, and the washroom is clean, and food is served in a timely matter. Price is standard like any other Vietnamese pho restaurant. We will definitely be a repeat customer. This is will be our go to place from now on.!Ǿ
Love that there's a new Pho spot in Oakville. Pho was delicious, servers were friendly & the place is clean and nicely decorated. Will be back!!