Went with the bf for AYCE dinner for $18.99. Sushi was fresh and tasty. I really recommend the chicken udon soup. The broth was so sweet and refreshing! The yam tempura was very good, with not too much tempura so you could actually taste the sweet potato!  Service was good too. One waitress was awesome, super friendly and polite. Another was quite unpleasant and seemed really detached. As it was our first time going, I will just assume that she had a bad day. Both waitresses came by regularly to offer top ups of green tea, which was very nice. I'll be returning to kimono in the future!Ǿ
BOTTOM LINE - HORRIBLE, but read on of you're interested.

My entire family has been coming here since they opened years back. As of tonight, they have lost all of our business - which I might add would be several thousands annually.

The restaurant has been owned by a nice Chinese couple and up until recently had done well with the business. The quality of the food has taken a slide meaning, it's hit or miss. Tonight was mediocre at best. If Jenny or her husband are in working the kitchen and sushi bar, the food is usually fantastic and well worth the price. More often than not though, the husband seems uninterested and has other people doing the sushi bar for him. Needles to say on these nights the food is absolute crap, as it was tonight.

But we being a tolerant and nice bunch, can live with the hit or miss because we genuinely like the couple. Or did.

Tonight's experience was a nightmare for my wife and I who were the only people in the restaurant. We arrived at 9:15pm and promptly ordered. The food began to arrive at 9:30 and we started to eat. A waitress came to the table and told us that they were going to close the kitchen early and we needed to get our next AYCES order in right away. I told her we have barely had time to eat what was on the table and want ready to order the next round, and she walked away. Less than 5 minutes passes and the sushi chef came to us in a huff and demanded that we order right away because he wanted to clean. In an ignorant tone and manner I might add.

The owner (husband) was standing by watching and I asked him what was going on and when this horrible attitude came about. He stayed silent, as if he were afraid of annoying his own staff. I asked him who was running the place and still, silent. I told him that if this is how the place is being run, he would lose my business and everyone connected to me. At that moment the waitress comes in and said that was wrong for me to say and that I wasn't nice.

I'm still in shock that someone would throw good business down the drain just because the staff want to leave early because it's slow. We all have bad days. I have worked very successfully in the hospitality industry for nearly 30 years and a successful restaurant is built upon many things including consistency and reliability that the place will be open for business, even when the day is off.

Jenny and husband - thank you for many years of AYCES and I wish you well. But for myself and my dozen or so family members that eat at your restaurant on a regular basis - will never be back.

The service from the waitress (Caucasian woman) is horrible. The quality of rolls and sushi that your chef made tonight was horrible as most of it was faking apart while plated. Not forgetting to mention that he is an ignorant little prick and the owner standing there looking at me as if I had two heads. Maybe I did. It is Halloween afterall.Ǿ
$17 AYCE Sushi Deal buys a great variety of very fresh sushi, excellently prepared.  The butterfish offerings were especially fresh and tasty.  Unagi was a bit overcooked, but also very fresh.  We did not get a chance to try the tempura, but the gyoza were quite good.

No decor to speak of.  Service was friendly but seemed a bit hurried when taking orders and lax when delivering.

Good when you are in the mood for AYCE sushi.Ǿ
I should have listened to the reviews and not gone here. The first thing I noticed when I was seated that the front window was really dirty. Should have been a warning sign. Also there was no air conditioning which I found bizarre as the place has quite a few seats, it's not just a quickie take away or anything. I got the lunch AYCE for 11.99. 

I started with the miso soup. It was average. The yam tempura maki was made with undercooked yam. It was crunchy and not just from the tempura coating. The spicy salmon roll was gross because the salmon was obviously frozen previously and massacred in the cutting process. I also noticed the roll was warm. Not like sitting out for 30 minutes on a counter but like warmer than normal room temperature. The mackerel nigiri had very little fish. The fish was again warm. The surf clam nigiri was also warm. Seeing a pattern I pondered whether they might be lacking refrigeration as well as a/c. I'm not a food safety expert but something tells me letting raw fish sit in the summer heat without cooling and then selling it to people might become an issue before long.

I was disgusted with the sushi by this time so I went on to try the kitchen side of the menu. The yam tempura was good. Cooked through this time. The gristle and joint (errr... chicken) fried rice was bland and contained very little flesh in favour of bits of undercooked connective tissue. The chicken karaage was very nice actually. Along with the kitchen stuff I did get a spicy avocado roll. Their spicy mayo really is spicy which is nice and the avocado had a slight chill so it wasn't as nasty as the fish.

I might have sampled something else but the server was quite insistent I move on to dessert and she suggested ice cream. I gave in and got the vanilla ice cream. It has been melted and refrozen in the serving dish. It's gross enough that the ice cream had melted and refrozen but why is it necessary to keep it in the serving bowl? Is the staff really too lazy to prepare a scoop of ice cream on demand?

The other thing that bothered me slightly was that the server never asked me how the meal was. It's probably to her benefit because I was pretty highly annoyed, but still she could have made the effort. This place gets an F-. I won't go back.Ǿ
Ordered in. My mistake.

Order took 1hr+ to be delivered. Tempura app arrived room temperature and without dipping sauce.

Had the salmon salad roll, was supposed to come with roe on top, and none was present. Doesn't look as appetizing as other sushi places'.

Going back to Rainbow sushi.Ǿ
We got delivery, which took about as long as predicted (45 min). 

You get what you expect -- a box of sushi with a cup of miso soup and the ubiquitous iceberg lettuce salad with that miso/carrot dressing. The sushi was... a bit tasteless, strangely enough. I normally don't have to put soy sauce on sushi but this needed a bit.

The quantities were absolutely huge for what you pay, and if you order over $20 you get free delivery and a cup of fresh fruit.

Overall I was happy with dinner but I have other sushi places that I'll go back to instead of this one.

EDIT: due to the huge portions I was not able to finish everything last night, so I have kaiso salad for breakfast. :3 This forgives a multitude of sins... I am a sucker for kaiso salad and this one is amazing.Ǿ
One of the better all you can eat restaurants in Toronto and lucky me, I'm a 5 minute walk away from the place.  The service is almost consistently good, the staff are friendly and the food is wonderful.  Occasionally the only issue I've had is slightly too much rice with the sushi items.  If you're not interested in an AYCE buffet, the bento boxes are delicious.  As far as sushi combos are concerned, the sushi silver is my recommendation - for $15.75 you get a satisfying meal.  Home away from home.Ǿ
I have been here a handful of time because it got rave reviews from an acquaintance. It worked well for a large group of friends when we dined in. As it is an All You Can Eat, we were obviously satisfied with the menu and options. Nothing extremely amazing but substantial. 

I ordered delivery about three times, and once got food poisoning. The sushi boat was always tasteless and nothing was fresh. 

I ordered takeout recently and came in about closing time. As I waited for my food, a staff member was mopping the floor with the most putrid smelling mop water I had ever smelled. It was worst than sewer, homeless funk and rotten flesh mixed together. I wondered--if they don't bother to EVER change their mop water--how clean is everything else? I hightailed it outta there and haven't returned...and won't.

Go up the street for better sushi at Zen Sushi on Heddington/Eglington--3 mins away. Don't waste ur $$$Ǿ
I only ate here once and I got a very upset stomach so I have not been back. When I picked up my take out the staff was friendly .The place always has customers in it so they must be doing something right. I might give this place another chance. They have a big sign up that they have quinoa and brown rice sushi.Ǿ
Had lunch here with my mom. Staff was mildly unfriendly, nothing glaring but enough to dampen the experience. I could have forgiven the service if the food had been good but it was ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING. One roll in, I couldn't eat the sushi anymore so I turned to the tempura which was cold and greasy and came with the weirdest tempura sauce I have ever tasted. Everything about the meal was off, it tasted like a group of kids with poor hygiene and no kitchen skills had decided to cook lunch. The best part? Both of us had really upset stomachs within half an hour. Never again. So many better options in the neighbourhood.Ǿ
I should have listened to the negative reviews. Went there 6 times, all for AYCE, were nice experiences except 2 times. The nice ones were when the female owner was present. She was a warm older lady, who always greets and smiles.
The other positives in a nutshell: food is excellent, clean washrooms. I love their spicy mayonnaise sauce that they use for the spicy sushi/sashimi, and their fried udon. Also, their spicy chicken is to die for.

Now the not-so-good, oh dear, should I say the most terrible experience I have ever encountered with a human being. The other 2 visits where I regretted coming was when there was only the younger male owner present with the staffs. There was this extremely rude asian woman, who claims to be the manager. If you come there often, she's the woman with glasses and shoulder length straight hair. First bad visit she was rude to my friend who asked whether the sushi that woman just put was the one my friend ordered. Afterwards she ranted towards the chef and the male owner in Chinese (too bad for her my friend also speaks Chinese) about the conversation with my friend. I paid cash and didn't leave tip due to the rude behavior.

I went there 4 more times in a span of 4 weeks before the second bad visit, where there were only the male owner and that manager. Apparently we were the only customers at that time. My friend overheard her asking the male owner something about us before we sat down.  Not even 15 seconds after we sat down, she brusquely asked when was the last time we were there. We got confused and dazed bc of the sudden question. She then said that she remembered I didn't pay full the last time I visited (later she said it was the time I visited when she was serving). Of course I was surprised and asked which visit, telling I was always meticulous when I pay something.

 I tried asking for explanation but she kept cutting me mid sentence and started shouting at me. I asked if it was true why didn't she stop me ("because you just leave rightaway!"), why she didn't say anything the one time I came there on weekday after that when she's also there (and the female owner), how can she prove I didn't pay full ("I just remembered that you paid one dollar less!"). None of those she listened calmly as she kept shouting louder and louder. I demanded to speak to the owner, and she pointed to the tall male behind the counter, while saying "if you don't like, leave!" and walked away. The male owner avoided meeting my gaze and just looked down, and Lord have mercy, snickered. 

I couldn't believe this, he was there and said nothing. The  previous 4 peaceful times before that day he was always there, and mentioned nothing about this matter. Why suddenly now? Because I didn't leave tip that one time?

My friend was confused and asked was it because I didn't leave tip that time, to which I reminded her I didn't because that woman was rude to her. That woman apparently heard this and quickly came over and shouted things again while I was still talking to my friend! I was seriously offended. She then just yelled telling us to leave.

I put the dollar she accused of not paying down on the table and left. Whether it's true or not, she shouldn't have talked like that to anybody in any situation. You can't just shouted at someone, accuses them without clarifying while doing so, in a very over the top rude manner. I can't imagine how if that had happened when there were children around.

They lost 2 customers. Very unfortunate, as they have the cheapest AYCE around here, and most of the food were delicious. I feel bad for the polite and nice female owner for having a manager like that, and that this happened when she's not around. If you still want to come there, please, please do not bring children with you.