This place was a nice find after our roadtrip to AZ. They have outside seating with table top fires if you don't want to eat inside. We arrived at 10pm and they were still serving a full menu with reverse happy hour on select appetizers and drinks. Also, they have a nice selection of craft brews. Orange Blossom from Papago Brewing Company was so good. It's not a winter beer at all, but doesn't really matter because it doesn't feel like Christmas in AZ either. It made me want to go to the brewery's headquarters in Scottsdale.笑
Just tried this restaurant at San Tan Village mall (late lunch, 2pm)... Had a bahn mi sandwich with fries. So yummy!! Taking 1 star away since the sandwich is only a winter special. It needs to be available all the time! *Keep in mind. This location is at a MALL. This mall has crappy parking and is busy. Plan accordingly.笑
Too large of a menu means they don't do anything well.  We've tried 3 times because we figured at first they were working out the kinks and that's why food was average and service was slow. Guess the kinks never got worked out because they are consistently below average.
I love local craft beer and they do have a good selection. I tried the house margarita last time because it was 1/2 off if the temperature was above 105 degrees and it was well over. I asked for a pour to taste-not to get sloshed. It wasn't well balanced and taste was ok. Plus, they didn't just give me the 1/2 price, I had to ask for it. 
We've tried various appetizers and nothing stood out as good. We've tried a few meals - and again nothing stood out. I hear the salads are good.  But I am usually not a salad eater at restaurants. 
They get 2 stars for location. I like a beer at happy hour before a movie at Santan Harkins.笑
Our 2nd time here and 1st time with kids. The food, service and manager are awesome!  Had meatball and pork sliders-VERY good.  Great beer!  Kids had sliders and Mac n Cheese and loved it. Son has peanut allergy and the manager came out to discuss menu items=amazing. Fantastic patio dining and overall experience both with and without kiddos. Our new favorite place!!!笑
This place was ok. Food was average and the service was sub par. I sat at the bar and they had two people working the bar. One would always ask what I needed but never followed through, I would have to wait for the second one to actually get a drink or order my food.笑
Went last night to meet up with some friends. First time in and we were definitely impressed!  Great selections for food and beverages. Staff was attentive and prompt on a busy Saturday night which is a plus. Had the chicken nachos and they were full of flavor and did not disappoint. We will go back when in the San Tan area.笑
Just picked up a To Go order of a steak salad for my wife who is not feeling well.  She usually really likes their salads.  Unfortunately what should be a simple order turned out to be a couple of small chunks of meat and a sad bunch of lettuce.  We used to like going to this place but apparently we won't be going forward and definitely won't be ordering take out from there.笑
I'd been looking forward to a family gathering at one of my favorite restaurant chain's new locations, Thirsty Lion Gastropub & Grill - SanTan, and this is also going on Trip Advisor... We had one of the worst restaurant experiences we've had in years. First - TURN DOWN THE MUSIC. We went for a family lunch, not for disco dancing. Second, due to the music that rattled the windows, our server completely screwed up our order. Of the 7 of us, 5 got what they ordered and I got no food at all; I had to make lunch for myself when I got home. The manager never came by as promised by our server; our server blamed the kitchen; at times there were no bartenders at their stations, and we sat with empty glasses for 28 minutes; empty plates and glasses were not cleared - this restaurant is a total write off. Would get no stars at all if that was an option - and to anyone seeing this post - don't waste your time or money. Go to the Tempe location if you like this restaurant chain.笑
We've been fans of Tempe Lion for sometime now, and we're excited to have them near us in SanTan. Well, overall still a solid. Food was tasty beers good (flights of 6 - 4.5oz pours are very generous, selection is pretty good mix of  broad craft beers) our sever was quite good but sometimes a little hard to get (busy night, but he did a good job). The bad part? The RIDICULOUS host/ess crew...terrible and inefficient. We had to wait  45 min for a table, not so bad really on a busy night and consistent with their estimation. What really is a bother was we were one foursome among 30+ people also waiting for a table - - when there were 16 (w e counted) empty tables inside....what the???. Ok, I get that you don't want to overburden servers and kitchens,. But then hire more Effn staff! No reason to have empty tables. At the very least let people sit and drink on a Friday night. This just seems like a bad organizational plan. Still, once seated we were pretty happy with the food/drink.笑
Watched the Cardinal's game on Sunday with some friends and had a blast. 

Had the pork tenderloin with a cherry bbq sauce - off the charts. It came with a side of brussel sprouts, at first I was skeptical but our sever Katie assured me they were amazing and she was right. Who knew that I liked sprouts! And Katie was a great server.

For dessert I had a Prescott beer called Achocolypse- one of the best dark beers I've ever had.

Thank you Katie, thank you Thirsty Lion.笑
Our first time at the Gilbert location.  Food wasn't that good, service was okay, and the prices were high for the quality, portion sizes, and service.笑
Went on a Friday night and had to wait 20 minutes. Which is to be expected. During the wait, grabbed a seat at the bar and chilled. It was nice. It's more of a sports bar feel there. Tvs everywhere with games on. I can't complain about that. Food was good, beer was good.笑
So many restaurants these days seem to think when it comes to their menus, quantity makes up for quality.  the more lackluster dishes they can squeeze onto a page, the more likely you'll find one that is less terrible than the rest....  Thirsty Lion proved to be a shining exception in this regard.  Our dinner Saturday night was excellent, and though their menu was perhaps as long as those other restaurants, that proved to be the only thing they had in common.  We loved every dish!

From the hostess to the GM, every member of the Staff impressed us with their professionalism.  Maybe we caught them all on a good night, but watching the kitchen tear down (we were among the last guests for the evening)  was an unexpected highlight; so rare to see great teamwork in the workplace.  

We went with a few of their specialties. A smoked Chicken Waldorf Salad, sausage flatbread pizza, tempura green beens, and their infamous fish and chips.  The Manager told us they go through something like 30 kegs of IPA every month just in the batter!  The most popular dish on their menu, it proved to be every bit as good as its reputation would suggest :)

Very pleasantly surprised to find this gem in Gilbert, we'll definitely be back soon!笑
Met some coworkers here for a going away gathering. We sat outside on the patio around a nice square fire pit table. That was about the only thing that was nice about our experience. The waiter took at least 10 minutes to greet us and then when he finally did he forgot half of our order once it was placed. Half of us got our drinks and the other half got our food. But not at the same time and the whole group did not get everything that we ordered. Another thing I want to mention is when we ordered the spinach artichoke dip we were asked if it was the  "happy hour" spinach artichoke dip. Which is fine except the portion is so small so you're not really getting a discount for happy hour. They just give you a smaller serving for a lesser price. Not worth it in my book but what is worth it is ordering the potato cakes those were delicious. Have to say I'm not sure if I will be back based on this experience.笑
Came here and like many people have said there were a bunch of open tables but they told
Us an hour wait. We ended up waiting for about 45 mins. The food was good not great but good. Decent selection of beers hopefully they rotate them at times. One thing that they need to do is put shades on the Windows. The sun was beaming in my eyes and the waitress pretty much said tough luck.笑
We met for lunch here after church. Party of 4..made an open table reservation on our way..Hostess was friendly and sat us immediately. Waitress was attentive but not familiar enough with the serving sizes of some appetizers. We had the crispy calamari..very tasty.  My father had the Stacked Enchiladas and loved them said they had a smoky flavor. Mom n I split baja fish tacos. Loved them. Great flavors. My husband had the Pork Cubano sandwich and liked it. Generous portions. Three of us got to go boxes..Sean the manager stopped by to check on service and food. We will be back. Awesome!!!!笑
Food is great! The servers have always been great but the service at the front needs some improvement. There are so many hosts at the front it's overwhelming. The communication between them has been very poor and they either forgot about us completely, sat us and never sent a server over or walked around refilling water and saw we had not been seen so she turned around and walked off. We were looking forward to thirsty lion in Gilbert. I hope it improves!笑
Went in on a lunch break and the sandwich I had was delicious. I believe it was the roasted turkey sandwich with chipotle aioli and avocado. Wow! So good. I love restaurants that spend time on design and layout. It felt very modern with a rustic feel. Open kitchen concept and the bar was smack in the middle. I'll definitely try it again!笑
Hate being seated at a high top without being asked first. Especially when there were open tables. Server was super nice and attentive. 5 stars for her. The rest of the servers look like zombies, no smiles. The food was bland and boring. I ordered the Cubano. Tasted like they got meat at a deli. The bread was bland and not grilled as stated on the menu. This is a place for drinks, not food.笑
Ok. We ended up back at Thirsty Lion and this time we actually went in. The food was great! Our server Vanessa was awesome! There weren't many people there which may have a lot to do with why our experience was so much better this time. I'm sure we'll be back again. The bf loved his sandwich. He got the caprese chicken sandwich and I quote, "This may be the best sandwich I've ever had" I went with the enchilada stack. It was good but the smokey flavor had me confused. It was so smokey I thought it was like liquid smoke possibly. Nevertheless still good just know to pick something else next time.笑
We had heard Thirsty Lion had recently opened and tried to beat the dinner crowds by going around happy hour time (4:45) on a Saturday evening. The place was packed and we were quoted an HOUR wait for two. We reluctantly decided to stick around and wait (have you ever tried to get out of the San Tan Marketplace parking lot at 5PM on a Saturday?).

Seems like the reason for the long wait was a mass abundance of Opentable reservations. We are sort of new to the whole "being constricted to eating out in the Chandler - Gilbert suburbs" thing (as opposed to driving to wherever we feel like for dinner - Tempe, Scottsdale, Arcadia, etc), so this Opentable thing was a bit of a surprise to us (apparently housewives like to make their freakishly early dinner reservations WAY in advance). Anyway, going forward we will be utilizing Opentable and planning ahead instead of winging it since we are tired of 45+ minute waits EVERYWHERE we try to go on a Saturday EARLY evening in Suburbia.

Our table was ready promptly at a little under the hour wait they had quoted us. We were seated on the patio and our server was very friendly, knowledgeable and timely. We had the scotch eggs (great), the beer cheese soup (rich but very good), the shrimp tacos (hubby raved about them) and the salmon with risotto (delicious).  

We highly enjoyed the atmosphere and food and will be back. If they can perform this well during their first weekend open, I look forward to seeing what they can do once they have been open longer.笑
It rate this just above "ok". It was busy, we had the kids and it wasn't the most kid friendly place. We had to chase down the server for ketchup and refills... there were a couple other issues and the food was descent but nothing to return for IMO.笑
Thanks to a Groupon, I decided to try Thirsty Lion.  This is another time when I wish Yelp had a 3.5 star rating.  It's a bit better than OK, but I'm not a fan yet.  I wanted to try something different, so had the Thai shrimp and green papaya salad.  The shrimp were perfectly done and the seasoning good, but the papaya had little to no taste.  Plus, I discovered I'm not a fan of fresh mint, which is certainly not the restaurant's fault.

I asked for their table bread to go with my salad, but they don't offer that.  Hmph.  So I ordered a side of flat bread seasoned with garlic and butter.  It was just that -- plain.  

During the fall and winter this place is full up at night, so I do want to go back and try their happy hour offerings and other menu items I saw.  Thirsty Lion has a nice warm atmosphere and a large patio -- perfect for those cooler evenings.笑
First off, this location is at a very busy Mall, why you would give a low rating based on parking, is beyond me.

  Awesome experiences every time. I had the salmon risotto and I LOVED IT. Made perfectly and it was well beyond what I expected. The staff was great for us. My wife and I were born days apart and we celebrate our birthdays together, so the staff made sure to make us feel like it was a big deal.   I also had a very tasty whiskey drink that I really enjoyed, thanks to our server for the advice.    Check this place out. It's usually kind of busy, but all great places are.笑
Good food, wide variety of options, extremely busy. Not sure if staff is poorly distributed because I see a lot of managers walking around in the distance but service is minimal.笑
We went here for happy hour and had a great time. The food was good, the drinks were great, but it was our waiter who made it awesome! Michael was so nice both my kids said on the way out they couldn't wait to come back :)笑
Love this Restaurant! We have been here multiple times. Each and every time we have had Excellent food, Great Service and just a great place to hang out. Holly and the Mangement team made sure our Birthday celebration was the best. Thank you!笑
I've gone to the Tempe location numerous times and loved it. I was excited to try this new location because it's close to my house. My sister and her fiancé were in town and I took them saying how great it is. I was really annoyed they were out of multiple food items. Then our drinks took forever and my soda was flat. I have more than 1 star because our waiter was good. I won't be back!笑
Thirsty Lions happy hour is a little ridiculous. There are other restaurants in San Tan that offer happy hour & give you the same size drinks & food for the happy hour price. Not Thirsty Lion, they give you smaller portions! They really need to rethink that if they plan to sustain their success because the newness will wear off.笑
Went there the first week it opened...it was jam packed and the service was sub-par.  Great happy hour specials and cold beer. I'm guessing the service will get better once everyone gets the hang of things.笑
Beau, Bree, Randi, and Smantha were super accompanying. We had a great time and we owe it all to these people!!笑
We tried to go on Friday night only to be told that we couldn't get in without a reservation, although you could see quite a few open tables. I asked about making a reservation for Sunday at 11:30 and was told it was already full. The hostess was very rude. 
I went home & made my reservation online no problem. 
Sunday, the place was empty most of the time we were there, but they were turning people away unless they had a reservation. Ridiculous. 
The food was ok, but maybe overpriced. They were out of the beer I wanted. 
Overall, not really impressed & hope they improve after their first week open. Their staff could use a course in customer service. Even our waitress was very unfamiliar with the menu & drink selection. 
Get it together.笑
Good food and cool atmosphere.  Nachos are great.  Fish and chips delicious...really good light IPA batter. Wife's burger good.  And the kid's pizza passed the ultimate test.  Nice addition to San Tan...will be back.笑
Food isn't bad.... some items on the menu are better than others. Not really sure what to say here except, the beers cold, service is good (some better than others) and the food is edible! I don't have anything negative nor over the top to write about here, but it's a decent meal!笑
Wasn't expecting great after reading the reviews but my husband and I had a fantastic happy hour here with great service.  We had a beer flight, and stated with the edamame, awesome but messy.  Then we shared the chicken fingers, pork sliders and fries, all delicious.  Our server Brittney was friendly, attentive and helpful.  Will definitely come back again.笑
I was invited to the soft opening at TL and the food was very good. They mixed up my entree and the service was spotty but it was a training night and it was free so I was satisfied. 
I went again this week and the food again was tasty and fresh but the service was missing. My entree was warm but not hot because of the service. We had to call someone to pick up our check and our entree order wasent taken until well after our app was finished. It added 20-30 min to our night. 
The service needs to step up because I like the Thirsty Lion and want it to succeed. Great atmosphere btw.笑
So disappointed in the service. Or lack of. We walked in at 1:00p on Saturday for lunch with a super-friendly male greeter. We were then turned over to the rudest female hostess we might have ever come across. Tall, younger girl. She couldn't be bothered more to have to seat us. We then waited for about 15 minutes for a server to come to our table, to no avail, before we ended up walking out. It was definitely busy, but there's no excuse for terrible service.笑
The service was very slow. There was a 45 min wait to get a table and another 30 min wait to get our food. Once the food came out 2/4 of the orders were cold. They made it right by bringing us out something hot. Food was excellent when it was hot. I'd give it another try, despite the fair service/long waits.笑
This place is absolutely unprofessional. Went there to watch the game because it is a sports bar. Hey thirsty lion, you are not the Keg. If you don't want people cheering and being loud, don't show games.笑
Went here for the first time with my aunt and was very surprised. Its very spacious in here with lots of TVs around the bar. The food was a little pricier than normal but the servings are large and worth the money. Everything tasted great and lots of craft beers on tap. Will go back again!笑
We ate here on the 2nd night of the location being opening. We had Vinnie, whom mentioned he was from the Tempe location, he was GREAT! We exchanged quite a few laughs as he understood our various concerns due to food intolerances. The kitchen was running really slow and they even ran out of the entree we both wanted. Vinnie was on top of his service as well as provided options we would like due to sold out items. We will definitely be back.笑
My daughter and I stopped in for lunch during a shopping trip at San tan village. I had the salmon which was honestly the best salmon I've had in years. My daughter also very much enjoyed her chicken tenders. A manager by the name of Kelsey came and sparked up some awesome conversation during our visit. Overall I was so pleasantly surprised and I will most definitely be coming back with my family soon. I can't wait to have the salmon again!!笑
Had a great experience with an observant staff and a great selection of drinks and food. The French dip was awesome and the Brest soaked up the meat and sauce without losing soft solid texture. Definitely coming back.笑
We stopped in for a quick snack after a full day of shopping and was pleasantly surprised that it was happy hour on a Sunday! Sat on the beautiful patio. The quality of food was amazing they did not skimp at all. We ordered Salmon Cakes, that were fresh and delicious. The happy hour Kale Salad was incredible, it was piled high with greens, almonds and then topped with the most delicious cheese. My mom loved the barbecue sauce that came with her hand breaded chicken tenders. We finished the visit off with their seasonal bread pudding!!!!! Out of this world, best I ever had! Our server BJ was great, very friendly and even the food runners were very attentive and nice. The managers on duty stopped by the table to say hello. My new favorite stop at San Tan.笑
Loud music and staff is inattentive. Nothing special with this place except for happy hour where you can get their good food for affordable price.Yum!笑
My family and I went here on a sat evening and it was super crazy busy. We figured it would be worth it. Unfortunately it took about 45 minutes to get our order and then to top it off the order wasnt completely done(pizza cooked) now I'm giving this 4 stars cause our server Michael and the gm Shawn went above and beyond to correct the situation and you can tell they genuinely care about their business and customers. Something you don't find often in a restaurant setting. So thank you and we will def be back for the food and atmosphere and staff but maybe at a less hectic time.笑
Drinks are good, food is okay, but the service is the reason that keeps me from coming back more often. The servers seem way less experienced compared to the other restaurants around (and there are plenty more to choose from.)笑
Just left the San Tan mall location. Don't sit  at bar-- takes too long to order, get your drink & try to get a bartender's attention. Great food! But we gave up and went elsewhere to enjoy more beverage.笑
Staff is pretty friendly, food and drinks are usually great. My boyfriend and I went for a late lunch and cocktails, it took us almost 25 minutes to get a drink because they were pretty much grilling us for our out of state IDs(this has NEVER happened to us here) They took our IDs for a second time for about 7 minutes and made us sign some sort of waver or something, then they sent out another waitress to literally question us about where we're from. We're originally from Washington state and still have those IDs. We totally played along with this game but it was very uncomfortable and embarrassing at one point, makes me never want to go back. Our sweet waitress who just moved from the Virgin Islands was the only thing that saved this experience..笑
Really not impressed on several levels: 

First of all, if one is expecting the same beer selection (as I was) as the Tempe location, forget it. In fact, their selection is hugely unimpressive. 

The food likewise is a fail. The fries were hard, their classic club sandwich was unremarkable (bread hard), the spinach dip serving size too small, my child's burger too dry, but, the garlic edamame was good. All the above we've had at the Tempe location and they tasted outstanding. Not here. 

I've personally participated in several food & beverage roll-outs. If I'm correct, this location opened later than its earlier scheduled grand opening. After such a delay, one expects the location to be ready when opened. 
Not the case here. Just 3 days after their opening, we entered about 3:30pm and while 3/5 of the seating was open and despite the obviously large wait staff we waited -- really bad optics. 
Once seated, service was ridiculously slow (to be fair, this is a notorious issue at the Tempe location). 

Anyway, my much anticipated LOCAL, 'new watering hole' totally went down in flames. 
So here's the gist, if you want slow service, boring beer, unremarkable bar food, all at completely uncompetitive Happy Hour features/prices, then here's a goto...笑
So excited the Gilbert location has opened and I want to absolutely love it! But it's been a rough start to this opening. 

A lot of the food is gone, same with the drinks, and the wait was an hour and a half to find all this out. First statement from the waitress: "our happy hour drinks are your basic bar drinks (jack and coke, etc) and there is no happy hour food. If you were expecting Tempe, I'm sorry but we're going to disappoint you." 

I'm hoping to come back after a time and it will be better. Right now I'm going to continue drinking my Vanilla Porter and hanging out with the man and the girl.笑
Yuck.  From the service to the food, this place was horrible.  Ordered the chicken enchiladas and couldn't eat more than a few bites.  They were terrible.  Took forever for our server to acknowledge us and even longer for her to bring the food.  The prices were crazy expensive for nearly inedible food.  We won't be back.笑
Overall, not impressed.  The service was incredibly slow.  We ordered appetizers that took over 20 minutes to get to our table, and then our entrees showed up before we could even finish them.  My husband compared his French dip sandwich to a steakum.   I had the shrimp tacos.  The flavor was good but for 3 tacos there was probably the equivalent of 3 shrimp.   We then made the mistake of ordering desserts.   Another 20 minute wait.   Sorry to say, won't be back.笑
Visited Friday,  Feb 10, 2017 for business lunch.  Had a wonderful experience.  Kitchen was out of the menu item I ordered, salmon cakes.  Our server,  BJ,  and the restaurant manager went above and beyond to accomodate me because of the slight delay in lunch. I was happily surprised,  they didn't have to,  but they did.  Served me a soup of my choice (free) until the food was freshly made and they kept checking on us. In another restaurant I would have just been informed of the delay. This wss my first time to this particular location. Will definitely be back. P. S.  the food was worth the wait.笑
Stopped in on Saturday afternoon and sat at the bar.  The employees all had an attitude like you were bothering them. None of the bartenders were friendly at all.  Could have been a decent place to hang out but with the attitude problems we most likely will not go back笑
Love the outdoor patios and happy hour menu. Service was slow, but it was VERY busy, so that was understandable. My pizza was very good!  Also had a house margarita on happy hour. YUM!笑
Recently went here with some friends. I love the atmosphere of this place. It is perfect for all ages. The happy hour menu is full of delicious items. They have a wide variety of drinks as well. I'm glad they built one closer to where my family and I live.笑
We were so excited that a Thirsty Lion was going to be in our neighborhood. We made a reservation for Mother's Day at 6:00.   We knew going in that this was their 6th day of operations and expected some opening glitches....but didn't expect what we got. We knew that Mother's Day would be a challenge just because that is a popular day.  First thing they were out of was bourbon (What?Why?How?) and the waitresses excuse was they had a busy opening week. Then the item that we came here for which is our favorite at the other locations are the Scottish Eggs, and they were out!! Ruined my Mother's Day. You couldn't go to the grocery store and buy some eggs and sausage. So my second option was Edamame. Struck out there too. She said they were out of most of the appetizers. So we opted for the pretzels and the disgusting, tasteless cheese that it came with and an order of the Calamari which was okay. From making drinks not as ordered, slow service and out of food I am only giving them one star. The reason being that I think the management screwed up. They have to know that all their other restaurants are always busy and this should have been no exception. Especially for opening week they should've had double the amount of supplies needed. I would be totally embarrassed if I was management. And I feel sorry for the waitresses that have to relay that they don't have certain items. Especially when you're known for them. I will go back to this location at a later date and I will review it again to see if it improves.  If not I guess I'll be driving to Tempe.笑
This is how a restaurant should be. Exceptionally staffed. A lively spirit and yet comfortable to chat in. Food is excellent and your choice of drink that will keep you coming back for more. I love both locations I have been to. Tempe and Gilbert. Keep it up mates!

Cheers笑
Been looking for a good gastropub since visiting London, and my best friend took me here for my birthday. I had so much fun!!!
First off, let me just say that this is a busy mall area, so do what we did and make reservations a day in advance. People complain about long wait times, but we had no problem at all - because we made reservations. I think this must be a forgotten art - when we walked in, the hostesses seemed so surprised. Surprised, but happy to help, I'll say.
We had a high table in the middle of the place with tall stools - very possibly the most comfortable stools in existence. They're big and cushy and didn't hurt my legs. Lol. They had the Windows open, allowing a lovely breeze to go through the establishment, which was refreshing.
Our server was so nice and the food was good. We got scotch eggs, which were perfect. In our group, two of us had the fish and chips, another had a bbq chicken pizza and the fourth had the chicken Waldorf salad. Fish was the best I've had since London, if a bit on the smaller size. Coleslaw was delicious. The smoked chicken in the Waldorf Salad was so smoky, you could smell it from across the table - wow! It was amazing-good. 
When our server found out it was my birthday, he brought out the most amazing hot fudge sundae - and a card signed my the staff! It was so adorable, I loved it!! He sang happy birthday, it was low key, nothing weird or embarrassing like at some places. 
Overall, it was a wonderful evening with good food and fun. I'll say it again - Do it old school and just make reservations. This isn't McDonald's or Taco Bell - don't just show up and then be grumpy that it took so long to be seated. It's new, the staff is still finding their groove, waiting 10 minutes might turn into 20 - especially when people like me and my group are having such a nice time, we're not eager to leave!  So just call ahead, you'll have an amazing night. One of my happiest birthdays ever.笑
Awful. Sat there for 30 minutes and no one waited on us! I heard it was horrible service but now I have seen it. And when we told them how bad the waitress yells at us. We just left now.笑
After a huge annual office event, I wanted a way to say, "thank you", to my hard working employees. I was put in contact with the event manager of The Thirsty Lion, Deanna.  Having never been to The Thirsty Lion, I wasn't sure what to expect. Deanna listened to what I was looking for, made suggestions on what food to serve for my particular group and what time would work best for our group. Best of all? She kept in contact with me each step of the way. Very professional! I've worked with quite a few event managers and this young lady impressed the heck out of me.

My office came in Tuesday, November 8th (amid all the election chaos!). The hostess wasted no time seating us. We had our own area towards the back of the restaurant reserved just for us. It was perfect! Sam, our server, was on top of her game! She made additional food suggestions (Artichoke Pizza and Nachos!), joked with my staff and brought much needed drinks out lickety split! 

I have had my fair share of "bar food" and I guess that's what I was expecting. Boy, was I wrong! The food was amazing! The Edamame, pizza and even the nachos were far from the norm. They were delicious (and quickly devoured!). One of our girls could not have gluten and so Sam recommended the Brussel Sprouts (which our group agreed were amazing).  

From start to finish, everything went flawlessly and our staff all agreed that The Thirsty Lion is now our "go to" for future events. I don't leave Yelp reviews often, but was so impressed at how our appreciation happy hour / dinner went, I felt compelled to share my experience.  Thank you, Deanna, Sam, and the entire staff at The Thirsty Lion for helping a bunch of working stiffs have a relaxing, fun (and delicious) evening!笑
I've been here a few times and have always had excellent service. The food is what you'd expect from a gastropub, and neither my guests or I have ever had any complaints about the food. I especially love the artichoke starter. 

Bar menu is satisfying with a good mix of local and other beers. The cocktail selection is adequate and made with quality. 

Indoors is quite loud (the music is way too loud) so I always opt to sit outside. 

I love this place for a chill meet up with friends; then you can walk it all off around San Tan Village mall.笑
Had dinner at 6:15.  There was a very long wait but we made reservations through open table and were seated right away.  It is very crowded but not surprised since this was their second weekend open.  Server was sort of friendly but very rushed. Had a beer and it if course was good.  Appetizer was chicken nachos which was very good and nice portion size.  One mistake was appetizer plate was brought out with yellow globs of food on it... Very disgusting.  
Daughter ordered fish and chips, which was very good.  I ordered stacked chicken  enchilada it was good but would have been Better if the flavor had not been identical to the nachos.  Same smoked chicken, same flavor base.  Talked with manager and he said they used the wrong chicken on the nachos.  So overall I would go back.  They have growing pains but worth the visit.  

Update: 
Second visit, great service.  Some Food was brought out Luke warm.  Daughters fries were cold and tough, Mac and cheese barely warm.  Pork sliders came out hot and tasted great.  Daughters pub burger was spot on.


Update:
Well they went downhill bad.  Service was terrible and they were very inattentive.  
I had the pub burger.  Onion was raw and the fries came out in one large clump all stuck together.  Manager was an idiot.  Kept making excuses and stumbled over his words.  Place is way too loud.  Could not hear my daughter talk.  Will not go back!

Update: 
Well we went back again, hoping it would be a good visit.  Service was terrible. I ordered Tuscan pizza which came out very undercooked.  Daughter ordered California roll which came out as calamari.  Employee made excuses of being understaffed for poor service. Manager agreed pizza was not done. Took over 45 minutes to get our dinner to us which we could not eat.

Manager seemed to not care had smirk on his face and kept staring at the floor while I was trying to talk with him. We were idiots for going back.笑
Left a negative review in June, management said that they would follow-up with me, nothing to date.....Why am I not surprised....笑
I will start by saying my experience trying to get a seat for happy hour on Friday and Saturday was amazingly difficult and frustrating.  My one star goes to the host girls that are checking guests in and one star for the manager who was not present.   I checked in on Friday at 4pm for happy hour with my 3 kids and was told it would be 15-20 minute wait. No problem.  There were empty seats outside and inside, I'm talking 12-15 tables. I walked around San tan village awaiting a text. 40 minutes go by and nothing. I ended up going to Brio that has a fabulous happy hour.  1:05 minutes later I got the text that my table was ready.  I came back Saturday at 3pm..took 45 minutes for the same 15-20 minutes that the hostess crew said it would take.  Very disorganized. The excuse both night was that they didn't want to overwhelm the servers or the kitchen.  I was dumbfounded by that answer.! You over hire and you pack that place in on your first week.

I did however finally get a table outside and was served by Ally.  She was great, attentive and the food and beer was good.  The managers need to get a handle on this disorganization up front and five realistic wait expectations and hire more crew. Boys a great concept in a great location. No wont come back until they straighten up and assure a great dining experience.笑
Very pleased with this location. I have been to the Tempe location a lot and just so happened to pop in here and gave it a try. Our server Sam was very attentive and suggested awesome appetizers ! Everything was reasonably priced. It's nice to see great service with the same quality in food. Thank you Sam! We will be back!笑
My friends & I come into Thirsty Lion alllll the time for their orange chicken & artichoke dip! The passion fruit mojito is to die for! But of course, I always go back to see my favorite server Sam! Highly recommend Thirsty Lion to anyone that's hungry! The portions are huge!笑
So we went on a Saturday night and they said it was a 40 minute wait, so we left our number...grabbed a drink at a bar and 20 minutes later we got a text...they held our spot for us...Score a point for the Lion.

Food, well I have had better Scotch Eggs, but this was a valiant effort. The bacon wrapped dates...AMAZING. The stacked smoked chicken dinner, very very good!! 

Drinks. If it's 105 outside it's half off Moscow Mules....I don't think they actually check the temp, so that is a plus...Score more points for the Lion.

Overall, it is a pretty decent place and the food is good. Nothing bad to say about it. It is large, and it is kind of a Chain feel, but the food and the drinks definitely makeup for that aspect.

Give it a try!!笑
This place is amazing! I've been to the one in Tempe and now I'm Gilbert. Great selections of beer on tap, great atmosphere and excellent food! I would highly recommend笑
I've been here 5 times as of this review. Darcie and I stopped by today following a Wonder Woman matinée at Fat Cats. 

The place has a pleasant tavern atmosphere with attentive, friendly staff, but falls dead-center on 3 stars due to lack luster food quality. My rating for Thirsty Lion includes a +1 for the atmosphere and staff. So, from a food-quality stand point, understand that you are walking into a 2 out of 5 establishment.

My analysis is that Thirsty Lion is trying to do too much and not doing particularly well at any of their offerings. Drop some of those other trades Jack; be a master of something!  Frustratingly. a lot of restaurants are falling into this category. I'm so weary of the food-service clamor to bludgeon the customer with Gourmet This and Gourmet That. Oh Arugula. Aaah Brioche. Yeeee Aioli. Reindeer goat-cheese pizza! (Hudson Hawk reference there.) It just makes me want to roundhouse the next bearded hipster I see, stand over him, and yell: "See what you have done!" But I digress.

It's not that the food is bad, there's just nothing that distinguishes it above something you can get from a drive through, except that you can get a glass of beer or wine.

I've been all over the menu. At one time they had a Bánh Mì sandwich. Oh, it was dry and awful. I've had the fish and chips, sub par. The pizza is bland. The burgers aren't worth the expense, the meat has little flavor, and yikes, Way Way Way too much bun. Today my wife and I shared a Tavern Burger. No noteworthy difference.

The one item that had kept me coming back, the Hand-Breaded Chicken Tenderloins, has been consistently overcooked on my last 3 visits. Note to kitchen: the tenderloins should be golden brown. Not golden brown with splotches of very dark brown. You guys are cooking them 45-60 seconds too long. On today's visit, they were only slightly over cooked, but this go-round they were also under seasoned and tasteless. I don't think they were salted coming out of the fryer. On my 2nd to last visit I refused the order because it was very noticeably overcooked. I remarked to the server on the darkness of the tenders. He tried to explain that they just come that way. I countered that they didn't used to. I cut into a piece and showed him a dry cross section. He got us another order. It came the exact same way. I did a repeat performance of my show and tell with the manager. He took the tenderloins off our bill. {sigh} Please bring back the tenderloin tastiness. 

Enjoy the customer service and the atmosphere, watch a game, have a beer or glass of wine. Don't expect much else.

As for us, I think we are going to give Thirsty Lion an extended break, probably 6 months or so.

If you are looking for a good burger, far better options are:
 *  Cold Beer and Cheeseburgers (awesome variety done right)
 *  Liberty Market (best tasting ground beef in the state - bar none)
 *  The Chuckbox (for that low-cost, ASU-nostalgic, mesquite grilled tastiness) 

If you are looking for chicken tenders, just head to Canes.笑
The....... service........ is.......... so............ SLOW!  Great atmosphere and they offer a good menu but we have given this place so many chances in hopes the service would improve and it has not. Once seated, you are pretty much forgotten about for a while. Drinks from the bar must be sent in from the Tempe location because they take forever too.  Food service is no quicker and the past 2 times there has been mistakes with the order. Done. We have spoken to several other people who have had the same experience there. We will not be back.笑
Very disappointed in my visit to this location! Ordered a drink and immediately handed the server my i.d. After staring at it and muttering "1995" under her breath she eventually handed it back and walked away. Comes back and asks to see my i.d. again. Continues to say my birthdate back to me as if she's confused. Manager finally brings me my drink, but not before asking to see it AGAIN. My birthdate is July 1995. You would think the staff of a BAR would know that as of January 2017, you should start looking for the birth year 1996. VERY unprofessional on both the server and managers behalf. After that, our waters were never refilled and were brought wrong appetizer. Server seemed ditzy, rude, uninterested, and not clearly not suitable to be in this type of industry. Never returning to this location again.笑
Tuesday evening just before happy hour service ends (5:45pm ).  We were seated right away at a spacious round table.  The Happy Hour menu was nice, snuck in for some $4 margaritas that were very good but lots of ice.... not much marg.  Still drank 2 as they were not heavy on mixer rather fresh and tasty.  

Service was a bit slow... slow for drinks, slow for water refills and my daughter asked for some aioli on the side which the waitress needed asked twice for.  It wasn't that they were too busy, just wasn't that gals fastest night.  That may/may not be an ongoing issue so if you're in a rush consider that but for us, it was not a big deal... just noted even getting the check picked up was slow.  

The menu is large with cuisine to appeal to anyone.  It was good, I'd return if someone suggested it or more likely, to stop for happy hour and a few snacks.  I think that's where they may shine.  If you're a pretzel fan get the oven baked pretzel with beer fondue, that too was pretty delicious.笑
I really wish I could give the Thirsty Lion 2.5 starts... but I cannot round up to 3. We went for lunch today and it was well staffed, actually over staffed with 4 greeters upon arrival. With all the help, service was still slow.... 

The real problem came when we reviewed the menu. The Thirsty Lion used to have wonderful English pub fare and an amazing beer selection. We were disappointed to see overly priced standard bar food was the flavor of the day. Everything from sushi to bbq pizza to flatbread to fish tacos... Come on, how about some shepard pie or bangers and mash? In addition, now about a lunch menu that doesn't start at $14/plate. 

All in all... really average food with below average service.笑
Zero stars isn't an option. Friday night 10pm they are fairly busy but 20-30% of their tables are empty and my wife and I stand at their front door for 5 minutes being passed by multiple employees with nobody saying hello.  Finally get seated in the worst possible seat out of the 30 that are open. Sit there for 10-12 minutes again while multiple employees pass by nobody even acknowledging our existence.  Finally say screw it and get up to leave and the guy who sat us says "have a nice night". Yeah right DB i wont be back. I bet they wont be open long with out a major restructuring.  We went to blue 32 right up the street. They were very happy to see us and help us as always.笑
Thought we'd try the new restaurant in SanTan Village and arrived at 4:15pm on a Saturday. Got seated right away but we never got waited on so we left after 10 minutes.  Other patron sitting next to us said the service was terrible.笑
Great pub feel.  Lots of TV'S to watch sports.  Great cocktail and beer menu.  But that is where the "typical sports bar" feel ends.  The food menu is so much better than your fried bar food!!  The kale salad is the best we've ever had.  The tavern burger was very tasty and we loved the grilled artichoke was a wonderful diversion from the typical appetizer.  Service friendly and attentive.  The manager Sean even made time to thank us for coming in for the first time.   Will definitely be back.   Thank you for striving for quality and not quantity!!笑
I've been here several times. I've waiting to write a review based upon previous reviews and was expecting to have a similar experience eventually. Mostly I have not had a bad experience yet. I tend to only go during lunch hours though. 

The bad ; its expensive from the food to the drinks, they also don't have the MLB package which is something I expect for weekday afternoon drinking in the summertime, and the wait staff seem a bit snotty. 

The good: food has been excellent every time, mixed drinks are delicious and the bartenders give excellent recommendations and unlike the wait staff the bartender staff has been fun and friendly nearly every time I've gone. 

My recommendation is go for lunch, sit at the bar, order some food to share and have a 1 cocktail. After that switch to beer or water unless you want a large bill.笑
Stopped in for some drinks & sat at the bar.  Randy took care of us.  I tried the New Belgium Tartastic which was decent and refreshing especially since it was still 100 degrees outside at 9:30pm.  Not sure about he happy hour which was supposed to be going from 9:30pm - close.  Didn't seem like we got the $1 off drafts when I looked at our check.  Otherwise it was an ok laid back atmosphere.  Didn't have any food so not sure about their culinary delights.笑
Whenever we have gone there service and getting the food out is always very slow. This time extremely slow!!! The manager made it right though, he came over to our table and talked with us and apologized how long it was taking. And then comped us our appetizers and desserts as well as giving us coupons for free appetizers next time! He was so great and went out of his way to make things right!笑
We had reservations for the patio - we ordered happy hour appetizers and the portions were very small-we asked for more chips which they did not want to give us - the portions were so small for the price we paid - usually a 12$ salad is pretty filling - but not here - stingy on the chicken - not sure we will be back - felt like a waste of good money -笑
This was the second time that my husband & I visited this location.  We both LOVED the drinks and food! During our first visit my husband had the Caprese Chicken Sandwich and I had the Ultimate Chicken Nachos.  Both were large portions and very yummy!  This time around we decided try to new items and got the Baja Tacos and the Italian Grinder.  We were not disappointed!  

The service is also great and there are plenty of TV's to see from really any seat in the place.  We will be back!笑
Friendly service our bartender was great and he put on the game we wanted rite away and tacos we had they were very good we also tried smoked chicken salad!!! Alex also loved the food and we will go back !!笑
Great looking staff, I mean really great looking staff. Both male and female. But what was even better the staff was super friendly, attentive, and extremely competent. Nice happy hour deals .笑
We like the Thirsty Lion at Tempe Marketplace a lot more. For some reason we always have bad luck at the Santan location. 

The service is not very good at all. On several occasions, not just once, we have ordered drinks and reminded the servers constantly about it and we will finish our entire meal and still do not have our drinks yet?! Then the servers seem offended when we say forget the drinks. 

We also have had a few servers who are extremely awkward and rude. We had a server who would cuss every time she came to check up on us and we have also had a server who was talking poorly to us about other customers. We aren't offended easily, but it is the lack of professionalism that bothers us. 

The food can be a little pricey, we still enjoy it, but really find ourselves avoiding it solely because of service. The rating isn't about the food, it's 100% about the service.笑
Food excellent..presentation of plates very impressive..Nicole the bartender is the best笑
We were a bit disappointed when we saw how small their beer selection was. The food was slow and it was quite pricey. Two of us, two beers and one sangria, plus two entrees with extra side of salad, we ended up with over $75. The side salad was charged for $6!!! The fries were not very seasoned. In general, the food was ok. Nothing specially outstanding that makes me want to order again. Michael was good. He was very attentive. 
Conclusion: I don't think we would go back.笑
I was here last weekend for the first time to watch a COPA America match with my boyfriend.  I ordered the grilled pear a prosciutto flatbread with four cheeses, grilled pear slices, arugula and candied hazelnuts, and in keeping with my pear theme I had a pear martini to wash it all down and I have to genuinely say that my whole dinner was genuinely delicious!

The patrons around us seemed to be having a nice time, the ambience was upscale and beautiful, and the service was timely and friendly.  I can say with confidence that we will return soon.笑
I waited to review the gilbert location until after I gave it an honest shot however it continued to disappoint since after the opening weekend. This review is strictly based on the service my fiance and I have received now multiple times. Poor..and that is a tactful understatement. We have been ignored at our table now on more than 1 occasion. We have had to flag down our service for drinks or correction to our meals and even as we sit here tonight our server dropped the check without saying a word. The majority of the employees do not look happy and appear to be very stressed. My fiance and I don't typically hold back in cost when we go out and we found it hard to spend money here just because of the service we were given.  This review is based on 3 separate visits, I have had multiple good experiences at the location in tempe. I challenge you to make that trip for better service.笑
I will at some point go back here, but being new to the area and having so many new options, there was not anything over the top to warrant a 4 or 5 rating from me. 

Met a buddy for drinks and some grub on a Thursday night around a month ago.  We are both fairly new to the area and picked a place we had both not been. 

We sat at the bar and I had arrived first and it was not very crowded, around 8 PM. Bartenders were plentiful and attentive as soon as I sat down, very friendly. Olympics were around that time, so the multiple TVs at the bar were nice. 

I guess these days when you say "pub", I think diverse beer selection and maybe a surprise or two in there, and while the selection is decent, it felt a little mainstream for the area and not plentiful. 

One detractor was the sound level of the music. Seemed a bit loud for a Thursday night in Gilbert. It was a little difficult to hold a conversation.

As for menu, I recall a lot off "that sounds good" options on the menu (which is one reason I'll be back), but was craving a burger that night. Burger was prepared well and tasted really quite good and we didn't wait very long for food to arrive. 

I'll be back, but I have a lot of other options to try first.笑
My husband and I were looking forward to checking out this place since we live in Gilbert and enjoy having local places to go. We were NOT impressed and these are the reasons why: The atmosphere was nothing special - loud and busy, no interesting decor, very few TV's. For only being open for three days, they were greatly understaffed and the general feeling of the staff was of confusion. The servers were more frazzled than friendly. Our drinks came out slow and our food came out slower. We first ordered a creamy artichoke dip with chips. They gave us about ten chips with two tablespoons of lukewarm dip. For the meal, we both had the Fish & Chips. The Fish pieces were a nice size but the batter was greasy. The fries were awful - chewy, and tasted like they were a day old and had been re-fried. Half of my (not too generous of a portion) of fries looked to be from the 'bottom of the barrel' - they were nearly burnt. This place is not ready to be in business. We have no plans to go back and will not be recommending Thirsty Lion to anyone.笑
***DEFINITELY RECOMMEND***

Family came in to celebrate my son's straight A report card. We ordered Brussels sprouts, lamb burger, orange chicken, and Shepard's Pie. All were great!

The service was exceptional as well. Our waitress was kind enough to have the entire wait staff sign a congratulations card for my son and provided us a free ice cream sunday. 

Great restaurant!笑
Food and service were excellent, really enjoyed out time here. 
Loved that it was right at SanTan.  

The Maple Old Fashion was perfect, and would recommend it if you like an old fashion.  Don't let the Maple in the name turn you off.  

The Scotch Eggs were also really good and not greasy like we thought they might be. 

We will defiantly be back again.笑
This was my second time here. My first time, I thought it was nothing special, food was regs, just another place to eat/drink. Probably a 3/5 AT MOST. But after this experience I'm never going back. This was the 2nd time in my life I've left no tip (left 2 bucks). My 3 hour dinner experience was the last one I will have here. My 30 min late(after everyone else got theirs) comped fish tacos were garbage. They were sitting there the whole time, I was told. They sucked regardless. The manager was one of our servers, he was garbage, complete idiot. Server was a dick, I'm never going back. I'm very sympathetic to people who work in this line of work, as I'm pretty lenient ( bring me my food and drink in a reasonable amount of time I'll give you a minimum of 25%). I realize it was Saturday night, but when tables around you arrive 30 min + after and leave 30 min+ before you (6 people in out party) I cannot and will not sympathize for you. Figure it out, your job is pretty straight forward and easy. If you can't do this, I fear for you future. Between the 6 of us we racked up around 200 dollars, the tip? A whopping 10 bucks that wasn't even deserved. Crap service = crap tip. Your welcome.笑
3 stars...are you tripping? This place is the bomb.  Howard is the bomb.  Busy...yes, caus' the food is sick.  Got a problem ? Ask for Howard. I want to live here.笑
i had only been there for their pre-grand opening before.  food was average at best.  This time was not impressed.
the server, sami, seemed like she didn't really want to be there.  will not be back!笑
We walked in tonight to a mostly empty bar. I've been to the location in Tempe Marketplace and always liked it so I thought this one would be the same. There was no one at the front so we sat ourselves at a high top near the bar. While we waited to be served, two other groups walked in and sat. All of us including the other two parties ended up walking out with being served or acknowledged.笑
Service was terrible. The bar put an ice cube in a shot glass, does that make any sense? I made a reservation and the hostess was so pretentious. You're not cursing cancer here people. Your serving overpriced drinks and food in a hipster environment. Service was slow as I mentioned. We waited a long time for everything- beers, food etc. Then I saw a bunch of waitresses putting on make up in the bathroom. No wonder all of the food was late or didn't come out all together.笑
Friendly and prompt service ..oh and the food was good too! Wasn't very busy when we went for lunch.笑
Love the atmosphere and friendly staff but the food kinda sucks. Have been there 3 times in the past month hoping it was a one off, but all 3 meals were seriously lacking. We will only come for drinks now:/笑
Crazy day, just wanted to get some food and chill. So bummed that we came here. Different experience than Tempe. Seated and waited almost 30 mins for a server. Manager (Sean) eventually stops by. Cool guy, but offers comp desert to people who don't partake desert. Food ok, service mediocre, total experience very underwhelming. Wish I would have went home and cooked.笑
We came here for a holiday party, and the staff was awesome. Food came out pretty bad.... I've been to other locations and food has always been pretty good, but not that night. Also, I couldn't find a sitter this night so I had my one year old son with me who is still in diapers. They have plenty of high chairs for kids to come to the restaurant, but they don't have a changing table in the restrooms. I had to take my kid out to the car to be able to change him. If you welcome kids put some changing tables in your restrooms. That's my reason for low review.笑
My boyfriend and I went on Sunday around 6:30pm to check it out since we'd visited the Tempe location last month for my birthday and had a great time there. At the Tempe location we had great service, food, and awesome happy hour margaritas and we were so excited that a location had opened in Gilbert. This time, we sat outside on the patio and our service was okay but not great. Inside looked like it was super packed. He ordered a margarita and a Cuban sandwich. I ordered the hazelnut strawberry salad and a flavored margarita. My drink was okay but his margarita tasted like lemon water; flavorless, weak, and watered down. His food was nothing to rave about either. My salad was flavorless and I even had to request salt to give it some flavor. We felt so let down. We were so excited and left so disappointed. Maybe we'll give a few more tries or just make the trip to the Tempe location.笑
Went here after work on a Wednesday night, Angel was our bartender and she was amazing! So personable and friendly, a reason to go back. We'll see you soon Angel!!笑
Excellent on all counts. Service, quality and ambiance were all above and beyond. Because of the manager, bartender Randi and server Shannon we will be back sooner than later.笑
I don't go to sports bars because quite frankly I don't like sports. This place is awesome, though. Great drink menu, super friendly and knowledgeable staff, amazing food. I had a flatbread that was really great. Looking forward to going again.笑
They need to get their crap together in order for me to come back. Service is terrible!笑
Pretty nice place. Good atmosphere. My review is on the Fish and Chips. They are outstanding...Very very good.笑
Absolutely nothing bad to say.  Great food, fun atmosphere, and good selection of draft beer.  To top it off they were genius with the placement and coverings off their patios.  Had lunch outside in 105o and was very comfortable with the mister system and didnt feel like i was in a rain shower.  
Service was good but not great.  Burger was cooked to perfection and their fries are awesome.笑
This place is not ready to be in business.. the service is horable. The whole reason for a appetizer is to get it before the meal. Don't come and tell me that you gave my food to another table on accident and still go on about ur day. Nope not happy one bit.笑
ALways a wait to get in... my tip: get a babysitter for your kids & sit at the bar. There is always room there!!! You also get quicker service & better attention on your drinks :) Try the fish tacos, they are sooooooo good! I am not a fish taco kinda gal, but since Ive tried thiers, Im obsessed & i CRAVE Them!笑
We love the Thirsty Lion, always great service and beer choices! However, the menu seems to have an identity crisis...it's supposed to be an English style pub so why are they serving sushi? It's not even good sushi笑
Just the beginning of a disappointing evening.  We went to have dinner before a show.  The aps were cold and for the most part tasteless. The bar staff was unattentive and when we asked for something it was almost like we were bothering them.  Definitely not going back.  We didn't say anything about the aps because we were so hungry it wasn't funny and by the time we would have gotten anyone's attention it would have been to late.笑
Had a blast catching up with some fun friends!  Shout out Breanna for the amazing service! #getoverit笑
We ate there yesterday for lunch while in the Phoenix area. It was our first time and I have to say it was EXCELLENT! Great selection of beer on draft and our salads were amazing! Service was attentive and there was no wait time to be seated. Highly recommend! We will be back!笑
I suppose, depending on the time, you can find a good reason to come here. K and I were looking for something to do while C was at rehearsal for Fiddler on The Roof. We thought we would give this place a try. OMG, what a hassle parking is. It felt like it was the holiday season with so many cars pulling into the center. I can't even imagine what this place will be like come December.

We found a spot to park. There were a ton of people standing outside. It didn't look promising but the hostess told us there was immediate seating on the patio. Of course there is, it's 112' outside. But interestingly enough, the patio was almost full. We took her up on her offer and got seated on the patio.

K and I ordered a couple of beer flights ($10). This is an awesome deal and one I might actually fight the parking madness to partake in again. Six 4.5 oz samples for 10 bucks. There were some issues when the flights arrived but they got ironed out and in the end it was an awesome deal and the samples were frosty cold. 

In addition to the beer K and I also ordered some happy hour food. We chose the sliders ($4.95) which were actually a couple of pretty tasty sliders. I would recommend these. Simple pork sliders with a decent slaw and garlic aioli. Not too dry and a good value. We also got the Artichoke Spinach Dip ($5.95). Hot, bubbly cheesy goodness mixed with chopped artichokes, jalapeños, and roasted garlic. They serve this with tortilla chips but not enough of them as you will run out for sure.

Our server was a bit ditsy which was reflected in the mistakes that were made. Probably why this place rates a 3 Star and with the experience K and I shared, a 3 Star is fair.

Crazy Parking. 7 Day a Week Happy Hour. Good Food. Good Drinks. Lacking in Service. Fair Pricing for Happy Hour. 3 Stars.笑
Good place. Music was good. Not too loud. Food options were great and there was great variety. Also, their bathroom setup was on point and makes them worthy of the five stars. They put a trash can and towel dispenser right by the door so you could use a towel to open the door. Well done. Our waitress (bless her heart) had to deal with 9 of us (one baby). She was great but the hostess we made reservations with a week ago didn't hit save apparently so our waitress got stuck with two large parties. At times it was a little slow but she was great all things considered. We are a lovely bunch so it's amazing she ever even wanted to come back to our table.  So, check this place out. Way above average "bar food" and a great location. I recommend going early. There was a wait at 5:30 tonight (Saturday in July).笑
Lots of open tables, still waited 30 minutes.   Couldn't get a beer at the bar while I was waiting because they were overwhelmed.  Service was slow, order was wrong, plates were too small.  Overpriced, and service staff was unexperienced.   Salad was clearly made many hours before I received it.  Menu looks good but overpromised, overpriced, and underdelivered.  Too bad, they recently opened at San Tan Village and people were clearly excited to get in, so many turned away.  If they had staffed right they could have printed money.   Will not come back for a while until they get it straight.笑
This place left me pleasantly surprised! I don't usually like chains, actually I make it a practice to not dine at chain restaurants! But, my sister invited me to meet here for dinner and drinks and I obliged. 

We were greeted with a friendly smile. The server was cheery, prompt, and had lots to recommend on the menu. The food was good. Like really good. Again, had me surprised! We ordered the fish tacos and the Ahi salad off the gluten free menu. I figured it would be just ok, but both dishes were delicious! 

I just might return one of these nights. =)笑
I love this new location and the service is so much better than the Tempe Marketplace.  There is no comparison the staff was super friendly and very attentive got our drink orders right away sat us immediately didn't have to fight the "reserve" seating section.  Great brews on draft our server knew what was on tap she knew the happy hour menu and suggested a few of her favorite items.  Great experience!笑
I had a chicken ceasar and a beer here and wasn't all that impressed.  For the price of the salad I was expecting more.  The chicken was very dry however still seasoned nicely. Service was mediocre, but it was a relatively busy Saturday. I would go back for a beer with the guys but would skip the food.笑
Wow!! Let me just say, I've been here a few times and had a good experience but tonight topped the cake!! We came in for some birthday drinks for me (happy birthday me), and my husband was hungry but I am a pescitarian, and in only eating fish for meat, he ordered us some fish tacos. Well they made chicken tacos and gave them to us. Right before taking a bite, the manager rushed over and stopped us and clarified the mistake, thank goodness!!! He was so very genuine and apologetic and corrected the mistake. The cooks came over and apologized too and were so caring about it! They saved me from ruining a ten year chicken-free run, and on my birthday! The right food was excellent! The drinks were perfect! The staff was so friendly and helpful! Our bartender was awesome! She was singing 80's songs with us and was just having a good time too. Just an overall excellent night. Thank you thirsty lion!!!笑
The left hand brewing nitro milk stout has an amazing head and is so rich and creamy and flavorful. Ambiance of the place is hip. Our waiter was super friendly. Burger and bacon dates were fantastic. Great place!笑
I was tremendously unimpressed tonight on our first visit to the thirsty lion at the Santan Village location, we've been to the Tempe marketplace location several times and had a great experience. this experience was entirely different, we asked for the check and to go boxes, it took 20 minutes until finally we asked a passerby how we pay her check and then we waited another five minutes for service show up. They didn't give us a receipt jacket but just left a receipt on the table. I asked the waitress if they offer the bill in a bill jacket and she said no they don't do that. I did notice on the way out another table did have a bill jacket. When we paid we had to physically hand a card over to the waitress. We left with two to go boxes and no bag and I dropped both of them on the floor. I asked the attendant at the front counter if there were any to go bags, she said yes and walk to the back and came back and without opening the bag for me as my hands were obviously full she handed me the bag and turned and proceeded to talk with one of the staff and yawned. 

i'll never come back. we were delayed 30 minutes to take her to-year-old home and were thoroughly and completely unimpressed. I wasted seven dollars of a tip on that place. 

I gave one star for the food, which was good. unfortunately food is not the only thing that makes a good experience.笑
I've been here quite a few times for lunch. Food is good! Service is amaizing! Nicole at the bar is beyond attentive, very pleasant and sweet!  Beer is cold! Golf on the tvs needs to go though!!笑
Great food and service.  This was our 2nd time there and I would highly recommend this place笑
Judging by the reviews, you either love or hate this place. My experience was rather frustrating...
A friend & I joined others during happy hour, who were already seated with drinks. Servers came to check on things and did not acknowledge either of us. Servers came back to check on things.. did not acknowledge us or 2 others who wanted a drink. One drink was ordered by my friend who had to say excuse me as the guy was walking away. 

Anyway, long story short I drank my friend's ice water and did not eat. I left after being ignored for 50 minutes. Annoying.笑
I had a great experience at The Thirsty Lion tonight. The staff was friendly both at the door and while seated. The beverages and food were solid. I had a Moscow Mule and the Roasted Pork Cubano sandwich. The only reason I'm not leaving 5 stars is due to the fact that it took quite some time to receive the food after ordering. I'm thinking the staff is new as it just opened so I'm sure it'll speed up in the future. Overall, it was a great experience and I'll be back.笑
Third visit and this was the worst one. Our waitress seemed distracted and not very helpful. My husband asked for something and she said "hmm, I don't know". If he didn't say can you check on it, she would have left it at that. The lemons that we got forWe ordered a salad and a veggie panini and it took about 40 minutes! The panini was cooked on one side and burned on the other as well as coming out cold. My salad was soggy....and our waitress is nowhere to be found. The hostess was friendly. The manager did discount our bill though笑
A friend and I were invited to the pre-opening where servers and chefs were practiced on a limited menu. She had fish tacos, I had the stacked enchiladas. The enchiladas were made with a BBQ/SW flavor vs regular Mexican enchiladas. That's not my preference in flavor but the quality was there. They also gave us each a cup of curry soup, which was fantastic. That trip would've been a 4.5 - 5 star experience. We were both impressed with all of it and happily anticipated the opening to come back. 

Last night I came back with my husband. We ordered various appetizers to sample. First up was  a pretzel and beer cheese. The pretzel lacked flavor and was overcooked to the point of crispy. The beer cheese was slightly thicker than water and tasted like it came from a jar. Bummer!

Then our burger and BBQ pork sliders arrived. We both agreed they were forgettable. Service was okay. Food took awhile to arrive and she was not as attentive to refilling drinks as we would like. She took a long time to bring the check, but she was friendly. 

Someone, who we assumed was a shift manager, came by to ask how it was. We said it was fine. She asked for more info, thanked us for the feedback and offered us a couple of appetizer coupons to return again, which was nice. 

To sum it up - we might try it again since we have the coupons but the food quality and flavor wouldn't bring us back without them. Maybe I need to stick with the curry soup?

Side note: this place is LOUD! We could barely hear each other and we were in the "quieter" spot to sit in.笑
A friend and I had a great time at this location. The wait time was a big long but it was also 4:30pm on a Friday night. We waited for about 40 minutes but once we were seated it was smooth sailing. We hit up the $4 well drinks and tried some specialty cocktails as well (raspberry mojito, YUM). I had the California roll and pretzel. Pretzel was a bit dry and bland but the California roll was good. 

Our waiter, Michael, was the best thing about this location. He was extremely friendly and even though he was busy, he always made sure we had full drinks and were content. We'd come back just for his service. Overall, this is a great attraction for San Tan.笑
Not ready for prime time. Slow service, food was cold, do yourself a favor and wait six months and try it again.  They recently opened this restaurant and you can tell.  Tempe location is way better.笑
Great ambiance and service. Had a burger and a salad. Burger was excellent so was salad but the salad was a little on the small side. I would recommend trying them out.笑
Thirsty lion.... of course you're thirsty, it's hot as hell in this place.  I mean at some point why bother having walls.  It's surface of the sun, swamp-ass hot in this place.  You drink to live.   Get with the program and get some AC up in this place.

Food pretty middle of the road, and kinda pricey for its middle of the road nature.  The decor is aimed at up-scale, which begs the question why the heck they can't get the climate control working.   Service is on the slow to very slow side.  Other than the reasonable location there's not much reason to go back.笑
Long wait, ( 1/2 place was empty) took forever for drinks, messed up our appetizer and drink order, had no napkin/untensils, portion sizes too small for sharing (never usually an issue). Staff mostly teenagers. Not impressed笑
Nothing great...food just "ok"....service mediocre at best.  Noisy...making casual conversation difficult.  Better places nearby in similar price range (i.e. Brio). In my view, it is not a relaxing "go to" place.笑
I was pretty pumped to try out the Thirsty Lion thinking it was going to be more of a brewery than a restaurant. But turns out its more of a restaurant than a brewery as most the brews on tap are found pretty much anywhere. Besides that the service was pretty disappointing here. No silverware was given to us after asking for it multiple times, our waitress took almost about 30 minutes to greet us and the food was pretty mediocre. Overall not a very good experience.笑
Good food and a great waitress. Highly recommend
Ask for Crystal. 
We have been here a few rimes and Its worth the visit..笑
Make. Reservation and enjoy.  Great food and a great atmosphere. Big and open.  Very popular and I can see why.笑
I rarely write reviews - but I had a great night with some girlfriends I had not seen in a while. The Elderflower Mojito was awesome! But by far I love, love the Grilled Pear and Prosciutto flat bread. So good!笑
Well, we were greeted by a less than impressive non-smiling hostess and it went down hill from there.  We went in for a quick bite and drinks during happy hour.  We were seated about 15 minutes before happy hour was over and ordered three simple happy-hour appetizers within a few minutes.  We didn't get any food until more than FOURTY MINUTES LATER, and that was after asking for the manager.  The server was slow and not responsive or attentive.  The manager came to our table and agreed the wait was way too long and he would "take care of it" so we expected him to pay for at least the food.  We ordered one more beer from the manager that took over ten minutes to find it's way to our table.  The bill took a very long time, the plates were not cleared when empty, and the manager, though coming by neighboring tables, never returned to our table to see if things were ok.  We had to pay for the drinks and the food was free.  Oh, the food wasn't that good either.  It was uninspired and just warm.  I was NOT impressed and will go back to Gordon Biersch yards away next time.  On the positive side our margarita and seasonal spiced beer were good.笑
We were just in Monday evening and had a great experience! We sat on the patio, it really has a great vibe out there. 
It was pretty packed but we had excellent service from Sammi, she was an awesome server! Really attentive, always filling our waters and making sure we had everything we needed. She recommend the shrimp risotto (which I had and it was super tasty) we really had a fantastic experience thanks to the great service and we will definitely be back to Thirsty Lion!笑
From our waiter to the manager, they were great people. 

We have a child with food allergies and it is hard to find a place that takes our concerns as their own. The kitchen has an awesome kitchen manager. he helped us with finding out ingredients of a specific item. He took the time to actually go look and come back. 

This location has some valueable employees and would be stupid to mess that up. 

Staff we apprecaite all ur work and look forward coming back.笑
Giving this place 3 stars because our poor experience directly correlated with our food choices. We ordered the charcuterie board to start, which was a huge mistake. I mistakenly read "Gastropub" on the wall and believed it, thinking we would get a charcuterie board like one from Culinary Dropout or other gastropubs. This was a disgusting option. The only cheese was a bleu cheese and the meat was so salty and one was something that can only be described as potted meat from a can. Do not try this appetizer. 

The burger and fries we ordered were okay. Not amazing, not horrible. 

The service was sub-par. Our waitress barely visited our table and when she did, she seemed uninterested in us or providing us service. I couldn't even get my water glass filled. 

I'm sure the food here is better when ordering more bar/pub food. But if I want bar food, I would rather go to a bar, where it's a bit cheaper.笑
My mother and I decided to dine here after seeing a movie at Harkins. We ordered two salads, the southwest chicken and a caesar with cubed chicken which were priced at 14$ I believe. The salads were delivered and we were less than impressed by the portion size. The size of both salads were comparable to a side salad order, not an entree salad for dinner. The service was moderate and the mangers approach to the situation was very weak and disappointing. We haven't had the best experiences at this location and this past experience definitely ruined it for us. We will most definitely not be back.笑
I disagree with most of the negative comments.
9:30pm on a Saturday night for us.
Yes, it was packed, but we got seated right away at a high top table.
The staff was nothing but pleasant, the food was great and the cocktail menu is outstanding. 
For people to give such negative reviews the first couple weeks is stupid. It's a new place and there needs to be a huge learning curve for the staff. Lighten up Francis.
Like Todd's review....."I'm giving it one star because the manager was not present."
Give me a break, that big of a restaurant, with that big of a staff that holds THAT many people.
I'm sure the manager of that place has 49 things to worry about before he talks to your pouty ass trying to get a table and your 3 kids their chicken strips. 
It's a new place inside an already busy outside mall thats already busy from the other restaurants in the area........what do you expect at happy hour??
People that leave these reviews have never worked in the service industry. 
Sorry for the rant.笑
It is difficult to not compare the Tempe location to this new San Tan location, but one must keep in mind that Gilbert has a much more conservative population of diners ( uber conservative would be more accurate).  I think the smaller venue will ensure success for many years to come.  The food is great and the selection of brews and wines is considerable.  Forgive the Grand Opening  issues that always arise and enjoy a liberal dining experience.笑
Food, service, cleanliness all incredible.  The Scotch eggs, burger and Paella were perfection.  Chefs Edward and Ricardo, Manager LK, and Server Rachel all knew their jobs and did everything right!  Thank you for a fantastic lunch.  We will be back.笑
All the charm of Applebees, but without the same high bar for Customer Service.

If you can get a drink in less than thirty minutes in this joint, you're doing better than we did.笑
The food and drinks here are fantastic! I love all the cocktails and everything I've gotten from the menu is great. The service is sub par. I'd give the restaurant 5*'s if they had better service, but it hasn't improved since it opened. If you go, sit at the bar. The bartenders are FAR more attentive than the servers. Having to wait 10+ minutes to be greeted is excessive, and not to mention how long the food sits in the window..笑
Good atmosphere but slow AF service. If you order to go, give it a solid 30 minutes on top of what they say. Not a good place to go to before a movie as you will likely be running late to the movie. Still good food and fun place to watch a game though.

 I first posted this 20 minutes ago and am now editing it because I'm still waiting for food. Was told it would be ready in 20. Up to an hour now

Another update. Told them to call me once it's ready and went to a nearby place to get a drink. Was able to finish it by the time I got the call. Good news was, they weren't going to charge. They said it was due to an issue with the tickets so it was just recently put together in the kitchen. Also got a free appetizer card, yipee. 

Got home, food was cold, so obviously not a ticket issue, oh well, still free笑
first visit and was a very pleasant one.  we had the spicy tuna roll appetizer, followed by the smoked turkey club, both were fresh and tasty.  im giving my thumbs up and will recommend this place to friends.  howard is the manager and justin was our server.  great experience and keep up the good work.笑
I was excited to have my friends show up to my local area for some food and drinks to celebrate my belated birthday and start of NFL season. My mistake to convince everyone to go there instead of the regular spots. The service was good and Erica was very attentive to refills and your regular is the food OK kinda thing. The problem began when our party of 15 started to trickle in and some members were demanding that the volume of the music should be turned down so we could here the SNF game. Big mistake if you ask for some accommodations at this place because it's Sean the managers decision when he's on watch. After discussing the reasons why he could not help with the game a bit of effort was shown when he suggested moving us to the other side of bar or finding us another location where we can enjoy the game. Bravo, as we all are enjoying our beverages and appetizers Erica our veteran well diversified waitress whom has traveled the world returns with a completely reversed attitude along with Sean. I'm thinking he guys got a table on the other side where you and your party can enjoy the game or would you like to sit outside with the big screen TV with your party of 15 that are all now arriving?  Nope big mistake to ask for accommodations here or leave Ericas area for another waitress area. We were accused of using offensive language in particular towards Erica and Sean demanded an apology from me the belated birthday boy...long story short we paid and left the place. Bottom line is Erica the worldwide waitress needs to grow up and not make accusations that weren't true especially to a well paying group of 15 whom were there to only celebrate.  Sean the manager needs to not only check his ego at the door before entering the establishment but take some management classes at the local community college and learn some etiquette on how to treat customers. I couldn't believe what was happening to me and my group...call it what you want...and it is what it is bs but the drama was unnecessary and unprofessional on both Erica & Sean behalf. Thanks for trying to ruin our Sunday night football game Sean...yeah its not cricket or Rugby or whatever sport you enjoy in your home town but I'm sure you have been in a pub or two and gotten a lot more belligerent than dropping a couple f-bombs while watching a game....or bloody hell!笑
Quite the different experience here than dining at the one in Tempe. Spend the time and gas and drive to the Tempe location. We arrived at 4:30 in hopes of grabbing a table for some happy hour beers and snacks and then roll into dinner. There were 3 open tables on the east patio and 6 open tables on the north patio.  Inside was packed and the outside hostess said it was an hour wait. We wandered around the mall for 50 minutes and then got the text that our table was ready. At that point the outside hostess was saying it was a 2 hour wait for a table and turning people away who just wanted to go in and sit/stand at the bar. One gentleman said he just wanted to get to the bar and grab a beer...the hostess wouldn't let him in. That's crazy!

We sat outside and the entire time there was 5 to 6 open tables just sitting there with nobody seated. This was the situation until we left at 7:15. 

Our server was pretty good right up until we were ready to pay.  She completely ignored us for 15 minutes when we were trying to pay and when we jumped up and down to get her attention she acted shocked that we wanted the bill. She only had 1 other table (a large party of 12 but they were eating and pretty much ok at that point). She brought the bill without an itemized bill and we just paid and bolted. 

Can't say as if I would recommend the place based on the poor service. The beer selection is not as good as the Tempe location and if they turn people away at such a high rate they won't get a broad fan base. The food tasted good but I can get good tasting food at every restaurant there. 

If you have to check it out, maybe try the Tempe location or go to a other restaurant nearby. You'll be frustrated at this spot. 

UPDATE:  We have been back three times since then and they have been much better. The service has improved by leaps and bounds!!!!笑
Finally another great bar/pub restaurant in the San Tan Mall area. 

I've been to the Thirsty Lion in Tempe plenty of times and have always had a pleasant experience and this location was no different. Not sure why the bad reviews. I would think people would expect long wait times when a place first opens.  

I came in on a Sunday early afternoon and promptly found a seat at the bar (always my preferred seating location for day drinking =). Service was good and and bartender Natalie was friendly and helpful. Even recommending a few of her favorite drinks. 

Day drinker beware. Drinks are pricey and will quickly add up as they are delicious and go down easy. Recommend the good ol'Moscow Mule. Great for these hot days ahead. But switch to beer as they are 9 a pop. 

Was disappointed they didn't have the MLB package as it is sort of a sports bar with tvs all around, but not a deal breaker. I didn't eat this time around but can't imagine I'd be disappointed as everything else was on par with my expectations.笑
They close at twelve without announcing any sort of last call. This place is more like cut-off lion taxidermy. 

But I digress. They were out of fish cakes and I demand to know why. I shall return and inquire with in. And drink more of that Papago Orange beer. I shall. Just try and stop me. I had tuna sushi roll and instead of shredded chunk I got high quality cuts. Major boon so unsuspecting! The fries squid was alright. Not the greatest but in no way bad. I'd say like an Italian style than Asian (nothing wrong with that).

Otherwise this is a very nice late night spot with nice happy hour deals.笑
My husband and I were there on Friday evening, the server Amanda was excellent, she had a way of making you laugh and great suggestions. The food was very up to par. The atmosphere is upscale bar but casual. Outdoor seating was preferred! 
I highly suggest the Ahi Tuna.笑
Good food, service and beer selection. But PLEASE turn the music down!! It's too loud and "head banger" selection doesn't make it in GILBERT AZ. on Tuesday!!!!笑
Really Kool place.  Super clean delicious food. .   If Waikiki Beach was right outside of this place it would simulate yard house in Honolulu笑
Did a work event here and it was taken care of so professionally. They set us up in the patio, banquet style. The food was delicious! Our waiter handled the large group very well and was very friendly the whole time. Will definitely do another event here.笑
We really like this place! It's nice to have a fun place to go in Gilbert! A variety of food and drinks. Happy hour is always fun!笑
Loved the bartender Megan and Nicole. Food is OK, just nothing that would make you go "wow". it is a blend between Yard House, Cheesecake Factory and Hillstone.笑
This is my favorite spot in Gilbert for great food and drinks!! I love the atmosphere this bar has! The service is excellent. Staff is friendly and very knowledgeable of the menu and drinks. The fillet is amazing. I have also had the pretzel bites w/cheese, which do not disappoint. As for drinks, they make a mean Moscow mule and their mojitos are delicious. Don't forget to top off your meal with the brownie dessert. This is a must try :)笑
Went there today cause hubby really likes their nachos. Got seated and waited for good 10 mins and walked out without even being served at all(no one came to even offer a water). Was the first time happened to us and we are totally upset. We told the hostess that nobody served us so were just going to other restaurant. We ended up having dinner at Gordon Biersch instead.笑
This is our new favorite place! First time we sat at the bar in Saturday afternoon. My boyfriend enjoyed a snake bite and I had one of their signature cocktails, Grapefruit and basil martini. OMG! Where has this cocktail been all my life? It's life summer in a glass. So delicious and refreshing. Ok, I didn't have one I had three. 
For food we had the scotch eggs, calamari, kale salad and pulled park sandwich. It was all delicious. The bartender was very nice and our drinks were always full. 
Ate their again for dinner and the drinks and food were all excellent!笑
Food was great! Atmosphere was really cool and inviting. The two hostesses even opened the doors for us as we walked in! Service was top notch and everyone was very friendly and attentive. Manager of the restaurant was taking his time to make sure to do table touches without being too interruptive which was really nice. Only reason that I'm giving a four star review is we thought some of the female waitresses could have worn something that better fit the atmosphere. Seemed like some of them could hardly walk comfortably without worrying about a wardrobe malfunction, for the price range it should be a little more family oriented, less Las Vegas oriented. That's my only complaint, everything else was top notch! Great food, Great service, all the food we saw being brought past us going out to other tables looked fantastic! We will definitely be back!!笑
Was so excited to try this new restaurant at San Tan Mall area on Saturday afternoon.  Its convenient and a great place to meet with friends on the patio or in the beautiful bar.

I was so sadly disappointed from the beginning of the check in process.  Thinking that maybe they didn't have it all together, I figured it would get better.  They are brand new and should be on top of their game with excellent food and service, right?

There were so much staff when we put our name in, it was a little overwhelming, don't they have silverware to roll or something? The gal in the white batman dress who took our name on the wait list was a little spacey. She attempted to take our name multiple times all the while we sat and waited for our table. No smile, no personality.  We should have left at that point.

Our party consisted of 4 and none of us had been there before.  Our waitress also lacked personality and we could barely hear her. Its a loud restaurant/bar.  She made no recommendations when we stated this was our first time dining there.

I ordered a chicken ceasar salad.  It was good, nothing extra special.  It was quite small, so I thought it would be the side salad price of $5.95, however when I received the bill it was $12.95, holy moly!!!! That's ridiculously priced!!!!  My friend has a pear bruscetta and she enjoyed it.  My daughter was interested in dessert, in which we had to ask for a menu.  She ordered a hot fudge sundae.  It was $6.95 for 2 scoops of ice cream and hot fudge.  There was more whipped cream on the sundae than ice cream.

So disappointed, definitely will not be back.  I much rather head over to Kona Grill or Gordon Biersch with excellent service and signature food.  Nothing special here as service was poor and unfriendly, food was over priced and nothing special.笑
Overpriced and lousy service!  The food is pretty good but I can't get passed the snobby atmosphere and unfriendly staff.  I've been in here several times and it's always a long wait for a table.  Don't waste your time or money.  You'll have a better experience at Gordon Biersch or Kona Grill.笑
Best cobb salad ever. Hands down. The spinach artichoke dip is amazing too. I'd take a picture of it but it's gone. Lol Whoops. That's the kung pao chicken in the background. Hubs says it's amazing and actually TRULY spicy.笑
I don't know why this has become my "go to" favorite place to eat other than the fact that management has an eye for customer service and the kitchen puts out plates that are seasoned and prepared consistently. 
I've had the steak, pizza, pulled pork, fish and chips, dip with flatbread, and a few more I'm sure but I'm tired of listing them here. Each one was totally edible and good to nosh. I love when I go somewhere and the servers or bartenders look you in the eye and you know they are listening to you and not looking past you to something else they have to do. This comes from scheduling your help to match your busy hours so they are not rushed. Whatever they did in hiring or training..... they got the point across that they are in the "service" and "hospitality" industry. They carry out this mission well and I always feel like my business is appreciated. 
 The kitchen: who ever designed the menu put enough items so the kitchen can handle a rush and enough items that one could go here regularly without getting burned out. 
This gastropub concept puts food, service, comfort, and drink on an equal plane. This is my favorite place to eat because I don't need to be blown away by one part of the concept design, but rather the blending of all aspects of the concept into a fine tuned operation. This starts with ownership, management and trickles down all the way to the most important person in the house.... the cleaning crew.......because when you walk in somewhere and feel clean and safe....the rest is gravy. Nothing worse than walking in somewhere and seeing a dirty floor or door or bathroom. If they don't give this most visible item attention.... what kind of attention do they give to the things you don't see? I give a well done to the Thirsty Lion staff and management.笑
Service, service. Seems to be a complaint among reviewers and my review is no different. The hostess took my name and seated us quicker than expected. We were greeted promptly and our beverages served quickly. The waitress came back to ask if we wanted food, which we did until we realized the appetizer menu had nothing that was appetizing to us. That is where the service went downhill, very, very quickly. We still had full beers. She brought us our bill, cashed us out, and never returned. I sat there for probably another 30-40 minutes with no water. 
Many, many years ago I was a waitress in college. I gave everyone the same service regardless if they ordered a milk or 7-course meal. When people eat out they expect service. Time is money and I realize that if I don't order food, 20% gratuity on nothing is nothing. However, I do tip for time. I realize if you have to refill my water (which costs nothing) it is still your time coming to my table to refill. I left 20% based on my bill, but had the waitress came and checked on us and refilled my water, I would have definitely made it worth her time. Very disappointing service.笑
Worst dining experienced we ever had! Knowing that this place just opened some of my friends came in early to get a table, they were told that it's going to be a 40
minute wait which was no problem, so they went to walk around the mall . Came back around 4 just to find out that their names were never on the list. Long story short we never got seated until 5:30, but knowing we had little kids we got seated at the tall table where high chairs can't reach. We ordered drinks and everyone got there drink but I didn't get my water or my son water until 20 minutes after everyone got theres, after telling 2 different waitresses. A table opened up so we ask the waiter if we can take it since there's no way our little boy can eat. He said that's fine so our son finally got to sit down comfortably. We ordered our food, grilled salmon for me and fish and chips for my husband. 30 minutes we got our food, just to find out that the salmon is undercooked, when I told the waiter he said that's how the cook cooks it, ok well the menu didn't state that or was I ask if I want it to be cooked all the way and the fact that I'm pregnant, raw meat is not ok. At that time I had it and just told them to take my food and give us our check. They didn't charge us for the salmon, thank god, it wasn't even worth $20 if they did. We will never got back to this location. The staff had no clue what they were doing.笑
Good food, walked in on a Saturday an they said 10 min wait...ok no problem. While waiting I see 9 open tables, 4 more un bussed...and 3 girls working as hostesses...ummm whos in charge here to see that this is a problem. You dont make people wait for no reason when you have empty clean tables that fit their party!!!笑
A M A Z I N G, you've got to check this place out. Moscow Mules, Creme Brûlée....need I say more? They have a huge menu with something to fit everyone's craving. We have tried so many different things on the menu from Salmon, Orange Chicken, Reuben's, and Tacos and have not been disappointed yet. It makes picking an entree so hard when everything has been amazing. If you don't drink alcohol, try an iced tea, not sure what they use but those are great too. We've always had great service too!笑
Came in to workers sitting around talking as restaurant was pretty empty. Got seated by someone who ended up being our server as well, no issues. Problem was with as empty as the place was, service was horrible. Waters and iced teas filled once during meal and that was at our request, getting food ordered felt like we almost had to shoot a flare up to get their attention... same scenario with getting a bill. Food was good, but they forgot to leave cheese off sliders... not a huge deal, but kind of cherry on top. What a difference a couple months is, came here in January and loved it... completely opposite experience. Too many other places like this to eat to ever come here again.笑
This is a newer restaurant downtown Gilbert. It is a big place so usually easy to get a table or seat at the bar. Lots of drinks on the menu and good food.笑
Went to an Thirsty Lion with work colleagues and was pleasantly surprised.  The food was fantastic and I was shocked that they could make brussels sprouts taste so good!  We met Deanna that night and she was so pleasant and accommodating that we all felt right at home.

I highly recommend Thirsty Lion to all of my friends!!笑
We visited this Thirsty Lion twice 1st was happy hour not bad on the drinks appetizers okay.
2nd visit tonight our food was slow in coming out I asked the manager what was taking so long he retrieved our meals apologized and said he take care of 1 round of drinks. I ordered the fall peppercorn burger Med done came out well and every other bite SALTY it was as if parts of it had the salt shaker poured on it. My husband ordered the club it came out just fine. Quality control a clear problem we will come back for cocktails but that's it .笑
Service was slow to start, Tv near us didn't work, Pretzels were the frozen kind you get at the grocery store. They were over salted so much you couldn't taste the cheese! 

However... our meal was delicious, and service picked up a bit. This is defiantly a place I would come to more often! Love the atmosphere and the variety of food and drinks!笑
Food was pretty good, not great but definitely good! The French fries are nice and crispy. The pizza could have been a little crispier, but still good. The food selection was sort of similar to San Tan Brewery. The Amber beer was crisp and refreshing. I like how they text you when your table is ready, so you can walk around the mall. The hostesses were nice, and our server was nice. Don't think she told us her name though. She had brown hair and pink braces. The owner should consider giving out military discounts. Will probably end up going back to try some more items.笑
Food was great. Defitinely recommond their pizza. Lots of menu choices. Overall wait was a little long for not being very busy. All in all, nice vibe and good food.笑
4 of us went to try it at 5:50pm on Friday. The hostess said they were to busy to even let us in the front door. They had over 12 tables on the patio "reserved" but only 2 tables had customers at them. I guess they felt that it was better to see if all 12 parties would show up eventually, rather than seat a party of 4 that was ready to spend money. When we walked back by at 9:15pm, at least 9 tables were still empty. Your mission statement and your actions don't match up.   After reading many other comments, I realize that this is not a fluke but rather the way they operate. There are too many other choices out there to have to deal with your disorganization.笑
I visited this location Saturday, 03 SEP 2016 AD at approximately 7:20 PM. We had to wait for 15 minutes which wasn't bad for a Saturday night. The atmosphere was lively, the service was good and the food was delicious. I had a pizza and my wife had the Vegetarian burger; both were delicious.

The beer selection was OK - not a lot of foreign beers. The pricing was decent - we had a great time. I will return.笑
This is a relatively new addition to the San Tan Village area.

We have been there multiple times and have enjoyed it.  We generally sit at the bar and order our meals along with beverages.

We can definitely recommend the salads, especially the seared ahi.  The service is excellent and one of the managers (Howard) is always on the prowl making sure that you are enjoying yourself.  (He's really nice.)

Expect  long wait if you go at prime times.  Its that way because it is good!  It will become one of our go-to places笑
Reserved a table on my OpenTable app due to it being fairly new resturaunt to area... We got there early and we were sat right away even though people were waiting. Awesome open atmosphere!! Had the Scottish Eggs for Appetizer. They were awesome!! Fish and chips and pull-pork sandwich were delicious. The brownie dessert was good to. We want to go back and try the Sonoran enchiladas and there great happy hour.....Waitresses were awesome!!笑
Felt bad about my one star rating. It wasn't awful. Upgrading to two stars.笑
Overall a great experience.  Our server, Holly, was very attentive and helpful.  It was crowded on a Thursday, so be ready for a wait.

Our appetizer did not make it out until after our entrees, so it seems there's still some issues they've got to figure out.  But even so, Holly and two other employees (Managers?) came to our table to apologize, comp the appetizer and give us a coupon for  a free appetizer next time.

Food was very good and I appreciate the recognition of the mistake and how they handled it.  I'll gladly go back.

They do need to get MLB as the Diamondback game wasn't available on any of the TVs.笑
Really disappointing ... sat for 10 minutes while a server worked tables on either side of us. And, a manager had to come by one table next to us to apologize for service. As we walked out, we let the hostess know why we were leaving ... she looked very surprised and said nothing. Go to Gordon Biersch ... service is friendly and fast.笑
We love trying new places, so we gave it a try. Won't go back. I gave it two stars because the spinach dip was good. After eating our entrees we were both not feeling well. We were both sick to our stomach for two days! The service was really slow as well, a bit stale, acted as if it was the last place they wanted to be.笑
Monday night at 8pm...you would think that they would be on top of all 20 customers that were in there...but no, waitress is non existant...ordered bottle of wine and waited 20 min for it..I could have walked to total wine and back in less time....now for the food problems, ordered the sirloin steak...it was so tough and chewy I couldn't chew it...called the waitress and told her, response..."what do u want me to do about it??" I couldn't believe the lack of any training or customer service skills....having been a chef for Marriott for 10+ years..I know a good steak from a bad one....they made me another one...another 20 - 30 min...same result, in edible..sent that one back....finally after over an hour of this BS, manager finally comes over (which is about an hour too late) he offers to make me another one...I tell him that I don't have 3 hours to eat dinner and I ask for the check...he doesn't do ANYTHING to make it right or try and retain me as a customer....this place is a joke, no training, poor service, sub par, expensive food, and I don't even know why they have a manager as he was never in sight....this place better get their shit together or they will bite the dust.笑
We have been to this Thirsty Lion several times and have had both lunch and dinner services. The food is always as ordered (...I have food allergy/sensitivity restrictions) and the menu has something for everyone. If you're going here for dinner on a weekend night, plan on a 20-30 minute wait. It's worth the wait though! Plenty of patio seating too!笑
Really?  Tons of vacant tables on patios and at least four vacant inside, close to the hostess stand. We were told there would be at least a twenty minute wait!  We told the hostess/manager (as she identified herself) that a 20 minute wait was unacceptable with so many vacant seats. She replied that servers were not available. She said they were doing the best they could. When i told her to tell the manager that using that excuse was not good enough, she said she was the manager. On previous visits, we have been told not enough help, running out of food and soft drinks, always a wait, always an excuse. What a shame. Good food, nice place, good servers but too many "We are trying our best."  There are plenty of other really good restaurants nearby. Go somewhere else until management manages well!笑
Still sitting here - beer is great / appetizers like the pizza (tastes like microwave version) and pretzels ( like super pretzel from Costco with a bad queso dip) however the Tuscan kale salad was extremely good - I would not come here again except for happy hour for beer笑
Horrible opening. The bar and restaurant are empty with reserved signs on half the tables and there is a line out the door. Obviously the owner/manager does not want to make money because we just spent $300 at Gordon's next store. So, then we came back. The same tables are still empty with patrons going to other bars. Duh! Newsflash! You will be equal to Famous Dave's. Boring.笑
Every time I have eaten there the food takes forever and the waitress messes up something! Usually one of our entrees is cold. We have never been overly impressed with this place. I would say the thirsty lion is good after a long night of drinker and it's the only place open. The girls dress cute and they are always very nice. But that's all that it has going for it. Not impressed.笑
Visiting from Canada toMesa a couple times a year we live trying all the great restaurants. Our first night here we wanted to try something different so we went to the Thirsty Lion. We were looking for some lively music and good energy on a Friday night. We requested the patio and were put on the quiet side between to families with small kids. Not the vibe we were going for. Our drinks were good but pricy. $9.50 for a Moscow Mule I find this expensive as typically food is cheaper in the US. I ordered a Thai shrimp noodle salad. It's was 1/2 the size of most salads I order in the states. I was disappointed as it looked like a starter size. The shrimp tasted fishy, the salad tasted like a "bagged salad" and it was missing a couple ingredients listed in the menu. Overall not good for me. The restaurant was full so others might not have the same experience.笑
Big disappointment. Long long wait after we placed our order. Wife's pizza was cold. My ribs were fossilized. Literally couldn't get the meat off of the bone. Bloody Mary was good. Waitress was attentive but seemed frustrated with the kitchen. We won't be back.笑
Disappointed. The food wasn't cooked to order. My husband ordered a burger med rare, was delivered med well. Food wasn't hot. I ordered a pretzel with cheese, the cheese was good but the pretzel was awful! Seemed like a frozen pretzel barely warmed. I ditched the pretzel and stole my husbands fries to dip in the cheese instead. Will cross thirsty lion off my list and never go back. Waste of money.笑
Brand new and just opened up about a week ago this huge restaurant has a very organized and large menu.  They have listed appetizers, soups and salads, pizza, burgers, sandwiches and specialties.  I got here at 4:15 and the restaurant which looked empty filled up in about 15 minutes. I did find a table in the back where four of my friends are going to meet me for dinner.  The wait staff so far has been very polite and fast with drinks. When everyone arrived there were 8 of us so the staff moved us to a high top table without any problems.  The food was very good, and the portions were big. Everyone I was with thought the food was really good. It was very noisy here but it is a pub not church.  I thought for only being open for a few days that they did a really good job.  I did read some of the other reviews and could not believe how unforgiving some people are.  Hey world this place is brand new.  The staff is mostly new.  Give them a break.  Would I go back here again?  Of course, next time I am going to try the salad with goat cheese.笑
Yelp classified this place as DOG FRIENDLY but NO IT IS NOT.  Bad on on you yelp, and bad on Thirsty Lion for going with dog friendly status!笑
We've been let down so many times by Thirsty Lion but thought we'd give another try tonight. Should have known better seeing as we have compiled 6 free appetizer coupons. Tonight we waited 5 mins to be seated as a hostess clocked herself out and no one came to greet us. We were then seated. After close to 10 mins what appeared to be a manager took our drink order and were told our server would be right over. After an additional 5 mins a server came over and said "I noticed you've just been staring at your menus has anyone helped you?" After a total of 15 mins and NEVER even reveling a glass of water we left and went to a restaurant near by. We will never be back we've given far too many chances笑
So very happy that the Gilbert location is open and judging by the crowds... So is everyone else. Okay the food is very good and creative. Servers are awesome and the bartenders are quick to make you smile. The chicken tenders are so flavorful you don't even need the dipping sauces. We had the pear and prosciutto flatbread which is great. Only disappointment was they ran out of Left hand milk stout. The bar manager actually came over to our table and apologized. That was really unexpected and a nice touch. They have an open kitchen and I love that. We also had the stuffed dates(very sweet) but they were good. We will return again and again. Tempe drive was too much and again so glad they are here!!!!!
Still in love  service is awesome. They really work hard to make sure you are happy.  Now tried the edamame and Cuban sandwich  both very good with a side salad. Tonight we tried the Ruben and WOW it is outstanding.  Okay easy to say this place has become our new favorite. The waitstaff really go the extra mile to make sure you are happy.
Sitting at the bar and enjoying the floor show. Happy hour is wonderful. Just have to call out Bree, Brooke and Nicole for great service, pleasant company and attention to details. Tonight we are trying the green chile chicken sandwich. Being from New Mexico we are a little bias on green chile. Okay, honest, little bits.... Would be so much better with whole pieces. Okay flavor, still like the Cuban and Ruben better.笑
My family and friends all love this place and usually come here once a week. We've yet to have something we don't like. They've got happy hour 7 days a week with really good specials.

Some of my top foods to get are the kale salad, steak salad, orange chicken, kids Mac n cheese, caldera sandwich, happy hour pizza, and the scotch egg. You really can't go wrong with anything. They're grapefruit basil martini is also top notch. I usually only drink dirty martinis but there's is refreshing and not too sweet.笑
Had a great time at the Thirsty Lion. Food was great, and the service was excelente. The atmosphere was nice and relax. Maybe because it was Easter Sunday. 

This location also has TV's all around with cool sliding windows and outside seating. Perfect for nice fresh air, which wont last for long once summer time comes around, but luckily we were able to enjoy the fresh air while sitting inside. 

As for my meal, I enjoyed the Jalapeño Pepper Jack Burger and my wife enjoyed the Classic Reuben with Turkey. She loved it and we'll definitely be back to enjoy some of the scrumptious looking items that we didn't get a chance to get to. That said, I truly recommend this location to all but also to those looking to enjoy good food/drinks while watching a sporting event. 

This place is 'Primetime'!

Ps. Shoutout to Katie for her great service.