I always go here on weekends for an americano.  It's delicious and the service is amazing!  Next time, I would like to try their brunch.Ǿ
Tasty brunch, good coffee, and Jeff, the owner is like your own personal welcoming committeeǾ
The coffee here is amazing. I've just moved into the area and can say without a doubt one of the best coffees in the city. The food looks great tooǾ
lovely avocado sandwich with arugula salad. great service. enjoyed it and will be back soonǾ
Way over priced. 
Shame cause the place before was affordable and had great coffee.Ǿ
Decent coffee and good cookies.  
Would return if in the area.   Interior is a little lack lustre but service is generally good thoughǾ
This place has got a lot jammed packed into such a tiny space. 

Their muffins are incredible! I've tried their lemon poppyseed, AMAzing! So moist and the flavours are very balanced. Their citrus muffin is another top-notch baked good, it's got loads of berries not typically found in muffins at other cafes in the city. Making it a healthy alternative as they strive to have good quality ingredients in their menu items, also. Their chocolate brownies are very rich and dense and it tastes like a solid piece of gud chocolate cake, except better because its a brownie, hahaha! 

My mom swears by their coffee. She frequents this spot as it is one of our local cafes. 

For me, I love that they have those craft sodas available. Peach Habanero, delicious! 

Oh and their scones, sooooo good too! 

If you're not there already reading this, you should go and pay them a visit, better get there early to score your tasty treat!Ǿ
My husband and I visited the restaurant for the first time today and loved the quiet, more "neighbourhoody" vibe that many brunch places in the city lack.  Service was excellent as were the coffee and our respective meals (I had the smashed avocado and he ordered eggs benedict).  The Christie is definitely a restaurant we are adding to our "branching list."Ǿ
The food was great.  I had the egg benny and Arshawn had their home made scone and an egg.  I confirm, the Cortado is exceptional here.  The service was slow, but the staff were super apologetic and it seemed to me this wasn't the usual MO.  Will definitely come back.