My boyfriend and I order from here regularly and every time the food is awesome and the service is great! We will definitely continue picking up from this location as we love the food and the staff. Highly recommend 10/10Ǿ
I've ordered a few times from here, had decent service, last night my card was charged, I received a confirmation of the arrival time, my phone number is accurate, when my order didn't arrive I called, they were closed, I spoke to a lady from after hours she said it was on delivery. Today I called because it never arrived, they lack in customer service, but expected from kids running the place, definitely a reflection of the lack of leadership, disappointed, it's just pizza, and they can't get it right. Now I wait for my refund..Ǿ
This is the best place to get boneless wings. Online ordering is fast and simple. When I do go in to pick it up Deniece is always smiling and very friendly. Wednesday is the best day to order wings 50cent each.Ǿ
I have ordered from this pizza hut four separate times in the past year, and they have always given me good quality food and I have never had a problem, until now. I did an  online order for two large three topping pizzas, than added breadsticks and soda for an additional 5 bucks. 
While there delivery was fast, the size of the pizza's I received was shocking. They gave me two mediums instead of larges, and when I called them to replace the mediums they said that they definitely gave me two larges. 
I used to work at a pizza place and this is not a large. Well, I went and measured the pizzas while I was waiting for the larges and my measuring tape said 12". I went to pizza hut's website where it says that there mediums are in fact 12".
Well, when they brought the new ones they were the exact same size. The delivery guy (who was very nice) told me that the manager said that this was their large, I told them this in fact was 12" when I measured it and he said that a 12" is a large....ugh...well, on the bright side they told me to keep the first two pizza's so we now have four mediums, so that's cool! lol. 

Just be careful what you order from here, usually they are good, but this whole experienced kinda does not make me want to come back. Also, I am never that person who complains, I am actually an easy laid back person, but when I spend 30 bucks I expect more then just  mediums.Ǿ
This is my local delivery spot. Its pizza hut but what I like is the attitude of the management. Unlike many places in Las Vegas the General manager, Mike is very friendly and will do whatever it takes to please his customers. I have never had a serious issue and my pizza has reliably arrived on average about 45 minutes after placing an order.Ǿ
Waited 15 minutes longer than expected. Pizza, breadsticks, and chicken was cold had to reheat in my oven. While waiting for my order another customer returned three pizzas did not know why until I got home. I will not be ordering from here again.Ǿ
On July 8th we ordered a large pan pizza with bar-b-q wings, we frequently order from this location and we normally get great service and fast delivery. 

But this time, the pizza crust was RAW! It tasted like it needed a few more minutes and it would have been decent.  

I called back and spoke to the manager on duty whose name is Kyle, explained the pizza dough was still raw and he asked if I would like a replacement pizza or a refund, the replacement would take between 30 - 40 minutes, I'm said we will take a refund and thanked him. 

Well it's been 10 days and still no refund, I called back and got the manager on duty who copped an attitude and said they don't refund money but will put a credit on my account, I said that was not explained to me when I spoke to Kyle. She was extremely rude and said well if you don't like that you could speak to the owner or the district manager, I said ok what's his name? She says Eddie, I say what's his last name? She slams the phone down and yells to the other employees, what's Eddies last name? And then comes back to the phone and gives it to me. I say can you spell that for me? Then she goes on to say why am I upset over pizza?? I said cause that's not what I was told!  I wrote an email and also called the corporate office, hopefully they will speak to this rude woman, your salary depends on it!!!!Ǿ
Absolutely terrible! Worse service ever! Kept me on hold forever! Finally gave up and ordered on line. Food showed up cold and burnt! Don't recommend! Don't waste your money! Go someplace else...Ǿ
Terrible food. Never order from this Pizza Hut. I would go out of my way to choose a different Pizza Hut location. I complained about my pizza having almost nothing on it to the manager - Lisa. I cannot believe someone this rude and disrespectful works in customer service, let alone IS THE MANAGER!!Ǿ
I'm sure that everyone knows Pizza Hut for the pizza, but there wings are usually good too, but today when I ordered my food, I requested my wings to be cooked well done so they would be Christ. Unfortunately my wing were not the way I requested, so I called the store on Craig Road and Decatur here in Las Vegas and spoke to Kyle. He says to me, if you want your chicken burnt we can burn it for you. WTFǾ
So I ordered some wings deal called the mountain dew deal came with a drink some wings that I ordered for my nephew and I got me some wings and fries, when it came, they combined the fries order together in a bigger bowl which I was just like ok whatever but then he said where is my soda, I called the pizza hut back and told them about this the manager apparently answered the phone and said " Well I just talked to my driver and he said he gave you everything" I cut his ass off and just said that's ok I'll just leave a review. I gave that driver a five dollar tip on top of my $37.00 order. I'll find a new spot. My 7 year old nephew says ThanksǾ
Can definitely find a better pizza place but when you're hungry and desperate... it'll do... well until the next morning.