The food was ok. My chicken was stringy and had some dark meat mixed in even though I specified white meat. The fried rice was barely fried and needed more soy sauce. Prices were average and delivery arrived earlier than anticipated. I don't know if I would order from here again though.Ǿ
Delicious food, unbeatable price! The restaurant serves classic American Chinese fair for in-restaurant dining or delivery. My boyfriend and I had lunch with Boba tea for under $15 total. I only marked it down because the interior of the restuarant is a little dismal. Free drinks with any meal for college students!Ǿ
Literally the WORST Chinese food/take out food in general that I have ever had. I ordered sesame chicken with pork fried rice and the rice was inedible and burnt....yes, burnt! I have never before had burnt rice from a Chinese restaurant but Hong Kong managed to do it. Typically pork fried rice is a white or yellowish color depending on the type of rice they use....well mine was white with what looked like black dust on it. DISGUSTING! My chicken looked edible at first until I took my first bite and had to pull a huge piece of some type of black residue from my mouth. After examining the rest of my chicken I noticed that these large black pieces of grill or deep fryer residue were floating throughout the sauce covering my chicken. I paid $9.90 to literally take one bite of my meal and throw the rest in the garbage. Please take my advice and do not go by the other semi-positive reviews on this page. Stay away, save yourself some money, and go to another restaurant.Ǿ
This is the most hit-and-miss Chinese food I've had.  The dishes are static; the bad ones stay bad, and the good ones stay good.  But it's a learning curve to find ones that are good for me.  

Had I rated this yesterday, I would have went 1 star; today, after trying the (slightly salty) rice noodles and vegetable tofu soup, 2 stars.  If the rice noodles were less salty, I might go up to four stars; they were cheap and filling, and tasted pretty darn good, saltiness aside.

My coworkers seem to love the dishes I don't like, to be fair.  I think they're swamped in sauce, and I had the taste of their sesame sauce stuck in my mouth for hours.  Ew!  

It's cheap, it's fast, and it's very, very accessible to work.

edit: Okay, after some urging from coworkers, I've gone back.  And back again.  The vegetarian rice noodles aren't usually salty, and the consistency of quality is pretty sound.  Still not a fan of things with sauce here, but the coworkers still love it.Ǿ
Great Chinese Food! 

Lunch Specials served all day long. $6.00 for most. Highly recommend the "Kung Pao Shrimp" always delicious. 

Boba Tea - for anyone seeking a good boba tea treat, this is great spot. 

**WONTON SOUP** 
I have had many experiences over the years at many different chinese restaurants, but none of them hold a candle to the Wonton Soup at Hong Kong Express II. WOW. Cheap, and Amazing! 

I eat here about once a week for lunch. 

Staff is very friendly and polite. :-)Ǿ
2nd time here 

Great service
Great food
Great prices
Fast food
Amazing portions

Kinda small
A bit of a language barrier 
Could use music or tv...just a bit too quiet for me

Great for a grab and go or a sit and stay