My boyfriend and I come here quite often for a nice night out. They're pretty busy on the weekend, so we try to go in on a Tuesday or Wednesday night. When it is busy, they take your number down and call you when your table is available, which many restaurants do, but it's particularly nice on Main Street Unionville - with the confectionery across the street and all the nice boutiques to peruse while you wait.

Anyway, we usually do appetizers and mains, then get desert across the street at the confectionery. To start, the bf SWEARS BY their potato chips (which I admit are pretty good). I'm the more adventurous eater, so I've tried basically everything app-wise. The goat cheese starter is incredible... warmed goat cheese rolled in pumpkin seeds, served on spinach with dried cranberries and fresh slices of pear. The crab cakes are also amazing, as are the arancini rice balls. 

For mains, they used to have risotto on the menu, which I hope they bring back because it was ALWAYS incredible. Now that that's off the menu, I usually get the duck pasta (sometimes it's penne, sometimes it's spaghetti). It's always cooked perfectly with a really nice cream sauce. Josh will usually get a pizza, which are always cooked perfectly as well, not soggy like some places. 

The service has always been friendly, though if it's really busy, sometimes it's hard to flag a server down. Also, if you're starving and it's busy, sometimes it takes a bit of time to get the food (though it'll be worth it, I promise!).Ǿ
Pizza's are good, Pasta's are also really good. Bison Meatloaf was ok, but the pureed cauliflower wasn't what I thought it would be like.

Well worth the $12-22 entree price though. Dessert menu was quite sparsǾ
I had always wondered what lay within the walls of Unionville Co. Restaurant, sure I had read the reviews and knew I could expect an array of Italian eats and pizza but not for a second could I have imagined that they would have the extensive beer selection that that they do on tap. 

I believe in a life prior to Yelp (yes there was life before Yelp) I had randomly visited this spot for a romantic/classy date. I mean, guys, lets face it, if you're in the GTA, Unionville is kinda the place to be on the East side for a romantic/intimate night out, and Unionville Co is a fair representation of what you can expect. 

By summer their small patio is well covered and sits on the streets edge, and by evening (or winter) you can move inside where the dim light and elegant decor give you an intimate feel perfect for those important romantic dates (gentlemen... are you writing this down??? Don't worry ladies I'll whip your men into shape and make sure they take you somewhere nice).

On a recent visit, I paired a Delirium with one of their pizzas. The beer was fabulous (it's Delirium after all) but the pizza was OK by my taste - however I grew up Italian so I tend to be a little more picky with my 'Za. What is OK for me, is fabulous to someone else!

I'm looking forward to returning and potentially upgrading my review once I try a few more menu items, until then make sure you pay Unionville Co a visit, you won't be disappointed.

Eatcrest Out!Ǿ
I went here on a Friday night, and it was quite busy! Main Street is one of my favourite places to visit. Don't be fooled if the streets look quiet, everyone is busy dining at a restaurant or checking out the Old Firehall Confectionery! Anyways, there was a little bit of a wait, and then we were taken upstairs to our seats. There was a live jazz band playing that night, which was great. We started with the White Cheese Plate($11) which came with blue cheese, brie and goat cheese. It had some flat breads and slices of french bread. When we finished our bread but had some cheese left over, the waiter brought us over some more bread and a white bean dip. (dal, really.) I ordered the sausage pizza, which was about $14 and my companions had a lamb burger, and a BBQ burger. This place had some of the best sweet potato fries that I have ever tasted, and I don't even like sweet potato fries! I liked my pizza, but the crust was a little -too- thin and crispy for me. I would definitely go back here! It's a great place to take a date. I'm looking forward to trying their pastas.Ǿ
It was nearly impossible for me to make a reservation for my girlfriend's birthday party as I had to call multiple times during their hours of service over a couple of days. When I got to the restaurant, the manager refused to seat us down until the entire party arrived, which I would have understood if it was busier in the restaurant.

When we were finally seated down, the server nearly forced us to order even though the restaurant was not very busy. When the food arrived, I found it to be lacking in taste and cold in temperature. My girlfriend asked for some pepper for her bland Vongole, and the server reached over from the other side of the table to serve which caused discomfort to one of my guests. The server also neglected to ask how much pepper my girlfriend wanted.

When I asked the server if I could bring out the cake I had brought with me, I was told that I would get charged extra plate fee unless I pre-arranged when I made the reservation, which I would have done if they picked up the phone for once! By that point, I was so turned off by the idea of giving the restaurant any more of my money and decided to save the cake for a different venue.

When I received the bill, we were appalled by having been charged 15% gratuity on the pre-tax total, which was taxed on top. Although the difference the tax made on the bill was marginal, what bothers me is the fact that they forced us to unwillingly pay a few extra dollars for mediocre service and food that does not deserve the 15% tip.

From reservation to walking out the door, I was thoroughly disappointed with the level of service and professionalism that the restaurant demonstrated. And what is the name of the restaurant? Despite the name change, the menu showed the old name, which was confusing to say the least. If they are cutting corners in the detail, who is to say that they are not cutting corners when it comes to the food they serve?Ǿ
Unionville Co Restaurant has one of the best, or even the best beer selection in the area!  

Close to 15 beers on draft which includes a mixture of local and imports, sorry no Budweiser or Coors Light. There are also an impressive list of bottles from local breweries if one doesn't like any of the beers on draft.

Aside from the beer, everything else was kind of odd and disappointing.

The nice looking photos on their websites showing a chic and classy interior were a little deceiving. In reality it was kind of run down and in need of a renovation. I ended up sitting in the patio instead and enjoyed a light cooling breeze and drinking True North Wunder Weisse ($ 5.75).

The food was another disappointment. The portion size is quite small, like a half portion  of Pollo spaghetti (roast chicken, sundried tomato, peppers, tomato cream) for $18.99. My order of Steak Taco ($11) was this 2 little pieces that I can finished in 2 bites. The food though taste A-ok but really doesn't worth what I am paying for. Or maybe I am just paying for the privileges of eating in Old Unionville?

I will come back for a drink and chill on the patio, but I might just pass on the food.Ǿ
The WORST customer service I've ever experienced in my life! Food is simply mediocre but the manager, Mario, should NOT be running a restaurant!!!! Never have I been more disgusted with service or insulted in my entire life. Never going back and never recommending it.