This is a very unassuming resto-bar. I've come here several times, at different times, and I've been impressed most times. The servers are very friendly, and will strike up a conversation with you. The food is consistent (not too extravagant, but quite good). Their pastas are rather decent, the pizza isn't too shabby either. They do however have a very good smoked salmon bagel (piled really high with salmon). Great happy hour specials, very good drinks, and quite inexpensive! Worth checking out.笑
I have been going to this place for 4 years since I live right next to it. They always have great food for great price. The deals they do are really great. They also have slot machine you can enjoy. In summer they bring so get on the terrace and the atmosphere is soo cozy and friendly. 
The owner and his wife are super nice. They always make sure the customers are happy. And nothing beats their happy hour from 4 to 7 and always enjoy talking to France best staff they ever had. The atmosphere watching hockey games it insanely exciting and watching the allouettes games there is even nicer since they r just meters away from the stadium. 

I recommend that place for their amazing food nice atmosphere and great friendly staff. You pay barely anything for what you get in return笑
J'habite au-dessus de cet ancien Giorgio (ce l'était durant mon adolescence, i.e lors de la préhistoire) et le faible achalandage ne m'a jamais incitée à m'y asseoir. Mon intuition aurait du prévaloir sur mon jugement. Inutile de palabrer jusqu'à l'aube: une visite suffit. On m'a servi de banales ailes de poulet assaisonnées de Frank's Red Hot. Suivies d'un spaghetti... déjà "mélangé avec la sauce". Pas mauvais mais me rappelant mon assiette que je n'ai pas achevée la veille et que j'ai gardée pour le lendemain.笑
I truly have mixed feelings about this place. I ate here three times while staying at a hotel down the road. The first night I had pizza which was absolutely horrible, and one of the worst pizzas I have ever had. But the other member of my party enjoyed her fish and chips, so we went the next night. The second night, the club sandwich special was absolutely amazing. The third night I had an order of nachos, which were quite bad. The meals here were hit and miss, with the hits being grand, but the misses being dreadful.

There are two other problems I had with this restaurant. First, the service was extremely slow. Waited nearly 30 minutes from meal being finish to paying the check. The water was never refilled either. While the servers were nice, they were very slow. Looking at how they were running the place, I think that the front-of-the-house was understaffed, but also that the servers were not trained properly, as they would bus tables during a dead time while not dropping checks to customers who were impatiently waiting to leave, like myself. Second, the place was quite dirty. When the sun comes through in the afternoon, you can see that the floors had not been mopped.

While this place can serve up a good dish, one must proceed with caution.笑
Not really the best place

But let's say that at Galeries du Parc the "competition" is fierce. For the biggest disappointment, that is.

The appetizer soup is as bland as it gets, one of the few times I didn't bother finishing it. Then the main dish was probably as exiting as something from a chain restaurant, if not less.

I won't bother again, maybe for a drink, but only if I'm out of options.笑
Fine establishment. It is usually not very busy, and as a result they are low staffed. At the same time, the price is reasonable and they have some good food deals. I used to live in the area and it was a favourite of ours. Definitely a good place to stop for a drink, especially in the summer when they have the patio open.笑
WORST service I have ever experienced. I don't normally write reviews but the service was so bad I needed to let people know. Waiter never came to check on us and we had to leave after an hour of not getting our food.笑
Pretty standard western diners type of food though the fries were really tasty. If you're looking for a fuss free experience Hielo is a good place to head to. Service was good and overall it was a pleasant experience.笑
Ce bar n'a aucune prétention, le prix des bières est normal (5$ la pinte pendant l'happy hour il me semble et un peu plus le reste du temps). La terrasse est très agréable, les serveurs très sympathiques et attentionnés. Il y a plusieurs écrans avec des matchs retransmis. Coté bouffe, la carte est assez bien garnie et les serveurs sauront vous conseiller.

Mon conseil: Prenez une poutine, avec un supplément bacon (un délice).