Every single time I have been in here it has been amazing. Its always fresh. Portions are a great size. Hummus is the best I have had anywhere. I mean anywhere. Gyro is very good. Falafel is very fresh and crispy. The oil they fry in tasted very good with no after taste. They get the food out quick. I cant recommend this enough!!!!!笑
I never liked baba ganoush until I came here. It is delicious. The hummus is also delicious and the sauce that comes with the chicken skewers is wow! I love this place and will come back every chance I get! The employees are also super nice and helpful.笑
I absolutely love the food.  The best falafel and baklava I have ever had.  My co-workers and I have gotten lunch there a few times, and everything is great.  The portions for the meals are generous.笑
Just another glowing review for the best shawarma restaurant in the east valley. Every plate is two meals for me and my wife - so much goodness. The chicken is moist and nicely spiced, the hummus I can eat with a spoon, and rice and salad as the sides. 

You can't go wrong - enjoy!笑
Great hole in the wall place. Food was tasty and the portions were large and reasonable. Its scary how creamy and amazing their hummus is. I would go back for sure.笑
My coworkers and I were looking for a healthy,  inexpensive place for a birthday lunch,  and boy did we find it.  This place is simple,  but clean.  The customer service is excellent,  and the food was delicious.  Such a great value for the price! 

There are a few of us who frequent George's Gyros near downtown Mesa,  and they said it was comparable or better.  

Between us,  we had the chicken shawarma (entree and sandwich), gyros,  hummus,  and Greek salad.  Everyone loved what they got,  there were no unsatisfied customers! 

A little taste of baklava for dessert....  The best I've ever had.  Not too sweet,  not sticky or messy, just perfectly light and delicious! 

We will definitely be back!笑
The portions are large and the staff is nice. There was so much food that we didn't even need to order the extra meal for our 3 year old. My vegetarian meal and my husbands chicken were both excellent. 
Each meal gets complimentary baklava, which is generous. That being said- this baklava is probably the worst I have Ever had. The bottom was Very soggy and there was not enough filling after the first few layers. If you are a fan of puff pastry though, you may enjoy it. 
I will be back again, but will probably turn down the baklava.笑
Some differences between here and Haji Baba, my other go-to eastern Mediterranean place: The rice served with combos is a beautiful, better-tasting yellow color; the shawarma sandwich is wrapped in a flakier grilled bread than a pita; there is a Chicago-style gyros plate (the guiltiest secret pleasure of any true Chicagoan); and each dine-in order gets two free baklava (at least if you get a plate combo). Great price and friendly service. New favorite笑
Wow. ..they certainly deserve their 5-star rating. I had the hummus Deluxe plate with gyro meat and chicken shwarma and it was tdf. My husband had the gyro sandwich  fries and they were equally as good.  Everything is fresh, plentiful, tasty and great prices... what more could you ask for?  The baklava melt-in-your-mouth, best I've ever had. AND employees are super friendly.笑
You know you've found authentic when only three tables in the place we're speaking English! Amazing flavors, thoughtful, attentive staff. The Tabouli the best I've had in the states! And the baba...smoky and YUM! Falafel flavorful and not overdone as most places笑
Perfection. I cant stop thinking about the garlic sauce even days later. The food is so fresh and flavorful. Ash is the best and will make you feel at home every time you go. I cant get enough of this place .. its perfect and so inexpensive for the quality and the feast provided!! The best of the best in every way! I love it!! It doesnt matter what you get... youll be satisfied!!笑
This place is a no brainer! You won't be disappointed with any menu option and the food is always fresh and delicious. The staff are great and the restaurant is always clean with plenty of seating indoor and outdoor. You'll never go wrong eating at green corner. I can always count on this place for a healthy meal!笑
We have been here twice and the food is great. We love the grape leaves and my wife is a tough grader, but we had them on both visits. The 
baba ganoush is smokey and wonderful. Reasonable prices, nice people.
If you like mideastern food please give this a try.笑
My dad and I came here because we were super hungry and wanted some quality food with large portions. Well, that is exactly what we got! The food was absolutely delicious and visibly fresh. I ordered the Green Corner Plate Combo and was pleased with the assortment of food on my plate. Flavorful, fresh, and a great value. What more could I ask for?! On top of that, the staff is so sweet and friendly. Definitely makes me want to come back for more!笑
Great food and excellent service. We had the gyro plate and hummus deluxe plate. Will definitely be back.笑
Came in after night classes and was pleasantly surprised at how friendly the staff was. I told them I couldn't have any dairy and they brought my lentil soup and Greek salad out with no cheese and dressing on the side. The lentil soup was some of the best I ever had and the salad was VERY fresh! Towards the end of my meal the girl working brought me a free piece of dessert which she said had no dairy. I will be coming here again, needless to say:)笑
This place is almost invisible in it's little corner of the strip mall.  Has a small outdoor eating area which is pretty nice.  Inside it is unremarkable and plain.  However, it is clean, and the employees are nice and professional.  I have tried several things here and I have enjoyed it all except the Baba Ganoush, which tasted fine but the texture is not for everyone.  The food is wonderful, fresh and presented nicely.  The fries are the bomb as is the hummus.  Here it is all about the food and it passes with flying colors.笑
The Falafel was the best I've eaten in years, crispy and So tasty! 
I will definitely come back again笑
My husband and I tried this place on Saturday after a search on yelp, it was amazingly delicious.  We had a hard time deciding, since everything in the menu looked so good.  We ended up with the al sham beef sandwich and the falafel appetizer.  The falafel was the best I ever had.  Perfectly seasoned and SO, SO good... yum yum yum!   The sandwich was also delicious and the meat had an amazing flavor and the beef was so tender.  I could eat there every day if it was closer to my house!  The only thing that would make it better is if they served alcohol.  The people were also so friendly.  We could tell they really cared about their customers experience.  After our meal, they brought us some baklava on the house and of course that was delicious as well.  Love this place!!!笑
I tried this place for the first time during lunch.  The place serves fresh, well seasoned, fast Mediterranean food. I ordered the humus with chicken shawarma plate that came with pita bread for scooping. My friend had the vegetarian plate that he loved so much. The chicken shawarma was seasoned so good it was a perfect pair to the humus. The bread was fresh and hot and perfect vessel for the chicken humus. If your ever in mesa you need to drop by.笑
I like this place because its cheap and they offer large portions of food. The portion size does not take away from the quality of food. The chicken shwarma sandwich is my favorite menu item. The fries that come as part of the combo are homemade. meaning they are made on the spot. They are not processed and never greasy. The fries has this distinct fresh flavor to them and they are some of the best I had since.笑
Went here for a quick bite after reading reviews. Had the chicken schwarma combo plate. The food was delicious and the portions were very generous. The staff were super kind and even brought out a free piece of baklava as I was finishing up my meal. Delicious hummus, nice chicken schwarma, really tasty salad. Rice was a titch over-seasoned, but really great place. Highly recommend.笑
Absolutely incredible food. Staff was so friendly and they even brought by complimentary baklava --so thoughtful! The Greek feta fries were amazing, and the platters were so delicious. Wish we lived closer, we would be back all the time!笑
I had the vegetarian plate and my husband had the green corner plate.  The beef was moist and the baba ghanoush was FANTASTIC.  There was lots of food and the prices were very reasonable.  We will definitely visit again.笑
Such an amazing place! The food was spectacular, the service was amazing and the restaurant was immaculate.笑
Great small new place, hard to find but tasty! My husband had the beef shawarma plate, the meat had real good flavor. I had a large chicken shawarma sandwich (had leftovers!) and some fries. The staff was attentive and friendly! Definetly a must-try in an otherwise unexciting strip mall.笑
I wish I took a picture of my gyro, it was AMAZING!! You could really taste the quality of the meat. Very impressed!  Probably one of my new favorite places!笑
Wow. Just Wow. Clean, fresh, affordable. Everything was fantastic. Gyro meat was tender and hot. Shawerma chicken plate was a huge portion and the rice was perfect, just a little curry. My daughter was eyeballing the baclava on the counter and raving about how much she liked it and they GAVE us enough enough for the whole table! These guys absolutely deserve to be successful, everything about our experience was top notch. From the service to the French fries. I'll be back soon!笑
Service was fantastic. We were treated to free frys and dessert. The falafel was the best I've ever had. My chicken schwerma plate was excellently flavored. My boyfriend had the gyro plate, which he loved and I stole a few bites from. I will definitely come back. All in all, a great experience.笑
Hubby and I just stopped there, saw the 5 star reviews on Yelp. Just the kind of place we love to find on our travels. Kind of a hole in the wall with wonderful, home cooked food. Had the lamb kebab dinners. The salad was yummy, the saffron rice was delicious, the lamb was perfectly seasoned, pita, hummus and sauces were fabulous and we really went over the moon with their baklava! Everything was just SO GOOD. Last of all the staff were very, very pleasant and accomodating. Definitely a must try restaurant for great food when ambience isn't important. We loved our lunch visit!

Almost forgot to add the portions were huge. We took home half our plates for dinner tonight. Great value!笑
My husband and I were very hungry by the time we got to the restaurant. Unfortunately, there was some sort of glitch and after 20 minutes our food still hadn't arrived. We both ordered shawarma; one chicken and one beef. After a while an employee noticed we were waiting for food and our order was rushed. The rice and hummus were tasty, but my beef shawarma was quite bland. My husband's was fine. After a few minutes with our dishes, the manager came over to apologize for the initial delay. He also asked how our food was. I shared that my shawarma was unseasoned (and visibly so) and the manager immediately got me a menu to try something else. A few minutes later I had a delicious dish of tender, juicy lamb kafta kebabs. He also brought over a couple of pieces of baklava for us to enjoy. Even the best restaurants can have an off day. For me the most important thing is that a mistake be acknowledged and rectified, and this manager did a great job of doing both.笑
We had the food delivered to the hotel we were staying at in the Mesa/Phoenix area. Everything we ordered was scrumptious, except for the Baba Ghannough. The Baba Ghannough was okay, and I would not order it again. The meal was quite filling, in fact, we had it a second time for dinner. Everything was very fresh, and we think made to order. If/when we are in the area again, we will take the opportunity to visit this restaurant.笑
This place is GREAT! We found it on Yelp and came in due to a few good reviews and being close to my office. The service was great - very friendly and welcoming. The restaurant was clean and spacious. The food was FANTASTIC! Large portions, great flavors, and excellent prices!笑
I really enjoyed this place! You get so much delicious food for your money. They weren't very busy when I went in and this place deserves much more business. It's definitely worth eating at this place!笑
ATTENTION ALL MEDITERRANEAN FOOD FANS!!
This place is amazing!!! My best friend is from Jordan, and his mom used to always cook up some awesome Arabic eats, and I went out to Jordan for a few weeks and had amazing food. I've been trying a bunch of spots here in the valley, AND THIS IS THE BEST REPRESENTATION OF HOW GOOD ARABIC FOOD IS AROUND! 

I had the chicken shawarma plate and it's tons of food, the salad is bomb, the hummus is the best around, the chicken is delicious and even the rice is good!

The service is awesome, they are very quick and friendly there and will take good care of you. 

I also had some baklava that was seriously amazing, and I can't wait to have more people with me so I can order a full on tray of k'naffah!

Seriously though, stop what you're doing and go here. Thank me later.笑
Woow!! What a find! This hidden gem is got amazing food with great friendly service ohh and did I mention the huge portions!  I definitely will be coming back and will recommend this place to everyone. Attached picture is the beef shawarma plate.笑
After eating at several Lebanese friends homes, several Greek families himes, I have to say this reaturant was like heading to a family dinner on Friday night.

Their portions are huge for the price.  The wife found them to try something different.  

I had the lamb kifta, with rice, hummas, and salad while My Wife tried their mixed kabobs.  We split (i inhaled) a plate of Dolmas.  All of the food was done to perfection.  The baba ghannoug was a bit flat for my taste.

Now, on our second visit we ordered Gyro plate, large hummus with extra pita, Dolmas.  Even with 2 people eating this, we had leftovers! As with our first visit, the food was beyond what you could hope for.

The staff.  All I can say is the kids are so sweet and friendly. They go out of their way to get to know their customers.  Even a "Redneck" looking white boy who does not blend in with majority of the customer base.

Some of the younger ones do not known the food by the tradtional names.  So be prepared to order off the menu by discrption ie Stuffed Grap leaves (Dolmas).

For desert, be prepared for some of the best baklava this side of the dead sea! 

They do make Knafeh.  If you want this bit of heaven, you need to order it the day ahead.笑
Clean and great value with the portions.  Thank you fellow Yelp reviewers.   I enjoyed the Gyro plate!  Wonderful flavored and very tasty humus!   I came for dinner but I think it would be a super lunch spot!  Cheers !笑
Stopped by today for lunch after reading the excellent Yelp reviews. I had the chicken kabob plate and my husband selected the chicken thigh plate. The plates come with well seasoned rice, delicious creamy hummus, pita bread and a tasty fresh Greek salad. Both of our chicken entrees were very good - the chicken was juicy and I enjoyed the grilled vegetables that accompanied my kabob. The service was quick and friendly and we were given a complementary dessert plate- yum! We plan to return soon!笑
I have never eaten at a Greek restaurant before this restaurant is fantastic. The portions are generous and the staff and management went out their way including samples of some of the entrées. Best baclava in Phoenix! Price very reasonable笑
Best place ever! Excellent baklava baked fresh daily.  Rice has perfect amount of time tic- yum!!!笑
Seriously the best meal I have had in a longgg time. Their hummus and pita bread is to die for! I'm so content with the costumer service I got AND the food. Chicken was served very hot as well as the rice. I recommend the chicken shawarma plate and to keep the sides how they are. Hummus, rice, and salad! All so so good.... I will be back!笑
I went in on a Monday and was the only one there. Based on the reviews I questioned if I was at the right place. Well I was. The service was quick, food fresh, and very tasty. 

This place is a little gem and sort of hard to find if you're not looking for it in the strip mall. I'll be back when I'm back in town!笑
Ahhhh!!! Clean place, awesome service, AMAZING FOOD!!! Seriously, so glad my mom introduced me to this place, I've been back again and again.

I felt like I was eating in the Middle East, with AWESOME quality ingredients that I hope never change...the absolute best Middle Eastern food you will eat in the valley. Promise!笑
Wow. Great food, friendly staff, great prices and large servings.  Love this place after eating here over a dozen times now.  The guy working the register is always friendly.  I'll be going to this place for a long time.笑
This place is a pretty simple unassuming little spot but they deliver some pretty great tasting food. I followed the lead some of you gave and ordered chicken shawarma and my husband ordered the green corner combo. Both tasted great, fresh, and had generous portions. We took half home. I wanted to try their baklava so we ordered a couple of pieces near the end of our meal.  The woman at counter refused our money and said they were on the house.  Add to this they have sweet tea on tap.  All employees were kind, helpful, and busy organizing or cleaning when not assisting customers.  We visited on a Saturday afternoon so it was not crowded but still had several customers.  The prices are very reasonable considering the large portions. Definitely recommend.笑
The best Mediterranean food in Phoenix, really love their beef shawerma. Don't forget their amazing falafel. Wonderful staff and management. Literally the best :-)笑
This place has delicious food. They have a variety, and it is cooked perfectly. The hummus is always fresh and made there
 The staff is extremely efficient  and friendly. The place is always spotlessly clean.笑
Looking for fresh, interesting food. Wanted something convenient. Found it! Nice casual spot with friendly staff. They asked if it was our first visit, then comped us the baklava. The lamb kebab was terrific with interesting seasoning perfectly balanced. Loved the rice and salad. Generous portion made plenty for my next meal too. Then had the baklava. It is perfect! Just sweet enough with crisp buttery layers. Will be going back soon!笑
Delicious mixed schwarma plate! I get it every time. The flavors exceed Haji Baba's own, and the customer service is excellent.笑
The food was amazing. The best gyro meat I have ever eaten. My buddy told me about it and I drove from Chandler to come eat their food.   

Their service was amazing and the manger "Ash" was Amazing.  It's great to go to a family business that truly cares.   It's a must visit place.  It's simple, clean and amazing culture of their staff. 

Dave笑
Hands down, this is the BEST Mediterranean Restaurant I have ever eaten at. Everything is fresh, and very well made. The service is outstanding. I have seriously become addicted to Green Corner!笑
I had the beef shwarma plate. Meat was cooked very well and had good flavor. The rice was also very tasty but the best part was the Greek salad. Very fresh and fulfilling. In addition the restaurant gave us free baklava which was awesome and my daughters favorite item of the day. Very nice and welcoming people, definitely will be coming back.笑
I was on the road for work and wanted a sandwich. With the name Green Corner, I was thinking it was just an ordinary soup/sandwich shop but I was wrong. Turns out it's a Greek place which was a surprise but I was game to try it. 

Damn! The gyro was so fire and moderately priced. The cashier was super friendly and some guy who I am guessing is the manager asked about my food which was great. If you are in the area and in need for lunch stop by here.笑
I love this place! Their veggie plate is amazing & everyone who works here is so nice! My fav Mediterranean spot.笑
A must have if you're looking for a healthy affordable meal! The staff is super friendly and attentive and they even give out free desert. Highly recommend and I'll definitely be coming back:).笑
Yelped were right. New Times and Arizona Republic was right. Green Corner is really good. You don't generally gush over salad dressing.

You are going to gush about the salad dressing, the velvet that is their hummus, the toasty warm pita, kabobs.

There's a gyro in my future with this place and most definitely more baklava.

Great work, spot on recipes and good vibe!笑
I have been to this place at least half a dozen times. I am never disappointed. I like ordering the chicken kabobs plate. It takes a little longer but it's yummy. My husband always gets the gyro combo. There food is so fresh and so plentiful. I have noticed the prices have gone slightly up but the food quality is still there. I wish these friendly business owners much continued success.笑
STOP LOOKING AT THE REVIEWS FOR EVERYWHERE ELSE & EAT HERE. THANK ME LATER.. (: Tried this place out with my mom because of the 5 stars it already had on YELP. Their staff is friendly, polite, & answered all of my questions. The establishment is clean. We weren't sure where to put our tray/dishes and the young man at the register kindly took them. The hummus had a bit more lemon juice than I'd like but it was still delicious! My mom even enjoyed it and she doesn't care for hummus. The beef gyro meat was full of flavor! I like that their meat is cooked on the rotisserie thingy.. Yes, I said thingy. I grew up in Germany where all the best gyro places cooked their meat this way. So glad to have found this gem in Mesa. Also, my mother lives 3 hours away and has decided we will be eating here every time she is in town.. This speaks volumes for me. Lol笑
Good portion size and tasty chicken shawerma. Got my plate with hummus and extra salad. The lettuce and veggies were fresh and crisp. Very friendly staff--will definitely go back. In the back of a shopping center surrounded by empty stores so was pleasantly surprised by the quality.笑
Super good mediterranean food. They give you good portion of food enough for 2 people. The workers are super nice and attentive to the customers. And the best part is they gave me a complimentary dessert that was super amazing! I would definitely recommend this place and I would definitely revisit.笑
I read the other reviews and decided to give it a try...
I wasn't crazy about the food. The place wasn't neat and clean like everyone said. The tables outside were dirty and some even had bird poop caked on them. A real downer. 

I笑
I was in town with my mother to sign some documents. I looked up healthy restaurants in the area and couldn't decide what to eat. When I saw the ratings this place had, we had to give it a try. 
The staff was friendly and eager to help you. We both ordered the mixed shawarma plate with all the fixings. 
The food is out of this world. Everything is so fresh and seasoned beautifully. So much flavor in every bite. 
If that was enough, the staff brought out complimentary baklava, which was also to die for. 
We live 45 minutes from here but it looks like we will be making the trip up here because this food is the best I've ever had. A must try, you won't be sorry.笑
This place is just terrific!! The food is just superb, hubby said it's the closest he's had to authentic since visiting Greece!!! Meat was tender, veggies fresh, all just delicious!!! Service was wonderful too, staff were friendly, helpful, and really cared about our dining experience..... and let's talk about the complimentary baklava.... yummooooo! We'll be regulars, for sure!笑
So so excited we found Green Corner! Thank you Yelp! Reviews were great so we decided to try it. 

We went in at around 8:00pm or so, there were a couple of occupied tables. Soon after that more and more ppl started to poor in. Some ppl ordered take out, others decided to dine in. 

We ordered the beef and chicken shawerma meals. I was particularly interested in the thin bread, this is called Arabic Shawerma were the sandwich is rolled up and cut into about bite size pieces. I really loved the chicken shawerma, it was very similar to the shawerma I used to have from a place called Sultan Dubai. The beef shawerma was pretty good too but I felt the Taheeni sauce could have used some more lemon juice and the sandwich could have used more vegetables. They were very generous with the meat! 

The portion size was great and the price was reasonable. The service was excellent and the food came out fresh and in a short amount of time. The dish is served with fries, coleslaw, the sauce it goes with and a drink. 

I am definitely going there again and recommending the place to family and friends!笑
Had lunch here today it's in a cute little spot great patio for an outdoor lunch. The employees were so nice and even gave us free baklava at the end of our meal! Will definitely come here again笑
Very yummy! First gyro meat I've ever had that was juicy and not dry! The flatbread/pita was warm and fresh! Hummus was delicious! Big portions, very friendly staff! Definitely recommend!笑
Saw the great reviews on yelp and decided to give this place a shot. Not disappointed. We had 4 people and spent 50 bucks on dinner and drinks. I ordered the kabob combo and it was excellent. Hummus was amazing...the salad was very tasty and main course and rice-all excellent.  Was crowded, but they had a buffet going on which was clearly drawing in the crowds. My bf got the buffet and he was very pleased. All around-thumbs up. Very casual.笑
Good food, good service. The food that stood out was the hummus and what hooked us to go back forever was for some reason they gave us a free baklava. And it was amazing! Well played sir because now you have us trapped forever in your delicious, flaky and nutty but not overly sweet, with a good balance of flavor claws that are your baklava.笑
I moved to Idaho and I really miss this place.  The food is great and they just give you a big ol' heap of food for the price.  It has a really unfortunate location, a lot of good places have failed.  The last restaurant was Oma's, a German place.  The food was good but the horrible location doomed her.  Hopefully Green Corner avoids this fate.

I've had multiple dishes there and everything was always great.  There's no way I could pick my favorite.笑
Come here about once a week! Amazing food and service! Definitely one of my favorite Mediterranean places.笑
Excellent food and so much of it!  We tried the appetizer plater, yummy!  Gyro platter is excellent, the rice is so good. Lots of meat on the gyro.  The staff is great!  And we got free Baklava!  Great place!笑
This is the BEST Greek food I've ever had. The chicken shawarma is SO good and the service is so friendly and helpful. I could go on and on about the food, atmosphere, timeliness, etc.笑
Great hidden gem. Good food and the staff is very helpful with advice on what to try.笑
This my favorite middle eastern place. They have an awesome and friendly service. You can never go wrong with anything in their menu, I have been there many times and never had a bad choice. My favorite dish their is the Al Sham chicken and Al Sham beef shawarma dish.笑
We chose this restaurant because of the other reviews. We were not disappointed. The service is amazing. The guy running the place was on point. He was very friendly. My husband ordered the GC plate combo. As we were being served, he let us know that one of the kababs was burned out of the 3 served. He replaced it shortly after with 2 kababs. My husband said the flavors were amazing. I had the chicken shawarma plate (includes fresh salad, rice, and hummus), and everything was delicious!! They also gave us dessert... deliciously FREE baklava. Good price, healthy tasty food, and amazing service...We Couldn't recommend this place more! We will come back the next time we fly into PHX.笑
Checked this place out last night.  Decor is decent. Food, serving size, and customer service is excellent!  Prices are good as well!  We'll probably come here more instead of Tasty Kabob since the food is better priced and service was quicker. :)笑
I have never been into the restaurant- I found them in a food dealer very service. But- OH MY! SO GOOD! 
My go to order for the house is: gyros (3), large tabouli, and large hummus. Rarely are there leftovers! 
The flavors are so crisp, fresh and delicious. This is one of my favorites to order from- I need to go into the physical place!! 
Did I mention affordable? Because it is. I can get all the food mentioned plus the app delivery fee for under 40 dollars. And when feeding growing people- that is affordable!笑
Wow ! Five stars is not even enough. The food was so fresh and absolutely delicious. Even my son commented that the tomatoes were yummy. We had the gyro and the chicken kebabs. Both perfect.

We had to go there another time during our trip we liked it so much the first time. And it did not disappoint. Again, the food was absolutely perfect. 

Now back in California, we are unable to find a place that comes even close :-(笑
Came by today with my family after reading the reviews. We ordered the mix shawarma plate and gyro plate. The portions were huge and came out quick. The food was delicious and the place seemed to be quite popular too. We even got free baklava since we were first time customers. Aaliyah (*sp) at the front counter was super sweet and friendly. Honestly, even if the food wasn't good, I would give 5 stars just for the service!笑
Always awesome. Everything on their menu, always tastes fantastic. Always fresh, always filling. 

Love this little place, great customer service, very affordable, very filling. 
How can you beat that? Will happily keep coming back.

If you haven't been here, you need to check it out asap, or you're missing out.笑
I live down the street from this place, yasss. I ordered a Greek salad and hummus plate. Everything is extremely fresh and was presented so well in my to go containers.笑
I love the people that work here! Everyone is nice and super helpful. I am Vegan and they told me how to order the Vegetarian plate to make it Vegan, and allowed me to choose my substitutes. My boyfriend is a meat eater and this is also his go to place for Mediterranean food.笑
I thought my review had posted before, but I was mistaken! So I wanted to take the time to post another one, because as a girl who appreciates amazing food, I feel this place deserves it. First of all... The service is incredible! The guys who run this place are so sweet and helpful. But let's get to the good part... The FOOD! The chicken schwarma is TO DIE for. I can't even explain the flavor of whatever they cook this stuff in, but it is incredible. The steak/beef hummus is amazing. I would eat that shit every day if I could. And the green corner combo is a great little sample of all the different meats, but on a skewer. I personally like the flavor of the schwarmas better, BUT all is incredible. To end the meal make sure to get the baklava. I literally cried tears of joy after taking my first bite. I love green corner.笑
Wow, just wow! This place was great. We had fattosh salad, lamb shank, pita and hummus, gryo plate, chicken shawarma and baklava. Everything was made fresh, hot and delicious. The lamb fell off the bone it was so tender. The baklava was the perfect amount of sweet.

I wasn't expecting much from the generic building front, but they surprised me with great food, service, and prices.笑
Dropped in for dinner after reading a decent review in the AZ Republic and we weren't disappointed. This place is causal where you order at the counter, get a number, and the food is brought out to your table.  The staff was friendly and the food came out in within 10 minutes.  This place is closer to our home but won't take 1st place over HajiBaba.
 
The lamb kofta kebab and beef & chicken shawarma plates were delish.  Both plates came with a generous portion of flavorful & moist meat, tasty hummus, rice, and salad.  Other reviewers mentioned receiving a baklava as well, but that wasn't happening on the night we visited.笑
Really good food and great portion sizes, customer service is super friendly, restaurant was really clean and maintained. Definitely coming back!笑
I have had a couple of good meals here but tonight's experience left a sour impression.
After walking up to the counter at 9:25 pm (they close at 10 pm on Saturdays), I was informed that they had already turned off the grill (????) and thus would not make any beef kebabs, chicken kebabs, grilled chicken thighs, etc. That is, they basically would not make the best things on their menu even though there was still 35 min until close. I was further informed that they were out of rice, which is a huge component of all their plates. 

I mean, if I had arrived 2 minutes before close, this would be understandable, but there was still over half an hour left! None of the (few) available remaining items sounded good to me, so I left without getting anything. A wasted 25 minute drive there and back.

The only reason I didn't give 1 star is that I know that this place makes very good food. That being said, the situation tonight was truly disappointing.笑
Absolutely delicious food all around! I have not had a single thing here that I did not thoroughly enjoy. I think their hummus is top notch! My favorite treat for myself is definitely the Lamb Chop plate combo, finish the meal with one of their perfectly made baklava. My husband loves the gyro combo with fries. The gyro again is delicious, but there is no way we can pass up the fresh and delicious fries that they make here. Highly recommend! In fact, I think I need to swing by and order myself a plate of Al Sham chicken sandwich!笑
Wonderful find. Huge portions. Delicious food--- had the chicken schwarma plate. Friendly service.  Will definitely come back.笑
Wow we found this on several websites including yelp,well worth it, excellent prices even better food the flavors the freshness I can't say enough about it and extremely pleasantly surprised Yum Yum treat yourself to come here. We ordered the shawarma combination it was huge shared it with the baba ghannoug and tabouleh it was deliciousI don't usually brave as much is this about food I would come here all the time if I lived in the area were here for Chicago cubs Greentree I will definitely go back and fix this place often again treat yourself to some wonderful fresh food笑
I love this place! Great meats and baklava that is light and flaky and holds together. Just perfect! 
My favorite is the deluxe hummus plate. You get to choose the meat on it and comes with pita for just $7.50. I get a side of lentil soup or falafel if I'm really hungry. Everything has been delicious I've had here!笑
Sl delicious! Our first visit and everyone in our family was impressed.  The best hummus I've ever had but everything our family ordered was fantastic. The chicken shwarma is a must try.  The lamb shanks were also marvelous. On top of it all, the owner's customer service is above and beyond what I expect for any restaurant.  We'll be visiting often!笑
Twice in 2 days this place is amazing. I love a good gyro and this place has one of the best I have ever had. And the baklava is amazing!!!!!!!! The staff is very friendly and willing to chat.笑
Definitely go if your into gyro. The Chicago style is platter is what I had. Fries where cooked to perfection and the gyro on top was plentiful, moist, and flavorful.

Everyone who worked there was very nice.

I come back the next I'm in the area.笑
I was surprised to find such a delicious Mediterranean restaurant so close to home that I had neglected to discover in the two years I've lived in the area. I ordered the beef kabob plate with rice and salad and my hubby ordered the chicken kabob plate.  The sauces that each plate came with were pungent and delicious.  I loved the dressing on the Greek salad as well.  You get a ton of food for a good price.笑
This place was absolutely awesome! It's very close to mcc so me and my boyfriend came here this afternoon because we've seen it before and wanted to try it. The chicken shwarma and beef shwarma plates were fantastic. Only cost like 20 bucks for two giant meals and a drink. The workers were very friendly also.笑
This place is legit! My husband and I both got the gyro plates to go and when I got home I was surprised at the amount of food for such a reasonable price. Best gyros I've had anywhere. They also threw in some free baklava because I said I had never tried it before! I'll definitely be back again.笑
Dinner.  I would have never known this was here if it was not for Yelp and the 5 star reviews I would have never tried it. We have been doing our Mediterranean run for a few weeks now and for my first visit to Green Corner, A+. 
I walked in thinking I would go basic with a chicken kabob but when I saw the stack of steak and found our it was rib eye and that is their choice of meat for the beef kabobs I quickly changed my mind and glad I did!
First and foremost the steak was not over cooked. Everything had great flavor rice, salad, the hummus.  I can truly say this was the best beef kebab I have had so far and I will be back. 
Minus the baba ghanouj it was burnt. But overall it was great very friendly staff and it was very clean even though I flung half of my plate of rice onto the floor while I was taking the meat off the stick.  
Great find.笑
We had the chicken shwarma plates and baklava. I'd have to say top 10 best things I've eaten. Huge portion sizes and affordable. Recommend!笑
The platters are delicious. The lentil soup is a must! Great value for the amount of food without compromising taste.笑
Wooooow!!! I stopped in here last night with my girlfriend after searching for somewhere to eat and my god, we definitely made a great choice. This place was incredible!! I ordered the chicken shawarma with rice, salad, and hummus, she went with the kebobs..oh man were we excited when they brought our plates out. For how little we paid, they brought us out sooo much food. All beautifully laid out on the plates to, like it looked GOOD! Amazingly, it tasted even better than it looked. Seriously, without a doubt I'm coming here again, and again, and probably a few more times hahaha! It's that great. Not just the food too, but the service we received was terrific. They girls at the register were beyond nice, and they helped make some recommendations on what to order. On top of all of that, they even brought us two pieces of baklava which was so delicious and fluffy. I see why this place has such perfect reviews, they honestly try and definitely succeed in giving a warm, welcoming place with stellar food and wonderful service. 10/10, definitely coming back as soon as I can.笑
good Middle Eastern. Food very well spiced and not over salted. Home made baklava a  treat.
Thinking about it, and having returned several times, not everything is as stellar as that first meal. The chicken kabob was dry. Some of the meat was overly salted. The gyros are still  good and crispy. The tzatziki and the garlic sauce are not the same. I have yet to figure out which is which. One is good, the is thin and watered down.  We are returning because my husband loves the food here. As long as I'm careful ordering I'm happy too.笑
The people here are super friendly. The strip mall that is located in is dark and a little bit gloomy but the restaurant is very simple. The people here really make it worth coming back to you.

The pros:  

Greek salad, Gyro meat is excellent, hummus and takizi sauce is very good.

Rice is saffron and wonderful


The Bad:

Chicken Schwarma. Was really dry and unfortunately we had a chicken Schwarma a plate and ordered double meat.

My recommendation would be that they don't car too much chicken off of the spit at one time and leave it sitting and then cook it again in order.


We eat it quite often and the best in town is still Haji Baba. Schwarma is what you're looking for then I would probably skip this place only because it was so incredibly dry. Maybe we went on a bad night. We went on a Thursday at 7 PM.笑
My favorite entree is the chicken kabab plate but I substitute hummus for baba ghanosh. Fantastic!!! I also love their falafel. Definitely recommend this place!笑
I never really tried Greek food but I think I love it it was awesome girl in the front was very informative and explained everything well I will definitely be back again笑
Ordered the Green Corner Comb, included beef, chicken and lamb kebabs.  My meat was over cooked.  Asked for some serano chilli peppers and they didn't have anything to spice up the dish.  The flavors were blan and the food was luke warm.  The pita bread had no flavor.  The worst part was waiting 20 minutes for the food. This restaurant lacks identity, it's branded as a Mediterranean restaurant but the flavors are bland.笑
Best customer service I have ever received at any restaurant in my whole life. The beef Shawarma was very tasty the gyro meat is fantastic I got the beef Shawarma plate. And my wife got the gyro plate. Holy smokes this thing was loaded down with meat and food. The staff kept checking to make sure everything was okay make sure we had enough pita bread and even gave us some killer baklava. We spent $25 in total we also got chicken tenders and fries for our daughter overall some of the best Mediterranean food we've had and the best bang for your buck.笑
Had a great lunch here. Greek salad with chicken added. They have a nice fully shaded outdoor area that catches the breeze. They gave us a free baklava for dessert  - super friendly staff.笑
Delicious small Hummus with cucumbers and red tomatoes instead of pita bread.  Excellent food and price.

The homemade baklava is amazing.
I'm bringing friends back here.

The small greek salad is wonderful too.

They may make a vegetable plate off the menu for vegetarians.

At lunch on Thursday, the restaurant was almost full. That's a good sign.

Baklava (/bklv/, /bklv/,[1] or /bklv/;[2] [bklv]) is a rich, sweet pastry made of layers of filo filled with chopped nuts and sweetened and held together with syrup or honey.笑
With all the yelpers review, I had to check it out...I was very impressed with the food. Since then I've been back with the family numerous time. So far everything we've tried (chicken and beef shish kabob, shawarma and gyros) we're all good but the Greek salad and the hummus are my favorite and the baklava are to die for.笑
Not as great as I expected after seeing everyone else's review.  It was okay, but really I have had better.  This is located in a strip mall, with no ambiance (which doesn't affect the food quality).  It is definitely a fast food kind of place.  My husband had kabobs and rice, and he said he had better kabobs.  Tried his rice, and it had a bit of a funky taste as they used too much sumac.  I had the vegetarian platter, and I have definitely had better grape leaves and hummous.  The falafel were way overcooked, making them very hard on the outside and not tender on the inside.  It's not bad - but it's certainly not great.  Also, why the weird little puffy pita triangles?  I expect regular pita bread if you authentic.笑
Beautiful food collection so dalicious
so clean Best customer service 
This restaurant is my favorite笑
Ordered the gyro combo, no distinctive flavors gyro and fries tasted the same, the cucumber yogurt sauce never stood out in the gyro sandwich.  Big portions, and reasonable prices....glad to have tried it but will be moving to the next gyro shop?笑
On a whim, we headed over to Green Corner for lunch on a random Thursday. And, now I shall be making the journey all the time as it completely warrants the drive! The food was super fresh and tasty while being very well seasoned. Plus, the portions are huge so you'll be able to take some to go! The lamb kebabs were delicious and the mixed shawarma plate could possibly feed an entire family. I would pretty much happily eat the garlicy shawarma sauce on anything savory. I really enjoyed the baklava as well as it wasn't too sweet or overly saturated in honey. Service was super friendly, and food came out really promptly.笑
Had a delicious al sham chicken sandwich combo.  So much food I barely could walk out.  My wife had a beef and chicken shawarma plate which was also excellent.  Will definitely be back!笑
Delicious.  The chicken shawerma and the baklava  is amazing.  Second time back in a week.笑
The food is so delicious, the hummus and fatoush are every time favorite. The staff is friendly as well. And it is cheap compared to other middle-eastern restaurants.笑
I wasn't expecting too much from the initial look of the place, but holy cow was it amazing. Everything tasted so fresh, and the portions are so much more than what you pay. They got really busy while I was there, but to make up for having to wait for our extra pita the owner gave us free dessert. And let me tell you, the dessert was just as amazing as the rest of the food. I will absolutely be returning here, probably within the next couple of weeks.笑
We discovered this gem last night. Mediterranean food is my favorite cuisine in the world. I have been fortunate enough to visit Turkey for almost a month and while there, I never had any food that was not superb. Anxious to try this after reading good reviews, we were not disappointed. I had the chicken shawarma plate while my husband had the gyro plate. I also had a bowl of their lentil soup.  Everything we were served was incredible, I particularly loved their tabouli and the lentil soup.  Both meats were prepared beautifully and the rice had a lovely subtle flavor.  I have never really liked baklava but their version was magnificent. I realize I have used many superlative adjectives but that's how good this place proved to be. If you love really good quality, well prepared food with a Mediterranean flavor, you will love this place.笑
Not impressed with their food at all. I had the chicken schwerma which was super dry, chewy, and chopped up into little bits. It came with a poor serving side salad which was mostly tomatoes. Their garlic paste/sauce had too much garlic, to the point it was overwhelming to smell much less eat. My boyfriend had a chicken alsham rack that was $10 which contained more dry chicken and some pickles. Needless to say, it wasn't worth the price. It was my first time here and sadly my last time. Pita Jungle is way better! At least Pita Jungle makes their own pitas, this place certainly does not.笑
AMAZING Greek food at a great price. Large portions and the humans is some of the best I have ever had. Staff was also super friendly.笑
We came to the green corner for a business lunch and the food was delicious. However it did take a long time to get to our table so I wouldn't recommend it if you are in a hurry笑
I really wanted to break the 5 star rating and wanted to throw off the average. BUT I CANT! IT IS GOOOOD. You get a lot of food for your money. And it tastes really great. It may shave a slight spice to the meat. But it is not too bad as my wife ate it and she does not even do pepper. Oh and too top it off, I got free baklava for my first time I am assuming. That or cause I said I was going to break the 5 star streak.笑
Everytime I go back, I try to get something different, and everytime I get something it gets better and better! The falafel sandwich is my new favorite. The babaganush or however you spell it is SO authentic with strings of real eggplant. I love it all, once again. Thanks guys!笑
I've hardly eaten Shawarma plates before where every single item on the plate was top notch. The rice, the meat, hummus, puts, even the salad was sooo fresh. It's a great restaurant. I do feel the baklava was not up to mark, I've eaten better baklavas elsewhere. But, keep up the great work you guys!!笑
Best food u can find in mesa and its good for you. Friendly staff. Fair price. I eat here at least twice a week.笑
A really nice find. A little place in a strip mall. We walked in and were greeted right away. We explained that we had never been there and the young lady explained the menu to us. She was very pleasant and helpful. I had the gyro plate. It was very good. Lamb, fries, and some fresh salad with pita bread. Very tasty. My wife had the Greek salad with chicken. It was large enough that she shared some with me. while we were eating, the young lady who greeted us came over to the table and gave us two pieces of baklava. They were very fresh and delicious. We will definitely be returning.笑
Delicious Middle eastern food, afordable prices and good service. It is a little bit small inside and can get crowded and loud but you can try the patio if you are uncomfortable inside.笑
Best Mediterranean food in Mesa. Maybe the whole valley. Great service everytime. Everyone always leaves happy and stuffed. Well done.笑
Randomly saw this place and decided to check it out. Everyone was very nice and helpful. Chicken was very good and loved the seasoning. Prices were very reasonable for the amount of food. Employees were great and genuinely interested in what we thought of the food. Definitely will go again. I hope more people discover this place! I will be sure to spread the word.笑
Wow!  I can't believe I didn't know about this place before!  Turns out it's right across the street from where I work too. 

The baba ghannoug has a wonderful smoky  flavor from the roasting of the eggplant.  The texture is perfect - not too thin and still has pieces of eggplant also.  

The stuffed grape leaves with tzatziki are amazing and the seasoning of the rice is delicious.  

Thanks Green Corner - you have a new regular customer!笑
Really good food, clean, and very nice manager!  
Chicken shawarma was killer, lamb kebabs were a bit skinny.  Will be back笑
Oh my Lord. Perfection in Greek food. Despite the seemingly blank store front and vague name (it's not really a restaurant, more of a fast food setup), as soon as we walked in the door I was floored. Warm greeting, very friendly, patient ordering. Fair prices, huge portions, clean setup. But the food.... Ugh, I had the chicken shwarma and gyro plates and I could eat that food every meal for the rest of my life. GET THE BAKLAVA! Best I've ever had. We were even thanked by every single cook behind the counter on the way out! 

No guys, thank you. I'll be back as many times as I can make it there, as should everyone else in the Phoenix area. Wow.笑
We have loved eating at this spot. Their menu is authentic and well-prepared. Their staff is friendly and attentive. Plates are enough to share, or plan on taking home! Plan on a delicious piece of baklava for dessert, complimentary!!笑
Great food and great prices. The staff are very nice as well. We almost always get the mixed shawarma plate and split it with and extra pita and baklava. It's definitely enough for two and the food is wonderful. I definitely recommend this place.笑
If you want a food explosion of flavor in your mouth and don't want to spend much money, this is the business .  I prefer to get my meal to go with an extra side of humus and pita and I always get two meals from meals it.  If you don't know anything about Mediterranean/ middle eastern food, this place will get you hooked.  Quality food,  great price and friendly customer service, what more do you want. Check it out.笑
I found this delicious place thanks to Yelp! I don't live nearby but I will definitely be making the drive to get food here sometimes!

Went today and everything was delicious. Portions were huge, the place was clean, and service was fast AND friendly. 

I got the mixed shwarma plate and it's enough food to be three meals or so for me. Yum.

Weird to point out, I'm sure, but the soda from the fountain was on point. I got a Dr. Pepper and it was definitely better than average. Love when that happens.笑
We came here after a long day of work. The food was amazing and the customer service was wonderful. The host was knowledgeable about everything on the menu and offered to give me a sample of the smoked eggplant to make sure I'd like it.笑
This place is amazing. Sorry I have no photos, I will post them when I definitely come back again. We had the chicken shawarma plate and some baklava. The chicken shawarma was great! Rice, hummus, salad, everything that came with it was very good. The baklava...was amazing! 

I've had a lot of baklava, but after having theirs I feel like I'm actually tasting it as it should be for the first time. (This coming from someone who has no personal experience, culturally, with it...still) hard to explain...you just need to come hear and taste their delicious food and their amazing baklava! You guys rock! We'll be back soon.笑
Another home run for Yelp. . .correction--another grand slam.

This is a small, unassuming place with non-descript decor that has absolutely knock out Mediterranean food.  It's got the general type of menu that you see at all of these spots (gyros, kabobs, etc.), but be prepared for intense, delicious flavor and LARGE portions.

Did I mention FREE BAKLAVA with your entree?

We had to take a minute looking for the place, but it was worth it--apart from the food, there are really friendly folks here and the joint has a nice atmosphere.  It's hard to maintain a five star average rating, but this place has amazing food, and you get a lot of it for a good price.  That's what does it.

If you didn't know about this place before, now you do.  GO there.笑
I ordered from Green Corner through yelp because of all the great reviews I read on here. However, once I opened my salad, it wasn't what I was excepting at all. First, I had "special instruction" of no olives, there were olives. Okay human error. Then I was surprised it didn't come with pita bread. All the places I've gone include pita bread. Lastly, I ordered my salad with chicken and I did not like the taste of it which in the end ruined the salad. I was not pleased at all with my order.笑
I would like to give it four stars but the atmosphere is just blah. The food is very good, the employees very nice, I enjoyed my meal and I would go back again but I wouldn't go out of my way to do it. If you're in the area give it a shot. The flavors are authentic but the room itself takes away from it.笑
Our favorite go to restaurant on a Sunday afternoon. Little place with some outdoor seating and indoors feel clean and less frequented. I've ordered the chicken shawarma plate and wrap a few times and it has always been fresh tasting and great! The rice has a nice cinnamon flavor to it, meat is flavorful and garlic sauce+hummus are great. My husband is a big fan of their fresh Baklavas and even took 10 baklavas to go after lunch today! 
Portion sizes are easily for a meal+ to go. So try and share a full meal if you're heading here!笑
Great portions.
Friendly, good service.
Excellent quality/ fresh.
Relaxed atmosphere.
Take a look at the other customers' plates and see for yourself.

A true gem.笑
Q:  What the halal is an 'al sham beef sandwich'?  (A)  a middle eastern beef burrito; (B) a cumin beef roll; (C) a flatbread stuffed with flavorful beef, lettuce, tomato, and pickles with a white (garlic?) dipping sauce alongside; (D) the tastiest and most satisfying lunch experience I have enjoyed in Mesa.  Answer:  all of the above!

I really liked Oma's Place when it occupied this spot - but Green Corner is even better!  When I walked in the place the kitchen dudes were roasting eggplants on open flames for their baba ghannoug.  Like Rene Zellweger famously said - they had me right then (at 'hello').  

Clean.  Well-run.  Great menu of middle eastern favorites.  I got my 'al sham beef' as a combo which came with fries, a dollop of coleslaw, and a bottomless fountain drink (about $12.40 incl tax).  The 'sandwich' is a generous portion of two beef rolls.  Lots of cumin.  Beef juicy and slightly rare - just right.  

I'm already plotting my return...  My new go-to spot in Mesa笑
Authentic delicious food, the employees were very welcoming and the baklava was so fresh, perfectly sweet and flaky.笑
As good as it gets?  You bet!  This is the best mediterranean food I have had here.  In fact it was about the best meal we have had in years.  It is not fancy, it is ethnic but everything is super.  Even the salad was made with care - very fresh romaine, light dressing, real Kalamata olives.

I had the gyros plate.  They let me sub Baba ganoosh for the rice (I figured with pitas I did not need another starch - until I tasted my wife's rice, so good)  This rice is not the run of the mill yellow rice you usually get.  It is distinctly flavored with spices (some what like garam masala).  Gyros was of great quality, loaded with flavor and very tender.  A lot of it too.  Portions are very large.  Hummus was great too, lots of flavor.

My wife had the chicken shwarma which I do not usually like - I really liked this.  Like the rest of the food, it is richly flavored and a very large portion. It is made in the traditional way on a vertical spit - you can see it.

The top 10 reasons to go here

1 - great food
2 - large portions of great food.
3 - great service.  They are always helpful and extremely pleasant. They clearly care about how you are doing.
4- nice ambiance - no, not fancy, but restful and quiet, with comfortable seating 
5- great hours (open from late morning until late in the evening)
6 - easy and plentiful parking (it is in the strip mall on the north-east corner of Southern and Alma School - near the center)
7 - They just might give you free baklava - I noticed several people commented on this and they did give some to us.  It is great - strong fresh walnut flavor, flaky pastry and a modest amount of honey - not overwhelming as it often is. So tip generously. 
8 - clean, and they clear the tables quickly. 
9 - an excellent value ($27 for two plates with drink - it is dinner)
10 -go there - we want this place to stay open a long time because we plan on going often!

Now it is my wife's turn -
I had a lot to say until he pinched all my ideas!  On the other hand, he's real picky about his mediterranean/middle eastern food, so the above is actually about a 10-star review.  As for me, I have a lot of food sensitivities, and they were cheerfully willing to accommodate them in every way possible.  The result:  I ate each bite I could squeeze in, and pita-d the plate clean!  And brought home enough for another whole dinner!  What a wonderful change from "Yeah - sorry - pretty much everything has pepper in it.  Except for the desserts."  

So, outstanding food, value, service, and experience!  Please help them stay in business - you won't regret it a bit!笑
Good stuff, great portions. Smiley, happy service! I had the gyro plate and a piece of baklava. Comfy atmosphere.笑
How did I not find this place sooner?   Amazing!   Casual little place with awesome food.  Big portions and so flavorful.   Definitely one to visit.笑
Green Corner was so good! Their food was fresh and full of flavor. The girl at the counter was so sweet and gave us complementary baklava with our order. We'll definitely be back!笑
I love trying Greek food places! The chicken swawarma is absolutely to die for! The staff was so friendly and kind that I will definitely be back to try different items on the menu!笑
This is one of my favorite spots. The staff is always welcoming. I have tried a lot of the menu and have never been disappointed with anything. Portion sizes are very large and well worth the price. The decor and location is all a bit strange but doesn't impede on a great meal.笑
Hands down the best gyro and shwarma we have had in AZ!  Reasonable prices and excellent service. Highly recommended!笑
Food was delicious! And the staff was so attentive! The lamb plate and gyro were both more than we could eat! Yummy baklava for dessert!笑
Excellent food, good prices and great service! Recommended: chicken and beef shawarma! Expect lots of flavor, generous portions and a full tummy at the end.笑
I love Mediterranean food so try new places as often as I can. The place is clean and the staff are very freindly. The portions for the price is fantastic!! The bocliva was a little dry but very tastey (hard not to be). The gyro was savory and tasty. The Greek salad was fresh and good flavors. The humus was smooth, but could have been a little tastier.... all in all a good place笑
So much yum! I love Mediterranean food, and this place is definitely on my A list. The prices are very fair, and the portions are well suited for my burning hunger and muscular thighs. Protein!!笑
This place is a gem. The location is a bit weird but the food is soo good. I got the chicken shawarma plate which came with salad, salad, shawarma, pita, hummus and some delicious rice and it was 8.99!!! I cant recall if this includes the drink but either way they are free refills.

Everything was so fresh and very tasty. The hummus tasted alot like it did when I visited the middle east and was smooth as butter like it should be. The portions are HUGE, I honestly dont think I even ate half before i was stuffed. The staff is also extremely nice and very attentive. They actually messed up my bf order (added tomato when we asked to exclude) and they came to us once they realized it and made him a whole other pita and were so apologetic. This is what customer service is all about (p.s. he had already finished the one with tomato lol).

Give it a shot if you like mediterranean food!笑
Amazing food and super nice staff. We tried the beef and chicken shawarma and the gyros and they were all fantastic. The Greek fries are to die for!笑
Great food, great service. VERY filling huge portions. Free refills on drinks. Friendly staff. Daily specials. Great for taking someone out to lunch. Not the easiest to find so I called. They are next to Dollar Tree. Happy to answer all questions.笑
Amazing! So much amazing food for such a good price. Service was fantastic. We even got free desert! Definitely coming back. Very impressed. My group got a falafel plate and 2 gyro plates. Both amazing!笑
The food is so good! The Greek fries are the best ever!   You can't go wrong with any food choice here, plus the customer service is outstanding!笑
Attentive service and delicious food with large portions! We came in on New Year's day and were offered complimentary baklava. Highly recommend!笑
So this place is a complete home run for some things... a bit light in a few spots that I typically look for.  But it is such a screaming steal for absolutely great Mediterranean food that I'm willing to give them 5 stars despite the few short comings.

The great:
The food, the food, and THE FOOD.  we tried a variety of their food, and everything was absolutely fantastic.  My only comment would be that the baklava was a bit heavy, but ridiculously flavorful (what spice was that???)
The service... eager to please and make sure the customer was happy and the food was to our liking.  In fairness it was pretty empty when we went, but the attitude was evident and I doubt that would change with a more full restaurant.  food was ready pretty quickly, but again, the restaurant was pretty empty.
Prices...  $25 for two for dinner including appetizers, full meal, drinks.  Extremely reasonable.
Portions... took about 1/3 of our food home and were totally full.

The good:
The atmosphere... a bit industrial and spartan.  Concrete floors make the dining area a bit echoy and empty feeling..
Location:  up North of the 60 just off of Alma School, not the greatest neighborhood.  but everybody's gotta be somewhere.

NET:  All in all, if you are looking for great Mediterranean food and don't care much about atmosphere.. this is the place.  My favorite from that perspective was Princess a few miles south, but as of this review, I've got a new favorite when I've got a hankerin'.....  Normally the knocks I've mentioned above for atmosphere would be enough for me to drop this to 4-stars, but the food was so over-the-top good that I've made an exception here.  Just know what it's getting the 5 stars for and if that's what you're after, this is the place.笑
If you think that all the 5-star reviews for this place are fake or paid for, let me assure you, they are not.

We love Mediterranean food. So we were super bummed when Sahara closed and the owners retired, because we went there nearly every month for their fantastic hummus. I despaired of finding a replacement close to my house. Because while Pita Jungle has nostalgia, it's hummus really doesn't make the grade.

This place has fantastic food and even better service. I don't think I've ever had a single complaint about the service. Not only that, I think they've actually impressed me every time with how nice and quick they are.

Competent staff and a clean restaurant is rare enough, but the food here really blows most other places out of the water. I've had nearly everything on the lunch menu, and it's amazing.

Their falafel is the best I've had, bar none. You should never settle for dry, tasteless falafel ever again since this place exists. They generously spice all their meats, and you can taste the cinnamon on the lamb. The hummus is properly creamy and savory, and comes with a very generous helping of pita to help you eat it. Also, their side salads are awesome. They put huge chunks of crisp, fresh vegetables in them and never over-dress the salads. Their house dressing is impressively tasty without being overpowering. I don't know what the technical term is for that garlic yogurt sauce, but they make it really awesome here. It's overpoweringly garlicky, just like it should be.

The portions are absolutely massive, especially if you order off the dinner menu. I can usually manage to stretch mine to three meals, and it still tastes fantastic when it's a couple of days old.

We eat here regularly, and will continue to do so for years in the future!笑
My wife and I are in town to see family for a long weekend and were craving something local, so we consulted The Yelp and found Green Corner Restaurant.  It was nearby, not expensive, and had very good reviews, so we headed there for dinner.

The location isn't anything amazing, but the outdoor seating looked inviting and was quite comfortable.  I ordered the chicken shwarma plate and my wife had the gyro special.  Both were excellent.  We've eaten gyros in at least 4 countries on two continents, and we agreed that we liked the gyro from Green Corner as much as anything we've tried anywhere else.  Served hot with warm, soft bread, juicy meat that was a perfect consistency, and the right mix of veggies and sauce.  Perfect!  The chicken shwarma plate was also very good; I especially liked the rice and hummus, and the salad was nicely balanced.  Two excellent meals for less than $20 - can't beat it!  We may skip one of the family meals and see if we can't get some cousins to join us for a trip back...:)笑
Boom! Outstanding lunch. Ya gotta try the Falafel and the salad!  Oops, I forgot; the baklava too.  Will definitely be back. Thanks for the great service!笑
This place gets 5 stars on yelp but i don't know why. I give it 1 star, but i haven't had their food. The one star is solely for their service. I was really excited about trying this place. The food 'looks' awesome. 
I was at home (watching a football game) when i got hungry. I figured i could come here grab a quick meal and get back and finish the game. So i called to see where this place was located. However i was informed that they had a large party of 30 or more people but they would reserve a table for me.
I thought that was cool.
What i didn't realize is that I wouldn't be served until that entire party was served. It was more like an event not just a large party. It was like a scene from the movie 'My Big Fat Greek Wedding' Also this place is not very big. When she saved my table it really was the last table available. And they don't actually have table service. You order at the register and get your own drink. Then they bring it to you. But there was a long line so the girl told me to have a seat and she would come get my order. Unfortunately I waited 20 minutes for her to come take my order. I figured she would at least bring me a drink cup. She didn't. I waited till the line was gone and went up to get one then went to the soda fountain and got my drink. 
I don't think they were equipped to handle such a large party, that's the only reason i can think of because I never got my food. Even though the staff kept walking by me again and again, the food was not mine.  45 minutes after i got there a different girl brought my food, bagged to go. Even though I ordered to eat in (before i realized I'd be there so long). Then she said she would bring it to me for dine in. But even then, the order she brought me was wrong. I just told her to go ahead and cancel my order. I didn't want to wait they're any longer. I wanted to get back to watch the game. Plus after sitting there and listening to the conversations around me i came to the conclusion that this family or whatever they were, were rude. (One talked about his roommate being 'nice enough, surprisingly, for an American')
I'm glad i called ahead. I'm sorry i went ahead and tried it anyway, even though i knew they'd be crowded.
I might try it again, I'll for sure call ahead again. I won't go if they are having a day like today.笑
Honestly probably one of the best experiences I've had in a long time. Kind, generous and attentive.  That's just the service. 

The food, put ever other mediterranean restaurant a few pegs down.  The plates are huge and everything has amazing flavor.  

Will be back several times!!  Wish more places like this where around!!!笑
When I went to the restaurant, the first thing I asked the waiter is wether the food is Zabiha or not. 
They had confirmed me that they bring the chicken and beef from restaurant depot, from (noor aljabaal).

I had beef shawarma and its one of the best restaurants that serve shawarma!笑
Great tasting food and a lot of it.  Lamb kebabs we're so tender and tasty.  They even brought out a free dessert for us.笑
Friendly, clean and delicious. Meals are large and come with a baklava for dessert, who could want more? Been several times and each visit doesn't disappoint.笑
This place was absolutely amazing! I have not stopped thinking about my meal and have told everyone about it. I went there with a friend and we both had the chicken schwarma platter. The chicken was seasoned perfectly and everything was fresh and delicious. The portion size was tremendous so I had lunch AND dinner all for under $10.00. The service was great and they even brought out Baklava for dessert at no charge...and it was delicious! Even though I live nowhere close to here, I'll be back!笑
Big portions, freshly made meals, speedy service and reasonable prices are the key selling points of Green Corner. 

Had lunch here with the delightful Haneen O. We both had never tried out this place before but we excited to eat here based on the reviews. I decided to go veg for lunch and got the vegetarian combo which includes 3 falafel, baba ganoush, hummus, tabbouleh, grape leaves, and pita bread. It was a ton of food! It was also served to me seemingly in the blink of an eye it was that fast. My favorite part of the plate was the baba ganoush. It had a deep smoky flavor and had a more neutral taste vs. super acidic/lemony versions I've had at other restaurants. The hummus with smooth and well balanced, the tabbouleh fresh with a light lemon flavor, and the falafel had an intriguing flavor due to the incorporation of whole coriander in the filling.

As if my mountain of food weren't enough, they were nice enough to give us free baklava at our table. I was so full I ended up taking it home, but I thought it was really well executed when I finally ate it. The layers were crisp, buttery/flakey, and the filling wasn't too sweet.

The one major negative for me at least was that this small space doesn't get really good ventilation so it felt really warm to me when we were dining here. There was A/C but it didn't seem to be circulating throughout the whole restaurant well.

Overall it was a pleasant experience with great company. I'll be back!笑
Very good Lebanese food!  I get the Chicken Kabab plate with Tabouleh and it is always great.  Chicken never over cooked and spiced just right.  The Tabouleh is also excellent with not too much Bulgur Wheat in it (I don't like it when they do that!).  I also hear the Chicken Shawarma is excellent. They don't skimp on the portions either, they are huge!  I highly recommend Green Corner if you like Lebanese food!笑
The food was really good and everyone that worked there was nice. Not a lot of tables and half of the empty ones were dirty. I got there shortly before noon on a Tuesday and definitely beat the lunch rush. Ordered the falafel plate and it was a generous amount of falafel, salad, rice, hummus and pita. Added a drink and total was $11ish. I wasn't blown away by the flavor but it was clean and fresh tasting for sure. Baklava sounded good too but there was one sad tiny piece in the case up front that looked like a reject from the day before so I skipped it. Willing to return and try more on the menu. Always enjoy a good lentil soup.笑
This place is truly a hidden gem. I have been craving Mediterranean food for so long and I'm so glad I came here for my fix! It's a little hole in the wall place in a strip mall but what it lacks in size it makes up for in flavor. I got the chicken Shwarma plate after asking the owner which was better... That or the gyros. He said the Shwarma. He wasn't lying. It was BURSTING with flavor. Some soft pieces, some crunchy. Amazinggg. Great garlic sauce and awesome, super creamy humus. The salad dressing was great too. Super good value for your money. The plate and a drink cost me about $11 and it was worth every penny! I'm stuffed and I normally don't ever feel full. He was a doll and even brought me out a baklava. I will DEFINITELY be back. I'm not a huge fan of Mesa... But I think Green Corner may have made me turn the corner about this city. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing.笑
Got the Greek salad and stuffed grape leaves. So delicious and fresh. Then got delicious dessert. Best random lunch drop in. Definitely will come back. Veggies were very crisp.笑
This is the best Mediterranean food I have had in a long time! The Baba Ganoush had chunks of roasted eggplant mixed in and was absolutely delicious. 
The employees were very nice and even offered a free Baklava for my first visit.笑
Great food, I don't know if it's possible to beat the food quality for the price of this. It's a good value and the taste and overall quality is great. It seemed like care went into making it.

There are healthy options on the menu. The plates come with a meat + 3 sides. The default combo plate is meat + 1 side of salad + 1 side of hummus, + 1 side of rice.  It's nice that you can mix up the sides how you like.  I went for 2 salad sides and 1 hummus. I don't normally enjoy greek salad much, but I wanted to eat healthier so I made this decision. Turns out, the greek salad was actually delicious, as was everything on the menu.  That's saying something, because I tried a lot of food here.  I was with a group of 6 and we ordered a variety. Everyone loved it.

We also receive an unexpected complimentary walnut dessert pastry from the owner/manager at the end. This too was very good.

The owner/manager (not sure he was actually just the manager or both) was friendly and hospitable. He checked in on us to see how we were doing a couple times and also came over to clear our table at the end, even though this is typically a place where you order at the counter and bus your own table. I suspect/hope that there will come a time when he's too busy to give this type of personal attention, but it's great that he does this while having some downtime.

If you're in the area and looking for a quality meal, Green Corner is a solid choice.笑
It was my lucky day when Yelp showed this place in my search. Great food and a wonderful staff. I will be back!笑
This place deserves the five star rating. If you are looking for good middle eastern food, you will not be disappointed here, at all. Also the gyro are thick cut which is how  it should be!笑
I love when the service and friendliness of the staff is as good as the food. I wish I lived here as I would visit often, but I'm an out of towner. The amount of food for the price is outstanding. My vegetarian plate with falafel, hummus, tabouleh and baba ganoush was delicious. We also had some of the homemade baklava, you can't beat homemade baklava! Real authentic food, homemade! Thanks guys!笑
On a scale of 1 to belly dancer, I would say get your face veils ready. Portions are large. Had the combo plate. Beef was delightfully delightful.笑
Great atmosphere and delicious food! Huge portions. Highly recommend the gyro sandwiches and baklava! I can eat here everyday笑
The gyros plate was delicious and came in a large plate and wasn't even able to finish it. Good value and quality, definitely recommend.笑
I still love this place as much as when my boyfriend and I first stumbled upon it.

The food is always cooked perfectly, generous portions at affordable prices, and even complimentary baklava (that we ordered extra of anyways because my man is obsessed). Not to mention the food comes fast and the workers are so nice! We are always impressed by the quality all around  at Green Corner. 

So like I stated before, if you haven't been here before, come. ASAP.笑
This place is incredible. The staff is very friendly. They're always willing to help with any questions you have about the menu. For the amount of food you get the price can't be beat. I have been now maybe 10 separate times and I've never been disappointed once. The chicken Al Sham is great. I work with three Iraqis and all them say this is the most authentic they've had. Don't miss out on the baklava.笑
Great Mediterranean Greek food had the combo plate and everything was delicious. Would have fed 3 adults. Portions are huge! It is in a empty strip mall but very clean and easy to order menu. Give this place a try.笑
Absolutely the BEST chicken shawarma plate I've ever had.  Staff is friendly and service is quick.  I would definitely recommend!笑
This place is amazing!! The girl who took our order was as sweet as the baklava (which is one of the best I've ever tasted, melts in your mouth) My girlfriend wasn't sure what she wanted and this young lady helped her through the menu. The portions are generous, the food is very fresh, and most importantly the entire experience lived up to...no surpassed the five star rating. I will be back again and again.笑
Great food , clean facility , and nice service staff . The portions are large and the quality of the food was excellent . The chicken shawarma came with salad , hummus , rice and pita . Took half of it home and can't wait for the leftovers . :)笑
best food in this area, Sham Chicken shawarma is unbelievable, dont forget to try their fresh Kenafah and Beqlawa. dont want to forget how friendly were the owner and staff笑
These guys nailed it!  The service is excellent, the establishment appears spotlessly clean, and best of all, the food is outstanding.  I was talking to the manager the first time I was ever in here and was quite taken by him and his fellow staff's pride in their ability to prepare a quality product.  They even sent us home with samples of other items just out of kindness and such a belief in their food.  This is most definitely a place anyone should try!笑
We were looking for something close to home and found this place on yelp.  We love Mediterranean food so decided to check it out.  This is way better than expected!! Employees are so helpful and nice.  Suggested a few items.  I got mix shwarma while my husband had go to plate.  We also had to try the kibbeh as it is a favorite of ours.  Huge portions, such diverse flavors.  Just delicious!!!  We were approached part way through our meal with inquiries of how our meals were.  She then said I'll be back with your baklava. I informed her we didn't order any when she said it was on the house.  So very nice and sweet after a sumptuous spicy meal.  We highly recommend!!!笑
Awesome place!!! Check it out!!! Love the place! I love their hummus and shawarma! Also, the people there are just very nice.笑
Very friendly service. Food was outstanding! The only problem was the lamb shank was tough. Loved everything else! Will return.笑
I'll keep this simple... The food is amazing! My favorite is the Beef Shawarma. Another important thing is that it is consistent. High quality meat and fresh vegetables. And the prices are low for what you get. And lastly, the staff is super friendly and accommodating. I haven't one negative thing to say about this place and that is rare. I drive from ahwatukee often to eat there... and I always bring new friends and family so that they can enjoy this great establishment.笑
Dis place be da bomb!!  The food is perfectly seasoned. The falafel (aka, Mediterranean hush puppies) is incredible. The tahini sauce, rather than being overpowering, is perfumed. The beef shawerma is tender and succulent then, for a sammy, it's wrapped in a thin, crispy bread. Even my soda -- a delicious Fanta Orange, in a bottomless cup -- was carbonated to perfection, i.e., throat-ripping refreshment. Do not pass Go. Do not collect $200. Head thee straight (or gayly forward!) to this fantastic joint.笑
What a great find on a week where I didn't have time to cook and needed something healthy and nutrient dense to get us through the week! You can taste the freshness in the food and the prices seem reasonable. My husband ordered the gyro (pita/sandwich... I don't remember the exact name) and I had the vegetarian plate with a cup of lentil soup.

Everything tasted amazing. By far the best falafel and baba ganoush I've ever had.  I normally don't like stuffed grape leaves, but somehow always convince myself to give it another shot, and am so glad I didu this time! This is the only stuff grape leaves I actually enjoyed!笑
YUM! I met up with fellow Yelper Karen W and I was excited to meet her and try a new restaurant together. It took me a bit to find it, as it is not close to the road but rather in the middle of the shopping complex. We came around noon on a weekday and we're lucky to get a table, it was busy with the lunch crowd.

I love that there is a "Halal" stamp on the cover of their menu, makes my decision easier. I went with the chicken shawerma sandwich and ordered a side of fries at the counter. Our food took about 10 minutes or so to come out and it was clearly made fresh to order. My sandwich was delicious, the bread used for the wrap was flaky and crispy and the chicken was marinated well (you can see it and the beef shawerma spinning grillers/the spit behind the counter when you order). The fries were surprisingly good, I just wanted more food but they were better than I thought. 

***Also how could I forget to mention the complimentary baklava, I took it home with me and had it a few days later, still tasted delectable! A hospitable touch for a restaurant that clearly values its customers and prides itself on their food and service. 

Overall, great food at a great value. I'm so glad we came here and I hope to make it out more in the future.笑
I've eaten a lot of Greek food, on two different coasts. This is by far the best gyro meat I have eaten. The staff is lovely, they are attentive and helpful. We will definitely be back!笑
Hard to find good Mediterranean / Greek food in El Paso, so when we saw the ratings for this place, we just had to stop! Husband had been craving the schawarma he got used to while working in Canada (huge immigrant population = amazing food!). He got the mixed schawarma ate, which came heaping with meat, a salad, a healthy portion of hummus and saffron rice, as well as a big pita to scoop it all up with! Delicious! He's a big guy and this filled him up (I took care of that pesky healthy salad for him). They also brought two complimentary slices of baklava, a touch I've never seen before! Getting the food took less than ten minutes, and it definitely seemed fresh. It was so good and the husband has.l been missing that type of food so much we ended up going back again for takeout for dinner to take back to the hotel. Any future trips to Mesa / Phoenix are likely to feature a repeat visit here!笑
AMAZING!!! Wow this food reminded me of the delicious shawerma and kabab we had in Jordan! Hummus, taboule, salad, the French fries, everything was WOW! Very authentic and flavorful!! The price is great! The service is amazing! Very nice and respectful people! We loved it! Will definitely be back!笑
If you're looking for a meal with a generous portion of food at a reasonable price then Green Corner Restaurant is a great option! I saw this place come up on Yelp when Mark R. reviewed it, and I've had it bookmarked ever since. It was a bit out of the way for us but we decided it would be worth a try.

The restaurant itself is located towards the back of a parking lot; It would be a hard find unless someone is actually looking for it (I did see that there's a Pokémon gym located nearby, however, so maybe that makes it a little bit easier). There were a few tables inside for different size groups, but overall, nothing fancy which is perfectly fine. All orders are placed at the front counter and food is brought out to your table.

We ordered the Chicken Shawarma Plate and the Gyros Plate which both came with a side of rice, salad, and hummus. It took a while to get the food, however we could tell everything was made fresh after we ordered it!

My favorite thing on the plate was the rice as it was cooked perfectly and seasoned well. It tasted great with bits of the chicken shawarma and garlic sauce. The salad was full of lettuce, cucumbers, bell peppers, tomatoes, kalamata olives, feta cheese, and dressing. I personally didn't enjoy the hummus as much as my fiancé did just because it was a little bit more lemon-y than I prefer. Next time, I would ask if I could get something else instead.

We agreed that this restaurant would probably become our go-to for Mediterranean food because of the price as well the food itself. I would definitely recommend stopping by and giving this place a try when you're in the area!笑
I love this place.  Quick healthy meals.  Really great staff.  Generous helpings and reasonably priced.  The free desert was an unexpected treat.  Best hummus around!  Love the vegetarian plate.笑
Just happened to stumble across this place with the "nearby" button on my phone. It showed a hot new business and it was very close to my work. On top of that, my new Yelp friend Leslie A. from Scottsdale just happened to be checking in there and she gave me the big thumbs up.

This is a locally owned business with the owner and his team working side by side to deliver some very delicious and tasty mediterranean food. The inside is very clean and the food always comes out fresh and packed with flavor.

Ordered the Chicken Shawerma Plate on my first visit and was very pleased with the giant portion of food. Decided on the Green Corner Combo Plate for my next visit and was blown out of my mind. It was huge and had a nice combination of Lamb, Chicken, Beef, Falafel and it was served with Hummus, Greek Salad, Rice and Pita bread.

Their menu has a great selection of healthy choices and the prices are very reasonable. I was amazed at how good everything tasted and it cost less than your typical fast food chain restaurants. Nice!

Service is very friendly and the food is cooked fresh and on demand. Can't wait to go back over there and try some of the more unusual items that they offer. Even managed to turn my co-workers on to this place and they love it too.

Located back in the middle section of the complex next to the dollar store and Big Lots. See ya there during the week for an early lunch and chances are my mouth will be too busy eating to have any type of conversation. Maybe I can squeeze in a few words? HAPPY DANCE!

4.75 STARS笑
Our work group came to Phoenix for a business trip and we wanted a quick lunch so we thought we would try that Green Corner Restaurant. They were very highly rated and the experience lived up to the reviews! 

The six of us were stuffed and ordered a sampling of the menu. I had the Gyro, and others at the table had the salad, schwarma, and kebabs. All were exceptional and everyone was more than satisfied with the experience. One of our dishes came our a little late and they brought us complementary Bakliva at the end of the meal. Highly recommend to anyone in the are!!笑
This is the best restaurant that serves Shawarma. I think it is the best in AZ. They have nice place and friendly service.笑
Good middle eastern food. Friendly staff. Space inside the restaurant is a bit tight but doesn't deter from the great food. Thanks guy笑
We have visited this restaurant several times... everything is outstanding!! Chops, falafel, rice, etc. No way to go wrong with the menu. Service is also nice. Free dessert.笑
Was not impressed with the food at all  after all the great reviews I could hardly wait to eat the green corner combo plate. The salad had to much dressing on it the chicken was dry and the lamb meat didn't have any savory flavor to it at all. To me everything tasted the same. 
Yes it took at least 20 minutes to get the food and was happy to wait mainly because of the yelp reviews.
I just thought everything on the plate tasted the same. I needed a more savory, more appetizing flavor.笑
I appreciate how accommodating they are with substitutions. I asked for no rice and extra salad on my mixed schwarma plate and then veggies instead of pita. Super nice and the food is delicious too!! They deserve the high rating.笑
We absolutely love this place. Food is excellent, portions are generous, and staff is helpful and friendly.  It has become one of our staple "go to" places.笑
The girl who took our order was super sweet and friendly. I ordered the chicken shawarma. The flavor was good but the chicken was dry. My husband ordered the gyro plate which was tender and delicious. They even gave us complimentary baklava at the end of our meal which was the star of the show. Super delicious! We will be back but I'll stick to the lamb.笑
Wow, this place is soooooo good!! Fantastic Customer service and great food! I love coming in for dinner, the portions are huge and totally worth the money. Love coming here and enjoying their chicken kabob dinner. I opt for extra salad with no rice and it's perfect! Will keep coming back for sure!笑
As a middle eastern person I will give this restaurant a 1000 stars not just 5, because the quality and the real taste of the Arabian cuisine. My best restaurant in Arizona not just tempe or messa. Clean restaurant and nice patio if you want to eat outside. Super friendly stuff and I like when the owner takes your order, that shows that he care a lot about his costumer and his restaurant. I don't know why there is few people give lower stars maybe they are not used to a middle eastern food....What a great experience for me . i wish they open another one in Tempe.笑
If they had more than 5 stars to give I would give it

Food is awesome and you get a ton of it. I had the beef Sharma meal and i highly recommend it.笑
I can't praise this place highly enough.  My standards for Mediterranean food are very high, and Green Corner Restaurant met and surpassed them.  Oh. Em. Gee. The food is amazing.  For such a humble-looking little place, and the low prices, you wouldn't necessarily expect a lot, but the food quality is simply astonishing.  There were a few of us in our group last night, and we each ordered different things.  I tried a little of everything, and NOTHING was even slightly disappointing.  

I usually judge a Mediterranean food place by its falafel, since it's really hard to get that right.  Wow.  Green Corner knocked it out of the park.  Crispy on the outside, soft and crumbly on the inside, tasty but not too spicy...  This is a good sign.  And like I said, everything else was fantastic as well.

We will definitely be going back, and I'm telling all my friends.  I'm not usually one to be effusive about a restaurant, but this place is a gem.笑
Came here for lunch on a Sunday with my boyfriend. It is in a plaza with lots of parking and a Pokemon gym! We ordered the chicken entree plate and beef entree plate for $22. The customer service is super friendly and we didn't have to wait too long for it. The entree was generous so we had to ask for to-go boxes. The dishes come with pita bread which goes well with everything we ordered :) I personally like the chicken dish more than the beef, it was a bit crispy and not dry. The beef has a hint of flavor that I was unfamiliar with, but it wasn't bad but I prefer the chicken. Recommend eating here :)笑
Best Greek food in town. Everything on the combo plate was amazing.  Service was pleasant. This place is authentic.  I will definitely be back.笑
This place has been my weekly go-to joint since I started going a couple of months ago.  The salads are always fresh, crisp, with big chunky cucumbers and tomatoes, and just the right amount of dressing. The gyro meat is to DIE for. Literally, since I may soon explode from eating it en masse. The chicken schwarma is excellent too - but I normally feel like being a bad girl so I go for the gyro meat. The falafel is crisp on the outside, tender on the inside and is nutty and just exotically flavorful enough to make you want to slap your mamma. The owner and the chef here are sweethearts - I eat low carb and they accommodated my needs by replacing hummus and rice with the Greek salad for me every time I asked. I bring new people here each week, and every single person has LOVED this place. For a treat I will occasionally bring my family home the gyro platter. Who am I kidding. By the time it gets to our house, it's not so much gyro and much more platter. Their baklava is gorgeous - nutty, honeyed, and flaky. (Like many of my friends, come to think of it) Baklava is given away more often than not.  the hummus is SUBLIME - just a hint of garlic but mostly a rich nuttiness that makes you long for every next bite.

Do yourself a solid and come here. They are amazing. And the place is pristine - bathrooms are sparkling clean and I am a MAJOR germphobe. The fastest way to get me to run out of your place screaming is for me to see any hint of roachiness.

I heart Green Corner.笑
this place is seriously AMAZING! I have had the chicken shawarma and the veggie plate and they were both sooooo good! HUGE proportions and EXCELLENT service! I was introduced to this place by a co worker recently and I can't stop going back!笑
Just ate here for lunch. The food & service was great! I had the gyro plate & my co-worker had the beef shawarma plate. Portions were big, quality excellent and salads were fresh. Highly recommend. Great value.笑
Excellent food, I tried the falafel and beef shawerma and truly one of the best I've ever tried笑
Great customer service, lamb kofta, chicken schwarma, falafals, rice salad and hummus was delicious.笑
Delicious food, some of the best chicken kabobs I've ever had.  Great, welcoming service and we'll definitely be back!笑
Great food, fast service, and super nice staff. Huge portions at good prices. I've eaten TONS of mediterranean food, and Green Corner is very near the top of my list!笑
This place is legit. Best Mediterranean food hands down. First off, everyone is so pleasant and helpful. You can tell they really care for their business and it's guests who come in. The food is beyond amazing and so fresh. You fill up quickly because they are over generous with their portions but you just keep eating it's that good! It's very clean and welcoming each time you walk in. My boyfriend and I can't get enough of this place!!! You will not be disappointed!!!笑
With all the 5 star reviews and some from my favorite Yelpers, so I had to come try this place.  The place is in the middle of a large strip mall and can be missed.  It is locally owned and the staff is very very friend.  The place is very clean, slightly small dinning area.  I got the chicken shawerma plate (hummus, rice, and french fries).  I thought it came with pita bread or they forgot it?  The chicken was very flavorful!  The hummus, rice, and fries was very good too.  The amount of food was HUGE!  Can you actually share a plate so you have dessert.  This is a 4.5 star overall rating, because looking at the other pics they did forgot to give us pita bread.笑
Very delicious food.  Especially  chicken shawarma. And very nice stuff. My favorite restaurant in tempe笑
Amazing find!!! Reasonable prices for lots of flavor. Fries are cooked nice and crispy to perfection. Gyro meat was moist, tasty and well seasoned. Kabobs were well marinated an cooked perfectly. The staff was friendly and courteous. Complementary baklava, amazing flavor and crisp to it.  Will definitely come back for more, worth the 40 minute drive for sure. We had the Chicago gyro plate and the green corner combo, tons of food, definitely a big enough portion to share or just as left overs for lunch the next day.笑
Every so often in life we come across a food that reminds us why we even have taste buds. This place has some of the best Mediterranean food I've ever had. The food is seriously amazing, and the baklava is total perfection. The staff was extremely happy and helpful. The place was clean. The ambience was on point. Congrats on winning the food game.笑
Fantastic lunch spot! The plate portions are huge and the salad (included) is fresh. The salad is made with real greens and it's loaded with large pieces of cucumber, tomato and bell pepper. The humus and baba ganoush are delicious as well. Try the kifta, you won't be disappointed. If you're lucky, they might drop off a free slice of the baklava for dessert.

I have taken both white collar and blue collar associates here and everyone loves it.

Try it!笑
Drove 10 miles to try it out just based on their yelp reviews. Have to say they DID NOT disappoint. The food was fairly priced and good. The service is too notch ! And we even got free dessert which is AMAZING! The place is clean with easy access if coming from somewhere other than Mesa. I don't usually write reviews unless they are deserved!笑
So many good things to say about this place.  I've been several times and it never fails to impress me.  Staff is excellent - friendly, grateful, attentive, fast.  It's an order a the counter type of joint, so very casual but top notch. Food is amazing. Huge portions.  The gyro meat is insanely good.  My fave is the shawarma chicken and shawarma beef plate (ask them for half and half, they'll do it).  I've taken out of towners here twice, and everyone has raved about one thing or another (garlic sauce, hummus, meats, etc).  An absolute must try if you are in the area.笑
Excellent service and the food was very good
I don't live in AZ, but if I did I would be a regular 
The girls working there are super nice and helped
decide what was ok to eat since I have dietary 
restrictions笑
Wow. Fantastic food, perfect falafel, hummus.  You may want to share a plate, really good portion size.笑
The food and service was exceptional!  Best hummus I've had.  Good quality ingredients.笑
We are here last night. What a great meal. Best I ever had. Lamb kabob came with 3 optional sides. We chose tabouli, hummus and baba ganoush. All the food is made from scratch on site by the staff who served you. Real treat.笑
This is the best Mediterranean food I have EVER eaten. Short wait times, clean, friendly staff. I will come back to eat here again. Go for the Green Corner Combo its like $14 and so worth it!笑
The gyros here are fantastic! The customer service is always excellent and the atmosphere is very laid back. I would definitely recommend giving this place a try.笑
Great food and friendly staff! The meat was tender and food flavorful. Complimentary baklava was a fun surprise and tasty! Love the freshness of the food.笑
Finally stopped by this place for lunch .. wow! Yummy and a huge portion! 

I had the chicken kabobs, flavorful, big portion, rice was ok compared to the flavor of everything else.. the hummus was especially good with the pita bread, good salad (perfect amount of dressing)..  This could be split into two meals or ask for a Togo box.. 

Place was busy for 2:00 after the lunch crowd.. 

You can't see this place off the street, it's next to the Big Lots.. will definitely be back .. thanks yelpers for another good food find!笑
I used to work down the street from here. This place is awesome. The gyros come loaded with meat and are delicious. I usually order the Greek salad and gyro meat, they don't skimp on any of the portions. Love this place.笑
I suppose 5 stars is getting boring by now, but there's nothing higher to select. The food alone deserves it. But the friendly people and excellent service are also wonderful. This is a very casual atmosphere with 5-star food! Have you been on Check Please yet? If I were an interior designer, I would offer my services for free. I would do something with the walls to paint some greenery on them or put hanging plants around the room. Then cover the tables with lovely green and white print table cloths with glass covers for that touch of class that this restaurant deserves! But what do I know? The patio is lovely and the sun screens were a great idea for this intense Arizona sun. I would love to see this restaurant succeed in a big way! Dinner was superb this evening! Best to you from a totally unknown fan!笑
I highly recommend trying this place! I have gone multiple times and loved it. The food is very good and the people working there are extremely nice! The best Mediterranean food I have had in a long time.笑
I met my wife here for a mid week lunch date. They have a pretty large patio area and plenty of seating inside as well. The restaurant is clean and fresh. The two guys behind the counter were very nice, got on my order right away, and had it ready within a few minutes. 

The portions are good sized and the food is tasty. If you're in the area, this place won't disappoint.笑
One of my top 5 meals in Phoenix.  Love the mix shawarma plate.  Salad and hummus are also fantastic.  Recommend the Baklava as well.笑
Excellent food, huge portions and the staff was really nice. They even gave me dessert on the house. I would come back again.笑
I'm so happy I found this place! Staff was extremely friendly and welcoming right off the bat. The food was phenomenal and portion size was a lot considering how affordable it is, I had the Lamb Kafta Kabob. The hummus that came on the plate was one of the best I've ever had and they even gave me a free baklava dessert (I let them know it was my first time in)! Amazing service and quality food, I'll keep this as my #1 Mediterranean food spot!笑
This is my go-to local Mediterranean/Middle Eastern eatery. The windows covered in advertisements of various menu items and the location next to several currently vacant storefronts may be slightly off-putting, but the staff is very friendly and the restaurant itself is well-kept. 

I've tried the falafel sandwich, gyro sandwich, and the vegetarian plate, all of which were good. I especially like their stuffed grape leaves (dolmas). If you order one of their plates (which are an impressive amount of food), they are very flexible and allow you to substitute anything you don't want for something else. On top of all that, complementary baklava is served along with most orders!笑
Excellent! We are always searching for a new, local spot with awesome food. I wish we would have come here sooner! Portion size was excellent and all of the food was fresh and flavorful. The staff was very friendly and even brought us baklava for dessert. We will definitely be back and hopefully become regulars!笑
So this is a bit overdue, but better late than never. ;-) 

This little place is tucked away in a HUGE strip mall type location, but DO NOT let that fool you on bit! The inside of the restaurant is super clean and has a patio, so there is plenty of room for several guests. The decor is bare, however I love that the restaurant and restrooms were so clean. You could also see into the kitchen and Ive gone a few times at about 1:30 (after lunch rush) and it was still CLEAN. 

The service was very nice, I'd really give 4.5 stars if I could but they are more deserving of  5 than 4. It is counter service (reason for my 4.5 ) but they were VERY polite and timely. The first time I came here I let them know and they were super helpful. 

I had the Hummos and the texture was smooth and on point. It's served with a little well of olive oil that makes me really really happy and lots of warm pita. I also tried the greek salad and the dressing was very tasty and well seasoned. The veggies were all cruchy and fresh, lots of cucumber, tomato, green bell pepper, red onion and kalamata olives. The star of the show was the Shawarma. Holy cow was it so well seasoned, not dry at all and very delish. This place is a fantastic value for what you pay; the servings are very generous. Finally, they gave me some dessert to try on the house and it was so darn good. It was a great investment as I stop there for baklava every time I remember...haha

Def give them a try if you are in the area!笑
We found the Green Corner to be delicious!  We four each ordered a meal, which we didn't need to do because one meal would have fed both children easily.  The portions were large, and the food was delicious.  What I ordered takes a bit of time to prepare and the young lady at the counter was quick to let me know.  

We look forward to going back to try some different menu items.  

(I will say that I see another review mentioning 'complimentary baklava' and we were not offered/provided any baklava.  I'm not sure we could have eaten it if we had - we were stuffed after the meal.)笑
Wow! What more can I say! The Chicken Swarma was the best! Had baba ganoush, tab oil and hummus. All excellent. The staff must of been watching because when the pita bread ran out, they came over with another plate of pita. They also gave us complimentary baklava. So nice! Definitely going back.笑
Second visit. We ordered the chicken shawarma plate and the chicken kabob plate.  The flavors are so good.  Everything is fresh.  They make it to order, so it took about 15 minutes, but well worth the wait. The first time we went, the pita bread was just ok.  Today, the bread had been grilled, and the edges were crispy.  What a difference!   We loved it.  The portions are very large, and we took about half the food home. The same guy took our order both times we've visited, and he is incredibly polite.  Just very likable. This time, they brought us baklava at the end of our meal.  We didn't order it, so I think they might have added this as a nice touch at the end of dine-in meals.  The restaurant is very clean, but the ambience is a bit stark.  Maybe some plants or those strings of lights with the large bulbs, or something else (?) would make it more inviting. That aside, the food is wonderful.  :)笑
Wonderfully cooked & flavored foods

We eat this types of food often because it is healthy - grilled meats, salads, beans, etc.

We got a gyro plate and a chicken thigh plate, no rice but extra salad instead.  

The chicken was very moist with nice flavors.  The gyro was cooked well with a nice flavor.  Neither were under or over spiced but a nice flavor throughout the meat without being overbearing.

I loved that the dressing was not drowning the salad but just enough for good flavoring.  If you like more I am sure they would give you some more.  The hummus had a great flavor, a little different than typical hummus in taste and texture which was nice.  The kind you want the recipe so you could make it at home.

They included mayo with the gyro and tzatziki with the chicken.  Now we know, we would get 
tzatziki with a gyro also.  

The only item not outstanding was the baklava.  It was kind of ordinary after all the other food that was outstanding.

We will definitely  be back.笑
We actually visited this place specifically because it had a good Yelp review and we were craving Gyros. We were absolutely blown away by the friendliness of the staff. The food was cooked to order. It was piping hot and so flavorful. They even gave us baklava after we finished our meals.

I think that I had the chicken schwarma meal and I would highly recommend it. It was enough for 2 meals though. I had to get a to go box because it was just too much food to eat all at once. The hummus is delicious too.

My family will definitely be back here again.

If you like gyros and schwarma, this is a must go place.笑
From walking up to the building you could just smell the food and immediately i began to salivate. Opening the door then increased said salivation. I ordered a gyro plate and everything was more than expected. Food came out quickly, tasted great, and the service was awesome! The portions were rather large as well, definitely a good bang for you buck. 

I will be back!笑
After reading the reviews online, some friends and I decided to check this place out.
We ordered the Gyro combo which comes with fries and a drink for around $7-$8, and a large portion of hummus.

The service was so great, everyone from the cashier to the cook. 
They were smiling and very pleasant to talk with.

Our hummus came out first and "oh my good gravy", it was fantastic.

The zesty lemon flavor along with the oil and spices that surrounded the chickpeas were wonderfully complimentary to the pita bread (which was refilled upon our request).

Our Gyro combos were quickly delivered to our table, each perfectly made with a special request (no tomatoes, extra sauce, etc.).
Everything from the complex ingredients in the gyro to the lightly crisped french fries tasted excellent.

I gotta say, I've been to a few Gyro joints in the area and they truly do not compare.

The amazing portions, the robust flavors, and the personal customer focus are more than enough of a reason to make this place a go-to for fast, friendly, and delightful food.

(Side note: Thank you for the delicious baklava that was brought at the end of our meal)笑
Decided to check them out for Father's Day lunch, since my dad loves Mediterranean food. Great portion sizes and combinations (for example, you can get combo items here that include hummus and tabbouleh, which isn't necessarily the norm at Middle Eastern /  Mediterranean restaurants). Our family of four got plenty of pita bread to share with our combos, the dishes were flavorful, and, like a few of the other reviews mentioned, they even came by and gave us a few slices of baklava on the house. Not sure if they only do that for groups, or for certain occasions, but it was a very simple gesture that left a great impression. My dad, who loves great deals as much as he loves great food, was so happy with all of this that he went up to the counter after the meal and waited for someone to walk by so he could tell them that "everything was great!" We'll definitely be back.笑
In an area that is a Mecca for processed franchise places to eat the Green Corner is an oasis of halal food. Portions are large, the staff is friendly and the price is right. I had the Green Corner plate combo that is a variety of meats on kabobs served over rice with a fresh green salad on the side. At $12.95 the combo plate is an excellent value especially if you bring a big appetite. If you know Halal Guys, the Green Corner is a close match.笑
I will be back here again and again. You know it's good when you wake up the next morning and you start thinking about the food you had the day before. Before I even had my morning coffee I was in the refrigerator and had some of my leftover gyro meat and hummus and pita bread. Mmmmmmmm. 
I had the hummus plate with gyro meat. OMG, the gyro meat was some of the best I've ever had. Perfectly seasoned and just melted in my mouth. 
My husband got the kifta, which comes with rice, a Mediterranean salad and hummus and pita bread. The kifta was delicious and perfectly seasoned. 
Portions are very generous and prices are inexpensive.
Service was over the top. Everyone was very pleasant and helpful. I have to put a shout out to the person that took our order. His name was Ash(sp?), he said his uncle owns the restaurant. He made our visit there even more special. You just don't find employees like him that go above and beyond the way he did. He checked in on us several times while we were eating to make sure everything was okay and if we needed anything. He even gave us a sample of the baklava to try. :) 
We will definitely be back again. Can't wait!!笑
First time leaving a review for a place, but the green corner is so good it'd be selfish not to share. Moved back to Arizona from Long Island NY recently. This place is the best Mediterranean food anywhere, not just Phoenix.笑
My best friend and I came here for lunch and the food came out so fast! The workers are so nice. Even gave us a sample of Bahklava and it was so good I bought more.