CONDENSED IN A SOUP CAN:  Fine dining masterpieces without all the froo-froo.  A few glaring errors, but definitely worth the trip.

THE MEAT: When I first saw how pretty the plates were on Yelp, I kept thinking I was going to get something different.  But I was pleasantly surprised to see such artistry served in this low key restaurant (where orders are placed at the counter).  I almost did not want to disturb the beautiful food on our plates.  The good news is that the gnocchi and the pappardelle pasta were light and heavenly, and the special of the day Pan-Seared Scallops were DIVINE.  Seriously one of the best quality and executions I've had incorporating truffle oil cauliflower mash, tomatoes, mushrooms, pickled radish, squash chips, edible flowers and microgreens into one harmonious plate.  And it only costs $12!!!!!!!!  These guys know how to treat their ingredients and customers right (and are creative geniuses!).

And now for the not so fantastic items.  This place is too generous with their olive oil (from the focaccia bread to the pasta)... you end up with a small pool in your bowl that can cook a whole new order of pasta.  Even their Carbonara pasta was not creamy at all, but rather swimming in oil.  Maybe they forgot the eggs?  Although pleasant, this dish was definitely perplexing.  My advice - if you don't want to leave with an uncomfortable feeling of cloy in your throat/system, I would suggest adding a tomato based pasta in your lineup (the other tables had them with melted cheese on top and they looked great)... or a salad... or lemonade.  Or request them to go easy on the oil.  They don't have lasagna on their regular menu, so I hope to try this one of these days, and for the carb conscious folks, they normally have 1 or 2 dishes on their secret menu based on the now trendy Paleo diet.

Bring your kids or your hot date here, I'm sure they'll have something to impress everyone.

I'M STILL DIGESTING... all the olive oil!!!!!!  I wanted a to-go bottle.

WANT TO SEE SOME FOOD PORN? :-) http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/pasta-fresh-las-vegas?select=Zs4q6ZX3VGvweIaAL-QK4A#PiqI_2wpTZXVy5TqWlgTZw笑
Save your money.  Salad greens were old with some rotten leaves.  My friend got the baby Caesar and it was made with iceberg lettuce and tasteless dressing.  The marinara sause was salty.  Meatballs were tiny tiny which was fine because they were not worth the calories.  The pasta was less than tasty.  The service was very good.  I was hoping this would be a good neighborhood restaurant to frequent but I'll have to keep looking.  Sorry guys, you failed to deliver.笑
Decent place and worth checking out. The mac and cheese is nothing spacial, but definitely fresh and made with quality ingredients. Garlic knots lacked flavor I'd expect, but the red sauce made up for it. The free macaron for my check definitely topped off the meal!笑
Fabulous. Love the fresh salads. Love the homemade pasta. Love the homemade sauces. Love the fresh cheese. Love the chef and staff. The customer service was absolutely fantastic. Amazing all around! I Love this place. I will be back over and over again. Great recommendation by three of my friends.笑
I have to say I am impressed. The food is so fresh and cooked perfectly. I am a fan and for all you That work out hard, Wes the owner knows how to feed the Paleo meals that want you to keep stixking to this diet! Great job Fresh Pasta team!笑
They have no idea what pasta is. The girl that took my order made 5 mistakes in one simple order! After 10 minutes trying to correct the confusion, one order still came wrong. my prediction is that this place will end up closing the doors for business in the near future.笑
First visit last night,I really wanted to love it .I didn't love it,  actually I thought it was awful and sent back the entire dish. Staff was adequate,didnt really seem to care that we sent back two pasta dishes with one bite taken out of each. I ordered pesto with broccoli and mushrooms,the dish came out with what I can only describe as a thick dark coating,it was way to thick to be called a sauce and certainly didn't taste like pesto. I wont be going back.笑
Honestly, I've never had better pasta, anywhere. Pasta Fresh is literally that, as they make it right there in front of you. I had never had freshly made pasta before, and at first, I didn't think there would be much of a taste difference between freshly made and previously made pasta, but WOW was I wrong! 

Main takeaway: Amazingly fresh, gourmet italian food at bargain prices.

My wife and I shared the Macaroni & Cheese and the Thai Salad; and we each ordered our own pasta creation. You don't really expect too much from Mac n Cheese these days, and I like to pride myself on an amazing recipe of my own (w bacon, and heavy cream - you get the idea), but we were blown away at the quality and the taste of theirs! Humbly speaking: it's actually better than mine... (but this is the only forum I'll admit to that!)

The Thai Salad was fantastic! So fresh and tasty. I was actually surprised by both the presentation as well as the taste. This is definitely on the lighter side for those of us on a diet, but who also demand great taste and quality. Definitely add the chicken for a more complete meal.

I had the Paperdelle in Alfredo, with Bocconcini (fresh mozzarella), Chicken, and Caramelized Onions. Holy Sh.... This was definitely an eye opener for me. From now on, it's going to be hard for me to order the usual pasta dishes from the Olive Garden, Bertolini's, and Bucca Di Beppo. I'm sold on the taste of fresh pasta. There's nothing like it. 

I'm ecstatic this place just opened up around the corner from me. Every time I am feeling like Italian (or craving some superior Mac n cheese), you bet your a** I'm coming back to Pasta Fresh.笑
absolutely amazing. my husband and i love this place. you can watch the pasta being made, which is awesome! its so good! everything is so fresh. i love the house salad and the thai salad. i am a huge fan of thai anything and the salad is delicious. perfect portions of food as well. please dont forget to try the macaroons. they are decadent! 100 percent 5 stars in my book!笑
I'll get this out of the way first. I did not love the carbonara sauce. It just wasn't the creamy carbonara I was expecting. But after evaluating the quality of the meal overall, I'm happy to give up the five stars.

Pasta Fresh is aptly named. Their open kitchen design allows you to watch everything that goes on and you can see the owner and chef rolling your pasta, well, fresh. The basis of their menu appears to be the build-your-own pasta deal. Pick your pasta, a sauce, a cheese, and your toppings. For my first time, I decided to go that route.

You don't see pappardelle on menus too often, so I went with that along with the carbonara (sauce), bocconcini (cheese), and spinach and roasted garlic (toppings). The pappardelle was incredible. It definitely made a difference that it was made fresh. In a way, having a lighter sauce helped me fully appreciate the delicate nature of the pasta.

I also tried my friends' dishes. One had spinach ravioli in marinara sauce with zucchini and mushrooms. The other had rigatoni in pesto sauce. Both were tasty, but I especially enjoyed the marinara sauce. I ended up getting some pappardelle with marinara sauce to go for the girlfriend.

With fresh pasta and fresh ingredients, you get a gourmet meal at reasonable prices. A good deal is the meal for two. For $19.99, you get two build-your-own pasta bowls and a choice of macarons or garlic knots. We got to try both and they get the thumbs up from me. As someone who doesn't even like macarons, it says a lot that I loved their salted caramel.

EDIT: Now that I've gobbled up my leftovers from last night (the word pappardelle comes from pappare which means to gobble up), Pasta Fresh most definitely deserves five stars. I'm still reeling from the absolute deliciousness.笑
After reading all the reviews for this place, I was so excited to try it. I love me some pasta! And there was a check-in deal for a free macaroon. Unfortunately, I felt a bit disappointed. Me and the bf drop by around 3:30pm on a Sunday, and there's only one other party in there. We decide on the pesto steak rigatoni and the sausage with the tomato based sauce (the pictures on the menu) with some garlic knots and top it off with the pistachio macaroon.

Waited about 10 minutes, the two pasta dishes came out. Looked pretty good. The sausage dish was pretty good, but the sauce did not seem fresh. It seemed like a store bought tomato sauce with a little extra. And the pesto rigatoni was alright. Now, I am not saying either dishes were bad at all, they were decent, but in the end, you are still paying about $13 per plate for a quick pasta lunch. The idea of the build-your-own pasta its kinda nice though.

We didn't get our garlic knots with the pasta, or before the pasta which seemed like the right order. When we were almost done with the pasta, we asked about the knots and was informed they burned the first batch and will bring it out soon. Even my macaroon was out before that. The knots were pretty good though.

The macaroon, however, made me very sad. It was a dinky little thing, about the size of a quarter. They just brought them out of the fridge, and when I tried to bite it, it was pretty hard, as in been sitting around in the fridge a little while. I didn't eat it.

In conclusion, not a bad place, but definitely not great. With so many awesome dining options in Vegas, especially in this area so convenient to me, I probably won't be back. I was hoping it could be my new go-to for my pasta fix. Oh well. But the bf kinda liked the place.笑
We were welcomed right away. The staff here is amazing. The customer service is 5 star. 
I wanted to really enjoy the food. Sadly I did not. I tried the rigatoni with Marina sauce. When it comes to sauce I am beyond picky. A sauce snob if you will. I grew with sauce, or gravy. 
This sauce tasted like pizza sauce. Not sauce meant for pasta. I could not eat most of the meal. 
The rigatoni was fresh, however a little to al dente. 
My husband had the tagliatelle with pesto. He enjoyed his meal. Although I felt his pasta was too clumped together. 
The dough of the garlic knots had no flavor. 
I like the concept, the place is very clean, nicely decorated. The prices very affordable.
I would be hesitant to try again.笑
We love this place. Very clean, excellent customer service and most importantly, the food is amazing. They make their own delicious pasta, cheese and sauces, all of their ingredients are fresh (hence the name of the place) and the macaroons are to die for. We will definitely be back.笑
My favorite new place in vegas...affordable, amazing quality, fresh ingredients, consistant and always friendly similar to that of a neighborhood restaurant that offers true effort in caring for their customers....I give it two thumbs up and will ve frequenting this lication regularly.笑
I decided to check out this place since I noticed it popped up on my near-by restaurants just recently. Apparently this place has been open for 6 weeks now. This place might be a bit hard to find if youre not in this plaza a lot. It's right across the Chuck E Cheese to the corner a bit. When I first walked in, it seriously felt like a sauna! That's probably because they have an open kitchen with all the gadgets going off. It's a very clean restaurant with nice decor. This place could definitely be a romantic spot and also a family spot. They have meals for two and family meals. I got the Rigatoni Alfredo with chicken, mushrooms, and parmesan. I wished they'd give you at least 1 topping for free. They charge you for everything, which is a downside for me. I loooved that the chicken was hand-shredded rather than cut with a knife, like plenty of other places. I also got the garlic knots which tasted a bit off to me.. I just know i won't be ordering them again since they're crusty and too over-seasoned. Yelp also gives you a free macaron and i got the caramel apple. It was sooo good! That was probably the best part of the meal for me. I'm a regular at Mac Shack and this place will most likely replace it!笑
Our friend suggested we check this place out as it had opened not too long ago.  Even though I was trying to lay off carbs, he made it sound amazing & since he's a cook, I trust him!  It was pretty empty when we got there, but as it was new I figured not many people had heard about it yet.  

The macaroons were fantastic (I liked the pumpkin the best).  We had chicken pesto rigatoni and Steak in the Grass, which was quite honestly one of the best things I've ever had! I had no idea what garlic chips were before this and they are amazing!  I also love that they grow their own sprouts in house and they locally source pretty much everything they serve there.  

I see that they've updated the menu and now have paleo options so I will have to make a trip up there again to check it out.笑
I had this place bookmarked for a long time and finally got around too checking it out. What I found was a great spot that serves affordable fresh pasta dishes, great service, and nice ambience. If you ever need too carb load before race day Pasta Fresh is solid choice.

I was thinking about doing build your own pasta. The regular pasta dishes caught me attention with interesting combinations and sounded really good. I settle on the East Meets West pasta dish and for my appetizer went with the garlic knots (had too with all the yelp buzz about it). The garlic knots have nothing but more praise on top of all the other yelp compliments. I have had my share of bad ones. The thing that really stands out for me at Pasta Fresh. You can tell the knots were made fresh as soon as you order them. Not overpowering the amount of fresh garlic or overall garlic flavor. It moist, steaming hot in the inside, and the marinara sauce dip it in is solid. Just wish had more but then never would have finish my meal. All your orders comes with bread plate. Caught me by surprise not only bread presentation something see upscale restaurant but the three different spreads (rosemary butter, olive oil, and whipped butter). The pasta dish loved everything about it. I loved the fact not skimpy on portion size from the pasta, protein (in this dish orange beef),  and the vegetables. Yet not over the top that lose the quality of the sauce or the ingredients. The fresh pappardelle was awesome. The orange beef was cooked perfectly, nice subtle orange, and sesame seeds rounded it off well. The sauce more light creamy sauce but one with the roasted peppers, jalapeno, and grilled broccoli. Not only made the pasta dish more hearty but each ingredient brought something too the dish. East Meets West is one dish that would highly recommend! 

The only thing about Pasta Fresh is you might need little patience comes too getting your food. The process making any one of the pasta dishes takes time. My garlic knots my server telling making it fresh so takes  time (but she great making sure know its coming and apologize for the wait). It open kitchen so could see one of the cooks rolling the dough out and cutting each sheet too order that going out. Time consuming but so worth the wait. Open kitchen makes for self entertainment especially if dining alone. They have long bar table that perfect bird eye view too everything that going on in the kitchen. 

The prices are reasonable. It not cheap Olive Garden pasta but upscale pasta with lot of great options. Not overpriced that you would get on the strip and looking for great place take family out pasta night Pasta Fresh is great option. One that I know will come by for any carb loading day.笑
Best pasta in town :) Soooo depressed about this place closing. That location must've just been no good because seriously some of the best food I've had in Las Vegas hands down. I hope they try again somewhere else.笑
I've been here twice already and the food is great ! Between school and work I need a quick bite to eat and I get the lunch special. Great deal, $6.99 for chose your own pasta, bread, & soup or salad. I love that they have whole wheat pasta as an option ! Definitely try it if you haven't yet, they have something for everyone !笑
First actual review on yelp! I've only been in once, only reason for the missing star. Not sure of the name of the cashier, but very friendly and helpful. She made a point to explain the different ways to get discounts on meals (yelp is one of them)! Asked for a build your own pasta w/ ravioli, carbonara, and ricotta. So awesome! The cheese was as fresh as the pasta was! I'll be going back again, and again!笑
I have actually been twice now and been pleased both times.  

This place is very casual and relaxed.  Great spot for kids and families.  

As the name states, the pasta is indeed fresh! Delightfully chewy. Both the carbonara and the bolognese were delicious. We were also quite pleased with the apple salad and garlic knots. They offer a lunch special with pasta and salad  for around $12 - it's enough for 2 meals. 

I also sampled the braised kale with apple compote. A healthy low carb and unique dish. The menu boasts lots of gluten free copies. They offer all of the pastas whole wheat too. Nice! 

They were out if macaroons on both of my visits. The menu posted on the wall isn't applicable anymore. There does seem to be a little bit of a disconnect and some growing pains. You can sit and be served. There is also a counter/window to order to go. Regardless, food was good and prices are fair. 

I'll go back. Very good pasta you can enjoy in your yoga pants with your antsy toddler. A win!笑
This place is awesome, I got the lunch special, rigatoni style noodles, marinara sauce, with bell peppers, Italian sausage, and meatballs, parmesan and mozzarella cheese. It comes with a lemon vinaigrette salad which I really liked. I would highly recommend giving this place a shot, seating is limited. I will definitely be coming here again. The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars are the meatballs were sad, they we small on not very tasty. I was expecting real italian meatballs and not chef boyardi meatballs.笑
My daughter told me about this place. Location in this restaurant is kind of hidden.  Inside is clean and she was right about the good food in this place.  The name of the restaurant fit the pasta they serve.  Pasta is fresh.  I haven't had fresh pasta in a long time and I'm so glad my daughter found this place.  Can't remember the name of the cream sauce but that is my favorite with penne.   I will definetly come back here again.笑
We had a groupon so we got a good deal.  However without the groupon our bill would have been close to $50, which is crazy for a place like this.  Food was good, we got the arugula salad which was amazing!  I got the chicken fettuccini, flavor was great but the noodles were hard, very over cooked.  The boyfriend got the spicy mariana with shrimp, it was delicious!  If it weren't for the high prices we would be regulars.笑
Yummy yummy. So many choices. My girlfriend and I tried the family groupon. Came with salad, garlic knots and a large pasta bowl. Beginning to end the food was great. The service needs some work. Small place so service looked bored. Will try take out to see if food is still good.笑
IMPORTANT: Gluten sensitive, NOT gluten-free! 

FOOD: I like that you can build your own pasta and that the pasta is made from scratch, which makes it unique from other pasta restaurants. Disappointed that the ravioli and Alfredo are not gluten free. I got the gluten free tagliatelle with marinara sauce and peppers, mozzarella cheese, mushrooms, and caramelized onions. Marinara sauce was too salty, which overpowered the flavors of the vegetables. Delicious mozzarella cheese but they put too much on top. The gluten free pasta was good, but a little grainy. I would recommend to go easy on the seasoning of the marinara sauce and the cheese as well as improve the recipe for their gluten free pasta. I got the pumpkin pecan macarons which was delicious and soft, but the presentation was lacking.

STAFF: Overall, the staff was very nice and welcoming. I have Celiac, so I was excited to see that they offered gluten free pasta. However, the cashier/server immediately pointed out that they do not guarantee 100%  gluten free because their kitchen is not gluten free. This was definitely disappointing, but I ordered anyway. Originally, I ordered alfredo. However, later on, when I sat at the table, the server informed me that the Alfredo was not gluten free so I had to get the marinara sauce. I appreciate the accommodation, but I still feel like they need a little bit more education on gluten intolerance and sensitivity.

DECOR: Clean and organized well. Seating for people 2 through 6, but can easily be accommodated for larger parties.笑
there are no words to describe the amazingness that is pasta fresh . i got the classic chef's pick and added roasted garlic...uuuhhhmmaazziinngg 
i could eat a different pasta here everyday笑
LOVE LOVE LOVE this place! Fresh ingredients and FLAVORFUL food!! I love the build your own pasta - the marinara sauce is awesome! I just tried the roasted pork which tastes AMAZING! This definitely my go to pasta take out. The build your own pasta offers a generous portion, I always order the kid's bowl. The staff is also very friendly! :)笑
Although PASTA FRESH has indeed closed their doors, this review is about the replacement business called "BITE," scheduled to open up on Saturday, October 4, 2014.

This is the new location for the Sun City Café. which has definitely EARNED the above 5-star rating.

Stop by on or after that date, and check out the new tenants.  You'll be very glad that you did!笑
Thank you Chef Wes, Tyler, Nicole and Heather!! Very yummy dishes. Oooooh boy!!!!! Chef Wes is superb.  He made something very yummy for a special birthday.  Pasta Fresh is a fast food place, but unlike any other! Their concept is extreme freshness with their ingredients, they have green house-like herb cabinetry with mini basil growing!  There is no way that this fast food restaurant takes any kind of shortcuts. NO grease, NO mess, NO guilt.  Extremely pleasurable and like other reviewers your pasta is made from scratch and prepared before you that you can see with the clear glass kitchen.  Another great independent business with my 100% support! I almost forgot the atmosphere is gorgeous. You must dine here!  :)笑
Big bang for your buck...really tasty food!

I love the build you own pasta bowl...I had their parsnip soup too and it was amazing!笑
Absolutely one of the best pasta dishes I have eaten. Fresh pasta made right in front of you, tasted like a dish from a top restaurant for under $10 !  Hot, fresher than fresh, great serving size just Go Go Go !! Good job my gym is across the road from pasta fresh cause I got a feeling I will be a regular at this place !!笑
Great new place that is located on the west side of town in the Flamingo & Grand Canyon shopping center. It is located on the same building as Tropical Smoothie

Came here on a saturday for brunch. Didn't find out they didn't open till 12pm =X MAN ! im hungry ! We got there at like 11ish =[ sad face

ANYWAY

We were seated after we came back after 12. Doriee and I both had gotten the Lunch Special which was a soup/salad + made your own pasta for $8.99. FREE MACARON WITH YELP CHECK IN ! (which they didnt have so gave us a lemon cake instead)

I had gotten a baby caesar salad, taggliatelli w/ a spicy (medium - 7) pesto with mushrooms. Doriee had gotten the mixed green salad, Gluten-free spaghetti with a spicy romesco (roasted bell pepper and jalepeno) sauce with mushrooms. 

Salads are salads. Small portioned salad. Fresh SHAVED Parmesan cheese on top (yum) 

We had ordered a side of garlic knots as well. Saw the chef make them upon order and bake them. 

Garlic Knots (with a side of marinara) - 

first of all, their pasta is made fresh ! open kitchen style so you see the chef running the pasta dough through a HAND-CRANKED pasta machine

Taggliatelli ("thin" flat ribbon noodle) was freshly made and cooked. Pesto sauce was a little darker than i had expected of a fresh pesto sauce. more towards the brown side. Lots of mushrooms though it was a bit more diced than i had expected. Surprisingly, the "medium" spice level was pretty spicy. Even for me. Didn't think they would make it that spicy o.O it was good XD though overall, it was a bit rich/too creamy. Pasta was cooked well. Good degree of bite

Spaghetti (gluten free, with no wheat, eggs, or lactose apparently). Very, uhm... broken strands of spaghetti. A lot of noodles were maybe a length of 2" or so. Not sure if its because of the lack of the previous listed ingredients that caused that or what it was. It was our first time experiencing gluten free pasta. The sauce, was very, creamy. Wasn't expecting it to have so much sauce. Thought maybe it was more along the lines of how the pesto was. Enough to cover the pasta but not create a pool of sauce. Spicy as well. Hint of jalepeno flavor. 

Garlic Knots - Freshly made. Crispy exterior, super soft interior. Could use more garlic flavor (mmm love garlic !!!!). marinara was, like any other marinara. fresh and bright. 

Like i had mentioned before, they didnt have any macarons so they opt'ed to give us a lemon cake instead. Cute little serving, with a blueberry sauce. Not too sweet. Really good ! 

Overall - pretty good. love fresh pasta. Great lunch pricing. Enough food to even feed a big eater like me. Would love to come back to try others =] 

Side Note - They also have a Paleo menu in the back. Didn't really look at it but looked pretty extensive !笑
Today I visited this relatively new restaurant for lunch.  I work out of my home and usually eat lunch at home but I did some business at the local bank and decided to pull in for lunch.  They have a lunch special for $6.99 that lets you pick your pasta, a salad and a piece of foccacia bread.  Adding the fountain drink made it $10 bucks and some change.  The "cashier" brought my salad out promptly.  My fresh made pasta came out about 4.35 minutes later.  Perfect.

They have created a nice brand.  Since I am a graphic design I must like the logo or I will not set foot in the place.  They have some other discreet features that really make it a cool little joint.  They grow their own herbs and display them in a counter.  They play some indy rock that is not too overbearing.   They have a wonderful large format arty photograph on the main wall.  I have seen this place jam at night.  Be a great place to bring a date.

All that being said, the salad, the pasta and the bread were delish.  I would highly recommend the experience.笑
Wow this place was amazing!  Three words: FRESH PASTA and MACARONS!!  

My boyfriend and I decided to drop in as we are looking for more local restaurants.  We were very pleasantly surprised.  First off they make fresh pasta!! I was so excited as not many places actually do.  Their menu is straight forward (and yes similar to Mac Shack but infinitely better).  We got the House Salad (arugula, radish, shaved apple, candied walnuts, pecorino (cheese), and honey vinaigrette) and Meal for Two which is 2 build your own pasta bowls with two toppings and garlic knots or macarons.  We chose the garlic knots (which are fresh baked in front of you and delicious).

The house salad was perfect.  Great presentation and the right balance of sweet with the apples and honey vinaigrette and spicy of the arugula.  We cleaned our plate in seconds.

The pasta dishes also had great presentation with great taste.  Good ingredients and good ratio of pasta to sauce and ingredients.

We also ended up trying the Pumpkin macarons.  Wow they were incredible! Amazing texture and taste.  This is dangerous to have so close, I will have to watch my waistline!

Overall Pasta Fresh way exceeded my expectations. The staff was super friendly and the service was great. I will be adding this place to our regular rotation and recommending it to all my friends!笑
This place has so much to offer! My boyfriend and I go here at least every other week. Everything is fresh, delicious, and you can taste the difference! The lunch special is super affordable and comes with bread and soup or salad. The staff is very friendly and always makes an extra effort to talk to us and cater to us. Come here for the shrimp Alfredo and I'm sure you'll come back for more!笑
I have to say I am impressed with this place. 

We arrived around 1pm on a Saturday and they weren't busy at all. You walk in and order at the counter. Since I had a Groupon, I opted for the family pasta meal, which included any pasta of your choice with choice of sauce, two toppings and cheese. We opted for the ravioli with broccoli, tomato and ricotta with marinara sauce. The meal also included house salad and garlic knots. 

Our salad came out first and it was amazing. This was the highlight of the meal. It was really nicely plated and at first we couldn't tell what the ingredients were as an apple ribbon was wrapped around the arugula. The dressing was very light and incredibly flavorful, all the flavors worked very well together and the portion was incredibly generous. I have never been so impressed with a basic house salad before. The garlic knots arrived very soon after our salad and they paired nicely. Warm and fresh, these were delightful. The ravioli arrived last and was really nice. Not as cheesy as I'm used to in a ravioli, but I liked that they were stuffed with so much fresh spinach. 

Their menu is quite extensive and there were quite a number of other menu items that caught my eye for my next visit. Looking forward to trying more of their food soon.笑
I have been wanting to try this place for a while. Today after doing some shopping at Target across the way, I decided to pick up lunch from here and take it to go.

The build your own pasta concept is nice, especially for picky eaters such as myself. Choose your pasta, sauce, cheese and toppings, and you're good to go! The cashier asked me if I wanted to do the lunch special, which was the build your own pasta, plus Focaccia bread and soup or salad, starting at $6.99. Sounded like a good deal, so I went with it. Ordered the Rigatoni with Alfredo, Parmesan and Chicken. Also decided to get a Macaroon. I was disappointed that they didn't have Cookies and Cream, but ordered the Chocolate Caramel one. After that, I waited about 10 minutes for my order. Its cool that they make everything only when ordered and from scratch. 

Got home, took a few bites and was disappointed. The rigatoni was alright, some of it could have been cooked a bit longer. The chicken was juicy and nicely shredded. But, the Alfredo sauce was just horrible because it was watery and lacked flavor. I'm sorry, but if the sauce isn't good, that pretty much ruins the entire pasta dish. I mixed in the entire packet of salt, which barely helped out. Every bite went like this - pick up pasta and chicken with fork, hold it until the sauce stopped dripping, then eat. I ended up eating only half of it. The Focaccia bread was alright, but I have definitely had better. Didn't try the salad because there was too much food. The macaroon was pretty good. Tasted fresh and not too sweet. However, they are very tiny. I don't think $1.50 is a fair price tag for it. If they are going to charge that much, they should be bigger. $0.75 would be good price for them, LOL.

They really need to work on improving the taste of their food. Then, maybe I'll think about coming back again.笑
My boyfriend and I stopped in on our way from a hike FAMISHED. Let me tell you, we left stuffed. The $6.99 lunch special is a good deal! We each got a plate of pasta, a soup or salad, and a piece of bread for a nice price. I even had some leftovers! Only thing my guy was disappointed about was that toppings were all extra $$. Like olives, broccoli, garlic, tomatoes were .50 and meats were $1.50 on top of the base price. 
When we went in, it was very quiet and empty (only one other family in the whole place) so the staff were friendly and laid back. One woman was really awkward, and also forgot to bring out the bread with the meal, though (we think she was new to working there). 
Super bad thing: the macaroon. YUCK. Maybe it was just the chocolate banana split one that I ordered. Still, eew! I don't recommend them! 

Overall, nice place! I would go again if I was in the area.笑
Thoroughly enjoyed my pan-seared scallops with spicy truffle cauliflower mash and wild mushrooms. The flavors worked  perfectly together and created what,  although ridiculous sounding, resembled something like a taste bud symphony. Tasted a bit of the other dishes my family ordered, and all were just as flavorful. The garlic knots are really good too, not overly garlicky and tasted homemade. The Korean tempura cauliflower is a must. 

The owner/chef stopped by the table to say hi, which was pretty cool. His passion for good, fusion food was contagious.笑
I'm constantly on the lookout for the next great local establishment, especially conveniently located places that we will patronize regularly. A bit hidden off the beaten path, this discovery was purely serendipitous. Even better, I found they had a Groupon deal: $19 for their family meal combo (normally $35).

We decided to select the pappardelle pasta with marinara sauce and ricotta cheese, zucchini, and mushroom toppings. The combo comes with an order of garlic knots and a large house salad. While you are waiting for your order, you can watch them make the pasta. After about 10-15 minutes our salad and garlic knots arrived. The garlic knots were tasty balls of doughy garlicky goodness served with a side of marinara sauce. The salad was massive and consisted of arugula, radish slices, apple slices, candied walnuts, pecorino, and honey vinaigrette. Although I'm generally not a huge fan of the bitterness of arugula, all in all it was enjoyable. After another 10 minutes, our main course arrived. Although the pappardelle was somewhat thicker than expected, it was tasty and fresh nonetheless. Once you've had great freshly made pasta, it's hard to go back to the dry variety.

They also have specials like beef stroganoff ($11), pork adobo with mustard spaetzle ($12), and caesar salad with anchovies that we look forward to trying on a future visit. As advertised, this is fresh gourmet food at a reasonable price. We were impressed and if you look at our star rating distribution, that doesn't happen too often. We will definitely return.笑
Great ambiance and a wonderful option for a large party with a beautiful back room.  Fresh herbs grown AT the restaurant!!!  Ask what's on the secret menu as it includes some special features, AND, don't forget to get a French macaron for dessert before you leave ;).笑
Got here around 8pm on Wednesday after a pretty hard workout and I was dying for a good sized pasta and I was not disappointed! I ordered Tagialelle with carbonara pecorino cheese, spinach,  mushroom, roasted garlic and chicken and everything was on point! I'll be back often so stand by for more pasta photos and reviews.笑
I've dined here 3 times & the food is wonderful! I love the roasted pork on the secret or paleo menu it's amazing. The pasta is extremely good as well my husband ordered the classic and loved it. I definitely recommend giving it a try!笑
This place is AMAZING!! I literally live on the whole other side of town and am here a few times a week. The food is on point. Everything I have ordered is delish and I am a very picky eater! A big plus for me is how clean the kitchen and dining room always are especially when it comes to them cooking my food! My kids also love that you can see them make everything and they watch the whole time. I will def be back numerous times!笑
Our third visit and, because we want this local restaurant to do well, I must offer some constructive criticism.
First visit, very tasty food, prepared by Chef Wes.
Second visit, still no complaints.
Last night, very disappointed.
My husband ordered shrimp tagliatelle with alfredo sauce. True alfredo contains nothing but butter, cream and cheese.  This alfredo was like wallpaper paste. I'm guessing they must thicken it with flour in a poor attempt at a roux. Very gluey and raw tasting. Suggestion, cook the roux a bit longer before adding milk, then add some cream.
I ordered tagliatelle with olive oil, roasted garlic, broccoli and mushrooms.  When I got the dish, the veggies had burned and the taste was awful. The chef graciously apologized and made another. Very mediocre at best. This was dry and the veggies had been heated in a fry pan. I suggest they heat in some chicken broth before adding to a pasta dish.  I also suggest that when olive oil is chosen as the sauce, perhaps saute the garlic in the oil "aglia olia" then add rest of ingredients.
I read some poor reviews on the garlic knots. Ours were very flavorful with oil garlic and salt, but the insides were a bit raw.
I noticed that they use culinary students in the kitchen, perhaps for prepping?
Marinara sauce has good potential. Just a bit on the sweet side. I think the best bet for sauce is their tasty pesto.
The ordering area is a bit confusing. There is a small blackboard on the wall, but the script writing is so tiny, it's almost impossible to read. Suggestion: Put a large blackboard on the back wall, near soda, and write in large print so people can see it when they come in. I did see on the board Lasagna $18.00. No way, that's the price in a fine dining restaurant.
The chef who prepared our first meal wasn't there last night. The other chef is such a nice young man and, as I said, we want him to do well. 
Still no beer and wine, and the macaroons are still tiny.
Most positive asset, the freshly made pasta is light and delicious.
Not trying to be mean, just constructive. I think when this little place "gets the kinks out" they'll do well!
Reviewed by retired cooking teacher/caterer (of Italian descent)笑
Great place! Nice and clean! Quick and fresh Italian food!!
Love the pesto I ordered!
You could see the chefs in action as they cook and stir your food to the right flavorful taste!!笑
We tried Pasta Fresh for the first time this week. Unfortunately we were extremely disappointed. The staff was very friendly and accommodating however the food was less than sub-standard. Our build your own pasta was ordered with olive, chicken and a few toppings. It appeared as if they forgot to add the olive oil because the pasta was dry and rubbery. It was difficult to find anything that resembled chicken and the vegetables were scarce and what we did find were tasteless. Our salad was bland and dry as well. It is not likely that we will return.笑
If you can get passed a bit of a wait for your food, including appetizers, then Pasta Fresh may be your type of restaurant.  I read the reviews prior to coming here so I was well prepared for our food to take some time.  However, I thought that the appetizers could have been quicker.  

Our Eats:
-Pan Seared Scallops ($5 per order):  You get one huge piece of scallop with this order. I didn't think that this was enough for a group of three, so I got two orders.  This app alone was worth the visit to Pasta Fresh. The scallop was fresh, tasty, and on top of apple bits.  To the side of this scallops was one cauliflower that had a kick to it.  

-Garlic Knots ($3.50 for 5):  The GF ordered this the garlic knots and I had a piece.  This was freshly made and buttery.  This wasn't overly drenched in garlic, but still good enough for an appetizer. 

-Lobster Ravioli ($18):  This is new to Pasta Fresh and was my main dish.  This dish was a disappointment. First of all, I thought that the ravioli was inconsistent.  Some pieces were too doughy, some too hard, and one tasted overcooked. You get a decent amount of ravioli and in that mix, you will find at least one good one.  I did, at least.  Now for my biggest issue...where's the lobster???  This entree is titled Lobster Ravioli and mixed with mushrooms.  What I got was more of a Mushroom Ravioli that was mixed with tiny bits of lobster.  You don't even taste the lobster because it's that small.  If you get this and wondering if there is even any lobster in it, it's the tiny white & red pieces.  Remember back in the day when you would find advertisements for Sea Monkeys? All you had to do was mix this package of Sea Monkeys with your aquarium of fish.  What you're suppose to get is a family of sea creatures chillin out with your pet fish. I admit, I was one of those kids that was ordered them and was disappointed when I could barely find a Sea Monkey that even got close to what they were advertising.  Well, that's my experience with Pasta Fresh's Lobster Ravioli.  I ordered what I thought would be a good portion of lobster meat and got nothing but tiny Sea Monkey sized lobster in their ravioli.

Couple other things to point out...
-You get a free macaron with their Yelp Check-In, but this was a total fail since they didn't have any macarons.  The pictures looked good though. 
-There's a secret menu.  Ask about it or check their not so secret online menu.
-Again, a bit of a wait
-Don't order the Lobster Ravioli
-Their create your own pastas are inexpensive and probably worth the price.  Some of their entrees are a little steep, especially if you get the Lobster Ravioli. 

Overall, I still think I would come back.  My friend ordered their Chicken Parmesan and it sure looked good.  He confirmed it too.  I also like the option to build your own pasta.  Their create your own Pastas have a ton of choices in pasta, cheeses, sauces, and meats.  I have learned my lesson...no more Lobster Ravioli for me.  I will try one of their create your own pastas next time.笑
Kind of sad pasta fresh has closed but I definitely saw it coming. Once the owner stopped coming in and cooking the food himself, it all went to crap. The last time I ate here Chef Wes the owner was off and the cooks that we're working took no pride in their work, the food was cold and the flavor was way off.笑
This place is clean, staff is welcoming, but I honestly was very disappointed and still scratching my head at how this place has 5 stars. We came on a Friday night, hoping to get a quick meal in before my boyfriend's basketball game. He had the spinach/cheese stuffed ravioli and I had an alfredo dish. The pasta was cooked very poorly and was very clumpy, it seemed like we could have made better at home. The alfredo seemed very oily, the bacon I had added to it was sparse and lacked flavor, and the ravioli was unappetizing. We also had an order of garlic knots that they forgot about, but once we did get them, they were underwhelming and both the sauce and the bread lacked a lot of flavor. My fiance is normally a garbage disposal when it comes to leftovers, but after packing up most of our food and taking it to-go, we ended up throwing it away the next day. I think this place is still working out some kinks (i.e. the cashier seemed to forget to give a lot of tables their utensils, which the runner had to end up doing). I do appreciate that they make their pasta fresh and they have fresh herbs growing in-house, but nothing about our experience made us want to go back. It looks like the place has a lot of fans though and I'm sure will continue to thrive and improve. 

Great concept, but I think I will be sticking to Custom Built Pizza when it comes to my customizable Italian food needs.笑
We went in a couple nights ago and the fact that we were the only people there should've tipped us off.  LVAC members are supposed to get 25% off.  We would up getting 15% off and the cashier said that was for the grand opening only.  Not good customer service since the very next morning at the gym, the 25% ad was still running on the TVs!!  The food...not good.  We got it to go and for the price, the portions were ok but the quality was very poor.  My whole wheat was so overcooked it was almost mush.  The only reason we finished the food is because we were both starving!  We will not be back.笑
Im confused why people are rating this place at 5 stars.  Lets save the 5 star rating for places that deserve it.  With that being said, lets start this review.

Almost empty on a Friday night.  Staff was friendly and we sat ourselves after receiving our menus at the register.  First glance into the open view kitchen was a kitchen staff member eating directly out of the topping bin.  I hate to be so picky, but that is an immediate turn off.  Later I saw the same staff person talking on his cell phone in the kitchen.  I just wonder how often hands are cleaned back there, or if it even matters when you eat out of the bins.  Anyhoo...

Food was average.  Not worth the $12+ price.  Service was good and friendly.  

Also, LVAC is still advertising this place as 25% off.  That was only for the grand opening.  We received a 15% discount.

In conclusion, I won't be returning.笑
I like the concept of made to order pasta, similar to other fast casual concepts out there, but they make their own pasta from scratch here. The place just needs more refinement. My first visit I got the food to go. The House Salad ($8) was already dressed so by the time I got home it was a wet soggy mess. My wife took a single bite and tossed it -- it was that bad. Having the dressing on the side would be a huge improvement, but I don't think my wife cared for the taste of it anyway. I opted for their special -- a roasted pork loin ($9) with a butternut squash puree, sauteed vegetables, ginger crumbs and scallion-ginger aioli. The pork was a little dried out but the flavors were good.

On a second visit I tried The Pesto ($10) -- rigatoni pasta with pesto, olives, garlic, tomatoes, pecorino and topped with steak (for an additional $1.75). The portion size was great, and the house-made pesto sauce was good although there was way too much of it. The pasta seemed too thick and gummy. 

Its locally owned, so I'd be happy to give them another shot, but they do need to step up their game.笑
I like the fact that the noodles are homemade and their dishes are prepared to order, but their garlic knots were sub-par and their macarons were disgusting!!!笑
They actually make the pasta to order not just cook it.  Choice of basic sauces and nice add ins. My son and I had the Chicken Parmesan and it was amazing. Fresh ingredients.笑
Great food! Great service!

I have to say it is really rare to find a place here in Vegas that makes fresh pasta from all fresh ingredients. We had the papperdelle carbonara and the bow tie pesto. Both were truly excellent. The price is good for the size of the pasta. This place has a great environment and nice seating. I'm always a little skeptical when I see build your own type places, but this pasta was really first rate. We will definitely be back. Now go get your own delicious pasta.笑
So I went in and had no idea what to expect. The concept (fresh made pasta made from scratch- as you order) had me concerned about how expensive it could be and how long I'd have to wait. I went on the insistence of my GF and can't tell you how happy I was to have listened to her. The food is beyond reasonably priced, I would've gladly paid double for the amazing stuffed pasta in marinara I received. The quickness and efficiency of the staff was unparalleled; I've had to wait at other "fast-food"  places longer and the food was so amazingly fresh- I joked with my gf that they created there own food establishment category: Fresh food fast. Other establishments should be jealous, haha. If you are looking for super healthy their "secret" Paleo menu was what my GF ordered and we split our orders and I Loved the chicken cacciatore as well. Great job!! Anyone that goes is getting a culinary treat!笑
Well that didnt last long, they are closed now. Once they switched to sit down service, I never went back. Not sure why they made that mistake, bur as a fast casual place it was great.笑
This is gluten free paleo diet heaven!  The roasted pork, seared steak, truffle cauliflower mash and bolognese gluten sensitive pasta was wonderful!  The service was wonderful and they were so helpful!笑
Not a place for a "quick" lunch but everything was fresh and delicious. The staff was friendly and attentive. The salad and focaccia bread were my favorite things of the meal.笑
My boyfriend and I wanted to try this place after reading the previous reviews. Luckily there was a groupon for this place. We opted for 19 dollar one which includes one large pasta, large salad, and an order of garlic knots. 

We ordered the sausage tagliatelle, house salad, garlic knots of course! Well they brought the pasta first??! And then she said salad will out in a little bit. And then the garlic knots. I would have been on with the knots first and then salad, and then obviously the pasta. But we got the salad last. Never seen such a thing. Why did it take longer to make the salad than the pasta? 

The pasta was just ok not bad but not great. The salad was very bitter and the dressing did not go well with the greens. The garlic knots were burnt. They seemed to have the potential of being good, but they were burnt at the bottom. 

Overall the service was good, the food was disappointing.笑
The Skinny: inconsistency in the kitchen makes this gives this place a (3), service: it recently switched to table service from counter service --- it's okay (3), Value: in the end of the day, the inconsistency in quality and the higher than average prices make this a 3-starred place.

It's really unfortunate that I write a review about this place after eating there a few times. 

If you were to ask me, the first time we hit this joint, it would have been a 4 starred establishment easily. However with subsequent visits, the quality just wasn't there.

First time, we tried a pappardelle pasta (freshly made) sauteed with zucchini/mushroom/ricotta in a marinara sauce. The texture of the noodle and marinara was great. The house salad with the radish/arugula/thinly sliced apple was a little bland however it matched well with the strong flavours of the pasta. The garlic knots - take it or leave it.

We went back to try their specialty items: their paleo special which was a roast pork dish with butternut squash, their kale salad and their ravioli dish. The roast pork dish was overly sweet while their ravioli dish suffered from being overly greasy. Their kale salad was the best thing that night however the kale was not sufficiently drained which made the dressing overly watery.

Okay, well maybe that was a fluke. So we go back again for lunch and tried their lunch specials. The lunch special is chicken noodle soup, pasta of your choice, with a slice of bread. Overall, I'd skip the focaccia bread that comes with - it tends to be a bit too greasy and hard. Tried their pasta with ricotta/marinara combination - decidedly meh - there was way too much sauce in it. Tried their gnocchi with a combo of pesto/romesco sauce. Their gnocchi is a definite pass - it's gummy and overly firm. The pesto has too much of a grainy texture and there was too much of it which really overwhelmed the dish.

The chicken noodle soup is basically a consumme with a few sad noodles hanging the bowl. It tastes like it uses some Asian spices and has a dark brown color. I just didn't get enough chicken flavoring to really merit ordering this. The salad was light but again, the leaves were a bit wet which watered down the dressing (of which there wasn't much there).

It's really sad because we loved this place so much the first time we went. This place also faces a lot of local competition in that same little shopping block. Overall, given the inconsistency, this place rates a 3-starred review.笑
I noticed Pasta Fresh when I was doing some shopping over at Target and drove through the parking lot and seen it. I thought to myself, "must try it." I am glad I did! I brought my family and walked in, although we were the only ones, it made it nice for service cause we were center of attention!! I had a nice conversation with the gentleman that was making our pasta. I was impressed with the menu, from the "Kale You Dig It," to the "Truffle Shuffle," was all very great!  The service was friendly and the food was delicious!!!! I would definitely recommend this place because fresh pasta being made in front of  you makes you realize how you don't want that box stuff ever again!!笑
This place was amazing! Everyhing was fresh and made to order. The staff was friendly and the place was clean. I'm defintely going back!笑
This place is amazing. Great atmosphere, very clean and they make their own pasta. I love the create your own dish menu option so you get exactly the ingridents you want. I highly recommend this place.