I have been to Senor Peppers twice and have enjoyed the food thoroughly!  The food was flavorful and taste different for each dish.  Portion sizes are great and the service was good as well.  We will be going back.  So far this is the best restaurant in the city.

They also are knowledgeable on gluten for those with allergies.  Big plus!Ǿ
I have been here 3 times and always walk away pleased.  It has you standard mexi american offerings as well as some truly authentic Mexican far.    It is as good as any Mexican I've had in Madison.Ǿ
Darn good food for Oregon. Might even be the best restaurant in townǾ
Senor Peppers serves up good, solid Mexican food.  They're usually busy, which is an indicator of their popularity in this area.  Worth a stop if you're hungry.Ǿ
One star because the food was pretty good.  Nothing spectacular, but the steak tacos were good.  The chips and salsa were bland.  The rice and beans, blah.  

The service was horrible.  We waited 45 minutes to get waited on and get our food.  No real apologies, just excuses.Ǿ
The food was cold, the waiter was scarce & cranky, I asked for water many times & never got it + over priced food. Also no spices or herbs used...very bland! Skip it.Ǿ
The staff did a great job.  The place was busy but we still got our orders quickly along with refills when needed.

The food was great for what it is.  They obviously could make the food a little more authentic but its more appealing the way it's served to the taste buds of the local community.  That said, the food was delicious.  I have about 400 carnicerias and Mexican restaurants within about 10 feet of my house in CA and I liked it.

If you want some comida mexicana and your in Oregon, you probably only have one choice anyway so check it out.Ǿ
Typical Mexican/American food that's consistent. The fajita burrito is especially good. In the winter the place is great to go to since its about 80 degrees inside.Ǿ
Always terrific.  Staff is cheerful and polite.  Food is consistently great and the restaurant and bathrooms are always clean.  This is a new restaurant and when it first opened they didn't have enough wait staff and often the only person on the floor didn't have good enough English skills.  They have since added more staff and now the service is terrific.  I have yet to meet a person in Oregon who doesn't love the place.Ǿ
Good food with great portions. I got the grilled chicken with mole sauce which came with spicy rice and refried beans as well as guacamole salad. Very good menu choice. Sadly it took me and my party of 3 over 40 minutes to get our food once orders were placed! Not sure what the deal was given it was not terribly busy at the time? Crazy good red and green salsa here! Put it on everything!Ǿ
I was visiting Oregon, Wisconsin from California and went to Senor Peppers on a tip from a local.  It was a friendly, cozy place in the renovated town center with a menu loaded with the usual Mexican-American stuff.  In addition, there are some dishes off the beaten path.  I especially liked that their drink menu included horchata, a drink that I usually find indicates that someone from Mexico has had a hand in creating the menu.

Portions were big and the place was full of locals on a Monday night.  Clearly it's popular, and not undeserving of this honor.  It's casual and an easy place to take children.  I'll go back when I'm hungry for heavy food.Ǿ
I liked it! The chips were very homemade(which is an acquired taste, thats for sure). I happen to like this style. They have homemade hot sauce, its kind of similar to El Pastor's. I had the veggie fajita burrito lunch and was not disappointed. The waiter was a little stretched but I wasn't disappointed. Prices were fair for lunch. The rice was probably the weakest part of the meal.Ǿ
Love the fajita burrito special.  Overall, food is good and consistent.  My only knock is the service, which can be slow.   Regardless, it's worth a try and the food has kept me coming back.Ǿ
Good food, good prices.  Try the Queso Ala Mexicana as an appetizer with chips--it is GREAT.

 I usually order my food as takeout and it never takes more than 15 minutes to get.