Best sushi in the west valley . Great  food and prices durning happy hr. Lunch prices you can't beat.also try the sammy roll!!!! So amazing笑
We are moving out of state and I do have to say that one of the hardest things will be leaving Akai Hana!! This is by far the best sushi restaurant I have ever been to and it's because of a combination of things. The pricing is great, the fish is fresh, the service is amazing, it is family owned, and they ALWAYS seem to have happy hour... We will be back to visit, I PROMISE!! Favorites include the Japanese Dynamite and Blue Flame!笑
Last few times coming here for happy hour has been a total let down.  Not sure what has happened, but quality control seems to be lacking now.  Sushi rolls were unevenly sized, all over the map, thick ones, thin ones, big ones, small ones.  Plus the most annoying part was that the sushi seems to be so loosely packed that you can't pick one up without it falling apart.  Spent more time picking up specks of rice than having all the flavors meld in your mouth in one bite.  Hoping the one sushi chef that seems to do it right teaches all the other ones how to roll  correctly.笑
My family and I had visited this location before and had a great experience. The food tasted fresh and the service was great. 

However, our experience today was just sad. Putting our order in took forever. I had to send back the chicken from my bento box as it was old and maybe no good. The avocado in my California was hot and also had just a strange flavor. My daughters bento box had canned fruit instead of fresh. 

I think the only positive experience was the Vegas Roll. Overall not happy at all, we won't be back.笑
Best Sushi In The West Valley Strait Up. I Never Had Sushi Until My Brother Took Me Here, And Let Me Tell You It Was Fukking Great, I Fell In Love With Hushi. 

So I Tried A Few Other Places They Were Okay But Nothing Like This Place, So When I'm Feeling Sushi This Is My Place Of Choice笑
They were very quick, fast and friendly..... I would totally recommend the Lion King roll笑
The greatest sushi ever for a very cheap price! The Las Vegas roll is my favorite! Staff is always friendly & I like that it's a very calm & relaxed place.笑
Will never go back to this place. Chicken wrap had a nice curly hair on the lettuce. Wasn't long enough to be from the head or short enough to be an eyelash. Walked out as soon as I seen this. Never again. I was excited about eating here but just messed up my night with this. The fat lady cook was laughing at us as soon as we walked in. Feeling like this was done on purpose. Don't recommend this place!笑
Usually we have a great experience here.

Tonight was a different story.

One of the waitresses was super negative, verbally expressing her negative comments. 

I have worked in food service so I can understand a bad day, but making it so apparent to customers that you are upset is not professional and does not create a good environment. 

I saw a couple walk out due to this women's bad attitude. Losing business to a waitresses attitude is a bad sign.笑
Food was good, service could be a little bit more.on point, will definitely come back.笑
If it's your first time here the one I always recommend is Blue Flame! Try it it's amazing. ive had a few different ones aswell libke pollo loco, vegas, asparigus, avocado, crunch, and I believe Tropicana. they are all good! ive been here a few times already and everytime I try something new!笑
I have been to Akai Hana's a couple of times already and I can say they have satisfied my Sushi addiction!! This place does not get crowded, but plenty of people do come here.(based on Fri or Sat night) Last time I was here I had their Rainbow roll, Spicy tuna roll, and Las Vegas roll.  The  Rainbow and Spicy tuna rolls where really good, but the one that suprised me was the Las Vegas roll(had me bobbing my head) ofcourse a sign that it was enjoyable and delicious! I will definetly be coming back here.笑
We decided to try a new spot for sushi this last weekend and the rain made it undesirable to travel far from home. We pulled into this small location not knowing what to expect and was happy with our experience.

We ordered 4 sushi rolls and some Goyza / edamame as appetizers which tasted perfect. The diamondback roll was the best of the three and would be a definite the next time we stop in, absolute lightly fried goodness! the fried cali roll was great and the dragon as well. My wife liked the spicy shrimp roll as well, but that isn't my type of roll. 

We would love to come during happy hour to save some cash and my only real con's about the place would be the decor and space. Other than that the Sushi is great and there is plenty of room for a nice quiet date night for two, but not a huge party setting for sure.

Sushi Rocks overall here though!笑
I'm convinced this place is God's Vagina. 

Absurdly large servings of great sushi at a fair price.笑
This is my place for sushi!  I've been here many times for dine in and take out.  They have fresh sushi and the prices are reasonable plus the owner is super nice!

They have a good selection for happy hour and plus it's everyday.  Try their house salad with sesame dressing and you won't be disappointed.

Overall, the food is great here!笑
I walked in and wanted to get some sushi to go.  

Instead, I stood at the door for about 10 minutes until somebody was told to come out of the kitchen and help me.

Unfortunately, I don't believe in giving a business my money if they don't appreciate my service.

The food might be okay, but the service is terrible.

Pretty depressing considering the lack of options in the West Valley.

*sigh*笑
Went there on a Friday night 6:30pm. Place is very small, lights are very bright, noise level is very loud. Greeted and seated quickly. 

Drink orders taken promptly - server returned shortly for food order. Sushi was good - we had the HANA and the Blue Dynamite.

Once we had food and drinks, service slowed. Said they would bring check - took a while. Returning the check after credit card was run took even longer. 

Lights TOO bright, turn them down somewhat. Small space makes for a noisy experience when busy, as they were.笑
Man, another great little Sushi find in the west valley!  Japanese Sushi chefs, nice little place inside and out, good service, reasonable prices and a great happy hour selection!  We go back for more!笑
I don't even want to give one star but you can't post if you don't mark anything so against my better judgement, one star, under protest, it will be.

I have to say I will NEVER go back to this place again!!!! I don't know if management has changed but I can tell you that the service here has been continuously declining over the past year and TONIGHT was the W-O-R-S-T!!!! They definitely need to have 2 people behind the sushi bar because the one person thing just doesn't cut it. Even when the place is almost empty, it takes FOREVER to get your sushi. 

We've lived in Goodyear now for almost 7 yrs, meaning when we first moved to this side of the valley there were no restaurants, especially sushi places until the last 3 yrs maybe. When this place first opened we were so excited because it was much closer to home, at the time the service was excellent and fast, and the quality and quantity was worth the price. Forget that! You'd be better off going to the grocery store and buying their sushi. 

We ordered a total of 4, count them, 4 rolls tonight. The first roll was delivered rather quickly. Nice surprise, however it wasn't one of the ones I had ordered so I waited patiently. The second roll, again, not one that I had ordered was delivered probably within the next 5-10 minutes later. Wow, we thought. Service seems a little better than last time. BIG MISTAKE FOR THINKING THAT!!!!!!!! Holy crap, sat waiting for almost another 30-35 minutes watching all these other orders going out for people who came in some time AFTER, yes I said AFTER, we did but not our 2 measly rolls. 

We also had to be our own server when it came to refilling our drink. Server never came back to refill so I got up and refilled our drinks myself. Too bad we didn't order alcohol because i would have gone back to get that as well. 

I finally decided I had had enough and we got up to leave. When I was approaching the female server to ask for a bill for the sushi we did get and explain the situation she walked right by me like I was invisible or something. She came past me a second time and when I started to speak to her, she ignored me and walked over to a table that was cancelling an order because it was taking too long for them as well. When she walked past me the 3rd time and ignored me I happened to mention in a loud voice that I must be standing there for my health or something. Finally I walked over to the curtain that they have to divide the register, kitchen and hall to bathrooms from the dining area and told the lady we wanted to cancel our order, wanted the bill for what we got and that we would never come back again because service was so horrible. She said OK thank you, so we walked out. 

Hey, wait a minute, I think they owe me money since I had to play waitress. 

You know, we love, and I mean love sushi but I'd rather have to drive out of the way to a place where I know we will get service promptly and with a smile even if the place is packed to the gills, no pun intended笑
Very reasonable price during their happy hour menu, salmon kama and Japanese Dynamite Salad is my favorite along with their Pokémon roll. Enjoy!笑
"it's a celebration bit$*es!" this place is one of my spots!! awesome happy hour and great people. great food!笑
The food was good. But the service could have been better. Food came in a timely manner but didn't come by often to ask if we were okay.笑
Wide variety of sushi rolls, EVERYTHING we've tried on the menu has been great, and they have extensive happy hour specials! By far the best sushi in the west valley. No frills, no gimmicks, just high-quality Japanese food.笑
Seriously worst service and sushi I have ever had! The waitress didn't give us a refill, she ignored us when we wanted to pay for 30 mins, took pictures of her friends, got our order wrong and I found chunks of plastic in my food! When I told the waitress she looked at us and all she said was "that's gross!" and walked off! I was a waitress one time and I have been to lots of sushi places and this is by far the worst! Do not spend your money here! The sushi was horrible! What a mistake coming here!笑
I came in with my family and we ordered some dishes off their happy hour! We got the chicken tatsuta, golden buddha, blue flame and las vegas. And let me say.. They were awesome! We've been to some other Japanese restaurants on the west side but these dishes blew them out of the water! We will definitely be back!笑
I didn't like sushi until I went here. Our family LOVES this place, and everyone we bring here is hooked. You can't go wrong with Akai Hana, the sushi is the best in town and the prices are zoo cheep. Go during happy hour (12-2 and 8-10pm) My favorite rolls: The Blue Flame is by far the best one, very addictive. Love their California Rolls, The Las Vegas-wonderful. Another great roll is the Golden Buddah. My kids don't like sushi but they love getting the chicken Tatsuta. Also they have tempura cheesecake-one of the best desserts, sometimes we go there just for that.笑
I have been coming here since I was in high school, which is about 5 years now. This place, for those 5 years, has been very consistent in regards to quality and service. 
First off, the quality is awesome. Tasty sushi and not expensive at all during happy hour or lunch time. If you're looking for variety the walls are literally covered with specialty rolls they come up with like the "Grand Canyon" or the "BanaMango."

However, the one thing holding them back from a 5 star in my book is their service. They're very friendly. Always have been, especially the gentlemen at the bar who are always greeting you and saying goodbye while making sushi. But the servers have never been good under pressure. I would advice against coming in with a big group. They can be forgetful too. But in my honest opinion the quiet atmosphere and blue flame roll outweighs their service issue. And like I said, at least they're friendly.笑
Just somewhat average 

I have friends that rave about Akai Hana Sushi and Grill so I though I would give it a whirl.  

Akai Hana is nothing fancy, however the happy hour is a great value that attracts quite a crowd of loyal clientele. If you decide to go for happy hour its best to show up early because the tables fill up as soon as the doors open. 

Akai Hana has fresh ingredients, friendly staff, and a variety of menu options that include traditional sushi/sashimi items, specialized rolls, and appetizers.  The food was "ok" but nothing above average.笑
Such a great find for this new AZ gal from SoCal! Yes, good sushi can be had in AZ. Went there with the husband at Happy Hour and ate a LOT without breaking the bank :). I will be a regular!笑
Great place for Sushi in Goodyear! Go during happy hOur to save a ton of money!!!笑
A real hidden gem.  Very fresh and beautifully presented sushi and sashimi.  The hot green tea is tasty and smooth.  The service was quick and the staff friendly.笑
DELICIOUS sushi. I mean I want to go there twice a week it is so delicious. Tried it a little over a week ago and have been there three times already. The only downside is the service SUCKS. The waitress that dealt  with me doing a phone order on my last trip gave me the worst customer service I have ever received in my life. I realize they're from a different country and don't have as good of manners as we do here, but come on guys, having a business means having friendly staff if you want to stay busy. She almost makes me not even want to go there. I will continue to give them chances, hopefully she was just having a bad day!笑
Great Sushi, large amount at a great price. Happy hour there is so cheap and delish!!笑
The wait staff and sushi chef appeared to be from Japan.  Despite a minor language barrier the service was pleasant.  The appearance of the restaurant is in line with the workers being from Japan as the small some what cramped restaurant was reminiscent of the small Japanese sushi bars found nestled in a big city amongst other businesses. The layout is somewhat awkward initially coming into the restaurant but after awhile sitting inside I can say I liked it.

I ordered the Sushi/Sashimi Combo plate. Every piece including the notoriously un-fresh "fishy" tasting salmon, experienced at most AZ sushi restaurants, was instead fresh and tasty. This came as a surprise as most AZ sashimi/sushi seems to be un-fresh tasting (understandable as we are in the desert.) The included miso soup was average. The presentation was good. The restaurant and bathrooms were clean. The prices are fair for the quality. And bottom line, the Sushi was VERY GOOD. I really enjoyed eating here and hope to return and support this restaurant.

Side Note: As a minor indicator of quality I usually eat the entire globlet of wasabi given on the plate at the end of the meal. THIS wasabi was the most instant and hot wasabi I have every eaten. I assume this is in direct proportion with the over all attention to freshness and quality that the restaurant seems to stand for. Fin.笑
Good food just terrible service. The server Cheyanne is the worst clumsy, slow, and just sloppy also unclean appearance. I asked her to cancel a roll because they very obviously forgot about it but she insisted that the sushi chefs were "putting the finishing touches on it" total lie 12 more minutes the roll made it to the table total of 42 minutes to make a rainbow roll. By then I didn't even want it but she charged me anyways and said I can just take it to go.  Was also here two weeks ago and Cheyanne was like a bull in a china shop she dropped 4 plates of sushi during a huge rush I feel terrible for the poor chefs that have to work when she is there.笑
Once upon a time, the powers that be decided Goodyear was to become the next yuppy Ahwautukee and made grandiose plans to make the town New York City in the Desert.  Then came the Great Depression of 2008 and flush went that idea.

However, what turned out to be bad for Goodyear's tax man turned out to be a blessing for everyone else:  among the several stores and gyms and other restaurants which technically should not exist here in Green Acres is this little gem, built with the hopes of raking in the dough during the Boom Days now gone.

I will only talk about the Happy Hour  (and Reverse Happy Hour), because I think this is THE selling point of this place.  Come at the "right" time of day (or night) and you will get tasty and large rolls for a low price.  The sesame salad dressing is so delicious, you will ask for a side salad, even if you had no intention of getting one in the first place.  Big sellers for me are the Rainbow Roll, the Las Vegas, the Tootsie, etc.

When the weather is nice, the outdoor seating is comfortable and sets a relaxed mood  (this, in spite of heavy traffic on the adjoining street in front of the restaurant).  In contrast, I'm not a fan of sitting inside, because I find it cramped and dark  (yes, though I'm no fan of the heat, I've actually sat outside on summer nights and sweltered in the withering heat just to avoid being inside).

Service is fast and efficient and friendly.  Food is quite good and reasonably priced.  Hours are VERY good in a town, where most things disappear into black oblivion by 9pm.

The staff does do that annoying "let me yell at you in Japanese as you enter the door" greeting.  OK, I get it:  it's authentic; so is being shot at for showing an American passport in Afghanistan.  I don't enjoy either.笑
This place is one of the best sushi places (if not the best for their variety and made to orders) we have ever been to.  Each visit, we order something new (and we've been coming here once a week for several months now).  The cut and quality of the sashimi is consistent, the rolls are always prepared immaculately.  The miso soup is perfect.  Do not believe the negative reviews.  Believe the reviews of those of us who come here on a regular basis to enjoy fine quality sushi.  I have never seen this place short staffed, nor have I had a roll that fell apart because it wasn't prepared properly.  We have never waited long for our food, ever.笑
We used to come here at least once a week and we get takeout often too. Recently the service has been spotty and there is always an item missing from takeout ( ginger, cucumber, rice). I love the salmon stack so will come back sometimes for that but we have been going to another place recently with much better service. Hopefully the service will get better again.笑
Great place for value priced Sushi. My oldest daughter took us there during a visit. They have some amazing new takes on sushi. If you have someone who has never tried it, take them there. They have some really Americanized versions there. There will be something there for them. Good service was enjoyed and we came in pretty late. Definitely worth trying for yourself!笑
Been here multiple times at this location, these previous time I ordered spicy tuna hand roll and I must say, it was a bit disappointing. It had some brown old fish mused in there.. other then that sushi is okay.  

*tuna Katsu is a must try !笑
So I was really excited to have sushi for lunch (as I always am) but walked away from this place very disappointed. Let's talk about the few good points first, our server was very friendly and lunch prices were super cheap. Sake and sake bombs were a great price and they have a reverse happy hour later at night. Unfortunately, the price points reflect the quality of the food. Out of the three rolls that we ordered, Tootsie, las Vegas and blue flame, I only ate one piece of each. These rolls were all generously slathered with spicy sauces and the Vegas roll was swimming in some sort of green Chile sauce an had a jalapeño slice on each piece - I've never seen a Vegas roll served as such. The cream cheese was barely even detectable and the fish was indistinguishable from the rice. The terrible, terrible rice that was mushy and bland. We also had a couple of appetizers , the crag Rangoon's were ohkay, no real crabby flavor and the gyoza was over fried and the meat inside was a little bland as well.  Im so happy i didnt order a bunch of raw fish rolls or sashimi like i normally do because i cant inagine what a disaster that would have been! Service was spotty which was strange because there was literally only four other people in the place. I will not be returning and neither will my sister . my search for great sushi in the west valley continues.笑
The food here is awesome! The sushi chefs are the best. We're from California and come out frequently so this is on our must do's when we are here. The blue flame is super good and the tootsie roll, the tuna roll all good as well. I could go on and on but go try for yourself you won't be disappointed. They do have a great happy hour so have fun and enjoy!!笑
Love the happy hour and reverse happy hour! Wish they were open longer hours like the Phoenix location. Their Tropicana (mango salmon) rolls aren't as good as the Phoenix location's. Here are some items they do well: Dynamite salad, Spicy Tuna Tostada, Las Vegas Roll (has slide jalapenos), Rainbow Roll, tempura...
Neither Akaihana makes a spicy tuna roll to my liking. On the other hand, the portions for this (and other) rolls are generous.
Service at the sushi bar is responsive.笑
We ate here about a month ago, on a Friday night. Unfortunately, we had just missed their happy hour pricing. I'm not a sushi (or seafood) person so I tried to go in with an open mind since I was the only one in our group who didn't eat sushi. They all loved most of the choices of the rolls they got, the only exception was the appetizer that was ordered. For the price, it was NOT worth it! Was maybe 4 bites worth of food. There was one other sushi roll that wasn't worth the price but I do not remember which one it was. Other than those two things, the rolls were awesome and they almost couldn't finish everything. 

Since I don't eat seafood, I got the chicken katsu. I do believe that it was overpriced for what you got ($14 for 1 chicken breast, a little rice, soup, and a tiny salad) BUT, it was delicious! We are planning on going back to celebrate my husband's birthday there this weekend and I can't wait to order the katsu again and he's looking forward to the Vegas, Dragon, and Blue Flame rolls. 

Short version- good options if you don't eat seafood, awesome sushi rolls but go during happy hour, somewhat overpriced but not enough to keep us away for right now笑
Always good, always fresh, not skimpy, great service, great prices & excellent happy hour!!笑
Amazing selection and prices for happy hour, our first time here but we will be back, looking forward to trying sukiyaki next time! The tuna poke bowl is super yummy, I could eat that everyday!笑
service may not be their strongest point but their sushi is good. They have great lunch specials and Happy Hour specials!笑
Went in another time and always terrible service! They don't refill our drinks, make us wait FOREVER for the check. All the waiters and waitresses keep switching and coming and going, we don't have one consistent server that tends to us. The food isn't bad but I don't appreciate being ignored.笑
I really enjoyed the sushi I had at Akai Hana (Red Flower in English I think). I had the spicy tuna roll on special for happy hour and also got the Phoenix roll (Eel, smoked salmon, cucumber, avocado, sweet egg). The spicy tuna came out quickly and was good. The Phoenix took a little longer, but I thought it was really tasty.

The staff was very nice and helpful with any questions I had. The water I had tasted... like water and was refreshing enough for me. 

The place seems to have a lot of traditional Japanese dishes I don't always find at every Japanese restaurant I go to. Also, the majority of the staff were speaking... Japanese, which strangely seems rare from the places I have been to in the Valley.

I will definitely be back to check some of the other stuff on their menu (like their sukiyaki that is for a minimum of 2 people, that sounds like fun).笑
Found myself really wanting some Inari sushi while I was out in Goodyear. Did not know any sushi places so I asked my Nav system to find one for me....and it did find Akai Hana Sushi & Grill. Inari is a very simple sushi, it is a fried tofu pocket, or could be a cone, filled with rice and topped with sesame seeds, soy sauce and a bit of wasabi. Simple but good and I have had them all over the world. Usually they come in a small tray, what has 5 or 4 if they are big inari, some pickled vegetables, a dollop of wasabi and cost between $4-5 bucks. Just pour on some soy, brush some wasabi, put some pickled stuff on top and chomp away...delicious. While the inari at Akai Hana were fine, it was the price for what I got that was a bit out of line. I got 4 regular size inari, in a large take out box and it was almost $6.....or about $1.50 each, whereas in most every other place they are just shy of $1 each. Maybe I am just cheap, but as well as taste, atmosphere and personal, I judge the "away from home" eating experience with an equal emphasis on cost. If I get another hankering for inari, which I am sure will arise, I will seek out a place where the inari is good and the price is right.笑
I came here for happy hour and I was very content with their service and the food was good. I've had sushi in different parts of the world and have had some really good ones and some desperate-for-quick-sushi grocery store ones. I'd have to say I've enjoyed my meal here and would highly recommend them. The chicken teriyaki was alright, but I was over all satisfied for what I've paid for. (Chicken teriyaki no rice, mussels, and dragon roll, $18 total)笑
Another great restaurant experience. The place can be quite packed at times,  simply a sign of the quality service and food one will receive. It definitely is worth waiting for a seat. Our server was friendly, and extremely knowledgeable of their items. He recommended a dish (which I am sad to say I do not recall the name of) that was exquisite. Fair portions and prices as well.笑
As much as I love living on the far west side, there aren't a lot of great options when it comes to eating out. Thank goodness for Akai Hana, our go-to sushi place! We've been dozens of times, usually for take-out, but sometimes dining in. Warning- there are two locations, so be sure you place your order at the correct one. The sushi is fresh and portions are generous, so the place gets crowded. 

YES!
- Chirashi Sushi is a good deal with a variety of slices of fish (tuna, salmon, albacore, shrimp, octopus, egg) served over sushi rice with shredded radish and pickled ginger. Although I'm not a fan of the octopus (a big tough), my man likes it. The amount of food in one order is perfect for two people when you combine it with a few additional fixing at home for a do-it-yourself poke bowl. 
- Seasoned seaweed salad is good, but on the small side. Makes a nice side dish for the chirashi.

Pass on this...
- Poke tuna bowl- Not my fave. I can't eat mango, don't love the crab salad, and the avocado on one occasion was a bit brown. Stick with the chirashi.

Will definitely be back many times, I'm sure!笑
I'm trying to get the Sushi Sensei badge so lately we've been going to different sushi places around town.  So far, I've been sorely disappointed and actually feel bad for "cheating" on our go-to favorite Japanese restaurant on the (far) west side - Tomo's.  I don't know exactly what the criteria is to get the Sushi Sensei badge but I'm just about ready to give up, at least going to new places around here.  Seriously, it has been a huge disappointment.

Okay, this place ... don't bother with getting the curry.  You know those curry packages you get at the store to make your own curry?  Yup, tastes like that.  It's fine and all but charging me $9 and putting on the plate 2 potatoes and 2 carrots, not cool.

The ramen had no taste - literally.  No wonder my toddler didn't like it and she LOVES noodles.

The sushi was ok.  We had the Philadelphia, Rainbow, and Tempura shrimp.  Nothing great but better than our last experience at A Hai.

Our friends got the egg roll and it looked like 1 egg roll cut up into a whole bunch of pieces and cost $4.  Maybe it was 2 egg rolls but it sure didn't look it.  I guess it's not totally unheard of to charge $4 for 2 egg rolls but I was not impressed.  Our total came out to $42 before tip (no alcohol) and it just totally seemed not worth it.  I'd rather pay a few extra bucks and stick with Tomo's.笑
I give the Blue Flame and California rolls two thumbs UP!!!  So So Good!!!  I could have eat'n two orders by myself. Yum-O笑
This a pretty good sushi experience. The  west valley doesn't do very well in the sushi department, but we keep trying. The sushi was fresh and nicely presented, the chirachi was good although I did not care for the mix of "left over" crab, shrimp, fish mayonnaise chirachi mixture.....this is not traditional chirachi fish. The miso soup was terrible, water with green onions essentially, and the crab sunomono salad had no TLC, shredded cucumber and chunks of crab with a "splash" of vinegar. The hamachi kana was good. We will go back but avoid those things that were not up to par!笑
Been coming here for ever
Great rolls and always take care of us with a special request sauce receipt I brought from LA
Service is great, excellent prices笑
They use really cheap quality salads.  The place is a good example of quantity over quality.  All the rolls are gigantic but aren't too tasty.  Presentation also below average.笑
This place is very good when it comes to quality, quantity, and price. Compared to many of the other sushi joints on the West side of town. I love ordering their Spicy Yellow Tail, Dynamite Salad, and Tako Yaki Balls.... did I mention they all happen to be on the hour hour menu?! Their happy hour menu is pretty huge and can satisfy your, fresh/raw or savory/cooked cravings. Not only is their sushi great, but their entrees as well. Happy Hour here isn't the standard Mon-Thurs. I don't know the exact days or times, but I know for sure its all day Sunday!!笑
Didn't even a knowledge me and my family and then said they were going to close in 20mins and that we should come back later.  Fuck this place!!笑
Very good ambiance. Nice servers . Yummy food. Not crowded. Big servings. fast service. Sushi sashimi are good. Highly recommeded place笑
Just bad.  How anyone could give this place a good review is beyond my comprehension.  They must have never had good sushi in their lives.  Dirty restaurant.   Bad service and worse sushi.  Should have listened to my gut feeling and walked out.笑
We have been here many times and the food and service are always good.  The prices are reasonable.  My wife and kids love the sushi.笑
I finally move away from the West Valley and the coolest sushi joint opens up!

I come out every now and then for the reverse happy hour because its is cheap! Everything is less than $5 and the sake bomber is $6.50. Not bad. 

What did I eat tonight?
- Blue Flame roll
- Baked mussels
- Japanese Dynamite salad
- Spicy tuna roll
- Spicy Salmon roll
- Salmon Skin roll

I really like the friendly staff, I wish there were more to move the service along but that is really my only complaint. The food was amazing and done right. The fish was fresh and the rolls and I love the pickled ginger. Not that fake pink stuff.. the real deal. So fresh.笑
Awesome atmosphere, awesome prices and awesome food.  I love this place. They are very accommodating whether you have children or its just date night. The people who work here are very happy and enjoy it. My husband & I love it!!笑
The food is incredible.

The staff is TERRIBLE.  
1. Our appetizers came towards the end of the meal.
2. We had to hunt down service if we wanted a refill or anything
3. For some reason they would not even look at or ask my spouse if he wanted anything.  I kept having to hunt them down. And they would only address me, not him.
4. They tried to pass off coors light as Kirin.  The first 2 beers were in bottles and when asked for a 3rd, they said the keg needed to be changed.  Wait, what?  Then they brought out a beer that tasted suspiciously like coors light.

So, to go food, yeah.  But avoid the restaurant.笑
I want to start off, this was our go to spot, we live nearby and have told many people about this spot, all of them loved it as much as we have.  Also, I NEVER give bad reviews or even complain about service.  Something happened here.  We arrived at 5:35, waitress came just shy of happy hour ending at 6 to take our drink order.  She brought us our drinks and took our sushi order.  We finished our drinks around 6:15, around 6:40 I had asked the girl that seats people/cleans tables if she could send our waitress over to get us additional drinks. The girl brought our drinks herself and said they were just busy, I cancelled our edamame order at this time as I was certain our sushi was going to be out any second.  Our spicy tuna roll came out with no plates, soy, or little dishes to mix the soy and wasabi in.  Same girl brought us plates and soy but told us all the little dishes were dirty, we mixed the soy and creamy? Wasabi on our plates.  While we are waiting for our food we see our waitress bring a rainbow roll (which was part of our order) to a table that had gotten there about 30-45 mins after we ordered, she knew them quite well and had been conversing with them.  About ten minutes passed and our waitress (first we have seen her at our table since first drink delivery an hour ago) brings us our edamame to which I again said, no thank you.  She asked if we still wanted our sushi to which I replied yes if it's coming soon.  Our table neighbors laugh with us and say we heard you cancel that a while ago.  We finally receive the remaining 2/3 rolls about 1:20 mins after we arrive, we eat them and patiently wait for our bill.  While waiting our waitress brings out our first spicy tuna roll (xtra spicy like we ordered... I laugh and say we already ate one (not xtra spicy)... between waiting for our bill, giving our CC, and then waiting for our credit card to return was another 15 mins.  This is just crazy, no matter what the day, what the special.  This is a very small restaurant, if food was taking a long time, no worries, keep the drinks coming, I'm a happy camper and completely understanding.  Completely ignore me and make us wait forever, I have to assume the worst for the restaurant.  To make sure, I even asked the girl that does everything but take orders, "are you guys short staffed tonight?" To which she replied no, it's just Friday.  The good news. We really enjoyed having a good laugh with our table neighbor who experienced equally terrible service, it really became comical between the two of our tables by the end of it.  It breaks my heart, but I will not be returning to this place, and I imagine every one else outside suffering right along with us there tonight shares in our dismay.笑
I love this place! Having visited about every sushi restaurant in the west valley I've happily found the best one. The sushi is super fresh and the happy hour prices are amazing. My husband and I go here on date days, date nights, date lunches, date everything, you get the picture. Sometimes i go alone, order two rolls and sit and read my Kindle for an hour. Pure quiet, peaceful and yummy heaven. I also meet girlfriends for happy hours here, especially when it's not too AZ awful blazing hot out yet and you can sit on the patio. The service at tables is okay- sometimes very attentive and sometimes pretty poor (absent and can't get their attention). Also they used to have GF soy sauce and now don't and should seriously invest in a bottle or two again (and not look at me like a good when I mention they used to have it and I've been going there for years). If I'm feeling leisurely I sit at a table and know what I'm in for service-wise as far as slower pace and needing to ask for a server if needed. No worries. The fresh food more than makes up for a leisurely pace and the plus side is that you are never rushed or made to feel unwelcome if you linger. The great service happens when you sidle up to the sushi bar. The sushi chefs are friendly, attentive, pleasant and the sushi comes out super fast there. Once you go a few times they recognize you and even remember what you like when you add, detract or customize orders. Nice touch and they can be my "Cheers" restaurant any day. As far as favorites the following rolls are amazing- Kodiak, Las Vegas, Alaskan, spicy tuna, spicy salmon with extra jalapeño, as well as Tamago, cucumber rolls and Caterpillar. I have to eat GF and they easily and pleasantly accommodate and I'm grateful for that. My husband loves their miso soup and seaweed salad. The lychee martinis are amazing and also typically at happy hour prices.  I can't rave enough about this place. Amazing food, fresh fresh fresh and simply superb!笑
Was second on the list and waited an hour only to watch other people who showed up after us be seated first.  Ended up leaving.  One star only because I can't give zero stars.笑
Came here for happy hour 4-6. Our server Matt did an excellent job. Quick service. Great sushi. Great sake. Great service. 5 stars.笑
After our revisit back in 2011 we've actually started visiting Akai Hana at least twice a month. We sit at the bar every time and the Sushi Chef's recognize us when we come in. Without drinks, we typically pay between $25-30 pre-tip for a filling meal. For Sushi that is an excellent deal, and the food is of high quality.

We've been to every Sushi place within a 10 mile radius and none of them come close to comparing. Our friends who visit us say it's better quality than the two letter restaurant on the other side of town.

The service staff can get overwhelmed at times, especially when the place gets packed during happy hour, but it doesn't bother us much as we're there enjoying ourselves and having a good time. All our food comes from the bar so the only thing that slows is the beer that is getting refilled. The chefs are great and always have a smile on their face.

Happy Hour the place gets packed, especially later in the week. This is a great sign because it means people enjoy it and the food is getting rotated. If you go into a Sushi place and it's dead during primetime.....that's a sign to get out.笑
We love this sushi place! They have the best cucumber salad in town and great happy hour prices and selection. Try the Las Vegas roll-- so good!笑
I haven't been here for their happy hour yet but the few times I have I've enjoyed it. Sushi selection is great. My 6yr old doesn't eat sushi but he enjoys the rice bowls and soup.  Prices are reasonable as well.笑
Always fresh ingredients and great happy hour. I love their salmon skin roll. I don't think any other place can beat their salmon skin. Service is meh, wish they were a little nicer but always a little cold.笑
This spot was my favorite sushi place in the West Valley.  The sushi here is great and the staff is friendly. Most of my out of town guests even my pickiest of friends loved it. The only complaint is that sometimes the servers are overwhelmed on the weekends and I don't get refills on my drinks on those days. They need to hire more staff for the busy weekends...this place is always packed with customers. I will eat here everytime I come back to town even without the refills on drinks the Las Vegas roll is awesome !笑
I only eat the FISH, no rolls. The fish is fresh and very high quality. The place is comfortable and the service is friendly. I recommend this sushi bar to anyone who likes UNI, the urchin is very good too. One of the west sides best!笑
This is my favorite place for sushi! Heck,this is my ONLY place for sushi.  Japanese Dynamite Salad, Salmon Stack and Vegas Roll are must haves! Make sure to try one of their awesome desserts. Best Happy Hour prices ever. Friendly staff.  Their iced green tea is the best.笑
First time: food quality was awesome. Clean place. Went on a friday evening, super busy. The only reason why i dont give 5 stars is because they were so busy and had very little staff which took them forever to refill my drink and get my check. Besides that, everything was great and my waittress was very helpful.笑
I have friends who have raved about this place over and over and I finally went with them to try it out for myself. Turns out...I love my friends, but they have not-so-good taste in especially well done sushi. 

If you've read some of the other sushi reviews, I judge a place on their spicy tuna rolls. To me, this is something any decent sushi restaurant can do well. But if it's tasteless, such as Akai Hana's version, I know right then and there it won't be high on my list of favorites. 

I tried the Blue Flame roll (highly recommended by the friends) and while it was a decent roll, I was extremely put off by the fake crab they used. The other was one I can't remember the name for, but it had cilantro on top of it. I loved the unique flavor it gave to the roll (I want to say this one had tuna), but it still wasn't quite flavorful enough.  

With all the fun named rolls this place has, I was sad to see that it wasn't something I plan to add to my list of go to spots for some super tasty sushi. I'd rather go to Ah Hai on Cotton Lane.笑
Best place for sushi fast friendly service!!! I can always count on great authentic tasting food thank God it's local. You'll love this place笑
I went there with a group of ladies, to celebrate one of my friend's birthdays. That means, separate check.
While we were waiting for our whole group to arrive, we were seated outside, it was about 8pm, the weather was nice, so we were enjoying ourselves, while we were drinking iced tea. 
When everybody was there, our waitress, whom wasn't very friendly, asked just out right if it was going to be one single check or separate checks. We said separate checks, she sighed loudly, and made a face, saying that it was going to be a headache to do that, to our astonishment. She didn't wait to be inside the kitchen to express her disappointment about, she was just blatantly rude about it. So we were left in an awkward position right there.
We all ordered the Blue Flame, apparently is the popular one, I also ordered the Vegas Roll, because I like it everywhere else I go to eat sushi.
Well, needles to say, our glasses were not refilled promptly, our waitress was not making the rounds very often to see how we were doing, even though the place inside was empty, they only had one other table with 4 tops.
The Blue flame was ok, not bad. But the Vegas Roll, I didn't recognized it. It wasn't bad, it was just... meh!
We were all charged 18% gratuity, of course, and I was left with a very bad taste in my mouth, bad service, mediocre food. Not my first choice, or second, or third.笑
Came here for HH on a Friday night with my sis and her family.  Everyone was happy and satisfied when we left.  I was greeted as soon as I walked in the door.   and found my family.  It is a small place, but the service and the food was good.

1.  Chicken Teriyaki - Grilled chicken with sauce
2.  Chicken Tatsuta - Deep fried chicken marinated in garlic and ginger

The HH menus are a great value!!!  Get here early,  because the tables fill up fast!!!笑
My family and I have been going to dinner almost weekly at this restaurant for at least 8 months. Tonight we went there with our neighbors and I don't think I have had this poor of service pretty much ever. 

We got there around 7 and it was not too crowded. Got a table right away. We had our sushi order filled out and it took at least 10 minutes for our server to take it.   She came over and said that there had been a mix up with someone else's to go order and she personally had to handle it. Then, we had ordered appetizers, one of which was edamame. It took closer to a half hour to get these. One of our party got all his sushi at once and three of us basically watched him finish his meal before one more small roll arrived. Got our main roll maybe 15 minutes after that. While we were waiting a large party came in and was on the patio and from that point on, our server was non-existent and started giving us excuses about how she personally had to handle this group. Seriously?  They were, according to their shirts, a group of sober bikers and they were so quiet in the patio we couldn't even hear them and we were sitting by the door. The staff was running out there frequently with drinks and sushi and we couldn't even get a drink refill. Apparently the bikers were not getting great service despite this because we watched one of their party come in and procure a stack of chopsticks, forks and plates and take them to the group. 

My neighbor waited at least a solid hour for her roll and all this time I was waiting for one order of nigiri sushi. They brought me a sashimi but that's not what I ordered. I asked about three times about it and after about 20 minutes I told my husband to forget it and just get the check. The server came over and told us she had already taken it off the bill--so basically they decided I was not going to get the sushi I had ordered almost two hours before. Obviously if you're a large group, you get preference over loyal customers who have been there longer and have waited a ridiculous amount of time for their food.

I had to step outside because the anxiety of this experience was starting to get to me. When the rest of my group got to the car they informed me that the comment card in the bill came pre-filled out with a positive review. The only positive thing I can say is we positively don't want to go back.笑
Out in West Valley from Denver for the week. Was thinking there was no way to find good sushi in desert. Was I wrong. The food here was very good, had a large variety of sashimi and nigiri. There Nigiri was very diverse with many options over 20 rolls. I highly recommend the sashimi, nice portion sizes and great quality. Talk to the server very helpful in letting us know what was best (freshest) fish. The night we were in, yellow tail and tuna was best. Great service and a quaint atmosphere. Great Find!笑
Since moving to the west Valley I can't find a restaurant because people give these great reviews and this was place was one of them. The menu's were falling apart, the sushi was mush and the service was bad....笑
Wow! I've been going to the same sushi place in the Phoenix area for the past 6 years because it's the only legitimately delicious sushi place I found in this desert city...until tonight. Was in the Goodyear area and wanted sushi, but most places had crappy reviews, until YELP reviewers led me to this phenomenal establishment. I am both excited but sad to say that I have now found a new favorite sushi place... The Atkins roll was like nothing I've ever experienced before! I can't wait to come back!笑
The food is wonderful and the prices are great. But the service is lousy. Had to ask for everything because our waitress ignored us after she brought our first drink. Also the staff lied to me about the beer they served me. I had a Kirin in a bottle. The brought me another "Kirin" supposedly on draft. Not even close! The difference was like the difference between lemonade and milk: obvious. But they tried to sell it as, a Kirin even when I told them it was obviously something different. The non Japanese beer on their menu isn't even a beer at all; it is O'Douls. So they brought me an O'Douls.......never going back.笑
We tried them all from Surprise to Peoria. This place in Goodyear is the best. They actually have good rolls on the happy hour unlike other places that put the Welfare rolls on the happy hour menu . Try this place and you won't be disappointed!
update, the Sushi Chef named Summer isn't there any longer. So it may suck now. Lol笑
Being born and raised in Japan (military family), finding a Japanese place up to par can sometimes be difficult in Arizona. Akai Hana has easily become my go to place for Japanese food. I probably go at least once a week to eat here and I bring a new friend or family here each time. This place is priced right and makes quality sushi. What I love about this place is most hours in which I go here at turns out to be happy hour or both happy hour and lunch time!
This place has a lot of different sushi roll options which are displayed all around the restaurant, and each one unique in flavor and delicious in their own right. However, the item that I cannot resist ordering everytime is the takoyaki (octopus ball). Essentially takoyaki is a traditional Japanese festival food that is octopus covered in a type of pancake in bite sized balls, in okonomiyaki sauce and topped with bonito flakes. If you go here, you have to try it because it is one of the very few places that offer them.
All standard nigiri and sashimi are offered as well and are very good, but may not stand out too much from the crowd. Still, great quality for a good price.笑
Tienen rollos realmente originales, me gusta mucho aunque es un lugar pequeño. El rollo de sushi My Darling is amazing  and originals!笑
The yellow tail and spicy tuna are excellent.  The Japanese Dynamite Salad was watery.  Overall an excellent lunch experience.笑
Food is great. I have never been disappointed. This place is one of my favorites in the west valley. I am usually here at least 3 times a month, but let's be honest, I have eaten here 3 times in a week. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because of the service. It can be very hit and miss (more often hit than miss...but it's getting better). Even when the service isn't that great, I can say they are always very kind. Good food and friendly faces is a plus in my books! (My fave go to is the rainbow roll with soy paper and garlic ponzu). Oh! And you can't beat their happy hour which has a HUGE menu!笑
We came during happy hour 8-10pm on a Saturday.  Reviews are dead on for this place. Wait staff was a bit inattentive, but was nice and food was served fast.  Four stars because the food was excellent!  It was also inexpensive. We had a salad and four different rolls.  The bill was $26!!!   All the rolls were beyond our expectations and when the bill came we could jump for joy!  This place is definitely worth checking out.  Cravable sushi.  I recommend the kodiak roll (that rocked), an el pollo roll-- also yummy!!笑
My boyfriend and I just tried this place on Wednesday and it was great! We had the calamari, edamame, a spicy tuna roll, a baja roll, and another roll that I cannot remember the name of that was delicious!

He didn't care for the edamame and neither of us thought that the calamari was great, but all 3 of the rolls that we ordered were great! The staff was also very nice, and made us feel welcome. Also, we thought that the prices were less expensive than other sushi places that we liked, but without a compromise in quality.笑
The food here is really good no complaint there! My only issue is that every time I've gone in it has taken almost 10 minutes to be asked what we wanted to drink! It's hot in Arizona!笑
Best sushi in town! I have been to other sushi restaurants and nothing compares to Akai Hana. Very fresh tasting fish and a wide variety of choices. If you go to Happy Hour, get there early because they get very busy, for a good reason. They have a friendly staff and great atmosphere. If you are in Goodyear, there is no question that you should try this place!笑
We were excited to come here. What a disappointment. We ordered a apple sakitini long and Island for drinks. They only brought the sakitini. All of our dinners came out but still waiting on the appetizer in the soup we ordered. We cancled the soup and monkey balls because we got our food first. 

Food was good笑
This is a review that was needed after many weekly visits at this location. This is my go to for sushi and Japanese chicken curry. The main thing to point out is how traditional and polite the staff is, especially the sushi chefs. They have 2 televisions which usually have sports channels on which is a plus. The happy hour has great choices at amazing prices. But they also have many different types of sushi rolls posted around the walls of the restaurant. The place is small but comfortable and is a nice environment. What I would recommend is my usual which is the half dynamite salad, which is an assortment of different types of fish with a tangy sauce and strings of cucumber. And also the Japanese curry which you can have either chicken or pork Katsu. All in all I will be here as often as I already am!笑
My bf and I go here for date night, it's the freshest and best tasting sushi spot on the west side with reasonable prices! I love everything I've eaten here especially the rainbow roll. My bf enjoys the Japanese curry with chicken. Our go to spot! They could use more staff though because they're always busy and understaffed, need more waiters but all the waiters I've had so far are great.笑
Fresh unique amazing Japanese food, seriously everything here is just perfect, service is always friendly and fast, has great happy hour deals I come here at least once or twice every week. My favorite roll is the Rainbow sushi roll but all the other ones are pretty good too. I'd recommend this place if you want to get good sushi and good prices !!!笑
Great happy hour price!  We came in during lunch time on Saturday, didn't know but they said it was happy hour! Lots of food were on the happy hour menu and they were very good price. Since the revised happy hours were not listed on the menu, I am not sure when exactly the happy hour is...

I tried their shio ramen (recently added, $5.95 during happy hour), gyoza and spicy yellow tail rolls. 

Shio ramen wasn't the best I had but it wasn't the worst I had either. Good texture of noodle, very hot soup. I wish they didn't add some ingredients on ramen (such as deep fried imitation crabs, under cooked onions).

Gyoza was deep fried. Tasted too much pepper. I would have preferred pan fried gyoza from a Japanese restaurant.  One order came with four gyoza and it was only $2.95 during happy hour.

Spicy yellow tail rolls was not too bad at all. I think it was around $5.00 (happy hour price). It was moderately spicy.

They have interesting deserts on the menu but after eating three dishes, I was quite full.

Sushi chef and a server spoke Japanese to us, so we expected more for the food.  We thought of this place 3.5 stars.  They have quite extensive menu and great happy hour price. If I am in the area, and if it happens to be during the happy hour, this is a good option to have.笑
I'm sad because I love the food here, but we just won't go because the service is horrendous. Avoid the patio at all costs. It's a great spot to sit outside but the last three times we sat outside we had horrible or nonexistent service. It doesn't matter if the restaurant is busy or slow. One time we just left after waiting for almost 15 minutes for anyone to take a drink order or at least tell us they'd be right with us. There were only a few tables so it wasn't because they were busy.笑
Very disappointed, been coming here for a year and the service has been getting slower and slower.  That did not bother me till today, walked in with my kids, wife, and father.  6 others walked in after us.  All of the customers that walked in after us had orders taken and drinks delivered and nobody even bothered to ask us for a drink order.  My guess is the kids are to much of a hassle since we were the only family.  We left, on the way out we passed the waitress that had served us every time we came and she didn't even attempt to see what the problem was, not impressed!笑
While I appreciate the addition of a sushi restaurant out here in Goodyear, I must say that I'd just rather drive to Westgate and eat at Be Sushi if I want sushi. 

My husband and I dropped in for a quick dinner the other day before grocery shopping. He can't eat much fish at all, so he ordered some gyoza and a tempura shrimp roll. He enjoyed his food, but I tasted the gyoza and it was more deep fried than pan fried, which I did not like. 

I had the spicy tuna roll and the veggie tempura. The tuna roll was fine - not bad, but not notably good. The tempura was good, and I was surprised (and pleased) to find eggplant among the veggie-ness.

The water they served us was horrendous. I generally just like water with sushi, unless I am drinking a beer (which I wasn't in the mood for that night). I had to order an iced-tea to get the horrible taste of the water out of my mouth.

The only other criticism I have for the place is that their servingware looks like, well, hand-me-downs. I kept thinking, 'Didn't this place just recently open?' It had that "hole-in-the-wall" feel inside that is only quaint to me when the place A) has been around forever and B) is the most delicious thing ever. 

So, to quote Yelp, "Meh. I've experienced better."笑
Since moving here from New York last August we have been looking for a sushi place comparable to one of our favorites in NY. Well, the search is finally over! This restaurant by far makes the best sushi anywhere in town! My 10yo son loves love loves the variety of rolls. Favorite so far is Blue Flame. I love the Las Vegas roll. American Dream is great. Butter Me Up another delicious roll. So many!! You must go to Akai Hana!!! You will not be disappointed. The food is authentic and fresh.笑
My favorite little sushi joint! Always fresh and friendly...perfection!  My favorite order is an asparagus roll and salmon sashimi...yum!笑
i loved the food. some of the best sushi i have had. service was excellent!!! i will definitely go back for more!! :-)笑
The sushi is good. The cooked dishes are good. The service is impeccable. They are friendly and they remember a familiar face. Kids enjoy the Japanese soda pop with the marble.  New item in menu hibashi grill dishes for less than other places around town and taste just as good or better. Only they ask for $2 fried rice though it was delicious.笑
I'm not a fan of sushi in general, but there are a few things I will eat, as long as it's chicken or salmon... and cooked. That being said, my review doesn't necessarily hold any weight, but I just wanted to give props to the Happy Hour crew for tolerating my coworkers and me on a random ladies night out! Special shout-out to the Las Vegas Rolls for being as scrumptious as the menu described. :)笑
Best sushi I have in Goodyear, AZ thus far. It is a bit pricey, but the quality and taste are on point. I would recommend to others笑
This place actually use to be one of my favorite spots to visit when I was in town, but the last couple times I have visited during the summer have been really disappointing. The quality of sushi doesn't taste the same anymore and the dynamite salad is no where near to what it use to be. They do offer a great happy hour menu, but if you go during the weekday for lunchtime I believe on Tuesday thru Thursday there is only one server. For the amount of people that visit during this time they should have more staff, especially since it was a full house when I was there. It pains me to say this, but if your looking for better quality and service save your money and go elsewhere.笑
Terrible service even though the food is decent. My phone was also stolen here tonight. Not sure this is a family place like it used to be.笑
I've been to this place several times over the past month now and as far as Sushi experience i'm very happy. Let me first point out that I love the reverse happy hour that they do between 8pm-10pm. Prices on meals are incredibly cheap. My wife and I usually end up getting out the door with a few plates and drinks for 25 bucks. The pricing I think is wonderful.

The service is also excellent. It's usually not long even with a packed restaurant to get your food. Service seems to be very attentive my drink gets near 1/4 and the server is around to check if I want a refill and need anything. They take plates as you finish them and im not left piling them up at the side of the table hoping someone will pick them up like at other restaurants.

Overall i've been happy with just about every dish from this place. I don't claim to be a Sushi expert, but no dish thus far has been distasteful or of poor quality. I really like the crab rangoons for an appetizer, and the blue flame and golden Buddha are great. 

Overall i'm very happy with this restaurant and I enjoy my experiences here each time that I go.笑
I heard from my cousin that the fish here is the freshest around. She was right! It was delicious and Fresh. 

My boyfriend and I came on a Wednesday afternoon for the 4-6 happy hour. I was pleasantly surprised at their large happy hour selection of sushi and appetizers. However the rolls I ordered were not on the happy hour menu but the beer was. I order the Baja and the butter me up roll, both without cucumber because I for some reason despise cucumber with a passion of a thousand burning suns. My boyfriend ordered the Rainbow Roll with spicy mayo and the Hollywood roll. presentation was excellent and so was the taste for all 4 rolls. The service was friendly but the sushi took a little while but it was well worth the wait. I will definitely be back here again soon. I know it gets crazy busy on the weekends so I will let you know if the service or quality lacks when and if I come during that time. I took pictures of all four rolls we ordered since there are not a lot on yelp for this place.笑
Favorite sushi place. Was greeted immediately. Sat at the sushi bar with my daughter, our order was taken immediately. Started with the Dynamite cucumber salad with albacore, love that they accommodate my request .  My daughter ordered her California and shrimp tempura roll and really loves the size and taste. Did I mention it's happy hour during lunch? Prices for her rolls are 3.25/5.75 and 5.75 for the dynamite salad. Will continue to come back.笑
I'm not really a big fan of sushi unless it's cooked. Out of all the sushi spot here in our area this seem to be the best spot. Reasonable prices and pretty good sushi. 

I don't recall much since its been over a few months since I last ate there. Note to self Yelp immediately after the experience!

I do know this place gets very busy at night and weekends so be prepare to wait or come off peak hours to avoid the crowd.笑
We usually go to another sushi place every week, but we thought we'd give this place a try, since our friends love it. The service was good, they have a large menu, but 2 of the sushi rolls we got where okay and the other one was awful. We didn't make a big deal about not liking the third roll, but the sushi chef was kind enough to remove it from the bill. Maybe we'll try it again down the road, but for now we'll have to pass.笑
We do sushi everywhere we go when traveling. Tried sushi throughout the valley also. High end and just good sushi places. 

I think Akai Hana is the best in the valley. Some of the best prices and Mr. Sushi will make you just about anything you ask for. The rolls on the walls are usually customer created from my understanding. There are some great options that customers have come up. Specials change all the time. 

Happy Hour is excellent with a huge selection of rolls, salads, apps and drinks. Best in valley for sure. 

Even regular priced rolls are very good and reasonably priced. 

I can't recommend it enough.

He owns a place in Phoenix on I-17 and Northern also ... called Akai Hana, too. Been in valley over 20 years I think they said.笑
Best sushi place in Phoenix! Love eating here! We are frequent dinners. Really remarkable! Now, the bad part... Some of the rolls are not good toy or any of my friends pallets. I believe they are guest designed, the bad ones I mean. The worst was named correctly ' the mistake'. However 90% of the menu seems to be spot on. A must if you like Japanese food and are in the area! Itadakimasu!笑
Tastiest and most affordable sushi in town.
Want a meal you will never forget?
Start with a Dynamite cucmber salad (half size)
Order the following: Butter Me Up Roll, Marc Roll, Baked Scallop Roll, and any roll topped with eel. Ask for a side of eel sauce to add character to any dish.
Ask about their happy hour sushi menu.
Why not 5 stars? The food is delicious, sometimes they could use some help keeping up with all the satisfied customers.笑
This place is marginally a-ok. The service was pathetic, we had to ask for water, napkins, and our bill. The waiter was either a newbie or had his mind elsewhere. The sushi was average, had better and had worse. Probably won't be rushing back to this place, need to try a few other restaurants in the area. Best food were the jalapeno poppers, the Las Vegas Roll and the Seasoned Seaweed.笑
I went during their happy hour and really enjoyed it.  They have a a ton of different varieties, the sushi is fresh and light tasting.  The ambiance is inviting, the happy hour prices are very reasonable, and the servers are attentive.  This will definitely become one of my new favorite dinner spots.笑
We love this place!! So good! The D-Back roll is to die for. Blue Flame. Spicy Tuna. We always come back! Will be sad when we move away.笑
If you're looking for good quality sushi with affordable prices then this is definitely the place! I've been going here for almost 3 years and never had a bad experience. Servers and sushi chef are all really friendly and attentive. 

I love that they have drawings and description of the sushi all over the walls, it's very cute and a lot more fun too look at then the menu :)

HIGHLY RECOMMENDED TO EVERYONE笑
My husband and I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.  We're from California and we eat sushi a lot when we were there.  When we moved to AZ 7 years ago we were in a hunt for some good sushi,  I work in Glendale and some sushi places there were ok but Akai Hana is for me the best.  If you love raw fish, fresh with a great service, great price on happy hour and great atmosphere, I say this is the place.  We will be coming back every other week - that's how much we love this place.  We sit at the bar all the time and the sushi chefs are very friendly. Try the rainbow roll to taste the different kind of raw fish it's so good.  Scotts Snowbird is my other favorite.

Arigato!笑
Wow!  I am really surprised by the luke warm reviews, We LOVE this place.  We moved from Hawaii a year ago, and miss fresh sushi, luckly we found Akai Hana!  We love the Japanese Firecracker Salad, & the soft shell crab handroll.  The service is friendly and fast!  To all you haters, stay away more for us!!!!笑
The service was slow, but it's no wonder - Happy Hour and they have one server! This poor woman was running every where.  She truly did her best and got everything to us correctly.  Unfortunately this was the second time dining here and the second time I was let down. I just find the food very bland - even my 10 year son noticed that our food was tasteless. I won't be giving it a third chance.笑
I only visit Akai Hana when I am in town visiting a friend.  To be honest, this little gem is one of the reasons why I love visiting her so much!

Akai Hana has a great happy hour with very good deals, a decent selection of sushi and hot appetizers.  The rolls and sushi are abundant and fresh.  I suggest the Las Vegas roll: it's spicy and cream-cheesy.  

The staff is friendly and efficient.  A definite bonus.笑
Great sushi and happy hour prices make this place even more enjoyable. The service can get a little slow when this place gets busy but otherwise we have always received friendly and helpful service.笑
This is our first time here and it was busy for 8:30pm on a Sunday evening but we were seated right away and ordered quickly as they close at 9. We sat at the bar and enjoyed watching them make our rolls. This place is spot on for happy hour. Great food, great price and atmosphere made this family event awesome.笑
It was a little crazy at first... when we walked in, we weren't greeted so weren't sure if we were to just find a seat or what... we decided to sit at the bar and then it took a while for someone to hand us a menu and get our drinks. We were impressed with the amount of sashimi we got for the price!  Would definitely go back.  Atmosphere is super casual and the rolls were really good.笑
This place is amazing! If I could give more stars I would!!! Best sushi in the valley that I've tried so far!笑
Good effort, great service, sushi was average.  I got the vegetable roll, asparagus roll amd the yaki soba vegetable stir fry. Rice had good texture and was flavored well, rolls couldve been rolled tighter but all in all not bad. The yaki soba i felt was overpriced for the size but it had good flavor just a little too much oil.

My husband had the spicy tuna which was his favorite out of everything. Most places chop the tuna into mush but this place left nice big chunks to mix with creamy spicy sauce which he applauded and devoured. The other rolls he ordered were a bit too rich  with all the mayo and fried items mixed in together. The volcano (todd roll) roll was a big disappointment with more orange slices than roll for $15. There was not even rice in it which is boggling to call it a roll if theres no rice. 

The atmosphere was mostly nice aside from sitting right in front of the patio entrance where the first thing you see is a bench covered with kitchen equipment and waste buckets, kinda dampered the ambience.

All in all had a good time, very nice people there but food was not special enough to come back for.笑
Ever since moving from Okinawa Japan to Goodyear Arizona(Yes a huge move) I have been looking for quality sushi that best comes to the real deal. I found Akai Hana about a year and a half ago and it is the best Sushi place around. I go in at least 1-2 times a month and each time get great quality service from their staff.

The food is delicious and I keep going back, Happy hour is the busiest for obvious reasons, at times we have had to wait a bit for the orders but it is worth it for the food and price you get it at. Even if you do not like sushi, they menu is quite extensive and like the sushi it is all great.笑
I have asked a lot of questions of folks about sushi so I know what I should be looking for when I order. From what I read on it the rice should be packed well so it holds together.

I ordered a Philly roll and a shrimp sushi along with a bento box that contained chicken teriyaki, shrimp and veggie tempura, salad and a California roll. It came with miso soup. 

You might guess from my above statement on the rolls the rice did not hold together the whole thing fell apart. But I ate it and I could not really decide if it had flavour. The shrimp seemed to me rather rubbery. 
The tempura was fairly heavy and I prefer a very light version and the veggies were not as crisp as I like. The shrimp tempura was all batter and no real shrimp flavour. I really liked the salad, very crisp and a good dressing. The chicken teriyaki was very tender and quite flavourful, while the miso soup was fine but it bit more like a chicken broth than a miso. This came in at 19 bucks and change.

This is a new store very close to my home yet I am not sure if I will be back. I mean it was ok, but did not grab me.

Oh the young lady serving me was very pleasant. As was the older woman who took the money.笑
Food was good, but it's almost as if none of the staff has any idea how to treat customers. We were seated after about 10 minutes at the door, and two tables who were seated after us were waited before us?! Really?!

Do yourself a favor and give your business to Uni in Surprise.笑
Best Sushi place in Arizona. I love it more than Kabuki.. it taste better than anything Ahso has to offer.. hmm it also beats TOMO AND the price is just right. My boyfriend and I come here all the time. Maybe twice a week, I even remember a time coming three times a week. We've only has sushi here so... here it goes. The spicy yellow tail is to die for if you like raw fish. I LOVE the dynamite salad filled with fresh cucumber and salmon, and octupus. yummmmy... The pollo locco is SO amazing and pretty-looking. Hmm. the blue flame was great. the spicy tuna was spicy and yummy. Their california rolls ARE HUGE.  I haven't been dissatisfied with the food AT ALL. The service may sometimes SUCK but it's A-Okay with me. Give this place a try you wont regret it. Happy hour is the best here. I don't know why this place has a lower rating then expected. you must try this place!笑
This place is great. Service is always good and the food and sushi is great. You get a lot of food for what you pay. If your in the mood for sushi in the west valley this is the place to come.笑
The sushi is amazing and fresh! The salad with Caesar Sesame dressing! Amazing. Good service and nice atmosphere. Casual. Great weekend lunch deals til 4!!!!

Great for a group of friends or just a lunch/dinner date!笑
I love this place!! Of all the sushi places in town it feels most like an authentic sushi spot. I'm all about hole in the wall palaces, family owned, and great quality good. This is definitely what it feels like. (All three) I also have a friend who is Vietnamese and she herself told me this was the most authentic spot in town for sushi/ Asian food. Definitely check this place out for some good sushi!笑
Amazing happy hour! Best selection and totally affordable. Their blue flame and Las Vegas roll are delicious!!!!笑
Amazing sushi and apps that tasted very fresh...and I am picky about sushi. Incredible value and service. Great big patio and good HH.笑
Been going here for a while now.  I think my fiance and I are battling it out for the Duke/ Dutchess crown for check-ins.  

The times we usually dine here are during happy hour/ reverse happy hour because the menu has a wide selection of some of their popular sushi rolls to their appetizer.  The prices are great for their happy hour menu.  I did notice when we went there last night that they raised some of the prices on the happy hour menu.

We would normally order off the happy hour menu but decided to try something different.  We tried two rolls from the wall menu and now it has become our favorite rolls.  My fiance got the triple S and I got the Scott Snowbird.  (Look at the north wall menu when you're in there)

Service is always great when we go, whether it's with a party of 2 or a party of 15 people.  The waiters there are always on top of it.笑
The first time I went here, I don't recall being impressed... but almost a year later I've returned and had an excellent meal. Generous portions, great flavors.

This is my favorite west valley sushi bar now.笑
First of all, a substitute sushi chef is like a substitute teacher. That was our mistake. When the relatives wanted to take us to their favorite sushi restaurant and they didn't recognize the chef, it should have been a red flag (pun intended, since the restaurant's name means "Red Flower").

After that, the reliance on "seafood salad" as a filler was another sign that something was amiss. And maybe the chef is Atkins-leaning, for while the sushi fish portions were generous, the supporting rice was about half a thumb-sized. Balance, Grasshopper!

Everything was fresh and the place was clean. The hot sake was in a half-litre ceramic bottle at a very reasonable price. The waiter WAS apologetic when he came back to say the menu was wrong, after having been shown the difference between what we ordered and what the chef assembled, and did take it off the bill (well, we didn't eat it).

MAYBE it is ok the rest of the time. It IS an awfully long way out of town, plunked at the edge of new franchise ghettos. But the staff seemed authentic, but got too much wrong to get three stars. 

And every place with TVs automatically loses a star.笑
Not bad. Impressed for where I'm at in the country. Very nice server with the slight language barrier. Sure to be expected but make sure you get your order in right. I had a variety of items off the menu with family members tasting a bit of everything. Everything was pretty good and there really was no let down. They close for a short period after lunch until dinner but it's not too long. Plenty of parking and on nice days, there's patio seating to enjoy your meal outside.笑
I usually do not rate places this low. However, the service and food here was not great at all. We came here for lunch. After ordering our food, they brought everyone's else's in time, but mine. And all I ordered was a salmon roll and California roll! I waited over 20 mins for my ordered to be served. Ridiculous. A d on top of that the rolls were not great at all they were mushy, over spiced, not worth the wait. Definetely Not coming back.笑
Rated top 10 sushi for 2014.  This place is always on the "best rated" list. The food and services shows it. This is my favorite place in the valley to go for sushi.笑
I've been coming here for 8 years. Delicious and always fresh sushi not to mention the variety is terrific. Place is cute and cozy, never problems with parking. Oh and great happy hour! My favorite sushi place for sure!笑
The food was great but the service was horrendous, like close to the worst ever experienced. It literally took 45 min to get a simple seaweed salad and 1 hour 10 min to get my order. Other customers came, ate and left before I was served. Not sure what happened but someone really dropped the ball and didn't even notice or care.笑
This place has a great happy hour. The sushi rolls are big, well priced, and taste delicious. My favorite rolls are Blue flame, Golden Budda, Las Vegas, and Rainbow. Everyone I bring here loves the food. So far it's the best sushi that I have had in AZ.笑
In love w/ Japanese dynamite!!

The El Paso Roll is a must try, it's as scrumptious as my love who happens to be from El Paso!笑
Went a bit after happy hour with a few friends. The server was quite nice and helpful at first but he was a tad forgetful. I mentioned a sushi roll to my friend since it looked interesting (neither of us wanted to try it and told the server this) but he brought it out anyway. He did not charge us for it though so that was alright.

The main reasons for the low stars is that although the variety of sushi is great, they don't make it that well. Also the use of sesame seeds on top of every roll is unneeded. The soy sauce was bland and not the brand it said it was. Also when one of my friends was eating their sushi roll they found a bone in their yellow tail.

Not an experience I wish to repeat. The only reason they get 2 stars is because the server was quite nice about everything.笑
Very small corner restaurant. Pretty good sushi. The have happy hour and a reverse happy hour daily. Employees are friendly and will explain what is in the sushi.  We had no problems with drink refills, as soon as they saw it was half they were filling it up. My only problem is that the tables outside were a tad dirty, they stack dirty dishes on a bench outside on a bench, and on the inside the window sills looked like they were never cleaned. Little things like this make me question exactly how clean the kitchen is. I've come here a couple times and the food has always tasted good.笑
I really, really want to like this place, but.... 

I've been here twice, both times for happy hour, which by the way is totally cheap. 

The quality of the fish isn't all that great. I've had better. But, the staff was really nice and very attentive. I feel bad giving them this review, because they were just so sweet. 

I'd rather go to Blu Sushi in Litchfield Park. Their fish is fresh and delicious, but more expensive. 

Also, the second time I went, there were a ton of gnats everywhere.  I dunno why? Maybe a piece of fruit was left out and it attracted them? I hope one didn't get into my sushi and I swallowed it by accident! Ew!