I got an alert from yelp for this "hot new business" I'm so glad we checked it out. Their food is very good. You can taste the high quality steak and definitely worth the price. There's no fillers just fresh ingredients. We had the carne asada tacos and the coconut shrimp tacos and omg was soooo good. I'm super excited we finally have some GOOD Mexican food in surprise ;)Ǿ
Tried this because I saw it on uber eats. I'm so glad I found this place it was really good. The tacos have a lot of meat and are really good. Definely a must try!Ǿ
This is a great 0lace to go get street tacos in Surprise and the selection is great. They also have great burritos. My favorite is the surf and turf burrito. Definitely worth a try.Ǿ
We  came here on Tuesday for some tacos. We ordered the carne asada and carnitas and my wife ordered the pollo asado and coconut shrimp with mango pico De Gallo. These are by far the best tacos we had in the area EVER.We They have very good flavor and the green salsa is delicious. Definitely recommend this place.  The staff is awesome. Very clean place. I can't wait to come back. Two big thumbs upǾ
The food was tasty but not worth the price. I tried the Mulita with surf and turf. It was basically a small quesadilla made with small taco size corn tortillas. It was very tasty by pretty small for over $7. It doesn't come with anything for that price. I would go back if they lowered prices or offered more for what you pay.Ǿ
My husband and I went in last night and I have to say, this place isn't all that great. Nothing special, and just your run of the mill Mexican food. There's much better places in the area that can do "tacos" much better. I had the Fish Taco Friday special. Not only did they forget the chips that supposedly come with it, but the tacos were sooooo bland. I mean, basically the taco tasted just like corn and nothing else! My husband said his carne asada tacos were also very bland with not much flavor at all. And both of our tacos were TINY. For like $3+ each, we should be getting more than that. We won't be back.Ǿ
The food isn't bad but you don't get much bang for your buck. For about $20 I got a burrito and my bf got 2 tacos. They were rather small. We were both still hungry when we left. The burrito was supposed to have cheese and guacamole. I didn't find any cheese and I came across the tiniest smidge of guacamole at the very end. It was kind of bland, mostly potatoes, but the few pieces of steak were good.Ǿ
Went here for the first time on7/16/17. Place was bright and clean. Food was good but expensive for what you got. Ordered the shrimp cocktail but they were out of shrimp. Bill was $19.60 for a burrito and a steak quesadilla and 2 sodas. You place your order at the counter then help yourself with your beverage. Then you wait for your food to be prepared and have to go back to the counter to get your food.Ǿ
We ate here a couple of times already and everything we try on the menu is delicious. Everything is cooked to order. My favorite is the carnitas and the coconut shrimp taco. We just found out they started serving beans since so many customers asked about them myself included :) Very convenient since it's next door to where my husband and sons get their hair cut. Finally i have to add  their green salsa is the best I've ever had. 5-starsǾ
This place is new, it was the grand opening and I went in yesterday. The atmosphere is really nice, they had a live DJ and the place was nice and clean.

I ordered the chicken, steak, and pork. My favorite was the pork, or Carnitas, and then the steak. The chicken was good it just was not my favorite.

They also have this mango salsa that comes on the shrimp tacos that is to die for. I do not like shrimp so I put the mango salsa on my other tacos, and it was amazing. 

The people were very friendly and welcoming, I would definitely try this place out.Ǿ
Went here for the first time and it tasted like my grandma had made it. This is seriously some of the best Mexican food I've ever had and is way cheaper than filiburtos or anywhere else in the area. Definitely my new go to place for carne Asada tacosǾ
For the amount of money they charge here you would expect great Mexican food, unfortunately that's not the case. The carne asada burrito is not worth the $7 they charge. There are way better options then this place.Ǿ
Great fish tacos,  I recommend the blackened fish.  Very generous portions of fish in the tacos,  two are enough to fill you up. 

Simple menu,  reasonable prices and quality ingredients compared to other taco shops. Will definitely be returning.Ǿ
My wife and I went here on Saturday because it popped up on Yelp. We ordered 3 Tacos Each. I got a Coconut Shrimp, Carnitas, and a Carne Asada. The Coconut Shrimp Taco was hands down the best Shrimp Taco I've ever had. It was freshly cook, crispy, and had amazing flavor. The Carnitas was a close second. Excellent smokey flavor and really tender, not tough at all. The Carne Asada was ok. The pieces of meat were a little on the small side but they did put a lot in there so that was ok. The guy behind the counter was SUPER friendly and even gave us a card for $10 off our next Uber Eats. I will definitely be coming back here again.Ǿ
This is my new favorite place to eat. Friendly staff. The food was excellent. Everything is made to order and the taste is amazing. I had the coconut shrimp taco with the mango pico De Gallo and the carne asada. Both were so delicious. Very clean place. I'm glad we finally have real gourmet taco place  in Surprise. Yay!Ǿ
Delicious food! Excellent customer service and very fair prices. I want to eat here everyday!!Ǿ
When I got notified of this new place that opened up it was exciting. So I told my aunt and uncle it sounded like a good place to try out, and it has to be said we were not disappointed. The staff was very friendly. The environment was welcoming, and last but not least The food was great! If your looking for a new place to try out, stop looking and go here, tacos are amazingǾ
I gave it a shot and I'm not sure what was gourmet about this taco shop other than the name.  

Ordered two fish tacos and I really did appreciate the fact it was actually grilled fish and not some frozen fish stick like Rubio's.  It seemed that really good quality ingredients were used, hence 'gourmet', but I couldn't taste them. There wasn't much substance or flavor to the taco overall and it kind of small compared to equivalent places that I frequent for the same type of thing.  The main flavor shouldn't be a corn tortilla. 

Overall, the place was ok and a little on the pricey side for what you get.  Really nice staff, clean, and a decent location makes me want to give it another try.Ǿ
We were excited to hear about a taco shop opening close to home and decided to run over to get some this morning. The website said they opened at 8am, but they actually open at 10am. They may want to update their website as well as their Yelp page. My husband ordered three tacos (carne asada, fish and shrimp). All were bland. Hardly any flavor. The majority of the flavor came from the pico de gallo, and that wasn't even very flavorful. They served each taco in it's own full sized Styrofoam container. That would make sense if the tacos were huge or something, but they were small tacos on one tortilla that fell apart as you picked it up. And the paper they put it on just got stuck to the food so we were pulling shreds of paper out of our food. The shrimp taco was the best out of the three with a good flavor.

The worst part of all, for this gourmet taco shop, was my rolled tacos were frozen tacos that we can buy at the grocery store. We watched them be pulled out of a box and be heated up and topped with some pico de gallo and avocado. 

The shop was clean and in a good location. Knowing this shop is new with their grand opening just happening this weekend, I think we will give them a few months to iron out any issues and then try them again later.Ǿ
Had the carne asada taco and the chorizo burrito. Both were very good. Will be back , just hoping the floor is not as sticky as it was today.Ǿ
Went in on July 4th, the atmosphere was nice.  Place was very clean.  Ordered the fish taco and the carnitas taco.  Both were very good.Ǿ
Good food. Good portions. Decent prices. I prefer this over any mexican food restaurants nearby.Ǿ
AMAZING food! I love the simplicity of their tacos/burritos. Had both chicken tacos and surf/turf burrito the flavor is perfect! For sure recommend and will def be added to the top of our local Surprise favs! Love that they are on Uber Eats for days you just don't feel like going out. Will def be back and will be trying more on the menu!