Great place to eat very romantic atmosphere the staff is very attentive and the food is extremely delicious. You wouldn't think this place would have a hole in the wall gem.笑
Food and service was very good, except that our server seemed a little aloof. Not in the way you might expect at a popular in demand three star Michelin restaurant, but in a way you would expect from someone who really didn't like being there, or us for that matter, although the hostess and the busboys were cordial and polite. We dressed business casual for dinner but the people sitting next to us on either side were in shorts, sandals and T-shirts, and looked like they just came in from walking the Vegas Strip all day in 110 degree heat. This somehow took away from the ambience of what was a really nice room.  Wine list was just ok, food quality was excellent and a good value. Would have given 5 stars but for our servers attitude and the atmosphere/vibe in what should've been a pleasant dining room.笑
Too cute! I wasn't sure what to expect from a hotel restaurant.

It was my first trip to Vegas when the boyfriend booked us a room at Tuscany Gardens. Gosh, the price was really affordable. We got a spacious room with a comfy bed. There was even a couch/lounge area for our room! All the basic amenities are included. Although the location is a little off the Strip, the walk isn't too bad to get to the main clubs/whatnot. A cab ride costs less than $10, with tip included.

You get a coupon booklet when you check-in to the hotel. It includes dinner specials for the restaurant, along with free drinks at the bar inside the hotel. We were able to get beer and some mixed drinks (I can't specifically recall :X)

The food is fabulous. I recommend the fettucini alfredo entree. The pasta is creamy and perfectly cooked. For our dinner, the service was wonderful and our waitress was very attentive. She gave us suggestions when we had trouble ordering our meal.

Since our first trip, we have gone back to Tuscany Gardens. This is definitely my go-to hotel for Vegas.笑
The restaurant is beautiful and the staff was attentive and friendly. They had wines and digestifs we've never seen on a restaurant menu before. We went on a Friday night, however, and the lounge across the hall had a cover band blaring 70s and 80s music, which I like, but completely ruined the ambiance. The food was alright, but seemed over-priced considering it seemed like we were eating mostly garlic. Now, don't get me wrong, I love me some garlic, but this was stunningly heavy. The olive oil sauce for dipping bread, the Caesar dressing, the Italian vinegarette dressing, the fresco tomato sauce, and the Marsala sauce were so heavy with garlic it burned our throats and made our eyes water. However, the desserts were lovely: Seth had lemon sorbet and Fernet-Branca liqueur while I had the cannoli. We probably won't eat here again, unless we're trying to weed out vampires.笑
Service and ambiance were 5 star; food was 2 star. Had the Linguini Portifino and it was just so/so. Seafood was bland and tough. I hate to leave a review like this but it is what it is. The bread and wine selection was great though!笑
Great Dinner Out - Hidden Gem

Lovely restaurant in a quaint "not that far off-strip" resort.
(They are right across the street from Lawry's.)

So... Mom and I love Restaurant Week because of all the great places participating to support our local food bank, Three Square.  Lo and Behold... TG was on the list and with a $30 dinner!

This seemed like a heck of a deal.  And it was.  Food was very good, Service was top notch.
They were even running a Wine deal too... $20 for a bottle of 4 Foxes Chardonnay.  A surprisingly really good Chardonnay (I'm not normally a Chardonnay drinker because I only really like Grgich Hills or Cakebread... yes, I'm kinda a snob that way).... but this was lovely and easy to drink... and the extra special part was that proceeds of this wine were going to Michael J. Foxes foundation.  So... win-win.

The dining experience was Wonderful.  Not noisy, tables and booths had good spacing so you don't feel like you're on top of your neighbors.  The feel was Italian villa like.  The timing of the meal was spot-on... not slow, not fast.  We never felt rushed but we never felt like it was too long between courses.

For our entrees we enjoyed the Osso Bucco and the Chicken Marsala.  Both were rich and flavorful.  The OB fell off the bone and was fork tender.  My CM had lots of yummy mushrooms and was not over sauced so that you could actually taste the chicken and mushrooms.  We thought the portions were generous, and we took part of our entrees home.  Then we learned that these were smaller portions (because of RW menu) than they normally serve!  Wow!

The desserts were just 'ok'.  I wasn't over the moon about the Tiramisu or the Crème Brulee.  I'm (no surprise) kinda a snob when it comes to dessert. The Tiramisu seemed grainy to me and the Crème Brulee while smooth was dense and heavy.  I prefer a lighter, silkier version.

I looked at the regular menu, and they had a nice selection of pastas and steaks and seafood.  All were what I would deem reasonable. For instance, the regular menu Osso Bucco was $37, whereas if you're on the strip that's more like $55-60.  

Net, Net... we will totally be back!笑
A group of friends and I ate here our first night in Vegas just because it was late and convenient (we were staying at the hotel). What a great surprise. The food here is absolutely delicious. It was so good that we came back each night for the rest of our stay. Everything all of us ordered during the three nights was excellent. The first night one of the specials was sea bass with livornese sauce, and if I remember correctly, four of the five of us ordered it. The fish was cooked perfectly, slightly crispy on the outside and flaky on the inside, and the sauce was rich and flavorful. During the next two nights we worked our way through more of the menu. Everything we tried was delicious, from the appetizers to the desserts. The wine selection is excellent too. The service is warm and personable, and the prices are reasonable.

Especially in a city of overpriced restaurants with mediocre food, Tuscany Gardens is a real find, and worth going out of your way to visit.笑
Arrived on a Saturday night for my 8:30pm reservation and it took an hour to receive my food. This would be understandable if the restaurant was busy but it was not. Food is overpriced and the quality  quality was poor. I will never come back笑
Amazing place! Highly recommend it. The food was delicious, fresh and very well served. Very affordable 
Our waitress was amazing n very attentive. Definitely will be back笑
Tuscany Gardens has a cozy welcoming atmosphere with fabulous food. Just off the strip this Italian restaurant affordable prices and attentive 5 star wait staff are top notch.  For an appetizer the Agnolotti dish is delicious and highly recommended. Then for the main course the halibut with whipped garlic mash potatoes are absolutely addicting.  If you want affordable Italian food, amazing food and staff plus close enough to the strip without the craziness this is your place.笑
Looking for a good Italian place in Vegas and we found one. Homemade Pappardelle was fabulous and the service was great笑
We came here for dinner and a show during the early bird special seating (5-6pm). The choices for three special were limited but they seemed to have something for everyone. We also ordered wine and an old fashioned that was made perfectly. The chicken marsala and filet were both delicious and filet was cooked exactly how i asked. Dessert was included as well and it was a nice end to the dinner. The staff was very pleasant and I would absolutely recommend dining here.笑
Much to my surprise this was a very good restaurant.  Good prices, food, drinks and service.  Very nice pace to stay as well and it feels very Italian inside both the restaurant and hotel.  There were about 10 of us and it was a Wed night so we were the only people in there so service was great and the three piece band in the lounge was perfect with the female singer who had that 40's Marylin Monroe look and a great voice.  Perfect for this place.笑
Very nice place. Good ambiance, clean and friendly staff. Very affordable suites and very clean large rooms. Near the strip.笑
Food was average at best and service was sub par to say the least! Our server an older gentleman did not suggestive sale anything to us or even asked if we would like anything from the bar. He did not come back to the table to check on us but once. The meatballs were dry ad not much taste to them. Definitely not worth the price.笑
Last minute reservation on a saturday night since everyone felt like pasta. Everything was average but it felt a little overpriced. Ambience, food, and service  was just what i expected except for the price. The lobster bisque was lukewarm and the taste was below average. Actually the best dish was the rib eye... average pastas...笑
Great restaurant!  Had a great steak and my wife had the pork chop special.  Best pork I ever had.  Good service and good food.  Break is awesome, desserts are terrific as well. Highly recommend.  Well worth the prices for great steak and Italian entrees.笑
I really enjoyed the fettuccine Alfredo. The service was good, although I thought the food was a bit pricey.笑
Ironically, we'd been staying at Tuscany with business colleagues, but dining out at the larger well-known hotel/casino restaurants. On our last night, my husband and I decided just to stay put and have a quiet dinner  in the hotel. What a delightful surprise! Tuscany Gardens was as good - or better all the way around: excellent menu, delicious food, attentive wait staff, great ambience. I highly recommend!笑
Had a great Italian dinner at Tuscany Gardens, in the Tuscany Suites Hotel.  The atmosphere is nice and cozy, not noisy or smokey and the food was fantastic.

A nice break from the chaos that is the Las Vegas strip.  If you're looking for a great Italian meal, without all the craziness of the Vegas strip, this is the place to be.笑
Tuscany gardens chased us out at 10:25 after being seated for dinner at 9.

Wait staff was pleasant but not professional. The food was good though. 

If you've made the bad decision to stay at Tuscany casino and you're not up for venturing out, give them a try. Otherwise, there's a dozen better Italian restaurant in Vegas.笑
Well the decor here is very old looking so be ready for that. The food is good over all, good portion of food and it does not take too long to get to you. The servers take a bit to get to you when you are looking through the menu and depending on the time you come, the server can have a bad attitude. They feel like they are rushing you to order your food and sometime they don't listen very well. The seating is ok, the booths are the way to go. And because it's next to the casino there is a smoke smell. Also the restaurant is open 24 hrs.笑
The restaurant is wonderful.  The ambience is great.  I had lasagna and a house salad which is large and tasty.  My husband had chicken parm and he really liked it.  Great restaurant and I highly recommend it.笑
I just returned from a 5 day stay in Vegas and stayed at the Tuscany Suites. I decided to try the Tuscany Gardens one night and liked it so much that I went back the night before I left.  The food was fabulous!  The bread basket is filled with several nice breads and toasted cheese crisps. Wonderful for dipping in the olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  The calamari is fabulous!  Tender, not too much breading -- I would order this every time.  A nice, green dinner salad -- ala carte... but it was huge -- big enough to share. I tried the Chicken Francaise on my first visit and really enjoyed it.  Lightly breaded in a white wine and lemon sauce -- very good! .... On my second visit I had the Lasagna Bolognese -- the portion was huge and delicious! ... On both evenings I ordered a glass of Malbec -- a good choice.  The ambiance is really nice and service is fantastic! Hilda was my server on my second visit and another female on my first (I can't remember her name)  They were both friendly, helpful and made me feel like a welcomed guest.  The prices are extremely reasonable for Vegas at the Tuscany Gardens and I will certainly dine there again during my next visit!笑
Tuscany Gardens is one of those places you just never knew was there.  Not alot of hype, just solid (not amazing) Italian food, in a cozy, romantic atmosphere.

I've eaten here about four times now, and have had excellent 5-star service every time.  They have occasionally messed up an order, but always make good on it.  For example, I was there a few weeks back with my parents... reluctantly, because I was trying to diet off my christmas bulge.  I  asked for the surf and turn dry (no sauce, no butter), it still came out  soaked in butter.  

Their signature dish: something osso bucco is ok...a bit too salty.  But otherwise food is solid.   Only problem, parking here is a B*&$%.  You will likely walk off your dinner just getting back to your car.  Valet is highly recommended.笑
This place is the best!!! The one thing my friends and I always come here for is the 4.99 steak and eggs! It used to be $3.99 but hey, $4.99 is still an cheap price for the amount of food you get. 

We usually come here in the wee hours of the night when we all have the drunk munchies. The steak and eggs also comes with a slice of toast cut in half and hashbrowns! The steak itself is definitely not a Morton's steakhouse or Ruth's Chris standard, but for such a cheap price, it tastes AMAZING!

I've always had great service here whenever I came, but I can see why sometimes service can be a bit lacking at times. I have no complaints though. Highly recommended for you and your drunk friends!

**TIP: Find a cab back to your hotel might be kind of hard since it's off the strip. If your hotel is not walkable distance, I highly suggest you start waving frantically to the cabs on the street after you're done eating. 

That's what I had to do with my friends. Not because our hotel was far but because the girls' feet hurt from wearing high heels so we didn't want to walk back. Our hotel was actually only 5mins away with a cab lol.

I'm sure there's an easier way to get a cab (getting the hotel to call a cab for you if there's none waiting in front of the hotel), but I guess it's more interesting if you do it the other way haha. We definitely had a better story to tell when we came back to our hotel lol笑
Great price for a lot of food! the steak and eggs are worth every penny of the $5 you spend on it. Perfect for a late-late dinner in vegas.笑
Tuscany Gardens is located in the Tuscany hotel and Casino, located a block off the strip. I have visited this place several times and every time I am impressed! They have amazing Italian food at a very reasonable price. The service is always friendly as well. 

Gluten Free Options: They do not have a specific gluten free menu, but they do offer gluten free pasta. Also, every server I have ever had is very educated on the GF options and makes sure to check with the kitchen before serving the food. They are able to make changes to several of the dishes to make them gluten free as well.  

Would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a good Italian dinner and a reasonable price!笑
Service was good. Food descent prices are outrageous on some items, for example ordering a steak dinner is $31 but to add on a lobster tail its $50 more 
$81 you can go to a high end restaurant and get 10x's better in a 5 star resort. Manager walked away while talking to me about the issue I had all he could say is thats how it is.笑
My girl and I decided that since we had so much comp'd cash from losing money at the casino, that we'd use that comp'd money to have a nice steak dinner, and so we chose Tuscany Gardens. I was expecting good, I did not expect this.

The ribeye - I ordered it medium, and it was so perfectly juicy and perfectly pink in the middle, and perfectly melted in my mouth. I was flat out shocked at how awesome that steak was. The veggies were great too, and the garlic mashed potatoes were pretty good.

The filet - my girl ordered the filet medium-rare. It was also perfectly cooked. I'm not a huge fan of the filet as I feel it's the least tasty cut of meat, but damn her's was freakin good too.

I rarely give 5 stars to a restaurant, but the service was very, very fast, the food was absolutely slammin, the ambiance was very classy and welcoming and also comfortable. You rarely get that total experience from a restaurant, so I felt 5 stars was warranted. Anyways, highly recommended, and if you're a steak person, get the ribeye. Damn that was a good steak!笑
We have come here many times over the years. 

I have to say we have had the good and the bad here. There have been times where you stand by the door and no one comes to wait on you and other times they get you in pretty fast and seated and service is slow and other times service is awesome.

The last time we went we had a good experience and really enjoyed the food.
The restaurant itself is not real big but it is nice and some of the seating can be cozy and kinda romantic.

The food is always flavorful. The salad always fresh and crisp,
My husband is big on Italian food and we go here when he does not want the chain Italian food. I loved the Marsala, I am real picky when I have had other places some places use a gravy passing it off as Marsala. Not here it is really good with fresh mushrooms in it.
My husband always gets a pasta dish and  he never complains.

If your staying at the Tuscany Casino & Hotel check this restaurant out. Then after dinner head over to their lounge and get a few drinks and listen to whatever they have going on..笑
This Location just off the strip was a great vacation stay! Hotel room was very clean, and a lot of room around the entire room! Bathroom we had came with a standup shower and bath tub. The casino was very laid back, it was a great break from all the chaos from the major hotel casinos !  Checking in lounge was very clean and staff members very welcoming and friendly, they even let me select which building I would prefer to stay in. I would definitely be coming back. !笑
We came for Thanksgiving dinner with my mom who was staying in the hotel. First, kudos to the staff for the excellent service on a holiday. They were exceptionally cheerful and gracious, and very helpful with my request for gluten-free options. We shared a bottle of the Troublemaker which was delicious. And maybe I would give this more like 3.5 stars, but the food preparation and seasoning is a little out of date. My chicken was just a little overdone and the whole dish wasn't really seasoned so much as it relied on the artichoke hearts and olives.笑
By far one of the best spots to eat in Vegas. On Fridays they have the all you can eat crab legs. I believe or like $16, or something... They are the best. I always get the baked potato (loaded of course) and they even have the little warmers for the butter so that it stays heated.

And when  it comes to steak and eggs, they are everything. You get steak, eggs, hash browns, and pancakes all for just 5.99 or 6.99 ... Ant remember cause either way it's a great deal. And the workers are all nice,

A must go,笑
Das Ambiente ist schön, die Bedienung sehr freundlich. Es gibt eine überschaubare Auswahl an vegetarischen, italienischen Gerichten, die ordentlich zubereitet sind. Für italienische Küche war mein Gericht (Aubergine-Lasagne) zu fettig. Das Preis-Leistungsverhältnis ist kulinarisch gesehen nicht ganz optimal.笑
My biggest problem with this restaurant is their misleading coupon. Checking in at Tuscany you get a coupon that gives you $20 off your meal of $40 or more. So I ordered $46 worth of stuff not including tax. They the waiter tells me drinks don't count towards the $46, so I'd have to order something else. This clause was in fine print on the back of the coupon. Pretty shady.

Although I was pretty angry at the misleading coupon deal, the food was pretty good and reasonable.

They had one of my favorites for antipasti... beef carpaccio. It was only $9 and was served with a dijon sauce, shallots, capers, shaved parm, and field greens. Not bad for $9. Sadly, this was the best part of the meal.

The Beef Cannelloni in Bechamel sauce was good, but the portion was a little small for $17.

I also had a glass of  Proseco, but it was not good at all. Very acidic, and at $8 for a tiny flute, it was not a good buy compared to the food.

All their desserts (including Creme brûlée, tiramisu, tres leches, & cannoli) were only $ 5.95, which sounds like a steal. I ordered the Chocolate covered raspberry gelato and it was just OK. Nothing close to the gelato you get at most good dessert places. I also tried the cannoli and that was a little better, but the pastry was not as crisp as it should be, which led me to believe they were a day or two old.

For a Vegas restaurant it's a decent value for what you get, but I doubt I'd come back unless I had a coupon that was legit.笑
Had dinner at Tuscany Garden tonight & had a great meal.  The caprese salad w melon was excellent as was the Sunday Gravy (Highly Recommend) - with meatballs, sausage & pork.  I had the gluten-free version made with brown rice pasta and was very good - will definitely be back.笑
I had the chicken parm.  It was good, but myself and my husband agree that what I cook at home is better.  The breading did not adhere to the chicken very well.  The trick to have the coating not fall off is to coat it, flour, egg, breadcrumbs and the set it in fridge for about 1/2 hour.  I realize they will not do that because it would take too long to get food to customer.  The marinara sauce was a bit acidic.  My husband had lasagna, and  I thought it was terrible.  Pasta sheets were so mushy, the dish had absolutely no texture.  Meat sauce was good.  Overall, service was excellent.  This place is very large and on a Friday evening, 7pm there were 10 tables occupied.笑
My family and I came in for the early bird special! We enjoyed fabulous service by our waiter,Susan, and the food was spectacular. My grandma has asparagus soup which was delicious. the rest of us enjoyed very fresh salad! We ordered Veal Marsala and it was so tender, fresh, and tasty! Susan encouraged us to order the best calamari we have had in a long time! Came to our table sizzling hot! Our water glasses were never empty and neither was our delicious bread basket. Fabulous service and a wonderful meal! $19.99 for a salad/soup and perfect Veal Marsala! What a deal! Thanks again Susan for your wonderful service!笑
Buenisimo! This was a hidden gem in Vegas, the BEST food. I will return again笑
We had a walk in party of 21. Started as just 5 but grew as more friends showed up. we figured we just have one big party. 
Great food the wait staff was amazing, particularly Tammy who had to deal with all of us for 2+ hrs.

If you are staying at the hotel they have coupons in your book when check in. USE THEM we save over 300 with those coupons笑
Great food! Great service! Great place!
Celebrated my wedding anniversary - shared stuffed mushrooms-clams & prosciutto & melon apps, avocado/heart of palm salad and fillet mignon dinner entrees! All fantastic! Great service from all the wait staff, very friendly and attentive. Great value for the price! And they included a tirimisu for desert too!!!!! Highly recommend!笑
Really awful experience!! They tried to over charge us, and while we were waiting in their lobby there was a cockroach in their couch!! I'm so disgusted by the entire experience. I wish I could give zero stars. They're lucky they have a swimming pool. Never, ever returning.笑
Went there during restaurant week this year and had the bruschetta appetizer, filet mignon entree, and creme brulee for dessert for $30. It was a pretty good deal. The bruschetta was definitely the weakest of the courses. It had goat cheese and an array of grilled but cold vegetables on top. It was terrible just not exactly what I had in mind. The filet was cooked just the way I like it and the potatoes were creamy and delicious. The vegetables were pretty bland overall. This was my first time having creme brulee and it was delicious. It was made and plated very well and was a great way to finish off the meal. Overall, the three-course meal offered for restaurant week was great. May not have been the best steak I ever had it my life but was solid and I would definitely go back again especially for the restaurant week deal! The live music being played next door was also a pretty nice touch.笑
I only got takeout here but the food is tasty, hearty Italian.  The hostess was a real sweetheart, though!笑
This place is a gem. A few blocks off the Strip, so much quieter. Excellent service in the restaurant. The food was awesome. We had the truffle ravioli which was to die for. And the Sunday Gravy, a spicy blend of meatballs, sausage and shredded pork in a bolonaise style sauce on pasta..yum! Asparagus that was crisp and flavorful. Excellent meal.笑
For what is supposed to be a higher end Italian restaurant it was pretty casual.  It's Vegas so who cares.  We were a party of six and we were seated right away with reservations...but it was slow so we really didn't need them anyways.  

We were served bread with butter and olive oil.  I got the lobster raviolis and for $19.00 I got only 5 of them.  They were good...not great.  Other people got steaks, pasta, chicken and everyone like their food.  

The service was good but it took a while for them to bring us our check and we were anxious to leave as we had a party to get to.  I would come back here again if someone else was paying or if I had a coupon.笑
Do not order anything that is grilled unless you enjoy charcoal briquettes.  That includes 2 portions of salmon, asparagus and 2 chicken breasts.  All requiring scraping off burned bits except the asparagus, completely inedible.

Ignore their claims of being able to substitute for gluten free.  All their sauces contain flour.  Even the mashed potatoes are thickened with flour.  

The waiter did not introduce himself and was gruff when asked questions.  He told us it would be easy to substitute gluten free so after my 14 year old was told none of his first 3 choices could be made gluten free I started going item by item with the waiter asking can this dish be gluten free and he kept offering to come back later instead of being willing to admit there wasn't anything gluten free in the mains.  
Then the waiter snapped, "How about I just get you a plain grilled chicken breast with asparagus."  I think he was startled when we said, "perfect".  And then we asked for gluten free noodles with it and he whined, "Those take 40 minutes."
Gee a party with 3 kids all GF who told you that at the start and you never thought they'd want noodles?  
He never even asked about the asparagus a la briquette being left mostly untouched.  

My husband has no food intolerances and got the shrimp scampi straight off the menu.  His noodles were good but not the rest.  

The only dish anyone enjoyed was chicken masala.笑
This is really a hidden gem in Las Vegas. I had dinner at the bar and it was a very nice experience. Tuscany Gardens says if they have the ingredients they will make it! Very accommodating!!! 
I wanted shrimp scampi and Lemanuel suggested I request the larger shrimp for an up charge. I also told him I'm not a big pasta water but wanted to carb up with the mashed potatoes....he was happy to do so! I also ordered the asparagus which was delish and had freshly headed cheese on it! Great wine selection and I wish I had room for dessert!!!
I will be back笑
Poor service, had to keep asking for water. Had the seafood linguine and it was fair.笑
The food was great but at these prices I should not have to sit with dirty dishes and an empty cocktail glass. Not busy by any means笑
Really nice off-the-strip surprise. When my parents suggested this restaurant off-the-strip I wasn't sure. But, it was truly very good.

The ambiance is nice - must haves including nice quality water glasses, nice fresh flowers at strategic locations, good quality cloth napkins. Not too crowded and noisy. Enough cozy places inside the restaurant that you don't feel as though you are eating in one large room.  Timely and courteous waitstaff also.

All 5 of our table's dishes were good. The sauces were well done, including raspberry sauce on the dessert. Congrats to the saucier!

Spaghetti had good quality noodles, good flavor and texture on the meatballs. Nice fresh bread with good consistency.  Nice eggplant Parmesan with excellent texture (firm but not tough nor hard). Excellent al dente on the pasta. Very good sauce on the linguini alfredo - excellent consistency and flavor. Nice nutty flavor on the cheese.

Many varied choices for dessert. Chocolate cake for dessert was good but not great. However, raspberry gelato with chocolate shell was very good. 

Plating and presentation was very good on everything. 

So, even though this place may not look like the most glamorous thing from the outside, it is of a decent quality and the food is surprisingly very good.笑
Food was good. Staff was not informative about food and did not create a good dining experience. At the end of the meal, the whole experience was ruined by the Restaurant Manager named Cat (Kat?). Their system was down and even though we were staying in the hotel and were just going to charge it to out room. Cat said we had to stay until the system was up. Then we explained to our server that we had to be at a show in a few minutes. When Cat heard that, she yelled across the restaurant, TELL THEM TO PAY CASH!!!!!!. That was unbelievably unprofessional and like i sad, it ruined the whole dining experience. So despite the food quality, I would not recommend this spot due to the lack in customer service . Also, be aware if you are Italian and order white sauce it means oil and garlic. Not alfredo. This mistake ruined the veal because they put the wrong sauce and then tried to charge extra for it. The servers should disclose pricing on extras and specials.笑
From start to finish, my expectations were met and exceeded.
We shared with a calamari appetizer, very fresh and perfectly
Fried with a delicious marinara dipping sauce. The portion was very 
Large. I had Oso bucco and my guest had chicken piccata. Both dishes
We're among the best we've had. The room, which was full yet was blessedly Quiet, we could actually carry on a conversation. The service was Attentive. 
Delicious food, beautifully served in an elegant room.
Perfect!笑
We used to eat here at least once a month, but in the past year they have made big changes,  all bad!  Numerous items have been deleted from the menu, you used to have a selection of soups, now you get the soup of the day and that's it. Their minestrone soup was the best,  now you're lucky if they have it. My favorite dish Pappardelle pasta with osso buca is also gone. The Sunday Gravy isn't nearly as good. It's very disappointing to see a good restaurant go down hill. If they wanted to make changes, do so in a controlled manner. The big changes they implemented simply aren't working.笑
Very nice restaurant. Lively hostess. Great customers and lovely ambiance. Oh and the food. It was good too.笑
You can never go wrong with 4.99 steak and eggs!

Only con was when I asked for egg whites only and they charged me an extra dollar. I can't complain though, it's just a dollar. BUTTT I could've played slots with that dollar hahahha 

Ricardo was a sweetheart and besides the extremely long wait for food (which should be expected due to the large volume of drunks coming in for cheap food), it was a great experience! Steak was chewier than my likings but still.. 4.99 steak and eggs! cant complain!笑
Best meal we had in Las Vegas.  The veal marsala was was excellent.  Nice bread selection at the table that came with this big crispy yummy parmesan chip.  The dining room is quiet and has a nice atmosphere. The waiters were very formal and attentive.  Nice place for some quiet dining off the strip.  I would dress up a bit for this place - shorts and flip flops won't do.笑
I go to the Tuscany Gardens Italian Restaurant a whole lot, in fact I have eaten there at least 21 times, and I must comment on the new restaurant manager Chris, he is a fantastic guy and Renee and I really adore him very much, so Chris I hope you read this, and thank you for being who you are as dear friend.

                                                    Renee b& Martin Kolb笑
Food was delicious! All four of us eating had fabulous meals! Salads, stuffed mushrooms, watermelon caprese, minestrone soup, all were above and beyond. Service is quick and pleasant. It's been a while since I've been here but it's as good as I remember.笑
This place has class. Fine Italian dining! The bread is fresh and warm. The pasta tastes excellent!!! I had the Scallops linguine and it was De-Lish!!! Reasonable priced and treated well !!!! A hidden gem in Las Vegas笑
Surprisingly decent Italian restaurant.

I was recently in Vegas and staying at the Tuscany Hotel. My friends wanted to have dinner at the Tuscany Gardens which I was a little nervous about after having bad experiences at one of the other Tuscany restaurants, but much to my surprise this place is actually good.

The service was nothing to write home about, but was certainly solid. Drinks were constantly full and food was served still hot. Dirty plates were promptly cleared as well. You can't really ask for much more than that.

I ordered a dinner salad which was very tasty. The house dressing was excellent although I would have preferred a different choice of lettuce. Still, it was good and I ate it all.

For dinner I had the Chicken Marsala which came with vegetables and a side of pasta. The pasta was perfectly cooked and the sauce was very good. The Chicken Marsala was excellent and the vegetables were, well, they were vegetables.

Other people at my table had the calamari appetizer and they raved about it. I have had some bad allergic reactions to calamari in the past so I didn't try it, but it looked and smelled so good that I was tempted to risk a trip to the hospital for a bite.

Not only will I eat here again when staying at the Tuscany, I might actually come back to eat here when I am NOT staying at the Tuscany. I think that is a pretty good endorsement.

Well done Tuscany Gardens!笑
Very nice and quite. Good casino and friendly staff. Room is so big I think it could hold about 20 people and sleep about 10. So if your coming with a large group this is the best place. Kitchenette area (no stove and must request microwave at check in), stand up shower and a nice size tub, love seat and small single seater sofa, desk area with chair and 4 slot dresser drawer with 32' flat screen. We got the King Suite and the bed was huge! Tons of pillows and super soft comfy everything lol. The room also has a self serve safe for valuable items that ive been using each day (you create your own secret code). Lots of lighting and we were placed in building G which was very quite! We are on Day 2 out of 5 so I will update again.

Hotel to Strip, quick 7-10 min walk even less if your a swift walker, very lit at night and youll walk right on the strip smack dab in the middle you just choose left or right and your amongst it all. 24hr liquor store across the street along with 24hr Starbucks.  

The best spot and value!!!

I noticed at the other bigger named hotels which were also reasonably priced online youll have to constantly deal with tons of people and noise I am sure.笑
My husband and I love Tuscany!  That was the best decision ever to stay at this beautiful and cosy hotel. The restaurants Cantina and Tuscany have really good food, and you can have nice breakfast at Marilyn's cafe. We asked the receptionist to give us a quiet room and she did, we were on the 3rd floor in  C building. Was very quiet and we could sleep as long as we wanted since the window was overlooking the garden. The bed was sooo comfy. The pool looked awesome I wish the weather was warmer, Jacuzzi was warm though just overcrowded when I was in the mood. I don't have anything bad to say about this hotel, I want less ppl to know about it since I don't want it to become overcrowded like all the other hotels on the strip :/ I'm going back there again!!笑
This restaurant is mediocre at best, same generic Italian food found around the country in mom n pop diners. Bland chicken parmesan and over cooked fish. 500 better places to eat a block away.笑
What a great hotel restaurant just east of the strip on Flamingo Road.  An incredibly robust Italian Menu - all what you'd expect from a five star Italian restaurant in Vegas - without the high prices!  Stay here - and you get a $20.00 food credit making it that much more affordable.  The lobster and cheese ravioli dishes to die for!  The sauces were great!  Chocolate mousse cake for dessert?  None better.  Service by the hostess and wait staff was incredibly personable.  They were right there when needed without hovering.  We were seated immediately and received our order in no time flat.  Why pay more on the strip when you can enjoy a great meal at a great price right here at the Tuscany?  I've stayed at the Inn before and I came back because the rooms are HUGE and comfortable.笑
Time: 0300 am
Wait Time: None

Great food for the price; however, slow, and unprofessional service. The waitress was tending to her friends and forgot about us most of the time.笑
Had a quiet intimate dinner with my wife. The atmosphere was very nice. Everyone was very attentive, very professional.  Our server Dorothy, was phenomenal.  She was very kind, very personable. My wife had the Ribeye, baked potato & asparagus. I had the chicken parmesan with spaghetti & marina sauce. Everything was perfectly seasoned. The ribeye steak was cooked to perfection. The asparagus sooo yummy. Not sure if the spaghetti was homemade but looked and tasted like it.  It was wonderful. I HIGHLY recommend Tuscany Gardens to everyone. This is definitely a hidden GEM!笑
We went here on a friends recommendation, and left very impressed.  The Sunday Gravy was delicious, as was the chicken masala.  Definitely felt we found a gem of a place in Vegas, with reasonable prices and a good location near the Strip.  They also had an excellent wine menu.笑
I came here with a few friends after dancing all night at the club. The $5 steak and eggs were SO good. It also comes with hashbrowns, and bread...I was craving it all weekend!!笑
My main issue with this place was the service. The food definitely five stars. Me and my friends are all in our early 20's and we were dressed down (we were not aware this was a fancy restaurant), I am a server myself so I can tell when the service is, what's the word, not really half-assed but giving the bare minimum. I feel as though he expected a bad tip based on the way we looked so he didn't want to give 100%. We didn't go without refills of water or anything like that but we weren't checked up on as much as surrounding tables, and he didn't seem too happy when he was at our table.

I ordered the salmon which was the best I have ever had, the outside of it was crispy and the inside was moist, never had it prepared like that but it was absolutely delicious. Our birthday girl got a free mini crème brûlée which was also so delicious. 

Our tab was $100 and we left a $50 tip on the card and an additional $30 tip in cash, so $80 tip on a $100 tab. 

Please servers don't judge a book by its cover because I'm positive we left a higher tip then the older patrons who are dressed up nicely.笑
Great food tonight!  Much better than the last couple of times I was there!  We'll be back to see you in January Kelly!笑
My husband is Italian and we both LOVE Italian food. We have been to Italy on three separate occasions and enjoy experimenting with the wide variety of Italian dishes.

We enjoyed dinner here prior to see the Rat Pack is Back show. What a delight! From appetizers through dessert we experienced mouth watering taste pleasers that are hard to come by.

The ambiance and service staff couldn't be better!
We highly recommend this restaurant to ANY Las Vegas traveler!
Visited February 2016笑
What a surprise!  This dining experience was so much more than expected! I can't wait to go back!

Italian bread and dipping oil - yummy!

Roasted vegetables - incredibly delicious with a bit of fresh Parmesan added!

capellini d'Angelo - never realized pasta could melt in your mouth like this did!

tiramisu - some of the best I have ever had. 

Was looking for a good sit-down meal before heading to the airport, was so delicious I wish I hadn't saved it for my last night in town.  Very impressive!笑
One of my favorite restaurants to visit. The wait staff is always friendly and the selection is wonderful. Very nice selection of wines. I would have given a 4-star rating however service was just a little slower than , considering the dining room list less than half-full. But everything worked out in the end. Friendly service, good food and overall a great experience.笑
oOoOooH I hit the jackpot in Vegas!

Not $$$!

4 dollar steak and eggs!

dirt cheap & delicious
(also service was wonderful)

Nuff said... :)笑
What are the chances? We came here two years ago and had the same waiter, Bill. My wife also had the same entree--the lobster ravioli, which was excellent.

I had the veal al Marsala, which came with really yummy veggies (my wife will attest to this because she ate a lot of them). My veal was "lick your plate worthy." 

To finish off our meal, we had cappuccinos. Excellent meal! 

We will be back when we are in Vegas again.笑
Tuscany Gardens could have been a great experience...but was not

First the food is spectacular...that good.  We split the stuffed mushrooms, the bruschetta and had salads all were great.  I would like to say it was the best chicken parm ever

However, we had a 7:00 reservation and a 9:00 show.  The entrees arrived after prodding the waiter past 8:30..ood,.so we eat what we could and left.  The hostess said sometimes food can arrive late.  Every table was served before us even when arrived earlier...next time just apologize, hon

Such a shame...because the chef knows food, but the staff needs to be trained to execute properly笑
I thought the food was great, hubby..not so much. The servers are WONDERFUL!!!! Fantastic ambiance, I enjoyed it. Prices are great. I will definitely come again..as this is the only hotel we stay at while in vegas :)笑
Great Service! Also, romantic and calm atmosphere.

I had the Involtine di Pollo. Sauce was flavorful, but chicken was quite dry.
Though, may have been a fluke because all others at the table liked their food.

Definitely get a dessert!!! There were many options and we decided to get most of them =] all very good.笑
The food was average but the tall, middle-aged waiter ruined my experience w/his loud, booming, condescending lecture about how "some people don't know the difference w/how eggs can be cooked" (which I do) in front of my dumb friend telling me to "be nice" which ticked me off even more. I only asked if it was alright if they made my eggs over-hard instead of over-easy BEFORE he put in the order. I WAS trying to be polite & there's a reason he's waiting tables while I'm on vacation. I only came for the cheap steak and eggs. Grudgingly left a tip but I'm too irritated to ever go here again. Shouldn't they've taken an ethics orientation prior to serving customers?笑
This shit was so expensive!!! There is no 5 dollar steak and eggs that I read about on here!! The cheapest thing on the menu is 14.95 and that was a chicken salad... I would expect a restaurant that's in a not so hot, shabby hotel and casino would match the other prices as the other restaurants in the hotel.. Nope.. I sure won't be going here anymore.. The food wasn't even all that, plus you get very small portions.. I really want to know how they are still open!!笑
Not bad Italian food.  Some people rave about this place. Not sure it's all that great but we had a pleasant experience there.  Service is pretty good.笑
After walking around the strip for several hours, we were hot, tired and hungry, and stopped at Tuscany Gardens on our way back to our hotel. What a stroke of luck!   We loved the breads and shared a yummy Caesar salad before our entrees came.  My husband ordered the lasagna which was sooo good and I ordered the  fettuccine Alfredo with grill chicken which was really delicious too.  The portions were very generous,  I could only eat half if mine and my husband  left some of his meal too.  No room for dessert but we were both glad we had stumbled upon this great eating spot and will definitely come back. The prices were really reasonable and the restaurant was very nicely  decorated, and the waiter  (Bill) was very attentive.  I am already looking forward to our next visit.笑
Ok first of all, the service and the hospitality we received was excellent. I didn't get the name of the hostess but she looked Hispanic maybe Asian, very polite. Right away welcomed my hubby and and asked if we prefer a table or booth, everything with a smile. I love that!! Then we met Sue our waitress!!! She knew her stuff which is great for me because I'm very indecisive lol. Her service was amazing, very tentative to her client's. The 2 young men on her team were great as well. (Side note: GET ALL NAMES) an older man came out to pack my "to go" plate, also very polite!!! Service here is something I personally haven't seen in a while FROM BEGINNING TO END!!!

The food!!!! I got the 24 OZ of king crab legs with a baked potato. Flavor was on point. My crab legs were cooked perfectly. I didnt realize how big 24 OZ of crab was. I just ate the rest of what I couldn't finish last night lol still so yummy!!! In my opinion this place is a hidden gem away from all the noise. I almost forgot we were in Vegas lol. My husband got the chicken marsala. He loved it! Finished entire plate. We both had water to drink which is always good. 

Our second time dining here and both times were amazing, service and the food!!! Thank you Tuscany Garden's!!!笑
Got tickets for the Rat Pack is back show and the ticket included a dinner. You had a choice of eggplant lasagna, chicken Alfredo, chicken or veal marsala,we got this. Or a beef entree. All came with soup or salad coffee or tea and choice of 3 desserts. The food was very good! We were pleasantly surprised.The veal was tender in a tasty marsala sauce served this oven roasted potatoes. Perfectly sized portions and the dessert was a big serving which neither one of us could finish. The best was the show which was a blast! We had a great time and would definitely return.笑
Das Restaurant ist Bestandteil des Tuscany Hotel & Casino Komplex, es öffnet abendlich ab 17:00 und eine vorab Reservierung ist empfehlenswert. 
Das Haus bietet vordringlich italienische Küche, ebenso werden Alkoholika zum Essen angeboten. 
Das Ambiente ist aus meiner Sicht sehr angenehm und ruhig, der Kontrast zu dem sonst so hektischen Treiben in Las Vegas ist eine schöne und willkommene Abwechslung. 
Der Gast wird unter anderem mit Tischdecke und Servietten aus Stoff verwöhnt, eine Wohltat um nicht zu sagen ein "must have" für mein Seelenleben im Zusammenhang mit einem genußvollen Restauranterlebnis. 
Leider gibt es  keinen Dresscode für die Gäste, daher tauchen dann auch Gäste im T-Shirt auf. 
Neben dem Gastraum und einer kleinen Bar bietet das Restaurant auch ein paar Tische im freien, falls die Wetterlage es zuläßt. 
Die Speisekarte enthält neben Vorspeisen und Salaten auch entsprechende Nudelgerichte sowie Fleisch und Fisch. Der Service war sehr zuvorkommend und flott, die Bedienung kümmerte sich regelmässig um uns, sodass keine Wünsche lange offen blieben.

Die Preise für Speisen halten sich für Las Vegas Verhältnisse im Rahmen, zwischen 12$ und 28$ bewegt sich der Preis für ein Hauptgericht.笑
My Brigade Commander invited me here for dinner and it's pretty awesome. Her and her husband recommended the Osa Buca and it's pretty awesome. They cook it for 5 hours and the marrow in the bone is the best! Had the calamari also and the calamari pieces are big and thick. The batter on it I thought was a little too thick but somehow was still pretty light. Overall just ok. 

The big meal that looked pretty awesome is their crab legs. Those were ordered and I think next time I'm definitely trying the legs though it is the most expensive thing on the menu!笑
Yikes! How the mighty fall. This used to be a fantastic "go-to" Italian spot with a fun bar across the lobby. The bar's still cool, but the food at the Gardens has fallen off a cliff. I ordered "small" - arugula salad and meatball appetizer. The salad was horrible! old arugula - just the other side of the "use-by" date. I tried mightily, but could not take a 3rd fork full. The meatballs were more like bread crumb balls that tasted like sand. The acid in the tomato sauce was so intense, there was no way to attempt to enjoy it.

Now I've been here a few times, entertained clients and dates. This was NOT the same TG of my memory. You may consider me a snob, but there are so many alternatives in town that such a poor performance from the kitchen is not worthy of a return. I spoke with the manager and she was somehow sympathetic. I tipped my waiter nevertheless. It wasn't her fault.

Beware!笑
$3.99.... STEAK, EGGS, TOAST, AND POTATOES??! need i say more?? 

lol and yet i will just so i can get you all in on this ridiiiiculous deal!! 

important stuff:
-late night special is something like from 10pm-5am, $3.99 steak and eggs
-super friendly service

so you guys are done clubbing, your girlfriends' feet are sore and achy, your boyfriends' wallets are empty and dry, but you're all drunk with the munchies?? go wave down a taxi and get your butts over to tuscany gardens for some bomb@$$ steak and eggs! honestly when my friends told me about this deal/place i really didnt believe them... i mean, seriously... $3.99 are you outta your mind? but indeed my friend's spoke truth...

once you enter this place, you need to take a left and walk down into the casino a bit and the cafe/diner is just straight ahead. there isn't much to say... let the nice lady know what kind of toast you'd like, how you want your steak and eggs and you're good to go. 

will def be back on my next vegas trip!笑
We dined here tonight during the early bird time of 5-6pm which allows for a special menu with a selection of different main course items served with soup or salad for $19.95. 
My husband had the filet mignon with an add on lobster tail for an additional $15 and I had the chicken marsala. Both meals were delicious and presented beautifully. Our server, Hilda, was fantastic, attentive, and very helpful. 
The only item that could have been improved upon was the tiramisu we split for dessert. For me it was missing the clear flavors of cocoa and coffee which I have grown to expect and love in this dessert choice.笑
Hidden gem.  Excellent food, ambience and price.    This place has excellent food and great deserts.   Half the price and twice as good as some of the more well know places, this is the place to go in Vegas.    Great attentive waiters with even better food .     I love this place.