Vraiment sympa et avec de bonnes pizzas au feu de bois... Faites une croix sur l'accueil jovial, sauf exception... Et préparez-vous a attendre un peu...笑
Un vrai délice!!! Pizza de qualité et typiquement italienne. Les prix sont vraiment abordables. Le service nickel, rien à reprocher!!! Je conseille vivement cette pizzeria pour ceux qui veulent manger une vrai pizza italienne. Les desserts sont aussi très bon :)笑
Heard the pizzas are baked in a stone oven, just like how it's supposed to be done, so we decided to give it a try.

We were seated at the terasse, on a warm summer night. Very busy street and good atmosphere.  

We had the 'Dei Compari' and the 'Marinara' pizzas. 

The 'Dei Compari' was a bit burnt on the edge, but it was still delicious. The tomato sauce was very good, the amount of cheese was just right. The combination of flavors was excellent. The only thing that was somewhat of a let down was the italian sausage. It wasn't very tasty, it might as well have been mushrooms. Maybe spicy sausages would be better.

The 'Marinara' (with shrimps and clam) was better than I had anticipated. I love seafood, but I don't get too excited when it comes to Montreal seafood. To my surprise, the shrimps didn't taste like seaweed (as they do in some restaurants). The pizza had a perfect hint of seafood taste, totally not overwhelming. 

Good flavors in general, coming from good combinations of ingredients. 
It comes down to about 18$ per pizza with everything included. The portion was relatively huge, so I hope you're hungry when you show up.笑
Great sit down pizza place on the Latin Quarter. Plenty of seating inside as well as in the outdoor patio. We ordered a Margherita pizza and a calzone. Both were very good and the servings were large. Staff was attentive but the place was packed so it took some time to get our order. Definitely a good pace to visit if looking for a nicer place for pizza rather than one of the many cheap, quick serve pizza locations near the campus.笑
Im sorry this review is from July 2016. Ive been lazy. There was an hour wait to get a table at this pizzeria. I figured if theres a line it must be good. Im glad we waited. Their pizza was amazing. The cheese was just right, the sauce was well balanced. I ordered the hawaiian pizza and im sorry I have to say this being a new Yorker but it was pretty up there in great pizza. The crust was tasty as well. I would go back to Montreal just to have their pizza again笑
Excellent restaurant de pizza. La qualité et le choix sont phénoménaux. Cependant, le service et l'espace fourni pour chaque personne sont insuffisants.笑
J'ai bien aimé la pizza. Parfaite aux jours pluvieux.
Situe Très bien, le restaurant de La Meilleure Offre Pizza du Quartier Latin, je le jure.
Un lieu de revenir, sans doute.笑
Très bonne pizza !! Ça faisait longtemps qu'on ne m'avait pas surpris comme ça !! Tout était très bon!! 
Le service a été très bon aussi et rapide.
Le seul hic c'est la personne qui attendait à côté de nous pour débarrasser alors qu'on finissait nos verres.笑
Very good reasonably priced wood oven baked pizza. I tried all their pizzas. Vegetarian, pizza Saint Denis, pizza Siciliana, and the marguarita. 
I also tried their lasagna and it is very good. I tried their soup and was ok. But the pizza is one of he best. The dough is sooo fresh and tasty. 
I also tried the pizza with salmon and capers. But my favorite is Saint Denis. Highly recommended.笑
Bonne calzone et prix intéressant笑
I was craving pizza and decided to walk 25 mins from my hotel to this place because of the good reviews even though there were a lot of closer options. I'm SO HAPPY I did! I ordered a margarita pizza to-go and the entire experience was wonderful. 
The staff was so kind and you can tell they genuinely care about you having a good experience. While I was waiting for my pizza (which only took 10 mins) they brought me a glass of water without me having to ask. That gesture really stuck out to me because most of the other places I've been in Montreal you have to hound the wait staff for water and for refills when you're eating out and they don't seem to be very attentive. 
When I got back to my hotel and took the first bite I literally said "mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm" out loud. This is hands down the best pizza I've had since I went to Italy about a year ago!! The tomato sauce, the cheese, the crust, the basil.... Everything was perfect.
My only regret is not finding this place sooner on my trip!笑
4 stars only because the boyfriend and I didn't get pizza - we both got pasta dishes.  They were really good, we ate our whole meal.  Restaurant is basically French speaking, which is fine.  Our waitress was helpful but could have come by with more water.  Restaurant wasn't too busy for a Sunday afternoon around lunch time.  It was very cute and quaint inside.  The table next to us all got pizzas and they were pretty good size for flat bread.笑
Excellent pizza and manocotti! But of a line but not long of a wait. Great neighbourhood.笑
Very good Italian food on St Denis.     This area tends to be very touristy, but Dei Compari delivers good food at good prices.

We saw everyone eating pizza so we ordered a chicken pizza and a penne arrabbiata.    Both were good.

The grilled pizza was thin and crisp with a good fresh set of toppings.  
The pasta dish was nice and spicy.    Delicious.

One odd thing....as we were waiting for our food, we asked for a basket of bread...the waitress, took a basket that was on a table next to us (it looked that I had not been touched by guests that had just gotten up and left) and placed the "used basket" on our table...we were starving, so we ate the bread....  LOL...笑
There is a great ambiance , the service is good and the selection of Pizza and wine is great.  
However mention to them that you don't want too much cheese because mine had so much that it felt chewy, also the center of the crust was still undercooked. That doesn't make the pizza bad, it's just not exactly excellente per say. Oh and the cheese is shredded mozzarella,  delicious, but not traditional笑
excellent price to quality ratio. pizza is handmade and coal/wood oven fired. one size = medium/large. they load on the fresh/quality toppings. fast service from no nonsense middle aged quebecoise ladies. pies average 10$ and prices include tax. pizza places like this are few and far between in montreal - it is not overly fancy/expensive and not pizzahut-like. just a good place to get a decent pie on the way home after a busy day with the change left in my car's ashtray. i call in my order before pickup - they're terse: name and number are unnecessary.笑
Une bonne pizza cuite au four à bois pour célébrer le début de "l'année" avec les collègues de travail. La portion est parfaite (beaucoup trop grosse pour mon régime, mais la gourmande que je suis a tout mangé anyway). 

J'ai pris une pizza tomate/fromage de chèvre/basilic et c'était délicieux même si j'aurais préféré du basilic frais.

Attendez-vous à attendre sur l'heure du midi, l'endroit est plutôt achalandé. Prévoyez peut-être un 15 minutes de plus à votre heure de dîner.笑
Un bon endroit pour déguster une bonne pizza cuite au four, rapidement. 
La pizza à elle seule, en vaut le détour. Je le suggère particulièrement aux gens qui ont une sortie de prévue, sur la rue St-Denis, et qui veulent manger quelque chose de "bon mais rapide". (Avant le cinéma ou le théâtre, par exemple!) 

Un petit truc: Ils peuvent servir des moitiés de pizza. Alors, ça réduis votre coût de facture! Et puis, elles sont tellement grosses qu'une moitié est bien suffisante. 

Le service à la clientèle est OK, mais rien de plus. On dirais vraiment que les serveuses et cuisiniers sont là depuis des années. Le décor est OK, mais on ne va pas à cet endroit pour l'ambiance. On y va pour la bonne pizza à croûte cuite au four, typiquement italienne! Miam! :-)笑
There are few Pizza places in Quartier Latin and this one would be my favorite, it is very cozy on the inside. Pizzas are made on wood and they have three types: vegetarian, meat and sea food. I had the calzone and I think it is a ration for two, but no complains, I loved it. You should also try their spicy olive oil/pickles with the pizzas. I would definitively return to this place whenever I visiting the Quartier Latin.笑
26 janvier 2013
Un bon souper avec un ancien collègue de travail. Direction Dei Compari !
Un petit endroit très sympatique, très petit, mais très bon. Le rapport qualité/prix est impressionnant. Ça rappelle le Café Presto sur Stanley mais en version pizzeria. Arrivez tôt pour vous assoir rapidement et manger. La file d'attente s'allonge rapidement à partir de 18h, surtout la fin de semaine. En bout de ligne vous en sortez bien rempli et bien heureux !

January 26th 2013
A nice meal with a former colleague of mine. Make way for Dei Compari !
A cosy place ....... a small and cosy place, but really good. The quality/price ratio is quite interresting. It reminds me of Café Presto on Stanley but for pizza. Come early if you want to get a seat otherwise the lineup gets long, starting at 6 pm, especially on weekends. In the end you'll get out of there full and happy !笑
My girlfriend and I came here and ordered some pizza. Service was great as was the food. Highly recommend. Nice area, quiet, and with a lovely patio.笑
Amazing pizza!! Maybe the best in the city. It is thin crust, made in a wood oven, with plenty of toppings. We had the Marguerita pizza and 4 cheese pizza. The Marguerita was so good. The pizza maker (who was very impressive by the way) put the basil underneath the cheese so that it wouldn't burn. The basil tasted so so good like that!! The four cheese pizza was essentially 1 piece with mozzarella, 1 piece with gorgonzola, 1 with emmenthal and one with goat cheese. It was delicious! The gorgonzola was a little too liquidy. It kind of just spilled, but I'm sure if we would have waited for it to cool, it would have been fine. It was all so delicious! We will definitely be back!
Also, the menu prices include tax. The Marguerita pizza was $11 with tax and the 4 cheese was $15 I think.笑
Je suis une fan finie de ce restaurant. J'aime presque tous les items du menu. La pizza cuite au four est parfaite. La croûte n'est ni trop épaisse, ni trop mince et toujours cuite à point. Il existe plus d'une trentaine de choix, végé, avec viande ou poisson (thon, sardine) et celles plus santé. Les pâtes sont succulentes, diffents choix pour tous les goûts j'adore les rigatoni bolognaise gratinés. Ils mettent tellement de fromage mozzarella dessus ça en devient indécent :D j'ai toujours reçu un service courtois et rapide. Certaines des serveuses peuvent sembler plus froides mais après qu'elles vous aient déposé votre assiette gargantuesque vous vous moquez bien de sa froideur!!! Ils ont une terrasse donnant sur St Denis agréable en éte. Il s'agit d'un petit restaurant rapidement bondé alors souvent je prends pour emporter. Et ai je mentionné leurs prix ridicules entre 12 et 16$ (regardez la taille de ma pizza!!!)笑
Great pizza!
And they even have whole wheat options for the more fussy eaters like myself, which is rare.笑
Love the 4 cheese 

They have great pizza although I have never eaten there, just get take out.  Price is fair, good tomato sauce and nice thin crust oven pizza.  I have tried their All dressed, the Margarita, and the number 26 which has eggplant and anchovies.  The only thing non pizza I would also recommend is the Eggplant parmigiana.  Well worth the price and really among the better and convenient pizza joints.笑
Walked into this pizzeria while looking for a place to have a quick bite to eat shortly after arriving in Montreal. This place did the trick!

We got seated and our order taken right away.

We ordered the garlic bread and then a Pizza to share. Our order came right away and they were both very good. They have a wood burning oven and the pizza is prepared from scratch right before your eyes.

Affordable and good, what else can you ask for?!
I'll definitely come back next time I'm in the mood for pizza.

3 stars only since this is a casual place where you go for a quick bite. Nothing memorable.笑
Saggy pizza. Not tasty at all. Felt horrible all day. Not recommended. I might as well have eaten bagel and cream cheese.笑
Visited this place on sat evening and had a line queuing outside. Waited for about 30 min before we were seated. Really wanted to try their pasta but ended up having their Marine pizza - the one with clams, shrimps, and onions.
The pizza overall is OK, but I really like their cola drink they got which is made with maple syrup - u can really taste the syrup in the cola. Maybe too sweet for some, but I think it's brill!!!! WE NEED MORE MAPLE SYRUP IN THIS WORLD!!!!笑
I really enjoyed their piping hot cheese pizza!  

Its such a treat to get a fresh quality pizza.  

Service was fast and friendly.

Very happy with the place, I hope to go back soon.  I wish they delivered!笑
Ate here 1 and 1/2 times. The first time I really enjoyed the pizza but the service was slow. Being a pizza lover and living so close by I returned. The 2nd time was awful, we were rudely seated, then left to wait for literally 10 minutes. When we made eye contact with the waitress to place our order, she ignored us. We tried a second time, but the waitress said it was another waitress's table. After close to 15 minutes of waiting, we got up and left!笑
They have great Italian pizzas. 

The pricing is also fair.

The lady assuming manager or owner was responding in French when we were asking stuff in English which was a bit strange for my friends. 
Maybe we took it in a wrong way :)笑
Très bonnes pizzas! Bonne et goûteuse, pâte moelleuse et croustillante. Bon service, rapide. 
Mieux vaut réserver car c'est la file à l'extérieur. Sauf pour les pizzas a emporter.. Seulement 20mn d'attente!! 

Pâtes excellente et servie en quantité. La lasagne est bonne mais portion un peu petite pour les bons appétits...

Very nice pizzas! Good and tasty, fast service. Must reserved because there's a line in front of the restaurant. Except for the "to go" order , only 20mn! 
Pasta ate also very good! 
Must taste in Quartier Latin!笑
Alright, so I had ordered pizzas for delivery from this place back in January, and it was amazing. Thin crust, lots of toppings, very reasonable price (I think it was around 12$ for the 4 cheese pizza?). Clearly the best pizza I've had in Montreal. And the order arrived quite fast too. 

Fast forward to today: we were in the area and decided to try the sit-in experience. I had a good memory of the 4 cheese, so I took it again, noticing a slight price increase to 16$. No big deal, it was well worth it. Sadly, they were not as generous with the toppings this time. The description on the menu says "gorgonzola, goat cheese, emmental and mozzarella", yet my pizza barely had 2 pieces of gorgonzola, and there was overall less mozzarella than in my memory. Oh well. Still a great pizza, with a thin, perfectly cooked crust, and quick service. 

I'd probably actually give this place 3.5 stars, but I was surprised and delighted that all prices on the menu actually included taxes. 
This would still be one of my go-to pizza places.笑
Meilleure pizza en ville! Un goût de four à bois, la croûte mince comme j'aime la sauce tomate exquise...wow! Un must italien笑
Exellente pizza , pas trop salé, copieuse, huile picante bien dosé, bon service, deco propre, plusieurs tables, rapide.笑
Great Pizza! Great service! If you are looking for a quick bite, I would recommend this place