I will give 0 star if I have choices! 1 star is too much for them! I never got any regular response from the server since the first second I walked in the restaurant. Even I said thank you to him when he passed the dishes or folks, he still kept quiet without any welcome word! We were the only customer in the restaurant at that moment, I guess he wasn't too busy to say something! The food tastes just ok! Not good but not too bad! But it's pricy! I went there cause I bought some group vouchers. At last, when I asked the server to pack the food we couldn't finish, he refused and said because we using the voucher and that voucher is for dine-in only. The point is we did eat most foods we ordered in the restaurant, we just can't finish all of them. And this is not a buffet style restaurant. Why we can't pack the food we couldn't finish? Totally ridiculous! This is the first time I walked out a restaurant without any tips left even a penny! And I don't regret that!笑
Decent food, but not very vegetarian friendly. It has limited selection of board games compared to other asian cafe/tea shop of similar style. Environment is nice. Music in the background are from Japanese animes. Staff are friendly. Might come again if they expand their veggie menu.笑
I want to focus on some positive things about this place:

- it's spacious. Never feel cramped to the people sitting next to you
-it's quiet (I came for dinner Friday night), and had a peaceful and quiet dinner)
- great for family ( because it's so spacious and because they are not busy they won't rush you out the door) 
-lots of choices on the menu ( snacks, salad, rice, drinks, desserts). There's something for everyone. 


The food is underwhelming that's for sure. So don't come here for food. Come here if you just want to hang out with friends in a relaxed environment where you can also get some inexpensive "cafeteria" quality food. This place IS called a cafeteria after all.笑
This place is not worth to come. I passed by this place a few times and rarely have anyone inside. So one day I decided to come and see for myself. When we sat down they gave us a menu and we looked at it, there are many items not available and covered up. Finally we decided, the waiter came while holding his phone, seem like he was playing games with his phone. When we told him what we wanted, he said one of thr item isn't available but that wasn't the one that covered up. So figure yourselves why there are so many food items not available when I doubt this place is this busy to have food sold out so fast.

Finally the food came and the portion is small and salty and definitely not worth  $11. So I ended up going another place at the same plaza and bought something else which is more satisfied than what I ate there. Would never come back again!!笑
My co-workers and I had a disappointing lunch experience at Dears Cafeteria last Friday.  The five of us ordered 4 different items.  When asked, none rated their food plus drink higher than 2.5 stars.  Details as follow:

1) Popcorn chicken on rice (2 orders).
 - one rated 2.5 stars.  She said the food tasted okay.  The food came in a medium sized black bowl with chicken on top of rice.  There was only few pieces of chicken; the rest was white rice.  Given the entree was predominately rice, and the portion was small, she found it over priced. 
 - the other rate 2.5 stars.  She had similar comments as the other female coworker, plus complained that the restroom had NO HAND SOAP.  We told a waiter about it, and he said they ran out so there was no refill.  I thought how unhygienic it was for diners to not be able to wash their hands after using the facilities. 
- both co-workers ordered a bubble tea ($3 with meal order).  Both said their drinks tasted bland at the beginning, but overwhelmingly sweet at the end.  
- their food + drink came to $14 with tax per person.  They found it too expensive for just a bowl of food (mostly rice) and a 12 oz drink.

2) Bacon Wrapped Mushroom (1 order) - my co-worker also ordered a drink.  He said the food and drink tasted okay, but it was really expensive.  Believe it or not, the total bill for one snack and one drink was $15 with tax.  Just too expensive.  2.5 stars.

3) Stewed Pork Rice (1 order) - 2.5 stars.  She said it tasted alright, but nothing special.  The portion was just too small.  She said her drink tasted alright.

4) Eel on Rice (my order) - 1 star.  And I gave it all to the 2 pieces of eel.  I would give services negative star if I could.  How bad was the services?  I waited over 40 minutes for my food.  My co-workers were all done eating their food, yet my eel on rice was nowhere in sight.  I knew the duration for sure, because I checked my Yelp check-in time before I waved down a waiter to inquire about my order.  He said they were rushing it.  Yet, I waited approximately another 5 to 10 minutes.  I put my elbows on the table, rested my chin on both of my palms, and put on a blatantly bored look.  He was unmoved.  When the food arrived, there was no apology/thank you for the wait.  There were two small pieces of eel.  The rest was boiled vegetable.  NO SAUCE on rice whatsoever.  I ate one whole bowl of white rice with the little sauce that was glazed on the eel.  The saving grace of the entree was that the ingredients were fresh, and the eel was delicious.  Mind you it was 2 tiny pieces of deliciousness; the rest was plain white rice and boiled vegetable.

By the way, the same waiter gave us the wrong bill (way cheaper though) at the end of meal.  We found out and told him to give us the correct one.  As the place wasn't busy, the error seemed to be unusual.

I finished the meal wondering if Dears Cafeteria really wanted to be in lunch business.  For one, all the food came out slow, not just mine.  The kitchen was clearly unable or unwilling to handle a lunch rush.  Why wouldn't management add staffs to handle Friday's lunch hour, the busiest meal on a weekday?  Secondly, the restaurant is not big, but it was quiet and mostly empty when we visited (remember it was Friday lunch time).  The low value (food/services/price) had a lot to do with the lack of lunch business.  Do they want a lunch crowd or not?

The average of 5 ratings is 2.2 stars.笑
This place has a common issue among Chinese restaurants, that is,  confusing the concepts between yoghurt and  yoga drink / Yoplait,  between ready-to-eat yoghurt with cooking yoghurt.  The potted plant yoghurt here looks great,  but the "yoghurt" is a very raw cooking yoghurt.   The first time I was here,  I ordered cheese burst pork chop.  It was dry and a piece of plastic wrap was still on the  pork chop.  After a few months,  I am here again today and  the  pork chop still has no cheesy burst.  One server today has a really  pissy attitude.  They are short on a few things,  and he told me that in a very matter-of-fact attitude with  no  apologetic tone and offered no alternatives.  The  other server was pleasant and helpful. Spaghetti bolognese has shitaki mushrooms I  it,  which  was  weird.笑
I walked by this place a few days ago and decided to come back here tonight for dessert. We were so disappointed. There was 3 of us and all 3 items that we ordered from the menu were not available! I gave up and didn't have anything. My daughters ordered the same thing, Mango sago cream with Pomelo. Very disappointing and not even photo worthy. We will never be back and definitely do not recommend this place. It was my mistake for not yelping this place before giving it a try.笑
Went there for lunch with my family to try it out.  Decor was fine.  When we were trying to order, there were many items not available.  So we ended up ordering the deep fried pork rice and chicken rice.  Deep fried pork rice I think is supposed to the feature dish at the restaurant but the cut of pork chop was thin that you can hardly know it was actually meat and not just a piece of fried flakes.  And not to mention that it is totally overdone and burnt.  So disappointed.  The chicken rice is average and the drink (Taro tea) was average as well.  The portion was small and we left feeling hungry and had to go next door for crepes.  Will not return for sure.笑
Went there at around 6. Restaurant itself is clean. Ordered the popcorn chicken rice, baked Japanese style beef rice, and a cold milk tea. Prices are $8-10 for an entree which is regular but the portions are quite small. We finished the food but it only left us half full. The taste itself is okay but the portions are just too small. Cold milk tea also felt very diluted. Probably won't be going back.笑
Wondered into this establishment for lunch.. place was spacious and new, but completely empty..

Menu is huge, you can order everything for bubble tea to crepes, to cheesecake, to pasta, to rice, to chicken wings, to slushies, and much much more.

I settled with a Taiwanese Minced Pork Rice. One of my all time favourite dishes..

Took them just less then 10 minutes to microwave everything..

While waiting, I noticed they have many board games available to use.

Back to the food review.. the Minced Pork Rice was not good tasting..  matches the 2 star rating... only thing good was the Minced Pork portion was greater then the portion of rice.. 

Don't think I would ever come back..笑
You know that feeling when you leave the restaurant and feel satisfied with the food, service and just the overall experience of just fantastic and you would yearn to come again? This is not the place to go for this.

We sat down and 1/5 of the items of the food menu was taken out. I tried to order my food but I couldn't find a waiter (there was only one waiter and he did try hard ). My food took an hour and I ordered the curry pork cutlet rice(咖喱豬排飯). The pork cutlet was thin and wasn't tender at all and it was just dry and you can tell it was deep fried too much. I felt like I was biting onto cardboard and getting paper cuts at the same time. There was barely any curry on my rice and it felt like those curry blocks you buy across the street at TNT. 

My friend ordered the stewed pork chop rice(排骨飯). Which is a pretty easy to make dish at home but you can definitely tell the meat wasn't fresh. The meat doesn't stay on the bones and was actually slightly mushy. Overall this dish was a failure.

My mom ordered the Curry Chicken cutlet rice(咖喱雞排飯) and it came as curry chicken rice and it wasn't fried at all.  This was slightly more juicy compared to the pork but again there wasn't enough curry sauce. By the time this dish came we already waited hour and fifteen minutes. 

It feels like they didn't even bother with cooking since they weren't able to handle the dinner hours and it wasn't even packed. The prices are expensive for the quality of the food they give you. Actually, I think the curry pork cutlet rice I got at TNT for $3.99 at the discount hours tasted better and it has been on display for hours.

TLDR; if you were to come for food, I would say just stay home and cook instant noodles and luncheon meat as you would probably enjoy it more. Oh and it would probably take a quarter of the time as well.笑
This was the second stop for our food run today.  Since it was about lunch time we were scanning through the restaurants around the area.  Though there were other similar Taiwanese style restaurants, this is one I have not heard of before so we decided to go for this one just to try it out.

My wife and I ordered a couple of dishes to share: one snack and one entree, because we planned to go to the creperie next door after this.

The bacon and mushroom roll appetizer was the first one that arrived.  It's basically bacon wrapped bundle of enoki mushrooms that are baked I think.  The mushrooms absorbed a bit of the bacon oils and flavor as it had dried up.  It had a sweet dipping sauce which I couldn't discern but the combination of it   All I know is before I knew it, it was gone.

The other thing we ordered was the lu-ro-fan (minced pork on rice).  However, unlike other places, this had NO EGG.

The texture of the meat is the perfect consistency for bolognese (which I will try next time).  It was very light and not globs of thick chunks stuck together.  You really need to mix the meat and the rice, directly eating the meat sauce is likely very salty, but with a good amount of rice it buffered pretty nicely.  The fats blend well with the rice coating it with fragrant goodness.  At this point, I didn't care that it didn't have an egg anymore.

The portions of it may be small compared to other places for the price, but to me they're just the right amount not to make you feel bloated.  It's just enough to make you feel happy with what you eat.

Just had to deduct one star because it was a tad bit slow on service and delivery.  However, it is good overall.笑
When this place opened I was excited to try the food. THe menu looks good but boy was it disappointing.  This was one of those rare times I did not Yelp before going to a restaurant, what a mistake.  Service was so bad. The two guys running the place couldn't handle 3 tables.  When we entered we stood there for a few minutes before we could get eye contact with one of the staff. He pointed us to a seat.  Then we were left there with no menus.  The guy behind the counter just stared at us while I kept saying do I get my own menus?  Not in a condescending way. I truly didn't know. Then after a long time I had enough and went up to get it myself. Then another long wait before he would take our order.  Taro bubble tea did not come out cold. Powder and room temperature. Chicken wings were small and way too salty. And bowl of popcorn chicken and white rice was bland. No hint of mince pork or nothing. Just tons of white rice.  So much potential but not done right. I would not return.