Had a really great time here with my son. Visited in the off season. Spent the night and got breakfast. Stefan was an awesome host. He showed us around the place and in the morning gave us the history place and explained the maple processing steps. Quite interesting to learn about this place's origins and how maple sugar, maple butter and maple syrup are made.  Accommodations were rustic but well appointed. The fireplace in our cabin was incredible. After a hearty breakfast we went on a really nice hike/walk on a trail that ran right behind our cabin and goes for many kilometers.  Highly recommended.笑
L'endroit est magnifique. Le repas proposé (a volonté) est typique et local et est de qualité. L'ambiance vaut le détour en hiver. En été, la sucrerie affiche complet et cela est difficile de profiter pleinement de l'endroit. La visite des installations et les explications de la confection du sirop sont très intéressantes et la boutique propose des produits de très grande qualité. Nous avons acheté du sirop d'érable et nous ne sommes pas déçu. Si vous vous y rendez durant l'été, évitez de manger dehors pour les piqûres d'insectes (tout se passe en bord de forêt). L'hiver, le site est juste magnifique et la visite est beaucoup plus calme. Ouvert toute l'année, le patron, atypique, sait recevoir et c'est un plaisir de l'avoir rencontré.笑
We came here on a weekday evening for supper.  The place was not packed like your typical weekend brunch.  The meal itself was satisfying (bacon, eggs, meatballs, sausage, beans, pea soup, mashed potatoes, pancakes, sugar pie etc.).  If I had to rate the place only on the meal and indoor service it would've easily gotten 4 stars.

Here's the not so positive part.  For a place that labels itself as the "best cabane a sucre around" where it costs over 40$ a person, the final "tire d'érable" outdoors was a major letdown, the worst I've ever ever had. Our supper was at 7pm and we were the first ones out that evening at 830pm.  They had plenty of time to prepare.  The snow for the tire was not fresh nor did it look clean.  The tire itself was not even warmed up.  It was so cold and stiff, the young lady was unable to spread it properly on the snow. We had to wait an extra 15-20 mins for her to reheat the tire in a bucket of hot water.  They were unprepared and when you are paying such a high price, this is simply unacceptable.

The site/location itself is beautiful.  But with the whole "tire d'érable" situation, I cannot recommend this place unless it is rectified.  In the spirit continuous improvement, I hope they take this feedback constructively.笑
Sucrerie de la Montagne is in my view one of the best sugar shacks around Mtl. The surroundings are beautiful. Developed just enough  to enjoy but without the "commercial" feeling you get at other sugar shacks. The food is simply delish and includes all of the cabane a sucre classics. La tourtière is included in the price (vs other places where you have to pay extra). Desert consists of pancakes, sugar pie & la tire served outside. Enjoy!笑
I'm pretty particular about my food, but it was definitely better than I expected! The server was super nice, he gave us a tour of the maple syrup making room and told us all about how it gets made! Great place to bring kids! Recommended activity if you are in the Montreal area!笑
Okay, it was pretty cool. The setting was amazing. So much food I thought I was going to be sick. Go there if you like to freebase maple syrup.笑
The Cabane a sucre experience is a springtime tradition in the province of Quebec. It sure is a nice celebration to transition seasons from the long cold winters to the snow melting and spring. Once the snow starts melting the sap starts running. The perfect temp for this is freezing at night and above zero in the daytime. For a prairie boy growing up in Central Canada it was different and kinda crazy the first few years I had experienced it. Then I went year two and three and the experience was more of like an AYCE wooden cabin. It was about stuffing your face with a pseudo breakfast meal with maple syrup drizzled over everything. We needed to find a new Cabane. You see folks, some are really like a glorified cafeteria so choose your Cabane wisely. 

I would say Sucerie de la Montage has a very ethereal setting and feel. It's really majestic as you enter in. Open year round you drive up and are brought back in time. The setting is magical. I'd compare it to entering Boone Hall plantation (outside of Charleston, SC) however the magical oak trees are replaced by hundred year old maple trees. There is a general store (full of everything maple syrup and souvenir) and a few chalets that you could rent out to stay on the property. The trees and the forest surrounding the buildings are some of the nicest you will visit at a Cabane. Take photos, it's incredible. The buildings are old and it gives you a historical sense for what life was like for a fur trader perhaps 200 years ago. 

Inside there is a grand fireplace, a few separate dining halls where you sit picnic style setting while traditional Québécois style music sets the mood. The decor is incredible and fits the mood of the place well. There are photos of the founder and owner Pierre Faucher. A mythical legend of a man himself. The best I could describe him is he looks like he was a traveller in Samuel De Champlain's entourage. Or he could fit the bill for Santa Claus himself with his big white beard. We were able to see him and he took photos with the kids who were excited to see this grand old man. 

Enough about the place...... Onto the food. 

There is a healthy selection of all rich Cabane food

First starting off with a very good:

* split pea soup. I love it. 

Then the main event: 

* fluffy eggs
* crispy bacon
* fresh bread
* baked beans
* oven roasted ham
* pork sausage
* mashed potatoes

As condiments: 
Quebec style sweet ketchup, pickled beets, massive bottle of dark maple syrup

For dessert :

* tarte au sucre plus pancakes. 

Overall the food was good but not blow your mind amazing. Then the price tag $38 per adult. This is the prime season rate. It drops down to $33 in off season. Kids 3-6 are $13 and 7-12 $19. 

Taking this into consideration it's an expensive event. There are Cabanes that are cheaper but this one is special for the setting. Would I come back? Maybe a great place for a corporate event or to wow someone who has never been. Otherwise probably not. You leave the place usually moaning and groaning from the rich food. Alas the Cabane is a great time. Try your best keeping the eating under control. Otherwise loosen the belt buckle as you leave!笑
Nice place to enjoy the unique ambiance of French canadian maple grove笑
What a wonderful experience this was!

My good friend in Montreal thought it would be fun to take me here, and I'm glad that she did. The food was delicious! The carriage ride was entertaining, and the music was perfect for dancing. 

Make sure that your whole day is blocked off this event; it takes time to get seated and do the whole tour of the sugar shack.笑
There are plenty of touristy areas around southeastern Canada, but if you'd prefer something much more traditionally Canadian, this syrup farm is a great choice if you're visiting the area. I believe you're officially supposed to make a reservation, but my group kind of just showed up to the restaurant and the hostess seated us right away. We were treated to their traditional sugar shack meal which included 3 courses. The appetizer was their delicious split pea soup of which I had 2 bowls with their homemade complimentary bread. The main course provided a ton of options: omelette, sausage, bacon, meat pie, meatballs, mashed potatoes, and maple baked beans. And for dessert, incredible crepes and maple sugar pie. Oh, it's all you can eat. Everything was homemade and authentic. One downside is the price, about $40 per person. But this experience of the roots of traditional Canada is well worth it in my opinion.笑
Sucrerie isn't just a restaurant...it's more of an experience. Upon arrival, we were greeted by a gentleman (who appeared to be the owner) who insisted on taking us into the restaurant on a horse carriage. The setting was completely breathtaking with the lush green foliage and clear, crisp air - a much needed change from the smog clouds in LA. 

The restaurant was nicely decorated with local flowers (I'm not sure if this comes as part of the restaurant or if it was something that the bride/groom had added for the rehearsal dinner) and candles. Shortly after arriving, a gentleman got up on stage and sang various french songs (classics), in addition to some classic rock songs (CCR, Sweet Home Alabama). I wasn't exactly sure what genre of music he specialized in...or what his point was for the evening, but in a weird way, he added a nice touch to the evening. At one point, he had various individuals on stage partaking in dancing, singing and various other ridiculous activities...but one thing was clear - everyone was having a good time. 

The food on the other hand was another story. My meal included the following: split pea soup, eggs, sausage, meat pie, mashed potatoes, ham and for dessert, we had pancakes with maple syrup. In case you were wondering...this was a rehearsal dinner for a wedding and not breakfast. I was totally confused as to the food situation and what the overall theme was...but what the heck. We've got a random guy singing songs from Edith Piaf to CCR...and I've got pancakes on my plate. Totally random with no rhyme or reason. But like I said, I had a good time. 

Overall, the service was great...the food was a bit "confusing"...and the ambiance and setting were spectacular. It was definitely an experience I will never forget.笑
It's a sweet old school experience with maple dripping from the trees outside and more food than you can shake a stick at. The only shaking you'll do though is from sugar shock. The only issue is the sound. Our entire meal a group of youth from Massachusetts were led in songs, dancing the Macarena, and playing the spoons. Also a conga line. I get that kids need to be entertained but the experience was painful to the point where we could hardly speak to one another and the passing kids occasionally nudged us while we ate. The atmosphere here is so great and warm that it was a real shame and given the price felt like a bit of a waste to drive so far to spend an hour annoyed. (There's more than one dining room as well, so perhaps ask if this sort of thing is happening and you can be seated elsewhere. On our visit these rooms, while lit up, were unavailable).笑
I'm a little biased because I'm from Rigaud, still, I go there with my family for the experience. They are open all year round. There are log cabins (for rent), sleigh rides, maple-forest surroundings, a bakery, 'tire sur neige', trails that lead to town (which we use to get there), a sugar shack, and a huge event space with the biggest fireplace I've ever seen. Oh, and let's not forget the music!

It's part of our heritage. 
The food is not so fancy and may even be a little pricey, but when you're with friends and the ambiance is festive... everything tastes good!笑
Mon avis ne change pas. Par contre, notez que vous devez acheter un billet avant votre heure de réservation. Une journée, achalander cela peu facilement prendre une heure. S'il fait froid habillez-vous en conséquence. 

Ça vaut définitivement le temps d'attente!笑
This is one of the few Maple Syrup Farms left that still does things the old fashioned way...The tradition of harvesting syrup by tapping the trees in the winter in snowshoes, collecting the sugar water into aluminum pails, adding water and heat from a wood fire below the boilers to boil the sugar water. So much hard work and LOVE go into this process. Every bottle of maple syrup that goes on the tables at Sucrerie de la Montagne comes from the trees on that property. The rest get drizzled onto the snow outside the shack that tells you all about the process. You haven't lived till you've rolled your stick into the hard sticky ball that forms on top of the snow and tasted its delicious natural sweetness!

Just an hour WEST of Montreal, this is a beautiful afternoon that you will never forget. A real French Canadian experience. Make your reservation on-line or by phone call to secure a date and time. You don't have to pay till you arrive. It's about $100/family of 4. We also tipped our waiter Matthew $20 for taking such good care of us in the dining hall. The food in the dining hall is ALL-YOU -CAN -EAT  and these guys mean it! With a guy on the fiddle, spoons and even a bandsaw people were tie tapping and dancing around. 

Outside there is a bakery, sweet shack, gift house and even games on busy days. Allow about 2-3 hours for the afternoon.笑
Its a great location, maple syrup fantastic. Fun family outing. Paid 39$ for a ticket. Which seemed kind of pricey for what you get. 39$ included 1 horse buggy ride,tour of bakery and maple syrup production/maple on snow and breakfast which is your standard cabane a sucre foods. 

I ate there home made chow chow "tomato relish" was very tasty. Home made pickles and beets. Also had baked eggs and beans. Home made bread was great. Amazingly tasty pea soup. I was told a vegetarian menu option was available. However i waited for veggie pie for over Half an hour. My friends had eaten the meat balls "ragout boulet" mashed boiled potatoes,tourtière,ham,sausage,pancakes,and bacon of course. 

Servers didn't really bring food all at once i didn't even have a plate at one time. Really bad service and felt rushed. 

high volume kind of place they serve 1400-1600 people a day i was told. 

Waitress was terrible and slow and couldn't speak english. Cutlery was gross and dirty. Very loud, live music was a fiddler that played for 5 mins and was sort of annoying. Maple cream pie fantastic! Buy some to take home. Also great organic beers available.

The 1 horse ride was not available because horses were tired well then have more horses to divide the work up!! I paid 39$ for that to be included and they said we had to wait almost 2 hours! What a rip off!  Plus my friends kids were crying. If you reserve and have vegetarians as your guests make sure to tell them so they have the option of veggie pie.笑
Here's another one where I'm caught like a deer in the headlights: I'm not sure how to score the experience, although it was interesting enough to want to score it high - maybe a 4 star, but I was unprepared for the cost of it which would have scored it low! But I absolutely have to say something here because it was so worth the visit once, anyway!

We were invited by friends to go visit a sugar shack, but only after agreeing did we find out that it was to be in Rigaud which is over 1 hour's drive for us, just over the Quebec border (our friends live in Ottawa too; it was clear once they mentioned it that we would be meeting some of their family who would also be driving in... from Montreal! How fun is that? So, the company was good, to start with).

The Sucrerie de la Montagne is really promoting their farm as a business which is open to the public, and with the sap running through the maples at this time of year, they are really doing it in big style! It seems they are well prepared for it, making the visit well worthwhile. They offer sleigh rides up and down the long driveway, pulled by a pair of friendly brown horses. It seems to me that Quebeckers really know how to embrace winter, and it is no different here! They have created a little village on this farm, with small cabins on each side of the long driveway. Some of these are for rent overnight (quite reasonably so, as I understand it), while one was set up as a boulangerie, and another distributed a "tire sur neige" (a maple syrup lollypop!), and yet another represented a store. The gentleman who owns the property is quite a character, himself! He has a full beard, and he dresses in traditional clothing, including the traditional Quebec woven sash. A painting of him was posted in the great hall, so there was no mistaking him as he was walking around greeting people! Everyone we met was warm and friendly.

First of all and on the upside, you get into the dining hall, and you are greeted by beautifully set tables with china and glassware. This is unexpected for a sugar shack! Then their breakfast does not only include pancakes and syrup, but ALSO: delicious home-made pickles (I was sorry I had to share the jar!) and beats, bacon, sausage, tourtière, meatballs, sliced ham, bread, good coffee... did I get everything? I'm not even sure! The breakfast is all you can eat, and is served by a very busy wait staff. Unfortunately, they were barely able to keep pace with demand. There is live music on one side of the great hall, and the absolutely most humungous fireplace on the opposite wall - I've seen bedrooms that were smaller! There was a fire blazing in the back of the fireplace, literally 6 feet away which threw a staggering heat at us. The band was very lively and loud. The noise in the place was raucous!

On the downside: they charge nearly $40 per person! It was hard to get second helpings, and they didn't bring enough plates or enough food for our large party (they ran out of pancakes so we asked for a 2nd plate, which was a while in coming...) YIKES! And although the tasty maple syrup they served at breakfast was also offered for sale in the store, it cost about $30 per litre. Also a downer was that in the dining hall (the "great hall"), the tables were really wooden picnic benches stacked end to end, two at a time, around the outside of the room. It gets very crowded in here. When you were seated, and the tables beside you also were seated, it was virtually impossible to get up and get out of your seat. Worse than that, you are back to back with the people behind you. It was so close that at one point. I reached back to pull down my sweater, but I grabbed the person behind me in error! I did apologize, and she was graceful about it, but I was very embarrassed. I'm no pickpocket but it would have been very easy in this situation!

And this is no place for a vegetarian! Not enough choices for those of us who don't eat meat.

I will try to post pictures, if I can.

Will I be back? Not likely any time soon, but I would recommend it once for anyone looking for such a fun experience.笑
No No No No. What a tourist trap. 

Expectation: All you can eat brunch, plates over flowing with classic Quebecois food like pork rinds, beans, giant pancakes smothered in maple syrup. Also an experience that will transport you to another time. 

Reality: Paid $40+ per person for 

-Split pea soup 
- thin & dry meat pies
- tasteless ham and breakfast sausages
- mashed potatoes, beans
- tasteless steamed egg loaf
- small thin, plain coaster sized pancakes

NO bacon, NO pork rinds and NO jam! Believe me, I asked. What breakfast place does not have any kind of jam? 

This experience sure did transport me to another time: It's 1930s and there is a famine. 

The only redeeming factor was the company I had. 

I would say do not go in the summer off-season if you can help it, it's not worth it without the maple taffy on snow they have in the winter. 

Also we did not get a horse carriage ride, because they did not have enough people book a head of time. 

The service was terrible, the older lady in charge (often the only one there) seems to not care too much about the customers, moving slowly and painting her nails while talking to us. She didn't even bother to look up from her nails when we asked her for directions on the way out.笑
Avec des amis nous sommes allés dans cette cabane à sucre, car ils l'avaient deja fréquentés 3 ans auparavant. Nous avons dû payer à l'avance avant d'entrer dans la cabane. Jusque là rien d'anormal, beau paysage, du monde un peu partout. Lorsqu'on nous a demandé de payer, nous avons halluciné sur le prix.. 43,50$ par personne! Nous avions deja fait d'autres cabanes à sucre, certaines étaient meilleures que d'autres mais cela n'a jamais dépassé les 30$. Nous pensions peut être avoir de ce fait une belle variété de nourriture. Quelle déception! Une soupe de pois ce qu'il y a de plus banal, et tout simplement du jambon, des saucisses grasses industrielles, de l'omelette sans gout, et une tourtière qui gouttait uniquement les clous de girofle... Comme dessert tarte au sucre et crepes. 
Nous avons eu droit à un spectacle concert qui aurait mérité d'être supprimer, et mettre l'argent dans un meilleur choix de plats pour le même prix.
Pour la fin, nous voulions déguster une tire d'érable, le commis à la tire venait quand il y pensait, et certaines personnes s'enchaînaient les tires sans penser aux autres. Aucune autorité en la matière, chacun fait ce quil veut. 
Expérience tres décevante.笑
The food was delicious and the surroundings were incredible.  Felt like it was 1920 and we were having dinner after a hard day in the forest gathering the sap.