I can't complain is a nice place and they have a day special menu. By far is better and cheaper than our Four Points Hotel. Donna is a nice waitress and I really love my 32 oz of beer for 7.99. Every time that I have an overnight in Toronto I like to come here with my coworkers. My only complaint is that recently I can't connect to their Free Wi Fi, they need to improve it.笑
I have been coming here for a few years and love it here.

Everyday there is a Daily special.  I know Monday is Wings night $0.35 a wing.  Wednesday is Burgers night and there are over 10 different selections to choose from and it comes with fries.
Also daily from 3-6pm and from 8pm 'til close the apps are half price.

I love going for their wings, apps and Perogies.

Also downstairs there are pool tables... free pool!

Summertime the patio is a great place to hang out.

Donna is the best waitress here and she is the best!!!

Try this place!  You wont be disappointed!笑
Just don't.  Go somewhere else.  Slow service and the Reuben was fatty and basically ham笑
I stumbled upon this place after reading online that it had $0.45 wing nights on Mondays & Thursdays. I was hesitant at first, for the fear of the wings being of marginal quality relative to the cheap price - however I was completely wrong. The wings were massive and amazing! All the friends I went with also felt the same way, this place is probably the best value for GOOD wings in Mississauga.

However - The establishment itself...  really a mess, like everything is just everywhere all over the place - no shape for the setting of the seating and tables.

Also their regular patrons are quite the characters. I'd say they primarily consist of truckers, other blue collar workers from the surrounding 401 Dixie work area, and of course the swingers from the night before coming to eat their hangover away- oh yeah I forgot to mention it turns into a SWINGERS CLUB at night time lol. So you'll find many middle aged men and women (mostly men) there who like I previously mentioned either have come in to eat/drink their hangover away, or woke up in the washroom and just started drinking again lol.

So you definetly do NOT want to bring you gf or significant other here unless you dont mind them being eye-raped by every trucker from here to Wyoming lol but if you come with the guys its a good place for cheap drinks, good valued wings, and oh yeah they have like 5 pool tables which are free for all customers - forgot to mention the pool thats also a good bonus.笑
Hands down best chicken wings in town great service. I eat here all the time and have never had a bad meal and you can't beat the price. Only bad spot is the men's washroom needs to be fixed up its pretty bad.