This place makes a mean grilled cheese with a great selection of cheeses. The quality is great and every time I go to the Phoenix Public Market on Friday afternoons for lunch, its always a toss up between this place and Short Leash because both places are top notch. My personal favorite of theirs is the Veggie which has roasted red peppers, provolone, tomato, basil, arugula and balsamic all for $6, which is not too bad considering the average market and cost of food truck food in  Phx.Ǿ
OMG!!!!! I think I'm in love yum the onion grilled cheese is amazing & the prices are very fair the employees are fun and helpful  we had them at a meet up for our babies Easter party and it was great ! Can't wait to look up their schedule this month I'm already craving another one you must have this if you see them around :)Ǿ
The Carnitas sandwich is 'life changing' ... enjoy! ... YUM!Ǿ
My brother and I hit up paradise melts at food truck friday downtown and we shared the Cubano and the Carnitas. Holy grilled cheese. It just doesn't get any better! This is definitely a food truck worth following even if it means eating a melt sitting outside in 110 degree weather.Ǿ
We had decided to grab some beers at the Four Peaks Tap Room and try our luck with whatever food truck happened to be outside. And boy, did we luck out!!

I couldn't decide if I wanted the Jailbreak or the Carnitas sandwich... I'm always a fan of carnitas, but I was intrigued by the Parmesan crust on the Jailbreak. I happened to mention this and the awesome food-truckeer said he could make me the Carnitas with the Parmesan crust. Of course I said yes!

We went inside to order our beers and before we knew it our sandwiches were hand delivered to is inside the tap room.

My Carnitas was delicious.  The meat was so tender and the green chili balanced the sandwich wonderfully. My husband got the Mr. Beef and I wish I could tell you about it but I only got a tiny tasty morsel of it before he had devoured it... Needless to say he loved it, and between bites I think I heard him murmur something about the horseradish sauce being excellent.

We can't wait for the next time we will run into Paradise Melts again! Definitely good people and good food.Ǿ
Don't tell my mom, but Paradise Melts makes the best grilled cheese sandwich I've ever had.  I've tried several - all are amazing.  The Jailbreak has a delicious, crispy parmesan crust that makes the sandwich.  The Cubano is probably my favorite - the pickle and dijon sauce work so perfectly together.  I love it, and I don't even like Swiss cheese.  The best part - they almost always have delicious, locally-made gluten free bread on the truck.  Big slices too, so you're getting your money's worth! I stop and grab a sandwich and a Mexican Coke anytime I see them out and about.Ǿ
I will miss their yummy melts, I just scarfed down the Jailbreaker! A concoction of four cheese melted in white bread, buttered, with Parmesan cheese, it's decadent and delicious!! 

I just got word they are leaving our fair city to cooler climes, and moving to Denver, so, I gotta have their Carnitas Melt one last time! xxǾ
A fan of the PHX Food Truck scene, I've tried to make it a point to try each truck that shows to the Friday Food Court or the Phoenix Public Market at least once.  I have been to Paradise at least 2 times now and I can say I am more than pleased with the quality food and service.  
I have tried the Pastrami sandwich and the Reuben. Both had generous portions of meat & cheese on grilled marble rye. 
Several have recommend their veggie sandwich which is next on my list to try here.
 These sandwiches are quite large (relative, I know) perfect for a hearty appetite. $ 6 for the sandwich or $ 8 to make it a meal, with a drink and a side.
The menu may seem small until you see all the individuals items you can combine to build your own sandwich.
Stop in you won't be disappointed.Ǿ
Mmmm. So bomb. Mr. Beef!!! So bomb. Then I got the jailbreak 4 cheese but couldn't come close to finishing it all, so stuffed.. Excited for my lunch tomorrow. And I thought I was a grilled cheese pro...Ǿ
Visited Food Truck Friday for the first time today. This truck caught my eye and I'm glad it did! 
Just finished The Jailbreak (the one with four cheeses) and wow! I thought this would be a simple sandwich and I was wrong! Definitely recommend Paradise Melts! Yum! Delicious!Ǿ
Un - freaking - believable!  Just had their french onion soup sandwich at the Co-Hoots event downtown, and it tasted just like french onion soup on a sandwich. Yum!!Ǿ
I tried this truck while at four peaks tasting room. The prices were good and the service was very friendly. I was just not a fan of the food. It didn't stand out in anyway. Maybe grilled cheese and beer don't mix, well at least for me it didn't.Ǿ
FALSE ADVERTISEMENT!!!
They advertise the Veggie sandwich: slow cooked squash, mushroom, pepper and onion mixture with smoked Guada on sourdough. Instead it's with avocado (don't like) tomatoes (don't care for) on what appears to be flat bread. If I had known this I never would have ordered it. I'm at work and wasn't able to get away, so I had someone pick it up for me, only to bring back something that ended up in the trash can. As I said if I had known that's what was on that sandwich I never would have ordered it.Ǿ
Paradise Melts is awesome!  We actually used them for an office staff-appreciation event.  They pulled the truck right into our office parking lot and served their awesome and unique grilled cheeses to our salivating staff.  The price for this catered event was extremely reasonable and food was top notch.  The "aporkalypse" was awesome.  Owner Blaise and his girlfriend offered top notch service as well.  5 star operation all around!Ǿ
found them at the food truck fair over the weekend and the smell coming from the truck was amazing!  I grabbed a basic grilled cheese for my 3 year old and almost ate the whole thing myself it was so good.  my one complaint was it took a long time.  there was only a few people in line and waiting for food yet it still took a while.  next time i want to try the one with bacon!!!Ǿ
The Cubano sandwich is the best thing I have ever bought from any food truck- and we sure do hit up the local trucks! I would get this sandwich again, and am looking forward to trying their other items on the menu!!Ǿ
Paradise Melts takes the standard delectable grilled cheese and turns it into your own little culinary piece of heaven. Great food, decent prices and outstanding service make his food truck a winner.Ǿ
Simply a wonderful experience! Just what you are looking for in an incredible sandwich. The chef takes great pride in making a superior product with local ingredients. Be hungry or ask them to wrap up what you can't finish. Wish the @paradisemelts truck could be found more often!Ǿ
Okay so I wouldn't gosh darn know how the food is cuz the address posted on yelp for it just took me to some residential cul-de-sac in Scottsdale t30 in the morning. Very unhappy and very hungryǾ
So the BF and I went to check out the food trucks at the Phoenix Public Market today... such a good idea! We split a Bodhi Beef melt and it was really tasty. The girl that works in the truck was also super friendly and helpful. I would definitely recommend trying this place.... it's not just grilled cheese, it's super fresh and delicious sandwiches with some nice ingredients. Next time I might get the veggie.... looks good!Ǿ
I have eaten here multiple times and each time a vastly different grilled cheese. Mr Beef, delicious!...French Onion, amazing!...oh, and the one with the tomato jam is probably my favorite! I hear they even have a grilled cheese with doritos on it!! I usually visit Paradise Melts at Food Truck Friday downtown each week.Ǿ
Eight coworkers and I paid a visit to the Paradise Melts truck this week and we were all very impressed. The staff is super friendly and welcoming, and eager to answer any questions. The wait was minimal, and the food was great!

You have a choice between a (huge) sandwich ($6), or, the sandwich meal ($8) which includes your choice of a side of Mediterranean pasta salad or cole slaw, as well as your choice of a fresh iced tea or lemonade.

I had the Cali Melt - turkey, avocado, tomato, cheese on grilled multi-grain bread. It was very hearty and filling. I got the meal deal figuring the sandwich would be of normal proportions but they really stuff 'em full of goodness! The portion of pasta salad is large too. You could definitely get two meals out of the meal deal. I will eat anything if you put feta and olives on it, so I was all about the pasta salad, which also had some onion throughout. Everyone gobbled theirs down. My lemonade was perfect, not too sweet.

Others ordered the Reuben, the Veggie, and the Roast beef. All of the sandwiches have generous amounts of fixins. This food is such a welcome alternative to all the chains near our office that serve up the same old boring deli fare. They have a standard menu to select from but you can also build your own "melt" with anything they have. I'm thinking a turkey Reuben is in my future. We can't wait to see Paradise Melts in the neighborhood again!

You can follow them on Twitter to find their current location - http://twitter.com/ParadisemeltsǾ
Paradise Melts changed my life. Not only is the food great, but that Mike Baum guy is pretty OK too. He's kind of like Russel from Office Space meets an animate beard.Ǿ
Had the grilled cheese with tomato jam at Paradise Melts at the Street eats in Scottsdale. Awesome sandwich. 
I'm guessing it was either country white or potato bread, I didn't ask. Bread was buttered and toasted edge-to-edge, like any self respecting griller should be. 
The tomato jam was a nice foil for the butter. Just the right amount so it didn't overpower the star-all that gooey, melted cheese. 
Service was a bit slow, even though the line was extremely short. Don't know where they went wrong there. 
I will try it again.Ǿ
As a self proclaimed grilled cheese connoisseur, Paradise Melts gets two thumbs WAY up from me!  The carnitas grilled cheese with the avacado dipping sauce is AMAZING! My mouth is watering just thinking about it right now.  Not to mention, the impeccable service was a nice touch and my meal was served with a smile... Paradise Melts has earned a loyal customer!  Can't wait to visit them again!