It's nice to finally have a Panera Bread on this side of Lorain County. I love the way this location is set up. There are lot's of nooks and crannies to relax in especially if you want to utilize their free Wi-Fi. As far as Panera Bread's go this location is fairly large and has ample seating. They even have an outdoor patio. I would highly recommend trying one of their sandwiches with a nice bowl of soup and then getting a bagel or pastry for dessert. . The food is always good quality and I have never had any issues with them making something incorrectly. Any time I have any concern the managers are available to listen to what I have to say.

There are a few seats that have an accessible outlet, but I would bring an extension cord if you need a plug....just in case! To me, this is the only downside of this location. 

If you are looking for a location in Lorain County to do some work on your computer and need free Wi-Fi I would definitely give this Panera Bread location a try.Ǿ
We dined at this Panera Bread this past weekend, first time ordering an Italian sandwich.  When I received my order, it appeared that there was no meat on the sandwich, so I opened it up and a very small amount of meat on a small portion of the roll (no exaggeration you could not see it).  I took the sandwich back up asking the Manager if this was correct - and she responded "yes."  We were very surprised - we've never seen anything like this.  Naturally we will not be returning anytime soon!Ǿ
Great service. Everyone is so friendly. I love going there to work. Great atmosphere. Soups are all great. I love the chicken with wild rice. It's amazing. I would recommend going there for your next lunch break.Ǿ
Clean, quick and courteous! The staff was helpful and accommodating! They made the perfect sandwich!Ǿ
I am sad to say 1 star is as low as Yelp will let me give. I don't even understand how this place and Panera in general are even open. Their customer service is a rag-tag bunch of high school kids who can hardly talk to themselves in the mirror, let alone actual people. Panera Bread's food items are just slightly healthier than McDonald's. Everything but the bread is pre-packed, processed  and literally consists of sloppily slapping a sandwich together or microwaving something. BUT THEY STILL FUCK IT UP!!! Make sure you check your order twice before you leave the establishment. This is the ideal place for those that enjoy junk food that is dressed up nicely (if not fucked up), and overcharged more than you can comprehend. If I could get away with destroying one building in this whole world and not be charged, it would be this one without any doubt. Do yourself a favor and just go to subway and use free wifi anywhere else in the world.Ǿ
Wonderful service, but never used buzzer before so that was weird. But worked out. I got a breadbowl and hubs got the Greek salad (he's Greek and loved it) will definitely be back!!!Ǿ
Open for business!

THE UP-SIDE:  This location is brand-spankin' new, just a stone's throw from Route 2, and always hopping.  While some might bemoan the whole "corporate" coffee chain thing - myself included at times - I really don't mind Panera.  The food is definitely a step above average fast food, and the drinks are quite good.  In addition, the place has a very warm, open, and welcoming vibe - something I require to sit down and write.  

THE DOWN-SIDE:  Outlets, or lack thereof.  Look, I know the management of Panera doesn't want people camping here all day, but if you're gonna promote yourself as a place to hang out and drink coffee, then you'd better walk the walk.  On any given day, there are tons of people who visit here with laptops.  Panera knows this, and yet, outlets are scarce.  Makes no sense and does nothing but frustrate the customers.  That said, there are a few to be found if you try real hard.

THE SUM-IT-UP:  Not my favorite restaurant on the planet, but a solid choice for fast, good food and a nice place to write.  

...but please, save me an outlet!Ǿ
My wife and I stopped for lunch.  A new menu with new items and new prices.  Of course our choices are no longer available.  So we picked something.  I had a 1/2 Italian sandwich and cup of soup and a soda. The wife had a 1/2 Sierra turkey sandwich and cup of soup and a soda.   The price was $22.95.   What a major disappointment.  Food was marginal and price was outrageous.    It will be a long time before returning.  Shame on Panera.Ǿ
Not the best service anymore.  At one point this was a good Panera, but the poor customer service from the untrained staff they have working in there makes my most recent experiences, overall frustrating.

I have witnessed unprofessional behaviors by girls who are called "managers" too - who treat the teens working there like garbage.  I just think teens deal with enough "bullying" in high school, without having to go to work only to be treated the same way by people they are supposed to look up to.Ǿ
I am updating my review from before, because I feel as though this place needs to get much better.
I have had orders messed up on occasions, and I can understand every once and awhile, but not as often as it is here. If this were the only reason I would be fine with it, but it gets worse than that. I feel as though this location doesn't care much about food safety. I got scones that were hard and chewy, tea that has what looked like strings in it, and cold sandwich where the vegetables seemed warmer than they should be (if you look up the health inspection of this place I can see why). I have on 3 occasions (one recently) where I have intestinal issues after eating here (I do not want to be too descriptive) as well. 
I ask workers when the tea was made, and they never seem to know; but they have a sticker with a time on it on the tea. When I came in in the morning the sticker said 2pm and they said that is when it is good until; then I come in at 3:30 and it says 2pm, and they say that is when it was made. To me this is unorganized and when it comes to food and food safety; these things should be known 100%. 
I also have a gripe about one of the managers (younger blonde) when I asked her a question she actually looks at her coworker and laughed; then answered. I was a little taken aback at this response.
The only reason I am giving them a 2 star instead of 1 is because a couple of their other managers have made things right before for me, and they have been friendly as can be. One even greeted me by name; and this made me feel very welcome. 
All in all I will not be coming back here, because I feel when you pay restaurant prices at a sandwich place; the food, service, and quality should be much higher than this. I should not have 3 intestinal issue problems when paying these prices, and the employees should know when things were made at these prices as well. I am not one to gripe and complain, but I feel they need to work on these issues.Ǿ
One of my favorite choices for fast, quality casual dining. I love using the free wi-if to eat a good meal and get some work or reading done. 
The atmosphere is really nice, with a great interior and medium-sized dining area. 
For a quick bite I highly recommend the grilled cheese with bacon.Ǿ
Panera as a franchise is three stars for me, but this location had chilly unwelcoming service, no hi/greeting. After we stood there looking at the menu, the cashier snapped "can i help you". Long wait on a coffee when we were the only customers. Coffee was prepared just fine.