for once, i felt old. upon entering, you are immediately asked for your id..to make sure you're 18. so you can hookah.

after the feeling-old bit passed, i felt like a cougar. loads of 18-to-early-20-year-old boys from every stereotype you could want..mohawks and muscle tees? check. plaid button-downs and skinny jeans? check. polos and khakis? check. take your pick. i mean, NO! NO! STAY AWAY FROM THE YOUNGER BOYS.

it's sexy, how blasphemous it is. being in a large space that used to be a church but now has rows upon rows of hookahs, tapestries adorning the walls, and a giant projection screen featuring music videos with middle eastern beauties shaking it and seducing you with song.

and then..it suddenly feels like college all over again. you sit on your floor pillow, make yourself comfortable, use the ikea lack table and get your food and drink served on // in the ikea färgrik plates and mugs. how am i so sure? i lived it. and you probably did, too.

there are a couple miserable-looking employees here, but karin, our main girl, was on top of her game. she chatted with us when she could and replaced our coals without us asking. even though you could tell she was tired, she kept a smile on her face and made the experience pleasant. the owner is also very attentive and always asks patrons how their experience was before they head out. snaps.

more than anything, this place is great for a walk down memory lane (if you were into this kind thing in high school or the early college years..or when you studied abroad in turkey and // or the middle east) and people-watching. if i come back, i'll likely request to sit upstairs, so the young ones don't distract (read:: tempt) me.

some notes::
- $2.50 minimum per person if you're smoking hookah. which is more than reasonable, but is angering when you're not hungry, order a $3 cardamom milk and get..warm milk. where's the cardamom? i'm not trying to fall asleep here.

- cash only, but there's a 5/3 atm in-house. (i've always had something against fifth-third though..i HATE improper fractions.)

- i dare you to try and leave without stopping for kabobs outside the café. the aroma is mouth-watering, even when it's 20 degrees outside.笑
At this point, I don't know who they're catering to...went to Sphinx on a Friday night hoping for a chill time, and the music was so loud and terrible that my friends couldn't hear each other talk.  It's not like we went there to listen to some cover band I've never heard of, I have no idea why they'd hire a band..

On top of that we had to pay a cover for the shitty music, plus each buy a drink. Ended up paying $11 for a lousy night with bad entertainment and little conversation. I complained to the manager at the end of the night, and he was a complete asshole, didn't speak much English, and told us to complain to our waiter instead.  I will never go there again and I'll tell all my friends not to, either.

There's a new hookah bar opening on Semple street next week, and I'm positive it will be better than Sphinx!笑
c'mon this place is a joke. The hookah always  burns out quick and his bowls are as small as possible, you can never air out the smoke and it always becomes harsh. Not to mention the menu compares in complexity to the US tax code and the quality of his beverages are far below expectation. Especially avoid all coffee beverages.  Basically its a 18-20 hangout spot.笑
Place is way overpriced!!! A hookah and a sandwich costed me 30$
Good ambience but overpriced笑
I tend to check out this place for its open mic night and atmosphere. The atmosphere though isn't worth the steep price. There's a one drink minimum and I'm okay with that. The cheapest thing on the menu is water for $2.50. They do accept cards but there's a fee for taking your card. I also didn't like that my waiter tipped himself. He just assumed that my $2 was his tip. I probably won't be a regular at this place.笑
I guess if Sphinx was close to home rather than being almost 400 miles away I would probably give them another shot. Atmosphere was really kind of cool, with comfy couches kitschy seating and, surprisingly, patio furniture that I suppose was there to save money on decor. Being in an old church really added quite a bit visually and I was more than pleased. 

Rules abound here. No touching the hookas. Have ID ready. No cigar smoking. 

Hooka was on par with anything else I've had although the two of us shot through it much quicker than we had at other places. Food was okay but nothing to write home about. Since there's little competition in that area, I assume that they can draw crowds without having to set the cuisine bar all that high.  Worth mentioning is that even though everyone was smoking, it really wasn't smoky. Ventilation is top notch although I think the 30 foot ceiling also may have had something to do with it. My clothing didn't smell afterwards either. 

Our server was quite pleasant and attentive even though he was responsible for taking care of the entire room. I was, however, kind of confused when I received the check and there was a $5 service charge. WTF is a service charge? I don't think it was a gratuity because it didn't say so. I guess it's just money that they tack on because...wait, I don't know why. For a hooka, pot of tea, felafel and an order of houmous, it was $55. Really no big deal but if I was a student, as much of their clientele seems to be, not sure how often I would splurge. Solid 3 Stars.笑
Before I was old enough to start drinking this was my slightly-illicit-late-night-teen-hangout place, and now that I'm over 21 this is my not-at-all-illicit-late-night-bring-a-bottle-of-wine-with-friends-hangout place. The space is awesome--an old 19th-century church totally redone in rich fabrics and knockoff Egyptian paintings, with cushions along the walls on the side. For a dollar extra you can sit upstairs in the ~VIP~ room, but I've never done so.

 Parking is a literal nightmare, but it's South Oakland, so that's par for the course. Service is very, very, very slow--I think they are encouraging you to linger as is traditional in most hookah-smoking countries. You have to order food or a drink to smoke--try the mint tea, or just get a bottle of water if you're not hungry. The tobacco selection runs the gamut from the very traditional--molasses or apple--to weird cocktail-based flavors. I like pomegranate. For an extra fee, you can get ice (to cool down the smoke), juice, or wine in the base of the hookah.

 I always see people with their laptops doing homework or writing. But others are chatting, drinking, or just chilling. This is a very mellow place in nutty South O, and is a nice respite from Oakland as a whole.笑
With an eccentric feng shui, this historical building makes for a relaxing experience. The music is great, and the set-up is perfect for conversation with friends. I didn't eat, but drink orders are mandatory with your visit.笑
In the middle of the around-the-clock college party atmosphere in Oakland, this lounge is inside of a towering old church. It is very hard to miss with its unique style in the middle of Oakland. 

Once you walk in, you wait to be seated in the normal seating area, usually on cushions on the floor, or you wait to be seated in the indoor balcony above you. This balcony is known as the "VIP Lounge" and there's an extra $1 surcharge per person up there. It is very similar to the first floor, but there are 2-3 couches to sit on. 

The menu selection here is pretty great, but it is is actually very hard to sort through. The obscurity of the menu makes it hard to pick out what you'd like at you'll end up asking a lot of questions to your half-awake half-attentive waiter/waitress. You will also end up paying a lot more than you'd like. A 10oz milkshake will cost you $5 and a bottle of water is $2.50. This is to be expected, but I wan't thrilled that I paid $5 for three sips of an orange milkshake. 

The hookah is also very pricey. They make sure to charge you for everything they can. They divide their hookah flavors into three divisions- excellent, premium, and superior. Reading other reviews on here, I've heard they use a very good brand of hookah, but I believe this quirk on the menu is just to make people splurge and go the extra few bucks for the superior quality, even though the actual quality difference is debatable. They will also not hesitate to charge you for how many people you have, how many hoses you want (even though you already paid for smoking it), the juice to put in the bottom, and extra for ice. 

The service leaves much to be desired. I've been there on different days of the week and of course it's always busy on weekends. The service is OK at best during the week, but I feel trapped in there waiting for my check for 30 minutes every time I go there on a Friday or Saturday. I'm empathetic that it's probably not the employee's fault, but I would like to get about my night. My waiter usually ends up being an asshole, too. 

In conclusion, you're paying for the sweet building. The ambiance created by the old church, color-changing lights, cool african paintings and fabrics strewn about makes the place a cool hangout. However, the service, price, and quality of what you order leaves something to be desired. Definitely a place to check out once or twice, but don't make this a regular stop.笑
Ah! Decent sheesha in Pittsburgh? Finally! The service is amazing too. Unlike the other hookah places, it is spacious and the ambiance is great too! You know where to find me when I am "lost"笑
Great quality hookahs at a great price for the Pittsburgh area. I got a new server so I helped explain some of the finer points of coal placement but her and the more experienced server were extremely friendly and more than willing to talk. They actually tend to the coals here which is great! The drinks were also pretty good - you had to get one per person when we went - the hibiscus-infused tea being particularly tasty. The atmosphere is cool, the church being largely kept in-tact.笑
Really liked this place. Very chill and comfortable atmosphere. Not as crowded or hot as the hookah bookah. Also the music was 10x better then the hookah bookah. This place is also BYOB which is awesome. Service was great he helped us whenever we needed. He Even changed one of our hoses to a bigger one because we were being picky. Overall I liked this place better then the hookah bookah i was a lot more comfortable笑
Very cool hookah spot located inside of a old church? The interior is really laid back and homey. The service wasnt the best but it was ok. Im unsure if there was just one person working? There was a older middle eastern woman barking out orders to our server. Im assuming maybe she was a owner?

The interior had laid back seating in a wide array of areas and shapes. 

The hookah was good and made fairly quickly. The price was on point and cheaper then what we would pay in Milwaukee, where im from. They had a few items to eat or drink, we weren't to sure on the food so we passed on that. However we did order some popcorn. We thought that maybe they had a a popcorn machine. Nope a bag of microwave popcorn dumped into a bowl. Oh the embarrassment, I dont even eat microwave popcorn!.

This spot was cool, there werent other people there. Which made me wonder if people ever go there? Either way it was cool with me.笑
I've read a lot of not-so-great reviews on here, and I'm kind of surprised, because I had a really good time here. If I had to complain about anything, it's that I didn't find out that their card readers were down and I had to get cash out of a charge ATM. Other than that though, I really enjoyed my experience here. The atmosphere was relaxing, but it also made me feel like I was somewhere fun at the same time. I  liked the hookah I smoked, and the guy who was our server was really nice, and quick to get us anything we needed. I was able to get my hookah in a relatively short amount of time, and I stayed for quite a while too. Check it out if you get the chance. Just make sure to get there relatively early so you can find parking.笑
I really love the atmosphere very cozy and relaxing. The staff are very nice and accommodating. They have some middle eastern food which is okay and some drinks, non alcoholic like pineapple juice and ish (for a fee you can bring alcohol).This place has potential to be something really amazing, but its not. The hookahs suck, they barely pull. The decor is outdated and the carpet is dirty and covered in cigarette and hookah burns. They try to get you on hidden charges. Last time I was there when it was time for me to pay they said they did not accept cards so I went to use their ATM and then after trying it like 4 times they said it was out of order (with no signs). I had to have my BF drive down a couple blocks to get cash back from Rite Aid. It was ridiculous. Never coming back ever.笑
Sphinx has great decor and a very cool atmosphere. The shisha experience sucks.

Usually hookah places have a minimum spending limit, or a per person surcharge.  Sphinx has both. This was unsettling. Once I tasted the hookah, I felt ripped off.

The cafe's offerings are the ramen noodles of Mu'assel. There's hardly any molasses/flavoring and everything tastes ashy within 10-15 minutes. I, on a college kid's budget, buy the cheapest tobacco I can find for my personal hookah, and that is infinitely better than whatever they serve here.

In order to mask the low rent tobacco taste, you can select from variety of juices to put in the base in place of water. Of course, there is a surcharge on juice (quelle suprise!). More importantly, I've never seen a shisha place offer this before. I'm inclined to think this is a ploy to cover the ashy, flavorless quality of the tobacco.

My friends raved about this place. This fact makes me nervous to try other hookah spots in the 412. It may be a better bet to skip hookah on trips home.笑
Horrible service, subpar product, terrible atmosphere. Probably the worse hookah place I've ever been to. No respect or care for customer or art of hookah. Embarrassment to the hookah community.笑
Inexpensive, ppl very friendly, extensive drink menu, parking is typical of Oakland; sitting on the floor gets old after awhile.笑
Worst hookah bar ever. Hookah is subpar. No music. 5$ byob which is not displayed on the front door. Colorful chairs that look nice but are hard plastic that are uncomfortable. Only good thing is that the waiter can't remember her name is very nice. So yelps folks, if ur looking for hookah look elsewhere because this isn't it. 1  star for Sphinx.笑
A hookah joint that's an excellent alternative to the bar scene if you're either underage or want something else to do in the Oakland area that isn't alcohol-related. Really cool atmosphere, as this used to be a church but is now decorated ceiling-to-floor in brightly patterned cloths and similarly designed cushions along the walls. There's also a "VIP section" upstairs that has an extra $1 cover charge, which is pretty ridiculous as it's exactly the same as the ground except one flight up. 

I'm not a hookah connoisseur but they do have Starbuzz, which according to my brothers who I came here with, is one of the better tobaccos. Ask which quality it is, since they don't list the brands on the menu. They have a wide selection of flavors here; we tried the peach, which was really smooth and flavorful.

The juices were highly recommended. While they are thick and lush, only the strawberry is made in-house. I also had the sahlaab drink, which is a Turkish hot drink quite similar to rice pudding, but a little more liquid-y. Really, *really* delicious.

All in all, it's really cool that Sphinx even exists in Pittsburgh, it seems to be pretty authentic to be honest. The crowd seems to be mostly underage college kids. Thursdays, Fridays and Saturday nights some college students (I think??) grill up burgers and hot dogs on the lawn to sell for a few bucks. Good call, as Sphinx doesn't offer much other than finger foods.笑
I went here on a Thursday night when it was pretty light attendance and kind of low key. The building is simply amazing, and the decor is nice. They have nice hookahs, and when my friend was partaking and had problems they came right away to fix the problem. They were very attentive to the quality of the smoking experience.

Food? Less so. Our waiter was attentive to smoking but slow on the food, and although the few items are good the selection isn't that great. He also seemed to be utterly hating his job, and was not friendly at all. He checked the hookah but didn't ask for more drink or food, and we had to kind of flag him down to get anything else. 

The prices are meh. Probably more than they should be, but I was kind of irked that our party of 3 was charged automatic gratuity. Overall, a nice location to hookah but not so great at anything else.笑
I had an amazing night at Sphinx cafe tonight.  Sphinx is located in an old church, the layout is very open.  There is seating along the walls and at tables.  I loved the decor, very chill and relaxing.  

While we were there, we had dinner and smoked two hooka bowls.  Emily was our waitress.  She was super attentive and friendly.  She changed our coils frequently and was attentive to us.  She was also very knowledgeable about the available products.  We had the peach shisha and raspberry shisha--both were excellent.  We split some appetizers as well.  

I agree with the other reviewers that the fees were a little surprising when the receipt came (.25 extra for each user of the hooka--including the first user and $1 fee for paying with a credit card).  The fees were minimal so they did not bother me but I can see how they would annoy people.  It would be better if they just worked these fees into their menu prices.笑
It has good decor and layout, other than that:

They will absolutely take advantage of you at every turn. Hidden small print for fees everywhere, and a minimum food or drink order (even if you're smoking hookah). 

That's all well and good, except they precharge a 10% tip without any warning anywhere. I asked the waitress/manager where this was written or when she told us, and she said it's not written anywhere nor had she said anything. I said "I'm pretty sure that's illegal", and she responded by saying "to be fair, it's newly illegal."

She then gave us a sob story about how she makes 3 dollars an hour and depends on tips. It was one of the weirdest nights of my life.笑
I have allwase enjoyed sphinx the music the atmosphere the hookah, the owner is nice Egyptian guy and the servers are all good, if you plan on going bring your Id and all your patience muscles. Hooka especially at sphinx is ment to be a slow relaxing very chill endeavor service is slow the mood is chill

They recently got new glowy/superfluous furniture 
It's neat but not comfortable I liked the idea of it but every one in my party preferred the floor pillows over the new furniture.

Get there early parking and getting seated will be easyer.笑
Favorite parts of Sphinx:
-Superior (best) quality tobacco in a large bowl for $12? I'm sure it costs even less than that at cost, but it's still one of the cheapest I've seen, and it'll last a couple of hours.
-Drinks are hit or miss, but some are really good. I usually go for the tamer hindi- I have no idea what fruit it's derived from (unhelpfully, the menu says "sweet & sour fruit") but it's darn delicious.
-Cool atmosphere. It's inside an old church, so they still have the balcony where (presumably) the organ or choir would've been. They keep the inside pretty dark and play some Arabic version of MTV on a flat-screen. A lot of Pitt and CMU students frequent here, which is usually not a bad thing, although sometimes it gets a bit loud.
-Easy access, although finding parking is a bit difficult. The South Side is crazy for driving on Friday or Saturday night, so it's nice having a hookah bar in Oakland away from the traffic.

Bottom line: of the hookah bars in Pittsburgh, I'm pretty sure Sphinx is my favorite. I think, for the most part, it's a matter of personal preference- Sphinx has the best atmosphere and is probably the cheapest, Hookah Bookah is a bit more expensive but has (I think) the best tobacco, and Hkan is decent, but popular because they have a full bar. Try them all, because there's not a lot of rhyme or reason as to which one you like best.笑
I'm going to review both locations, because I've been to both. There's a lot of good and a lot of bad at sphinx.

First of all, the shishah is amazing. Far better than at hookah bookah. And the staff knows what they're doing far better too.
The Oakland location is beautiful, as was said many times on here. And the food at Oakland is pretty good as well. I've had really great service in Oakland too.

Onto the not so good. First of all, it needs to be said, the south side location is a s**t hole. It's not near anything and it isn't well kept. The owner barks at the server and sits on her computer and smokes the whole time. And it doesn't help that she doesn't speak much English, so when you try to get her attention she ignores you, unless you speak Arabic. The servers usually seem tired and run down, the food is bad here as well. Overall, avoid it.

Oakland is much better--cleaner with great food and nice hookahs. But the owner in Oakland is a jerk. I had a friend who worked at the Oakland location who said that the guy yelled at the servers for things he screwed up on and would intentionally not give people change when they needed it. In my own experience, the other night our hookah wasn't pulling very well and after our server acknowledged the problem he came over and told us there was nothing wrong, then proceeded to yell at our server in front of us for "lying to us."

The kids who work there are nice, and the hookah is good, and so is the food, but the place has some serious problems.笑
I usually like this place because it's chill and I like sitting on the floor. Lately though, the music's been getting really loud, having to pay a cover charge for... belly dancers that I didn't ask for, and just.. it's been meh. Also, there's a one drink minimum. Also, it's always difficult to find parking around there so that sucks too. But it's okay I guess. The people who work there are usually nice.笑
Seems to be a popular hookah lounge. Many places to sit, along with plenty of staff to keep your hookah fresh. Seems to be a very chill environment with hipster music that isn't too loud. Definitely a cool place to smoke if you are up for it!笑
Sphinx isn't the best hookah I've ever had, but it's a great place to relax and catch up with friends. That being said, however, do not come in a hurry because service is extremely slow. Emily is a really fun person who typically has great recommendations every time I visit, but I tend to go with some variation of my favorite (pro tip: Starbuzz Pirates Cave... it's a few $ extra, but it tastes like Skittles). Hookah of the day is half off (or at least it was my freshman year), so ask about that.

Expect to park on the street since it's South Oakland. The whole "smoking in an old church" feels risqué, but Pittsburgh has an obsession with turning old churches into things, so I'm desensitized.笑
After my prior review, I went to purchase a new Khalil Mamoon hookah from the Sphinx. The entire experience left me feeling insulted and extremely frustrated. If anyone knows anything about hookah towers, it's that Khalil's are easily the best on the market. With quality, however, comes a price. Your average 3-4 foot KM goes for anything from $100-$200, depending on customization, size, etc.. I was lead to the front of the room where they had an open display of all their hookahs that I was told were brand new and unused. I noticed a few were clearly not brand new and were obviously owned by prior hookah smokers. I searched until I found a gold and black inlay Khalil with a grand design to it. It looked to be spotless. I was willing to shell out the $125, as proper treatment/care of a Khalil will allow you to use it for literally your entire life. After the girl waiting on me took it off the shelf, she said they didn't have a box for it. After 20 minutes of waiting (while my girlfriend was growing impatient outside) she returned with what was essentially a few pieces of long cardboard duct taped together. Clearly they didn't have the original box. I was told with my purchase comes a free shisha bowl and 100 grams of their own house mix. The bowl itself was way too small, cracked (then a hack job of a repair was done to it), and ultimately useless for this hookah. On the back of the kitchen is a whiteboard where management encourages employees to sell shisha that isn't selling too well. The two on the list? Apple/Cinnamon. What mix did I get with my hookah? 100 grams of clearly stale apple/cinnamon. Wonderful. I took my hookah to another hookah bar in South Side where I smoke with friends, and then the s**t really hit the fan. The weld of the tip of the hookah where the bowl goes clearly broke off at some point, and was poorly welded back on, ruining the fine and ornate design where the ash tray would lay. The ash tray itself was not Khalil, but some dented piece of sheet metal made by a Neanderthal. The tower itself had no valve and ball where you can blow out smoke, because it was completely snapped off and missing. The tower was also NOT the right size for the base and would not properly fit into it, meaning it wobbled around, which is a huge strike for the fact that the coals could easily be knocked off. The base itself is where I was most infuriated. The beautiful, ornate designs that Khalil is known for was clearly scratched off at some point, and repainted by someone with mere wall paint. I rubbed it all off with a DRY paper towel and now there's nothing on it. Plain as can be. I've never felt so cheated and insulted that a place would try something as snake-ish as this. The owner gave me the typical "no returns" policy, was incredibly rude, and wouldn't even see my hookah for me to explain my case. For my final recommendation; Head to Sahara Hookah. 1205, East Carson Street. The Sphinx is TRASH.笑
Yes Pittsburgh, there IS a hookah bar! Even if it's in an old church.

This is an Egyptian coffee house and hookah bar - remember to BYOB ($2 cork fee)  if that's what you're thirsty for. The serve a lot of teas and really sweet fruit-based drinks. There is a large selection of hookah.  Be prepared to cozy up on throw cushions, sit on the floor, dim lighting, and a steady yet casual crowd (of mostly undergrads). 

They get an extra star because the staff was really friendly and attentive, but my overall experience was far from exciting. They charged a cover to enter on a Friday night. After paying to get in, THEN we found out it's BYOB only. Figuring we'd just pass on drinking for the night, we continued walking in and the main floor was full. The waiter welcomed us to sit on the balcony - for an extra charge. Okaaay..... but we paid him again. The throw cushions seemed a bit grimy - like they were more than ready for a trip to the cleaners. When it was time to go, THEN we learned that the bar is cash-only...and the waiter welcomed us to use atm machine on the first floor.

So... not the worst experience, but definitely not the best.笑
I gave two stars just because the atmosphere was nice and the chairs were cool because they lit up. Anyways, I am extremely appalled at what kind of business sucks you dry for your money like that. Scammed into VIP for $2 per person because the "service is better," yet we waited 45 mins to get our hookah. Not to mention they did not touch the coals once after the initial setting of them. Barely saw the guy working but when I did he made sure to try to nonchalantly add something to my bill. Did not mention anything would be extra, just asked if you would LIKE to add this this this this and that... As casual as he could into conversation. (not to mention bottled water was 2.50)
****you must buy drinks with your hookah**** not sure what kind of rule that is but hey, whatever gets your money. All drinks averaging from about 4.50-6$ each. 
Terrible service and terrible rip off. Recommend going to south side opposed to this cheap place笑
Although I cannot vouch for the food, the atmosphere is great, the hookah and service are lackluster at best.

Sphinx is housed in an old church. You sit on comfy cushions on the floor in a roomy, tapestry covered, high-ceilinged space. t's a really nice, relaxing environment to enjoy some hookah, although it's not particularly well ventilated.

A key aspect to the hookah experience is adjusting the charcoal that sits atop the bowl of tobacco. Sphinx prohibits you from doing this, so if the hookah gets harsh you are stuck for 10 minutes trying to frantically flag down an employee to adjust your coals, only to have the bowl get harsh after another 10 minutes. This is quite a frustrating experience, especially on a busy night when employees are occupied as is.

Also the hookahs they provide are pretty old and don't hit too well. Every time I smoke here my stomach hurts, which never happens at other hookah spots or when I smoke at home. Their tobacco is decent though, as they use mainstream brands like Naklha and Starbuzz. 

The price for hookah itself is reasonable, but you can't just sit and smoke! You have to buy a drink, which is total B.S. What should be a $12 large hookah between four can easily exceed $20 with their drink costs.

Overall great for the atmosphere, but bad for the actual smoking and the one drink minimum! Might be a good spot to take a hookah newbie, but inappropriate for those who know a little about good hookah.笑
Located in an old church so the place has some cool architecture. It's nice that's it's open late even on weekdays and BYOB with a corking fee per person. It's a laid back feel with couches. Anthony was super awesome and helpful! He made us a surprise blend of his choice which tasted so smooth. I think he put black peach mist, peach tea, and plum. But, the baklava and chocolate cheesecake were only okay.笑
Horrible. Not only was I overcharged for the three appetizers I ordered, but I also got food poisoning. Do not be fooled by the eclectic aesthetics of this place.笑
Yes, it's true, you have a way better smoke from a hookah if you have your own at home, but you also don't have an awesome room full of comfy cushions on the floor at home, do you?

The Sphinx gets four stars PURELY for atmosphere.  It's that good... enough so that slow, crappy, (stoned?) service doesn't matter, and expensive small drinks aren't an issue.  It's the best place to veg in which I've ever vegged.  

If you want to relax in an awesome atmosphere, go to Sphinx.笑
This place is a dump.

I guess if you really want to go to a hookah cafe and can't make it over to hookah bookah...this has to be your only choice.

I think it's dirty and overpriced.  If you are coming into the city for a hookah lounge..just do yourself and your group a favor and stay away from this one.  Take a ride down to E. Carson and go to Hookah Bookah.  Much better.笑
I'm new to hookah, so I have no other experiences to judge this joint by. I have been there 3 times in the past week, though, so It seems I have yet one more vice to handle!

We had Corey as our server and he was great. We had a ton of questions and he was happy to answer all of them. I know I would have told us to shut up, if I were in his place. 

We tried the pistachio and the jasmine tobacco and loved them both. The jasmine was light and smooth, so I would suggest trying that first. 

This is a great place to just vanish for a few hours. Price is decent and the old church space is big and open, giving a relaxing feel. 

My only suggestion is to add hammocks to take naps in. I've felt so relaxed there that I start to doze off!笑
I have never been treated so horribly at a Pittsburgh bar or restaurant than here. They know nothing about customer service or how to greet and interact with other people. I don't know who the gentlemen was who "greeted" us, but he had absolutely zero human being skills. When we walked in he just glared at us until we had to break the long awkward silence. There were 3 couples sitting on couches scattered around. He put is in the corner by the kitchen on a bench. We asked to move to a couch and he rudley replied no and that they don't let couples sit on the couches when clearly every other group in there was a  couple on a couch. Oh and it was 7pm and absolutely dead- and it is clear why.  With that we left and will never be back. Do not go here!笑
Nestled into the very young and undergrad inhabited area of oakland, a friend and I stopped in here after work one day. I definitely enjoyed the decor much more than the new hookah place that recently opened in Bloomfield, however the younger crowd in oakland usually doesn't tickle my fancy. The staff was good, a little on the laid back (/slow) side- but a hookah place almost demands that. The actual hookah was enjoyable, about average compared to what I've had. And I believe that it's BYOB, so plan accordingly. I only know of two hookah places in the city, and I recommend this one more so than the other option.笑
four letters BYOB! nothing gets me fiending for a smoke much like drinking. love that you can combine both. the old school style cushions are awesome. no idea why people are griping about $12 bucks for hookah. Yada yada yada its cheaper to do it at home. But do you seriously want to think about loads of drunk people smoking hokkah in your home. im not going to sit around and bitch about prices when we all are capable of understanding overhead cost of running a business increases with alcohol. just go have a smoke at a hookah bar. at the end of the day if you do pay $15 bucks and singe their carpet a little, its shrugged off. but if you do it in your apartment, you can be sure thats a few hundred bucks out of your security deposit. just a thought.
back to the smoke--good tobacco!笑
I love the atmosphere here. Truth be told, I haven't been back since I quit smoking cigarettes but I had a lot of great times here with my friends when I was in undergrad. I also really enjoyed the extensive list of beverages here. It was a little expensive though depending on the quality of tobacco you choose. Also, the women's bathroom was kind of gross at times but maybe this has changed since I haven't been there in over two years. Another thing: it seemed to be taken over by the age 18-20 age group the last time I went.笑
Went here again a couple nights ago and I stand by my previous review. They seemed to have upped their service game. Our server Emily was awesome. They also added cool light up seating instead of the couch cushions ( way more comfy) they used to have for the seating in the middle as well as multi colored lights. Not sure it goes with the vibe but it didn't kill my vibe. Check this place out! Also ask about their hookah of the day because it's half. Thankfully they don't do that godawful dr pepper flavor anymore!笑
The atmosphere at this hookah joint is very nice and relaxed and the prices are relatively reasonable so that's worth one star each.

However, the service is horrible. The attitude of the staff is condescending and cocky. I had a problem with the hookah and asked for some assistance. The waiter was rude and told me I wasn't inhaling strongly enough. When I persisted and had him take a puff, he begrudgingly agreed and fixed the problem. This attitude has persisted on several occasions so I know it's not just a one-time thing, which I could have forgiven.

It's really too bad because the atmosphere is probably the best of the hookah places in Pittsburgh.笑
This used to be my to-go hookah spot, but recently it's gotten way too expensive. You have to buy a drink/food item, and cork fee is $5. I brought a 40oz beer for $3, but got charged $5 to drink it here! The seating used to be more comfortable too, but is mostly hard plastic seats and some couches. I know they got to pay the bills, but expect to pay $40+ for the most basic hookah experience here.笑
The service is ok. The owner (old lady) has an attitude but if you get an actual server, they're little nicer. My main problem was the price. Getting what seems to be a 10-15$ hookah, you have to buy a drink too, hoses xtra, ice xtra, tabacco xtra, xtra xtra xtra... Some xtras you don't even know what you got charged for??? It felt like they were just trying to suck the money out of me.  Overall I'd probably still stop there occasionally but I'll never say "you know what, we should all go to that cool hookah bar on Atwood"笑
I ordered hookah and Egyptian tea. The first hookah was leaking and the server changed it. The pipe of the second hookah was broken. Tea was very dark and strong. It had a bitter taste. I think tea had been waiting for a long time or the server poured too much tea in the cup. I normally like black tea but it should not that black in the cup.  $3 for a cup of tea is way too much and no free refill. You have sit on the cushions. You may not have a spot that you have a back rest, so in this case your back and legs hurts. This place is not comfortable. There are a few coffee tables. I did not have a coffee table and had to put my tea cup on the floor. I gave this place a second chance but I do not think i will go back to this place.笑
Had a bad experience here. It was very expensive and the staff was not friendly. We got kicked out an hour and a half early after only being there for 45 minutes. Hookah is mediocre. I used to like the hookah place in North Oakland but now that is restaurant only. Why is there no hookah bar anywhere else in Oakland, Shadyside, or elsewhere East of downtown. *sigh*

Updated: I really like Mint which is a few blocks away. Friendlier staff and better prices with less restrictions.