Probably the best Noodles I've ever visited, probably mostly due to its interior setup. Three floors? Epic. Location? Epic. Window seating galore? Praise. It's a people watcher's paradise, the tables are great for getting stuff done during lunch or just looking like you're not a complete loner. And, despite what the other reviews may say (ouch, sorry guys), it's pretty hard to mess up my go-to dishes: buttered noodles and the mac & cheese with meatballs.笑
I do not think there is anything exquisite about this place. I just come here at random times when I'm craving non-authentic pasta, which is rare. I always get their spaghetti and meatballs which is decent, but again, nothing spectacular!笑
Good affordable food.  Has a variety of noodle dishes available so anyone you go with should be happy. I love the pad Thai noodles and the buffalo chicken mac n cheese.  Lots of seating and is a good location - good for a quick meal before going to a show or event on state street.笑
I tend to do a lot on this part of State Street with volunteering and events so when I'm rushed for a dinner, I come to Noodles.  I can usually get in and order quickly.  I think I have only walked out of line once due to a slow cashier.  With the ordering app, that has changed the game a lot.  I order around the menu so most things are good to me.  Only thing I avoid is the pot stickers.  It's just sad to get flat pot stickers.  I get you can not have fast without squashing them between to hot pans but...just sad.笑
I love the Mac n cheese with grilled chicken. Get it every time. This location has two levels. Unfortunately I didn't sit upstairs today. That'll have to wait another day since I have to eat quick and go to work. 

There is a good amount of tables to choose from so that is great. It does get busy during lunch so good luck finding a good seat.笑
First and likely last trip to Noodles.  In Madison for a sporting event and dragged there by the family.  They were busy but not even full.  Waited 30 minutes for chicken noodle soup, BBQ pork mac & cheese and garlic bread - actually my son had to run down the server because she couldn't find us.  I suspect she had been searching for awhile as I was in no danger of burning myself on the soup or garlic bread.  The food was ok.  My workplace cafeteria serves a better chicken noodle soup tbh. Also, you would think I would get a napkin with the meal.  Nope.  Apparently Madison has very neat soup consumers.笑
for fast quick noodles this place is very good. kind of a weird menu (the "american" side contains pasta with marinara and stroganoff). i had the peanut noodles with tofu and it was great. it's nice that they offer small and regular sizes. i could/should have just gotten a small. also nice that they sell beer.笑
Good lunch option if you're around upper State Street. While I can't give a spectacular rating for this place, I think it's hard to imagine that lunch here would go a completely disaster. I had Bangkok curry noodle while my friend ordered Japanese noodle - which was interesting cross between udon noodle and yakisoba. I guess that's one of the complaints I hear from other people about this place. They have their own interpretation of Asian noodles, so don't expect anything "authentic."

Both of our dishes came out very quick from the kitchen. I was very satisfied with the portion, but my guy friend seemed  like he could have bit more on his plate. Nonetheless, both dishes were pretty tasty. I'm kinda curious to try the non-Asian dishes if I ever go there again.笑
On the whole I enjoy Noodles as a chain, but I can't tell if this location has gone downhill or if my standards have just changed tremendously since I was in college. Maybe a little of both? 

Food is pretty standard - I've never found a noticeable difference in flavor or preparation from location to location. This is probably in part due to them weighing ingredients and, I would imagine, the same distributors. 

This location has been kind of dirty on my last couple of visits, though. Sticky tables, uncleared tables, condiment bottles that could use a wipe down, and, my favorite, a puddle of something slippery/greasy outside the order pickup window for the kitchen. I nearly went splat while walking past on my way to the staircase and I'm impressed none of the servers did the same. 

There hasn't been an infraction so bad I won't return, but I'd prioritize a different location if you can.笑
They always forget items on pick up orders and they act like you're lying about it on return call. Portions are random, sometimes you get a ton other times hardly anything.


UPDATE: this place is absolutely gross. they throw your soup around, i've found HAIR almost every time in my meal. guest relations does not care will not return you're email.

like i said, simply, GROSS笑
Gotta love Noodles.  The pesto is better than I've had at most restaurants- it doesn't taste like basil puree and is used just enough.  It's some of the the only mac that feels like it's actually covered in cheese.  The Japanese pan noodles are thick and spicy.  I really haven't had anything here that I disliked, and it's fast and cheap.笑
Eh. This was my first Noodles & Company experience. I was quite excited by the Gluten Free options and I thought it tasted very good. My husband did not care for the food. I think I was just excited to eat something I normally can't. The service was okay. It was easy to hear staff having side conversations or complaining about something. And they blocked off a section of the upstairs section and said we could not sit up there as they were cleaning... however, no one was up there. And no one was cleaning. Very confusing. I know it was late at night, and you don't want to clean as much, but put something up indicating rather than saying HEY! you can't be up there....


Good food for your after downtown Friday night outing tho!笑
Food - This was one of the first places I noticed that you actually had to order meat separately from your noodle dish, so I guess it's a nice choice for vegetarians. I went with the trio, with udon/chicken/thai curry soup. I really liked what I ate, but the serving size could've been just a bit bigger.

Price - For a nice, casual place, the food is worth what you pay for, but like I said above, portion can be upped a bit.

Overall - I will definitely be coming back to this place later on to try out other noodle dishes. (Not mac n cheese though)笑
I've found that over the years the quality of the food at the state street location has been declining. It's unfortunate because the location is beautiful and perfect for people watching on any given afternoon笑
Noodles & Co is a perfectly good place to grab a quick bite, especially if you have kids in tow.  I eat there regularly.  But I don't love the food.

Portions have gotten smaller and the quality of the recipes has declined over time, as they've streamlined their system -- but the kitchen is clean, consistent and quick, and the service is fantastic given the fast-food format.

I'd give two stars to the food, and four stars to the format, location and service.笑
I love Noodles and Company. In my opinion it's one of the best "fast casual" restaurants out there. One great deal is "the trio". You get noodles, a protein, and a small side salad. If you get a full bowl of noodles it's pretty chock full of calories but with the Trio you can eat a little more healthfully.笑
A familiar restaurant when the other local restaurants were extremely packed around 9PM on a Saturday night. Food was consistent to what we're familiar with.

We thought the layout was incredibly amazing and give it five stars mostly for this!笑
I love this restaurant, I don't care what you think. LOVE

I'm a carb addict, hardcore. Luckily I'm a running addict as well, and the two go well together. 

State St. Is my favorite location although it can, at times, get overrun by people. I live near the area so sometimes I call for pickup on my way home from work. They've never gotten my order wrong, ever.  I like the dine-in style, I like the consistency, I've never had a bad meal from Noodles.

My current favorites:
Buttered noodles and Parmesan with chicken and broccoli.
Steak stroganoff 
Spinach and fresh fruit salad with balsamic fig dressing
Thai curry soup with shrimp

Runners up:
Pesto cavatappi
Japanese pan noodles
Wisconsin Mac

Stay away from: 
The Indonesian peanut sauté and the Bangkok curry. They're fools to believe they can reproduce those dishes, and I will not disappoint myself by ordering them.笑
I remember when Noodles first opened and I thought it was pretty great to go get a bowl of buttered noodles (kid sized) for like $2.50.  Now, I stop to think about it, and I could buy a POUND of noodles for 99 cents.  The bowl sizes have gotten smaller, and the prices have risen.  Really, prices are pretty ridiculous for the food you're getting.  

Plus, I heard from someone that I trust that the place has rats.笑
My first time in Madison, and my first meal was eaten here just now. It wasn't disappointing at all. I got 2 small orders of the pad Thai and the curry soup--both were fresh-tasting and delicious! I could have had a small, but sufficient, healthy meal with  just one. But at $3.95 a pop,, I decided to get greedy and try both. Now I am a bit overstuffed and feeling a little bit guilty by my constant failure at moderation, but happy nonetheless after a tasty, cheap, and wholesome meal, in a city that I'm enjoying, and which I'm  looking forward to explore further!笑
Noodles & Company, I love their entire menu over all... however, just this very one Noodles & Co. on State Street always over cooks my Penna Rosa and gives me a pinch ful of feta cheese.... hm. Anyhoo, Noodles & Company is one of my favorite fast foods, very warm food and inexpensive and you get served asap.笑
We were in Madison on a cycling tour for a week.  We ate here four times because it's fast, delicious and reasonably priced.  They also are very flexible to make your meal any way you want it.  

We had the pad thai, spaghetti and meatballs, teriyaki bowl - all were really good.  The people are really friendly also.  They have two sizes and for $1, you can add a side salad.  My husband and I ate for under $20 each time.  Such a deal.笑
very crowded but great view of state street.  All the food is very good and inexpensive.  They bring the food to your table after you order and you can leave the dishes and go when you are done.  No tips required which is nice for us but I wonder if it is nice for the employees.  you could leave a tip anyway.  Clean bathrooms are very important and theirs was good last I was there.笑
This is one of many good Noodles locations at which I have eaten, and it does not disappoint.

While the chain may have eliminated my favorite dish (a common experience for me), the options are still varied enough to keep me coming back. There is always plenty of seating at this location, and I am please that they recently added the high end coke machine. I love the flavored dasani waters and the cherry Mello Yello.

The portions are always correct, and so far I've always received quick, courteous service. If you are in a hurry for a quick lunch or dinner, I'd recommend stopping here.笑
2 stars for the idea. After that it was pretty much downhill. Had the japanese noodles with microscopic shrimp.  Not hot and totally dry.  The dining room was slow and the service was awful.  Ordered the Thai soup there was barely any broth. Everyone else's dish was fairly adequate but not much sauce and not too hot.笑
Stopping in for lunch after driving from Chicago on an empty stomach, I was starving. I ordered a small Penn Rosa dish with Parmesan Cheese and Pot Stickers. 
My server accidentally gave me a regular sized pasta dish and some very flat pot stickers. However I barely waited for food, and who can complain about getting more than they ordered? 
Aside from the pasta being spicier than I had anticipated and the pot stickers lacking volume, it was a suitable place for someone to get a quick bite to eat.笑
Eh. This is not good food, people. Any restaurant in the area could do noodles better than what they serve as noodle dishes here. 

I ordered the mac n cheese. Big mistake. Their idea of Wisconsin mac n cheese is a plate of buttered elbow macaroni with the tiniest sprinkle of shredded cheese (was it even cheddar?) I may be a newcomer to Wisconsin, but I refuse to believe that resembled Wisconsin mac in the slightest. Basically I felt like a 5 yr old eating pasta with butter. 

The noodles were dry and rubbery, like they had either been sitting out too long or reheated in a microwave. Ick. 

We ate because we were hungry, but vowed never to eat here again. 

I give 2 stars for three reasons: 1- the staff was friendly. 2- they seemed to be in the middle of a busy rush, so I'm hoping the food is usually slightly better. 3- I only ate here once and I think I would need to give it a second chance to justly say its one star territory.笑
I think that Noodles & Company is one of my favorite "fast food" chains, right up with Panera Bread. This is a great place for (relatively) cheap warm meal. So far, I've had the Beef Stroganoff, and the Curry Thai Noodles, and can recommend both of them. I have heard from other the Italian dishes here are not that terrific. But, I have yet to form an opinion on that!

Overall, I think this is among healthiest fast food you're gonna get out. These places are packed at lunch time, so try to get there a few minutes early for lunch!笑
What the heck has happened to Noodles & Co?! My last several visits to the State Street location have been quite mediocre.

I remember way back when Noodles was a new thing. Before they had locations all over. The Pesto Cavatappi was my favorite. Oh man, was it good. But now it's just not the same. The pesto flavor is muddled and not very pesto-y. It's just bland.

Yesterday there was an unexpected rush of business around lunch, and you could tell. There was a long line of folks waiting for to-go orders, and my food took longer than usual to arrive at the table. People were grumbling, as this is a fast-casual joint after all. 

The server was apologetic and nice, and it really didn't bother me much. But my food was cold. Cold, bland pesto noodles. At least the parmesan chicken was well-cooked and delicious. 

Overall, not worth the almost $9 I spent for it. Perhaps I should check out a different location in Madison to see if they are any better.笑
Worst experience at a Noodles and Company....ever. There was a line at the door only one cashier. We saw two managers neither choose to do anything about the super long line to get customers through the line. It looked like one was dealing with a previous complaint. That should of been our signal to leave but our son really wanted Noodles and we had already invested 10 minutes in line. When we finally got to order the cashier was neither nice nor super rude but very indifferent. You think maybe she could of been a little nicer considering how long people were waiting.

After we ordered we headed upstairs. Talk about a disaster. The place was a mess, napkins, straw wrappers pretty much everything but the kitchen sink was strewn on floor. The lights weren't even on! We tried to picked the least dirty table in the place. Then we headed to the bathroom that wasn't any better, one of the soap dispensers had no presence of soap whatsoever it didn't even have a container of empty soap in it. There was even a dirty shirt on the sink counter?? 

We then proceeded to get our sodas. Im not sure exactly how many soda options there are but at least out of 20 there were only 4 soda choices. I had to go downstairs to get our drinks. 

Finally got order, so from coming in the door to getting our food it took 35 minutes that doesn't sound fast-casual to me. The Tuscan fresca that I ordered was watery with very little feta on top. We wanted to take our son's left over food home but low and behold no to-go boxes. 

After reading many of the other recent reviews it looks like this place has gone downhill and we will never ever be returning to this location...like ever.笑
In the world of fast food, this joint tops them all.  Fast food that tastes good, vegetarian friendly, with service.  They provide a good choice of healthy drinks and meals.  Diversity in the fast food world.  I love it.笑
I was a tourist in the area and this looked like a good place to get a healthy meal that would taste good too. There are plenty of beer and burger joints around but I wanted something healthier. The day before I had a great burger so today had to be a better choice. This was different than any other place. They have a variety of cuisines represented. Some sandwiches, salads and noodle dishes, Thai, Med, Italian, Chinese, Japanese, a little of all. 
l had the Med, with chicken, mushrooms, onions, spinach, bell pepper, cilantro, cucumber on a flatbread, with soup or salad $5.99. I had the Thai curry soup and also tried the Bangkok Curry noodle dish Small $4.39/ Lg $5.49. The Med had grilled white meat chicken, with fresh vegetables. The Thai curry soup and the Bangkok Curry noodle dish looked like the same ingredients. The soup just had soup over the noodles, and vegetables. Meat or tofu could be added to the noodle & pasta,  and salads. The meat choices, naturally raised pork, Parmesan crusted chicken breast, chicken breast, marinated steak,, shrimp, oven roasted meatballs, and organic tofu for $2.39 to $2.69.
Over all I liked the choices, what kind of meat, no meat, size of dishes, and one of those new style touch panel multichoice soda machines. The people were friendly and the service fast.
When I got there at about 6PM on a Tuesday nite, there were about 8 people in line to order and it took about 20 minutes from end of line to food. The Med with soup, small Bankok Curry, and a drink for $12.84. Yes! 5 Stars.笑
I use to come to this place for a quick lunch or dinner. I just stopped in for the first time in almost 5 years and wow has this place gone downhill. There was no ice in either of the soda machines, while the machines themselves looked like they haven't been wiped off in months. The soda tastes kinda funny so I ended up just doing without the drink. The entire restaurant looked like it needed a really good cleaning. When my dish came to me, it was cold and kind of dry as if it had been sitting at the window for a while. And there were fruit flies/gnats flying around my food the entire time I ate. This place is not well-managed. Avoid at all costs.笑
The college student I was with seemed to enjoy it. I thought it was okay but I think I could have done better with a 30 cent package for Ramen noodles and some frozen vegetables, and I would have had 5 or 6 bucks left over. Really, it isn't bad food, but like the $10 dish of spaghetti in an Italian restaurant, you can't help thinking that somebody has just pulled a fast one on you an picked your pocket.
Why bother. Really why bother? What is the point of this place? Buy a can of soup for $2 and you will feel better about yourself.笑
tastes like all the other noodles and companies. 3 levels of seating which is cool. I'm just visiting Madison so don't go if you're visiting too bc it's nothing special!笑
Was briefly in town for a wedding and decided to pop into this location since I saw them scattered all over town.  Got their alfredo dish to go.  SOOO YUMMY!  I wish I was in town longer to eat it a few more times!  Service was quick and friendly.  There is a location 3 hours away from me so I'll have to hit one when I have my next road trip.笑
When there's a long line, simply place your order by calling in from the back of the line and they'll take your order over the phone before everyone else. Everyone just has to wait in line and stare at the cashier as she continuously takes the call. Phone has priority over customers in store.  

Then when your to-go order is up, make sure you go through whatever bag is placed on the counter. See, they don't call it out. It just sits on the counter and you have to guess if it's yours. 

Then when you go to eat you chicken noodle soup, be sure to bring a bag of cooked vegetables and chicken to add to it. Because you'll realize they should call it noodle in chicken broth soup. One small piece of chicken in a bunch of noodles, no vegetables. I get it! It's called Noodle&Company. I see a lot of noodles and a company that has some growing up to do.笑
Rip-off chicken Caesar flatbread sandwich: difficult to eat, as ingredients kept falling out.  Not enough chicken pieces so I was paying for essentially a lettuce Caesar salad flatbread sandwich that was cool.  Uninspired side salad consisting of too many raw onions, a couple pieces of tomato and cucumber and sprinkles of what looked like pepper.  Insolent server.  I accidently dropped my knife on the floor; asked if he'd bring me a clean one.  Apparently he was playing games or didn't understand the question, 'cause he asked, "Do you want another knife?"  I said, "Just bring me another"  and then never brought one.  He seemed a little resentful and hostile and was trying to hide it.  Did not understand that I preferred to eat with a clean knife, one that had not been on the floor.  Was trying to make this difficult for me.   I walked up to the counter and got a replacement.  The cashier wished me a good day as I left.  I replied,  "You too, dear."  But I  am never setting foot inside that restaurant again.  Personally, I have experienced only two reliable eateries downtown:  Cooper's Tavern and The Old Fashioned.  These two eateries serve excellent food and truly respect the customer.笑
I miss Noodles! This was a weekly staple for me in my college days. It's nothing fancy but it is good, cheap, and fast. I wish they would open in Charleston!笑
I would never confuse good Asian, Thai, Chinese, Korean or Japanese food with Noodles...but if you're hungry and looking for something filling and delicious, this will fill the bill.  Yes, its a chain, yes, there are better choices, but for the money, Noodles will fill you up and put a smile on...well, it will fill you up.笑
This place is alright. The food was not that good. The Caesar Salad tasted a bit fishy, the spicy beef noodle dish was not that tasty and the dumplings were really flat and the dipping sauce was not good either. I never really liked Noodles and Company ever since I had their pesto dish and that was years ago... I believe when the Noodles and Company first opened on University Ave (I believe) and that was the last time I ate there. I figured I would give them another shot. But... I don't know... the service was average and the food wasn't amazing... I think I should stuck prepackaged sandwiches I saw at the cafe near Kilwins.... I wasn't impressed and I probably won't come back to eat @ Noodles & Company. However... their Snickerdoodle cookies were AMAZING!!!笑
I love the food at Noodles. Always delicious, portions are faily large, selection is great. The service leaves a bit to be desired. The last time I was in, there were approximately three occupied tables in the dining room. Every single other table, aside from one small 2 seat table had dishes and food left on them waiting to bussed. We had to ask to have a table cleared for us before we could sit down. Maybe if the restaurant had been busy at the time, it would be a bit more understandable, but the place was dead.笑
Noodles was the first restaurant I ever ate at in Madison. I came with my mom and sister when I was in high school and I've been a fan ever since!

It is a chain, which isn't always my favorite, but I am never disappointed when I stop here. Their Wisconsin Mac & Cheese is comfort food at its finest, but they're recently revamped their menu and some of their newer dishes are a little "fancier".笑
The food come quicker each time and tastes worse each time. The food is barely warm and had a weird smell. Although it's cheap but probably won't go again.笑
I love Noodles & Company no matter where it's located, but this one (State St. location) is my favorite. The building they are in is multi-level and you have the option to sit on the ground level or upstairs. I love the upstairs because you have a nice view of State St. Perfect if your a people watcher... in the non-perverted/creepy way, of course.

As for the food, I'm pretty much an addict. Most meals are reasonable calorie wise, with quite a few lower calorie/fat options available. I've never had something I didn't like there. While it's all very good, it's not hard to have a favorite. My current favorite is The Med Salad with grilled chicken. I would probably eat that every day if I could.

It also helps that Noodles is pretty easy on the wallet. While places like McDonald's are slightly cheaper, they certainly don't offer the all around quality that Noodles does.笑
Does not travel well. Dumplings were flat, as though they'd been ironed. Pesto noodles were awful, despite adding shrimp. Got part of the order wrong, my friend has a food allergy and ordered accordingly, but got double the ingredient instead of none. Dine in, not out.笑
Noodles...what could possibly go wrong at noodles?
Well first they need more staff (roommate worked here for three months) and a better way to order without people standing outside or with the door open. 
Waited in line 25 minutes; yes it was trick or treat on State St. night but then maybe have on call staff to call in to help out.
This time we left and went elsewhere. 
But another visit wasn't so busy. We ordered beef stroganoff and some kind of pesto chicken penne and a couple of beers.  The beef from the stroganoff was really gristly and chewy had to put it in my napkin... Couldn't get it down.  The chicken pesto penne was great! As was the beer.  
But don't think Noodles is going to be a regular spot for us since I'm Italian and can make really good homemade pasta cheaper and tastier at home.  
It's a cute place to go eat if your younger maybe and don't enjoy cooking at home or just enjoy any pasta/noodles.  There are lots and lots of choices... And beer, wine, and soft drinks. Something for everyone!笑
Well my pad Thai doesn't look half bad, but my mac and cheese is just some pre cooked macaroni that was microwaved with a stingy handful of cheese.笑
I totally don't understand how this place is considered cheap.  You get a fairly average serving of either a (1) tomato tasting pasta, (2) a mac n cheese, or (3) a soy sauce tasting pasta and a soda and it's over 10 bucks.  That does not seem cheap to me.  

Yeah, it's pretty good, but c'mon, it's not worth the price.笑
I like Noodles as a chain and the location here in Madison is a nice walk if you're meandering about downtown.  The cashiers don't seem very enthusiastic about having to work here though and asking questions about menu items is somewhat of a painful process.  But the food is consistent with other Noodles locations and the inside of the restaurant is clean with plenty of places to find a corner to relax in.笑
Just paid nine dollars for a large chicken ceasar salad and got all the way home to a few pieces of lettuce  and cheese in a To go box. F my life. This review is to always check your orders at this location. It's happened to me three times now. Should've learned my lesson by now about checking they got your order accurate.笑
really love the mac n' cheese with meatballs. almost too rich, but the texture of the (pork?) meat provides a nice contrast to the pasta & cheese. portion size is fine for any normal sized society. only gets (a somewhat inflated) 2 stars cause i'd rather just say no to their 'asian' dishes than be disappointed.笑
I got the pad thai.  For five bucks anywhere else in California, I could have gotten a much bigger and better pad thai with chicken.  But in Madison, I got a decent serving size of vegetarian pad thai, sans tofu.

It tasted like pad thai, but the pan should have been cleaned better beforehand. Tasted of like burnt oil residue. Good amount of fresh bean sprouts and peanuts.  The noodles were a little too chewy, but I ended up liking that.  The noodles also could have been cut a bit before-- they were too long to fork through like an adult.

The setting is a little noisy, but service is good for a fast food place.笑
In a town with a surprising amount of Asian food, it's best to avoid Noodle's take on Thai and Japanese cuisine.  Stick to the simple things like the Mac & Cheese and you'll be much better off.笑
The great thing about Noodles & Company is that no matter which one you go to, it's always consistently good. The portions are a little small for my eating habits, but I'm  pretty sure they're the size we should be eating. 

The qualities having now been listed, I need to point out that, while the regular bowl is listed as $5.25, once you add protein ($2.25), a small drink, and tax, the meal costs over $10 - certainly not an economical lunch option.笑
This place was pretty good. I had never been to one of these (Franchise). But its setup pretty cool. You pick a serving size. type of noodle and protein to add and they cook and serve. The prices weren't bad at all either. There were a lot of people ordering the Wisconsin mac and cheese I may have to try that the next time. Id definitely go back.笑
I have dined at many Noodles & Co.  this location has been very good and consistent.  I like being able to mix it up a bit, without having to entirely create your own dish.  They have a good system to provide a broad base of flavors.  The cookies are awesome.笑
I was disappointed with my mac n' cheese.  Maybe it was just a bad batch or something because i have heard its really good from a couple of reputable sources.  O well, luckily there is no shortage of places to get good mac in Wisconsin.笑
Nice spot for anyone from 2 to 100.....good variety, family friendly.  My personal favorites are the Wisconsin Mac'n'Cheese and the Pesto Cavatappi.