This Subway is inside the Orleans hotel/casino, in the food court area.
I always get a veggie patty sandwich, just like a previous reviewer, and when I went to this Subway on 4/7/12 they also did not have the veggie patty.
Get with it, Subway manager!!!!
Order more damn veggie patties and put them in the freezer!

I also don't understand why they charge extra to put avocado on my completely vegetable-based sandwich. I'm already skipping the meat AND the cheese...don't you think you could throw me a bit of avo? Hrrrrmmmmmph.

Other than that, food was fresh, made quickly. Sufficient to ward off starvation.Ǿ
We love Subways here & at home in CA. This one is open until 2am which is great after late night gambling. They always have a steady flow of customers so the food is fresh and hasnt been sitting out for long periods of time. At the hotel when u check-in they give u coupons that always have a 15% off Subway, plus u can use your BConnected points.Ǿ
Would not allow me to use gift card to pay since card reader not working
Should've had a sign at the beginning of the line before I made on my sandwichesǾ
Ordered the Orchard Chicken Salad.  It was good.  This location didn't stand out from the other Subways that I've been to.Ǿ
Does not take subway gift cards or subway coupons only takes Boyd gaming gift cards, players cards, room charges, as well as cash and credit. (However, the hotel gives out coupons these are the only coupons that they will take) Also has $5 foot longs un like other casinos in vegas. Free refills on soda (Pepsi). Open from 7am to 2am everyday. Breakfast only served from 7am to 11am. The most expansive sandwich was $9.25 for a footlong. There is no in room delivery. But they do have party trays. The subway is located in the food court located in the casino/hotel.Ǿ
Normal subway inside of the Orleans Casino. Standard breakfast sandwiches. Employees seemed a bit confused about the breakfast menu but overall I got what I wanted. No fresh made breakfast omelets like the Subway on the strip.