Have become a regular here for breakfasts, which are great. Friendly and unpretentious. A nice addition to the neighbourhood. Curious to try the dinner options and pizza.笑
I want to love this place, this food is decent and prices are good. 

BUT. The last time I was in there I had such a bad experience, I don't think I'll ever go back. 

I arrived with my kids and the the waitress was in the corner wrapping cutlery and talking on the phone. She saw us come in, just kind of stared at us and so we sat ourselves. 

She came over and did the bare minimum of what is expected (took orders and brought food) and then spent the rest of the time on her phone. ON SPEAKER. 

Yes. For the duration of my meal with my family she was in the corner wrapping cutlery and talking to someone on speaker phone. I don't think I've ever been as annoyed as I was during that meal. 

Then to make it just a little bit more annoying, they had music playing but a gentleman came in and turned on the tv and turned up the volume. 

So I got to listen to the waitresses conversation with her friend, an episode of Will and Grace as well as the top 20 countdown in pop music. 

The waitress told the gentleman to turn down the tv sound and he refused. She went back to her phone call. 

I think I was in bizarro world.笑
This is my new favourite place for a hearty breakfast. Delicious coffee and beautiful decor. Clean and cozy. Waitstaff Betty was friendly and made sure we were taken care of. Highly recommend that you give it a try. Nice amount of space so you're not crowded.笑
I came in for lunch one day and ordered the melitzanosalata and paidakia dinner.  It wasn't very busy that day, just another table besides myself. The food came out quickly and surprisingly everything tasted pretty good. The melitzanosalata is an eggplant dip which was a little chunky but very tasty with the pita.  The paidakia lamb chops were grilled nicely but on the fatty side but still lip smacking good.  It also came with rice which was tasteless and lemon flavoured potato fingerlings which were fine. The lady server was attentive and did come by to check up on me while I was eating.  I was apprehensive at first when coming in because it was dead at lunch but I'm glad I left feeling full and satisfied. Definitely will be back to try the all day breakfast and za.笑
Ordered the pikilia platter for delivery (an assortment of appetizers, mostly meats here) for two, and it was a genuine feast, generous portions, and nearly every meat was expertly done.

As always with this sort of dish, I wish there was more rice and more potato to go with the meats, and more pita with the dips.

And perhaps ask for the Greek salad on the side, seeing as it came under the meat ... but minor quibbles aside, this is tasty, affordable old-school Greek goodness.