When you want a "classic American-style" Sunday brunch buffet then I think this place does it right. Great food, nice atmosphere, and friendly staff. We enjoyed the beef brisket, spicy hash browns, walnut crusted French toast, shrimp, grits, and certainly the chocolate-covered strawberries.  Bloody Mary was just "ok" and the eggs Benedict had sausage instead of Canadian bacon(?!?!?!) so be warned. Still very very good and worth a trip back.笑
Excellent brunch buffet and fantastic place to have dinner. 

The inside is comfortable and is really fun for a date night or girls night out. The brunch was amazing and filling. The food is spot on with flavor and the way it's prepared - perfection. 

Plus, complementary valet....who would turn that down?!笑
Had my birthday dinner here with a group of 13 and it was great! Service was prompt, portion sizes are ridiculously big and the food was tasty. 

Started out with the lobster mac and cheese (delish), some ordered salads and my mom ordered the sausage flatbread (delish). Soooo, the chef sent out my mom's flatbread and 5 minutes later the waitress comes back with another one, a bigger one! Compliments of the chef bc he thought the first one wasn't big enough (looked big & good to me lol). Now that's customer service. 

Entrees varied and all were pretty good! Hubs wasn't a big fan of the short rib entree. The potatoes that came with my trout was pretty sweet like maple. Overall,  everything else was pretty good, especially the appetizers and small plates! Great atmosphere, great food and great service! Will definitely return! Thanks for a great birthday dinner Mimosa Grill!笑
Very well prepared meal, my wife's salmon and my fried chicken were both excellent. I am not very adventurous with food but the waiter talked me into fried chicken with pickles and peppercinis on toast- and it was delicious. Not sure what sauces were in our dishes, but very tasty! Service was top notch too, a little pricey but this one is worth it.笑
Let's just say I swore I would never go back here again.  After 5+ years a friend that "loves" it talked me into it.  I got the Chicken pot pie special and I would say it looked like baby food.  It was a purée with half a bottle of pepper on it.  The side salad tasted very bitter and it would be safe to say I only ate 50% of my meal because it was hard to stomach any more of this food.  

For a better review talk to my friend because he loved his chicken sandwich.  Unfortunately it will have to be another 5 years before I try it.  NO VALUE.笑
I've been to this restaurant for several other business dinners but this visit was the most unsatisfactory visit.

Fresh off a 5 hour flight, we checked into our hotels and went straight to dinner at 8pm. We were famished after our flight.

The meal started out great. We ordered the LOCAL ANTIPASTO PLATTER with assorted dry cured 100% berkshire meats, olives sweet and salty pickles, and toasted bread. It was delicious!

We took our time to enjoy the appetizer while chatting. When we finished our appetizers 20 minutes later, we looked around for our waiter expecting our dinners. He immediately came over and apologized that our 2 dinner entree order went in after a large table's order and he was working on getting our orders rushed through. 

Unfortunately, our table didn't receive any bread so we had to ask for it to tie us over. He looked perplexed why we didn't get bread but made sure a basket was brought over immediately. Don't know if it was because we were starved but the house bread was yummy with peach butter spread.

It was almost another 20-30 minutes before he brought out our dinners. He exclaimed that it was an ordeal trying to get our entrees. REALLY?!? Sounds like poor kitchen line management that should be corrected. Hell's kitchen wouldn't stand for it. 

- PECAN CRUSTED SNAKE RIVER TROUT: hearty portions/ over blackened
- PAN ROASTED DIVER SCALLOPS: right portion size but toooo salty
- LOCAL SQUASH & ZUCCHINI WITH SWEET VIDALIA ONIONS: over cooked and mushy.

Our waiter, Adam, was very nice and checked in on our table several times throughout dinner. He apologized several times and we understood it was out of his hands. The restaurant GM should have made an appearance to our table. Lucky we didn't have clients with us this evening. Poor kitchen line management explains another reason why business dinners take 3 hours at these types of restaurants.笑
Lunch was fantastic! The trout is truly delicious. Farm to table menu and the cocktails do not disappoint.笑
Great place to eat. Kinda expensive but if it's once in a while dinner than its not to bad. Portions are not small but are not big either.笑
Enjoyed Sunday Brunch there and the food was pretty decent...the cost was $25 for Brunch which I felt was kind of pricey for the menu selection... and $3 for mimosas....the menu was not spectacular but ok and the small plates are just that very small....nice atmosphere and clean and very friendly wait staff笑
Love this place!   Southern cuisine with a modern twist!  Great food, friendly & professional service, and great atmosphere.  My favorite dish is the pecan trusted trout.笑
Location, location, location....this Nouveau  Southern cuisine restaurant benifits from  ideal positioning  amongst the art , theatre, convention and business districts. Wide selection of entrées and small plates, great managing chef and chic bar and spacious interiors. ...impressive to power lunches and dinners or romantic rendezvous '.
Bottled wine specials on Wednesday along with tickets to the across the street Knights theater makes for that special evening.
The huge seafood stuffed hush puppies are must try. Bushel of mussels with warm bread service another favorite. One can easily forgo the exceptional entrées given the cuisine care of the shareable size appetizers....Charlotte is becoming a strong urban foodie competitor to the likes of Atlanta with restaurants of this caliber笑
I went there for brunch. I was not very impressed. I don't think that for about $24 per a person that I was getting a good value. If you like to endlessly stuff your face, then that might be a great value but I prefer quality over quantity. Maybe I was expecting more because all of the hype and rave reviews. For $24 I would have easily gotten a better meal at a sit-down, made to order restaurant. They had a decent selection though,  for example: fresh fruit, salad, breads/muffins, scrambled eggs, mac and cheese, potatoes, bacon, sausage, grits, cocktail shrimp, salmon....etc. Nothing stood out in terms of taste except the mac and cheese was pretty good. Service was ok too.笑
One of Charlotte's best restaurants, in my opinion. If you're looking for upscale southern food, there is no place better in the area to try. Very sustainable focused, their dishes are made from locally-grown produce and animals. Knowledgeable, attentive, and friendly wait staff top the experience off.笑
Went expecting spectacular. Had been for lunch and had a great experience. Went for queens feast tonight. Got lobster Mac and that was good, but never had Mac and cheese with cilantro. Then got the scallops, she said it was a smaller dinner, but it was a total of 3. That's right 3 for $30. And one was undercooked. My stomach hasn't been right since I ate it. Which they assured me was not undercooked. Figured they couldn't mess up Creme brûlée.... But it was room temp and runny. Oh well. Won't be back for dinner.笑
I was in town for two days and our hotel recommended this place, calling it "updated Southern." We were a little disappointed when we walked in, because it looked corporate and impersonal - everything that we didn't want. 

But then I saw the menu.  There were so many really interesting looking things on it that I wish I was with a bigger group so there could have been more ordering and sharing. I ended up starting with a goat cheese, beet and orange salad. With those ingredients, you can't really go wrong, and they didn't. 

For dinner, I had scallops that were encrusted with bacon crumbs on top of a pumpkin bread crustini. Really amazing flavors between the bacon, scallops and the pumpkin. My colleague also really enjoyed his pecan encrusted trout. 

Bottom line: boring corporate setting, the opposite of boring food.笑
Delicious buffet brunch for $23.99. Mosey your way through the large selection of food ranging from eggs, Bacon, sausage, variety of meats, biscuits and gravy, grits, cheese, fruit, an assortment of desserts, and my personal favorite, chocolate covered strawberries. In addition to the buffet, you can order small individual tapas to your table off the tapas menu with 4-5 selections they've picked out for the day. These are included in the buffet price. Indoor and outdoor seating available upon request. Was quickly seated as a party of 4 with no issue, but hostess did ask if we had a reservation, so you may have to make one during a busy weekend/prime time.笑
All the dinner dishes at Mimosa were done perfectly. It was like being at a good Californian restaurant that specializes in home-grown foods.

The dishes were well presented and the taste lived up to expectations.  The stand-out was the pecan-crusted trout but one can't go wrong with any of the dishes.

Why 4 starts and not 5?  Our waitress was the reason for that.  We only had two drinks per person and each round took forever to arrive. She really should have tried harder.

Highly recommend Mimosa's food.笑
I was here on opening night, and Mimosa is still one of my favorite restaurants in town.

Mimosa, and it's sister Upstream, were two of the first restaurants in the city to recognize that plating is also a major component of the dining experience, and they didn't disappoint. My pecan encrusted trout was as much a feast for the eyes as it was delicious. Likewise the other two dishes at our table, diver scallops and short ribs were enjoyed with so many ooohs and ahhhhs I thought I was in a Vivid Pictures production. We also shared the squash casserole, greens, and roasted Brussels sprouts that were so good if you put them on top of your head, your tongue would slap you to death trying to get to them.

Service was outstanding, the decor and environment here is amazing, and the food is equal to those standards. Oh, sorry I don't have any pics this trip. We were having dinner with my GF's sister who I'd never met, and I must have heard 20 times..."Don't embarrass me by taking pictures of your food (you idiot)." So like the obedient submissive I am, I followed my instructions to the letter. Pics next time, highly recommended.笑
I just helped a good friend of mine celebrate her wedding with a reception at Mimosa.  The experience was hands down perfection!  I can't speak highly enough about the staff: from the event coordinator Abby, to the incredible service staff, to the night manager Greg.  Everyone made the evening flawless.  The food was delicious, well seasoned, and perfectly cooked.  We started with a cocktail hour with passed hors d'oeuvres, like beef wellington crostinis, mini crab cakes, and prosciutto wrapped pears, and a huge charcuterie display.  After cocktail hour, we sat down on the outdoor, covered patio for a 3 course plated meal.  I ordered the NY strip and was thoroughly pleased with the seasoning and temp, considering it was being prepared and offered to 40 guests.  The staff kept the wine flowing all night, never letting a glass go empty, which is awesome!  The servers even ran out into the rain to help bring our decorations in so that we wouldn't ruin our dresses.  I was overall completely blown away with the restaurant and will definitely be back for dinner multiple times.  Thank you Mimosa!  You made the wedding reception flawless.笑
I love a good brunch, and this brunch was to die for. 

The selection (which I was told can vary) was outstanding. 

Don't pass this place up, you won't regret it!笑
I like Mimosa.  The food is pretty good, and not overpriced.  I like the bartender too.  Good selection of local beers, and nice overall atmosphere.笑
Out with a bunch of food colleagues, we called at 730pm to make a reservation at 8; they were totally accommodating.  Noticing we were running 15min late, I called and they were still pleasant.
Upon arrival, we checked coats and where shown to our table w/in 2 minutes.  The dining room was 75% full.
Our waiter, Andrew, and I hardly say his about a waiter, worked our table with perfection.  Being seen when needed, suggesting menu items that he liked over others, and was just plain honest, no smoke. 
Many kudos to him.
Three chefs and three food brokers dining.  We order their appetizer tower designed to our needs.  Kitchen executed w/o issues.  The crab cakes, mussels, hushpuppies and charcuterie platter were perfect.
Entrees varied from scallops to Scottish salmon to the catch of the day.  We all shared.  All foods were prepared extremely well.  Only caveat was my spinach was sandy and gritty.
We ordered an array of desserts; all presented nicely and we suggest the butterscotch parfait bread pudding.
This was my third time visiting Mimosa's this year and I tell every one what a surprise I have had each time having lower expectations and a getting superb experience.
Try it, ask for Andrew and enjoy the experience.笑
Went here with a friend and we enjoyed the lunch crowd atmosphere. Filled with business professionals, we fit right in with our work day suit attire. We were sat without a reservation upon arrival at 12:10pm - no wait. 

We commented how we had not been here in awhile and we were impressed with the service and expeditious arrival of our food. I ordered the daily special: chicken pot pie which came with a salad and my friend got the wonton grilled chicken salad. We shared our meals and they were both delicious. I would love to go back for a dinner, when I could spend a little more time enjoying the ambiance. We both got nonalcoholic drinks, since it was lunch time, but the bar looked really elegant and I would love to go back for happy hour sometime.笑
Came in here for lunch, and found the food to be good, but certainly not worth the BoA/ Wells Fargo crowd wait.  Based on the mahi mahi I had, I will try to make a reservation and come back for dinner.笑
Delicious! I licked the plate of the rockfish! Scallops were delicious too! I specifically ask our servers name, and forgot!! I'm sorry! We think her name was Christine. She had a very curly pony tail, was so sweet and adorable personality!笑
Say hello to amazing food and say goodbye to a little weight out of your wallet. The food here is simply amazing. I always start with the Mimosa tea - lemonade and tea mix.

Where to start? The appetizers are great, lunch and dinner fantastic.. desserts.. well I.. I want seconds or thirds of their desserts more so than the meal itself. 

When the weather is nice, sit outside. The decor on the inside is stunning - good for a group or a date night on the Uptown. 

Lunch specials are around $11-12. Without alcohol, dinner for three can easily dip into the $80-$100.笑
Went here with 3 others and 2 of us had food that was subpar and 2 of us had good meals. The appetizer was quite good as was the service.笑
First of thank you Yelp for helping me choose this wonderful restaurant in Charlotte...
After taking a mini vaca to Charlotte, let's say we were two very hungry people after that 8 hr drive...and Mimosa happened to be around the corner from our hotel. Never having southern food before, I was somewhat skeptical, however, Mimosa changed me for the better. 
We literally got a sample of most of the items on the menu. The 'sweet' tea drink = FANTASTIC...it's some arnold palmer mix with a little southern lovin ;) then their cocktail - superrr strong but still awesome....
   As for the food, the pulled pork was just great and so was the salmon...plus all the side dishes we got with it. gumbo, mashed potatoes, two tacos...absolutely the best food I've had in a long time!!!
 plus the bartender was so cool, Rob was the nicest person ever.笑
Came for Sunday brunch, very disappointed. Food had good flavor, but nothing was hot. I know it's a buffet style meal, but for 25-30 dollars per plate I would like the food to be hot or at least warm. Got a bloody mary, and it was not very good. Returned it, which I rarely do. Especially with booze!! Haha. Just didn't feel satisfied as a higher end meal.笑
A reliable haven right in the middle of downtown.  Well designed and attractive interior, excellent service and good food always - very well prepared and presented.   A great place for the business traveler looking for fine food and a nice dining experience.笑
Went here for the first part of a date-night that concluded at Fahrenheit.  The atmosphere was great, nice and quiet restaurant with an up-class feel to it.  

Wait staff seemed to not be overwhelmed but for some reason took quite a bit of time to wait on the table.

Ordered 3 appetizers to start the night with.  We got the small Jambalaya, the Brussel Sprouts and the P.E.I Mussels.  

The Jambalaya was great and the rock shrimp were cooked perfectly.  The rice was at a great texture and the sausage really added to the flavor profile.

Brussel Sprouts were nice and crispy, served without sale (had to add some).  Good order with them.

VERY disappointed with the Mussels.  I am from Maine and have been used to the freshness of these mussels.  The mussels were all open, but seemed to have been cooked to fast.  They were not firm, lacked flavor, and in all honesty, it seemed like I was eating a cooked clam and not a mussel.

They took the mussels off the bill which was nice, but the waiter seemed to delay any response to our table afterwards.  A manager did come to the table to see what was wrong with our order which was nice.

Could have been a 5/5 stars if the mussels were cooked fresh and properly.  Great atmosphere and quite a few quality selections to choose from on the menu.笑
Went there for birthday dinner with coworkers. All of us in town for biz. Excellent service & food. I ordered the scallops which were amazing! Others had short ribs & halibut. I tried halibut - very juicy & flavorful.笑
Mimosa grill is getting ready to change and update its menu for summer (June 19) but, I had the opportunity to try their Colorado lamb loin on the bed of spinach with empanadas on the side.  It was seasoned very well, cooked medium rare, and was delicious.  The wait staff were very fast in anticipating my needs before I even asked.  Overall, a very good meal in a relaxed, urban setting.笑
Excellent waitress and excellent Bloody Mary and everyone is really nice as you would expect in the south. Cool little uptown location food was so-so for what ya pay. It's basically a notch or two up from a chain like chilis.笑
Came here for lunch with colleagues and found this place to be a great recommendation. Solid service and tasty food during a busy lunch service. Decent southern fare which included shrimp and grits, barbecue flatbread, and autumn salads.  Definitely would return.笑
First time we have ate here. I got the trout and it was really good and my wife got the grits and shrimp and she loved it. I would definitely come back here again and eat. The staff was really nice and took care of us well. The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because it wasn't busy and it took awhile for our drinks and food. Overall I'm very happy with the experience we had.笑
I liked the ambience here and the presentation of the food, but the taste was kind of different and lowered my experience. The first time here I got the chili because the items on the specials menu are only available that day. The chili was unique in some kind of crunch it had mixed in but just ok. 

This time, I ordered the special of the day which was fish and chips. The fish was huge (plus in my book) but tasted like Captain D's (definite disappointment). It's near my job so I may try this place again to make a final decision on it.笑
This was me and my husbands first time coming here for brunch and at $24.00 per person it was well worth it. The shrimp and grits were delicious and the salmon was nice and moist. The roast beef was tasty also but they need to have a back up prepared for refill and a person onsite to cut it. Instead, guests were forced to stare at a large wad of rare beef for about 20 minutes under a heating lamp until a new piece came out. Mimosas were good at $3.00 per unlimited. All in all, cheap brunch, nice outdoor atmosphere, nice way to start your Sunday/Funday.You'll definitely walk out full and tipsy.笑
My husband I came for restaurant week this week and it didn't disappoint. I started with the  hush puppies which are stuffed with seafood and were wonderful, then moved in to the New York strip cooked wonderfully with a really tasty au jus, and then finished with the deep fried ice cream. My husband started with the mozzarella di buffalo, and then had the spare ribs, and finished with the banana pudding. All the food was delicious and our waiter was attentive. We will be back.笑
Okay so I was just going about my day and it dawned on me - MAN, I HAVE TO WRITE A REVIEW FOR THIS PLACE!

So here I am, stopping everything to tell you how awesome this place is.  I'm in town for business and wanted a low key dinner by myself.  It had the feel of a Firebirds but with a farm to fork mentality that was out of this world.  I had an autumn salad and - I know what you're thinking, "really?  This girl is getting excited about salad?"  Yes, yes I am.  It had thinly sliced apples, bacon, goat cheese, crispy black eyed peas and a lemon pepper vinaigrette - simply amazing.

Then I went for a side of sweet potatoes in back fat gravy (is that even what that's called?  I'm a Northerner by nature but wow, I walked back to the hotel practically skipping because of the complex deliciousness) and a side of cremini mushrooms and goat cheese (another standing ovation). 

Overall, I may drive to Charlotte again just to go back.  Wow!笑
Soooo good! Came for NYE dinner and had great service and spectacular food. I think I might have said mmmmm to everything we had: beef carpaccio, short ribs and lobster claws, lobster Mac and cheese, and Brussels sprouts.... All were fantastic!!! Great place for dinner dates and a warm atmosphere.笑
Subpar phone etiquette from hostess and manager. I was put on hold for 15 minutes only for them to tell me they could not take my reservation. I would love to be able to write a review on the wait staff and food, however will not have the opportunity to do so since I was told they could not seat us at any point over 3 days ( Being busy should not overshadow being courteous on the phone. I no longer want to attempt to plan any of our business luncheons here.)笑
Mimosa grill is one of my favorite places in charlotte. The food is delicious and I always bring my parents to Sunday brunch. Everyone gets something they can enjoy and you always leave satisfied. It helps to make a reservation but they have always been accommodating. They will be hosting my wedding rehearsal dinner and I cannot wait!笑
OK this place is supposed to be highly rated but it really is nothing to write home about.
Friendly staff but the food is poor and the beers (big choice of craft beers) are just OK.
I had the sausage flat bread, which I would call an ordinary pizza, followed by the lobster mac and cheese. Back in the UK, macaroni cheese is a basic home cooked food for no special occasion, not restaurant food and I saw no reason to change that opinion after this meal. The lobster was nothing special either, lacking the slight sweetness and delicacy that it should have. Why would you mix those ingredients anyway?
The coffee afterwards was truly the devil's work, I have never had a cappuccino taste that bad, burnt coffee with some kind of artificial foam on top. Definitely wouldn't go back.笑
Ate dinner on a Friday night and the food was simply full of flavor and perfectly made to order.  We had the lobster mac and cheese, crazy awesome dish!  Tripp was there to meet and greet us and was over the top courteous to us.  I have the Bison steak, which was so good I can't even begin to explain.  The place was really clean and the staff was extremely kind and inviting.  Definitely are great place for a date or just good food.笑
Absolutely fantastic. My husband and I were staying in downtown Charlotte last month and went to Mimosa Grill on a Friday night for dinner. We were looking to have a delicious, upscale meal and that is exactly what we got. They had a great (and reasonably priced) wine selection. The chef sent out a really nice parsnip puree amuse-bouche for us, it was so tasty. I got the Pecan-crusted Trout as my entree and it was one of the top 5 entrees I have EVER had. It was absolutely delicious, what an incredible dish. I'm still thinking about it a month later. It has apparently been one of their restaurant staples - that doesn't surprise me. Our waiter told us that Emeril had been in the restaurant a week earlier and gave his compliments to the chef for the same dish. My husband got the Peppercorn crusted filet which was also fantastic. They did a wonderful job on it considering they're not a steakhouse.

Overall a WONDERFUL restaurant. My only complaint would have to be the background music - AWFUL. The restaurant is so elegant and lovely, and they were playing terrible pop music in the background. Hopefully they'll switch to Miles Davis by my next visit!笑
What is the essence of shrimp and cheesy grits? How can one summarize what it should be? How it should taste? These important questions have plagued my mind for years. Mimosa Grill has found a way to answer all of these dilemmas. The shrimp and cheesy grits (with Moscow Mule) was a lunch for the ages. The presentation? Gorgious. There is a generous amount of shrimp- not just a skimpy amount lost in the cheesy grits as you might fear-all for $14. 

But, you might say, I hate shrimp. Fear not, the chicken wednesday special was also amazing. A unique spice blend on the chicken skin that was finger licking good.

In summary: make this place your next food stop. Your loved ones will love you more, your business partners will marvel at your food acumen.笑
Down from Northern Virginia, and of the discerning palate, we decided to turn to Yelp to identify a decent place to grab dinner downtown.  Relying on Adam D.'s review, we decided to try Mimosa Grill, which was within blocks of our hotel ALOFT.

We were surprised that the place was relatively empty on a Friday night.  But the decor was beautiful, and we were seated immediately.  Greeted by a friendly and helpful waiter, we quickly ordered a mojito that hit the spot.  Upon the recommendation of Adam D., we started off with the hushpuppies, followed by the scallops and the filet.  

The hushpuppies had just the slightest kick to them, and we loved the crawfish and the sauce.  The bread basket contained warm yummy biscuits and cornbread with apricot butter.  Next came our entrees.  The star of this party was the mesquite grilled filet, which was cooked to perfection atop a grit cake.  I could tell that my husband was incredibly envious, so I gave him half.  His scallops were good but paled in comparison to the filet.  Before I forget, we also ordered the grilled zucchini and squash.  They were excellent.  

On a high from our amazing dinner, we decided to share the trio of crème brulee.  Sadly, the dessert fell short.  Otherwise I would have given Mimosa Grill 5 stars.   Although very edible, we could barely differentiate between the three flavors - lemon, ginger and pistachio.

In summary, Mimosa Grill is a must try for anyone who appreciates southern fair with a dash of sophistication.笑
Go here for lunch frequently, as I work in the building across the street.  

I usually order some type of salmon dish. Either the iron skillet salmon, or simple greens salad (with salmon).  The fish is pretty fresh!

I'm not sure if they hired new kitchen staff, but I always ask for my salmon to be cooked medium. However the past three times, it's been completely overcooked.  They always fix it, though!

Lastly, the goat cheese balls on the simple green salad, are amazing.  It really make the salad.  Nine times out of ten, they will forget the goat cheese ball.  Just be sure to remind your server, they'll bring it out for you.笑
i'm from california and did extensive research on food in the downtown area, even though i was only going to be here for a day. this place got good reviews, so i snuck in for happy hour before heading to the king's kitchen for dinner. basically, the only drinks on happy hour menu were a madras for $5 and miller lite for $3. um, not so cool. then i ordered the popcorn shrimp for an app. it looked delish when it came out. i even ate a couple and the sauces were yummy. even the people aitting next to me commented on how yummy it looked. then i saw a line of poop in one of the shrimp. a super gross out peeve of mine. i started to go through all the shrimp and they all had the poop. serving un-de-veined shrimp at such a fancy place?? uck!! i stopped eating. and left. will not return. BUT service was good.笑
Read reviews and beg to differ. Had to argue with staff that a martini does not only have two ounces! The glass was literally less than half full. For 11 dollars a glass! Rob was the bartender.When we complained twice, the glass got filed. Corn bread was like cardboard. Mussels very good. Trout very good. No doubt they have a good chef. However, the management is very lacking. Manager came over right when ewe we got our entrees and we asked her to come back and she never did. The bussing was a joke. We had to put our appetizer plates on the next table because they  were never cleared. Not a pleasant meal.Not worth the money.笑
New favorite brunch place! My friend was in from NYC for the weekend so I thought we'd try something new and I was impressed. The food was fantastic, especially the French toast. We did the buffet option which was ~20 and you get to pick things off a menu too. Don't forget the mimosas!!

Service was great too! Sometimes at buffets the waitstaff tend to stay away, but not here! Our waiter was very attentive and it was appreciated! Now on to my favorite part... Look at the pictures. They say a picture says 1000 words and that couldn't be more true here. Happy brunching!笑
I went here to try their restaurant week menu. It is a great restaurant. I had a great server too. He's the bartender too there and he's so knowledgable. His name's Patrick. He brought me the bread and water. The bread was really good. I love it. Then, he explained to me about all the menu they had on restaurant week menu. Finally I decided to have grilled kale salad for my appetizer (which was sooo delicious), 24-hour braised short rib for the entrée, and apple dessert (forgot the exact name thou). All the food were good, but the one I like most is the kale. Patrick was really great too. He made sure that I made the right choices for all the food. 
Overall, It was a great experience to me. The service and the food were good and I am planning to come back there.笑
The duck with the potato balls and fried Brussels sprouts with ham rocked 
A perfect Cheat meal for the week 
Way to go Morganton , NC owners笑
Good food and flavor.  Cold greeting at hostess desk.  Service good.  I would go back.笑
I tried their soup and salad combo- house salad and tomato bisque. Both tasted fresh and great. Bit on the pricey side since the serving amount is quite small. The lemonade was too sugary and not at all refreshing. Great outside patio.

Overall, you do get the fine dining experience and treatment. Servers are attentive and check-in with you. Good at refilling your water. It was an enjoyable dining experience for me. I think this a great place for lunch meetings, meet-ups, and date night.笑
If I could give Mimosa Grill "0" stars, I would.  I made a reservation with Mimosa for my family's Thanksgiving meal in 2012.  I called a month in advance and inquired about the menu.  I was explained all the menu choices that would be available and with Mimosa Grill's reputation, decided to go forward with it.  When we arrived on Thanksgiving Day, the restaurant did not have a menu - it was a buffet.  Never was this mentioned during our 15 minute phone call when I made the reservation.  A lot of people do not like buffets - so this should be made clear!  Secondly, the chef had sizzling salmon on the buffet.  This caused the restaurant to REEK of salmon and therefore every bite of food I took tasted like salmon (which I don't particularly like).  The rest of the food was overly heavy and greasy.  But, hey, at least I didn't gain weight over the holiday.  

I believe when a restaurant serves a holiday meal, there is a special trust they must have with their customers.  We choose to trust the restaurant with our most treasured memories. Also, holidays are so booked, we can't leave and go to another restaurant!  Mimosa Grill blew it (although I am pretty sure we will look back at this and laugh).  We did call Zink's (where we ate last year and owned by the same company) to see if they could fit us in.  Unfortunately, Zink's had also chosen to go with a buffet this year (unlike last year)  and didn't have any tables available.  What a shame - I will definitely be more discriminating next holiday, and my sister is even entertaining the idea of cooking.笑
Ok apps. Mostly US wines. Patio is the place to be.......笑
My first visit to Mimosa Grille was many many years ago for prom. I picked it out for our group of ten. Everyone loved it! At the time we were teenagers and had a large group, but we had the best service. The food was also amazing. 

Every time I eat here I have the duck. I just cant help myself. Their appetizers (especially the tower) are delicious. It is a bit pricey and with it being uptown can be a little confusing to park. They do offer complimentary valet parking (tip them please!) and they do validate your parking. Lat time Dan and I went we didn't park in the right deck, however we went out for drinks and by the time we left parking was actually free. 

They do serve lunch if you want to be a bit more conservative and just try it out. But I do recommend dinner, trust me the food is worth it. And I recommend the duck!笑
We were in Charlotte on business for the week.  Stumbled upon by happenstance the first day there.  Went back every single day.  We foraged the menu...excellent trout dish.  Best dang cheeseburger I've ever had (unexpected to eat a cheeseburger in a joint like this). Casual lunch experience.  Excellent staff. Service was just nothing short of amazing. Recommend the trout, cheeseburger, of course the mimosas.  Other offerings were great too.  Saturday they don't open until noon FYI.  Near the convention center and nascar hall of fame.  Good place to have a nice meal, good convo and reasonable price.笑
This place has a pretty cool ambiance. I'll round my 3.5 to a 4. Started with the hush puppies. Now these puppies are pretty big and they come seafood stuffed. Would definitely recommend. I did the Tennessee spiced fried chicken. It was pretty delicious. Has a brown sugar glaze under the toast that pairs well with it. The mac and cheese came as a side. It was just ok. Fairly bland, not much more than that. As for price? Maybe a bit overkill. Got nothing fancy and left at probably $120. This place seems pretty well known for brunch so if I came back it'd probably be to try that. We came on a Friday night and had no wait.笑
This was perfect last minute, a few minutes from the hotel but glad I made the choice.. for starters.. had the crab cakes, excellent. The mac and cheese lobster was really good but could have a bit more lobster but was still good. The fish special for the night was light and fresh.. Iight and flaky was delicious could have had a tad more seasoning but definitely would order it again.笑
I brought some out of town guests here hoping to impress them with an uptown dinner.  We left hungry and disappointed.  The food tasted ok, but nothing remarkable.  Portions were small and priced at least triple what you would pay for the same quality of food outside of uptown.  Service was friendly, but slow.  I don't think I'll give this place another chance.笑
Overrated.  Food just OK.  I had the grilled salad to start.  Nice smoky flavor, but mostly kale and radish with some pumpkin seeds.  Nothing I would get again.  I had the fish special which was blackened Mahi on spicy chili flavored rice.  Just fair.  I had the pecan pie desert which was not that good.  I wouldn't go back.  I wouldn't recommend this place or their food.  Also overpriced for the boring food I had.笑
You know that it's bad when you are daydreaming about food and it's 10:30am.  I've been here twice because of 1. Fries with Parmessan and chives (I think it's chives) and 2. a Mean burger.  This thing is big, and super yummy.  The staff was great, and it gets crowded during lunch.  Get there early OR you'll have to sit at the bar.  Which wasn't bad as it was just me.  

The food is really good here.  I will eventually try other things here... but those fries just killed it for any other fries out there.  No other fries have ever been that good.  Yum!笑
Wow this place was pretty great. Came here for a work function so we had the back patio to ourselves which was amazing, because it overlooked a beautiful courtyard. We got to sample a lot of the appetizers and everything was so exquisitely prepared. Truly a delight.笑
I'm just reviewing the bar today.
We've been meeting a coworker here for the past few weeks.  Convenient to the workplace...
I really like this bar!  The staff is very attentive and, if you wait, you don't wait long.  Good selection of beverages, although I could see a few more tap selections...  No big deal for me at all!
The appetizer list a great and we've sampled several!  The Pat's World Famous Popcorn Shrimp are terrific!!  And, the sliders are excellent!
Good upscale environment too!  Just a great place to stop by on the way out the door or anytime!笑
This restaurant was located close to our hotel, and a local coworker highly recommended. We took a short stroll and arrived before the dinner rush.  This was one of many nearby restaurants that are the "farm to table" type.

Upon arrival, we were greeted promptly and taken to our table.  As we were a large group, we had multiple friendly wait staff.  They took time to go into detail about the menu and answer our questions.

I studied the menu and settled on the pecan crusted trout.  This included creamed potatoes and green beans.

The food took a while to get to us, but that was to be expected from the size of our group.  In the meantime, we all enjoyed the appetizers that included smoked mussels.

When my food arrived, it came as one plate.  The trout was on top of a pile of green beans that was on a pile of potatoes.  

The food was pretty good and the service was as good as one would expect when you have a large party.  Would I return?  Definitely, if in the area.笑
This is a lunch review as I have never had dinner here.  I worked uptown for almost a year and tried the mimosa grill numerous times.  Overall, the food was well cooked and tasted great.  My only complaint was the portion size.  More often than not, I was left wanting more food than was served.笑
On a cold night that just happened to be my birthday, my friend and I strutted into Mimosa awaiting an experience. We had reservations and were promptly seated next to a window that looked out on a beautiful city view. The restaurant is warm, inviting and cozy... yet its a decently large area. I had really high hopes for this meal and there were hits and misses throughout. Either way I had a fabulous birthday.

Starting out with the service... WOW! Its been a while since I had that good of service, especially in North Carolina for that matter! Our server was a dashing fellow by the name of Adam and he definatly made our night. I think that his great attitude and subtle humor made my review jump up a star. Our water was always filled, food was coursed very well, and Adam showed great knowledge in the menu.

Now getting to the menu, which in itself was a bit of a cluster-F. I like more of a structure in a menu, perferably with no advertisements or noncense. I like Structured menus I guess. Maybe I am just nit-picky. At any rate we started off our meal with all recomandations from our server. The trio of Pear Salad was first. Three applications of pears were showcased, the only one that needed to be on there was the savory cheese cake with pears. The other two were nice but the cheese cake was rad. Then we enjoyed the blt Belly Sliders and the stuffed hushpuppies. I think the Belly Sliders were good... but I think they required salt, I felt that belly fat plus fried tomato could definatly benefit. The hushpuppies... no complaints. 
Now the thing I was looking forward too was this pork chop with foraged mushroom mac and braised greens. We ordered our porkchop medium/rare and what we got was... well nicely seared but the inside was so bloody red it looked like seared ahi! We sent it back and by then there was no hope left... Alas! an overdone chop. If something is sent back I would be sure to watch it like a hawk! While the mac was good I really wanted a good porkchop. 

The meal as a whole was good, save the chop. Im not sure that their "farm to plate" Ideal came across incredibly well, but I like the initiative. Definatly a delightful evening.笑
This place is stuck between two and three stars for me  so I bumped it up to 3 only because it really is a gorgeous old-school interior.  The food is fantastic....it is right by my office or I wouldn't pop in so much.  Love lunch and dinner here....I cant get over the overpriced wine though.  $16 bucks for a glass of Conundrum?  When I buy A BOTTLE OF IT at Total Wine for $19-22?  Yes this bitch has felt the need to indulge after a hard day at work but seriously????  This is not a frequent splurge.

The service is impeccable and the lunch and dinner menus are top rate.  I will of course be back (unless my office gets moved too far away lol).  You are A-OK my pricey little Mimosa!笑
This was a great place for the solo business traveler to dine with a little dignity, a cold martini and some great food last Wednesday night. I sat in the bar, ordered a trio of appetizers and watched the Celtics/Magic playoff game on TV.

Pros
-Attentive Service - the bartender was Johnny on the Spot and got my martini to me coldly and quickly, kept my water full and got my food out fast and hot. Nothing wrong with that.
-Food - I ordered the beet salad, carolina lump crab cake and hushpuppy crusted oyster grits off the Grits Bay menu. While the beet salad wasn't great, the other two knocked it out of the park along side the awesome assortment of fresh-baked bread things (no idea what they were actually, smallish muffin). A dash of hot sauce and I was having the Southern Food experience I hadn't yet had in Charlotte.
-Lowkey Atmosphere - I'll reiterate that as a solo business traveler, environment is key so you don't feel like a total creeper eating out alone. The bar at Mimosa was the perfect environment to blend-in, eat some great food and not feel like a pariah. I'll be back.

Cons
-One bone to pick with the beet salad, not enough beets and too much goat cheese - more of a goat cheese dip with beets.笑
****** 4.5 stars *****

One of the few places where I can safely say that anything you order from the menu will be sure to please. Mimosa is one of downtown Charlotte's original "great" restaurants, there long before all the big chain steakhouses decided to take up residence. This place is as safe as it gets, and doesn't break the bank doing it. The decor is very fashionable, and presents a really nice atmosphere without feeling too white tablecloth-like.

I really like the "upscale Southern" idea, and not many places in the country can pull it off as well or as consistently as Mimosa does. They specialize in local produce and meats, doing a great job of supporting all the great foods natural to NC. Any time one of my favorite dishes in a restaurant is a beefsteak salad you know they focus on all the details, because it takes a LOT more than you would think to make a REALLY good salad.

Whether you're a Charlotte native, or just visiting the city for business, Mimosa should definitely be on your list of places to try if you want a real taste of Charlotte. It may be easy to go with the big chains like Mortons, Capital Grill, and Ruth's Chris, but your money will be much better spent and go a lot further here!笑
Fantastic service! Food was delicious! I had the grilled hanger steak salad which was AWESOME! I don't typically buy salad as an entree because Im not really a huge salad- lover but in my quest to eat healthier I truly enjoyed it which means a lot! 
My friend had the hummus and ate every single bite!

This is a wonderful restaurant!! YUM yum yum!笑
My husband and I checked out Mimosa Grill for the first time during Summer Restaurant Week here in Charlotte (which is still in process). We've seen the restuarant in passing and I work in the area so I see it while taking walks and never thought to go inside.
WHAT HAVE WE BEEN WAITING FOR?? Is all I can say...

Our first course included:
Hummus with veggies & olives plus grill pita bread
&
Season Salad with FRESH tomatoes, carrots, etc..
Both were AMAZING, the Hummus was so tasty and the pita bread had a very nice char taste to it. The dressing on the salad was so GOOD that it made me want to rub my finger through the bowl and lick them :-)

Our Main Course included:
Pecan Crusted Trout over mashed potatoes & haricot verts
&
Herb crusted Salmon over fresh sauteed sweet corn with cilantro and veggies.
There are no words to express how FRESH both entrees were and how many flavors were involved with each. They were both very pleasing to us.

Our final Course Dessert:
Cheesecake
&
Peach Cobblese with BrownSugar Icecream
We are not big dessert eaters however my husband demolished the cheesecake which was pretty tasty, the peach cobbler crust was good (seeing that we both are not into cooked fruit, we just ate on the crust with the ice cream which was a SCORE)..

I enjoyed my dinner so much that I walked over for lunch the next day and had a Hummus Wrap which was AMAZING. I really like this place, the only reason they didn't get a 5 STAR out of me is because I have to ensure they are consistent. Once visit doesn't amount to 5 stars, nor does two visits. I need to see them under pressure (service, cooks, etc..) so I will wait until I visit with a large group and see how fast, professional, and good the food is and if they pass I will update my review accordingly.笑
I've been to Mimosa probably 10 times in the past 2 years or so.  It's our go-to fancy lunch for new people at work.  Always great.  I've liked everything I've ever had there from the pecan crusted chicken to the asian salad.  Can't speak to the drinks (probably wouldn't be a good idea to slam cocktails at a work lunch), but the food and service is always great.  It's not my favorite place in the universe, the southern-y type places are just not my thing, but I can't deny that the food is deeeelish.

Their catering service is also pretty great, and they're very flexible with choices.笑
I was very pleased with both the food and the service at Mimosa Grill!  The service (dining room) was over the top: helpful and friendly.  Get this: I had forgotten my glasses and the waitperson gave me her glasses to see the menu...then took them back to CLEAN them and returned them to me to see the wine menu.  Wow.  The food, majority of which is locally sourced, was excellent.  The beet/citrus/chèvre salad was beautifully presented and equally delicious.  The trout (which I was told has been the only entrée that's been on the menu for 18 years running) was incredible; light and perfectly flakey.  The homemade biscuits with seasonal fruit butter were light and melt-in-the-mouth good.  Unlike many establishments in the area that over-serve huge portions of food, this place understands the art of presentation and equally steps up to the quality you'd expect in the leading gourmet meccas.  I'll be right back!笑
Upscale foodie favorite with upscale prices. Everything fresh and well presented. Great place to take guests. Wonderful crab cakes   Some good southern favorited. Like shrimp n grits.笑
The first time I have ever asked my server to get me the recipe for a dish! The Carolina coastal catch is hands down one of the best dishes I've ever had. Great place to celebrate our anniversary!笑
We had a disappointing experience with customer service regarding a group reservation. In fact, they have yet to call back to confirm or cancel. If they can't get a reservation right, what else would have gone wrong?笑
I decided to give Mamosa two stars the first time I went things couldn't be better the service was great, the food was great, the atmosphere was great although quite  loud but everything was five star.
The second  time I went I got really sick and thought it might just be me however the other two people in our party also got sick as well and all I ate was cauliflower soup & and a side of brussel sprouts, the other two got steaks.... I won't be back笑
Came here for Sunday brunch and it was a good experience. The buffet consists of brunch food & there was a menu on the table for additional items. The additional items are included in the cost of the buffet, but warning, they are tiny. TINY! Literally, one bite of food. I'm not sure if I'd return to this place for brunch. The food was really good, but I don't eat enough to justify the high cost.笑
First time back in 5 years.  Probably will go again in 5 days.  Food, service, atmosphere....all superb.  Wait staff attentive and helpful without being over present.  Everything fresh, cooked correctly.  Excellent wine by the glass.  Priced right.笑
People from work love to come here, and their food is actually not too bad. 

I enjoyed the classy ambiance and the open kitchen. I'd recommend people to come here for a business lunch or a lunch date- the prices and atmosphere are perfect.

My favorite dish is the Asian salad, but their lunch specials are usually pretty good. If you are heading there for lunch, try the pot roast: the beef is so tender that you can cut with your fork!笑
Small Portions, Good Food, Great Ambiance, Good Service.笑
Came here for brunch last weekend with a friend. Tons of seating, great views, and great breakfast buffet. They even have a made to order menu. Their walnut crusted french toast was delish!笑
mimosa pros: beautiful restaurant the ambiance was on point. great place to take a lovely individual. 
the staff was great. very knowledgable of the menu and beer/ wine selections.  
the chefs there really care about the food.  the quality that goes into a farm to fork based restaurant defiantly shows. 
mimosa cons. not the best place for a vegetarian minded individual, but for restaurant week what can do and cook on the fly. 
some of the deserts could have been better, overall I will surely add this place to my go to's.笑
In town on business and dropped in to grab a salad to go after a workout. 4 bites of lettuce, a couple of mushy beets and a cold piece of friend chicken skin for $15?!?! You must be kidding. Awful.笑
Been here for dinner (A-ok) and Sunday brunch (woohoo!!!). One of the best brunch speads I've had. They have the usual eggs/bacon/sausage etc but they also have a bountiful selection of other delicacies....salmon, prime rib, roasted pork, shrimp and grits.   Can't beat the selection for $20 a person.笑
Getting seated wasn't difficult but after that the experience fell apart. We ordered  cocktails and water. The cocktails came in a timely manner but we only received one water. My husband ordered the shrimp and grits and I ordered the grilled scallops with butternut squash. The temperature of both dishes was cool. Almost room temperature. My husbands shrimp and grits were colder than my squash. The service was not professional. Being rushed to get the credit card out after receiving the bill.笑
Rating Mimosa Grill is an interesting balance for me.  The balance is between lunch and dinner.  This review will be for all my lunch experiences which have generally been pretty good so, 4 Stars.  Honestly though, if I were reviewing the dinner experiences, it would be a solid 3 and I expect more from a place like this than A-OK.

On to lunch...  There is a good mix of appetizers, sandwiches, salads and entrees from which to choose.  There are also daily specials.  The only one I can ever remember is the Friday Fish and Chips because it's always the special I want and it's never Friday when I'm there!  

I mostly land on the Caesar salad with grilled shrimp.  The greens are always fresh and the shrimp are plump, firm and seasoned/grilled well.  Monday's Caesar dressing was just a wee bit flat but that was the first time ever so, forgiven.  Also opted for the Tomato Bisque yesterday.  It was quite good.  Nice balanced flavors, hot, creamy, delicious!  When I have strayed to a burger or something else more substantial, I always walk away satisfied as well although, it's not a cheap lunch by any stretch.

Not sure I will ever give them a chance to up the 3 Star dinner lens with which I view them.  Too many other, more consistent, options in the price range and vicinity.笑
We had a huge celebratory dinner here during Charlotte Restaurant week in 2015, so when we returned for a wedding last weekend, Mimosa was on our must eat list. This time we went for brunch and I was just as impressed as I was for dinner. The shrimp and grits, banana muffins, and house salad were all great. The only food item that could have been improved upon was the boiled shrimp. And because I'm New Orleans, I think I expect more from everyone because New Orleans has the best seafood lol. Overall, I enjoyed brunch and a few belinis (y'all should consider a bottomless option).笑
The Shrimp and Grits were more like "Grits and Shrimp!"  They were the tiniest Shrimp I've ever seen.  The only reason I give it a three is because it was very well seasoned. I would not order it again!笑
Great service and nice staff ,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,cheap drinks and expensive food but good笑
I went here for a work lunch the other day and everything was excellent. We ordered the appetizer tower that came with mussels, crab cakes and fried green tomatoes. It was all delicious. The mussels were my favorite part. 

I ordered the Mediterranean veggie wrap with a side of sweet potatoes. It was perfect :). The location is nice too.笑
Oh, yum. YUM YUM YUM YUM. I am so happy to have found another great restaurant in Charlotte - we had relatives staying with us last week and didn't want to take them anywhere we hadn't been yet, in case it wasn't good, and we went to Mimosa after they left - were were so upset we didn't take them here! 

The service was excellent - our waiter was totally on point and had a great personality, and we made excellent recommendations - I'll get to that in a minute. The atmosphere is beautiful - we ate outside, it was a gorgeous night. They have fountains right out front and large plants out on the terrace to create a nice relaxing feel. The restaurant has soft lighting and stone walls, and you could eat inside or out and it will be just as beautiful. 

For an appetizer we got the mussels, which were in a garlic butter white wine broth - we were scouring the broth for escaped mussels by the end of it because it was so good we devoured it. Of course, even though I say I won't, I dunked the bread in the broth - delish. For the main course I had the horseradish-crusted salmon, which was very good. If you order this be aware that while the salmon is hot, it is served over cold vegetables - cucumbers and green beans. The dish wasn't as great as I thought it would be and I had immediate food-envy when my finacee's dish was placed in front of him - piping hot scallops, shrimp and lobster over grits and brown gravy - WOW! This was so yummy that I totally dipped into his dish after I finished mine. The manager even came over to see how we were because he noticed the switch - he was so nice, and stopped over a second time just to talk once our meal was finished. I can't wait to go back here!笑
The food was good, but the service was super slow. It was clear that there was servers who were working hard and some who were not. Took almost 20 minutes to get drinks and 20 after that to get the table biscuits. We also had to ask for silverware twice. Food was pretty good, but the service made the meal unenjoyable.笑
Nice family brunch after the Christmas holiday. David treated us well. Very attentive without smothering us. The food was quality and fresh. Favorites at the table were grits with shrimp sauce, braised salmon with butter sauce and the mac n cheese.  After living in Vegas for over 30 years, one can get somewhat jaded. This was great and a nice change of pace. I could imagine a nice meal on the patio and will certainly come back for thar.笑
WORST EXPERIENCE AT MIMOSA GRILL...EVER...TONIGHT!

Good heavens...what in the world has happened to quality service?! The food was good. Not great on all counts, but solid in the good category. 

Our server? What a total ninny!

He asked for drink orders & disappears. ELEVEN minutes AFTER I started looking for him other waitstaff notice that we're looking around & ask if they can help & he suddenly materializes, asks us...AGAIN mind you...if we'd like a drink. 

"Why don't we start by bringing the ones we ordered earlier before we try to order another?"

He looked a bit confused and then realized that yes...he DID get our drink orders. Ay yi yi!

We decide to order a few appetizers and a salad to share. Manager brings the prosciutto flatbread over, shares that the dough technique & recipe have been updated and we will love it. 

He was not lying. It was fabulous though far more of a pizza (even the shape) than a flatbread. No points lost here, I wanted some cheesy goodness with a nice, dry prosciutto and a chewy crust. The fact that it was round and cut in 8 triangles is not an issue. Hushpuppies=yum!

Waiter returns & takes our entree orders. Standard scallop dinner was described on the menu and I asked the waiter to share the difference between the special and the regular dish...which I have had before. He fully confused the two and mixed up the size, the volume, the accompanying sauces/items and basically was twirling in a circle. He stated that the kale was mascerated. I asked if it were in a sauce and he looked at me like I was as dumb as a box of rocks and then S L O W L Y repeated and overly articulated Maaaa-sur-AY-tid. He continued on...
"That is a special way of making the kale" 
I could not help myself. 
"Do you perhaps mean massaged? With a combination of acid, oil and salt?" 
Waiter stepped in closer to the booth. Maaaa-sur-AY-tid. 
I GIVE UP!

This, of course, is the same waiter who when I asked to hear about the specials & told him I had a severe finned fish allergy and could only have shellfish went on to tell me about the SC Tilefish and how marvelous it was & the spectacular Trout. And when he DID tell me about the Prince Edward Island mussels and described what they were cooked in...a rich tomato, garlic and fennel sauce and I asked if the PEI were done in a cioppino style he replied...I kid you not..."Pea E Aye, what? And what's cioppino? I have never heard of that."

PEI...Prince Edward Island...& then I went onto describe cioppino. OY VEY!

So my son...who I had been so excited to see after a nearly 5 hour drive in order to do so...ordered the scallop & oyster special and I selected the pimento cheese ENCRUSTED filet of beef. Served w/ vegetables & iron skillet potatoes. Okay. 

FIFTY SEVEN MINUTES after placing our entree order...it arrives. I know this because I was taking YELP photos after he walked away and have a time stamp. 

Plate in front of son looks somewhat close to what he ordered. Mine looks NOTHING like what was described except that it is beef. The 'encrusted' pimento cheese was lukewarm, at best, RUNNY to the degree that I initially thought my beef was covered w/ creamed corn and the vegetables were TIRED and lukewarm. The skillet of potatoes were less full than I have ever experienced in the past. Here is a tip...say 'encrusted' and CRUST should be a part of it. Salamander grill it!

So I eat a few bites of my filet and it's okay, but the temp is far too cool to be fresh...more along the lines of it were sitting for a LONG LONG time. When my son has enjoyed his fill (and kudos, the bay scallops were large and tender) and we ask for boxes we are rebuffed. Instead, worlds worst waiter is going to box it up for us. When I was served I had cut my filet in half, knowing one half would come home as I am not eating half a pound of meat at dinner. The other 4 ounces I had cut up and eaten less than 2 ounces of. The small box came back and I had to move it so I could open my wallet. Box felt very light. Looked in...no potatoes. No vegetables. None of the cut up meat and none of the 'encrusted' pimento cheese that had slid off the filet half. Just one sad, room temperature piece of meat alone in the corner of the box. 

I indicated that I intended to take ALL my food home and he was a) very surprised I wanted my plate b) said he hoped he could still get my plate and c) my son had predicted that my plate was going in the trash when said waiter took it the first time. He was darn near right. 

128$ later including tax, I still left a 23.00 tip. I have GOT to stop tipping for craptastic service. For whatever reason, I cannot bring myself to do so. 

For many, many years I have eaten at, and very much enjoyed meals at Mimosa. This was so epically bad on so many levels that I frankly cannot imagine what on earth would possess me to waste 2 + hours, 150$  and end up with ridiculously poor service that would not fly at the Golden Corral. How is this happening at Mimosa Grill? 

GAH!笑
Went for dinner with my wife. Great restaurant. Arguably the best iced tea in Charlotte.  They have a homemade iced tea that they blend with lemonade that is simply phenomenal. I had the lobster mac and cheese for an appetizer which was pretty good, nothing overly impressive other than the portion size. The portion served felt like it was more than an appetizer but I wasnt complaining. 
My wife on the other hand had the Georgia Stuff hush puppies and I can eat these all day. I really cant tell you what was in it other than craw fish, but the dish was spectacular. The dinner was good too. The portion was not too big, but just enough because we had appetizers and was pretty much already fool. 
Overall the service was good and our dinner was good too. Highlights were the Iced tea, and the Georgia Stuff hush puppies.笑
This place is very good, don't get me wrong.  But my expectations fell a little short.  Still an excellent place, but after reading the other Yelp reviews, I went in with 5 star knock your socks off expectations, and it's definitely not THAT good.  

They make a solid cocktail in this joint.  Very good spot to catch a drink after work.  

A lot of the dishes don't look like they do in the Yelp photos.  I think that's because every dish is made from scratch, hence slightly different every time, which is only a good thing.  They def keep it local and fresh here.

I recommend the pimento cheese appetizer, that was amazing.  The lobster Mac n cheese was fantastic, except they forgot to put the lobster in the Mac the first go around so I had to send it back.  Crab cake stack with fried green tomatoes was excellent as well.  Shrimp and oyster gumbo was fantastic.

Overall solid spot, but I'm not rushing to come back any time soon.笑
An awesome dinner on Valentines.  The trout entrée was possibly the best combination of flavors, textures, and presentation in a dish that I've ever experienced.  The ambiance is great and I'd imagine a spring reservation on the patio would be top notch overlooking the plaza.  Few places balance setting and service without being pretentious.  This is one of those places.  I'll be sure to return.笑
Came here on a short notice due to GFs friends were in town. I was not disappointed for the Sunday brunch. I am a smoked salmon fanatic (coming from the PNW) ( PACIFIC NORTHWEST) salmon is a staple and they have some good smoked salmon! "I ate $24 worth of smoked salmon. The buffet also included (which this can vary) shrimp&grits (amazing), shrimp cocktail (my girlfriends favorite) a nice steak w/ a creamy horseradish sauce, regular breakfast items, salad, fruit and desserts. 

This was our first brunch service in Charlotte and will be hard to beat. For $24 it was worth every penny. We were told it was best to make a reservation however we saw no problem with people being sat as soon as they walked in the door as well. 

The service was also very prompt, we never waited to long for drinks or items we ordered off the menu (that were included in the buffet, but were considered specials).笑
The wagyu flank steak is ridiculously delicious.  I don't even remember what else was on the plate but that piece of meat.  I live in New York and haven't been back to Charlotte in a while, but any time I hear someone is visiting, I always suggest Mimosa and the wagyu flank steak.  They also have a complete wine list and the bar is fun and modern.  I was there for a business dinner a while back and 2 different couples got engaged there on the same night so it's safe to say that it is very romantic as well.  Very highly recommended restaurant.  I can't wait for a reason to go back to Charlotte so I can visit.笑
Dined here for a working lunch.  The restaurant is huge and the tables were spaced enough so we could have a good conversation.  Opted for the steak salad and was happy that it was more salad than steak!!  They had plenty of southern favorites on the menu and they looked delicious.  Couldn't afford the food coma or would have tried.  Also have outdoor seating and looks like a great place to grab drinks.  Would recommend for a nice bite to eat.笑
Great service, delicious food, I thought prices were a bit high. The short rib was small & fatty but soooooo good!!! The fingerling potatoes were slightly undercooked. Our server was awesome. Nice meal but expensive - entree and a beer = $38 without gratuity. I would try this place if you got the monies.笑
I've been wanting to get to Mimosa Grill for the longest time. I had the opportunity to go with some other dietitians after a conference uptown. They offer a modest selection of local Charlotte beers and 5-6 craft cocktail options.

You are served delicious mini biscuits with a honey butter while waiting. These biscuits are slightly addictive and I could see myself eating far too many. While I was really torn on the sweet potato gnocci (sounded delicious - with brussel sprouts included!), I went with the trout, served with mashed potatoes and green beans. I was able to sub brussel sprouts for the green beans, and it was a delicious decision. The trout was cooked and marinated perfectly and was a delicious choice. I would definitely order it again.

The service was great - attentive, friendly and able to modify choices as needed. I always appreciate when restaurants can make necessary modifications, because sometimes it does require more work on their part in the kitchen. I also loved the inside and the brick and stones. They have a covered patio portion as well, which is great for this spring weather in Charlotte. I will be back soon!笑
Nice restaurant uptown. Easy to miss. But great location right in the middle of everything. We went for lunch so I can't give a review on dinner here but the food was great. Service was excellent. We had a nice view for people watching as well.笑
Went to Mimosa for a business lunch today, and both the service and food were good but not anything over the top amazing.
I ordered the salmon BLT with sweet potato fries, and as with all of their sandwiches it came with cole slaw. The salmon was cooked to my liking, had good flavor, and my only complaint is that it was slightly too small for the bun and I was left with a decent sized piece of aioli covered bread. The bun was awesome, however, and the salty bacon and aioli sauce complimented the salmon and vegetables very well. Both the lettuce and tomato were very fresh. The sweet potato fries were under-seasoned and not that great, but the cole slaw was some of the best I've ever had! I can see why they offer it with all sandwiches.
The service was quality as well, and the manager even promptly fixed a "messed up" order when one of my fellow diners said her burger was incorrect for having sauce when she said cheddar and aioli only (but didn't realize aioli is the sauce). All in all decent quality food with pretty friendly service, and they were fairly quick during lunch time which was nice to get us in and out in a short enough duration.笑
The food here was delicious, and the service was excellent. I have to admit I was a little floored by the Sunday Brunch buffet price- but that's what we get for not making reservations for Brunch on a Sunday. That being said was it $25 buffet food? No, but I'd definitely come again.笑
The most memorable part of my experience at Mimosa Grill was the house-made pimiento cheese. Served in a ramekin, warm and gooey with crusty bread and celery, the dish was tangy and sumptuous. Even my boyfriend enjoyed it, and he does not like pimiento cheese.

Mimosa Grill has a stunning interior--dark wood with soft lighting and brick accents--reminiscent of a bygone era of three martini lunches, but without any hint of retro kitsch. In that way it's modern, impeccably melding comfort and aesthetics. Mimosa Grill is just as well-suited for Easter brunch as it is for a bachelorette party.

Initially we ordered the daily lunch special, short ribs, but they were out. We were out for a late lunch, around 2 PM, but I still found it strange to run out of the special. The entrees we settled on were a wild mushroom flatbread and a cheeseburger. The flatbread was nice and the mushrooms very fresh, but the flavors were a bit one-note. My boyfriend found his burger overcooked. 

Our server appeared distracted, even though we initially were the only diners. When a group of young women came in they sat them in the booth closest to ours. Considering the restaurant is GINORMOUS, I was frustrated. My boyfriend and I were obviously on a date, and we would have felt that our experience was a priority to Mimosa Grill if the server had simply acknowledged us by valuing our privacy and seating the young women elsewhere.

As one of the ubiquitous high-end Southern restaurants popping up all over Charlotte, and the South in general, Mimosa Grill offers a gorgeous setting. Hopefully the food and service will catch up soon.笑
I have become a huge fan of their brunch. My experience this past Sunday was excellent. Andrew the waiter was efficient and did well with a large group of hungry women! I loved that you could order off the tapas menu, which included omlets, quiche and french toast as well as have access to the large buffet. The biscuits and gravy were the best I've ever had!! They have an extensive bar with salad, mac an cheese, potatoes, salmon, roast beef, grits, green beans, eggs, bacon, and lots more that I can't think of. There is also a dessert bar available. This place is excellent. With the buffet, drink and tip it was around $40 per person. I will be back!!笑
My husband took me here for my birthday meal and it was a total surprise. The tapas menu plus the buffet were both very well done. They have a creole inspired eggs benedict which was very tasty and the walnut French toast was delicious. I think the most mouth watering part was surprisingly the grits and their sauce. Im not even a big grits fan and I found myself getting up for seconds and thirds. Then to just top it off, the great desserts like cappuccino cheesecake and chocolate covered strawberries and I'm done. Very impressed with the happy and helpful wait staff as well overall impressed.笑
We went here during Restaurant Week and really liked it.  Everything was very fresh - farm to table concept and they support local farmers.  The heirloom tomato salad was excellent.  They were able to accomodate our food preferences and ensured my entire meal was gluten free.  I will definitely try this place again.笑
We dined at Mimosa Grill for Mother's Day Brunch and it was quite disappointing. We have been to Mimosa Grill for special events before (Mother's Day and Easter) and we always enjoyed it, but this time was quite a departure from the norm. 

They had a very hard time keeping hot food warm and there really wasn't a great selection of "breakfast" items. The two carved meats were VERY fatty (especially the beef), there was hardly any shrimp in the shrimp & grits, and the chicken was too spicy for most palates (which would have been fine if it were displayed as spicy). The breads were too hard to eat and they were completely dried out. The desserts weren't "dressed" properly so we ate something that resembled a Tiramisu, but it was lemon (who dusts cocoa on a lemon dessert?). The service was painfully slow and we had a pile of dirty dishes on the edge of our table at almost all times. For the price ($42.50/pp), they had many "filler" items such as salads, hummus, breads, dips, condiments and only a few hearty food items. Granted, we didn't leave hungry, but we would have preferred a few additional hearty selections. On a positive note, the potatoes were probably some of the best I have ever had. 

Unfortunately, that was likely our last outing at Mimosa Grill.  For $200 (plus tip) for 4 people, I can't possibly justify returning.  We have ZERO issues with spending money on a meal, but we expect the quality to meet the price-point.  Unfortunately, that wasn't the case here.笑
This is the fourth time we've eaten at Mimosa, and we've yet to have anything less than an excellent meal with great service.   The shrimp and crawfish cajun hush puppy appetizers are a great twist on a southern staple.  They're big, but split in half and hollowed out to make way for the Cajun seafood mix.   The grilled romaine is delicious, but a little heavy, with bacon and quail egg.  We had the pecan crusted trout and the blackened mahi mahi, both of which were perfectly prepared, and beautifully presented.   And our waitress Swan was as delightful as she was prompt.   We probably don't try nearly enough different restaurants in uptown simply because we always know we will enjoy Mimosa so much.笑
I really like the Mimosa Grill as it has a lot of things going for it: food, atmosphere/decor and location. The place is an Uptown favorite! I have been with the banking lunch crowd, on a dinner date, for Restaurant Week, and for Thanksgiving. Every time the food has been great! The place is known for its lobster mac & cheese, although I have never had it, the people I dine with usually get it. They put a giant lobster claw sticking out of it so it looks ready to attack your fork!

Their cocktails are very good and they have a nightly drink special so ask your server- I know with the Sunday brunch they serve $3 bellinis and mimosas.It is usually brand liquor during the drink specials too, which is an added bonus. They offer a bar bites menu too if you want a little something to go with all those cocktails. 

It is a little pricey depending on what you order. This is a great place to go for a power lunch, corporate dinner, date night, drop in cocktail after Alive After Five, nice dinner if you are staying in a neighboring hotel, or place to go when your parents are in town. It's a win-win all around!笑
Pros:
Great ambiance
Service was friendly and attentive

Cons:
Kettle one with soda - everyone knows that's soda water right??? not 7-up, gross.
Salt, salt, salt....we ordered the halibut and the veal, but we couldn't tell the difference, all we could taste was salt.

Two salty entrees, two cocktails, two salads = $130...ouch no thanks.

I have four more days in this beautiful city, let's see what else I can find...笑
fantastic! great service, atmosphere was lovely and the food was delicious! 

went in for a quick dinner last night and the brought over warm rolls and recommended a few entrees. I started with the beet salad and would highly recommend it! pretty large portion for an appetizer salad. had the salmon for my main course and it was cooked to perfection! 

would come back here next time I'm in the area!笑
Can't recall a better meal ever.  I had a roasted beet salad, so elegant, then a pork duo and luscious, savory turnip greens and fresh pea succotash.  Gingerbread creme brulee.  YUM.笑
Ny strip grilled over a wood fire with the squash casserole... on point!  One of the best spots in uptown Charlotte笑
i had the "LOW COUNTRY SHRIMP AND GRITS"
(creamy anson mills grits - sweet peppers
spinach - artisan andouille - tasso gravy)
and it was delicious.
and as part of the restaurant week with a $30 three-course meal it was a deal too.笑
Nice space that feels formal, but also relaxed and comfortable.  Bar area at the front with TVs and good option for dining along.  Dining area further back (separate from TVs) that had nice views out the windows.  The food was very good - highlight was definitely the lobster mac n cheese.  Overall, portions are smaller than I would have expected for starters, but mains were large and I still left replete.  Our server was friendly, but not well versed in the wine list and didn't have much insight into options on the list.笑
Fish and chips were great.  People should not come here for lunch and discuss business.  Enjoy your meal as if it were your last.笑
Holy mackerel was this place amazing!! LBD status to the max.

My father, cousin, bro in law, grandfather, and uncle all decided to come down for a weekend for some bball, football, & brews brew. I researched some places to take them to dinner. I'm tired of the traditional places here in Uptown (Blue, Cap Grille, etc), so I decided to try something new. Working at BofA and living on 7th, I rarely have the opportunity to venture down Tryon. This has opened my eyes to a whole new world, just like Aladdin.

Not taking any chances, I made reservations for the 6 of us. For 7 pm, I really don't feel this would have been necessary, as the place was practically completely empty. Let me give you the run down of everything we ate. Please don't judge me. I know I'm a gavone :)
___________________________________________________
Appetizers

Lobster Mac & Cheese: Thought this was the worst of what we ate. Still, would order it again. Has a completely different texture of your traditional mac & cheese. 

Cornbread: Comes out in a hot skillet with melted pecan butter on top. Do I need to say anything more about this?

Pei Mussels: WOW. The flavor of these mussels will stay with me for the rest of my life. The way they not only smelled, but tasted :)

Shrimp & Grits: A teacher of mine used to say: "So good, it'll make you want to slap yo mama." Yeah, that applies here.

Pork Belly Sliders: This could have been my meal and I'd be completely happy. I NEED THESE AGAIN!

Stuffed Hushpuppies: Halved-hushpuppies, stuffed with crawfished and rock shrimp. This was the complete showstopper. It was spicy, but tasted so damn good.

Some Special Bean Soup: I honestly don't remember the name of it, but it made me all warm and tingly inside. It was in like a beef broth with veggies, beens, and chunks of ham. Splendid
____________________________________________________
Dinner (yeah, we had room for this too)

"Old World" Duck: This was the biggest piece of duck I have ever seen. It was cooked to complete perfection and had the perfect complimentary side of butternut squash. 

Hickory Beef Tenderloin: A hunk of beef, thrown onto a plate with phenomenal ( and i mean PHENOMENAL) risotto. I devoured this thing faster than you can read this off the menu.

"Duroc" Pork Chop: Although I did not have the pleasure of enjoying this, my cuz pounded it (not pounded out). It's a traditional pork chop, but with fresh homemade apple sauce along the side of it. He did not finish at the table, but instead finished while sitting in his underwear on my couch at midnight.



So I decided to give this place 5 stars. But if you have read my reviews before, stars don't mean anything. It's all about the LBD scale, and let me tell you, this gets a 9.5 on the LBD scale. If I gave such raving reviews regarding the food, why a 9.5 you ask? BECAUSE I didn't get to try their desert. I'd be lying if I gave it a perfect 10 (like Scarlett Johannson) and it has a terrible desert. I will definitely be back there and will adjust the LBD scale accordingly.笑
Reservations 1 yr. in advance because they were booked the previous yr. 
.
Mothers day 2016 dinner @ 1830 place was practically empty and our waitress still forgot about us. When our food finally arrived we asked for sea salt & ground pepper. Never came! My wife went to kitchen and ask because nobody came back .Food was bland... They said sorry we forgot about you. What ? The place is practically empty...
.
Our water glasses were empty and my wife wanted another cosmo. 
.
Way overpriced $$$
.
We drove 1 hr. to eat here because this was were my wife wanted to go. Never Again!
.
Wife & I have traveled the World. Longhorn or any number of establishments are better at half the price.笑
Truffle Fries!!  Wow!  I am only writing a review on the total ambiance and bar menu.  I didnt actually get a chance to sit down and have dinner but that will inevitably happen soon.  The location and atmosphere is simply wonderful.  We sat inside at the bar on a Friday during happy hour and things started jumping.  Not jumping like packed and annoying, just enjoyable with people all over the place.  The bartender/staff was very attentive and very good at her job.  That is nice.  Just outside is a large patio area over looking a beautiful courtyard in the city.  Great location!  

Truffle fries.... Now, the only other fries that I have ever had that didnt require and condiments were at Capital Grille.  They were $10 fries.  They are $4 here and simply delicious.  I will be going back many times to this place just for those fries (see picture).  Also stay tuned for update about the dinner menu.  Very soon.   Enjoy!

-Ian M.笑
Brunch here is great. Buffet style, as well as special tapas selection list. Great bloody mary's and of course mimosas. Delicious!笑
Great restaurant. Friendly service, lots of good looking stuff on the menu, and the shrimp and grits was delicious. Everyone loved what they got.笑
We went for Sunday brunch. First tip, come early! We got there at noon and we didn't have to wait for our table nor in line for the buffet. People getting there 1-130 yup they waited for both. Next tip, be sure to try the bread pudding and other pastries! Best of the last four brunch places we've done this summer! The salmon and shrimp were large thick pieces and very fresh. Excellent Mac n cheese and really good selection of fruits, cheeses and cooked vegis - nice thick not over cook breakfast sausages. Good rare roast beef. Once we finish our tour of all the Sunday brunch places in Charlotte I'm definitely putting this on the top of the returning to list.笑
Great sunday brunch buffet! Eggs benedict was very good as well as the mixture of items, desserts, fruits, cheeses.笑
I have been dining at Mimosa for about five years now, since I work uptown, for lunch, happy hour and dinner.  I can say it is always a mixture of good food, average food, good service, bad service, mostly good service....I continue to return because it is most convenient for occasional work happy hours, work lunches and a few dinners...
My last experience, drinks and apps at the bar, was yet again a mixture.  The first bartender we had was NOT attentive AT ALL, she did not bring waters, which we asked for, and is crucial for two women who have just left the office and are consuming wine...We ordered the shrimp appetizer and chips and dip.  Both were VERY good.  We ended up ordering a second shrimp.
I had to flag down the bartender every time I needed something because she was too busy flirting with her partner, James, who later took over.  I HATE having to flag down a bartender because I feel rude but I needed my wine refilled!  The prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is typical of a chain restaurant but still nice and clean.  I would not recommend an out of town business guest to go there, would not go for date night dinner or girlfriends dinner, but would go again for a quick glass of wine and app with a work girlfriend or if it was on work $.笑
During restaurant week, my friends and I went here for dinner. The food was good. I ordered the pecan crusted trout and peach cobbler. According to my husband, the cobbler was "OK." The trout was delicious and I would definitely order it again. Also, I tried the lobster macaroni, it was awesome and the portion was plenty.  The service we received was poor, as the server was inattentive, lacked understanding of the menu, and was not friendly. I would go back for a special occasion.笑
Awesome experience! The hubby and
i just got off the plane at Charlotte airport, checked in to hotel in Uptown and walked here for lunch. Outstanding customer service. Our server, Travis, was welcoming and explained the menu items to us. My recommendation is the Pecan Crusted NC Mountain Trout and Low Country Shrimp & Grits. 5 out of 5 stars! 

If you are visiting the Charlotte area or looking for a spot with a great ambience and affordable, try this place. You will not be disappointed.笑
I was last the the Mimosa Grill a few weeks ago while visiting Charlotte on business. It was pouring outside, so to was very nice to be out of the rain and be immediately greeted by the welcoming decor. We were quickly seated by our very pleasant host and our waitress briefed us on the specials for the evening. I asked for a recommendation on a cheese selection her choice of a local goat cheese was fabulous. For the entree I chose the New York Strip Pepper Steak and it was prepared perfectly. A glass of Beringer Reserve Cabernet went very well with the meal. I have been to the Mimosa Grill a few other times in the past and have always been pleased with the entire evening, and this was no exception.笑
My husband and I came here for dinner on Friday night. We didnt have a ton of expectations but left very much impressed!

We started with a bottle of wine and the lobster mac-n-cheese appetizer. Oh my gosh, delicious! There were huge chunks of lobster claw in the mac n cheese and it was super creamy. Perfect for splitting!

We then decided to split the brussel sprouts and the Pecan Crusted Trout. The trout was a large portion and very good. The brussel sprouts were cooked well, a bit sweeter than I would have liked but very tasty. We ended the evening with the warm chocolate cake.

This was such a relaxing evening. Service was absolutely amazing. We will absolutely return!笑
Attended a retirement luncheon for 14. I ordered salmon and was very specific about having it cooked thoroughly.  When it came, I immediately cut into it and it was raw.  I sent it back and although I appreciate having it cooked correctly, I sat while everyone around me ate and just about finished theirs.  I quickly ate mine since we all had to go back to work.
I guess more attention needs to be paid to how the customer wants their food to avoid this in the future.笑
love this place. LOOOOOOOOVE.

i came here during happy hour on my trip to take boards in charlotte. came solo, sat at a table at the bar and pretended to look busy. had a great glass of pinot grigio, and decided to order up a storm, as i thought appetizers would be small.

uhm, but they are NOT. no wonder the server looked at me like i was crazy when i ordered. haha. got the wild mushroom flatbread. it was amaaaaaaaaaaaazing. so freakin good. and huge.

i also got the mussel bowl - which actually comes out in a HUGE freakin mountain in it's own cast iron bowl. and is amazing. so. delicious. 

and blt sliders. what the freak. you HAVE to get one of these. oh, what the heck. get more than one!!!! pork belly? fried green tomatoes?!?!?!?! SO PERFECTLY DELECTABLE. get it. get it. get it.

the perfect pre-boards meal. i had to finish the mussels, so i brought the entire flatbread home with me. and the total for my meal? it was like... $20 with tip? if you go early during happy hour, it's even CHEAPER than the listed prices. what in the world. huge screamin' deal AND delicious? how often does that happen?笑
Excellent service!! Brooke and Hannah are awesome servers!! Food was excellent, chocolate Sauce was scrumptious !! The creme brûlée is amazing!!笑
Dinner food is high quality/fresh and the recipes are interesting.

Fresh pear butter and biscuits were a nice bonus.笑
I went here for Sunday brunch trusting all the good yelp reviews.  However, I was extremely disappointed.  All the food was cold and clearly had sat around for a long time.  The servers were not friendly.  I politely asked that they bring out some hotter food and I was told "we are working on it" and the employee turned away.  Some "hotter" food came out 20 minutes later but most everything was still cold.  I called back later in the day because for $40 I expected better.  The manager disregarded my feedback, did not follow up, and clearly did not care.  My advice? Stay away unless you have extra money for cold food and bad service.笑
Pretty decent lunch.  I had the roasted chicken (which was huge), which came with macaroni and cheese (excellent) and slaw (fair).  

Sat at the bar. 

Good service.  Super busy for lunch.  Bar was much less crowded than the rest of the place. 

Nothing stood out as extraordinary, but nothing was bad.  This is where I wish I could give a 3.5  Better than "ok", but a little less than a "yay!"笑
Went there for dinner but host told us that we may have to sit at the bar due to them being at capacity. She went to check on a table and I proceeded to go too and to my amazement the restaurant was half full with plenty of empty tables. After she gave us a table, the service was so slow. I felt that the table that my waitress was helping was getting much better service . My service was so slow , I couldn't even wait for my waitress to come back after leaving the check. I had to pull out wallet and give payment cause I couldn't wait another 20 minutes for her to come back. I will never go back. I called the manager the next day and it seemed as if he was taking up for the host and waitress and all I wanted to do was politely present the concern.笑
I looked at the reviews and thought this would be a great place for bunch.  Wrong! I don't know how their regular menu food is but their brunch was horrible with a capital H.  $21 a person was way too much for disgusting food.笑
Really enjoyed our dinner here. Tried my husband's grits - a food I am normally not a big fan of - and I will admit that they were delicious. Almost as good as my salmon. Strongly recommend trying it out for happy hour. It's popping with networking from Wells Fargo and the surrounding businesses right around 5pm. The sangria in the summer on the patio is tops. Trust.笑
Tried several apps. The lobster mac n cheese was heaven!!  Good service and good food.笑
Hushpuppies were a creative take and phenomenal. After we received out app, we got our biscuits (in my opinion the order should have been reversed). That butter is heaven-sent though. Ordered pork belly and scallops for 30 bucks. Came out as two scallops and a piece of pork belly about the size of the scallop. Pork belly was overcooked and scallops were cool in the middle. I've had better quality and quantity for ten bucks less. My boyfriend ordered short ribs and that was awesome. For dessert we got the creme brûlée (nothing special) and a pecan pie (crust dough was essentially raw). That said drinks were well priced and service was okay. For total price, I would not come back. There is better quality food and service at a better price elsewhere. We got 1 app, 2 entrees, two desserts, four drinks, and two coffees for 150 bucks before tip.笑
Had the Rock House Wagyu Burger at Mimosa Grill w/ fries lightly seasoned with herbs, parmasean cheese and a hint of truffle oil

Pretty good, ordered it medium but came out well done, got a free dessert out of the monstrosity. Service was good. Had the bread pudding, lacked the flavor I expect from a good bread pudding but the presentation was nice. Ill have to give this place another shot. Also the decor is nice great place to take your next ex-wife.笑
This review is for Bar Bites only.  We stopped in on a Saturday afternoon near 5:00 after attending a nearby show at the Knight Theatre.  Hostess told us they weren't seating for dinner yet. (although according to Yelp they had been open since lunchtime) After asking to look at the dinner menu (it wasn't offered to us), we asked if we could just go to the bar.  Yes?  Yes. 

They were far from busy at what was apparently a very off-time.  Another couple were at the bar already and obviously not happy with whatever was going on.  (I think they were trying to get somewhere and their app didn't come out fast enough...have no idea how long they waited, but they were clearly unhappy).


Fortunately we weren't in any hurry and started with a glass of chardonnay for me, and bourbon drink for Husband.  Bar Bites menu is so enticing we had a hard time narrowing it down:  Decided on: Nduja Sausage & Pimento Cheese Dip with house tortilla chips for $8.  And:  Fennel Sausage Flatbread charred peppers - caramelized onions - ricotta for $12.  Both of these were exceptional!  Full of flavor and perfectly executed!

As much as we loved our drinks and food here, I have to say that we felt like we were sort of/kind of in the way of them preparing for the REAL guests that were yet to arrive...We felt like we were trying hard for them to WANT us to be there.  (I know that sounds weird, but it was made even more obvious when we left and went to a much more welcoming place).  

That being said, the food we did have was so good that had we felt more welcome we would have possibly had a great dinner to follow those bar bites! Which is also why this is still a 4-star review.笑
I usually only come here for lunch as the dinner can get pricey but the menu here is always excellent. Food choices tend to rotate through here and there's always more I want to try on the menu than I'm able to. Unique combinations of flavors and ingredients separates this from most of the places I've been around Charlotte. All-around good spot to eat.笑
Mimosa Grill, when you find it behind the vibrant inner city party scene of Charlotte is one of my favorite New Southern Cuisine spots with impeccable service, creatively presented fresh seafood and a yuppy vibe that feels good.笑
We had an 11:15 reservation, they took us early(they opened at 11:00), by the time we got sat and ordered water, no sweet tea at mimosas, it was about 11:15. We followed others to the line and quickly noticed that there were labels for items but no items. what I couldn't believe was the fact of cold food in the pans. I sat down with my food and noticed how cold it was, the waitress removed it never asking if everything was alright. I made another plate without items which could not be microwaved. I asked the man at the carving station and he got someone to heat my food.  I was also surprised at the lack of breads, pastries, waffles, pancakes and egg choices. The thing is that all of these comments, problems, and people walking away hungry could have been solved in house if they had managers checking on their guests,笑
Service: 5
Food: 4
Ambiance: 4

The service here is amazing.  Seriously, southern charm up the wazoo.  (It also didn't hurt that our sweet server reminded me a lot of a dear old high school friend of mine.)  Even the busboy was very attentive, replacing my napkin when it got soggy from a glass of water.  NY, take note: Good service apparently isn't limited only to 4-star $$$$ restaurants.  

The staff was so accommodating.  We enjoyed everything we had here:
-complimentary bread & olive oil
-Cream of Cauliflower Soup: Good, though my friend thought it was a little too salty.
-Grilled Kale Salad
-Lobster Macaroni & Cheese: So rich, so decadent.  Verrry filling.
-Pecan Crusted N.C. Mountain Trout 

The restaurant is kind of trendy and upscale, but still comfortable.  It's also spacious.  It was moderately busy on a Sat. night.  I highly recommend this spot.笑
Went out to eat with a co-worker and friend over the weekend. I had a gift card and we used it here. The food was excellent, I ordered the garlic fries to start and that in itself was a full meal. My entree was the filet and it was cooked perfectly. My friend's meal was also excellent as well. The service was top notch and we will definitely be coming back.笑
Loved the natural lighting and space at Mimosa Grill! Our service was amazing and I had a wonderful lunch salad! A great spot for friends, business meetings, or evening out!笑
This was a tough one to rate.  The hostess was very nice.  However, much of the experience was compromised.  The napkin they gave me had permanent stains on it.  I asked to order certain items a la carte and for some other things and the waiter flatly declined each request.  Not rudely, albeit, but either he or restaurant policy was particularly inflexible.  I ordered the shrimp and grits.  It was very, but I had to wait almost 40 minutes for it despite the fact that it was between peak times and there weren't many people there.  The food was great even if the portion was pretty small.  I actually left considering going somewhere else for the main course.  I provided 3 stars because the primary subject, the food, was great.  But most everything surrounding did not justify the pricing.笑
Went here for my birthday and was so disappointed. I'm not sure if the food was bad bc we got there 20 mins before closing or if it was just an off day for them. I ordered a fried chicken dish and the chicken was undercooked. When I told our server he tried to convince me it wasn't and that it was just the sauce they put on the chicken. What?! Firstly how dare you insult my intelligence. I've been eating and cooking chicken for over 20 years, I think I know when I'm eating undercooked chicken. I'm assuming the cooks just weren't going to cook anything else bc it was late. The chicken came with Mac and cheese which was ok. My fiancé had the trout and said it wasn't good. Overall the service was ok until the server blew off my complaint I had about eating undercooked chicken. That's the ultimate turn off. Won't be going there again.笑
The dinner was incredible- beet salad and scallop dinner with Brussels sprouts (ahh, to die for). Never had a better scallop dish. I couldn't stop texting all my friends about how great my dinner was while I was eating it; It was mouth watering. I would have given this restaurant 5 stars until I had the dessert...it was a complete letdown.

I ordered the creme brûlée, it was ice cold except for the Luke warm caramelized banana on top. I think it would have been great if it was even  luke warm, but it obviously just came out of the fridge.  
It was even served on a napkin as if it would be too hot for the plate..definitely not the case.
I am not sure if this was a 1 time thing or this is how normally served, but in my opinion, have the excellent dinner and either order a different dessert or get one elsewhere. 

I would definitely go back- dinner was soooo good! Oh, and can't forget about the service, it was excellent as well.笑
This is a convenient restaurant located centrally in the city. However nothing special jumped out on the menu to me but there was nothing great and nothing poor about the meal.笑
We stopped by to celebrate a friends bday! We enjoyed 1/2 off apps in the bar area. The shrimp and Parmesan fries were delicious. I think I drank 4 glasses of the mimosa tea ( lemonade/ sweet tea). I've heard they have an awesome brunch on Sunday so I want to go back and visit soon.笑
This is the higher end spot we go for lunch since it's close to work and always the spot to take a new employee or celebration.  Also a nice way to impress a client for a business lunch.

The prices are fair for the quality of the food, service and presentation (~$11-15). They have daily specials and a catch-of-the-day as well as flatbreads, sandwiches to cover the level of hunger.  Desserts were a little small, but I guess that's a good thing so I don't come back to the desk with a food coma. Too late - food coma it is...笑
Went for brunch on a Sunday! $3 mimosas and great all you can eat buffet!笑
I met 4 of my blogger girlfriends here on Saturday and what a great place! I had salad to start and the trout for my meal and that trout was absolutely delicious. My portion was big, they gave me two pieces of trout and the mashed potatoes were so good, I didn't have to add any seasoning. I would go back just to get that trout as it was so full of flavor my mouth is now watering just thinking about it!笑
The food here is AMAZING!  The only reason I'm only granting 4 stars is that it is pricey.  I've been several times with friends from out of town and they were all asking to go back the next time they came to town for business.  My favorite app is the stuffed hushpuppies!  Great to share if you have a small group.笑
A good place to grab a drink if you are downtown.  I thnk it is a little pricey for what you get regarding food.  Food is good but nothing tremendous.  Great wine selection.  Nice for company functions as it has lots of space.  Very nice decor.笑
The food was good, was expecting a bit better for the price, but I do have to say my waiter, long blonde hair, was phenomenal. Very attentive and answered all my questions about the food. Overall definitely happy with his service and the experience he has provided.

If you go there ask for him, he can recommend the best pairings and the most unique items off the menu, without an attitude.

5 stars for the service and experience
4 for the food and price.笑
Making a reservation was easy. Arriving early and asking to be seated - not so much. I'm not sure if it was the hostess policy or just the hostess herself, but when I make a reservation for a business dinner for 9 people, I don't understand why you'd make us wait until everyone arrives to be seated. You can assume we'll spend a few hundred dollars and it seems that seating us sooner is in everyone's best interest.

Now to the dining experience...our waiter was great. The food was also delicious. The drinks were strong. The prices were reasonable (for a nicer restaurant). The ambiance was quiet and quaint. I'd go back, but probably not with a reservation so I wouldn't have to deal with the hostess issue again.笑
It's not quite worth the money. The hushpuppies were amazing and the lamb was excellent. The stuffed chicken, however, was flavorless and dry. The meal took quite a long time to come out and was on the cold side. The service was also lackluster. 

It seems like a hit-or-miss kind of place and would be a good option if you want to spend a lot of money but you can't get in to the other high-end places in Charlotte.笑
It's a local treasure that may be overlooked in the city of Charlotte. However, make no mistake about it, the Mimosa Grille is a rise above the typical local city purveyor of fusion cuisine. While my experience was derived from Restraunt week have to say that had the bill been full price I would have been glad to have paid the normally expected total for this culinary delight. Beyond the meal, my server was attentive, knowledgeable and courteous to my requests and expectations. My only qualm would be that the hostess was aloof and unconcerned. A common issue overlooked by even the most establishments. If I could offer any advice to the manager is that a hostess is the am ambassador to your production. It's the first person I see and the last person to say goodbye. Please take consideration to the significance to this persons affect on every customers experience and is exreamly important in creating a premier dinning experience.笑
I heard from a couple of people that the fish and chips Friday special was something I needed to try and they were not wrong. Thankfully we were able to order our special around 12:50pm because by 1pm, they were all sold out. 

The service was great and the food was delicious. I would definitely recommend this place to a friend.笑
Atmosphere was a 5. Service was a 4. We arrived at 7:30 with a reservation and were seated just a couple of minutes later. Our server seemed like he was trying to drag out our order. He said the kitchen was recovering from the previous hour or so. Just what you want to hear when you arrive! -_- He didn't offer anything other than water and alcohol. He was basically like, "I'll get you some water and here is the drink list". He greeted us - left. Gave us the drink menu - left. Gave us water - left. Told us the specials - left. Gave us an update on our appetizers - left. Gave me my drink - left. FINALLY received our appetizers - left. FINALLY took our order - left. (That was about 30 minutes in itself.) Cue 25 minutes after that - finally received our entrees. He was still very professional and kind throughout the entire meal. It wasn't even a super busy night either. The four tables closest to us were all on desserts and after-dinner drinks. I guess the kitchen staff was very slow that evening.

The food and the drink I ordered were so mediocre it's ridiculous. My boyfriend and I ordered the lobster mac & cheese and the crab cakes for or appetizers. The crab cakes were burned a little bit, but the salad that goes along with it was amazing. The cheese mixture on the lobster mac & cheese tasted a little funny. We both ordered the NC Mountain Trout and the entire entree was mediocre as well. Which is weird because that's supposed to be one of their best entrees... I ordered the Spiced Pear drink and it was TERRIBLE. Don't try it!! I had high hopes for this place, but I would not go back again.笑
My family and I enjoyed a wonderfully prepared dinner last night... Every dish was beyond delicious! I would highly recommend this restaurant based on the execution of every dish we had, the ambience, & the superb customer service. Can't wait to visit again soon!笑
Amazing service, fantastic ambiance, incredible food, knowledgeable server.  What more can I say?笑
Excellent service! The majority of their products are locally bought and the prices are reasonable for the quality. Some of the wines are arranged where a certain amount of the proceeds are directed to a local food bank. The lobster mac-n-cheese is an amazing start to your meal, especially when it's cold out. Definitely recommend the lamb or the pork on a bed of southern smoked greens.笑
We went to Mimosa for dinner with a few friends. The service was pretty good (not great). We started with the cheese plate and seafood hush puppies as an appetizer and both were very good. I had the friend chicken and pimento Mac n cheese. The chicken was dry and lacked flavor. The small Mac n cheese portion size was disrespectful lol but the two bites I had were good. My wife had the pecan encrusted trout and she said it was delicious (8 out of 10). When I mentioned the small portion size to our server he laughed and said "yeah that is pretty small. I will let the manager know what you said about it." If you go stick to the seafood. I don't plan to go back.笑
The mountain trout is very nice. Unfortunately they no longer have pecan pie. A very popular restaurant!笑
Being a vegetarian it's always a challenge to find something more than salad n such on a menu. The chefs here did a "creative" platter with a medley of different seasonal and local veggies that were amazing. The pea purée was super tasty as was everything they put together. Awesome biscuits n honey butter too.笑
A beautiful location in uptown Charlotte. Get the Sunday brunch. Awesome! $3 mimosas on Sunday, even MORE awesome, and the bartender even allowed me to sub cranberry juice for the orange juice. Oh yeah, the buffet is really good too. Cheese, fruit, bagels, biscuits, muffins, eggs, gravy, grits lox, chilled shrimp, salmon, halibut, steak, and more and more!
Its not cheap but for the sheer amount of options available it is certainly worth it.笑
Best thing about eating lunch here is the patio seating. Special soft shell crab over mixed green salad was disapponting at best. Soft shell crab was over-battered and lacked crab flavor. Salad was dull and lime vingrette seemed to be missing the lime. Chopped red onion totally overpowered. On prior visits, sweet potatoe fries are decent.笑
Great place and you can't beat the $3 mimosas and all day specials on drinks . My only issue was the confusion with their evening open times. On the site it say 4pm to open again from the brunch closure but at the restaurant the actual opening time to order is 5pm. We were strapped for time so we didn't get to order food but maybe next time!笑
Sounded better than it was. the Waygu burger is all hype and not that flavorful. Waitress was friendly and wanted to make sure I left full, but it was not the foodie experience I was looking for. Maybe I should have got the trout special!笑
Very yummy!! The very cocktail was delicious. Then we had the stuffed hush puppies which are rich but a must share item. Then finished it with the trout that was to die for!!!!!  oh... And the biscuits... Had to bring home the left over biscuits because there is no way I was gonna leave those behind. So moist and soft and perfect. I could have just spent the whole meal eating those but couldn't because I still had so much more to try. And the only item I would not get again was the Apple salad. It wasn't what I expected which was disappointing. Next time I want to try the beet salad!!!笑
Order the appetizer tower (hush puppies, crab cakes, lobster mac and cheese; ~$30) and the flatbread app (~$12). This was just the right amount of food for 2 with a small amt of leftovers. The flatbread was amazing, hush puppies were good, crab cakes with the raddish salad were just as good, and the lobster mac and cheese was fantastic! Can't go wrong ordering any of those. Each appetizer is pretty small by itself, so keep that in mind if you've got a bigger group. Even though we couldn't finish the apps, we ordered dessert as well. The chocolate cake with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. The cake was moist and not too rich and it was eaten quickly! Overall, great atmosphere. Went in for dinner on a Thursday evening and there was plenty of seating. Cocktail attire is what most people were wearing. Only reason I'm giving a 4 star and not 5 star is because I've had better hush puppies and crab cakes elsewhere (although they were still tasty here)!笑
It's pretty odd that I haven't reviewed Mimosa yet...especially because it was my first meal in the Queen City many moons ago. 

I recall delightful scallop dishes, great sandwiches and great, locally sourced eats all around. Most recently, hubs and I enjoyed a tasty Easter brunch at Mimosa - a solid spot for all things eggy, French toasty and, well, Mimosa-y. 

For $24 I indulged a large buffet full of goodness and the best part is the included small plates menu during brunch time. Not only is the buffet nicely stocked, but the small plate menu is impressive. You want the special benedict? Order it. It's included. How about a few slices of walnut crusted, banana French Toast? Got for it. And, the crowning glory to their Sunday brunch? $5 mimosas. Mmmm hmmm. 

Get ye to Sunday brunch at Mimosa and be sure to visit the line a few times, including the dessert section!笑
Should get 3.5 stars. Was here for DNC-sponsored event. Open bar. Their offering was a bit underwhelming from their entire restaurant group. Bar service was still acceptable. 

I got empanadas, sliders, and a chocolate mouse concoction. Good place for a corporate event with perhaps best patio in CLT笑
our server was the absolute worst! he was not friendly at all, not once did he have a smile on his face. he forgot our order. did not explain menu items when asked. brought us a dirty appetizer plate. rarely checked in on us.  terrible!! the food was bland, i never add salt to anything but had to that day. i have no idea how this place has so many stars/positive reviews.笑
Horrendous service and mediocre food. Don't even waste your time with this restaurant. If you do decide to go, you will have to wait for your entree for over 30 minutes. Just awful in every sense of the way. The only redeeming quality is the decor.笑
We stopped as part of the Food De Tour. Outstanding. We had a nice table and served on a plate and all. The pulled pork was the best we had on the tour and the sous Chef came out an was full of information. The presentation was also just beautiful. I will be back for brunch. well done Mimosa Grill笑
When was the last time I was wowed by a restaurant? I don't remember.
Well, Mimosa Grill wowed me tonight.
This is my third time to eat here and the first time to review. I can't help writing a review this time.
I sat at a booth table in the bar area because I was interested in their "Bar Bites" menu.
I started with Ridge Wine Three Valleys Zinfandel. So  nice! Then I had Chopped Salad. Really good! When I was about to finish my first glass of California Ridge Zin, I ordered the Angus Burger without knowing that they grind meat in house and the meat consists of chuck, brisket and short rib.  OMG, how wonderful! 
My Angus burger came with coleslaw and fries. Coleslaw was so good without being too sweet or salty or saucy. Fries were so crispy and light. 
And the burger, the buns were nice and soft, the beef patty was cooked accurately medium as I requested and juicy and flavorful. Because it's Chuck, brisket and short rib! That's why! What a combination!
This was the best burger I've ever had in a very long time.笑
After cocktails in the bar, our party of 10 was seated in the middle of the restaurant, close to the kitchen. Loud and servers all around us. We started with the Tower, which included lobster mac& cheese. Crab cakes, seafood mix, and mussels. The Mac & cheese and seafood mix was good, however, the rest, not worth it. As for the entrees, we ordered a good variety with mix reviews. The trout seemed to be liked, however the shrimp & grits was heavy and the mahi was bland over a really bad and overlooked jambalaya. Overall, everything was ok.笑
This place was cool because it uses locally grown food in all it's dishes, which means the menu changes from season to season.  And that's cool with me because the traditional southern fare is fantastic.  Everything my friends and I had was cooked to perfection and there was a lot of it too.  

A little on the pricey side, but not to terribly bad.  The only real down side was the service.  Now we might have caught them on a bad day, but the waitress seemed rushed and we had to flag her down if we needed something.  Other than that though, it was a good experience.笑
Came here with a small group for a business dinner.  The staff were VERY friendly, professional, and helpful.  They seemed in a good mood and provided very nice recommendations for wine, appetizers, and meals.

The wine selection is incredible but, i was disappointed with the tap beer selection.  Normally, I would ding a place for that but, this is the South and, beer is not considered a food staple as it is back home in Wisconsin.  Also, this is a pretty fancy place and, they tend to focus on wine.  According to my colleagues that are very into wine, the selection was quite good.

I had the pork chop for myself, which was served beautifully but, a bit under cooked.  I ordered medium rare, it was rare.  They were very prompt and gracious about it - brought me a new one, perfectly cooked, and offered me a variety of other things to tide me over while I waited (it only took them 10 minutes to bring the new one).  It was cooked beautifully, very tender, well seasoned (balanced, you could tell it was quality pork), and it wasn't a "chop"....it was tenderloin meat on the bone...a very nice piece of pork.

i will definitely come back!笑
Delicious food and excellent service. I had the salmon, which was amazing--a really good mix of different flavors that went together so well.笑
The food wasn't really great at all . We went for the breakfast buffet and the mimosas. First the food was mediocre at best. Now that bacon was amazing and the grits good but all the other food had no seasoning the eggs the salmon nothing just bland as ever. But my bartender was really nice at explaining all of our choices.笑
Went with corporate group and we had limited menu. The hickory grilled steak was good and the pb cheesecake was awesome.
Waitresses were friendly and attentive to our crowd.笑
I loved the interior and its very relaxing after a long day. The menu has a lot of variety, all great dishes but a little pricey. The mussels were incredible! A series of appetizers and great company made it a great night. It can be busy so make sure you have your reservation and get there a little earlier. You can take a walk around uptown after dinner to work off the wonderful dinner.笑
Have been here for dinner, brunch and one of the cooking classes.  Over-all the experience is very good - the food is a good mixture of traditional Southern Cuisine, elevated to a level of fine dinning which you would expect as a restaurant of this caliber.  

They are very committed to local, sustainable, and organic food, which is always a plus in my book.  

The one criticism I can have of this place, is the service can be a bit off sometimes.  

Overall, it is a very good experience, and I would recommend.笑
I'd heard quite a bit about this place from my coworkers (who say to get the burger) but I had the pecan crusted mountain trout on creamed potatoes. The breading while quite good didn't really have any pecan flavor which I've seen done expertly in New Orleans. That being said it was still delicious but that's where they lost a star. The creamed potatoes were a great contrast to the crisp, yet still moist fish.

Still, perhaps a bit too pricey for lunch.笑
Wonderful atmosphere. It feels reasonably upscale. The food was good, but a little overpriced. The portions were not big enough for the price and quality. The service was fine. Nothing to complain about, but nothing to really gush about. I'd definitely wanna try out some other nicer restaurants uptown before heading back.笑
Mimosa Grill is a branch of Harper's, another great, classic American bistro. MG rotates their menu seasonally, so even though I work nearby and stop by for lunch and dinner, they pride themselves on offering new, fresh selections all the time. Their bartender (an older, professional gentleman) is talented, cordial, but not always attentive. 
Their salads are unique, filling, fresh, and seasonal. They have an extensive top shelf liquor and wine selection. If you're not interested in alcohol, try their sweet tea--it's a Southern Arnold Palmer (half lemonade, half sweet tea, all yummy)!笑
We came here for Sunday Brunch based on prior reviews. We were not disappointed! I'm not sure if the buffet menu changes from week to week, but they nailed it! 

Eggs, bacon, sausage and biscuits were plentiful. Smoked and grilled salmon, crab cakes, mac n cheese, and the grilled potatoes were awesome! There was also shrimp or fajita. (I'm from Texas, so I wasn't impressed with the fajita at all).  Assorted desserts.

Plenty of choices for everyone.... 

$24 per person. But it's worth it.... Drinks not included.笑
Came here after a long business meeting and I must say my service was great. Everyone greeted me with a smile. 
 
The food was a bit greasy and undercooked. 
I ordered the Pecan Crusted Trout and it still did not disappoint.笑
Stopped in here just based off of the Yelp reviews.

I'll keep it short:

Jessalyn was one of the best waitresses ever. All of her recommendations were spot on, she was super helpful, and her personality was so amazing especially on our first night in Charlotte.

Recommendations:

Brussel sprouts
Roasted oysters
Asparagus
THE HUSH PUPPIES (must get these... they're open hush puppies filled with creamy crawfish and rock shrimp. Soooo good)
Fried Chicken

Everything we had was amazing. Run here!!! The food is delicious.笑
Loved this place. The trout is the absolute bomb. The lobster Mac and cheese was groovy too.笑
Being a NY'er in Charlotte, I miss a lot of restaurants.  This is one that I always like going to.  It has a great bar, great brunch and seasonal menu.  The staff are attentive, but not intrusive and they really try hard all around.  I appreciate the effort and the mix of Southern staples and seasonal dishes keeps me coming back.笑
I came for a date around 8pm. The ambiance was beautiful. Warm and contemporary w/ a little rustic detail. Since I am on a cleanse I ordered two vegetarian sides. The braised Brussels sprouts and the hickory grilled broccolini. They were absolutely delicious and not too over cooked. For drinks I had the ST. Germaine & champagne which is my own person mix. I had at least 5 glasses lol. (My sd date was boring me to death) but I found relief in the friendly weight staff. I would definitely recommend this place.笑
Solid lunch spot. Be sure to sit in the sunny front room- the hostess tried to put me in a booth near the back, but the front is where to be. Large windows overlooking Tryon and the Wells Fargo Plaza. 

I had the Carolina Coastal Catch for lunch last week (artisan andouille sausage, jambalaya, baby peppers, green beans, tomato butter) which was delicious. Perfect place for a lunch meeting or to catch up with a friend- or in my case, an impromptu lunch date. I'll be back soon.笑
Great collard greens and  hush puppies with rock shrimp.  The northerner needs things I cannot get at home.  Nice bar and bartenders.  Great cocktails and wine list.笑
Well I'm not a yelper or a complainer , I'm a store Mgr for a large retailer and I deal with the type all the time, I never complain and I have dined at most all of the fine restaurants Charlotte has to offer, that said , my gf and I have had a gift card for 2 yrs to mimosa , we finally decide to use it last Friday , we go in, the place is empty . 2 other tables besides ours , over 10 min to get water , I'm good, finally get to order a beer and she a cocktail , 22 min in its on the table . We wanted to order the meat and cheese plate to start , 4/$16 so we asked what was available , she stumbles thru what she thinks they have and then asks us what she said , my gf tells her what we would like and she says " oh it's chefs choice " I'm like what ? It doesn't say that anywhere on the menu , I questioned it then said no thank you . So my gf orders the oysters 6/$15 , after a long wait they bring them out and they are gulf oysters . We tried them and they were for lack of a better word , awful, I mean there"re worth abt .10 ea on a good day . I honestly do not see how in the world they get the rating they have, fine dining ? Absolutely not! Service ? Terrible , with staff everywhere , I'm not a complainer but we both said WOW, I gave her the gift card and said to keep it , I wouldn't be back , I'm sure they have better days and better food , roll the dice , but for us, a pretentious joke, thanks for your time , we walked over to Ruth Chris and it was top notch ,笑
High end feel at this uptown farm to table restaurant. Definitely works for an intimate evening out or a large group. 
I love that you're encouraged to customize your meal! We had the filet, and flank steak adding some super yummy brussel sprouts (the best I've ever had,) and two perfectly grilled scallops!!! We finished with the blueberry cobbler. My only complaint was that the steak on both of our plates came out luke warm, while the side potatoes were too hot to eat. The overall experience was amazing, due in large part to our server Lindsey!笑
So, we went here for girls night.

Three lovely ladies and our waiter couldn't even drum up a smile.  He was literal wet toast.  One of my friends used the term "dead inside."  He also just kept pushing stuff we didn't want!  And it's not like we weren't ordering.  We ordered drinks, an appetizer and all three ordered dinner entrees.  And still he kept pushing like a used car salesman.

Speaking of cocktails - I ordered a $14 dollar old fashion that was served in a glass dixie cup.  I wouldn't even be upset but it wasn't good AND it was tiny.  Like a cocktail for babies. 

Another classic quote from the evening.  My friend ordered the "Tortured Pineapple" signature cocktail because she LOVES pineapple.  When she asked about it he had abosolutely no idea what it even was.  "I was tortured listening to him describe it."
It also came in the baby glass, and didn't taste like pineapple at all.  

All of that said, the food really was good.  And we didn't let Wet Toast ruin our time.  I'd go back!笑
I wasn't quite as impressed with this place as everyone else seems to be. I ordered a chocolate martini which looked and tasted like a first time bartender made, not to mention, the glass wasn't close to being full. I had the lobster Mac and Cheese. I only found a few tiny pieces of lobster, one with some shell still on it. The Mac and Cheese wasn't anything special either. Our drinks and entrees took so long we asked for our checks as soon as the food came out, then had to physically track down a manager to take our pricey checks. Maybe they were understaffed or having an off night, but I won't be back.笑
A-ok is a good way to describe it.
Minding my own business, I invited my daughter and a friend of hers whilst on a business trip in North Carolina to sup with me (they are at Belmont Abbey nearby).
I love my daughter (Rosa María - aka, Bobo, Bobes, the Bobester, Rosiropasucia, bobes@ropasucia.NET, etc.) - there, just had to say it.
Mariana came along as well and was a delight - PLUS, she is over 21 so we were able to KILL a bottle of wine together!
Lots of good, local food (I love that whole local thang) and a server who was good if not fastidious in making sure that my underage daughter (19) didn't get served alcohol.  I understand, but...

Anyway, why 3 stars?
It took FOREVER to get seated and the place was not packed - I guess they were shorthanded, but man!  Then, after FOREVER to get our food, I got the wrong item.  By this point, it was late and I still had to drop the girls off and drive up to Greensboro, so I ate what they brought.  I got a credit for my meal, but it's important to do these kind of things right if it's an upscale restaurant, right?

Anyway, yes, I'll go back.  I'll also make sure that they are properly staffed and that I make reservations.笑
I went here twice. Not because I loved it but because someone else paid. So again, not sure about how pricey this place is. I wouldn't suggest all the plates on the menu but I would definitely suggest that you don't miss the lamb shank. It is huge!!! Reminds me of something Barney Rubble might eat. Very caveman like. So delicious and falls right off the bone. Minimal fat. The steaks are also very good. Do not recommend the chicken and dumplins. Salty and not at all like what you would expect. 

Again a pretty good wine list and their bar area had lots of TVs so you could watch the game and have a beer or wine. Large restaurant. Good for groups. Had a pretty good cheese plate. Definitely recommend.笑
Awesome!  Delicious trout!   Great service and biscuits to die for!  We also had the banana creme burlee which was yummy!  Highly recommend!笑
If I were the best brunch in Charlotte where would I be?  Hands down, Mimosa Grill. Bistro La Bon looks like amateur hour and they use to be one  of my favorites.

I was beyond impressed with this incredible brunch. First, the spread was huge...Anson Mills Grits with a lump shrimp and sausage topping to  a juicy herb encrusted pork loin to a delicate homemade banana cupcake with walnuts, pineapple cream and  the most fabulous frosting I've ever tasted (so light and airy). 

 Second, the food is fresh and hot...it's serve piping on skillets and it is rotated often. The green beans were crisp my friends, the do not cook food to oblivion (hallelujah buffet gods!)  If buffets are not your style (which trust me this one should be), they do offer a  made-to-order breakfast tapas menu that is included in the $20 price (it also includes drinks). 

Third, service is super friendly...our server was so on the ball she gave us the same level of attention as if we were at a seated meal. Never was a drink left half-empty or a stack of plates visible...and I did eat stacks haha. Also, be sure to park in Wells Fargo building 2 because they do validate at the restaurant (via token). 

My personal favorites were the prime rib which was honestly so tender and flavorful I could cut it with a butter knife. I also drank the heck out of their Mimosa tea which is essentially an Arnold Palmer with a slight hint of orange (and it is very refreshing). I ate way too much and honestly wasn't hungry till 8pm that night, come hungry and you will not be disappointed! 

I will be returning soon!笑
Dinner for 2.

- Ambiance (4/5)
Laid back but classy atmosphere.  Sat in a nice outdoor area, though I would have been nicer if they had used nicer tables.

- Service (5/5)
Very quick, very courteous, very professional.

- Springer Mountain Fried Chicken, $24 (4/5)
Really good flavor from the brown sugar sauce on the outside of the chicken, though I wish it had permeated a bit better.  Certain parts of the chicken were very flavorful, and other areas had less flavor.  All in all, a really nice (and hefty) piece of fried chicken.  The toast it came on soaked up all the goodness and was oozing with flavor.  

- Southern Braised Greens, $6 (4/5)
Great flavor, though I found the greens themselves to be a bit tough.  

- Blackout Chocolate Cake, $8 (4/5)
Good cake, though could have been a bit more moist.  The banana was a very good complement.

- Value (3/5)
On the surface, the prices are pretty reasonable, but that piece of fried chicken ought to be a bit less expensive, and the braised greens also were a bit overpriced for the portion.

- Final Word
All in all, a tasty meal.笑
I took my wife to this restaurant for her 40th Birthday to start the evening off in Uptown Charlotte.  She had the fried chicken and I had the filet. AMAZING! Great atmosphere, wonderful tasting food, and priced fairly. Overall a fantastic experience!笑
Low country cooking at its best in the City!  Well, except for the lobster bisque, which was a bit too tomato-ey and not enough lobster taste.
They gladly exchanged it for two of us, and brought us a wonderful warm goat cheese salad.  Waiter was very friendly and accomodating.
Appetizers that couldn't be beat:
Lobster mac n cheese with Ritz cracker crumb crust!  Nummmy!
Creamy, chunks of lobster - great comfort food on a cold night!
Fried green tomatoes perfectly tender on the inside, crispy on the out...and a large portion of about 6 of them!  
Now that I'm full before the entree, ordered the FAROE ISLAND SCOTTISH SALMON anyway, with a lobster and crawfish boil, rock shrimp, creamy grits, peasant bread & carolina bay aioli.  Heaven on a plate!
Passed on dessert and had a nice Oban single malt scotch to wash it all down.

I'll be back...if I return to Charlotte.笑
Wouldn't recommend this place for Sunday brunch. Buffet only with a limited tapas menu. We waited at our table for 20 mins to be approached by our actual server. 
We had 1 person greet us to tell us she wouldn't be our server but got our drinks. 
1 person simply sat our mimosas on the table and didn't speak. 
The 3rd person who was not our server finally explained the menu options. 
Our server finally showed up at that point we had already looked at the buffet and would have preferred an a la carte option. He then recommended a place down the street that stopped serving brunch at 12noon...  It was 12 at that point. And for the finale a different person actually brought us the bill for the mimosas we ordered.... 
Overall poor service. Not coming back.笑
Man, I rarely give out 5 stars...check my history you'll see...well, I'm giving Mimosa 5 stars.  I don't wanna say it's begrudgingly, but it kinda is.  I'm one of those where 'nothing is perfect and there's always room for improvement'  thank goodness I'm not a teacher.  Anywho, I'm going to go for 5 stars instead of 4 simply b/c this was the best meal hands down that I've had in Uptown since I moved here.  

Better than Chima, 5 Church, Aria, that awful BBQ place I can't remember the name of..the list goes on.

Lobster mac and cheese.  Good HUGE hunks of lobster, I only ate a bite or two at the restaurant b/c it was very very creamy, and I have issues with dairy.  I know, why'd I order it...did I mention the huge hunks of lobster?  Seriously there was a whole claw that was still in tact.  I went to town on it when I got home and could verify it wasn't going to upset my stomach.

The asparagus - yum, it had a very smokey flavor.  It wasn't your standard grilled asparagus.

Finally I had the hush puppies.  This...now let's take a minute here.....it's actually a hollowed out hush puppy with a shrimp filling that is all kinds of yummy.  Oh, it was just the bee's knee's.  I'm totally doing this place a disservice with the description above b/c the hush puppies were on point.  And very unique.  

Oh and for dessert, a mini pecan pie with chocolate chips.  Yummm.


Our server was also excellent.  It was just myself and a friend and we are quite chatty and so was our server.  So I liked that too.

To recap - I'm giving them 5 stars...so Mimosa Grill please don't let me down next time I visit you.笑
Went on a Saturday night.  Had reservations and was given the option of outside seating or indoor.  Very accommodating.  Recommends the cheese plate.  Great service and atmosphere.笑
One of my favorite places in Charlotte! The menu is very unique and the food is just plain awesome! Service is very good as well.

Since we didn't have reservations, the hostess made us wait 20 minutes when half the tables (indoors and outdoors) were clearly empty. Deducting one star for mean attitude.笑
Great start with warm southern biscuits, appetizer of hush puppies delicious, nice interior warm and stonework, service good笑
Overpriced and underwhelming.  The food isn't terrible, but it's certainly not worth the prices.  

The bread tastes like oven baked frozen biscuits. 

The wine prices are marked up easily 3x what you could pay for the same brands from a local market. 

And the quality of the main dishes seems to be not bad, but more on par with restaurants that cost half as much.笑
Amazing service and the best food in Charlotte. The trout is to die for along with the cauliflower mash! This place has a great ambiance and the manager was fantastic. We first tried this restaurant only 2 weeks ago and have been back since. Highly recommend this place to anyone!笑
It's a little pricey, so if you are going to brunch...make sure you are not hungover. There is a wide variety of brunch items and everything that I tried was top notch. I only had two plates, and they were mostly full of bite-size amounts. If I had been in normal form, I would have stayed for a few hours and stuffed myself silly. 

The coffee is delicious. The wait staff was very friendly. We sat on the outside patio since it was a lovely spring Sunday morning. 

Note: Alcohol is not served until 12pm. Make your reservation accordingly. :-)

The prime rib was the best prime rib I've ever stuffed in my gob. The horseradish cream was perfect. It's worth going just for those two items. Well, and the little biscuits. And the southern gravy. And...and...and...

It's worth it.笑
Love this place!  Everything is SO good that I have had and the service is always spot on!  The crispy chicken salad is my favorite lunch pick!笑
I booked this restaurant for a business dinner while at a trade show, and it was a great choice for the group!  The staff was very helpful, and helped set up our group of 10 people in a nice a nice spot that was fairly quiet and semi private. 
The food was all very good.  The meat platter as the. Appetizer was reall good - epically the duck which literally melted in you mouth!  The stuffed hush puppies were OK, but didnt live up to th e hype the waitress gave them. 

I had the scallops, which were done to perfection. The only slight nit I had about e dish was it was a bit over- designed, with a smoked pork wrapped around the scallops, and peaches on top.  I think the food could be a bit more streamlined, but it was really well done.  

The wine. If list is fine, but a little short on choices. If you a really looking to have a great wine with your dinner, you might consider bringing your own and paying the corkage. 

I overall, it was a good experience!笑
food and service are excellent.  booze are a little over priced , but man is that food good.  went there for thanksgiving 3 years ago, had a prime rib.....  awesome.笑
This place was so good we ate here twice in one weekend. Our first visit was dinner on a Friday night. Service was attentive and friendly. The cheese platter is fantastic. Definitely try the espresso cheddar! Everything else was great as well and we definitely planned to come back. Little did we know we'd go ahead and wander in again on Sunday for brunch.

The brunch buffet here is fantastic. Easily one of the best I've ever had. Not only was there an exceptionally tasty selection of buffet items (delicious potatoes, eggs, sausage, bacon, biscuits and gravy plus lunch selections like mac and cheese, green beans, beef, desserts, etc.) they also have a tapas menu of included made-to-order items. The walnut/strawberry french toast was out of this world. Several different omelets and more. Without a doubt this place earned a spot on our must-stop list of restaurants when in Charlotte.笑
Checked this place out on a weekday for lunch. Was pretty busy but we were seated right away. 

Great selection of dishes on the menu. Was hard to decide what to order. Decided on turkey sandwich.. Very good, large portions, had leftovers for dinner. The $2 up charge for Parmesan truffle fries is worth it!笑
Had shrimp and grits for lunch.  Was not expecting much having lived on the Gulf Coast but was pleasantly surprised.笑
I only stopped in to get a night cap (dessert), so I may not be the best to write a review. However, I am docking a star because there was only one bar tender working, so it took him forever to address me, run my card, etc - and this was just for a slice of pecan pie. 

With that said, the restaurant was nice - good location and great ambience. My pecan pie was delicious as well - it came with an ice cream that tasted of bourbon. Very nice pairing. 

I got there as happy hour was finishing up, but it seemed like it was the place to be for local finance execs.笑
This is a really cool place in an awesome part of Charlotte. Came here for dinner and sat in their outside seating area. As with every place in Charlotte, the wait staff was awesome and incredibly friendly. 

Food wise, I ordered the lobster macaroni and cheese with an order of crab cakes. The lobster mac and cheese was very good, but I've had some pretty amazing mac n cheese from a few other places, so this definitely didn't measure up. The crab cakes were good as well. Nothing crazy, but very good. 

The scene is a very cool with it being more of a young professional and after work crowd. Definitely would like to come back here during the day as it's probably much more enjoyable if sitting outside. Overall, very cool place.笑
I enjoyed a 3 course brunch at Mimosa. We had a good discussion with our waiter about the area and the meal. Nice ambiance and food was top notch. I look forward to trying lunch/dinner in the future.笑
First time in clt and at mimosa grill. Service excellent. Food crazy good. Georgia hush puppies were unbelievable. My dinner comrades got the scallops and fried chicken. Both got rave reviews. My trout was excellent as well. Dessert did not disappoint. Would Highly recommend.笑
Came here for lunch once, didn't particularly care for it. Found the menu to be very limited, the service inattentive and the temperature in the restaurant set to artic. I will not be returning.笑
You were fucking delicious.

1) Georgia stuffed hushpuppies: Crispy yet delicate hollowed out hushpuppies filled with roasted leeks, shrimp & crawfish in a creamy, rich creole sauce topped with fried leeks? Drool. Perfect mixture of textures and flavors. 

2) I was in NC for work and flying back to CA with only a few days before the foie gras ban so I wanted to get some in NC. Lemme tell you, not many places in NC serve foie gras. I saw they had it on their menu served on a burger so I asked the chef to make me a special foie gras appetizer. I could tell it wasn't grade A based on the texture but the dish he made was still delicious. Seared foie gras, grilled peaches, caramelized red onions, mixed greens, shaved Parmesan on a rich, buttery rosemary biscuit. The foie gras was a tiny bit grainy and didn't have the uber melt-in-your-mouth-jizz-your-pants creaminess and richness but again, it was still very good.

3) The bartenders were awesome and super friendly.

Side note: They have half off bottles of wine on Sundays! Bottles start around $32. Definitely a good deal.笑
This is one of my favorite restaurants in the Uptown area - Yes - a little on the pricey side but the food and service makes it worth it.  The decor inside is trendy but very "rich."  Love the dark browns w/ the stone walls.  Good place for business dinners or date night.  Sitting outside is also great because you get a great view of the city.  
Make sure to order the side of mac and cheese (it has lobster in it) it is awesome!笑
Always a good meal at a fair price here.  The staff knows how to take care of you like a true guest!!笑
Disclaimer: This review is for their thanksgiving brunch only. 

This is our family's second time doing thanksgiving with the folks at mimosa's grill. Last year, I would give it a solid 4 stars (but this year it's more like a 3.5). Here's why:

The food was pretty standard for a thanksgiving buffet. They had all the fixings that you would find (stuffing, green bean casserole, squash casserole, sweet potato, and turkey). There was only 2 carving stations (ham and prime rib). The prime rib was INSANELY salty, tasted as if the beef was cured (or the chef forgot how much salt he put in it). The highlight of the buffet would be the giant turkey legs, side dishes, and the raw bar. I love raw food and there was an array of cocktail shrimps, oysters, and smoked salmon where I was able to munch to my delight. 

Here's the TLDR:
Pros:
Casseroles: it's pretty hard to mess up casseroles but I have to say it was pretty delicious
Raw bar/cheese and meat station: the appetizer courses were honestly my favorite. 

Cons:
Carving station: only 2 and the meats were not that great
Dessert: the dessert was all pre-bought and you could blatantly tell. For a thanksgiving brunch, I would want it to be homemade.

For $40 bucks a person before tax, I do not think this was worth it. But the reason I give this a 4 star instead of a 3 was because of the service. I'm going to be honest with you and my family is filled with looney bins and we ask for some silly requests (warming up cookies and a glass of milk). The server answered all of our requests without hesitating and that basically made our meal. Would we come back again for thanksgiving? Maybe. But we'll keep our options open for next year.笑
My team was in Charlotte for a cross country meet this past weekend and our team manager made reservations for us at Mimosa Grill.  There was probably a group on 15 of us and we were seated immediately.  They really worked with us picky runners to make sure we had everything we needed the night before our big race.  
They kept our glasses filled with water and sent over a few baskets of biscuits while we waited for each course. 
Everything was pretty good and the atmosphere was very nice... and best of all the race went pretty well for the team the next day!笑
Lunch Menu - large portions! Shrimp and Grits - so many flavorful bits!!! 
creamy grits, andouille cubes, ripe sweet roasted tomatoes red peppers, onions, giant garlic slices, spinach, shrimp. Lobster mac and cheese w/ medium salad. Ancho chili chicken sandwich. Dessert was ok- should have ordered the lunch tower instead. Pecan pie pie is served in a cute little mini pan w/ vanilla ice cream. Mimosa ice tea was great plus free refills. 

Service was professional and just right. 
The restaurant is just right for a business lunch or visiting tourists like us- lots of window seats to look out into the courtyard. 

Would love to go again for dinner and brunch to try some other items.笑
Just ok food and service is not the greatest.  It took a long time to seat us for lunch, and it took even longer to order and get our food.  Their chicken sandwich was ordinary and the fries came out a little cold.  I think you would be better off grabbing lunch from Chicfila.笑
I really enjoyed the mac and cheese with lobster.  A nice twist on an old classsic.  I had the catch of the day, grouper, and it was delicious.  The server was friendly and knowledgeable about the food and wine menus.   I like the decor.   It is expensive.笑
I went here for a business lunch the other day, and as a petite woman, even I was shocked at how small the portions were.  I typically need a to go box whenever I go out to eat, but here I finished my entire meal (trout and potatoes) and was still hungry.  We all ended up ordering dessert and laughed when we saw it.  The $7 cheesecake could fit on a tablespoon!  The service was pretty good in the beginning, but as the place filled up our server seemed to disappear.  He never returned to refill our glasses or bring the missing ice cream that was supposed to go with my dessert!  While the restaurant interior is lovely and the location is great for all those that work in uptown, the price you pay for the small amount of food makes it not worth it.笑
We went to Mimosa Grill for the first time this past weekend.  It also happened to be Restaurant Week, but we weren't really planning on doing the Restaurant Week menu since we wanted to try their normal menu.  Also, many times the regular menu is cheaper than the Restaurant Week menu, which didn't happen to be the case at Mimosa Grill, so we went with the three-course meal for $30, not only for the price, but also for the delicious-sounding selections.  

I started with some corn and lobster fritters which came in a small basket filled with 5 or 6 golf ball size fritters and thick, creamy Cajun remoulade.  It was a good-sized portion for an appetizer and tasted excellent with the slightly spicy dipping sauce.  Next came my rare tuna steak, cooked and seasoned to perfection, atop a bed of flavorful beans.  I then finished off my meal with a miniature pecan pie covered in ice cream with a side of peaches.  

Our service was impeccable and our server treated us with the utmost respect (you never know during Restaurant Week).  We were seated underneath the large windows in the front of the restaurant which let in a lot of natural light.  We could look out to Uptown Charlotte.  It provided a great atmosphere.  Our visit was a great introduction to Mimosa, and we're glad that we picked it.笑
Great food, my husband had a steak that was amazing, and I had the salmon.  Both meals were exceptional.  I can't wait to go back.笑
Surprisingly quite (except for our table) on the Friday before the ACC championship game. 
I would imagine this place would be hopping after work! The atmosphere was great for the young crowd to hang out. 
Most had the filet, I had the lamb, and one other the salmon. All were cooked to perfection except the lamb. It was a bad cut with lots of gristle that I couldn't even cut through, so three sizable pieces couldn't be eaten. 
The Tiramisu Chocolate Martini was with the whole trip to Charlotte!!!  We may have ordered a few extra of those.笑
This place is amazing! Awesome food and Dan our server was so nice too! I would definitely recommend coming here for a great meal!笑
We ate at Mimosa Grill for restaurant week this year and loved it!  They offered so many options on their Queens Feast menu, which is nice because I'm a bit of a picky eater!
We loved everything we had...the Lobster Mac & Cheese is amazing and the 2 types of fish we got were cooked perfectly, and the deserts were divine!
Highly recommend笑
Great place.  The food was delicious.  The drinks were superb.  The prices were very high!  Make sure you have at least $100 to spend.  I didn't even get dessert笑
Mimosa is fantastic. I went there for lunch recently for my friend's birthday. I had the best cheeseburger I've ever had in my life. It was topped with bacon and cheddar cheese, but the burger itself was just seasoned perfectly. Mm mm. It is on the pricey side, but it's definitely more reasonably priced for lunch, so I'd recommend checking it out then. As other Yelpers have said, it's just one of those restaurants where everything you order is likely to be good.笑
Great experience.  The menu has a great selection, even for my pescatarian diet.  The Trout is their signature dish, which has been on the menu for 20 years.  It was amazing and came with a huge portion of fish.  Their signature appetizer, the hushpuppies, are also filling.  Go here with an appetite!  Great place for a family/business dinner.笑
I took a group of 26 to dinner last night, and we were in the private room.   We had a happy hour party in the pasta bar with with appetizers passed around .  We then proceeded to the private dining area which is glass enclosed. Great atmosphere. The food was delicious. We especially enjoyed the crusted trout.  Service was good and friendly.  This was my biggest customer and taking a group out that large can be very stressful. I'm always worried that everything will not go perfectly.  It was everything that I had hoped it would be, and I would definitely recommend Mimosa Grill.笑
Awesome $20 (including drink) Sunday brunch that not only includes the normal stuff (eggs, bacon, sausage etc...) but also offers about 8 small tapas plates such as southern style eggs benedict, mini omelets and walnut crusted french toast at no additional cost. There is also no limit to how many mini plates you can order. Its all included in the price:) Also noteworthy was the mac and cheese, green beans, sausage gravy and biscuits, various cheeses, glazed ham and heavenly dessert selection complete with chocolate covered strawberries. A few of the breakfast staple items on the buffet were just ok. A bit better bacon would earn them 5 stars from me.  Still, I say it would  be a damn shame to go somewhere like Ihop, when for a few bucks more you can have an epic brunch here.笑
Weak brunch.  It was a buffet and the mimosas had a lingering pineapple flavor.  Don't regret it like we do.笑
It was okay. The servers there were awkward. It was decent for buffet food, but I've definitely had better.笑
Just tried Mimosa Grill for Sunday brunch. The buffet selection included eggs, sausage, and French toast; plus lunch items like macaroni and cheese and salmon.

The service was excellent even though we were at the end of brunch- water glasses were kept full and clean silverware was brought.

I enjoyed our view of Uptown.

Only quirk- when we were brought clean silverware for dessert, our napkins were placed on the back of our chair. I didn't realize this.

Overall, food, service, and mimosas were excellent; I look forward to returning for dinner.笑
I have attended a few events for my college at the Mimosa Grill. It's a great and elegant place to have a group event. The food is amazing and service has always been great. 

Recently I went to their BBQ event. It was all you can eat for $24. I went to see a musician play who is amazing. The crowd was very engaged and everyone seemed to be having a great time. Although I didn't try the BBQ I also had a great time. $2 beer specials and live music on a beautiful Sat evening. Cant get much better than that.笑
This is a really cute spot! I love the lighting and the overall atmosphere. We came in for a late lunch (around 2:00) and didn't have a problem at all with being seated right away. 

Me missing NOLA I had to try the shrimp and grits. Definitely not like NOLA, but still quite tasty. I was also eyeing the mushroom flat bread, so I'll have to check that out on my next visit. Wish I would of saved room for dessert...oh well next time! :)笑
Ate lunch here today... pulled pork was excellent, spicy but not too spicy. Really good Parmesan fries. I should have gotten a bigger order of those! The house salad was forgettable though - way too much lettuce and almost nothing else. 

The facility was beautiful, all field stone and dark wood and bright light. I'd eat there again, but it was not over-the-top wonderful.笑
A group of us went here for lunch yesterday. Nice atmosphere and everything started out great. Mussels are very good and so is the flat bread pizza. However, this two stars comes from service. I ordered the chopped chicken salad and found it was missing avacado. The woman behind the counter looked put out when our (very nice) waitress asked if she could chop some. The avacado that was chopped for me was mostly black and rotten. My friend who owns her own resturant stopped the manager, Jared, to let him know and explained we didnt want a free meal just wanted to let him know. He looked annoyed that we stopped him and showed no level of customer experience. When he walked away from the table we all just looked at each other like, what just happened??? I figured if that is how management feels about the food they are serving then I can't  recommend this place. They took the salad off the check, but, again, that wasn't what I wanted.笑
I went to Charlotte for work last week and found this place on Yelp as it was well rated and 2 blocks from the Westin.  

It deserves the four stars.  It was a huge restaurant. Plenty of space for large groups. We only had 4 people and sit by the window. 

Our food was delicious. We went with all the Yelp favorites
- grilled kale salad.  Yummy. Not heavily dressed
- trout - 5 stars.  I don't usually eat trout but this was tender flavorful and very memorable
- duck - very tender. I had it medium and it was just the right temperature for me.  

I would recommend for locals and travelers alike.笑
This place knows how to please their guests. I ate here with my parents on a gift card I received from work. I had the trout, and my parents both had the pork chop [with a side of mac/cheese] Before the meal we had an cornbread appetizer. 

All of the dishes were well plated. My trout was good, but wasn't great. I was disappointed because the pork chop + mac/cheese was awesome. The pork chop was moist, thick, and just amazing. The mac and cheese was tasty but different. 

For three, app and entries came out to $75. Not bad for a very fancy restaurant.笑
So I had a friend visiting from Denver, NC and the poor guy hadn't eaten at any of the fine dining restaurants in Uptown Charlotte. I'd been meaning to check out Mimosa for a long time and so that's where we went. Liked the decor - classy and understated; nice lighting and it wasn't noisy (that's an important thing for me - I hate having to hear the chatter and cacophony from neighboring tables in crowded restaurants!)
The special for the evening was Seabass and I decided to go for it. They said I could replace anything I didn't like and so I went with asparagus instead of artichokes which is what they were offering. It was an INCREDIBLE dish! Amazing flavors and perfectly cooked fish. Even the portion was perfect (this is usually a grouse for me at these fancy restaurants - I feel like I haven't gotten my money's worth quite often). Just filling enough to leave some space for dessert. They have a nice selection of desserts too. I went for the Chocolate and Mint Torte. It was excellent! Great way to finish off the meal.
My friend had the Salmon and a gingerbread-based dessert. He said his food was really tasty too.
The service was good too. As is the case quite often, the waitress didn't make it easy to select an entree (which I guess is a good thing because she had wonderful things to say about all the options I was considering!). She was attentive throughout, especially with refilling my water, which I drank a ton of!
Overall, it was a very pleasant experience and I'll definitely be coming back sometime.笑
I have been in Charlotte for 2 1/2 years and have been to a couple of places for brunch. I have asked several locals what is the best Sunday brunch. No one could really think of a place. After doing my own online research and using Yelp I came across Mimosa Grill. This place did not disappoint. The grits and seafood tasso gravy was delicious. The French toast was delightful. I will be back. Great brunch for the girls, your significant other or mother. Decor was elegant and service was excellent. I will be back very soon.笑
Ok to start with the waitstaff is non-existent food is terrible and we have a word for this kind of restaurant in Atlanta it's called closed so I guess people in Charlotte think this is good food but you need to come to Atlanta to find out what really four star on Yelp food taste like stay away笑
We had a team dinner here a couple of days ago. We were a group of 7, and had made a reservation. The hostess seated us immediately upon arrival, which is always nice. The decor of the restaurant is inviting and upscale and the tables we walked by all had tasty looking stuff on them.

Our waitress was a chatty lady (I forget her name) who knew a lot about the Charlotte food scene as well as the menu.. and she went ahead and dropped some knowledge on us out-of-towners! Our waitress brought us a basket of biscuits for the table, all ofwhich were light and fluffy and oh so good! For starters, we ordered a couple of plates of meats and cheeses. The cheeses were good enough that our Swiss colleague even gave them his "legit cheese" stamp!

I ordered a pecan crusted trout as my entree and I thought it was VERY good! I was a bit too engrossed in my trout to follow what everyone else was eating, but I heard several sounds of contentment from all around me. I highly recommend the trout! You should try it!

For dessert, I had the pecan pie - it was good, but not fantastic. However, the dessert portions are just right.. doesn't leave you feeling like a bloated diabetic (no offense to bloated diabetics)

Overall, this is a really nice, upscale restaurant and it seems like it is one of the better restaurants in this area. I know I will be back here.. you should check it out too!笑
This is probably one of my favorite all-around restaurants in Charlotte, especially for lunch.  It draws the typical corporate crowd during the lunch hours, and has a high class feel.  Their ingredients are always fresh, and they sometimes offer organic options.  All good in my book.  The only bad thing I can say about this place is that the Sangria sucks.  Sorry, but true.  Doesn't distract me from eating there however - top notch!笑
Absolutely fabulous. Our waiter, Adam, was great. The food was great. I'd go back here in a heartbeat.
The heirloom tomato salad may be the best thing i've ever eaten.笑
Really enjoyed our brunch at Mimosa Grill!  Lots of yummy selections - the mac and cheese and salmon were absolutely delicious.  Just a heads up though, they unfortunately no longer offer $10 all-you-can-drink mimosas :(  This was one of the reasons we had chosen to go here for breakfast, so we were disappointed to hear that they no longer have this offering "because people were abusing it."  Oh well, still a great brunch.笑
This place was just ok. I had the lobster mac and cheese but some of the shells were a bit over cooked. The cheese sauce wasn't anything spectacular just felt like a regular mac and cheese sauce. I feel this could be such a great dish but it was just okay. 

My husband had the slow roasted bbq pork flatbread - it was good but a little too sweet and a little too much cheese. I KNOW... TOO MUCH CHEESE? NEVER! But seriously when it comes to pork and cheese together there is a limit. DON'T JUDGE ME!

The best part was that if you are staying at the near by Marriott then you get a discount.笑
Well, I have to start by saying we were excited to try this place but were very disappointed with our entire experience. We went for Sunday brunch and were seated in the bar with the bartender as our server even though the place had many seats open. We started by ordering drinks off of their specialty cocktail menu. They had advertised a Jalapeno Margherita. After about 10 minutes and well after my dining companion had received their drink, the bartender came over and said that I needed to choose another drink because she could not find the vodka. We ordered shrimp and grits which were served with a film layer on top of the gravy as if it had been sitting an excessive amount of time in the kitchen and a minuscule portion of grits. The dish had fine flavor but was nothing special. My dish was the Mimosa Eggs Benedict special but unfortunately the eggs in the benedict were cooked hard so no delicious yolk to ooze onto the dish as intended. The bartender forgot we were there for awhile and our drinks were empty and then appeared to be caught up in eating some pizza and talking to other employees and we had to walk over just to pay and get out of there. I might give this place another try during a busy night but was very disappointed. This may be one of those places that is living off of a good start and good reviews but has suffered a major decline in both quality and service. Oh and by the way, if you are going to advertise a drink and don't have the ingredients then please offer the person a cocktail of their choice complimentary as an apology. That is what sets the 4 & 5 star places apart from the rest is a combination of good food, service, and management.笑
Though it took me about five drive-bys to find the restaurant (it is exactly where my GPS said, just offset from the street - meaning I did not really look hard enough), the "search" was well worth it.  I was in town for business so I was dining by myself and wanted a good meal.

When I entered the restaurant, I liked the ambiance and appreciated the Southern hospitality.  The waiter was even nicer - good conversation but not too much plus great recommendations!.  For my cocktail, I had the Berry-Peach Mojito - yum.  The flavors perfectly mixed and the fresh mint added to the flavor.  Then, the meal - Pressed "Springer Mountain" chicken, braised greens, and Carolina Gold Grits-Risotto. all perfect.  

First, I went against my usual to order the chicken (working for a chicken company - I eat enough of it on my own).   However this farm raised bird was perfectly prepared - crunchy skin on the outside, juicy and flavorful on the inside with the lemon-butter to perfectly compliment the flavor.   The braised greens were seasoned so well - a nice kick from the pepper vinegar and, of course, everything is better with bacon!  The Carolina Gold Grits-Risotto was also excellent, of course with soppresatta and goat cheese - how can you go wrong.  NOTE:  I really enjoyed this side - it is much more risotto than grits.

The only thing that was disappointing was that I was too full to try dessert.  I know if would have been fabulous!  Well, at least I know where I am going next time I am in Charlotte!笑
I've only been to Mimosa for lunch (so far), but the food has been consistently good each visit.  I really like their pecan crusted chicken salad with sweet mustard dressing, Iron Skillet Roasted Salmon, and their Carolina crab cake stack with fried green tomatoes!笑
Yummy! This place is excellent. We came here for brunch on a sunday. It's all you can eat buffet. Buffet includes prime rib, shrimp and grits, salad bar, dessert bar and several other items. The stations were very clean and our server was very friendly. Their homemade ranch was delicious!! My favorite items here were the shrimp and grits and the prime rib. I will be back for sure!! 

They also validate parking!!笑
This was a nice final touch to my trip to Charlotte.  Almost everything was yummy.  I didn't care for the pecan-crusted french toast or the quiche.  The fish (both kinds), the shrimp & grits, the made-to-order omelet and other stuff that i can't exactly remember several weeks later were delicious.  (I need to take a 3 1/2 trip back to Charlotte so i can remember. :-)  The waiter wasn't very attentive towards the end unfortunately.  But the female who filled our water glasses and brought us a few of the things we asked for was very attentive!  Thank you, lady.  And it was kind of a unique experience having to go thru mild security in order to get there b/c it was right b4 the Democratic National Convention... it added a little cachet and intrigue to the experience, hehe...笑
My husband and I came here for dinner on Friday. We sat outside because the weather was still really nice. Our waitress was awesome. She immediately asked if we were seeing a show--she wanted to be sure she got us in and out on time.

I ordered the lobster mac and cheese and crab cakes appetizer as my meal. The crab cakes were fantastic, very light and refreshing. You could tell that they were fresh. The lobster mac and cheese was good, but I was hoping for more. I really wanted it to be more flavorful and the lobster to stand out a bit more.

My husband had the fried chicken and the pimento mac and cheese. I thought the fried chicken had an excellent taste to it and you could just get a hint of the buttermilk flavor. The pimento cheese was great and I actually liked that better than my mac and cheese.

Overall, I thought this place was just ok. I wouldn't go here again. I wanted to be wowed and just wasn't.笑
This is my favorite Sunday Brunch buffet spot in Charlotte. There's lots of yummy food on the buffet itself, but then you can also order small plates like walnut crusted French toast with berries and/or their quiche of the day. I love their shrimp and grits, traditional breakfast foods and assorted cheeses. They have something for everyone. They also have $3 mimosas, the venue is nice, and they validate parking. Can't beat that, and the staff is really friendly too. It can be busy so it's worth making a reservation when possible.笑
One of my favorite places to celebrate special occasions or to even get lunch with colleagues. Mimosa  Grill has an awesome brunch during holidays like Mothers Day, Christmas, etc. the lunch specials are a great deal as well, Wednesday is the best day to go for the baked chicken. My personal favorite is the grill chicken salad or the Salmon BLT sandwich. The Arnold Palmer is usually good as well.笑
The Carolina Crab Cake stack with fried green tomatoes was delicious. They weren't too heavy and had a perfect amount of sauce. The ice tea was bold and still balanced. Thumbs up笑
my experience at mimosa grill made me walk out of there feeling like i was floating on a cloud.

the atmosphere was very nice... large place, very packed (we went after work) but not PACKED. just well spreadout people.  The wait staff was all very friendly, the menu, dear lord, had some very smart and clever offerings. i really was challenged to pick just one.

I ordered the pecan trout and the flavors (with mash, green beans and a marmalade i think) went together so well, and were so dynamic, i didn't want to stop eating it.  Other dishes ordered at the table looked divine and were well presented (want to try the scallops!)

location was odd- located in an office building, the facade doesn't give any justice to the size and atmosphere within. this is a perfect business, date, friends, etc place. any type of meal, event, etc could take place here and will have a casual, yet really elegant atmosphere.

quality, service and creativity. i really wish this restaurant was closer to me. i really wanted to go back there the next night for dinner, but being in a new town felt i should branch out. bad idea, and wish i could get my meal back from tonight at a different restaurant and turn in the ticket here!!笑
Amazing food!! Super cute restaurant!! Only 4 stars because the service was only subpar... Waitress didn't have much personality and was awkward... But a must go to!笑
DELICIOUS!! Everything about this place was great. The staff was attentive, and offered great suggestions. The restaurant prides itself on farm to table, and they do not disappoint. We started with the crab cakes and they were so good! I had the wagyu beef with loaded potato skillet and vegetables. It was everything I'd hoped it be. Great cocktails with a unique twist.笑
Fancy place. Very friendly service, excellent presentation. Ordered blacked fish, very flavorful. A bit pricey for sure. Would go back and try some other dishes.笑
Saturday night early dinner.
They have an outside patio that overlooks a court yard. Nice view! Don't worry it's covered and has ceiling fans for a steady breeze. We walked through the inside on our way to the patio. It was beautiful cool and dark. Romantic evening anyone? There were 3 of us dining. 
To start we  ordered 3 appetizers.
Tomato Salad
Lobster Mac and Cheese
Hush Puppies Stuffed with Seafood
All three were very good. There was enough for the three of us to share. 
Tomato salad was very fresh with raw peas and a yummy creamy sauce. There was a cored green tomato breaded and fried. Balsamic drizzle. realistically it could have been a bit larger. I mean how expensive are cherry tomatoes!  It was Yummy!
Lobster Mac and cheese was delicious and creamy. It had big chunks of juicy lobster. The cheese sauce was divine. It was served in a cast iron serving dish. Hot! The pasta was orecchiette which can stick together. Maybe they should have tossed it in the sauce a few more time. It was still very good.
The stuffed hush puppies had craw fish and shrimp in a tasty sauce.  Very good!

For entrees there was a Trigger Fish special which quickly disappeared. 
Two of us had the fillet Mignon. 
I ordered medium rare and my husband ordered medium. Of course they mixed up the plates. There was a size difference in the steaks. He ended up with a very thick big fillet and mine was thinner and smaller in diameter by at least half. Odd to say the least. My smaller piece had a chewy hard section.  My husbands was wonderful and he ate it all. The steaks come with 2 standard sides. A cast iron rectangular dish with cheesy creamy mashed potatoes which they brown on top which for the most delicious crust!  The second side is grilled peppers onions and squash. Yummy
I tried the signature margarita. $13 my advice skip it. 
There is free valet parking. Of course please tip your valet. 
Our food server was a little odd.  Not much personality but maybe she was having a rough night it was a little warm to be running around outside. Humid! 
Now it is a little bit of a walk from the valet parking. I overhead our food server giving wrong directions back to the valet parking. Maybe she was new. Who knows.  There are a few steps here and there so people with mobility issues please be aware. 
Overall nice place. The food is fresh and most is locally grown.笑
The food was decent here though the wine list was a bit over priced for what was offered. However service was confused. I had three or four different people waiting on me, which left me feeling like no one was, and there was a young blond gent who seemed to be trying way too hard to put on airs, which instead just seemed silly.笑
Food was delicious. Loved the parm fries and Chicken sandwich. Service was attentive, friendly, and timely.笑
Came here with a large group of coworkers. Tried to book on opentable.com but our party was too large.  Started off in the bar which was ver nice. Tuesday was $5 watermelon drink day. They also offered us 2 plates of mussels that were extra from the kitchen somehow. And at no charge!

Attentive servers and liked the menu choices.  A little more expensive than other places but worth it for the great food and atmosphere.笑
Great service, great food. Website menu was out of date as they change items regularly.笑
Great atmosphere! The food is good, service is good and atmosphere is great! I had the hush puppy shrimp appetizer and they were ok. Could have been much more flavorful though.笑
We were in Charlotte the week of July 13 and patronized several restaurants. On Tuesday, July 15 after visiting Enso's in the Epicenter for a gathering, we decided to try Mimosa Grill for a late dinner. 

We were seated immediately and sat near the windows overlooking the outdoor seating area and a courtyard. It started raining and the ambiance was perfect for an evening dinner.

My wife ordered crusted salmon with mashed potatoes and greens. I decided to try the lobster mac & cheese and roasted mushrooms. WOW! I'm glad I did. Our meals arrived quickly and the lobster mac & cheese was served piping hot. However, the other items were lukewarm. We informed our waitress and she immediately took our items back to the kitchen. Several minutes later, the food arrived and everything was nice and hot. My wife stated the salmon was excellent and my lobster mac & cheese and roasted mushrooms were to die for.

Though our waitress suggested many dessert options, we were stuffed and decided against dessert.

The excellent customer service, great food and the late evening ambiance was a perfect way to close an evening. I highly recommend the Mimosa Grill.笑
Service was fast and courteous. Shrimp and grits was great... However, the lobster Mac and cheese was "fishy."  The waiter quickly adjusted the bill, so other than a couple of funky tasting bites of food, no harm no foul.笑
This is one of the best restaurants my boyfriend and I have ever been to in Charlotte. Rodney was our server and was extremely knowledgable about the menu. His easy going enthusiastic mannerism only aided in our experience. We really enjoyed the crab cakes, mussels, and hush puppies! 

Definitely a must go to place in Charlotte! 

Thanks Rodney!笑
Folks, hands down this has to be one of the best brunch spreads in Charlotte!!! 

I met some girlfriends here for brunch on Sunday afternoon. I scored a parking space on the street but they do offer valet and there are plenty of parking garages.
 
The inside of this place is gorgeous. There's plenty of beautiful tile work and it's all windows in the dining area so you'll have a great view. In the warmer months, there's even a lovely patio section! 

For Sundays there is no regular menu! It's brunch or nothing! But that was totally fine with me! It's one price for all the brunch and tapas plates (mini omelets, french toast, eggs benedict) you can eat.  

That brunch bar is loaded! It's got everything:

Mac and cheese (cheesy goodness) 

A Grits Bar (Yep! There are tons of toppings like ham, cheese and bacon crumbles to add if naked grits aren't your thing)

Smashed brown potatoes (like hash browns but 10x better) 

Peel and eat shrimp

Biscuits and gravy (mouthwatering good) 

Herb Crusted Prime rib (tender and delish) 

Salmon

Bacon and Sausage 

Eggs

Shrimp and Grits The grits were nice and creamy! Just the way they should be. And the shrimp were tossed in a gravy sauce mixed with andouille sausage and spinach. With just the right amount of spice and flavor...I could eat this every day!

Chili (forget everything you know because it's freaking fantastic) 

Whew!

 I'm sure I'm missing a ton of things but it's more than enough variety for you to make sure you leave full and happy. What the heck are you waiting for? 

Oh and if you somehow manage to have room left after sampling all those goodies....they have chocolate covered strawberries! Yum!笑
A good quick place for dining.

The good - The food was very well prepared and came out quick, I had the raved about Halibut, it did not disappoint. The liquor selection seemed basic as well as the beer selection, however the wine selection looked promising.

The bad - staff was not personable, felt rushed and understaffed (I ate at the bar, where one bartender covered all the lounge booths by the bar (8), bar seats and making the drinks for everyone else). I know it can be better because her attitude towards the friends / employees also eating at the bar, manager and waitstaff was much better/friendlier/more relaxed than to the customers, although I feel for her and the amount of work expected.

The other - the decor was a little dated and the staff was pushy and pretentious, example would be serving hot tea and plates to customers ordering, interrupting and telling the customers to watch out they are hot (as opposed to waiting for the order to be taken and then serving.

Close to the Convention Center, good food, quickly, I would be open to going back.笑
Mimosa Grill has a great venue, limited menu and great food. They cook what they specialize in and do it well. I had the trout dish, which was delicious. It was the right amount of food, but left no room for dessert. If you have a chance, I would visit this restaurant.笑
Definitely my favorite restaurant in uptown. I come for lunch fairly often and came here for dinner for a work event just after 6pm. As always, the cocktails were delicious, and service was excellent. Ordered two sea food towers for the table and it was beautiful and tasty. I ordered the trout as my entree and it was great, I always love fish prepared here. The salmon is absolutely amazing! I recommend this place to anyone visiting Charlotte, it's always a pleasure to dine at Mimosa Grill.笑
highly recommend this spot for the power lunch in the wachovia center.  we had a series of meetings here when we were in town on business, and someone from the team recommended we eat here for lunch before heading to the airport to get back to san francisco.  we didn't know the area and would have probably ended up driving around looking for someplace decent without realizing that one of the best spots was right in front of us.  we had a similar experience the day before with Flemings where the facade didn't look very good, matter of face, kind of looked like a denny's or something with the menu on a placard outside.  

but once we got inside, we could immediately notice that it was a more upscale place. first it was crowded and there was a small wait.  second, it was filled with business folks eating which means that these people eat in the area all the time and know the best spots to eat. third, the atmosphere and interior design was well laid out and attractive so there was clearly some investment in the place by the owners. 

we asked for recommendations from the waitress and she did not disappiont. the slow roasted carolina pulled pork with cole slaw was an excellent way to wrap up the charlotte visit. the iced tea was excellent, service good. fries were great. all was most excellent as Wayne's World would say.  i would definitely eat here next time i'm in the area.笑
Great business lunch spot! The service is top tier. Our server was friendly, knowledge, and my drink never went below half-full. 

Lunch menu was full of delicious sounding dishes. The pot roast special sells out right around noon, so get there early if you want to give that a shot. I went with the ancho chicken sandwich; a little sloppy, but delicious. Lot of bold smokey flavor with the creaminess of the aioli. Roasted red pepper, tomato, ancho aioli. 

Looking forward to my next visit for dinner!笑
We came here for lunch on a weekday around 11:45 and almost all the tables were occupied. I ordered the kale and arugula salad with shrimp, and it was pretty good considering I never usually order salads at restaurants. I do wish the dressing came on the side; the leaves were almost too drenched. However the shrimp was cooked perfectly and the parsnips and radishes added a nice bitterness and crunch. The cornbread that came with it was amazing as well. I tried a few bites of the shrimp and grits though and instantly wished I had ordered that instead - SO GOOD and had more than just shrimp and grits. So if I ever come back I know what I'm getting. 

The staff were all nice and so is the atmosphere and decor. A bit pricey, but within reason and well worth it.笑
Definite points for service--we were a large group of over 20 people for dinner. The food was quite good, overall but the portion sizes were not. I had the Beet salad (not many entree options for vegetarians) and mushrooms. My group had a variety of items from crab cakes, lobster pasta, grits and shrimp to steak and cobblers and they were all satisfied.笑
Wow I have to say this place blew my girlfriend and I away. Everything we ordered had such a unique take on it, and was incredibly fresh and prepared beautifully.

We both had cocktails, both were delicious. Started with the strawberry salad, light and perfect. The server then brought their house made biscuits with honey butter... WOW. I could've made a meal out of those. They melted in your mouth.

Then we had the meat and cheese platter. We had the spicy coppa with goat cheese and feta (I forget which of each). Probably my favorite part of the mean. They serve the platter with crackers, fresh fig jam and honey. Pairing that with the cheese and meat was to die for. I'd go back JUST for that.

We then split the stuffed chicken with their brussel sprouts. I'm a fan of brussel sprouts but these were like unlike any I've had, they were cooked to perfection with honey, walnuts, bacon, and other deliciousness. Get them, hands down. 

The chicken was perfectly stuffed, not heavy handed just the right amount of everything. Super tender and juicy! The chicken just fell apart in my mouth, I'm smiling thinking of it.

All in all this place is amazing. I can't imagine anyone not finding something they love off of this menu.笑
I took my wife there for Valentines and had an amazing experience! The food was delicious, the service great, and management really seems to care here. I saw the manager (Josh) helping a young man propose and it was really thoughtful. I think that kind of going above and beyond is what sets apart a good restaurant from a great one and Mimosa is a great one in my book!笑
Went with a group of 10 people for Charlotte Restaurant week. (twice a year you can try some of Charlotte's best restaurants 3 courses for 30$) Mimosa prides themselves on being a Farm to Table restaurant. So thats why we chose Mimosa. If you like vodka and ginger beer you must try the Moscow Mule. It came served in a nice copper mug. This was sooo good, I could have easily drank 5 more. LOL. My meal started with the lobstah mac n cheese. This was loaded with big pieces of lobster and creamy cheesy mac. I felt like it might be a bit too buttery (yes buttery) as what I had left was huge pool of it in the bottom of my dish when i was done. My friend had a hummus plate and it was probably the best hummus I had ever had. That appetizer was a winner! I also had the Short Rib as my entree. This is very much like an updated version of beef and noodles (which is my go-to comfort food)The Ramen noodles tasted homemade and the broth with the veg was delish. The beef was very tender. For dessert I had the pecan pie. It was a small tart with a dollop on maple tasting icecream. Very refreshing. The only thing negative I would say that some people in my party ordered extra sides or apps and they came out at different times then us ordering just 3 courses. So therefore we had finished our entree and others had'nt even gotten theirs yet. Awkward service. Hence the reason I only gave this 4 stars.  Overall we would go back again as the food was fresh and yummy.笑
Came here for Bunch with a friend and everything we tasted was incredible! I had the steak with asparagus and it was the most flavorful dish I had in a while . Our server Dan was prompt and friendly and assisted us with great recommendations. The desserts were delicious. We will be back!笑
I was disappointed with the quality of the food for the price. But a positive was that they have a good drink selection. I also do really like the environment of the restaurant.笑
If the main character from Fifty Shades of Grey was a glutenous, food-pushing grandmother, Sunday morning at the Mimosa Grill is where she would be enacting her food fantasies, which involve sitting you down and throwing-down with the most epically delicious (pro)portions of crispy bacon, stringy mac-and-cheese, grits, fruit, quiche, potatoes, and anything else that her culinary mind can think of. 

Just as you think you can't take anymore, she'll show you things that you have never even thought were possible: made-to-order walnut encrusted french toast (seriously, best french toast ever), creole egg benedict, and whatever else comes to her deliciously profane mind. And you can't but eat anything that she puts before you.

Then, just as your eyes role to the back of your head from the sinful pleasure of overpowering deliciousness, she sucker-punches you with juicy chocolate covered strawberries, bread pudding, cobbler, and all kinds of cookies and brownies--if only to tease you of the sweetness that could have been.

Needless to say, this brunch will stuff you eight ways from Sunday and have you begging for more. Despite the trembling knees, out of breath gasps, and swears of never eating again, you'll be back. 

Probably next Sunday. 

And you'll again pay $20 for the pleasure (unlimited coffee, tea, orange juice included!).笑
This was a well made meal, in a nice looking restaurant.  I was not blown away by creativity or taste, but if someone said "we are going to mimosa grill", I would encourage them to try it.  I regret not remembering our waitresses name because she was delightful.  Her excellent customer service raised it to four stars.  On my tour of Charlotte's eateries this place is above average, but not a necessity.笑
Absolutely loved it! My girlfriends and I decide to try it out during restaurant week and it proved to be well worth it. Friendly staff and delicious food! We all got different choices and I can't recall everyone's anymore but they all looked good and all my friends had great reviews about their dinner. I had the duck trio and the banana pudding creme brûlée....oh! They were both amazing! I'd definitely recommend this place for a lovely date night or a foodie loving group of women out for girls night!笑
Mimosa is another classy dining establishment in the heart of Charlotte. It's great for a business lunch, or a nice dinner. They also offer brunch, but as expected, it's pricey. The food is consistently good. Fresh flavors, interesting pairings, and they really have something for everyone. I very much like Mimosa, but don't frequent it as I (personally) prefer Ruth's followed by Capital Grille on the rare occasion we like to splurge. Though, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it. It's great for a special dinner celebration. It's upscale and while not formal, somewhat dressy. However, business casual probably best describes it.笑
We walked over from the Westin for lunch on a Friday.  My friend had already insisted on shrimp and grits from the moment I read her the menu items from Yelp.  Wanting to get some vegetables in before all the bridal festivities (and schedule) started, I chose the kale and arugula salad to balance us out.

Our server was friendly and helpful.  We started with mimosas (not because they're the special or they have anything to do with name, but because we needed a little something and we weren't going to work), and they were a good blend of bubbles and oj.  Our food arrived in short order, and our server brought us additional plates to make splitting the items easier.  The salad was good, though slightly overdressed.  I think I'd get the dressing on the side next time.  The shrimp and grits had lots of flavor, smoke and salt.  Something made me quite thirsty in the hours following.  The grits had nice texture, there was plenty of flavorful (tomato-based) sauce, and good chunks of shrimp, sausage, and veggies.

All in all, a good fancier lunch if you're in the neighborhood.笑
Stopped by here for their Sunday brunch buffet and was not disappointed. All of the items on the buffet were seasoned and cooked very well. I particularly enjoyed the salmon. For the most part they kept buffet items stocked and they also have a small bunch menu that you may order items off of that is included in the price. When you do order these items, be aware that you are only going to get a small sampling of the item. I enjoyed the buffet and everything was good, but it is a tad bit more expensive($23, yikes) than what it should be in my opinion.笑
Passed through Charlotte on a holiday road trip, and found Mimosa Grill on Yelp. Took a look at the menu, and thought it sounded like interesting, delicious food. And it was. Food was fresh, tasty, perfectly seasoned.  Service was just the right amount attentive. If I lived closer, I would definitely go back!笑
I went to Mimosa Grill for the first time last week, during lunch. Because it is located in the Wells Fargo atrium, it is advisable to make reservations for lunch during the week, because it can be quite busy! The interior is beautiful and relaxed chic. I had the hickory grilled steak and parmesan frites. I didn't care for the mimosa steak sauce that came with it, but I never use steak sauce, so take that for what it's worth (served on the side). The flank steak was served sliced and cooked as I had requested, and was topped with a gravy/sauce of some kind that was phenomenal. The frites were good too. My dining partner had the trout, which he had on a prior visit and was pleased as well. Our server was attentive but not intrusive, the manager came over to check up on us; the service was above par. For dessert I had the chocolate ganache cake and my lunch partner had the chocolate bread pudding. 

It is important to note the prices are on the higher side for lunch; with most running between $13 and $15.笑
Phenomenal food for Saturday Brunch.  Had the Ancho chicken sandwich. Highly recommended. 

My one qualm was the service. Granted we had 16 people, the drinks and food took forever to come out. After about 40-45 minutes, our food finally came out, but two meals were missing. They said that they missed those orders and would comp their drinks for the inconvenience but when the checks came none of their drinks were comped. Each of our drink orders took roughly 15 minutes to come out. Plus the mimosas were pretty weak.

Again great food, but long service.笑
I come here fairly often for drinks and have had dinner here a half a dozen times. The food is quite good, a bit heavy for my tastes but typical southern cuisine with all the sauces/butter/oils that implies.   The atmosphere is nice and the service is always quire good.笑
Really 1 1/2 stars. Atmosphere and decor are nice but it's pricey. Food is nothing to brag about nor is the service. Desserts taste like they came out of a box. If you're looking for a good local dinning experience - keep looking. This ain't it.笑
Get to the Chase:

Pros:
1) Great for brunch buffet! All you can eat flat rate $30 
2) Polite service, though you'll have to get their attention if you want anything done
3) Great location and plenty of space

Cons:
1) Nothing special...the food is meh (maybe because we came here during a Sunday brunch buffet)
2) Don't know if I'd have paid $30....I barely went up for seconds笑
I can always appreciate a restaurant that has local and organic ingredients. Hilarious especially when you see such a place in the Southeast. You go Char-Char.

My family of 4 + friend of my sister = 5 came into Mimosa on a Saturday night. Um, why were we the only ones in the restaurant? I'm confused.... Charlotte you aren't that subruban are you? This is UPTOWN??

Regardless, the service was perfect and the food was brought out promptly.  I thought that my meal was tasty and that it was cooked to my liking.

I have also been here for lunch and had the opportunity to sit outside which was nice because it is a great location for people watching.笑
Dinner last night with Granny and Waiting for a table for a GREAT steak was NOT an option. She wanted to go to Mimosa Grill as I had taken her there in the past and she loved it! 
When we arrived, the restaurant was empty. The Hostess explained that they had just finished a buyout for 160 people and that we were the first seated after that. Our Server, Tom, was prompt in greeting us and setting menus. The nightly "Sustainable Seafood" feature sounded amazing, and was a brilliant idea. We were in the mood for Steak however, and so we both ordered the Filet, with Smoked corn and Anson mills grit cake, and asparagus. The order of Hush puppies (an institution) was ordered for the first course. We also wanted something from the chef and were sent a scallop duo. 
The Scallop dish was a TRIUMPH! The first scallop, seared beautifully, was atop a Tempura fried Meyer Lemon Wheel, ditalini pasta, and blistered local tomatoes. The second scallop, seared perfectly as well, was collared with pork belly lardon, and set atop an English pea and mint puree and accompanied by a fresh Morel Mushroom. AMAZING. The Pea Puree was perfect. a great blend of texture, essence of the mint, and taste. I could have eaten it as a soup! 
The Hush puppies came out and were delicious as always, although, a little salty, we still found them just as remembered, outstanding. 
Filets arrived at the table and smelled of the wood burning grill. One of the main reasons I order a steak at Mimosa is because of the Grill. To my knowledge, no other restaurant in the city is currently using wood int he grills. I love this! The flavor is so multidimensional and savory. 
The filets came with asparagus, which was soft and sweet. The grit cake, again, had a generous amount of salt, but still added the contrast between sweet, and salty. My Steak, Rare, was so good that it didn't last long, and Granny's (which she couldn't finish) ended up on my plate. Service the whole time was pleasant, courteous and unobtrusive, all qualities I think Tripp Cagle (GM) and staff do a really great job in training the staff. 
Alexis Mejia, in my opinion is one of Charlotte's up-and-coming pastry chefs and has really taken the Mimosa dessert menu to new heights with items such as Peanut Butter Mousse Bombe with Concord grape granita (which we ordered) and the Key lime Cheesecake with Candied Orange Rind. All southern favorites, with some really fun accents! 
I will say, I have always loved this place and get a feeling of nostalgia when I walk down the long hallway that is the dining room and feel the warmth from the sandstone columns. I know I'm going to eat well when I'm there, and they never disappoint.笑
Service was good except they forgot to give us the basket of biscuits which we received promptly after we asked for it. The fried oysters were a disappointment. the breading fell off and they seemed under cooked. The lamb was cooked and seasoned perfectly. The dumplings that came with it were mediocre as was the cheesy creamed spinach. The short rib was tasty served on a bed of potato hash also good. The peach cobbler was not made with fresh peaches and should be skipped.笑
I was expecting more out of this place based on it's rating, but alas I'm leaving with $82 worth of disappointment for brunch to 2 people. While the plating was on point,the food was generally bland. To start, we ordered the Blood Mary flight and some watermelon-tequila drink. The flight was unexciting, mediocre, and all tasted the same. The watermelon drink was ok, but not we'll balanced. Next, for appetizers we ordered the devilled eggs (bland and basic) and crab cakes (overcooked). Finally, for entrees we ordered the pecan crusted trout and chicken and waffles. The chicken and waffles was terrible. The chicken was small and dried out and the flavor didn't even compensate. The best thing we had here was the pecan crusted trout. It was well-cooked and the peach chutney on top was a nice compliment.

Overall, I won't be returning if I find myself back in Charlotte.笑
Went for dinner with my wife on a Saturday night June 23rd.   This was our first time eating here.  We started out with some drinks and those lovely hot buttermilk biscuts with strawberry butter.  We had the Carolina crabcakes which were excellent.  My wife had the shrimp and grits and I had the pressed chicken.  Both were very very good hats off to the chef.  The atmosphere was so relaxing and the service was great.  We will definitely go back to try some more of the dishes!!!笑
Very good!  I had the shrimp and grits and it it was definitely worth the money. Only gave 4 stars because it didn't make me go WOW, but still it was very good. 
The wait staff were very pleasant and service was fast. 
Worth the stop so go in and get some food.笑
Excellent restaurant and experience - the main courses are excellent and the starters and desserts are excellent - will have to decide which one you want as you probably won't have room for both.  The fact they use local growers/suppliers make the southern menu that much enticing.笑
Mimosa was fantastic! The food was excellent and they have some very nice cocktails. I would recommend the creole hush puppies as an appetizer and then the braised pork for an entree! It was a very generous portion and the gnocchi was superb笑
It was okay. I'll start out by saying that the ambiance of the restaurant is great, and the location is excellent. As many of the yelp reviews suggest, we started out with the lobster mac and cheese which was pretty good. The mac and cheese was nothing to write home about but the lobster was awesome, and they didn't skimp on it which I appreciate. My boyfriend and I got the salmon and the trout special (?) which weren't anything to write home about. I honestly felt like I could have made something similar at home. Also, the trout special was wayyyyy oversalted. My boyfriend literally would lick salt off of a plate (gross, I know), and he even thought it was too salty. I don't know, maybe we came on an off night.笑
lobster mac & cheese, and pan seared muscles!  nuff said!笑
A very disappointing  meal. Service was subpar. I had high expectations after the high four stars reviews.  It failed to deliver. My crab cakes appetizers were bland, and boring. I ordered the salmon main course with a request for a moist salmon.  It was dry,  and tasteless. I will not be a returning guest on future trips to Charlotte.笑
Stopped in for Sunday brunch - which is a $20 all you can eat buffet.  The buffet was stocked with mac and cheese, smoked salmon, shrimp, grits, and pork loin. There was also a small plates, tapas style menu with dishes like eggs with hollandaise sauce and walnut-crusted french toast. The small plates were INCLUDED in the price.  For dessert, there was bread budding, fresh fruit, a few cheese varieties, brownies, and cannolis. It's a great deal - and yes, I overate.笑
third visit.  Classy / casual.  Excellent and well-prepared menu.  Service appropriate - no rush but attentive.笑
We came during restaurant week and it was busy with that, the server was not great. We wouldn't see him for 15mins at a time, noticed all other tables had bread...we didn't, never really checked in on how our food was. He also told us wrong things about the menu.

As for the food, price does not fit the quality or size. We ordered a salad and the cheese plate for appetizer... It was average. I got the short rib which was really good. Perfect size for  female small for a guy. My husband got the pork and was ok. The server said the portion was larger for that dish... Not at all, less food than me and had 3 gnocchi on the plate.

Dessert, I got the silk pie and it was ok, the crust was kinda odd, too much peanuts or whatever they used in it. My husband got the pecan pie and he liked it.

We don't plan to returning. Bad service, expensive food that's average at most.笑
I'm giving it a-ok because the service was nice.

We only sat at the bar for a couple of drinks and apps so this isn't for the full restaurant experience.

The cosmopolitans were tasty (yes, I still drink them!) and mixed well.  I spilled my drink about halfway through & the bartender came around to help me mop it up & graciously remade me my half drink!

The appetizer.  The Popcorn Shrimp.  Not good.  

Maybe it's just me, but I think of popcorn shrimp as little nuggets of shrimp wonderfulness, just crispy enough, but not over done.  No sauce on the shrimp to weaken the glorious bond of shrimp & crisp, light batter.  We didn't get those.

My sweetie said "I've never heard you say you don't like something at all",  but I did just that.

The poor shrimp were smothered in some kind of sweet-ish red sauce and then covered again in some kind of sweet horseradish sauce.  There was no crisp left in the coating and the texture in the mouth was swampy & eel-like as the coating slithered off the shrimp.  I don't usually have texture issues either, but ugh, blech, blaaah!

Sorry, Mimosa.  You need a re-do on that app.笑
Sunday Brunch!  WOW, what an experience.  Being from Columbia, we have a few great places, but this was amazing!  Of course there is a wait, and it can get loud and crowded, but the food and drinks are well worth it!  

Give it a try, you will not be disappointed!笑
This place was awesome! Mimosa and Bellini were the best I ever had! No wait in line like all the resturants in Atl..笑
I cannot say much besides positive things about Mimosa Grill! I generally do not ever order fish (besides halibut or cod) because I do not care for fishy tasting fish. But tonight, my waitress convinced be to try the very popular pecan-crusted trout. It was wonderful! And the mashed potatoes served with it were silky smooth and delish!

For dessert, I had to try the Banana Puddin' Creme Brulee. No regrets there.

But the highlight of the meal for me was the appetizer. Mimosa Grill's version of hush puppies has the hush puppies hollowed out and filled with a lightly sauteed shrimp in a white wine cream sauce and served on a bed of a red pepper and tomato sauce. Just better than you can imagine. Don't miss trying this appetizer.

The waitstaff was so nice and helpful and the decor and atmosphere was so pleasant.笑
First of all, the decor is very nice, and the service is great.  But none of that is any good if the food isn't up to par!  And, the food is NOT up to par.  

I ordered the Rock House Farm Artisan Pork, which turned out to be teeny slices of unseasoned chewy pork loin layered with collard greens, some mac and cheese, a cube of fried pork belly with a greasy dab of something they call Arkansas black apple sauce. The collard greens were great, and the mac and cheese were great, but the rest was not worth eating.  All for $27.  Folks, pork loin is not expensive, and should always be tender and bountiful.  And don't give me a cube of fried pork belly and call it braised smokey bacon.  The Arkansas black apple sauce makes me never want to go to Arkansas.

The two stars are based on the nice decor and excellent service.  But the food was not so great.笑
I am so glad we switched from our previous brunch plans to try this place.  For $20 you get all you can eat of the most amazing grits, cedar plank salmon, mac and cheese, shrimp, peach cobbler, pecan-crushed french toast.. I could keep going, but then I would salivate on my keyboard.  Coffee, water, tea included, what??  After 12:00pm (per NC state law) you can have $10 all-you-can-drink mimosas, too!!  

The food was excellent, the service was impeccable, if not borderline obsessive, and the free valet parking helped make this a hassle-free, gluttonfest.笑
My coworker and I came here for lunch on a Saturday. They weren't too busy and we were seated in this nice enclosed patio area (inside with the air conditioning, but had glass windows all around so you can look outside). 

My coworker got the iron skillet roasted salmon and said it was just okay. She also had very fibrous pieces of artichokes on her dish which wasn't edible. However, I ordered the pecan crusted NC Mountain trout and really enjoyed it. It came with mashed yukon potatoes, green beans, peach chutney, and honey-lemon butter. The dish came with two pieces of trout topped over the mashed potatoes and green beans. I really like the pecan crusted fish because it gave the fish a nice nutty aroma. I also really like the honey-lemon butter. You can taste the slight sweetness from the honey, but it doesn't overpower the flavors  at all. The pecan crust and honey butter was a great combination on the fish. 

Service was good and the trout was delicious!笑
Beautiful upscale Charlotte dining establishment. Extremely roomy with several seating options throughout its dining area. There is a full bar which also has tables on a first come first serve basis. I dined with a large group. We had a limited menu and I can speak for at least 10 of us by saying Mimosa Grill did not disappoint. The servers were on point! They worked together to make sure our food arrived promptly, empty plates were removed immediately, drinks filled instantaneously and constantly asked if there was anything else we desired...all done with a smile. Mimosa Grill is fine dining. The table top tea lights, linen napkins and gorgeous view really set a great tone for an evening out. 

*Food synopsis:

Cream cauliflower soup 
Lobster Mac & Cheese (don't leave w/o it)
Stuffed hush puppies with shrimp, clams 
Fried green tomatoes
Salad with parsnips, tomato, Asiago, vinaigrette 
Grilled chicken & fingerling potatoes (I sub'd for green beans) 
Salmon & sautéed veggies 
Fruit cobbler 
Cheesecake 

*Rating for all above items:

Whopping 5/5 Stars on the Christy Scale.笑
Took my parents here for brunch on a Sunday. First of all, decor is classy, but the carpet near the windows is torn up and stained. A place that gets this much traffic *absolutely* should have the extra dough to spend on replacing the carpet. So, that gets a low mark in my book.

As for the brunch itself, it was very Charlotte. That is to say, what you'd expect Charlotte to do well, it did great. It failed in other categories. 

What was good: the grilled salmon was phenomenal. I think they used hickory. Just awesome. Eggs, green beans, mac and cheese were all above par. Another VERY UNUSUAL offering was smoked salmon with caviar garnishes (chopped eggs, red onion, capers). Is this a dish that is unique to Charlotte or the south? (I liked it, although I would have MUCH preferred to eat my caviar garnishes with caviar (including blini and sour cream).) For dessert, there were giant chocolate-dipped strawberries. 

Also unique to this place is the all you can eat made-to-order tapas menu that comes with brunch. The walnut-crusted French toast with mixed berries was sublime. The classic eggs benedict was good, not great.

What was bad: they had an appetizer selection of cheese and fruit that was unimaginative, unappealing and un-quality (yes I made that word up to get the point across). Generic cubed hard cheeses and melon and strawberries that were under-ripe and looked like they hadn't been vetted for quality. The shrimp and grits was absolutely awful: a soup of gravy, some overcooked tomatoes and you had to fish around for the damn shrimp. The prime rib was overcooked and dry. The cobbler dessert had mushy apples, as if somebody had just tossed them into a pot and left them out in the sun for three days. The brownies and lemon tarts looked generic and store-bought.

The service was very good - our server took care of business and was perfectly charming.

So, this looks like a three star review. Why two? Well, the price was $21. For a dollar more, I could go to the Omni and have a proper brunch with an omelet bar, *real cheese,* fresh fruit, free fresh-squeezed orange juice, farm-raised bacon and sausage, and fresh bread pudding with vanilla creme anglaise. In fact, I think that's exactly what I'll do next time, thank you very much!笑
Food and service was good. There was nothing standout though. The waiters didn't know the wine list very well, and the facility is nice, but feels very corporate.笑
The Sunday Brunch was great quality, fresh, well seasoned. Mimosas were delicious!

I recommend  the Mimosa Grille and plan to return real soon.笑
The food was so great!  The pecan crusted trout was um um good.  The potatoes were as they say on the food network; plated too early; not hot.  They didn't spoil the dish but maybe I was hungry.  The shrimp fish and grits were indeed a treat!  We will go back again.  Waitress was friendly!  We ordered the mimosa cocktail and it was okay.  Since the food was tasty it's on the must return list.笑
It appears that bar service is perfect by some feedback I've recently seen, but I continue to struggle with it and it seems other reviewers are impacted the same way............a summary of other issues that continue to plague this bar...

"My last experience, drinks and apps at the bar, was yet again a mixture.  The first bartender we had was NOT attentive AT ALL"

"Friends that we traveled with did manage to have one overpriced average drink that took 15 minutes to make in a empty bar though. With snotty host/staff like that I don't care if the food is good"

"After about 10 minutes and well after my dining companion had received their drink, the bartender came over and said that I needed to choose another drink because she could not find the vodka"

"The bartender forgot we were there for awhile and our drinks were empty and then appeared to be caught up in eating some pizza and talking to other employees and we had to walk over just to pay and get out of there."

.....................hmmmmm......still continues to be issues at this establishment in addition to my experiences.  I think Harpers Management could address this problem and make the bar experience great for everyone.

Also, for the Yelpers that were upset about me giving an honest review here and felt that if I don't have anything positive to never review about it...........those folks well......I'm from the south mind you, so..........Bless Their Heart. :^)笑
The braised short rib lunch special described as "24 hr braised short rib, pan roasted mushrooms, smashed potatoes, grilled asparagus and mushroom gravy". No mushrooms. I imagined smashed potatoes to be a bit more mashed. The asparagus was more shaved and less than one full piece. Short rib was good but I expected a bit more juice. Best thing was the bread!笑
Came here Saturday night with my husband. We arrived around 8pm and the restaurant was pretty empty which we were hoping wasn't a bad sign. We were seated promptly and offered beverages within minutes of being seated. I got a basil strawberry martini which was refreshing. My husband ordered a mojito. I ordered the pecan encrusted nc halibut. It was crispy and delicious. It was served over a potato puree with green beans. It was a good portion. I was full but still had room for dessert. We ordered the apricot dessert and sadly this was my least favorite item on the evening. It tasted old and between my husband and I we didn't even finish half of it. We ended the meal with a couple of expresso and got the bill which was 125$ Everything was worth every penny except the disappointing dessert. But whenever we are in town again we will probably try this place out for brunch, lunch or dinner.笑
Easily one of the best restaurants I have been to.  This is a stop I make every time I am in Charlotte.  The atmosphere is classy and urban, the service is phenomenal, and the food is outstanding.  Very creative twists on classic dishes, as well as some very original dishes.  This is an excellent place for a date night, or even an after work dinner.  I am a very big fan.笑
Went for Sunday brunch.(the salmon melts in your mouth) I almost hurt myself.  Worth every penny. $3 mimosas.笑
Gathered with a group for an appreciation dinner on the patio! Great atmosphere and good service. Started off with the Carolina greens salad, very good and the nuts on it were amazing. I had the New York Strip steak and loaded potatoes as the side. The potatoes were good, not great. The steak was supposed to come medium rare and came out medium well. The seasoning on the steak was good but it was hard to get past the steak being overdone. For desert I had the strawberry rhubarb cobbler and it was tart and sweet, very very good.笑
I ordered the Crab Cake stack which included fried green tomatoes and a bacon aioli sauce. The best crab cakes I have had. I would definitely make a trip to Charlotte just for this meal.笑
Great food and great service! We went for dinner with 3 teenage girls. They had seen Parmesan truffle fries on an online menu. Typically that's only a lunch item. The chef gladly made it for them at dinner when they asked, though! Everyone loved everything they got....but the Brussel sprouts were off the charts!! Would definitely go back!笑
Only a half step above a chain restaurant.

My friend and I had been dying to get into the place but we really were excited and anxious about nothing... The meal started with the lobster mac&chz and stuffed hush puppies as appetizers. The good news were that the apps were presented well and very tasty.  The bad news is that they were the best part of the meal. The m&c had good texture and balance but was highly seasoned and both my dining partner and I felt that it was too salty. The hush puppies were spot on. Loaded with shrimp & crawfish in a delicate white sauce with toasted onion slivers. Yummy! The crispy texture of the hush puppies, paired with the creamy sauce was just perfect.

As for the entrées, well that's a whole different story. I had the short ribs with the risotto. The ribs were cooked perfectly but the risotto was crunchy ( and I don't mean al dente) which made it difficult to enjoy the meal....I'm not interested in just eating a hunk of meat.  My companion had the Red Snapper which was served over jambalaya which was also lackluster. All in all, it was just oh-Kay. 

For dessert I had the apple pie cheesecake. It clearly had not been made the same day because it had developed that "skin" on it that comes from keeping things refrigerated but uncovered. It was not edible.  

This was $100 meal that was more like a 2 for $20 deal at Chili's or TGI Friday's. If I ever go back to this place again it will be for the apps only. Save your money.笑
The third time was the charm for Mimosa Grill, a venerable Uptown eatery that had disappointed me on two prior occasions. But on a recent visit with business colleagues from out of town, I was pleasantly surprised by both the service and the meal. From the extensive wine selection to the delicious appetizers (the Lobster Mac & Cheese and Carolina Crab Cakes were both outstanding), the entire experience surpassed my expectations. 

The Scottish Salmon I ordered for my entree was also superb, served with a wonderfully spicy salsa dressing and on a bed of risotto. And my colleagues aved about their dishes, as well, which ranged from Mountain Trout to Fried Chicken. After sharing bowls of sorbet and a warm chocolate cake for dessert, they were thoroughly impressed by the Queen City's restaurant scene, and I was thrilled I gave Mimosa Grill another chance.笑
Mimosa!

Man, it's hard to judge this restaurant because I seem to have such highs and lows here! Nowhere in between.

I usually come here every week on Sunday morning to get at that all-you-can-eat brunch for ~$20! The food can be hit or miss at times, but the staples of crispy bacon, fried eggs and fresh mimosa never cease to amaze! Sunday brunches showcase some of this place's creativity because certain menu items (the specials, quiches and desserts) constantly change with the week and season. The food overall is just alright, but if you don't want to cook and need a lot of choice (indecisive), this is the place for you. 

During the week, I come here regularly to pick up my dinner because it's close by and my workday is long. They have a great corporate menu that lets you have a $20 (tax included) dinner that comes with entree, salad and two sides. Your choice is grilled chicken, steak, or salmon with sides of fries, mashed potatoes, green beans, or spinach (can't remember the rest). I will admit, for the most part the taste is rich and delicious, but their execution is so inconsistent. Occasionally the salmon is undercooked, or the chicken charred on one side, or the mashed potatoes liquidy. And once I recieved my food 50 minutes after ordering... but more often than not, I am pleased with the efficiency and quality that I'm paying for. 

I would say this is a pretty sweet spot for brunch and a convenient place to grab dinner, but don't always expect it to be "like last time."

4/5笑
For $34, you should get more than two small scallops in an entrée.  The "beet salad" had one nearly microscopic sliver of beets.  It's like they went out of their way to provide us with the least amount of food possible for the price. 

The atmosphere is nice and the service is good but, unless you're a Smuf, you'll spend a lot of money to leave hungry.  In the future, this place will surely be a "drinks only" place and we'll have dinner somewhere else.笑
Came here for a quick lunch, had the kobe beef burger with a side of grilled asparagus. The burger was cooked to perfection, the brioche bun was nice and soft and the avacado sauce was really creamy and went well with the burger. I was glad they had other side options with the burger instead of the typical fresh fry. The grilled asparagus was yummy and provided a light alternative as a side. Service here was attentive and quick.笑
Dear NC - I love visiting and EATING! We came to Charlotte to visit for the Beyonce concert and no better way than to end a girls weekend before a roadtrip home than BRUNCH! I made reservations earlier in the week - but not sure if they were necessary. Unlimited brunch. $4 Mimosas. FOOD AMAZING. Tapas style selected dishes that weren't on the buffet. Everything was just really good and fresh.

I will definitely make it an effort to visit again when I head back to Charlotte. Probably try dinner. Wish I had made it to dinner for Restaurant Week but Beyonce was calling!!!!!!......

I don't know why the low rating but I know brunch and will say this place could come to DC and never been empty. Would've given 5 but our waitress was MIA most of the time, I assume bc it's buffet, but I always had to ask for her to get refills or more tapas selections.笑
The service was on point, and the appetizers were great, but the rest of dinner was lacking for these prices.

The Mahi Mahi was burnt and fatty, the chicken was ok but didn't impress me anymore than an Applebee's would. The ice cream was the best part of dessert, I picked at the rest.

$100+ dinner for two is not that expensive if the food is worth it, but this place wasn't.笑
Had dinner with a colleague on a Tuesday night after a long day of meetings.  Sat at a booth at the bar so that we could spread out with our laptops (needed an outlet).  Antonio (our server) was great... Left us to focus on our work but checked in with us enough to ensure our wine glasses were full and that we had enough good (and dessert).  He even took it in stride when I called him by the wrong name (Alejandro).  :)

We both had the pecan crusted trout, which was very good.  Had the pumpkin bread pudding for dessert which was also very good.

Definitely recommend... Even better is that if you are staying at the nearby Hilton Garden Inn or Hampton Inn, you can ride the free shuttle there and back (provided by the hotel).笑
I travel ... a lot. I've been all over this country this year alone and the Mimosa Grill caused me to break one of my dining rules: never eat at the same place twice.

Last night we went there and had exceptional food, great service, and enjoyed the relaxing environment. I think my boss -- who picked up the tab and is notoriously stingy -- even liked the price! I had the Low Country Shrimp and Grits and we shared a side of the Sweet Potato Spaetzle. Both fantastic.

Tonight, after a day at the convention center, we considered our dining options. "Hey, that Mimosa Grill was pretty darn good. Why don't we walk back to Tryon and take a stroll down the street? If nothing sounds better, we'll go back to Mimosa," I suggested. 

And we did just that. Tryon Street has the usual suspects: Ruth's, Capital Grille, Hooters, Champions, etc. Nothing caught our interest, so back to Mimosa Grill we went.

This time, they topped the previous night's visit. I went with the 24-Hour Painted Short Ribs prefaced with the Pear Salad. Dang this was good. REALLY good! When I was served the ribs, I realized that my knife left the table with my salad plate. No matter -- these ribs needed no knife. A fork was just perfect for pulling the succulent and tender meat apart! And the risotto underneath the short ribs were cooked just right and added a nutty flavor and texture.

It's too bad that I am leaving tomorrow, or else I might break another of my dining rules: never eat the same meal at the same restaurant! ;)笑
Took clients to dinner on a week night on what appeared to be a slow time. We were placed into a very crowded part of the restaurant. (empty tables elsewhere) Waiter was fair at best and he seemed in a hurry through out the meal. Food was nothing more than average which was a surprise after the high rating I read about. Unfortunately, this was not just my opinion but the opinion of all 6 people in our party. I was ready to write it off to a just a bad night when a colleague mentioned that his lunch the previous day was similar. The entire experience was certainly below my expectations.笑
Fabulous service. Fabulous food (the duck was amazing) and great ambience. Will go back when we return to Charlotte in July. We split the dessert tower among four of us - the desserts are only 3-4 bites 'big' - and I loved the apricot almond but everyone else preferred the pecan tart.笑
Very overrated, in my opinion. I'm assuming it's getting high marks because of the focus on some low-country food. Atmosphere is not that unique, elevator music. Food is fine, if not spectacular. Service was innattentive, not-very-knowledgeable. Alot of better options uptown.笑
Amazing food quality... I LOVED the outside fountain view....waitress was professional but nice.......friendly and organic vibe笑
As if one needed a worthy reason to have lunch here, I am always thrilled when a client suggests having a luncheon meeting here. The atmosphere is extraordinary, and the food, excellent. We had the tower for appetizers, as I love their crab cakes. Lobster mac and cheese and a house turkey sandwich sufficed for todays eating.  I have had their Shrimp and grits, a favorite of mines, and here the grits are smooth and creamy with just a hint of spice to the shrimp, exceptional!! A great spot for a luncheon or dinner treat with am intimate one.笑
Decent lunch spot, good fried chicken special on Wednesdays. Gets pretty busy for HH as well. Salads are fresh and a good portion. Fast seating, good service.笑
The waitress was pleasant but the food and drinks was not the best. Mayb because I'm West Indian and I'm accustom to well seasoned food. The lobster macaroni and cheese tasted bland and the drinks were not strong enough. My over all opinion is this place is over priced for what is being served.笑
Went here for brunch on my birthday. We were about 10 minutes early for the reservation but were promptly seated. The food was wonderful. The additions from the tapas menu with the buffet were great.  The service was good, friends requested well done prime rib and the server would bring it out to them. Only one small downside, they seem to have added different items to the buffet later on after everyone was full lol. Definitely will be going back!!笑
This review refers to their brunch. I have never been here for another meal, but the brunch is excellent. Overall, it is my favorite brunch spot in the city. I love to go in the spring or fall when the weather is nice, so I can sit on the patio. 

They offer a buffet and unlimited small plates for $20. You can also upgrade your meal to include mimosas. The buffet is delicious. I love the shrimp and grits and the Mac and Cheese. I also like the way they provide the bacon. It's in a large pan and they have pieces that are crispy and pieces that haven't been cooked as long, so you can pick the option that appeals to you.  

In addition to the buffet, they also offer several small plates: omelets, French toast, etc. I like being able to go to the buffet and to select items that are prepared for me. The restaurant has a very appealing atmosphere. This is the first place that I take people for brunch. It's a great experience and a great value.