Started with Goat Cheese appetizer & crab crake. The goat cheese appetizer left much to be desired. Crab Cake was average at best. Then had Salmon & Flank Steak. Both were better. Price was reasonable for the area reasonable. Server was nice but in a bit over her head. Place is cramped, bar is too small to have a drink before dinner. Outside looked awesome though. Decent meal, didn't love the ambiance & won't return.笑
Their lunch is incredible. This spot was featured indoor network's "Diners, Drive-Ins, & Dives."  The French Onion soup is delicious.  The falafel wrap is super healthy with their baked instead of fried falafel.  Their jalapeño potato cake is a must try here.  Also, if you like crab make sure to try the crab cake salad or sandwich...very fresh seafood.笑
This is my favorite brunch place in Charlotte. Good service, good food, great location, and an awesome setting inside a historic house. I would definitely recommend this to anybody looking for a good, unique spot for brunch. I haven't had a bad experience yet in the multiple times I've been here, which is rare among breakfast/brunch spots in Charlotte.笑
First time here, really wanted brunch but didn't realize they only have it on Sundays. Had their local grass fed burger and it was delicious. Full bar with a great draft list and located in a really quaint house style setting.笑
I usually don't leave reviews, but I feel I have to for this restaurant.

The restaurant has a nice interior/exterior.  They retrofitted an old home with a cross between traditional and contemporary.  The personnel is friendly and inviting.  And that's where it stops.  EVERYONE was waiting for a long time to get their food.  Our party--a basic two-top--waited 30 minutes for our appetizer, which I declined once it was brought to the table.  After about 45 minutes of waiting, our dinner came.  I got the farro sauté.  The ingredients were fresh enough, I guess.  But my Kale was undercooked, and the 6 shrimp that were included were way way overcooked.  I added the crab cake, which saved the dish.  But the base dish was $19, + $10 for the crab cake, + $3 for extra Kale.  That's a $31 dish that wasn't even cooked well and was way overpriced for the type of ingredients used.

Unfortunately, I will not be back.笑
The place is beautiful, setup in an old house - A
The staff is friendly, efficient and the service is good - A
The food however was a disappointment. I ordered the crab cake Benedict and it seemed stale. The coffee was weak and the cup smelled. I will give it another try though.笑
The variety of vegetarian selections was great, and the quality of food for the price is hard to beat! Be aware of "wildlife" if you sit outside...笑
Went here for for valentines day dinner and it was great. GF and I ordered the hangar steak and it was great! I am definitely going back again.笑
I can't really understand where all of the great reviews come from, either we're off base or just must have gone on an off day. We were there for Sunday brunch and the food was average, nothing special, but what really made the experience awful was our waitress. We waited 15 minutes before she even came to the table to greet us and she hardly said two words to us the entire time we were there. We may have seen her once after our food was delivered. I'll give it a second shot to see if this was just a rough day for them.笑
Ehh, lunch is subpar. 

I went here for the first time about 3 weeks ago with a fellow Charlottian. They highly recommended this restaurant. The service and ambiance was great. However, the food was subpar. I ordered a steak sandwich with the house chips and was not impressed at all. My friend ordered the pizza and did not care for it either. I was disappointed because I expected better quality of food.笑
Yummy food and great service. Celebrated my birthday there and a wonderful time was had by all笑
It's a great place to meet up with a smaller group of friends.  We had seven in our party.  Anything too much larger and it is going to be a tight squeeze.  

The food was quite good and the presentation was nice as well.  I started off with the French Onion soup and then had the Grilled Gorgonzola-Stuffed Filet Mignon served on mashed potatoes along with asparagus.

Overall, I enjoyed 300 East and would easily go again.笑
I was so impressed with this place, from the quaint style of the restaurant, to the service, and most importantly, the food. 

I had the seasonal Farro salad with balsamic glazed salmon and it was so delicious! My date had the steak, mashed potatoes, and asparagus which was equally as good. Can't wait to go back again and try new things!笑
I generally do not write reviews if a place already has more than 30 or 40, and this place had 52 at the time.  I write simply because I LOVE THIS PLACE.

Granted I've only come for Sunday brunch, but this is my favorite spot. I am coming here every Sunday.  Literally, EVERY Sunday.  I took My Mama for mothers day and I've been hooked since.  I've come hoping it would be open on a Friday and Saturday for breakfast/brunch then finally got smart and looked at the times.

So why do I like it?  Being from NY, naturally I think I know everything about good food and have the ability to determine a good spot from a bad spot better than anyone else.  With that God given ability, 300 East is the has the best brunch in the CLT.  I've had just about everything on the breakfast menu now and its alllllll fantastic.

What else can I say??? Its a pretty nice spot, seems to be an old town house converted into a restaurant.  Prices are very decent and right on par with wafflehouse practically, but the food is far superior!  

The only bad thing about this place is parking, or I'm just a fool and have no clue where I should park when dining here.  Regardless I give this place 4 thumbs up.笑
In my "top 3 favorite restaurants" category. Love that the atmosphere is casual but cozy, and the food is amazing. I can't decide whether I like their brunch or dinner better. Agh I'll go with dinner. My favorites, in no particular order:
Baked French onion soup (best in Charlotte)
Sweet Potato Ravioli (this is very rich, so I suggest sharing!)
Grass Fed Burger
Gnocchi (sage cream, prosciutto, & butternut squash, omg)

Tip: If you do go for brunch, get whatever is on special. I've never been disappointed. If you need a backup, the grits bowl is also delicious.笑
I had wanted to go to 300 East for a few months now and after my meal there I was left underwhelmed.  

Atmosphere - The restaurant is located in an old home that is dimly lit on the inside.  I give it props for atmosphere as this set my expectations high.

Food - The menu is kind of quirky, with lots of unusual combinations.  Like Erin said, not the place to go for a normal burger.  I was not looking to be challenged this night so I guess that is why I got pizza in a non-pizza establishment.

Anyway, we ordered the chicken & shrimp satay for an appetizer.  It came out on two wooded skewers connected together with the final piece of chicken on a chicken, shrimp, and chicken rotation.  This made separating the food difficult for sharing.  The chicken was okay but tasted like it was from frozen.  The accompanying blob of rice was dry and tasted as though it had sat for a while or was not completely cooked.  My main dish, the Pizza Classico, had a nice crust but was drowning in oil and grease.  This may have come from the cheese, fried capers, sautéed onions, or just the addition of olive oil to the pie.  Overall, too much grease.   

Service - Service was okay.  The waiter was attentive but I think the food brought me down.

Overall - A nice place, decent service and so-so food makes for a miss.  Food is why I go to a restaurant, so even though the other factors were spot on I will be skipping 300 East in the future.笑
I ended up here on a whim and I'm glad that I did. The decor of 300 East is beautiful and rustic. The staff was helpful and friendly and was very patient as I glanced over the menu.  I ordered the veggie burger with the season pumpkin Mac and cheese and my taste buds were delighted. I also ordered a side of the root vegetable soup with the goat cheese and it was phenomenal!!! This will be on my list for go to places in the future!笑
Really nice place to take parents in town that are visiting. Took my grandfather and mom here and had a great time. Food was very fresh and atmosphere is quaint. Would go back anytime.笑
OMG!!  Just had the lunch special...grilled chicken with cheesy beer grits!  Perfect flavor combination served by the most awesome staff!  Thanks Michael for the wine suggestion.  It was the perfect compliment!  YiaYia笑
Had a great time here today having lunch with a friend. Love the atmosphere, the service and the food is so delicious! As everyone else has said, the restaurant is in a restored home on the corner of East Blvd and Cleveland Avenue. At first, I was a little confused about where to park because although there is a lot in the back, the signs say "park station customers only" or something like that. Eventually I learned that you can park in the lot or park on the street. Upon entering, I had to wait a few minutes until someone greeted me but when they did they were very pleasant. It's true they won't seat you until your entire party is present but I can understand why. They take reservations and we were seated immediately upstairs. The only complaint I have is that it was noticeably warmer upstairs so it was a bit uncomfortable. The upstairs is like an open attic area so the heat rises. I guess it's hard to circulate the cool air upstairs. Our server was Gunter and he was hilarious! He was very friendly but not overbearing. He checked on us just enough to make sure we had everything we needed but didn't hover. The food was outstanding. They have a lot of unique dishes on their menu so I'm definitely coming back so I can try them all! We ordered the Sweet Potato Ravioli for our appetizer. Delish! It came with this sweet, yummy Alfredo sauce. My friend had the chicken tacos which he devoured so I guess they were good! I had the Harvest Salad which had butternut squash and roasted sweet potatoes, chickpeas over greens. I added shrimp for $7. Overall, it was an excellent experience and I'll be returning soon.笑
This was a great place to have dinner during my work trip to Charlotte. I busted out my trusty Yelp and was instantly interested. The restaurant is located in an old house on multiple floors. I had a glass of wine and ordered their crab cakes and a salad with a ton of really great ingredients. The service was great and attentive. I really enjoyed my meal and would make it a must stop on another trip to Charlotte.笑
Beautiful setting, historic house using a myriad of different elements.  Food was very flavorful and had combos that really made it unique!  We were visiting the area, would have been 5 stars but servers seemed understaffed, so much that a pic couldn't be taken for us--too bad, but overall great food and setting!笑
I'm not sure how we went so long without eating at 300 East but I am certainly glad that changed. We hit up dinner with a party of 6 for a nice family dinner. Originally the table for our reservation was up on the second floor, which looked nice a cozy but we had an octogenarian with us and those stairs were steep. They were quick to pull together a few tables on the lower level and reseat us, no problem!

I had a hangar steak with horseradish sauce which was tasty for sure, but the winner for the dish was the potato cakes. They had just enough spice to make them really interesting. There is a good local beer selection on tap, so don't think you will have to compromise on your drink. The portions were generous but not grotesque and the server was sweet and quirky. I look forward to going back and trying out more of their fare as well as the neat looking glassed in patio they have.笑
300 East is adorable. I love the setting of a cozy house, complete with a large front porch, staircase and balcony overlooking the front of the restaurant. I made a reservation for Saturday on Yelp and we were seated promptly upon our arrival, being lead upstairs to the cute little dining space. At a private-ish table for two, we sat along the wall and were greeted by a very friendly server. I had a (non-alco) Peach Fizz, served to me in a wine glass, while my boyfriend had a red wine. 

We started with the falafel app- super good with great flavors accompanying it. I was torn between the pork, the filet and the crab cake, yet somehow decided on the farro saute- our server suggested I add salmon to it, so I also added a crab cake side- available for $9 to add to any entree! I adore farro and vegetarian entrees so the salmon + crab combo was a perfect addition to this dish.

I really love the ambiance of 300 East- food was solid and the cozy atmosphere was even better. It would be great to come back for brunch or on a sunny day- I hear they put tables out front when it's warm!笑
The fella and I visited 300 East today for Sunday brunch after numerous trips here for brunch and dinner with no review, so I figured it was time!

I love the ambiance of the bungalow style house; it feels cozy and inviting, and since it's usually crowded, it can sometimes feel a little cramped, but that generally adds to the atmosphere for me.  If the weather would ever be nice when we're there, I'd love to sit on the quaint patio out front.

Today, I got the granola (Greek yogurt with blueberries, strawberries and granola), and the fella got the breakfast pizza.  Our waitress said it was the size of a large dinner plate, when in fact, it completely dwarfed the plate.  The chorizo gave it a little spice, and the texture was perfect.  It's difficult to mess up granola, but it was pretty darn good.

My only beef with 300 East is the service.  The times we went before they started using Open Table, our reservation was inevitably wrong every single time - they had us down for 3 people instead of 2, or they had our reservation 30 minutes earlier or later.  After using Open Table, the reservation process seems to have gotten better.  However, we made reservations today for 10:00 a.m. (when they open).  We got there and saw a family sitting outside waiting, and when we opened the unlocked door, the woman inside said they "weren't quite ready yet."  Odd.  After a large crowd started to grow outside, she finally popped her head out around 10:12 to say they were finally open.  After that, our waitress was spotty at best, and I had to go searching for another waitress when I needed something.    

I've been holding off on reviewing 300 East, hoping the service would eventually measure up to the atmosphere and food, but after about 5 trips, I figured it wasn't going to get any better.  Too bad.笑
I came here with a group of friends Saturday for brunch - it was amazing!

We sat upstairs and had a very attentive waitress, we quickly got our drinks and our order taken. 

I had the avocado BLT which was so fresh and delicious it the spot! The burger was also very good (I stole a bite from my friend while he wasn't looking!)

We all ordered the signature drink the Matilda Wong....sweet and dangerous....very good but can be deadly! It comes in a big pitcher with a straw - worth trying if you are in the mood for a buzz with your brunch!

I would definitely return here for brunch or dinner the next time I am in Charlotte!笑
We thoroughly enjoyed our dinner here at 300 east, but the service was awkward. 

First, the food was perfect. The portion sizes were great, and everything had just the right seasoning. We finished with dessert-pana cotte and choc brownie. Both were just the right amount. 

The prices are very reasonable, and they have a nice variety of choices from fish to chicken to lamb.

However, what can kill any experience? Service. We waited over 30 mins to get the check from our server. She totally missed our cues that we were ready. After the second time asking for the check, she finally got it to us after about 15 more mins. It was very bizarre, as we were very pleased with her service prior to dessert. Maybe she was having an off night? I will definitely give them another try as the food was delicious!笑
We are visiting Charlotte from Virginia and ate Sunday Brunch at 300 East today. The French onion soup was absolutely delicious. We also had sandwiches, the avocado BLT and the Usual. Both were very good. The bread pudding was another extraordinary selection. We both highly recommend this restaurant as the food was delicious and the prices very reasonable.笑
The food at 300 East is always decent. Nothing ever blows me away, but I always leave feeling satisfied. The ambiance inside is really nice as it is in an old house. The outdoor seating leaves something to be desired. There is very limited seating and it is kind of crowded. There chairs and tables are flimsy and kind of rock back and forth. You will have a better experience eating inside.笑
Food was pretty good, but not good enough to make up for the horrible service.  Our server was either in the weeds, or just did not pay any attention to our table.  We came on Saturday night for dinner, and it wasn't that packed at all or on a wait.  It took a solid 10 minutes for us to get greeted, another 10 to get our drinks, another twenty minutes for salads, and probably another half hour to get our food.  Our plates weren't cleared and our drinks weren't refilled.  Disappointed after reading how great the food was on YELP!笑
We went for lunch on Sunday and were able to get a reservation an hour ahead. Very broad menu, satisfied both the breakfast cravings and the burger crowd. Service was good and the southern charm ambience was great for my out of town guests to get a feel for old Charlotte.笑
300 East is an underrated crown jewel of Charlotte. The house setting with a beautiful front porch and balcony area makes it feel like you're eating in the comfort of someone's home. I've been to this place a few times, and brought a couple of my friends here as well.  

Breakfast Pizza: HUGE portion and every last bite was delicious. Whoever came up with putting a sunny side up egg on top of a pizza is a marvelous person. 

Crabcake Benedict: I've had this myself, and my friend has ordered this as well and we both really enjoyed it. The crabcake is made so well and there are so many different flavors in this plate alone, there is just no way you can be disappointed.

The staff is really friendly and welcoming. This is definitely a place I recommend to friends and family and definitely a place I'll go back to at some point.笑
This is a good casual/trendy dining experience. I loved the baked brie. It has been a long time since I've eaten here. I don't see baked brie on the menu anymore - looks like it's been replaced with baked goat cheese. Disappointing. But, it's probably cheaper and just as trendy. If you're looking for something different - this place is is worth checking out.笑
If you are in town, do not pass this gem up! What an amazing place! Lots of vegetarian choices. I had the Ahi Tuna salad and would get it again.笑
If 6 starts was an option...

Took my wife here for our anniversary.  The food was amazing (all of it), the service was second to none, and the setting was incredible.  It is now our staple for bringing guests from out of town who want a great, authentic Charlotte experience.笑
Inventive menu, but not that well executed. Started out well with a nice soup special, but the entree short rib special relied on quantity not quality. Nice atmosphere. Staff kind of creepy friendly like they know you know they know what you want. Again, overly complicated dessert. Good ideas, but more complicated than need be.笑
Great service and love the set-up. Its one of the older houses in Dilworth, and it was quaint. The food was ok. I ordered the night's chicken special, but it wasn't very special. My roommates sweet potato ravioli, however, was delightful! Also, our food took a really long time to come out. I thought the people seated next to us had already finished but it turned out they were still waiting on their food too. Not great, but not bad.笑
Simply amazing. Good atmosphere, good food, always satisfied. The sweet potato ravioli is a MUST.笑
I came here after being referred here for their Father's Day brunch. Upon arrival everything started out well. But one of the individuals in our party changed her order and Megan our server came over when she wanted to inform her of the change that "she was very busy and talk fast". After that everything else didn't matter. Maybe she was having a bad day, or something but it left a bad taste in our mouth. Since I've never been before and no one had referred us here I can't say that we will be back. Food was good but I come for service and ambiance.笑
I stopped in for lunch a couple months ago. I found a nice atmosphere, great service, and good food!  I would recommend to anyone.笑
We came here just to have desert, and boy I tell you it was fabulous. We had the Callebaut Chocolate Brownie. Man it was good. This is a great place to sit back and enjoy the food and service. Great people work here.笑
Great Brunch! 
We were a 4 top. 3 ordered from the specials menu. 
 1. Cheesecake filled French Toast  excellent with a Scoop of ice cream on top, cool and yummy. With side of bacon
2. Crab cake with potato cake eggs on top. Excellent taste texture and presentation
3. wild turkey free range omelet with avocado, cheese breakfast potatoes
Very good
4. Eggs Benedict with breakfast potatoes. Was very good!
The breakfast potatoes are good and I am from NJ and these were just like home. Perfectly cooked and seasoned. 
Things to remember!
There is an upstairs dining room. There are stairs here, lots of stairs. If you have a handicapped person in your party request a table downstairs. 
Dog lovers hear this. You can bring your dog but must sit outside on the porch/patio.   
Plenty of parking street side and there is a lot in the back. 
There is an upscale consignment shop that looked interesting. I hear the dinner menu is great too! 
Enjoy enjoy笑
Upon entering 300 East in the day time there is a chill social vibe from the local patrons and those wondering, in the night ambiance is set with fairly dim lighting and chatter from guests. The bar area is located downstairs upon first entry and is set for a good social vibe. 
I love the food, 300 East has interesting daily specials which are delicious. There is also a half price bottle wine night, from a good selection The  presentation has always been lovely as well  taste.笑
Have to give it 5 stars because everything was great from the food to the service to the atmosphere.  Have been here numerous times, but first review. Had the baked goat cheese appetizer.  Very delicious, comes out sizzling!  Served with bread that was crusty and looked like it had butter baked into it.  I had the special which was a spinach salad with Opah, which is a white flaky fish.  It was so good and the vinaigrette it was served with had an Asian flavor.  All delicious.  My friend had a burger which he raved about.  It was a pretty good sized burger too.  1/2 prices bottles of wine, so got a Talia Malbec, which was very good.  Wine list was pretty substantial.  Service was perfect...not pushy or rushed.  Wish I got her name, but she had really, curly blonde hair.  Great experience, will be back for more!笑
I went here for a girl's night last night and was thoroughly impressed! They have half priced bottles of wine on Wednesdays and a super cute patio area so 300 East was at the top of our list.  I ordered the Shrimp BLT Panini with jalapeño grit cakes and it was delicious. I'd recommend this restaurant for anything from brunch, to a girl's night to date night and everything in between. The "fine-dining" menu combined with the casual yet eclectic Dilworth vibe make it one of my new favorite spots. I'll definitely be back -- I hear they have a killer brunch menu! :)笑
Excellent food.   Be careful of the parking lot behind the restaurant     People will approach you and ask for money.    Not a great area .  They need a security guard in parking lot.   I was alone with 2 kids.笑
This is one of my favorite lunch spots in town! I love the house this restaurant is in. Just the feel of eating inside of a house speaks for itself. The menu here is diverse yet not so big that it decreases quality. In fact, I feel the ingredients they use are always fresh and taste delicious. Their servers know the menu well and are very helpful. They have great salads! Everything I've tried was awesome.笑
This place has the strangest menu I have ever seen. $6.50 for a mimosa that comes in a champagne flute? That is beyond ridiculous. We only came here, because we thought they had brunch. After all it was Saturday and most places do it both days. I ordered the "wedge salad" it was five leaves of lettuce with a crumbled strip of bacon. I returned the salad. The two times I had been here previously, it was great. After today, I won't be back.笑
Here for restaurant week. The half chicken breast was dry and the ravioli was tough...笑
Sarah with a H was awesome. The food was so good. The Gorgonzola stuff filets , oh my!!! I choose the grass fed burger do good thanks for a great  meal笑
Great place! We moved nearby and now we go there every couple weeks. Great food, decently priced, and great service. Make sure to try the Spanish pizza and the crab cakes.笑
I've been to 300 East three times now, and it's always a solid "A-OK" for me. Located in a house on East Blvd, parking can be a bit tight on busy weekend evenings, but if you go during the week there should not be a problem. It's very comfy-cozy on the inside with dim lights and interesting decor. Quite a few tables on two floors inside and a small space outside for nice Charlotte nights. 

On my most recent visit I had the fall salad with chicken, which was  delicious. Goat cheese, port-cherries, and a pancetta dressing made those greens shine. Other menu options include southern cooking with some healthier options thrown in. And the service here tends to be good without being too overbearing. Definitely somewhere to stop by if only to try out the delicious pumpkin cheesecake in the fall. It is divine.笑
I love the charm of 300 East with their location in an old house in historic Dilworth. I have eaten @ 300 many times over the many years I have lived in Charlotte and can report that the food, service and experience is consistently really good. 

300 East is a great place to have a nice meal with atmosphere but without a huge bill. I really like their simple black bean avocado on a toasted whole wheat tortilla (I add shrimp). There are definitely healthy choices and a menu with a variety of options depending on what you are in the mood for. Highly recommended.笑
Came here for Girl's Night Out of 6. We made reservations for 5pm. I heard nothing but greatness about this place so I was looking forward to it. They won't seat you unless 95% of your party is there. This place has no more than a 3 person waiting area capacity so... hmm... It wasn't crowded and we got a cozy table upstairs. Server was nice, greeted us and went over the menu and beverage options. Didn't take us to figure out what we wanted but took the server a while to get back to us to take our order. That's where it kinda started sucking for me. I ordered their Signature Hummus appetizer which was completely OKAY, nothing signature/special about it. For my main meal I went with their Bronzed Sesame Salmon. The description is: coconut brown Basmati rice, sautéed spinach. The rice was overdone and dry and honestly there wasn't anything coconut about it. Salmon was again, completely OKAY. It was if they slathered teriyaki sauce and sprinkled sesame seeds over it like an Ah hah! moment. Sauteed spinach was, you guessed it, sauteed. The best part was getting the desert but that took FOREVER and we had to find our waiter to let him know were ready for it. By this time over an hour had passed. Everyone at the table was already itching and starving between the courses. I went with the White Chocolate Brioche Pudding. Everyone who had ordered it pretty agreed it was delicious. By the time we got the check and paid for our meals, we had been there for almost 2 hours. Pretty ridiculous considering it really wasn't all that crowded in the first place. I don't know, maybe we just picked a bad night because I really want to believe this place is as great as everyone has been telling me.笑
One of my favorite places to eat.  Recently I had a problem while dining which I posted. Many kudos to the owner for contacting me. The customer service was outstanding.  A place that has fantastic food, great customer service and a great atmosphere deserves 5 stars.笑
Ate here for dinner with a friend and really enjoyed it. I've never had pimento cheese (not really popular up north) but that stuff was GOOD!! Also had the pork chop special with grilled stonefruit and Visalia onion sweet potatoes which was delish. The service was a bit weird. He was pretty attentive but just a little standoffish when interacting with us, not sure how to describe it. I'd definitely try this place again, I'd like to try out their brunch offerings.笑
I'm addicted to their breakfast! Mostly just because they add a scoop of ice cream to most of their French toast specials. That's my recommendation when you go here. Get the French toast. 

As far as lunch goes, maybe it's because I'm from NY,  but I'm not really wowed by their pizza. 

Service is always great. I've never really had an empty water glass. And waitstaff are all great conversationalists!笑
I used to go here for the fine dining experience with a low price. Their trout was $10 and chicken was $8. That was a couple years ago and this place has boomed with popularity.  They've raised their prices a bit, but its still a great place to eat.  I highly recommend the pecan trout and its a great place to people watch a more liberal crowd.  Dress Nice!笑
Gorgonzola stuffed filet was horrible. Bacon wrapped around it was not cooked. Filet so cold the butter on top would not melt. Not seasoned. Just yuck! Veggie Burger better at Pinkeys. Chips and salsa/ guacamole better at Cantina 1511. Will never return. Hard to believe people return here after 1 time to eat.笑
Been to 300 East several times and it's always a good solid 3 for me. Located in an old house, the ambiance is great wen walking in. There's a great patio outside for those nice nights or cool Sunday morning brunches. They always seem to have a few specials on the chalkboard when you walk in, so make sure you check that out before sitting down, though the staff will tell you about them as well.

Usually go with "The Usual", which is a open faced tuna sandwich with cheese, asparagus and mushrooms...surprisingly good. It's under $10, which is nice, thought it doesn't come with any sides. OK by me, but just letting you know. They have great appetizers including the sweet potato ravioli and goat cheese. Pimento cheese is just ok. The few pizzas they offer have a nice variety too. My favorite meal I had there was the buttermilk fried chicken. If this was on the menu permanently, I'd probably visit more.

Great spot for a low-key date night and/or relaxing dinner.笑
One of the best restaurants in Charlotte. Great prices for the great quality and atmosphere. You can never go wrong with the shrimp panini, half chicken or filet.笑
You must try the sweet potato ravioli! It is probably the most delicious food I have ever tasted. The margarita is my favorite drink. Tip: always have a reservation for quick seating!笑
This place totally lives up to it's positive Yelp reviews. Cute restaurant in Dilworth in an old home with lots of charm. Small bar area, some seating in upstairs loft area and small area with patio dining. Inside was a little tight for space and during peak of lunch got a bit crowded and a loud. Had lunch with a group of 3, we all had different salads-- all were FANTASTIC. Also split the brownie with salted caramel drizzle and ice cream for dessert- totally out of this world.笑
My husband and I hadn't been here for over a year - can't believe that! Food is fresh, farm to table. Menu has changed a bit, some YUMMY new creations. Sat outside as 8/26/15 will no doubt go down in history as one of the most gorgeous days in recent Charlotte history. Our wonderful waiter Philip was . . darling and professional. Food was fantastic! Husband had "The Usual" (yes, they have an open face chicken salad with asparagus and melted cheese on their signature bread call just that, and I had the newer Lamb Ragout on Goat Cheese filled ravioli.
YUM!! Hubbie also had the moist lemon pound cake w/vanilla ice cream and apple compote. What a simple but PERFECT combo, even I (who never eats sweets) enjoyed it. We have to get back there more often!笑
Stopped in for a recent Saturday evening dinner here and really enjoyed the meal and ambience.  Good vibe in here, casual in a decidedly upscale way.

Food-wise, we enjoyed grilled shrimp risotto cakes as an appetizer, and followed with the gorgonzola stuffed filet mignon for me (way tasty, very rich) and a seafood special of the day (salmon, bacon, hollandaise) for her - also way tasty, and very rich.  So... not a calorie counter's meal unless you're trying to see how high you can count.  No matter, the first standard we apply is "could I have cooked this just as easily at home?" and the answer was "no way".

Bombay martini, up, olive, very dry - solid work at the bar.  Wine.. ehh, this may be the weak spot.  Not to be too big of list, and so-so selections it seemed.  We did have a bottle that was pretty good and she had a glass that was not so much, but - and here's where I sound like an effete snob and I swear I don't even play one on tv - I have grown tired of drinking red wine served "hot" or warm room temperature and paying for it.  Get a chiller and handle up on it at Cellar temperature - or at least on some "choice" selections if intend to be even remotely serious about wine.

Will return.笑
In one of those strange turn of events, in the time before Yelp, my wife and I picked this place out of a phone book or hotel restaurant list.  Complete Restaurant Roulette!  What transpired was one of the greatest tragedies of our time.  I was not all that hungy, so I ordered a salad.  It was probably good, but I don't remember because my wife was accross the table with a thick juicy steak melting in her mouth.  She did not share because it was that good and I had apparently given her enough indication that I didn't want meat...poor choice.  To add injury to insult, behind my wife, at the table beyond, sat a couple of Gentlemen, one of whom was dressed like Elton John.  To this day, she recalls this as the best steak she has ever had.  It may or may not be true, but all these years later, The Steak, Elton John, and the quircky name/find of 300 East sticks out in the mind.

Enjoy!笑
Great food. Stopped by after a Google search and came away very pleased. Great find! Sat outside in front, a bit of road noise didn't ruin the experience. There are only a few tables outside and it was very busy by 6:30.

The pricing is typical for the quality of the food, the ambiance, and experience.笑
Always have exceptional service and delicious food. Highly recommend making reservations, especially for Sunday brunch. Lots of yummy options on the menu and usually have great specials to choose from as well. One of my favorites.笑
Delicious. Great menu, tuna salad is incredible.笑
Perfect "Charlotte" restaurant.    Everything on the menu is good and they have a menu that can please anyone.  Was on our regular date night rotation when we lived there.笑
Highly recommended. The food was delicious. Really cool environment. Very helpful and nice service. Definitely a place to hit from the diners, drive ins and dives.笑
Obsessed. Atmosphere is a great combo of classy and cozy. Wine selection was excellent. Service was timely and friendly. 

The food really shines here. Simple fresh ingredients with big flavor. Had the Grilled Chicken with butternut squash and kale farrow finished with a balsamic reduction. Price is what you would pay anywhere for half the quality. Five stars totally.笑
Service was mostly absent and not particularly helpful with menu selections, though in fairness it looked like the other servers were friendly and more interactive with customers.  Food was lackluster and salty.  Entrees looked pretty but overall there was nothing we ate that was good.  It was all pretty and just OK tasting.笑
This place is super cozy and the food is AMAZING! My bff took me while I was in town visiting - we went TWICE! For dinner and for brunch. Both were so good. I had a salad for dinner and an omelete for brunch. The bar is very cute, also cozy, and lots of fun. We had great service as well.笑
Matilda Wong and French Onion Soup. Just do it. Walk home or Uber. Your car will be there in the morning.笑
Clearly not only the chef/kitchen and the owner are determined to deliver excellence with both the level of customer service both in the wait staff and hostess stand.....and then the food. 
We are new to Charlotte and a few months ago saw the restaurant on the TV show Diners Drive ins and Dives- I knew that it would be on our list of restaurants in the area to try first and it did not disappoint! In fact I always do pros & cons when I dine at a place for the first time and couldn't find any cons.
We dined on Valentines Day dinner so there was a prefix menu @ $50 per person Our starters :Roasted Shrimp & Fritters. Entrees: Scallops & Ribeye. 
Desserts: Donuts & Cake
Everything that passed our lips was on point and we both agreed less than half way through the meal that we would be back by months end.
We also ordered cocktails with our meal an I must say that the bar is on point we ordered Margaritas and I'm always impressed when establishments choose to make their own mixers instead of opting for the pre made syrupy mixers.
Kudos to 300 East it was wonderful笑
This has been my go to restaurant since it moved into the 300 East address.  I love the food, the staff, the ghosts, the whole atmosphere.  I always end up back here when I'm thinking of a class act without the price.  You can hear folks talking to you, the ambiance is suburb.  My sister used to wait tables back in the 80's at the White Horse...so I have a bit of a history with this joint!  Yes, owners have changed, but Cathy is the present owner, and she does a stand up job.  Walking in the door is like coming home.  In a city that is constantly changing, it's nice to know some things that are perfect don't need to change. There's a question about is it good for groups, only in the upstairs loft area.笑
We love this place!!! There specials change all the time and there menu is amazing. We ordered the crab cake app and it is amazing. We also ordered the guacamole which was ok. I ordered the Maui tacos which were good, but my wife ordered the hanger steak and its to die for. We have been here several time and the serves is normally great. This time our server was a little out of it I would say. But all in all a good experience.笑
Food was fabulous! My taste buds were so happy. They offer a nice twist on traditional food which was delicious and refreshing. Melanie was hands down the best service we've experienced in Charlotte so far. Thank you 300 East for giving us a really amazing evening!笑
This was a delicious experience!! Shrimp Blt is amazing. Potato cake is yummy. Service is delightful. It's adorable in here too! Definitely coming again!笑
I stopped in here for a late lunch and it has been years since I dined here and I was glad to see they have not lost any of their atmosphere and food quality.  

I ordered the black bean and chicken tortilla and it was great, just spicy enough and very tasty and then for dessert, I washed the main meal down with the pumpkin cheesecake, Mmmmmmm.

The service was above average and my drink never got to the bottom of the glass - thumbs up for the service!

This is one solid restaurant in my books and I will go back for sure!!!笑
My boyfriend and I came here for one of our very first dates and since then have come back to 300 East often for special occassions. We request the same booth each time, and have yet to have a bad experience... until last night. 

We had dinner at 300 East yesterday evening to celebrate my birthday. After being seated, we ordered drinks and my boyfriend let our waiter, Michael, know it was my birthday as he was looking at my ID. The point here is that he knew it was a special occassion.

Our appetizer came and was great, however when our meal came my gorgonzola filet was so undercooked that it was actually unappetizing. We waited for Michael to return, however after about ten minutes finally had to walk up to the bar to flag down a waiter to send him over. He did not apologize for the steak coming out raw, but did take it back to the kitchen. Another ten minutes later he returned with my meal. The steak, which was the original one served to me, was now a mangled piece of unedible meat. Tough to cut or chew, and needless to say less than enjoyable. After a bite or two, I had lost my appetitie. 

When he came back to our table, he asked if I was still working on my meal or if I'd like a box. I said no, and before I could even get out that the meal was not up to par and quite frankly inedible, he had walked away with the dish, again with no apology.

Sadly, we were still charged the $23 for the meal which was the most frustrating part. It's one thing to be served a horrible meal, but another to feel as though the restaurant/waiter does nothing to make it right either by returning with a meal that is as ordered, or after a second attempt removing the item from the bill.. or really even just a simple apology and some sensitivity to the fact that we were here for a special occassion, of which he was fully aware. 

Needless to say, the message was received from 300 East that they do not want our business, so we will no longer return to 300 East for our special occassions.笑
I can't believe that I haven't written a review for this place yet. Definitely a big fan of 300 East. A staple in the Dilworth area, this place is just an awesome old home. Most of the time I sit at the small bar. The staff is friendly and the food is fantastic. From the burger to sandwiches, entrees and even the side items (jalapeno potato cake ) you really can't go wrong here. Wonderful atmosphere. If you want to impress your date/significant other, this is always a great choice.笑
Let me start off by saying our server was terrific - attentive and friendly.  The setting, a refurbished old home, was nice but could use a refreshing.  The furnishings are looking a bit worn.

We were there for breakfast /brunch. The food was delicious and the servings were large. Only complaint was one of our four dishes was a little warm as if it finished well ahead of the others and was therefore subjected to a heat lamp.

We don't live near 300 East so a venture there again for a meal is unlikely.笑
I'm not sure what's more cozy here, the charming old house this place is set in or the French Onion soup.

Do you like French Onion? Well, make sure you get it when you come here. I order it every time. It's like a giant hug in a crock. I imagine this is what it would feel like to cuddle with that bear from the Snuggle commercial.

300 East is two levels and has a nice patio. Menu-wise, I've pretty much loved everything I've had here. App-wise you can't go wrong with the Sweet Potato Ravioli or the Baked Marinated Vermont Goat Cheese. And yes it deserves to be mentioned again, the French Onion. My goal is for this review to get French Onion trending on social media. I love the Sopressata pizza. A warning: it is spicy. And delicious. Grilled Gorgonzola-Stuffed Filet Mignon is great. If you order the crab cake, please note that is singular. My friend Ski was disappointed during our latest adventure here last night. Specials are always pretty good. I went with the corned beef and cabbage for St. Patrick's Day last night. It came with homemade soda bread, butter and cheese. Holy. It was all absolutely fantastic. 

I have yet to order dessert here in the almost 11 years I've lived in Charlotte. Why? Well, I'm usually stuffed. I do know that Guy Fieri shot Diners, Drive Ins and Dives here last week and he had the Butterscotch Ice Cream Sandwich. If it's good enough for Guy, it's good enough for me. I am definitely getting it my next trip. 

If you enjoy a great cocktail, you have to get the Matilda Wong. It's like a boozy punch type concoction that comes in a small pitcher. It's a must get if you feel like enjoying a drink. 

300 East also does brunch on Sundays. I usually go with French Onion and Matilda Wongs, so don't ask me about the rest of that menu. I'm hoping to have enough will power one Sunday to be a grown up and order the Crabcake Benedict.

Service can be slow at times. I'm not really sure why. However, everyone who works here is super nice. Not sure what to order? Ask them.笑
I've been to 300 East before and was surprised I hadn't created a review for it, so here goes.  I came with a date for Charlotte Restaurant Week, and had the sweet potato gnocchi, the hummus, and the brioche bread pudding.  The gnocchi was good, but it was swimming in sauce, which made it unhealthy and a bit too salty.  Hummus was great, however, and the bread pudding was fantastic

It's in a more affluent part of town but it's completely casual and I've always enjoyed my trips here.笑
We were well pleased with our dinner. I had the stuffed chicken pear fig jam with mashed white sweet potato along with bacon roasted Brussels sprouts. The plate tastes just like it looks.... DELICIOUS. All the flavors mixed together perfectly and the meal was well satisfying. Totally recommend this restaurant.笑
I recently planned my best friend's birthday party here and I have to tell you... I was thoroughly impressed! 

Making the reservation then changing it twice to accomodate additional people was not a problem. We arrived and from the moment we walked in the door it was awesome. Our server was on point never letting anyones glass or cocktail go empty! Very speedy and anticipated things I would have not thought of asking for until my food had arrived. 

The food... Let me begin by saying I had not been to 300 East in almost 14 years. The restaurant was chosen for sentimental reasons. Whatever the case may be, the food was just as spot on as it was when we went there in the past. I had the fish tacos but everything at the table looked just as delicious as the other. Moderately priced appetizers and entrees with 5 star quality! 

I would be more than happy to recommend this place to anyone looking for something a little more upscale yet casual. I say again... it was an amazing experience.笑
One of my favorite places in charlotte. 
Their man baby pizza is amazing if you are vegetarian...
You should also try their veggie burger and falafel sandwich... super yum... 
Their sweet potato ravioli is good too but the only problem is they serve it during lunch time only... 
The best part about coming to 300 east is their awesome dessert...笑
Delicious!!! Converted home into a nice brunch and dinner joint. It is definitely priced right for the amount of food and quality you receive. My girlfriend and I had the "Monte Cristo" with a raspberry and honey mustard dipping sauce along with the yellow split pea soup-AMAZING! 

I want to also give special kudos to our server, Heather, she was very attentive and personable! The entire staff is also very friendly! 

This place is a must especially for Brunch!笑
Needed to kill sometime before a flight and found this little gem. Had the bacon wrapped filet with Gorgonzola. Cooked to perfection and a good price to boot. Place was awesome!!笑
This was in a cute old house that seemed like it had been a family's home at one point. The atmosphere is nice, it's fancy but not so much that you need to dress up. I had the crab cake and my boyfriend had the filet mignon, both were delicious! The mashed potatoes were great as well. Will be visiting this place again sometime soon!笑
Very rarely do I find places I enjoy for both lunch and dinner. 300 East is that place. The food is delicious and reasonably priced as well as sourced locally. Definitely try the crab cakes!笑
This is another one of those...dang, I feel bad because I don't understand the hype places.  After one disappointing experience, I will typically visit a restaurant again just to make sure I didn't catch them on an "off" day.  Unfortunately, I was only in town for a weekend.  

Atmosphere:  It's in a house that's been converted to a restaurant.  I loved that it had that homey feel to it while not feeling drab.  You can tell that the owner put a lot of thought into finding that right balance between comfort and not feeling too living room-ey.  

Service:  We had a reservation, so we were seated right as we arrived.  Our waitress offered food suggestions for what she thought we'd like (more on that later).  She was prompt, friendly, and informative.  No complaints there.

Food: It was okay.  I've definitely had better.  I ordered a fried catfish dish.  Being in NC, I was expecting this to blow me away...or at least come a little close.  It was bland as all get out!  It came with chips and those were semi stale/soggy.  I ordered the dessert special for the day, the sourgum molasses cookie with butterscotch ice cream and bruleed pineapple as a garnish.  The way the waitress described it had my mouth watering.  The ice cream and cookie were a great combination.  There was just something "off" about the entire composition of the dish though.  

I really wanted to like 300 East, but maybe next time.笑
Was here with friends some months ago. A great experience. Staff knows their stuff, the surroundings are so neat inside a historical type home. The food was eclectic and very well prepared.  We just had a blast trying each other's plates!  Bathroom is the only issue for me... it's so dark back there you can't see if youre in the mens or ladies!!! ooops!笑
Delicious brunch! The specials were great. Highly recommend if going for brunch to make a reservation. The service was excellent and included a free brownie for my birthday!笑
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. Their seasonal farro entree is to die for (I get it with salmon instead of chicken or shrimp).笑
Unfortunately, I got there for brunch at 11:30 on a Sunday and forgot about NC blue laws, so I couldn't sip while I waited for my food! So sad.

It's in a renovated old house, so it has the charm of home without being cramped. My friend and I ordered beignet to start, and I have no regrets. We considered a second order but our food came, and we were happy we had room for the delicious main course. 

For brunch I got the huevos rancheros. Instead of having the tortilla on the bottom with the filling on top, it was served nacho style with slighted toasted tortilla triangles filled with seasoned ground beef, with guac, beans and veggies to dip. So much fun.

I hope I have the chance to return!笑
Consistently good food. I've been here twice, and as a newbie to Charlotte who is compelled to try as many places as possible, that's saying a lot.笑
300 East is tucked inside an old house in Dilworth.  Super charming and quirky.  Favorites off the dinner menu:  baked goat cheese; sweet potato ravioli with Gorgonzola cream; Fall Salad; hanger steak with onion marmalade.  Their brunch is also awesome, especially the crab cake Benedict and shrimp and grits.笑
I went there yesterday with my date for an early Valentines Day dinner. The ambience is perfect for romance. Dimly lit, cozy, and stylishly quaint. I would highly recommend reservations because the couple in front of us did not have a reservation, and the wait time for them was 1.5 hours. 

We were served by Ms Annick. Top notch service by her. We decided on hummus for our appetizer, which was very good. The hummus came with pita bread, carrots, and celery. I'm not too strong on hummus but my date really enjoyed it. 

For the entree, my date chose the Chesapeake Bay crab cake and she substituted for some freshly made kale. She said it was outstanding on all levels. 

I chose the grilled hanger steak with the vegetable of the day which was green beans, and mashed potatoes. It was over the top delectable. The steak had a white sauce that covered it, which gave it a distinct taste. 

For dessert, we decided to share this strawberry pound cake-ish concoction with a scoop of ice cream. It also had a graham cracker-like crust. Overall, the dessert was underwhelming. We were hoping for more strawberries but it seemed like it was 1 strawberry sliced and diced 100 times. 

Overall this place was quite the find. My date was pleased and that's what mattered to me. Highly recommended and we will be back.笑
Very Good ambiance and Food. I dined indoor (upstairs). The only disadvantage I see is that it feels little crowded upstairs and kind of hard to hear talking over the table. Otherwise food and service is very good!笑
I have been a fan of this place for more years than I care to admit. I have used it for dates, for life events, for business and for times when I just wanted to treat myself very, very well. The menu is awesome for 3 meals every day. I have driven from Charleston to have dinner there. I am a fan of the Roasted Free Range Chicken and the Black Bean & Green Chile Chicken Tortilla. If you don't like either one of those, everything else on the menu is top drawer. 

The people here understand how to create the perfect experience. It's not just a trendy place in the heart of Dilworth. It's the place that inspired Dilworth. The prices are exceptionally reasonable and the food quality is incredible. The wine list offers great pairings for the entire menu. If you get there early, treat yourself to a Matilda Wong. Those have made my job seem okay on more than one occasion. 

In a city the size of Charlotte, there are restaurant choices without end. This place will make you reconsider the culinary landscape. It is without a doubt a must see in Charlotte.笑
My friends were shocked that I haven't eaten here yet... And they told me how much I would love it... And you know what?... I love it. I loved my lunch with my friends... And our server Amber was honestly--- PERFECT.  She was so helpful and so nice - that to me says a lot about management and ownership!  Anyways!!!! My food was delicious. I ordered one to go!!!! It's just that I love beets and Brussel sprouts and GOOD FOOD!  It was perfect- I admit I'm eating it now!  Flavorful.  Tasteful. Good spot. Great service. Simply good food. #charlotteeats #eatlocal笑
300 East is a charming little house-turned-restaurant in Dilworth. My mom and I unexpectedly found this place a few years back and had a delicious meal. It wasn't until I moved to Charlotte last year that I unexpectedly re-discovered it until driving down East Blvd. a few months back.

My first visit I had the man baby pizza and a salad (can't remember the name) and remember leaving quite impressed.

This go around, for dinner. The server advised they were debuting the spring menu that night. The fried goat cheese appetizer came with a large toasted baguette and was splendid. The few sips of onion soup I had were very impressive as well. The guacamole was nothing special and the only plate I wouldn't order again. Just simply not flavorful enough.

For the entree, I got the gnocchi with bacon and leeks in a creamy thyme sauce. Holy moly. One of the best gnocchis I have ever had (and I studied Italian cooking in Italy). The bf ordered the bacon wrapped filet which came stuffed with Gorgonzola. Admittedly, I much preferred mine. The Gorgonzola was too rich against the filet, in my opinion, but he seemed to be happy.

After scrolling through other yelpers pictures, I can't wait to try this place for brunch. Nutella and Banana stuffed French Toast... Wowee! Definitely a must try of you're in the Dilworth area.笑
First off... Order a "Wong"! Don't question. Just do! The most scrumptious, most deadly, most fantastic concoction of deliciousness to be had in liquid form. Now that that is out of the way. Order the special... whatever the special is just order it. Im not saying the rest of the menu is bad, it is fantastic in fact. BUT the specials they run are just... SPECIAL. I like feeling special and their specials do just that. Cool house converted to a restaurant makes an awesome atmosphere and cool neighborhood find. The place definitely fills up fast but with the help of opentable you can get a reservation and get a seat. There is a small bar that fills up but the bartenders are great. If you havent been to 300 East, GO!笑
300 East is a quaint little spot on the edge of the Dilworth community in an old house. Its a great place to get a group of friends together for dinner. The mood always seems to be lively there. They also have this amazing drink called the Matilda Wong, or as most call it "the Wong". They only allow you two so that should tell you just how strong it is. There service usually seems to be dead on, and they always know there menu quite well. I usually end up getting my favorite the Sonoma Salad with Chicken. If you like wine, they always have a special on Wednesday night where its half off a bottle of wine. I also definitely recommend making reservations if your going on a Friday or Saturday evening as they tend to get busy.笑
My husband and I came here for a romantic dinner after hearing some great things about this place. I love the charm of the cozy house-like atmosphere. Make sure to make reservations! They sure are busy on Friday nights. I was pleasantly surprised to see the menu was inexpensive for a "fine dining" experience. The chef sure knows what they are doing and we loved every bit of our meal. Also, the service was fantastic and we will definitely make this a spot for future date nights.笑
A+ on all accounts! Perfect atmosphere, noise level, food, drinks, everything! We ordered the braised lamb with mushroom ragout and the pork loin with hummus mashed potatoes and shaved brussel sprouts-OMG sooooo good! We couldn't stop raving about every bite! 300 East is the perfect date night place!笑
300 East is my new favorite place for brunch. I've been there twice, and both brunches were simply outstanding. The first time we walked in for brunch at noon on a Sunday and were immediately seated, amazingly enough. We must have been really luck because not only were we immediately seated, but we received a wonderful table for two near a window with fresh flowers on the table. I ordered their ham benedict with coffee and a yogurt granola, and it was delightful. Especially mixed with the atmosphere and our cute table, the entire experience was a joy.

On my second occasion, I went for brunch on the Sunday after Valentine's Day, and there was a thirty minute wait for seats, or we could take the open seats at the bar. We decided to take two open seats at the bar, and again, we were immediately seated. I ordered their special, which included a goat cheese-chevre omelette, ham, and potatoes. The meal was simply divine. This was some of the best food I've ever had thanks to their spot-on seasoning and toppings. I ordered a coffee and mimosa on the side. I had to wait until noon for the mimosa because of NC laws, but as soon as we hit noon, the mimosa was right out and the perfect side to my breakfast. 

I will definitely be back to 300 East, and I certainly recommend this brunch place to anyone in the Charlotte area. It's a lovely staple for Dilworth, and I'm glad we have some a charming and delicious brunch place in the area.笑
The wife and I enjoyed our lunch very much.  You will receive the freshest food here.  The pimiento cheese spread is to die for.  Try the shrimp BLT panini it is fabulous.  If you like burgers give them a try too.笑
Only explored this restaurant for lunch but it did not disappoint. Brunch is a hot item here. Weekends there is always a line and it is well deserved.笑
It has been years since I have been to 300 East, but having recently moved just down the street I finally decided to check out their dining experience.

I was dining alone so was taken upstairs to a small booth, and found the upstairs very tight! A lot of tables in a small space so it was pretty loud. I started with the french onion soup, and was it worth it. The soup came served in a small kettle bowl with cheese oozing over the edges, a good sign right?? Ha Ha! The broth was so flavorful with just the right amount of sautéed onions.
For my entree I ordered the roasted chicken dinner with mashed potatoes and the vegetable of the day. The chicken was perfectly cooked with crisp skin and moist fall off the bone meat. The mashed potatoes and gravy were good, but the veggies, sautéed squash and zucchini were disappointing. No real flavor.
Overall the atmosphere is nice with a unique menu that I think everyone could find something to enjoy. I definitely look forward to going back...I can imagine that soup will be great on a cool fall day!笑
Easily one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. Brunch is always delicious, I almost always try whatever is on special. They have one egg special and one French toast special every weekend and they don't usually repeat them! Their French onion soup is phenomenal. Love the ahi tuna burger. Can't really go wrong with what you are ordering. Very reasonably priced for the quality of food that you get.笑
I'll never not say yes to 300 East.

It's aces !!

The food is creative and everything about the place is just so right for a special time or a regular time. It gets wicked busy on Sundays because it's so good.笑
300 East is one of my FAVORITE restaurants in Charlotte. They have an amazing brunch on the weekends, with a great variety of sweet and savory selections. I honestly don't think you can go wrong with any option on the menu. Everything is fresh and flavorful, and the service is impeccable. 

One tip: I'd definitely try the roasted Joyce Farms half chicken and the grilled gorgonzola-stuffed filet mignon.笑
300 east is hands down one of my favorite spots in Charlotte!  Whether you're having lunch, dinner or Sunday brunch the drinks and food are ALWAYS delicious!笑
I think 300 East is one of those restaurants we take for granted here in Charlotte, but Charlotte is really lucky to have this established, quirky, neighborhood-y, and personality-filled place.  Probably the first unique feature of 300 East is its look.  At some point, this restaurant was a home and the dishes served here are eclectic american... really makes for a great Charlotte dining experience.

There is a small bar located downstairs and more dining located up a narrow staircase.  Limited patio seating is available as well, but the quirkiness starts as soon as you walk in.  The front entrance makes for a small host/hostess stand and a small bench for maybe two people to sit down (while waiting for a table).  I suggest you make reservations on a busy weekend evening, but I've been here on weekdays where it seems SUPER busy.  The waitstaff still try to accommodate, just be patient.  I can't even imagine trying to serve the patio area because you are using the front door and a ton of stairs to get there with food trays in hand.

Usually there are specials and the waiter/waitress will let you know about them.  In the front, there is some literature about sourcing local products and I'm sure 300 East has been doing this for a long, long time.  I know a lot of places now are jumping on the sustainability wagon, but 300 East has been at this game for a while.  Probably the key of making food really good is knowing where it comes from and establishing relationships with local farmers.

The very first thing I've tried from 300 East is their Matilda Wong (not for the average drinker).  They limit one per customer since there is a TON of different liquors in it and is quite potent.  Best Shared... but if you are brave enough, like myself... drink it all.... and wake up the next morning not knowing what happened the rest of the evening.  They have an assortment of other cocktails, local craft beers, and wine.

I know a lot of people come here for restaurant week, but I suggest going just on a regular weekday and experience the restaurant as it is (without the specials).  You'll definitely find a great place for lunch or dinner... and an even better dessert menu (and I'm not a dessert person!).笑
The last few times we have been here, the service has been awful. We went last night and they cram you in these tiny tables after we requested booth upstairs. For some reason, they never put you in booth anymore even though we requested on reservations.
Last night, waiter took about 20 minutes to bring us water, then we placed a Wong order. That came out after another 15 minutes. Hardly any alcohol in it and for $11 it was not like it use to be. We ordered the goat cheese app which is our fav. It never came out! People beside us got their food first and then ours came out. We told waiter we did not get our appetizer as he is handing us our entrees and he says "well what do you want?". It was so rude and then he says he must have forgot to put it in! No apologies at all. But boy when it was time to get the bill, that was the quickest he had ever moved!! Completely disappointed, as this use to be one of our favorite spots to go. We will def find somewhere else that is more accommodating and better service.笑
I am so unimpressed. We came from Durham. I would have to say we wasted a meal experience on this place. Interior so so, food alright, waitress terrible. 

Our fish tacos had an avocado sticker in our guacamole. We told our waitress. She immediately left and brought back a smaller plate and proceed to scoop the bit of guacamole with the avocado sticker onto this smaller plate (right in front of us!!!). We asked her to take the whole plate back and not do it in front of us; it wasn't  appetizing at all. She returned with the same plate with less items on it. I know mistakes happen, but this is not how it should be dealt with. We were charged full price with no apology. This is not how I would do business!笑
The roasted chicken with pan gravy, mashed potatoes and squash was excellent! I loved it. I licked the gravy off my plate with no shame. My boyfriend ordered the grass-fed burger with onion marmalade. I'm not a huge burger fab but that onion marmalade was the tits! You MUST get the white chocolate brioche pudding. If you order nothing else, order that. It was melt in your mouth delicious with fresh blueberries and lemon curd. 3.50$ local drafts, pleasant and quaint venue. Wheelchair friendly. Wait staff was excellent, patient with all my questions and courteous. Be careful you don't go in the wrong bathroom, though. The boy/girl markets are only slightly different...I'll leave it up to you to discover. Highly recommend.笑
Husband and I went here on the last day of restaurant week in January. We will be back.
Goat cheese appetizer was the highlight, but husband and i were totally happy with entrees. Dessert was a little much-- brownie, icecream. meh. i should have tried the panna cotta. last minute mind-changes are usually bad ones.笑
I think the food was good and the atmosphere was very nice.  A little pricey for what you get but overall a solid breakfast experience.  I was not excited to learn they did not serve espresso and espresso based drinks... Only coffee.  I would say this is and the fact they had only limited breakfast menu items are the two biggest problems I have.  I probably won't be back anytime soon just because there are so many other options in Charlotte.笑
Completely charming. 
Also they did a great job accommodating our large group when we celebrated my baby shower. This spot is quaint, cute and a little bit girly.  They were very accommodating.

So service is the standout. Good was good I had the crab cake sandwich.笑
I think 300 East is great, but it isn't the best place to take a picky eater (especially a picky male eater) because the menu is lacking things like french fries, huge hamburgers, or chicken wings.  The food here is very fresh and original.  The lunch menu is predominately salads and sandwiches, while the dinner menu has more entrees.  While the food is great, it can get cowded for lunch or dinner, and the service is not extremely fast.  There are aften people hanging out here after work for a quick glass of wine and maybe and an appetizer.  If you have an hour or so to spend, you wont regret going here to eat.  I highly reccomend the Fall Salad with port soaked cherries, goat cheese, and pancetta dressing.

***UPDATE: they changed their menu so i can't vouch for some of the new stuff.  also, after the menu change you no longer get a side item with your sandwich- i like the food but that's totally lame.笑
Definitely like this place...If you are in for a calorie filled treat order "the usual."  I pretty much order something different every time I go.  For some reason my boyfriend does not like this place as much as I do.  Maybe bc the last time we went they stuffed him in the tiniest booth in the place, which I really loved but may be more suited for two women or maybe you shouldn't order "the usual" if you sit there.. ( :  I love the upstairs booths at night when they have the candles lit.  Always have great service.  Very reasonably priced wine and food.  Cute location.笑
I'm not sure why I havent reviewed this yet I have been many times for both lunch and dinner! The food is always good my favorite being the French Onion Soup! They also have a Sweet Potato Ravioli with a Gorgonzola Cream sauce with Walnuts I believe-really good! This place gets filled up quick especially in the prime time hours so make sure you get there a little early or a little after the rush!笑
This place is very good.  I like the dinner better than the brunch, but none the less, my meals have been impressive every time. Neat place, and great date spot.  I will certainly come back again.笑
Fantastic experience!  Food was great, service was great and bottles of wine were half price.  Will definitely come back next time we are in Charlotte.  Such a quaint spot with tasty food.  Highly recommend.笑
Wonderful outdoor patio setting for Sunday brunch...superb service and food was delicious!笑
The environment is nice. I took my girlfriend here for a nice dinner. I was pleased with the service and the quality of the food. The food is a little pricey, but it's worth it. I ordered the chicken and it was very hot and fresh. The vegetable of the day, green beans were also very tasty. My girlfriend ordered the steak and I tried a piece of that as well. It was very tender and tasty. I recommend this place if you and your significant other want to try out a new restaurant.笑
If you like sturdy Old Faithfuls, 300 East is the place for you. I've been dining here since 2002, and it never disappoints. It's a great place for lunch, which is usually when I end up at 300 East most often. Special memories are also a contributing factor for me, as I had my first date with my husband at 300. 

I like how, if you get attached to a menu item, chances are good that it will be available for years to come (as long as it's not a special). They introduce new things, but they keep a healthy selection of favorites. My favorite is a side. Their potato salad is perfect, in my book. Flavorful (garlic-y) but not overly so, on the drier side, not tangy, super fresh, and they use red potatoes. It goes exceptionally well with their genius Avocado BLT. They do a great job on salads, and I enjoy their hummus too. Desserts are usually delicious.

They have a charming little patio. You can watch and listen to birds as you dine under the large tree in front of what was once a family home on East Boulevard. Inside, there are two floors. The first floor has a fireplace, and the cutest, coziest bar. Upstairs is open to below and very quaint. 

I always experience good service. Staff is laid back, friendly, and effective.

The only things I don't love about 300 East is that the interior can get very loud, and just about all of the seats are very uncomfortable. The booths are made of old, very shallow benches whose backs are stick-straight. The space in each booth is super small and very cramped. The tables and chairs are more comfortable, but they're placed very close to each other - - cramped again. The restaurant is supposed to feel kind of shabby and casual, but I think it goes a little too far sometimes. Their tablecloths are always a bit worn and tired-looking. Overall, not a huge deal.

It pleases me to know that, throughout times of vast and frequent change, 300 East is still around, still serving fresh, comforting, delicious dishes.笑
From what I hear 300 East used to be a good restaurant. Not anymore. 
Tonight was the 4th time I've been there in the past couple years. The first 3 trips weren't bad but definitely weren't good. Tonight was more along the lines of awful. 
Service: awful. It tooke us over 2 and a half hours for dinner for 6 people (We had apps but no dessert). It was slow, our waitress was absent, and it took them forever to clear our plates. 
Food: awful. Three of us got burgers and they were flavorless and over-cooked. My sister in law got the pork tenderloin and it came out cold. The crab cakes were eh. The salmon nothing special. 
The few pluses: good local draft beers. Good coffee. That's it. 
In a city with plenty of good restaurants, don't waste your time on 300 East笑
I've been to 300 East now for both dinner and lunch and I can't choose a favorite. The location is splendid and conveniently located off of East Blvd, the old house is outfitted nicely to fit the targeted ambiance, and the food matches everything above. 

Our last visit consisted of a few apps and entrees: 

Baked French Onion - Small crock, croutons, textbook flavor, gratuitous provalone baked on top. Can't find a thing I don't love about it. 

Sweet Potato Ravioli - Nice mix of savory, sweet, and creamy flavors. A little too heavy on the cream sauce, but the rav was al dente and sang on the forefront with holiday-esque spice. 

Seared Ahi Tuna Salad - The dressings alone make this salad crave-worthy. Sesame, soy, ginger, hoisin, of which are perfectly balanced. The tuna was gorgeous and was even better with each bite. 

Much like aforementioned by the infamous Jeff S, the Matilda Wong is not only a right of passage for first-time 300 East-goers, but for booze lovers everywhere. It's 32oz pitcher, quite literally, filled with three different kinds of booze. It tastes like liquid candy and goodness gracious I love it. 

Parking is straight up atrocious. Forget about feeling comfortable leaving your car behind this old house. A half dozen signs screaming "Your car will be tortured by a towing service if left here." Not the most comforting parking arrangement. Find a space on the street if you can.

Regardless, this place rules. Pricepoint is fair, food is great, booze is even better.笑
Had the salmon Monday with half price glasses of wine and salad. Salmon cooked perfectly and rice and spinach were delicious. Side salad a bit uninspired. Professional and prompt bartender (sat at small bar). Came back Tuesday and sat upstairs. cozy. Had Farro sauté with shrimp and colleague got pork dish. While I needed some hot sauce, it was healthy and perfectly executed. French onion soup was considered excellent by my guest as was his main course. Reasonably price, good parking, will be back.笑
This is where I go when I want something tasty and reliable.  There's nothing unique or trendy -- just decent food.  I love the atmosphere and most of the waitstaff is competent.  I used to live a few blocks away, so I have eaten here many, many times over the years.  The menu's changed a few times, but I can honestly say there was only one time I wasn't too happy with my entree.  Great place to recover from a hangover with comfort foods.笑
My best friend and I went to 300 East for dinner before an evening outing. We were both very pleased with our restaurant selection. The ambiance of the restaurant was haimish, which I loved. There were so many delightful menu selections on the menu.  The guacamole and chip appetizer was delicious. The sizing was good for a pair. I ordered the Shrimp Farro Sauté, per the recommendation of our server Matt. The entree was absolutely excellent. Also, Matt was a pleasure. I will definitely go back and will ask to be seated in Matt's section!笑
This place is adorable. The house is quaint and comfortable. It's like walking into your grandma's house to have dinner with 75 of your closest cousins. The waiter was attentive and polite - but not intrusive. The specials sounded delicious, but I went with the crab cake sandwich. Good choice, self. It was moist and lumpy. Typing that made me giggle.笑
We stopped by for dessert yesterday after the bf insisted on trying the butterscotch ice cream sandwich featured on Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives with Guy. The bar was pretty much open so we decided to sit here. We also grabbed a couple of Bloody Marys.. loved the kick, seems like a good hangover cure. The dessert came out quick, and it was pretty big. The ice cream itself wasn't overly sweet. The cookie, similar to a large, soft ginger snap, was delicious and covered with granulated sugar. I'd ease up on the sugar topping.. but it was very tasty all in all. 

I definitely want to stop by for dinner, the crab cakes sound to die for. You can get 2 for about 11 bucks as an appetizer or add one on to your meal for $10..YUM. Cheers!笑
We have been here 4-5 times for date nights and always love our meal. The service is great and we love sitting in the big bright window bays and enjoying our meal. It's a cozy atmosphere and feels nice without being stuffy or overly expensive. We really love the steaks, the seasonal farro dish, and the crab cakes. The potato cakes are also really tasty. But you HAVE to order the baked goat cheese. God, this is so good. You can keep it cheap here or splurge, it's great for a regular night or date night!笑
Only eaten here for lunch.  Nice casual atmosphere.  Great salads.  Need to go back to try entrees, but I liked this place.  Very reasonably priced.笑
Excellent lunch. Special peach/bourbon chicken sandwich and the Harvest salad with shrimp and the Chilled cucumber soup were incredible.笑
I absolutely love this place. It is charming, intimate & adorable. The food was great! I ordered the crab cake sandwich which was yummy. The peach drink was fabulous & the salted caramel brownie sundae was scrumptious. One of my favorite meals in Charlotte. I will be coming back soon!笑
Not a good experience- food was just average - felt like it was pre cooked & reheated. Very pricey for the portion size & not even bread with dinner. Won't be going back.笑
Let me preface this review with the fact that I have been to 300 East and had a beautiful time on numerous occasions. Despite this, my last visit was not pleasant.

I ordered 300 East's rendition of a kale salad as my main entree. When it showed up to the table, I was confused to see a handful of kale with dressing (on one side of the plate) and a handful of burnt kale (on the other side). It was incredibly small and I was surprised that the waitress had not warned me. The menu said that the 'burnt kale' was supposed to be kale chips, but trust me when I say that this was the farthest thing from a kale chip. I've eaten kale chips plenty of times and this would be better described as a salt block. To put it bluntly, inedible. 

I asked for portobello mushrooms on top of my salad and got what appeared to be a 1/4 of a portobello. I jokingly asked my date if it was a salad for ants. Given the price point for this dish, I expected quite a bit more. I was left incredibly hungry after my meal and left 300 East for a second dinner elsewhere. 

Two days later, I am still a bit bitter.笑
Best Sunday brunch game in town.  Obsessed with the shrimp panini.笑
If you have an appetite and it's brunch time on a Sunday I HIGHLY recommend the breakfast pizza and I would order it as a starter for a party of 3. Also, the French toast is perfect! It's hard for me to find a FT dish that I like as I find most of them the be underwhelming and dominated by the bread but 300 east offers French toast that is a wonderful balance between bread, egg, and vanilla. I don't like my FT too thick or too thin, this one fits in the middle! Bon-appetite笑
I was taken away with how cute and comfortable the restaurant was. The atmosphere was outstanding! Our server didn't have the best knowledge but was super nice and attentive.笑
Love quaint little place in Dilworth. Brunch was delicious this morning. Well definitely recommend to other people and be back.笑
Had a great dinner at 300 E. on a Wednesday evening (half-price wine by the bottle) and found the entire experience outstanding. From the high backed booth seating near a window to the friendly serving staff you got the feeling that everyone was glad that you came by for dinner. The farm to fork menu is very interesting (in a good way) and every dish tasted as great as it looked.  Try the goat cheese starter and savory French onion soup.笑
Killer address. 

Within a block and a half is this deliciously stylish, out-of-the-ordinary restaurant (300 East), a one-of-a-kind, fascinating, eclectic bookstore/gift shop (Paper Skyscraper), and a bakery that will knock your socks (and diet) off (Sweet Lorraine's Bakery). 

Trilogy: Three works of art.笑
Superb dining! We stopped here on our one night in Charlotte and would love to have the opportunity to go back. I had the Mediterranean Chef's Salad and the Butternut Squash Pizza. So good!! I was quite sad to have to leave my leftover pizza behind since we were staying in a hotel. 

Tip: Sit outside. Lovely atmosphere and the AC inside is freezing!笑
We come to 300 East at least twice a month for their Sunday brunch - that would be at least every other weekend. Between the two of us, we get either two orders of the breakfast burrito (with chorizo) or one order of the breakfast burrito and whatever french toast special they are featuring that day. I love their focus on fresh, local produce. Everything just tastes very fresh and good. 

I've brought several out-of-towners here - for the food as well as for the atmosphere of the restaurant. As noted by several other reviewers, 300 East is located inside of a converted house. I think it really gives a feel for the Dilworth neighborhood.

Service has always been really great here. Depending on the weekend, you might need to make reservations, but if you can get in before 11am for brunch, you'll generally be ok just walking in.笑
Excellent brunch venue.  The crab cake Benedict was excellent. I love the use of the crab cake as the base for this plate. Also loved  the banana Nutella french toast. Surprisingly not overpoweringly sweet. 

Great service, will definitely return.笑
This place makes a very nice romantic night spot.  It's very cozy and comfortable.  It would be a nice place to go if you want to impress your date, but not overwhelm them.  And that's my dating tip for the day.  Anyway, the salads here are really good, but it tends to get a bit crowded around lunch time so try to work around the crowd if you can.笑
A very nice place. I thoroughly enjoyed my lunch, my salad was nice and fresh and my guest enjoyed their meals also. The view is very nice if you get a window seat and the service is very efficient and I would recommend it to a friend. Anytime you're in Charlotte stop by and have a nice meal there.笑
We went on a Monday evening for dinner. I was a little under dressed, but was not aware of the atmosphere here. Definitely don't show up in sweats LOL. Anyways, we had a vegetable plate and the chicken tortilla. Both amazing dishes. They had spaghetti squash that evening and it was delicious. The avocado on my tortilla was one of the best I've had in a while. My boyfriend has once had a tuna burger from here and we returned because of it. Will return for a nice pleasant dinner.笑
You have to try the Seared Ahi Tuna Salad. It's light for dinner, put some of the wasabi dressing on the soy sauce and put it over your salad. 

The portobello burger is also great. I really like the place, good service, good location and always something new to try.

** Please fix the espresso machine, every time I go there .... "we are waiting for this piece that come from Italy bla bla bla"笑
Went for Sunday brunch with 4 kids... Hectic to say the least, but server and staff were so nice and accommodating.  I order the eggs benedict, it was soooo goood! My husband order the breakfast pizza, that was even better!!' Will order that next time!笑
Fav place in Charlotte--and that sweet potato ravioli... no joke changed my life. 

Best flavor for your buck in the city by far!笑
Went to 300 East for lunch and managed to miss the busy lunch crowd. I ordered the goat cheese appetizer and it is amazing! For my entree, I had to BLT. It was only okay. It lacked flavor and my lettuce was brown. The entrees took a good bit to come out of the kitchen. The bread pudding dessert was to die for! I probably won't be back for lunch, but I would try the dinner out.笑
Went here on a whim for Sunday brunch with my friend. Our reservation was for 12:30 but we got there at 12 and they were able to seat us right away which was great because we were starving! I got a cup of coffee and a mimosa, both of which were very good. (Mimosas, bellinis and bloody Marys are only $3.50!). To start we ordered the pimento cheese which was delicious and came with veggies and pita. My friend got the breakfast pizza and I got the grits bowl. The pizza was huge- we couldn't finish it but not for lack of trying. When you order the grits bowl they give you a list of things you can add to it and you get to pick 4. I went the Mexican route and got queso fresco, salsa, bacon and an egg... there were no leftovers for this dish :)笑
Visiting from out of town and found this cute little cozy gem on Yelp and it did not disappoint! It's away from uptown, tucked away in a cute neighborhood. The vibe is dim-lit and very cozy homey feel. 

They seem to have daily specials, and on Sundays they have $4.5 mimosa / bloody and half off bottles of wine! Our meal was very affordable. For 2 appetizers, two entrees, a bottle of wine and 1 dessert to share our meal came to roughly $80 including tip. 

I started off with the french onion soup which is one of the better ones I've had. Nice carmelized deep onion flavor, rich rich cheese on the top broiled to a nice brown crust, delicious. My partner got the mushroom bisque special soup of the day, which was rich and flavorful. 5/5 on both of those.

For entree I received the half chicken over haricot verts, mashed potatoes and pan gravy. The gravy is one of the best home made gravies I've ever had! And the mashed potatoes were so creamy and delectable. The green beans cooked perfectly, good seasoning. The chicken was cooked very well, not dry at all on the inside but this lacked a little flavor. All I needed was probably a bit more gravy or seasoning/salt on the chicken, but overall amazing meal. 
We also saved room to split their spiced butternut squash and vanilla cheesecake with seed brittle, butternut purree and gingercrumb which was amazing. Nice creamy texture, not too sweet and I loved the crunch texture from the brittle. 

Our server was great as well. highly recommended restaurant!笑
300 East is an old friend with whom I somehow lost touch.  I was happy to renew the acquaintance. I had the Farro(?) Sautee with shrimp and it was really good!  Can't remember what my wife had, but she liked it a lot. She does not eat meat and it was nice to be in a restaurant with lots of choices for her. The service was as exceptional as I remembered. And we still enjoy looking on East Blvd., one of the coolest streets in Charlottay! We'll be back there soon!笑
Worst service in this restaurant in 20 years. Most likely a waitress issue but who knows. We waited an hour for our food and dish was cold when it finally made it to the table. Darn!笑
I love this place. Have been for multiple valentines day and finally had the brunch. Delicious and fresh food and good service, make a reservation online as they get packed quickly but I was able to get the reservations easily. Love it here!笑
This place is unique and provides fantastic value for its prie point. I was a regular for the three years I lived in Charlotte. My highlights:

- The Usual is the best sandwich in the world. Period.
- The Ahi tuna salad is delicious and fresh. Great dish for lunch.
- The tenderloin sandwich -onion mermelade, mustard- ... just awesome
- The pizzas are outstanding!
- The sweet potato raviolli is delicious

Both location and service are top notch. 

In general, 300 East has a cuisine that is unique and delicious. Provides excellent value for the buck, and delivers consistently. 5/5.笑
I've always love going here from the time it first opened. 300East just gets better and better. The wait staff is fabulous and fun and the kitchen know how to produce consistency! The drinks are creative and tasty, the wine list is always great and the deserts to die for. For lunch you can't beat the tuna burger and dinner I always pick an evening special. This is a tried and true Resturant in Dilworth. Always a treat!笑
Delicious food. Period. We had the baked goat cheese appetizer that could genuinely be eaten by itself with the right wine and your in heaven. Then for lunch I had the fish tacos and my boyfriend had the blackened salmon salad. We both left happy and perfectly full. The server was great she had been there for about 5 years she said and still ate there all the time which having been a server myself for a long time does say a lot to me I only worked in one place that I ate at still after so many years. This restaurant was featured on diners drive ins and dives and is well deserving of it. Bravo.笑
I definitely made a reservation at 131 Main, then showed up at 300 East. Oops.

Confusion and embarrassment, aside, it is a great place. I was here once before during Restaurant Week, but it's so much nicer without the crowds. Their bar downstairs, especially, is much nicer when you are there by choice rather than waiting for a table. Although a heavy pour of Hendrick's can right a lot of wrongs.

We were seated upstairs both times, and I love the decor up there. It's not flashy or distracting, just a lot of small paintings that are much better than your usual mass-produced "art". Great neighborhood, building, booths, waitstaff, everything.

Everything except the food. I never quite know what to do about the food. The menu is muddled - Tacos, Filet Mignon, Burritos, Ravioli  - which no doubt gives great variety for the casual lunch crowd, but at dinner it robs the meal of cohesion. That might seem a strange complaint, but their menu is a strange experience. The food itself isn't bad (especially the local blackberry and peach cobbler) but it's such a hodgepodge that I have trouble enjoying it.笑
My fiance and I love this place.  Great food and drinks and great service!  Reservations recommended at peak times for dinner especially.  The small patio is lovely in the spring.笑
300 East has great ambiance, especially once the sun goes down and the soft interior lighting generates a warm, intimate atmosphere. Ms. B. and I had our first experience here this past weekend, and we did enjoy it a lot. The charm of the place and the superior service stood out a little more than the food -- which wasn't bad by any stretch, just not quite of the caliber I was hoping for. The wine list isn't all that extensive but does feature several good dry red varieties, which is our preference. Ms. B. ordered the Farro Sauté with grilled shrimp, which proved excellent. It was superior to my hanger steak (ordered medium rare) with onion marmalade, horseradish sauce, potato cake, and green beans. The steak itself was decent, cooked as desired, though a bit too smothered with the horseradish sauce, which I didn't find very appealing; it had more the flavor and consistency of mayonnaise than horseradish. The onion marmalade was very tangy, also a bit too much for my palate. The potato cake was actually the standout item -- quite delicious and worth a reprise. For dessert I had a nice portion of goat cheese souffle with chocolate crumbles and strawberries, which was tasty and rather surprisingly light. When I am back in Charlotte, I would like to visit 300 East again and try a few different menu items. I'm sure I would have enjoyed the steak more with better (or fewer) toppings. The atmosphere and the service, again, is so good that it overcomes any other shortcomings, and makes 300 East sufficiently a winner to bring me back.笑
I have now been to 300 East on two occasions. My first trip was for brunch and I had shrimp and grits. It was good, but not my absolute favorite. However, on my 2nd trip I went for lunch and everything was awesome. We got a pitcher of the drink special (no regrets) to share as a group. I split with a friend the Sopressata pizza and Asian Tuna Burger. Both were amazing. I have always loved the atmosphere and lunch sold me on the food.笑
Great for original libations... Exotic local produce dishes. Great for a Saturday outting.笑
Can't say enough good things about this place. Lovely little restaurant in a great neighborhood. Ambiance is very nice and the service was top notch.

I ordered the seared ahi tuna salad with greens, avocado, sesame dressing, grilled rice cakes, wasabi and shoyu glaze. This was seriously one of the best ahi tuna salads I have ever had -- it loved me long time.

If you're in the mood for a drink, you must get the Matilda Wong. It's served in a small pitcher with a straw. Trust me, until your pitcher is empty, your lips will never leave that straw.笑
Meh. Menu looked good but was OK, and for the price I wasn't expecting to eat on vinyl tablecloths.笑
Recommendation. Lovely place. Service has always been great and the specials are super.  
Really nice place with parking in the back easy to access.笑
First time we came here it was pretty good. So, we decided to bring my parents here when they came to town. Not good at all. We waited more than an hour to get any food. It is a Tuesday night. They were not busy. We finished a bottle of wine after an hour and there was a 10 minute lapse before a waiter came to see if we wanted another bottle, and that was when I finally got a chance to ask the status of our food. When asked, they said there were tickets ahead of ours so we needed to be patient.The chicken was dry, the farro was also dry and tasted like it had simply been made with frozen vegetables. I'm embarrassed to have taken my parents here in an effort to show them Charlotte cuisine.笑
While I still haven't made it here for brunch (sad panda), I somehow seem to make it here for lunch or dinner every other month or so. The ambiance is still casual and cozy and service is typically on point and friendly. A few items I've snacked on recently that I much appreciate:

The Fall Salad: 4/5: This is my go-to. Direct from the menu it's: Port Soaked Cherries, Goat Cheese and Toasted Pine Nuts over Mixed Greens with Pancetta Dressing. The dressing doesn't really do it for me but, frankly, there are so many other delicious items nestled in this salad it doesn't seem to matter. The port soaked cherries and goat cheese make a beautiful match. Get it with chicken. 

Sweet Potato Ravioli: 5/5: If you seek the most delicious, creamy, dreamy, not-good-for-you plate, get the sweet potato ravioli. It's what fat dreams are made of. Hell, it's what my dreams are made of. 

Baked Goat Cheese Appetizer: 4/5: Um, yum. Tons of baked goat cheese with sun dried tomatoes and plenty 'o garlic. It's worth it. Save the mints for later. 

Fish tacos: 3.5/4: For a change of pace, I dig the fish tacos. They're fresh and tasty, but nothing that blows me away. They fill the void of a dinner that's a bit of a lighter fare. 

If you're never been to 300 East, I implore you to visit. There are just tons of great tasting items in this sweet little restaurant.笑
Cool little place. Looks like a house was gutted and changed into an awesome house of good food. Oh my I could eat the sweet potatoes ravioli all day soo good. Took my lady Started with wine and a light beer. Then moved to a spicy pimento pizza pie which is great to split its about 13 inches (that's what he said) any way Bold flavors!! As for dessert we went with the peanut butter ice cream Sammie which had a jelly glaze and cream on the plate . Literally the best PB&J flavor ever .Thats what's up.


The only complaint I have is parking. Maybe I'm missing something but there is a huge adjacent lot that reads "only for street car parking" so I guess park on the street ?! 

End of the day great spot for delicious food and what not笑
Love it here, best hamburger I have ever had.  Best place to eat in CLT, very good service.  The sweet potato ravioli in alfredo sauce terrific.笑
Very accommodating to my gluten free diet.
Grilled two portobello mushrooms for the 'buns' no questions asked!
And the burger was delicious messy but delicious !笑
Make reservations! If you don't, be prepared to wait-but it will be worth it. The tuna burger is one of the best sandwiches in Charlotte. If you go for brunch, don't get the Bloody Mary (but the Matilda Wong is great!) the crab cake Benedict is great but be warned: the eggs are fried but can be substituted for poached!笑
One of my wife's favorite spots.  In delightful old home on East Blvd.  Great Chef = Great food.  Always tasty!!笑
I flew in to Charlotte for a job interview, and my wife and I came here for dinner. It was fantastic. The restaurant itself is in a historic home, and we loved the decor and the atmosphere. I ordered the grilled hangar steak, which came perfectly cooked. The horseradish sauce, potato cake, and fresh green beans were all delicious. 

I will definitely come back next time I'm in town, and I would definitely order the hangar steak again.笑
Past two times we have tried to have dinner there we have walked into an empty restaurant and been told that there would be on hour wait! I understand that reservations are recommended but on a week night with literally no one in the place you won't seat a long time customer!  Two words.   Bye bye. Seriously you just lost a long term customer.   First rule of business is always take care of the customer in front of you.笑
Disappointing...With so many accolades boasting from their window, I expected to have an awesome meal.  Not the case, we had the French onion soup, guacamole and chips for starters. Entree we ordered crab cakes, a grass fed burger and Mediterranean salad. The French onion soup was the best item on the table. Guac was blah. The burger was overcooked, bland crab cakes and worst than average salad. This meal left us unsatiated.笑
Had French onion soup, the filet and Matilda Wong.  Did not disappoint.  Will be dining here again very soon.笑
I came to 300 East once per the recommendation of a friend and have been there twice based on the great experience that I had. 

Great food, an excellent mix of healthy options, cool relaxed atmosphere, and innovative cuisine. Staff has been great, as well!笑
I went for brunch with a group.  I had made reservations in advance so we were seated right away in one of their tables upstairs.  The place is really cool and unique since it is basically a house that was converted into a restaurant.  The breakfast pizza was fantastic, I tackled it all by myself but you can easily fill up on just half.  Everyone enjoyed it and we will definitely go back for other meals as well.笑
This is definitely one of my favorite date spots in Charlotte if you do not want to spend a million dollars and still get exceptional food in a romantic, but not stuffy atmosphere. 

300 East is kind of hidden on East Boulevard in what used to be a house and has a quaint, romantic vibe. The tables are lit with candles and the booths are old wood and might not be the most comfortable but that makes the experience more unique. There are not a huge amount of tables in this restaurant because it literally is the size of a house but I've never had to wait long for a table. They do accept reservations, though, which I would suggest if you have a large party for a special occasion. 

I have dined here on several dates and for one of my birthday dinners with girlfriends, which was really nice as well. The atmosphere is laid back as no one seems to be in a hurry and folks usually order a cocktail or a glass of wine with their meal. The service is friendly and prompt. Each server I have had has always been very helpful in suggesting wines or deserts. There is a patio on the front of the house, where i have only sat once, but it seems to be pretty full on the nights that I walk in. There are only 2 restrooms in the restaurant, so if you drink too much water or a few beers and need to use the facilities, chances are you will have to wait in line outside of these one person restrooms. Unfortunately, these are right by the small bar downstairs, so sometimes it is a little awkward to have to stand very close to tables and bar patrons while doing the Pee-Pee dance. BUT if you don't use the restrooms here, I suggest you take a peek in that direction anyway because there is something that seems a little out of place here.. The typical "Women's and "Men's" signs are replaced by wood pieces in the shape of dogs. There is only one difference in between the two doggy signs. I will let you decide on what you think that may be... 

OK, enough potty talk.. for the good stuff. The food! I will admit, I have only had 2 different entrees here because my favorite is hard to stray from. It is... drum roll please... the Applewood Smoked Bacon-Wrapped Gorgonzola-Stuffed Filet. BAM! Who's hungry now?! I absolutely adore it! It has to be their most popular menu item at dinner, if I had to guess. I have also ordered the Black Bean and Chile Chicken Tortila and that was also very delicious! A little smaller of a portion and extremely inexpensive. My favorite appetizer here was probably the Baked Goat Cheese with Sun Dried Tomatoes as I am a big fan of goat cheese. 

The food is so affordable here also. Entrees range in price from about $10 - $22, with the filet I mentioned being the most expensive (but worth it!). 

I highly recommend 300 East for a 1st date or a special occasion with close friends and family. Try other menu items if you must, but I don't think you will be unhappy with the Gorgonzola filet!笑
Overall a good experience but kind of average. Tastless coffee and forgetful server though. Super friendly staff. It can get a little noisy but they have some tables outside. Favorite thing about this place is the farm fresh eggs. The yolk is really dark as good quality eggs are. Trust me you can taste the difference.  French toast and bacon were delicious. My husband said the grilled shrimp bacon pennine was amazing.  Not my top brunch place but good option if you live in the area.笑
Tucked away in an old house in Dilworth, 300 East is one of those Charlotte institutions that I'd never before visited, despite my being a QC native. This situation was rectified last week when we dropped in for a dinner with a friend. 

I immediately liked the place. I love restaurants in old houses, and 300 East is cozy without being uncomfortable. The decor is charming, with lots of gourds, beans, and such worked in. By the way, your first visit to the bathroom will be amusing.

Service was friendly and attentive (and, incidentally, attractive). We started with the pimento cheese appetizer, which was delicious. For my entree, I ordered the chicken green chili tortilla--again, tasty. Our friend's fusilli with Italian sausage was the best thing at the table. Now I know what I'll order next time. Don't you love it when things are easy like that? Oh, and the prices were downright reasonable.

I think we'll be back to 300 East in the near future. I hear a certain Matilda Wong calling my name...笑
This place was great.  The food was delicious, good service, and they serve alcohol - how can you go wrong with that?  That being said, I find them a little on the expensive side for what you get, but I'd still go back here again.笑
Friendly staff who are knowledable about the food, yes! Farro dish with chicken, yes! Grass fed burger, needs something. Maybe a bit of a fatty meat mixed in for richer flavor? Great value for really good food. Coffee excellent. Desserts, excellent.笑
Excellent for dinner - Terrible for lunch.
$2.75 for a SMALL glass of sweet tea - refill never offered 
$6.25 for MAYBE a a half bowl of soup - which was disappointing because it tasted really good
$3.00 for a "side of kettle chips" - reality: a handful of Lay's potato chips

I'm giving 3 stars based on my overall experience... not just today's.  Again, excellent for dinner. 
I will not be returning for lunch.笑
Looking for a favorite reg. haunt, 300 East offers some great daily food and drink specials. We tend to visit on Wednesdays and Sundays, but since we live 2 blocks away, we are likely to drop in any time. As a vegetarian, I enjoy having plenty of options on the menu and we love to know much of the food is local.

As regulars, we are usually treated well by most of the staff, as with any place some are friendlier than others; the chef doesn't offer up a warm and fuzzy disposition and has barked at me once or twice. When we go for brunch, we sometimes request one of our regular menu items. It's odd that some days they will accomodate and other times they refuse. 

All in all, we appreciate being close to a place with a nice ambience and great food, but perhaps a little more attention to recognition of regular customers goes a long way in a small community.笑
Everything here was amazing. The service was fantastic! I'm only sorry we didn't make it for Brunch because I'm told it's even better! Can't wait to return.笑
We went for restaurant week and loved our dinner, which was really well executed and had great services. However, brunch was much more ho-hum, with a fussy server and mediocre quality. I like that it's in a cute, walkable area and parking isn't a nightmare.笑
Hands down one the coolest restaurants in charlotte! This place has fantastic good for foodies. I've never had a bad meal here at any time of day. The atmosphere is quaint and quirky. The service has always been impeccable and the servers always make great suggestions. The goat cheese appetizer is amazing as is the ravioli! Their brunch is quite amazing as well.笑
Atmosphere: We requested to sit in the front near a window since it was a fellow diner's birthday brunch. They kindly accommodated this request (made through a Yelp reservation). Unfortunately, the blinds didn't do a great job of blocking sunlight into a diner's eyes and the space was kind of chilly near the windows. I will say that the front window area feels more contemporary than perhaps the rest of the space, which feels like an old house. I like the front for that reason.

Food: We were there for brunch and the food was pretty underwhelming. The whole grain Belgian waffle was terribly bland. The bacon was delicious (ask for it extra-crispy!) and the grits dish looked good and my family member confirmed as much. The omelette was OK said the birthday boy - nothing terribly out of the ordinary.

Beverages: We did not partake since it was not yet noon on a Sunday, but I saw mimosas on the menu and would have enjoyed that. A fellow diner did rave about the drinks from a previous visit, so I would come back to try them. 

Service: We were watched over well, although our server made me feel a bit awkward. Not really sure why. The food took a pretty long time to arrive, but we weren't upset by that.

Overall: With so many great brunch options in Charlotte, I don't think I would return here for brunch (especially with no booze until noon!). I would return to try 300 East for happy hour or dinner since I heard the drinks are good. Otherwise, this is just nothing terribly exciting for me when compared to other options.笑
Quick recap: when it comes to brunch, this might be the best there is in Charlotte. Incredible food, good food portions, excellent service, amazing atmosphere. 

When you come here for brunch, you cannot go wrong with the French toast with bacon. Thick slices of bread covered in deliciousness. They use real maple syrup and the bacon is on point. 

If you're looking to try something different and amazingly rich, get the breakfast pizza. But keep in mind that this is a larger dish so have someone to share with. But this pizza is probably the most unique and bold brunch item I've seen around town. 

This place is reasonably priced, maybe even cheap for the quality and amount of food you get. I highly recommend this place for anyone looking for breakfast / lunch.笑
Went to brunch on Sunday, overall was very average. Boyfriend's Bloody Mary was good and service was attentive. We waited over 40 minutes to get our meal. He had the crab cakes Benedict which had a lackluster sauce over dry crab cakes. Breakfast potatoes are same as you get anywhere. I had the caprese salad which had a too small portion and was ok, nothing special. We were visiting from out of town so went there based on the reviews and found it very disappointing. I really wish people would be a bit more discriminating when leaving reviews, there should be an actual difference between restaurants that get 3, 4 and 5 stars. Not every single place you eat has to be "awesome" and "amazing".笑
I chose this place because of all the Yelp reviews and definitely was not disappointed. I had the grilled shrimp BLT panini and chose the breakfast potatoes as my side. I was very happy with my choice. My aunt ordered the grass fed hamburger and raved on how good that was too. My daughter got the cheese grit bowl and thought the grits were too cheesy. When I tasted it, I thought they must use a very sharp cheese or something. My mother had the wheat Belgian waffle. It actually was not a standard Belgian waffle size; it was more like 2 regular waffles the size of the plate. I liked it the place, so I will be going back when I'm in town. Be sure to make reservations before you get there.笑
300 East is a favorite place of mine for brunch!  Located right on East Blvd near South - you can park on the street (and there may be a back lot).  It is an old house that was converted to a restaurant - this causes the acoustics to be a bit loud.  

There is a bar downstairs where you can eat if they are too crowded to seat you for a bit.  When I was here recently I thoroughly enjoyed their special drink the 'Matilda Wong'!  It comes in a larger glass - formulated from their special mix.  It is addictive!  Perfect compliment to brunch - especially on a sunny day if you are sitting outside.

The outside patio area is small but there is a nice fountain and you can look out over East blvd traffic.  Very nice on a sunny day!

The food is very good - I always get the brunch specials.  The chef is always full of surprises.  Prices are very reasonable.  Service is super friendly and quick.  Love coming here!笑
Just returned from a disappointing brunch at 300 West.  Visiting from out of town & were so looking forward to a wonderful experience.  We ordered the specials - smoked salmon club & their frittata.  Our meals took almost 45 minutes to arrive.  We were informed the reason for the holdup was due to a rush & the kitchen got slammed.  However, we noticed other tables arriving after us receiving their food.  Go figure!?  When our food finally arrived, the bread on the smoked salmon club was dried out.  It seemed to have been sitting for awhile.  The frittata had as much cheese as egg & the lardons were'nt lardons, but large sausage-like chunks.  So wanted to have a wonderful Sunday brunch, but not at 300 West笑
Once again 300 East was our call when deciding where to eat. 
We had the Scollop Special that night, and a steak dish. Also a pimiento cheese & veggies appetizer. All were nothing short of perfect. Nothing else needs to be said on that. 
Finished up our meal with a ginger snap cookie ice cream sandwich, a wonder twist on two favorite ingredients. 
Service was helpful and attentive just as all servers should be. 
Overall 300 East has become our go-to night out place to dine.笑
Second time at this restaurant. The food is delicious. The staff is friendly and accommodating. The seared ahi tuna salad was yummy.笑
Just visited for the first time. Service was great, dining room was super cold on a hot summer day, so make sure to bring a sweater. Food was delicious. We all had French Onion Soup, flavors were fantastic. I had Farro Sauté go veggies, delicious. Very nice dish for a vegetarian/vegan. My husband had lamb ragu and he gobbled it up in no time. Kids ordered Man Baby pizza. We also had couple different ice cream sandwiches. Again, very good flavors. Enjoy the dinner and will be back for more.笑
1st time here - excellent service and great menu. The pimento cheese was the best I've ever had and my Asian Tuna Burger was delicious. Everyone loved their food and we are definitely coming back!笑
Another fabulous meal and great service at 300 East! Took friends from out of town and they loved it as well! 1/2 price bottles of wine on Sunday....everything we ordered was fabulous! Pork tenderloin, Hanger Steak...I tried the pumpkin seed, summer squash and bacon pizza...AMAZING!!!笑
We had a great experience tonight - delicious food - French onion soup and salmon. However, our server Hillary really made the experience extra special. She didn't even know that this is where my wife and I went on our first date a few years ago. Keep it up!笑
300 East always beckons to me when dining in Charlotte.  We live 60 miles away, but the drive is certainly worth it when a meal at 300 East awaits.  We ordered the Cod and Filet----each was divinely cooked!  I recommend this restaurant to all my friends.  My theatre group came here and were as impressed as I with the service, attention to detail, and certainly the delicious food.笑
We just love this quaint, romantic home-styled bistro with such delicious food! On a Sunday night, the restaurant was very nearly empty (there was a Panthers game), and we got top notch service (from Melanie?) who recommended a wine that she clearly knew and told me to save the cork, which would sparkle when it dried (I looooved the wine and she was right!) the bathroom male/ female dogs threw us for a momentary loop but sparked a conversation and good laugh with fellow bathroom goers at the bar. We ordered the goat cheese appetizer, onion soup and filet mignon. Everything was really perfect. Such a perfect date night. This is now my favorite Charlotte restaurant.笑
Perfect option for a casual dinner.  Situated in a cute house in Dilworth.  300 East has a wide ranging menu, so everyone can find something they like.笑
Amazing service, classy-hipster-neovictorian vibe, a gluten free menu (delicious), and an even better regular menu (for my partner). Definitely a place to where we'll return. Go there, no worries about dress code, regardless of whether you're craving a romantic eve or a laid-back brunch. 5 stars, worth every one.笑
Very impressed! Ambiance, service, and food were fantastic. I will definitely be back sooner than later. I ordered the salmon seasonal farro and the mix of flavors had me savoring each bite. Love the house turned into restaurant look and the patio is great for nice weather.笑
300 East, Why do I love thee?
You're in my neighborhood. A great go-to restaurant for lunch or dinner. Can be casual or upscale.
I'm not there enough that you know me as a Regular, yet from the first visit, I'm always treated like one. 
Shame the bar is so small. I think its a.place I'd like to pop into for a drink, but there is never an empty chair when I'm there.
The food is good, menu quite creative, Fit for Foodies. The drinks are creative also. My only complaint is that the martini or manhattan that I usually order "up" comes with ice shards floating in it, which waters down the drink. 
Parking is easy and close.笑
Been here a few times and this is what I've learned:

-Dinner and brunch are different experiences for food quality in my opinion. Dinner is pretty good, but not as inventive and sometimes the meals are not cooked in a way which makes the food stand out. I had a steak overcooked once. Brunch on the other hand OH MY GOD. Amazing. One of the best places in Charlotte. It's hard to try new things as the 5 items I am used to are my absolute favorites.
*** it's difficult to parse out sometimes because it is inherently easier to be delicious as a brunch place. But I'm telling you the brunch is amazing.

-The old house that the restaurant is housed in is cozy, but very nicely done.

-Service has always been great.笑
Quaint location. Friendly service. 

The start and end were the highlights of the meal. House salad with Vinaigrette dressing to start was freshest I have had in a while.  Come to think of it, the only salad I have had in a while.  Note to self: eat more vegetables.  Finished with delicious desserts (Pumpkin Cheesecake & Callebaut Brownie are both excellent choices). 

A lot of interesting choices for Entree.  It was tough to choose something I recognized.  Went with Smoked Mozzarella Ravioli which was pretty good; but was definitely eclipsed by the dessert.笑
I have had dinner and brunch here and both times were great. I got a special Ravioli with roasted kale that was really good and also unique. 

I highly recommend the Crab Benedict for brunch. It was cooked perfectly!笑
Great Queen's Feast Deal! Included the first glass if wine which about 95% of restaurants do not do for Queens Feast. I had the baked goat cheese app and it was incredible and the baguette it came with was huge, could have made a meal out of just that. My friend had the hummus which came with a generous helping if pita bread but beware it has capers on top so if you're not a fan ask them to skip it. She had the sweet potato ravioli, one of their signature dishes and it was amazing! I had the Sesame salmon which was cooked to absolute perfection and the coconut brown basmati rice was delightful as well. I ended up bringing half of that home along with having them box my entire desert, orange and black sesame cheesecake (yummm)! I just couldn't stop with the goat cheese appetizer, it's a must. I also had the signature cocktail, the Matilda Wong, which comes in a 32oz pitcher, on special on Weds for $7.50, it was tasty (sweet) and a great deal. My friend had a specialty peach cocktail from their drink menu and she said it was fabulous also. Our server Tommy was attentive and adorable! We sat upstairs and it was lovely. Great ambiance and easy to hear, perfect for a relaxing visit. The regular menu looks fantastic, I will definitely be back!笑
We almost drove by it the first time around since it looks like someone's house. That's part of 300 East's charm; it feels like you're a house guest enjoying Sunday brunch or dinner with friends. There's a small outdoor patio space with a few tables out front. The entrance is a bit of a bottleneck since that's where the host stand is but also where people are coming in and out (both servers and patrons). It can easily get cramped with more than 4 people standing there waiting to be seated. Despite this, the host is very friendly and did his best managing the traffic.

I've been here twice, once for lunch and once for dinner during my current visit home. We were lucky enough to sit outside for lunch the first time around. My friend and I split the Housemade Spicy Pimento Cheese appetizer. Lots of cheese enough to take home for seconds. The crackers were regular saltine ones. We both enjoyed our salads. I tried the Mediterranean Chef while she had the Fall Salad. For dessert, we opted for the Callebaut Chocolate Brownie. It was moist and decadent. Our server had recommended the Butterscotch Ice Cream Sandwich which is their bestseller and I regretted not trying it since it was different and popular. 

Naturally I had to come back to try it...so I returned the next week with my brother for drinks, a "light" dinner, and dessert. It was definitely crowded for a weeknight but we were able to grab a booth inside on the second floor despite not having a reservation. There was a bit of a delay from when we were seated to when the server came to greet us but we weren't in any rush. We started with a round of drinks then split the Chesapeake Style Crab Cakes and a Spanish Pizza. The drinks also took a minute to arrive, which may have been a good thing to pace ourselves. The crab cakes came two pieces an order with a side of corn salsa and remoulade. The majority of the cake was moist crabmeat that was seasoned nicely. The pizza was also tasty...Gouda, Manchego, and Serrano Ham, oh my! Nice thickness in the crust and good ratio of chewiness too. We obviously had the Butterscotch Ice Cream Sandwich for dessert, which lived up to the hype. Man those chewy molasses cookies with the crunchy turbanado/raw sugar crystals on top did me in. Perfectly paired with the ice cream and the caramelized pineapple. I ordered a glass of the port wine while my brother took advantage of the 1/2 price Rose by the glass special and tried the one our server recommended went well with the dessert. Glad I went back for the dessert and enjoyed the entire dining experience all over again.笑
Quaint bungalow restaurant in Dilworth. Came here while in town based on good Yelp reviews. I was very pleased. I ordered the sweet potato ravioli with gorgonzola cream sauce (delicious!) and the butternut squash pizza. Both were amazing! Great ambience, great service!笑
This wonderful restaurant occupies a re-purposed historic home on Dilworth's East Blvd, and serves up a menu that's as memorable as the atmosphere. I made two visits recently, once for a dinner date with my wife, and a few weeks later for a business lunch.

For dinner, I enjoyed a delicious plate of Bronzed Sesame Salmon, with a side of browned rice and sauteed spinach. My wife absolutely loved her order of Grilled Hanger Steak, and both dishes were paired with a wonderful Pinot Noir from the restaurant's extensive wine list. The bar also has a terrific selection of local craft beers and cocktails.

When I went back a couple of weeks later for lunch, I enjoyed a fantastic Chesapeake Crabcake Sandwich, with a side of Corn Salsa. 300 East boasts a wonderful atmosphere for either a romantic dinner or a casual business lunch, and the service is as good as the food. Parking is conveniently located in a surface lot behind the building, but can get tight at lunchtime. 

I was thoroughly impressed on two visits here, and expect I'll be coming back more than a few times in the months ahead.笑
Best Hanger Steak I've had yet. In Charlotte of all places! So tender and flavorful.

The special of the day, Sturgeon, was really moist and flavorful also. Probably the first time I liked a spicy mango salsa on top of my food. And I was pleasantly surprised at how well they cooked the coconut rice! Next time I would opt to skip the $3 special starter (pasta with mushrooms) only because it was nothing special and the entree was big enough to fill me up.

The salmon was basted with what tasted like a sweet teriyaki glaze. Also good, but tasted very homemade, and I would try other items on the menu before returning to this one.

The brownie is gooey on the inside and topped with ice cream. I also liked the blackberry apricot cobbler which really tasted like peaches and cherries? Maybe I'm hallucinating, but in any case, both desserts were good and plates were licked clean in record time.

Minus one star because....I was not a fan of the complimentary bread, and the hummus was just decent. The main thing that bothered me was the noise level; I blame it on the half off wine special and the plethora of women who filled this place up, but the venue is fairly small and two stories and I had to yell to talk and lean over the table to hear anyone. Extra half star for the server being willing to split the bill to the exact penny!

Tip: Accepts AMEX. Make reservations and sit al fresco!笑
One of my favorite places to eat! I love the atmosphere and the food is very delicious and healthy. Thumbs up!笑
Hopefully we had a unique experience. I ordered the marinated tuna steak special. It was so salty it was inedible so I sent it back. They had a stuffed fillet on the menu so I figured I could get a fillet without the stuffing. I'm always suspicious of a great piece of meat being stuffed and covered. I was informed I could only get it stuffed. Hmmm are they getting the meat off the Sysco truck already stuffed? So I ordered another type of steak medium rare which arrived well done. Again so salty I asked them to leave a pitcher of water on the table. The veggies were visibly caked with salt as well. The wine was 'corked' 

For dessert I ordered a cobbler with a scone topping and a scoop of ice cream. They forgot the scone topping and ice cream. 

I really hope it was just a bad night for them but I have no intention of giving them another go.笑
Sweet potato ravioli, pork tenderloin, and filet are all absolutely delicious. This restaurant is by far the cutest in the dilworth area. It is reasonably priced and we didn't have to wait for a table. The service is excellent笑
I'm so excited about 300 East! They surprised me with some delicious vegan options. Hubby and I went here for the first time and we had a hard time deciding where to sit. Outside on the cozy patio under the trees with cool lighting, or sit inside in the house converted to restaurant. We decided to sit inside because I wanted to experience the ambiance of the restaurant.  We were seated upstairs at a 2 top table tucked away in a corner. The seating is limited inside so the place stays full but it doesn't feel crowded. It took our waitress a little time to get to us at first, but when she finally got to us she said she just finished washing a rum and coke off of her shirt. We gave her a second chance due to the drink spill and she was great for the rest of the visit. She even touched on one of my pet peeves by taking our entire order without writing anything down but she didn't miss a single thing.

I'm not sure if it was the Matilda Wong talking (small pitcher of mixed drink), but I had the best falafel of my life here. I had to leave off the tzatziki sauce because it contains dairy and the falafel was still so flavorful! The texture was great, not too dry and I have no idea what kind of seasoning they used but it was amazing. Add some lettuce, tomato, onion, and carrot salad to top it off. Perfection. Hubby had the streetcar veggie burger (minus pepperjack) and it was also very good.

Thank you 300 East, we will be back to see you soon!笑
Been there for lunch dinner and brunch. Very cozy two story house made into a cool restraint with a friendly little bar. The food is chef prepared and you will always find something different here. Well worth the trip to South End. Dress nice, this place has class as well as character. Outdoor seating is an option too. They pour a stiff drink so have one while you're waiting.笑
Ate here with my gf and our parents. It's a really cute place, though it is true that it is a little cramped and parking is chancy. However, we got first booth up the stairs which helped get us a little out of the way. And it wasn't too terribly loud, I would not call it quiet.

On to the food. We started with the hummus which rocked. 
For mains, I ordered the Roasted Butternut Squash Pizza. It was delicious. My mom got the fish tacos, can't recall what everyone else ordered though we all came away pleased. Definitely would go here again.笑
Efficient service and decent food. The snadwiches and coffee are great. However, it would not qualify as a true brnch place.笑
300 East is on East blvd.
East Blvd has streets that shoot off it and on those streets you can find 1 million dollar houses. The people that live on those streets think 300 East is very very nice. Well it is pretty nice. The food is solid, the service is great, and the atmosphere is very comfortable.

It must have been gay's night out, because there were tons of gay dudes there. Not that it bothered me at all, but moving out here last week from San Francisco, it was pretty interesting to see that in good ol' boy Charlotte. 

I had the sweet potato ravioli with gorgonzola sauce & walnuts as an app, and it was pretty good. The sauce was lacking gorgonzola in my opinion, and a tad over-priced for potatoes and dough.

Next was the entree: Hangar steak medium rare (cooked perfectly) with horseradish sauce, mashed taters and carmelized onions & asparagus. The food was dissapointingly cold, but pretty damn good. I polished that fu#@ing plate.

Vanilla ice cream on a brownie with carmel & chocolate syrup was also very good. brownie turned to mush and was freakin' splendid.

All in all, great place. Maybe pricey for the casualness, but delicious none-the-less.笑
If you haven't been to this restaurant you need to get here as soon as possible. Now I may be a little biased because when I ordered a drink and my waiter asked for my ID and saw how old I was he said, "Oh my goodness shut up. No way!" So yeah, I was already hooked cause who doesn't like having a waiter not believe how old you are? 

But seriously, I've been to this restaurant several times at different times of the day and the food is always on point. I learned about it through Restaurant Week and I'm so glad I did. I have nothing bad to say about this place, it's a charming gem in Charlotte and anything you order will be good.笑
The best service from melanie,  the wonderful lunch of pimento cheese spread, to top it off with fish tacos and shrimp tacos which were amazing. The finishing touches was dessert the homade cookies with homade butterscotch ice cream  carmelized pineappe.
Just the best ever, will go back there and bring more friends. Thank you for a wonderful experience笑
I love having brunch here on autumn Sundays with girlfriends! The eggs benedict is outstanding! I must say that the coffee is lacking in a big way - nothing worse than and amazing meal with a bad cup of joe. None the less the atmosphere is wonderful and every dish I've had is stellar. The old house makes for a lovely setting for a romantic evening for two, celebrations, or dinner with out of towners. With fantastic service and homemade desserts you can't go wrong with 300 East.

P.S. Don't forget to go for a walk after your meal - the neighborhood is so charming!笑
My family planned my 60th Birthday here... Our food was amazing however the service was not. This establishment knew well in advance that there would be at least 10 plus customers coming in our reservation and instead of putting some tables together so we could have my Birthday dinner together we all were put into three different booths... we were told that it was going to busy so that was the best they could do! However we had a very early dinner and the entire time we were there maybe 5 parties arrive none with more than 5 people.  My family, some of them, traveled 4 plus hours to celebrate with me we all were very disappointed and I am sure our bill was 700.00 plus  So if you are planning a special event this is not the place.笑
My husband and I went for a St Patrick's Day dinner.  It's pretty insane that we are both from Charlotte and we have never been to 300 east.  We got in and we're immediately seated and the waitress came to our table quickly.  We ordered a bottled of tasty wine.  I asked the friendly waitress what she recommended for appetizers, dinner, and dessert.  She strongly suggested the goat cheese with Nova bread.  UMMMM AAAAAMMMAAZINNNGGGG. We devoured it in 5
Minutes.  My husband got the st Patrick's day corned beef special and I went with the waitress' recommendation of the seared tuna salad.  I wasn't really sure what to get and I was indifferent about getting a salad for dinner.  Let me tell you.... it was delicious!  The corned beef special was good as well.  For dessert we got the brownie and it was really good.  We will definitely be back!笑
I thought I had already decided on my favorite restaurants in Charlotte but this one tops the list. I had the Za'atar Grilled Heritage Farms Cheshire Pork Tenderloin and cleared my plate clean. The bacon jam and mashed potatoes where phenomenal. We also had a mixed drink that had peach purée in it that was absolutely delicious.  I would highly recommend this as a place to celebrate a special occasion, take your friends or family if they're visiting or just to enjoy an amazing meal. Definitely coming back!笑
Really great atmosphere! Good thing we had reservations! It was packed at 3pm on a Sunday! Yummy food. I had the goat cheese salad with grilled chicken. Next time I hope I get to sit upstairs! Cool atmosphere!笑
This was our pick of many we researched for brunch. It really helped that it's a Diners Drive Ins and Dives location. We drove up and were immediately pleased by how adorable it was then we were not sure of parking. The parking lot in the back had tow signs everywhere and had reserved signs for another business but we called and the restaurant said it was fine to park there.
We walked in and it was packed but we put our name in and sat at the bar. We took advantage of their bloody Mary's and mimosas that were being offered. Really good! We also ordered a warm goat cheese dip to nibble on. It had roasted garlic and sundried tomatoes and was served with a baguette. It was delicious! Right as we wrapped up our drinks and appetizer our table was ready. 
We moved upstairs to our table that was in a dim lit area that was extremely cozy. Our sever greeted the table and explained a few of the specials. They had a stuffed French toast with blueberry ice cream and a sparkler. We almost went for it but I really wanted to try their grit bowl. Stone ground grits with 3-4 (can't remember) options for toppings but you could add more for 75 cents each. I ordered mine with queso fresco, crumbled chorizo (not greasy), tomatoes, chives and chilies. In all honesty I ordered too many toppings. I wish there would have been more grits. 
My husband ordered Belgium waffles with berries and vanilla maple syrup and locally sourced bacon. 
He loved it. I had a few bites as well and it was fantastic! All in all it was a great meal!!!! I would highly suggest it!笑
a solid dining experience was had 3.5 -4 stars leaning on the four side. 

We had a group of six - I suggest reservations as Saturday was pretty busy. Started with the warm goat cheese appetizer- wow delicious- a must try!

I had the special which was a petit filet, crab cake, and   smashed potatoes with a chive hollandaise sauce. It was pretty delicious and decently priced $23. The meat was a little cool and under seasoned but It was nothing  worth sending back. The crab cake was very good.

Service was nice and I highly recommend the Tilia Malbec !笑
The steak sandwich was to die for. Seriously. Perfectly cooked steak. Caramelized onions. Horseradish mayo that was not overpowering. I am drooling thinking about it. I had the potato salad on the side and it was also tasty. Their signature cocktail is also drool worthy, and ginormous, served in a mini 32 oz. pitcher. 

I flew in to Charlotte for a baby shower being hosted here, and the staff was very patient, friendly, and accommodating. I highly recommend this place for lunch, or for events. The baby shower was handled perfectly. They helped us set up and clean up, were on hand when needed, had great suggestions, and let us do our own thing when we wanted to as well.笑
I love the menu here.  It can get pricey.  We went for Valentine's day and I was excited to try out some of their menu offerings, but apparently they have a special Valentine's day only menu.  The food was great.  We'll probably go back, but only for special occassions笑
I had the Sonoma salad. The blue cheese dressing was Really good. My salad wasn't special. The chicken saved the salad.

300 East is probably a 3.5/4 to others, but this was my first time here and I was HUNGRY. NOT the place for a heavy lunch. No brunch on Saturdays. However the menu lacked in entree options. If you're in the mood for salad OR a sandwich, this is your place for lunch.

Service was pretty good. I saw mimosas were $4.50 on special on Sundays. The price wasn't on the menu. So I asked the waitress how much they were. Her response: "Full price". While I was thinking, "No sh*t Sherlock" I politely asked what full price was. She didn't know, but eventually found out. All of the other drinks had prices on the menu. Service was great aside from that. She was nice and quickly responded to any request. 

Overall, I didn't think my meal was worth what I paid, including the two mimosas.笑
Did not love this place but I can see why people do. It is quaint and comfortable. We did not have a res and they got us in super quick anyway. I had the crab cakes benedict, one was crab cake the other was potato pancake. I could be mistaken but I don't think the menu made that distinction. On the plus side, I liked the potato cake better. The crab cake was very fishy, dry and lacked flavor or flair although full of crab to their credit. The coffee was excellent. My husband had the shrimp and grits, it was a wonderful choice. Generous and succulent. Not a deal breaker but no side plates for your coffee spoon, only could put it on the bare table and the waitress was gone for long periods, letting empty creamer trash to pile up on our very small table.笑
Came here for a special dinner with my family. We had 7 and were seated upstairs. It was a little cramped, as there was a support beam right against our table, but that's what happens when a restaurant is in an old home. The decor is quirky and the place is really unique. Everyone's food was quite good and the price was reasonable (if not on the cheaper end for the good food quality) Service was friendly and fast. Will definitely return!笑
This is a fun fun place to have lunch or dinner. My favorite is the fall salad. Love the goat cheese! Great atmosphere and ambiance. It's a 1830's bungalow converted into a very nice resto. The outdoor seating of the bar are my favorites. If at the bar do try a "Wong". It is an amazing drink and conversation piece. Great food in a very pretty location try it!笑
Great spot for lunch. Cozy indoor seating and a small outdoor seating area that I prefer in warm weather. I love their Avocado BLT and Shrimp BLT Panini- great lunch options that pair well with their pasta salad, potato salad, or chips!笑
Decided to visit for lunch today with my husband and waitress set the tone of the meal from the start.  Don't know her name, she never introduced herself, but was not very pleasant.  It was busy and there was a private event upstairs & large table down so I chalked it up to just being overwhelmed.  Waited 1 hr + for my salad & hubby's fish tacos which came with 2 grilled shrimp each & the side was mixed greens which looked more like a garnish.  Very disappointing lunch on a rare day we get to spend together and will not be going again.笑
This is one of my favorite places in Charlotte.  Farm to table, menu changes seasonly and is always amazing. There is not one bad item on the menu but I do suggest 'The Usual' and the 'Avocado BLT'笑
First time there and I was impressed. An old house turned into a restaurant- very quaint! The ambiance is romantic and would be great for a date or even dinner with a friend. I got the seared Ahi Tuna salad- AMAZING. Wait staff was quick and knowledgable. I will definitely be returning!笑
What can I say? EVERYTHING was amazing. We came on Valentine's Day, which is normally amateur night but this place nailed it. Our food was amazing and our server, Melanie, made it that much better. She was informative, knowledgable, SO sweet...she offered to take our picture. Most servers hate doing that (I worked in the industry for 15 years). We will absolutely be back and definitely be requesting Melanie as our server! She's the best!笑
Tried 300 East for brunch and loved the food and atmosphere! The French toast and breakfast burrito did not disappoint. I will definitely be back again. Tip: reserve a spot on opentable - we were seated right away even when the house was packed.笑
The house has a nice ambience. All the dishes had a great presentation & the service was 5 star.  The guac appetizer needs a few more chips for the portion.  Crab cake was looking for a little more crab & little less breading.  The steak was prepped well.  Tried the butterscotch ice cream sandwich.  If it was butterscotch the molasses cookie overwhelmed the butterscotch flavor.  The carmelized pineapple is tasty & would've have loved to have more.  It was literally not enough for a bite for 1 person.  it was a peanut M&M sized portion so splitting it w/another person was a trick.笑
Me and my lady love trying places we've never been to before and 300 East was one of those places. 

Atmosphere: +A
(The lighting and decor were nice. The background music was tasteful. We were in a nice little booth upstairs)

Food: A
(My steak was amazing. Cooked to perfection. My lady ordered the pizza and she enjoyed it but did mention it was a bit on the oily side)

Beer selection: B
(I do like that they're local, however I do wish the styles of beer were of more variety. Like maybe not 2 IPAs, a pale and basic lagers. Let's get a stout, a porter, maybe a brown ale I don't.) 

Our waiter...... C+
Now before you see that C and hate me for it let me explain. This waiter was kind, pleasant and generally a nice guy. He presented himself and the restaurant very professionally. However, every single time he came to our table he always tried to up sell us. "Can I get you guys some guacamole while you decide what you would like?" or "i could bring you guys some hummus while you wait on your food" are not bad in of themselves, but after hear those kind of things several times me and my date started to feel a bit guilty. We felt a weird pressure like we were bad customers because we wanted to keep the meal under 50 bucks. Remember though, he was really nice fella but the aggressiveness of the need to raise our bill so he can get a bigger tips was a bit off putting.笑
Sigh okay so I'm not sure how really to review this place... I was tempted to give it 2 stars but I think to myself was it really THAT bad. The answer is no, it's just so very underwhelming. Maybe it's because we went for restaurant week, but not a single thing were we overly impressed with. The best thing we had was the half chicken, at least in my opinion. On to dinner... we started with the goat cheese crostini appetizer and a salad. The salad was good but nothing out of the ordinary and same goes for the other appetizer. Oh we also got a glass of wine with the 3 courses and we both got the Cab which was not all that drinkable to me. It was pretty sweet for a cab and tasted a touch vinegary like it had been opened for awhile. For our main course we ordered the steak and the half chicken. The half chicken was good but didn't wow me and I did not like the steak at all. I literally gave my piece back. He thought the steak was fine but not good enough to make him want to come back. Desert was brownie and bread pudding. Both good but forgettable. That basically describes the whole evening forgettable. The only reason I will remember is because our server was weird. I can't quite put my finger on it but he was fairly attentive and handled things well so it wasn't bad service it just felt a bit like we were being served by a robot. Almost like his body was there working but his brain was elsewhere. All very hard to explain. Again it was good service just uncomfortably impersonal.笑
Some friends and I hosted a baby shower at 300 East and had the BEST experience! We looked at having it at several places but one conversation with Mike at 300 East sealed the deal for us.  He was extremely helpful and responsive through the planning process and we were given a wonderful open area upstairs to gather.  Plus, unlike many Charlotte restaurants (read Amelie's), they did not charge us for the space! I highly recommend 300 East for a special event and will definitely host one there again.笑
We came in for brunch and was seated right away thanks to opentable. Placed orders in but had to wait 45 mins on food. I ordered their special, pork belly sandwich with fried grits, but the sandwich buns were burnt and harden. Told the waitress to take it back. The re-placement buns were a lot better. Food was okay, wouldn't say good, more on the mediocre side. First and last visit.笑
Upstairs is much louder than down.  It's winter, & a view of the uptown skyline was nice.  

The prices are reasonable.  The meat/fish portion of the entree is a good size, but the sides are smaller, so it seems like not a lot of food.  

The Pork Tenderloin was absolutely delicious with a great smoky grill flavor with a wonderful reduction with it.  The salmon was cooked to my order of medium & was very good. 

The brown rice is super bland, but well-cooked, the green beans were cooked well, not mushy, not too crunchy.  The Potato Pancake & Kale side was good.  The Kale was really well-seasoned, but the Potato Cake was a bit thick for my taste although it tasted good. 

A decent & affordable wine list.  

Matt? was super friendly & helpful.笑
Great experience at 300 East!  We had the Marinated Goat Cheese with Sundried Tomato and Garlic... it was fabulous.  It looks pretty basic but is packed with flavor!  

My wife had the Ahi Tuna Salad and I had the burger with Onion Marmalade and Horseradish Cream.  Very good.  They follow the rules so they couldn't cook it medium rare.  Can't wait for that law to go away because the flavors in this would be great if the flavor wasn't grilled out of the meat!  

We had a Warm Chocolate Brownie and it too was great.  It was 100 degrees that day so we opted for inside.  This is the perfect place to have a dinner or brunch outside if the temp is right.

Tip : Wednesday is 1/2 Bottles of wine.  They have a great Sangiovese.笑
I have visited 300 East twice in the past year and have been impressed by the service and quality of food both trips.

On my first outing to this beautiful restaurant, I ordered their fish tacos and shared bread pudding with my date. This was my first fish taco experience, and, because of it, I'm now a fan. The bread pudding was amazing, having the perfect soft but not mushy texture and sweet but not saccharine flavor. It was so good that I ordered it again on my second visit.

When I returned, I ordered the special, trout, which may have been the best fish I've had. It was almond crusted and served with a sweet butter sauce. My date ordered an Asian fusion salad with strips of seared tuna; I helped myself to a few bites of her dish and loved the subtle combination of oils and dressings used, the lightness of the tuna, and the freshness of the greens.笑
Just ok. food was fine but not good. Really loud in the seating area. Wouldn't come back.笑
We were driving through Charlotte and only had time to stop at one restaurant. We chose 300 East based on the positive reviews. 

The service was fast and friendly, but the food did not live up to the 4 star rating. We ordered the Spanish Pizza and Pork Entree (vanilla bourbon soaked with corn bread waffles) and were severely underwhelmed by both. The pizza was poorly executed. The crust was cooked but didn't taste like it (except around the edges), the "jamón serrano" was thick and hard and the sauce was from a can. The pork was perfectly cooked, but the vanilla bourbon marinade was overpowering. 

The atmosphere is okay - not impressed.笑
One of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. I am obsessed with the house style inside and decor is great.  My food of choice is always the pork tenderloin, it is so tasty.  I also LOVE the grass fed burgers.  Wonderful!!!  I really just love it here. It makes me feel good.笑
The food was good as it usually is. We got Roasted chicken with brocolli and mashed potatoes and french onion soup as an appetizer. The food isn't out of this world, but worth the price and quality is worth a trip to check it out .Waiter could have been a little more
Enthusiastic.  Overall cool & hip atmosphere for an evening out.笑
This place is the best - one of the first restaurants I went to when I moved here from Connecticut.  Its quant inside and they have a great wholesome menu to choose from.  Small portions but this isn't a place you go to gorg yourself.笑
This is one of the better places in Charlotte for good food and nice atmosphere.  The food is above average to great depending on what you get.  I like the Salmon.  There is also a nice outdoor space during the warmer months.笑
Outstanding experience at 300 East! 300 East is a quaint, southern style restaurant with a romantic, cozy atmosphere. We had the chips and guacamole for an appetizer, sesame salmon with steamed spinach over rice & crab cakes with mashed potatoes and French green beans as entrées, and bread pudding for desert. Everything was excellent! The price was very reasonable, especially considering the quality of food! I was very happy! And to top it all off, we had the best waiter! I can't remember his name, but he was friendly, attentive, and very quick - which is saying a lot considering he had the entire upstairs to himself! Well done 300 East... Well done! This was my first visit, but it sure won't be the last!!笑
We don't head down into Charlotte itself too often, but this Restaurant Week left us with a desire to explore outside out comfort zone in Lake Norman (plus the fact that we've hit every location in Lake Norman that participates in Restaurant Week.) 300 East's menu sounded pretty good, and the fact that wine was included with the meal made it a must. We made reservations via Open Table and then headed down last night to chow down.

300 East is a small little restaurant that is quite cozy. We arrived on time and were promptly greeted and seated. The dining area has some tight quarters so it was louder than I would have liked a nice restaurant to be. Our server was kind of "meh" in that he didn't really have much personality and seemed rushed, which is very possible with it being Restaurant Week and the place was packed to capacity. 

I didn't glance at the main menu since we were there for Restaurant Week, but that particular menu was pretty solid. For wine I got the Pinot Grigio and the miss' had the Merlot. Both were pretty good, considering they were probably not the best in house since they were being included with the meal. 

For an appetizer I went with the crab cakes, and they were pretty good. I got two decent sized cakes that were definitely more crab than filler, which is always a good thing. They weren't too heavy either and came with a tasty sauce, roasted corn (which was an excellent topping to go with the crab) and some lettuce. It was a good appetizer and a great way to start the meal. The miss' went with the hummus, and her portion was huge. They gave her a generous bowl of hummus that was pretty darn good, and it came with some carrot and celery sticks and a ton of hot, fresh pita chips. The pita and hummus combo was really good, and I almost liked the hummus more than the crab cake. 

For dinner I went with the hanger steak. This bad boy was cooked to perfection (medium rare) and had a great overall flavor. I never had hanger steak before so I can't compare to previous meals, but it was slightly tough...not as tender as a ribeye would be. The steak was smothered in a horseradish sauce that wasn't bad at all, but very good. I was nervous about it since I'm not a huge fan of horseradish, but it was such a light note to the overall sauce that I enjoyed it. The steak was also topped with some onions, and that always makes a steak better! The steak came with mashed potatoes that were decent but nothing to write home about. BUT THE GREEN BEANS!!! I don't think I've ever ranted about a green veggie, and I doubt the next time will come too soon, but these damn green beans were freaking fantastic! They were cooked perfectly for me, and still had a firm snap to them. They were cooked in some kind of salt/butter/garlic sauce that was simply divine. The butteriness of the sauce definitely made it feel a bit sinful, but hey, I was eating veggies and loving it, so it's all good. 

The miss' had the sweet potato ravioli, and talk about sinful, these things were like a cheesy, creamy paradise. The ravioli themselves had a perfect texture to them, and the potato filling was great. The sauce was the kicker, and it was a rich, creamy, heavy gorgonzola-based sauce. We both agreed that it was tastetacular, but at the same time it was too much. There was so much sauce it was almost like a soup, and it was so rich that she couldn't eat too much of it before feeling full. If there was less sauce for the ravioli to swim in it would probably be a much better dinner option.

For dessert I ordered the white chocolate brioche pudding, and this thing was great. It was a lot more custardy than other bread puddings I've had down here, so I think I was missing the texture of other bread puddings. Yet the flavors were spot on, and as I ate more of it and thought of it more like an actual pudding I enjoyed it more. The white chocolate flavor ran throughout, and the dessert was topped with these tiny espresso chips that brought a snap to the dish. The miss' went with the sweet potato cheesecake which wasn't overly rich, as far as cheesecakes go. The sweet potato flavor was great, and it was topped with these tasty crispy sweet potato crispy to offer some texture. 

Despite a few minor issues, 300 East provided a solid dining experience. I wouldn't be against a return visit at all, but with it being out of the way for us I don't know when we would make it down again. One last note...be careful when going to the restroom. It's a sneaky riddle you must solve in order to know which door leads to the men's and which is for the women-folk.笑
When you get to Charlotte you better plan a dinner at 300 east! Make sure you get a reservation. We were lucky enough to walk up at 8:00p on a Friday and get a table outside. 
The service is excellent. The staff is fabulous. This place is a true gem. It is a bit high end so dress appropriately. 
We enjoyed the sweet potato ravioli with Gorgonzola ravioli. The roasted chicken dinner and the shoyu salmon. Each dish was extraordinary.
I highly recommend a visit to this restaurant.笑
Not very impressed, unfortunately.  Maybe we ordered wrong for a Saturday lunch (note: no brunch menu offered on Saturdays), but my black bean and green chile chicken tortilla came divided up into individual sectors of beans, chicken, cheese, with a slice of avocado on top--it was a weird DIY burrito, essentially, and lacked any sort of spice or flavor.  My girlfriend's pimento sandwich was decent but nothing special.  The iced coffee was terrible (definitely yesterday's old coffee refrigerated overnight).  

I also rarely notice something as simple as paint, but it was impossible not to here--we came on an incredibly sunny day, but they sat us upstairs and the tacky dark mauve color scheme just sucked all the light out of the air somehow.  The sun was shining and the windows are plenty big, and yet it felt like we were eating in grandma's basement decorated in the 70s.  A new, lighter paint job would make it so much more pleasant!

Extra star for very friendly service from the waitress upstairs--but I'd pass otherwise.笑
Food was good. I had a very annoying light coming thru a window shade which they could not correct but they did try. I most certainly would go back. My wife and her mother both enjoyed their food too(salads).service was quite good. Reasonably priced.笑
Amazing atmosphere, delicious food,  and just a great experience all together.  My wife and I have been a couple times, and every time we are amazed by this place.  

First of all, it's located inside a renovated old home, which is quite cool to begin with.  Right when you walk in you are somewhat taken back by how the house was renovated inside for this restaurant.  We have only sat upstairs, which was fun as the whole house is open and you can see downstairs.  Great people watching :) 

The food was amazing.  Farm to table is a bonus.  Everything we have had thus far has been spot on and delicious.  Delicious deserts as well.  Great beer menu.

The only negative comment I can give is about the service.  It wasn't bad, per se, but it wasn't excellent.  A couple times we were wondering where our server went.  She would show up eventually.  I am not sure if this is because the place is kind of a maze, and kind of tight seating, so it's tough to get around. Or maybe they were short staffed, I am not sure.  

Overall, despite less than perfect service experience, I still give this place 5 stars.  It's original, delicious, and a gem in the Charlotte restaurant scene.  We will be back and we will be recommending to many.笑
This was our first time here and visited the day before Valentine's Day to celebrate.  We LOVED everything about it.  The Matilda Wong drink was so good and perfect to share.  The sweet potato ravioli appetizer was amazing and I'm going to daydream about it often.  I had the half chicken and my husband the gorgonzola stuffed filet. Both entrees were great.  The dessert we had was a dark chocolate cake/peanut butter mousse heaven and was a special that night.  The service and atmosphere were also great - we can't wait to go back!笑
This place has everything you could possibly want: a great atmosphere, delicious food, a diverse menu, a bar, and a decent staff.  On top of that it's in an amazing location!  I no longer live in Charlotte but I don't go back without eating at 300 East.

One of the first things you'll notice about 300 East is its charm.  The restaurant was converted out of an old house.  It may sound weird, but it works!  The space has two levels and is very authentic.  There is also an outdoor seating area that is perfect for summer evenings.

When you open the menu you'll find that there are some unique options to choose from.  They're all delicious.  My favorite is the usual.  That's what it's call: The Usual.  It's some of the best chicken salad I've ever had!

Of course they have a good selection of alcoholic beverages to choose from.  And like the neighborhood itself, the liberal, off-beat staff is happy to recommend something for you.

If you're the type of person who appreciates charm, authenticity, and good food, then go to 300 East!  You can thank me later.笑
We were seated outside upon our request, we arrived on a Sunday, it was in the early evening, it was very peaceful and relaxing outside, this place has a very unique character about it, the food was outstanding, I will be certainly back again!!笑
300 East is a great stop. I've only eaten here once but I enjoyed it so much I plan to be back many times. The food is great, the atmosphere is phenomenal, and the staff is amazing. It's a place that is worth trying. Even if you don't love it as I did,you will find the experience to be a good one. 

If you go, make sure you visit the bathroom for a good chuckle. How do you know which is the men's and which is the women's. ;-)笑
Came here for an early dinner with friends.  I arrived early but wasn't able to get a table because they required your whole party to be present.  Womp womp.  So I headed to the bar.  It was a shift change and neither the current or incoming bartender seemed interested in helping me.  Doulbe womp womp.  

Two other members of our party arrived but we were still missing one so we weren't able to be seated.  We ordered the pimento cheese appetizer.  It was good but I wish there was more pimento cheese and more dippers. . just. . .more.  The highlight of night was the Matilda Wong, a monster of a cocktail served in a pitcher.  It was absolutely delicious.

Once we were seated I ordered the crab cake.  It came with mashed potatoes and the vegetable of the day which was broccoli.  The plate itself was fairly uninspired but all the food tasted good.  I wasn't wowed by anything.

Overall the experience was just ok.笑
Really I could give them 5 stars for atmosphere and food because I have been here for brunch, lunch and dinner and have never been disappointed. 

I had to knock them down one star for my most recent visit, only because the service was a little chaotic.

Let me start by saying that I love 300 East.  It has a charming atmosphere, one that you would expect to see in Charleston.  They have a creative menu, different than any other restaurant in Charlotte and they are very reasonably priced.  I really have not had a bad thing here.  They are somewhat of a staple in the Dilworth area of Charlotte so the have the ability to attract people from everywhere!

My most recent visit was yesterday for brunch.  The specials sounded divine!!  They offered a PB&J stuffed French toast!!  I follow them on FB so I see all of the daily specials and they sound heavenly every single day!  The whole brunch menu is just fabulous and pretty much covers all of your cravings.  They have all the basics, the benedicts, French toast, salads, wraps, soups, appetizers and then some of their more creative concoctions.

My order was pretty basic--scrambled eggs, fruit, and bacon.  My friend ordered the French toast and literally licked her plate clean.  One thing I thought was interesting is the waitress asked us how we wanted our scrambled eggs:  Soft, medium or hard.  I can honestly say I have never been asked that before so I went with "hard."  The eggs came out to my satisfaction so I guess that was the right answer!

The issue with this visit, as I mentioned earlier, was the service.  We sat there for about 10 minutes without being greeted, the drinks took FOREVER to arrive, we ordered an appetizer and it never came, I ordered hashbrowns for my side but I got a bagel, etc, etc etc.  I think it is so cool when servers can go from memory and not write anything down...but it quickly becomes uncool when their memory fails them and they botch the whole meal----ie, MY experience.  She was very apologetic and offered us a free mimosa or in this case orange juice with a splash of champagne but I really didn't want that and so it just sat there, wasted, unfortunately.  

It isn't a big deal but it was a little annoying--no manager involvement, which I would have expected at a place like 300 East but again--no big deal.  They were super busy and so these things happen.  I still love them, no hard feelings but let's not let this happen again!!笑
Outstanding service, well prepared and delicious food, 30-40ish clientele, great vibe and real Charlotte treasure.  I've been dining at 300 East for years and it always exceeds my expectations.  6 of us dined to celebrate a friend's birthday and had a great time.  Our server Matt, with dark hair, was hands-down the reason.  The best server in Charlotte.  He made the best recommendations, never made us wait, accommodated us at every request and was attentive to every detail including making sure we had cold water before we even sat down!  This guy is a pro in my book.  300 East will ALWAYS be right up there with the best on my list.笑
One of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. Everything I have tried on the menu is delicious and their desserts are fantastic!笑
After hearing so many great things about this place from fellow Yelpers, we decided to check it out last night. Came around 6:30pm on a Sunday and there was ample seating inside and outside. Since it was a gorgeous day, we grabbed a seat outside.

On Sundays, wine bottles are 50% off, so we split a bottle of wine. Very good Syrah!

Since we were so hungry, we immediately put in an order for hummus. The hummus came out very quickly and was a very nice portion. Lots of pita and veggies! The hummus was great!

For our meal, we decided to split a Crab Cake appetizer and the Roasted NC Shrimp main meal. The Crab Cake appetizers were 2 nice size crab cakes with a corn salsa and aioli like sauce. They were probably the highlight of the meal! Full of crab meat!! The Roasted NC Shrimp came out next (they brought a second plate for me, since we split it), About 5 decent size shrimp, a few raviolis, and a ton of shrooms and asparagus. I absolutely loved the mushrooms they used! The goat cheese in the raviolis was also very nice. Wasnt a huge fan of the sauce though.....suuuuper lemony. Maybe a bit too much lemon for our taste. The dish was still very nice, nonetheless. 

We don't normally order deserts but decided to get the Butterscotch Icecream Sandwich, since it was most recently featured on Diners, Driveins, and Dives. A-Mazing!!! The pinapples were so delish! I could have just eaten a bowl of the pineapples! The butterscotch sauce on the plate was so good that we kept just eating it with our fingers. The cookie was perfectly soft. Man, that desert may become the death of my weight loss plans!!

Excellent experience and can't wait to return!笑
I've been here several times and really enjoyed it. Their salads seem to be what I gravitate to but it's all great food in a very cool environment. I also appreciate their working with special diets too because several of my friends have dietary issues and they were super accommodating. Def a great place to try.笑
Would love to give this place 4 or 5 stars - the food is really good - BUT service is SO so slow every time I go.  Today for brunch we waited 40 minutes for our food.  The waiter warned us that there was a large party upstairs and that it may take awhile to get our food. I appreciate the warning and it would be one thing if this was a one-off occasion but every time I've come here it's been a long wait to get our food - even during non peak times.笑
We are new to Charlotte, so were driving around for a brunch place, when we found this spot on Yelp.

We stopped by and asked how long is the wait and the answer was..."1.5 hours!" But I saw empty table outside so asked if we can sit there (it was a rather cold day). They responded positively.
Service was impeccable, food was super delicious. I will be happy to come back here笑
Great dinner and service - the pizza is amazing - probably my new fav place for pizza in charlotte, try the wtf...really, so good. The seasonal summer salad was banging, the port cherries are delicious paired w the goat cheese and grilled chicken. My friends got the roasted chicken and fish tacos and loved it. Looking forward to going back - we sat outside, really cute ambiance.笑
Worst server experience! Our service spoke 100 miles a minute and would walk away before we could even respond. He gave us away to another server with out even saying so to us. We were never introduced to the new server and only found out after we sat for 15 minutes with empty glasses and plates. When we asked what happened to our server the new server said "oh he passed y'all onto me, sorry I didn't know u were in w rush.!" So rude! I've been a server in fine dining for a period of 10 years before I was in my current profession. Never would I be so rude, absent, and dismissive! I will never go here again! We were never checked on to see if our food was correct, which it wasn't. We got so tired of waiting we just ate it. NEVER AGAUN笑
We were in Charlotte just for a night and found 300 East through Yelp. It was within walking distance and had great reviews, so we decided to try it out. We didn't have reservations for our party of 5, but they were able to get us seated in 5 minutes. We were promptly greeted by our energetic waitress who brought us waters right away which was great since we were a little warm from our walk in the heat. It was restaurant week, so they had an additional menu where you could choose a glass of wine, appetizer, entree and dessert all for $30. The portions were generous- they didn't seem to skimp on food if you ordered the Restaurant Week menu. 
We loved the goat cheese dip appetizer!! Warm, tasty, lots of garlic cloves (YUM!) and warm bread. We chose both the flank steak and the burger for our entrees. The steak was perfectly cooked to our liking (medium), had a lovely sweet sauce on top, mashed potatoes, and tasty grilled vegetables. The burger was good! Nothing out of the ordinary but cooked to our liking (med-well) and the guacamole was a perfect addition. 
We opted for the brownie and ice cream dessert. The brownie was warm and it had a nice presentation with whipped cream and caramel sauce. Perfect ending to a great meal! Our waitress was so attentive, always made sure our water classes were full, and checked to make sure we were happy with our food. Next time we visit Charlotte, this will be on our list for restaurants!笑
Unique place in historic dilwoth home. Unique menu with local options. Friendly non-corporate vibe. Most importantly great food!  Only negative is its loud and temps can vary to extremes but this is part of the charm of its location.笑
Came for lunch and shared a burger. Love that you can order them medium rare, added grilled mushroom & leeks and avocado. Added kettle chips and an adult beverage. Service was excellent food outstanding. Very worth the stop.笑
We visited for the first time during restaurant week, overall we liked and will return. Our server was super nice and did a good job checking on us. I liked the atmosphere of a old house converted.

We had the baked goat cheese and it was awesome, the bread was fresh and the goat cheese with the garlic oil was great. I had the sweet potato ravoli. Now I'm not a huge sweet potato or Gorgonzola fan... But this was really good and the sauce was mild. The little creamy with sweet taste was perfect. My husband had a steak, the flavor was good but it was over cooked so that's why the 4 and not 5 star.

For dessert we had the brownie and was really good, you could tell they were fresh!

Look forward to trying their brunch笑
My favorite restaurant in charlotte! I have come to 300 East to celebrate birthdays, promotions, anniversaries, etc. It's in a quaint old Dilworth home so it feel like you are truly eating a home cooked gourmet meal. Be sure to make a reservation- if you dont, you might wait a while. The bar is full service so I've had appetizers and cocktails there while waiting for a table. The cocktails are unique and delicious. Appetizer- have to try the butternut squash ravioli (the sauce is so yummy they provide you a slice of fresh bread with it to soak up whatever sauce remains after you eat the ravioli). The baked goat cheese appetizer is also a must try. The goat cheese is baked with garlic and is spreadable on the bread they provide. Yum! Entrees- specials are always really good and different. Never the same. My favorite entrees are the crab cakes and the Gorgonzola filet. The crab cakes come with a delicious aioli and yummy chunky mashed potatoes. The filet is always a good choice and not overly expensive. Also comes with the mashed potatoes. Dessert- get the brownie sundae. Super chocolatey and served with homemade ice cream. The service is always impeccable. This place will always hold a special place in my heart for its charm!笑
Always a great staple.  Menu changes often and unfortunately some items you fall in love with are not always available. 
Great bartenders and wait staff.
Been going there for over 20 years.  Love this place and There Famous Matilda Wongs.  Only allowed two per person...yummy....笑
300 East is a very cute restaurant in a house tucked in Dilworth. The lady and I came here this past weekend (my first time!) for date night.

Appertizers: Baked French Onion Soup. Loved it. Lots of cheese and a good amount of onions and croutons. The lady kept stealing my spoon to get some more for herself! 

Entrees: I ordered the Bistro Salad and the lady ordered the Filet Mignon with Gorgonzola Cheese. Hey, I'm confident in my masculinity and sometimes I just want a salad!
Anyway, the salad was texturally interesting -- beets, pears, apricots, bacon -- the actual flavor was just alright. I enjoyed it, but don't think I will be making a repeat order.
The filet was so-so, and cooked more of a medium than the medium rare we requested. Some whipped butter was awkwardly served on top. I know this isn't a steakhouse, but if you're going to serve steak there still needs to be some presentation!

We split one of the Matilda Wongs ($11) -- very tasty! Be forewarned, its a sneaky drink. It goes down easy like any fruit drink, but this beverage has at least 3 liquors blended in. 

In short, I would have no problem coming again -- and updating my review -- but I think next time I might be sampling a few of their small plates (apps, soup, sandwiches, etc.) rather than entrees. 

Tip: The place started getting rather loud towards peak dinner time, I'd recommend coming earlier.笑
OK 5 stars, Why?  Coz, I just found my new guilty pleasure.  This was our(wife & I) second time to 300 East for Sunday brunch.  Like our first time we ordered our beloved Beignets -  what could go wrong with it, its a simple sweet, fried dough balls coated with powdered sugar with a side of some tasty peach compote.  just love it and this is a default option we choose.  Wife ordered the Eggs Benedict - again a simple looking dish, with two poached eggs on top of soft English muffins and super tasty hams, hollandaise on the top or on the side.  Simple, elegant and tasty breakfast/brunch plate.  Here comes the guilty pleasure part *drum roll* I forgot the name but its like a FULLY LOADED French toast, yes its a simple, old school French toast but damn did they make it the best tasting French toast ever (at least I ever had).  Literally this one is fully/over loaded.  Its basically  your regular French toast stuffed with mascarpone (loads of it), with caramelized peach (loads of it), blue berry, strawberry, choco syrup and couple other delicacy syrups like maple I think to make all the more alluring and regret yourself later for having it, oh yea atop is a delicious scoop of French vanilla ice cream and couple bacon strips on the side. this was a $14 bucks heaven, and is my new guilty pleasure.  Don't miss it!!笑
I hit this place up for Charlotte Restaurant week and I was pretty impressed! 300 East is located in this cute house and has a very nice atmosphere. Dim lighting, close together tables and warm colored walls. The waitstaff were good about filling up your water and also getting food to you in a timely manner.

I had the hummus, veggies & pita for my 1st course, followed by this phenomenal Winter Farro Salad, and finished off with some Rosemary-infused apple crisp. So amazing. The Farro Salad consisted of farro (a hearty, healthy grain) tossed with kale, butternut squash and mushrooms. There was just the right amount of oil and seasoning added to balance out the textures and flavors. Then the apple crisp- oh me oh my. The rosemary made all of the flavors in your average apple crisp pop. It was fantastic. Definitely recommend checking it out.笑
We went there to have a family brunch on a Sunday morning and we love everything about this place.

The service was great and the food was equally amazing - special mention of the Cajun shrimp and grits and the burrito. The mimosas were very refreshing too.

Like a lot of others restaurants in Dilworth, 300 East is also set up in a house and has a wonderful ambience.

I would definitely recommend this place.笑
300 East!! Take a stylishly refurbished house, add some great chefs and mix in some awesome staff. Now shake it like a cocktail. That's 300 East. What a cool and fun place to eat. Everyone that's working there seems like they're having a good time. Maybe it was the 80's dance party music on their Pandora station! Feel free to Safety Dance!

 Table for one please...no make that table for two because Matilda Wong will be joining me for lunch. Feeling self-conscious about drinking a 32oz cocktail with a single straw? Don't worry, the person sitting next to you has one too!

Sat in a really cool rustic pew with a great view of the dining room with hanging origami. My waitress was excellent.  The seared Ahi Tuna on my Salad was coated in toasted sesame seeds and cooked perfectly, nestled in mixed greens. Complements of won ton skins, avocado and a rice cake made for a very pretty presentation. There were three dressings, sesame vinaigrette for the salad, sinus clearing wasabi and a Shoyu Reduction. Over all it was very light and refreshing dish.

Unfortunately, this was my third lunch on a Charlotte Yelp tour and I didn't have room for dessert. The desserts really do sound amazing. Some really creative ingredients! Next time you will be mine Butterscotch ice cream sandwich!!笑
Yes, it's another Charlotte house restaurant. The tables are place closely together to say the least, but the food and service make up for it. Very friendly and knowledgeable servers. I've been for dinner a few times and once for lunch. The seared tuna salad is very good, but the grilled rice cake it comes with is a little strange. The burgers are flavorful as is the faro saute, which I've gotten with shrimp and just veggies.笑
I had a great experience at 300 East.
The menu had a good verity and the food was delicious! Everything tastes fresh and my husband and I were both very happy with our meals. The prices were also pretty decent, we will definitely be going back soon.笑
My boyfriend and I have been here this past Valentine's Day and the year before and have made the awesome decision to make it a tradition. We've only been seated upstairs which is a little tight, but everything else makes up for it. They do a special for Valentine's day that includes a 3 course meal and each course was literally perfect. The staff has always been wonderful as well. My boyfriend and I also love the atmosphere - very cozy and romantic. Can't wait to go back!笑
This restaurant was a great start for our stay in Charlotte. The menu options were plentiful and deliciously prepared. Great wine selection. Friendly service. Love that it is situated in an old house, which adds to the charm of the restaurant. I would definitely recommend it - for any casual or romantic occasion.笑
I was not excited about the current menu at 300 East.  However, the sweet potato ravioli appetizer served me well for a dinner entree.  Their wine list is quite adequate and the 1/2 off glass special on Monday was an added plus!   The staff were quick and polite, as always.  The atmosphere of the restaurant is quite cozy but comfortable.  I prefer being seated upstairs (where I always sit).  I especially look forward to a new menu and another visit so that I can grant them the four stars they deserve.笑
Wonderful spot for brunch!! They have indoor & outdoor seating. The service is fabulous and the food is 100% plate-licking good!!

Best tip about this place: make reservations before hand, the place gets packed!笑
This is one of Charlotte's special gems of a restaurant and one of my personal favs. Southern inspired, simple, soulful meals that are elegant, yet still remind me of something my mom cooked in our kitchen while growing up in South Carolina. You can't go wrong with the pork, chicken, or steak. Dinner entrees have always been great. Never tried any of the appetizers. The ambience and decor match the taste of the food. It's charming to say the least. Wish I could give it 4.5 stars, because it deserves it.笑
Well established Dilworth restaurant in an old house.  Casual, yet a  'nice' feel.  A great place to meet up with friends, and also a great date place.   Easy going, yet can feel intimate (probably the lighting).  Food is very good, with many interesting specials.   I love their blackbean and chicken tortilla ( think salad/beans/avocado/salsa open face on tortilla).  Salad dressing are homemade and excellent.   Few places make a better classic balsamic vinaigrette.   If I haven't been for while, I always wonder why I stayed away so long.笑
Have the smoked mozzarella ravioli which hit the spot. I was not super hungry so this was the perfect option. I was sat almost right away, thanks to making a reservation. The people ahead of us were told there was a 45 minute wait. I am glad I called earlier in the day. I saw some there menu item I need to try, so I'll be back.笑
Until recently, I had only eaten here for lunch so I was pleasantly surprised to like the evening atmosphere even better. 300 East is a Charlotte staple located in an old Dilworth house featuring global cuisine - a little American - a little Italian (sweet potato ravioli or wild mushroom pizza) - a little Asian (vegans- the seared ahi tuna salad without the tuna is outstanding: field greens, avocado, sesame dressing, grilled rice cakes, wasabi and shoyu glaze) and lots more. The vibe is very laid back but nice enough for a working lunch, dinner with friends, date night.笑
What a great restaurant this was! It helped we discovered it on a Wednesday night, with a 50% off on wine bottles, but the food was seriously good. The service was superb and the food top notch. Too bad the place is not in Chicago, we'd become regulars for sure.笑
Wow! Guy was right, this place has amazing food, amazing device, and a fun atmosphere. Highly recommend the sweet potato ravioli as well as the lamb ragut. Yum!笑
Time for treats! I came with my mom, sister and her husband one afternoon. The interior is a bit worn and small, but it's very cosy. I got the ginger cookie and butterscotch ice cream sandwich which was soft and chewy, sweet and delicious! My sister and mom each had the brownie w/ ice cream and whipped cream which I stole a few bites of and loved. My sister's husband ordered lunch and got a burger w/ bacon and pimento cheese and everyone enjoyed it as well. Great place for lunch, brunch and desserts. As my brother-in-law said "If it's good enough for Guy Fieri it's good enough for me!"笑
Favorite dishes: Sweet potato ravioli, baked goat cheese, and bistro salad ( they retired this recently, but hoping they bring it back). The usual is good and so is the filet. Love the cozy booths and friendly staff. Favorite spot in charlotte!笑
I cannot sing enough praise about 300 East. Top quality in all aspects. Farm to table freshness, amazing menu selections (we often try their specials), some of the best staff we've found locally, excellent atmosphere.笑
Great food and service 
Get the tuna burger
All the side are good
Specials are also great笑
300 East is located in a quaint Dilworth house. There is something fun and secretive about sitting in a booth tucked away in the second story of the house. 

The first time I ate here I had the gorgonzola-stuffed filet mignon, which was wrapped in bacon. Wow. It was delicious. The only problem is that no other entree there could ever compare. Still, the black bean and jerked chicken tortilla is really good (and half the price of the filet mignon).

I'd suggest trying 300 East for lunch. It's a cheaper way to check out the restaurant. I recommend the pimento cheese filet burger or crabcake salad.笑
From the outside, you might think that 300 East is an expensive, very formal restaurant.  Quite the contrary.  While not McDonald's-casual, it's a casual setting in an historic house, and the prices are very reasonable for its Dilworth address.

The menu is very contemporary.  They have traditional American items with a gourmet twist.  Their Ahi Tuna Burger is delicious (and for only about $10, it's a great deal), but I usually stick to soup and salad, as 300 East has a soup-and-salady feel to me.  The Soup of the Day (you can't go wrong no matter what it is) and Seared Ahi Tuna Salad (do you see a recurring theme here?) make a great, light combination.  And don't forget to add on their specialty Matilda Wong drink (you're only allowed two!).  

Try to sit in a high-backed booth or outside on their nicely decorated terrace.  The booths provide an intimate dinner experience for you and a loved one or a small group of friends and the terrace allows you to enjoy the fresh air and relaxing atmosphere.  At least until some hoopty happens down East Blvd, spouting smoke and blaring music.笑
First time here last night and was very much pleased having gone based on the reviews and word of mouth - I'll also certainly be back as well. The staff was as friendly and nice as any and the ambiance low-key and relaxed at least on this night. 

The options of edibles was vast and so varied that I had a hard time choosing what I wanted to try, so my date and I started with the housemade pimento cheese with crackers and veggies, which didn't come with enough veggies for my liking but I'll let that slide given the excellence of the cheese.

Next up was dinner - the options wildly varied in my opinion but all of it sounded(and smelled) amazing. I had the fusilli with hot sausage which was quite good I must say, but the sauce itself could use a little more flavor in it I think. My date chose the sweet potato ravioli covered with gorgonzola and toasted walnuts which was freaking awesome, never expected that - I wish I had gone that route myself kinda.

I can't wait to visit again to try quite a few of the other menu options, along with the Matilda Wong I've heard so much about. 

All in all, 300 East was a great place and I look forward to visiting again.笑
My wife and I drove from out of state to Charlotte to visit my daughter, as we prepare for an overseas posting.  We invited her to brunch, intending to have a nice relaxed occasion to enjoy time with her.  While we found the food to be quite good, we were consternated when we were told to leave because our table was needed for other customers.  We visited on a busy Sunday and the restaurant was having difficulties managing reservations because the computer was down.  Nevertheless, the frowns from the server as it became apparent that we intended to linger after our meal, followed by the direction to leave, were quite unpleasant.  The food is tasty here; but hospitality is lacking, to say the least.  We certainly will not return.笑
Very cute spot in an original home in Charlotte! They don't offer brunch on Saturdays- only Sundays! I have made that mistake a few times, but their lunch menu items are still amazing. Vegan sand which was delicious. Our service, however, was so slow! Took us over an hour for lunch.笑
this place has been a fave of the locals for decades. never disappoints. they were doing farm-to-table before most people had any idea what it was. the filet mignon is my fave! amazing meat cooked to perfection and stuffed with Gorgonzola cheese! a must!

Now go enjoy!!!笑
Awesome space and food! I loved how they kept the integrity of the house in tact and didn't strip it of its charm. My mom and I were visiting Charlotte for the wknd and went on a Friday night-glad we made reservations because it was crowded. We shared the sweet potato ravioli as an appetizer and we both agreed we could have had multiple servings! The Gorgonzola cream was good enough to drink. For entrees, I had the seafood special halibut and my mom had the crab cakes. Both were perfectly cooked and the presentation was great. The sides were paired wonderfully and really complimented the fish. Each of us really enjoyed the entire meal!笑
We visited 300 East to celebrate our daughter's birthday and had a wonderful time!  We all had something different - 1/2 roasted chicken, Asian-Infused Shrimp, and the Gorgonzola stuffed Filet.  All three meals were superb and just the right amount!    Worth the trip !笑
My first trip to 300 East was about 10 years ago, long before I used yelp. And I vaguely remember liking it, which is why, while visiting my folks in Charlotte, I decided to take them there for lunch. Money and time well-spent. 

The food was exceptional. Start off with the fact that, for the small size of this restaurant, they had at least 20 wines by the glass. And one was an Albarino. I don't know many restaurants that have that wine by the glass at all. 

Started with chips and guacamole. I have no idea what the seasoning was concocted with, but I was scraping the bowl. I usually don't behave this way in public.

My mother's chicken salad was so-so, but good. Dad had the Sonoma Salad. Produce was unbelievably fresh and ranch dressing was made fresh moments before it was brought to us. You can taste that kind of detail. But the real compliment I have for this establishment was my chicken, bean, and green chile tortilla. Perfect amount of rice and beans on the bottom, topped with lettuce, chicken, salsa fresca, and a dab of sour cream. Beautiful presentation. Good service.

This place has been around for over 25 years, and my old friend once told me that she liked everything on the menu. They have a reputation that is well-deserved.笑
We ate dinner here upstairs in the charming house style restaurant.  The food was really fresh tasting and our waiter couldn't have been more attentive.  I loved the ambiance and everyone on the staff was friendly.笑
I've been to 300 East many times and have never been disappointed. I went AGAIN over the weekend for my birthday. That's right, it was my birthday and I am now 30... THIRTY.  This was a milestone and I made it. Ya know, I kind of like the sound of 30. I digress.

I ordered the Fall salad - what sold me was the port wine soaked cherries and they were delicious. My fiance made a reservation for my birthday and we were promptly seated. I love the atmosphere at 300 East. It's a cozy, old house turned restaurant and it's so warm and inviting. We had excellent service with a twist of Halloween humor. My fiance ordered the grits bowl. If you like grits, you'll LOVE the grits bowl. You get to add 4 toppings. I took a bite of his grits with chorizo, salsa, cheese, and a fried egg and it was a burst of good flavors all in one bite.

Another thing I love about 300 East is the freshness of the locally-sourced food. I feel good about eating here and I know I'm getting a high quality meal. I definitely recommend 300 East.笑
Charming, unique, great good, good selection of wine. I love sitting outside when the weather is nice. This quaint little house has a warm inviting ambiance.

It has Dilworth written all over it. The grass fed burgers and Tuna Ahi Salad are the best. The Ahi Tuna salad is the best salad I have ever had -- hands down!笑
Went for restaurant week and stupendous is the only word! I had the pickled shrimp on grits and collard shreds and the shrimp had such a great bite to them.  My sister had the baked goat cheese and there were roasted cloves of garlic throughout.  We both had the hanger steak and it was tender and flavorful, with mashed potatoes and tender nicely seasoned green beans that made me say Wow!  For dessert i had the bread pudding that was like a creme brûlée and my sister had the brownie. This was such a superb restaurant week meal, heads above what we have had in past years at other places.  Very glad we went!笑
We went here with family that was visiting from out of town. Everyone was impressed with their meals. Our kids loved their dinners as well. We love farm to table - so I had a feeling this place would not disappoint. Parking was easy and the restaurant was easy to find as well. We will be back. I would like to sit outdoors next time - We could not do so this time, due to the very hot temps. It looked like it would be fun sitting outside. Next time for sure! Reservations recommended.笑
I had lunch here and although I didn't dislike the place my food was a little underwhelming.  The restaurant has a nice cozy vibe to it and the service was good but the asian tuna burger was a bit of a let down.  The flavors were pretty good but it was really the bun that ruined it for me.  If they used a nice soft brioche bun as opposed to a kaiser roll that flaked apart like it was stale it would have been much better.  I definitely want to go back for dinner because the dinner menu has some great looking dishes that I could see being done well here.  The lunch menu was just very limited so I won't go back for lunch except maybe to try the burger.笑
My wife and I ate early Sunday night at this venerable establishment.  It seems to be a particularly popular site for birthday celebrations, as we observed two before 8:00 PM, but they were restrained, low-key and no staff-ensemble affairs.  My wife had "The Usual," an open-face chicken salad sandwich with melted cheese and asparagus.  I had one of the specials - grilled duck breast on a bed of baby spinach and goat cheese with roasted plums, beets, toasted walnuts and raspberry vinaigrette on the side.  Wines are half price on the bottle on Sunday night, so we skipped our usual Casal Garcia Vinho Verde (300 East is one of the few Charlotte restaurants to serve this excellent summer wine) and splurged on a 2009 Kunde Zinfandel.  We split a strawberry cobbler with goat cheese ice cream for desert.  The ambiance is private, with pleasant art work hanging everywhere and the bears hanging at the bar,  There is an emphasis on local produce, meats and  cheeses, and the selection of beers also emphasizes local craft brewers.  All in all, and establishment we would like to see our neighborhood continue to support.笑
I really liked my sweet potato soup and delicious Ruffy fried fish salad so much. I went for an early dinner. The place is kind of dumpy inside, but the food was kinda spectacular!!! If the weather is nice, sit outside, its lovely!笑
Good food, service, and wine list. reasonably priced. Restaurant is in an old house, so seating can be tight. not an issue as long as you expect this.笑
This was our first visit and we were not disappointed! We've been trying a new Charlotte brunch spot each month and this was by far one of our favorites. We had the breakfast pizza which has a chewy and slightly fluffy crust with chorizo and plenty of cheese plus two perfectly fried eggs. It was a unique brunch choice and delicious. We also had the Carolina breakfast plate special and it was everything it was made out to be. Coffee and mimosas were also excellent. 

Reservations are a must for brunch. We were promptly seated but the people who walked in with us at 11:15 on Sunday were told there was an hour wait. The ambiance was also excellent and this would be a great place to go with family, on a date or for a nice lunch or dinner I imagine.笑
This place is great! My wife, daughter and I went here for Sunday brunch. It is a converted old private home with upstairs dinning. My wife had a vegtable fratata which she said was delicious. Daughter had some typr of chicken waffel and I had the traditional eggs benedict. Both were very good. Service was fine, restaurant was clean and we will reurn when in Charlotte. I would recommend 300 East to all my friends and family.笑
Came here for brunch and wasn't impressed with the selection on the menu, ordered the scrambled eggs which were OK.  I will go back to try dinner at some point but I am not in a rush.笑
Ate at 300 East in Dilworth tonight for Queen's Feast and loved it! The food was excellent and our server, Matthew was great, very attentive and pleasant. I had the salmon special which was delicious. Our granddaughter had the hanger steak special and said it was the best steak she's ever eaten. Plenty of good parking in a lot in back. Will definitely return for another great dinner!笑
Had another great evening at this fun local restaurant with an old friend. Enjoyed Matilda Wongs (huge drinks served in pitchers) on the front patio by super nice waiter who accommodated us by taking our picture and patiently waiting for us to order dinner. The tuna salad was delicious (served with 3 separate sauces) and the ice cream sandwich (a waiter recommendation) was enough to share. A great time!笑
Two words to remember when visiting 300 East:   Matilda Wong.

A Matilda Wong is the signature drink here.  It is made with rum, gin, cherry brandy and a few other things and is served in a small pitcher with fruit garnish and a straw.   They also limit you too 2, which you should be feeling this after 1 but it's worth ordering 2.  They are sooooo good.  

Other than that 300 East is another gem in Charlotte. It's in a wonderful location and it's a fun place.  The decor still contains remnants of the house that it used to be.  They have unique booths which a tall person like myself would find difficult to sit in.

Food-wise, they have a very diverse menu consisting of sandwiches, salads, and various entrees.  One of my favorites is the Hangar steak and I'm not normally a steak eater.   They also have wonderful brunches and the desserts are to die for.

But if you don't go there to eat, at least go for the Matilda Wong!!!笑
I've only been to 300 East for lunch - it's a short drive from my office.  But every time I've visited, I head back to work, full and happy.  Which can be difficult when you're on the verge of a food coma and you've got a deadline looming.

300 East is a charming restaurant. I tend to order the Baked Marinated Goat Cheese appetizer and the Fall Salad with Chicken.  The baked goat cheese is heaven and comes with warm french bread.  The Fall Salad is full of port-soaked cherries, goat cheese, and pine nuts. (Yes, I love goat cheese).

The service is warm and friendly and it can get really busy during the lunch rush which also means parking can get a bit tough.  If you can do lunch bit early - say 11:30ish - you're golden. 

You can also have lunch on the front patio on particularly nice days and take in the charm of the Dilworth neighborhood.笑
What a great restaurant!  
I really like this place because, (1) it has a great atmosphere, (2) its menu is well thought out, and (3) the food is fresh.  I've been twice and both times i was impressed by the chef.
The service...well...its a neighborhood restaurant. Despite the prices, you shouldn't expect 5-star service.
But, over-all this place is great.笑
The BEST French Onion Soup in Charlotte! I love the quaint atmosphere and the little booths that make the experience intimate. I frequent 300 East often because of the soup, but there are so many delicious dishes on the menu.笑
My boyfriend and I came here for a date night and had a wonderful dinner. Recommend the goat cheese app! Great service and beautiful spot.笑
My go to place for special occasions, and celebrations. Amazing food and amazing service. The special is always outstanding. The Sweet Potato Ravioli lives up to it's reputation. My favorite restaurant in Charlotte.笑
Went there on Wednesday for 1/2 wine bottles. Food was great! Fabulous little house and location on east. Great atmosphere.笑
So glad we chose 300 east tonight. Wait time that was given was one hour but it was only about 30. We were seated upstairs which was kind of fun. The banisters have a plastic barrier so you can see down to the first floor.  Our waiter was very nice, informative, and dressed very classy. 

We started with a the goat cheese. It was so very delicious. I had the crab cakes with mashed potatoes and the daily veggies of squash, zucchini, and onions. My friend had the bacon wrapped filet with the same sides.  Everything was so flavorful and wonderful! Even though I had only a tiny bit left I couldn't leave it behind. Even the leftovers the next day were just as good. 

I will most definitely be returning soon. I can't wait to try more items on the menu!笑
Perfect for dinner date or girls night out. If you are in the  Southend area and weather is, I recommend walking over. I can vouch for the ahi tuna salad and the crab cake dish. Both lovely and delicious!笑
I usually love the food here, but I had an awful experience last time I was here and will never go back. I called in an order a few weeks ago that was about $45 total. I went up to the bar to pick up my order to go, tipped $5 (thinking this is normal for a pick up order), and signed my check. I then took my food out to the car and as I was pulling out of the parking lot, the bartender who I picked my food up from stormed out to the parking lot holding my check, staring me down, and shaking her head in disgust. I rolled the window to ask what her problem was and she just stormed back inside continuing to shake her head. Other customers were outside witnessing this as well. Over a $5 tip on a $45 pick up order?!? I was so confused and embarrassed. Here's one more tip: never do that again.笑
Cute environment, feels like you're in a friends house. Great food. Only set back is there is usually a wait.笑
We've eaten before here with friends for brunch and the food was fantastic. Expect a long line for brunch on weekends; it's totally worth it. 

I am only giving 2 stars because we just ate here for dinner after trying it for brunch several months ago. The experience was like that of a completely different restaurant. Sadly, there's probably a reason why dinner reservations were so much easier to get and why there was so much seating left over. We had an extremely pushy waiter that literally asked us repeatedly if we wanted add-ons for drinks, apps, salad, entree, and thankfully not for dessert.  You would think that after we said straight up "no, thanks" after the first time he'd get the message. Then he would come back a few minutes later and ask the exact same thing again. He really pushed the expensive entrees and had nothing good to say about some of the lesser priced entrees. We tried one of the priciest specials at his recommendation (lobster + crap pot-pie), and it wasn't very good. We also had a burger which was decent. Overall, I felt like I was being sold to way too hard and I felt all he cared about was getting as fat a check as possible for biggest tip. I still tipped him the standard 15% but this really killed our experience.笑
This is a staple in Charlotte's "American" restaurant scene. Somehow I have never eaten here until recently. First visit was for brunch a few months ago. It was a good brunch. Portion was generous for the price. Best part was the Maltida Wong pitcher. Between the cocktail, the historic house and the pretty dishes, it was a glorious morning.

Fast forward to November, after much consideration, I decided to take my parents here for Mom's birthday dinner. The main appeal is the easy menu that fits everyone's palate. My parents, who don't go out much, enjoyed the ambience. Something is very nice about a cozy old home serving as restaurant.

We ordered the Bronzed Sesame Salmon ($16), Grilled Hanger Steak ($18) and Seared Ahi Tuna Salad ($14.25). We also started with the French Onion Soup ($6.25). Overall the food was good. Mom liked the salmon but it looked a little plain to me. Dad's steak was the best of the three dishes. My salad was good, but I think they could have given me more than 2 thin slices of tuna for that price. But for the quality of food and the price, I was happy with the dinner.

Best yet, they knew it was my mom's birthday and brought out a complimentary brownie sundae. It turned out to be the highlight of the dinner. We're not much of a sweet tooth, but the brownie was delicious and the vanilla ice cream was creamy & rich. 

Just so you all know how satisfied I was with that night's dinner: it was Panthers Monday Night game against the Patriots that night, and I didn't feel as bum out after the dinner and sundae (and don't forget half price glass of wine)!笑
The food at 300 East is ok. Nothing special really. The service is absolutely terrible. Had brunch there today and the eggs on my Benedict were overcooked. Unfortunately our waiter disappeared as soon as our food arrived and never came back to check in on us, so I didn't have the opportunity to send it back. I was hungry, so I ate part of it. I mentioned that the eggs were overcooked when our waiter finally stumbled back out to bring the check, and he gave me a dismissive sorry. Thanks, bro. I also find it ridiculous that they charge $2.75 for a glass of orange juice that is half filled with ice.  Cheap.笑
Excellent food. Excellent service. Excellent atmosphere. A must in Charlotte! 

"The usual" is one of the best sandwiches I've had since moving to Charlotte a year ago! They also have a great breakfast pizza too! 

One of my favorite spots!笑
My wife and I were in town visiting friends and we needed a place to go sans kids for some good catchup time. Our requirements were not too expensive, not too fancy, not chain and if it had some character or charm that would be great. 300 East delivered on all accounts.

I ordered the lentil burrito which was really good. My wife loved her Filet. We all were amazed by the sweet potato stuffed ravioli for appetizer and if we would have known it was so "to die for" we likely would have ordered it for our meals.

Dinner for 4 with a bottle of wine and an appetizer was about $120...not too bad. We had a great time and would likely go again next time we're in Charlotte.笑
A nice place for a dinner but not entirely memorable. Its nice to have been but it is not on my lists of place that I MUST go back to.笑
A lovely restaurant with a great menu. I went during restaurant week and all the food was cooked perfectly and had great flavor. Really good goat cheese!!

The restaurant is located in an old renovated house so it has a lot of charm as well.笑
Restaurant was cute from the outside, pretty loud and squeezed on the inside despite making a reservation. Guac was pretty good, but the entrees and dessert were nothing special. Many restaurants I would try around Charlotte before coming here, although it looks nice from the outside! I had the lamb here as an entree.笑
You know what, this place was just a'ight.  Not bad, but not "I must go back again."

We did girls brunch here.

I don't eat eggs but love brunch..go figure. They really didn't have much on the menu for me, but the girls wanted to go so I went.

My meal made up of sides (bacon, hashbrowns) was tasty.  I also ordered a round of beignet for the table.  They arrived looking very burnt, but in fact where yummy .  It was in no way shape or form a beignet though.  More like a cake donut hole with a lovely lemon flavor.

The chicken and gravy biscuit is more like a pot pie. My girlfriend said it was good, but wasn't what she was expecting.

Two other dining companions got the french toast.....that was stone.cold.  COLD.  One ordered a side of chorizo..which is clearly offered on the menu as a standard side.  What she got was a bowl of crumbled chorizo.  That's just weird IMO.  It's like serving a person a bowl of ground beef.  We all expected it to be sliced chorizo.

Hands down the best entree was the breakfast pizza.  First they get props for serving a whole egg on top vs. the standard breakfast pizza that's got scrambled eggs all up and through it.  It works for someone like me who doesn't enjoy eggs.  The pizza was yummy.  I'll definitely order it if I ever find myself back at 300 East.

Service was the epitome of 'meh.  I probably won't go back on my own, but if others wanna go I'd be down....and i'd order the pizza!笑
I got the pleasure of dining at 300 East last Sunday for brunch with some fabulous company, which always makes the meal taste better, right?

We had SUCH a fun experience. Okay, I say this with hesitation....don't want too many people knowing this but... bellinis, mimosas, and bloody maries are all $3.50 on Sundays -- I'm going out on a limb here and saying -- lowest price brunch cocktail in the city. YUM.

The place was clearly slammed so service was a little slower than one would like, however our waitress, who was clearly busy, was always friendly and attentive to details like refilling waters and clearing old champagne flutes from the bellinis we gleefully guzzled.

When our food eventually came I was hungry and definitely ready to chow down. We all got the same thing -- crab cake benedict. YUM.  Arriving upon our plates and smelling fantastic was a huge crab cake, a large potato-chive cake, and bright asparagus (so tender and skinny with perfect light seasoning of salt and pepper.)  As if this wasn't glorious enough it was topped with two perfectly cooked sunny side up eggs, and drizzled with citrus hollandaise. The extra "citrus" in the hollandaise gave it such a bright fresh appeal, so it doesn't feel so heavy. 

I wanted to focus on the food, but cannot finish this review without speaking briefly on how quaint and charming the little Dilworth gem is on East Blvd. It is in an old house, and the booths feel extremely cozy and I could see how it would be romantic for a date night in the evening. Just make sure you go early, as this place will fill up for brunch pretty quickly. Enjoy!笑
My husband and I just got back from a decent meal at 300 East. I really wanted to have a great experience here. I really wanted to love this place. I live nearby and I love supporting neighborhood restaurants. The food was good--it wasn't great. The service was NOT good and this is the reason we haven't been back here in years. There are so many places in Charlotte where the food and service are both very good; so it doesn't give you a lot a reasons to choose 300 East. My husband ordered the crab cakes---they were fine. I ordered the grass fed burger. It was fine/good---not memorable. And that's my point. With so many really good choices in Charlotte, a restaurant needs to be memorable for us to come back. It'll probably be years before we come back here again---if we ever do?笑
Went here for restaurant week and was impressed.  My two companions both got the steak, and I swear it was a competition as to who could down it first.  My goat cheese appetizer was amazing, the salmon was great, and the bed of brown rice had been flavored perfectly...I usually don't eat brown rice but this was delicious.  All three courses were fantastic, the wine was good, service was good and the atmosphere was good - the old house does make it a little Charleston-ish, but this whole area of Charlotte is filled with similar places, so 300 doesn't stand out in that regard.笑
Loved this place!  I was my first visit and I would gladly come back!! The service was great and the food was delicious. The atmosphere was very relaxed and personal. Great mood lighting. Great for date night or small group. I would recommend everyone to try it! They make all their desserts form scratch. The brownie was AMAZING. 
I had a sesame salmon that was sublime and melted in my mouth. 
We just walked in, but they do take reservations. Love love love 300 East!笑
Had such a pleasant experience at 300 East. The food was amazing and their service is nothing short of exceptional. The restaurant itself is such a cute little gem. 

Went with a group of 6 and we ordered:
Filet mignon w/ Gorgonzola
Scallops
Hangar Steak
Shrimp w/ Faro
Crab Cakes
Guacamole and chips
Hummus with pita bread
Matilda Wong

Everything tasted great.笑
My husband and I got to sneak away for a rare date night and this was just what we needed. Our waiter was terrific and had some great recommendations from the wine list. Half-price bottles of wine are a good way to go on Sunday. Had we wanted a fun cocktail or a craft beer, 300 East is good for those as well. We started with the goat cheese, sun dried tomato and garlic appetizer (served hot with toasted bread). It was simple, fresh, and very good (a must IMO). My husband had the duck, with a side of kale. He might as well have licked the plate as he liked it a lot (though would have preferred it without the cherries). I enjoyed the roast chicken, mashed potatoes, and perfectly cooked green beans. House made desserts were worth every calorie. 300 East isn't fancy, with it's oilcloth covered tables, but if great food and an unfussy atmosphere are what you're looking for, you won't be disappointed. Yum!笑
We finally went to 300 East and we cannot wait to go back again! The food was fresh, nice arrangement and delicious. The place is appealing from the outside; almost welcoming you to come in! It was small and quaint, yet cozy and clean. We splurged and got dessert, which we normally never do. Got a peanut butter and jelly homemade ice cream sandwich! OMG! Delicious. We got lucky finding a parking spot directly across the street as we were not sure if it had a parking lot. We will be back again and are hoping Melanie S is working!笑
300 East is in a great space, and the menu offers up a little something for everyone. But little hiccups all around held things back from greatness.  For example, big personal pizzas were great, but the oily bath that collected beneath the slices? Not so great.  A few solid local beers but not a stand-out beer or cocktail menu.  Overall, good upscale casual dining, but a long ways from greatness.笑
I really wish I could give this place more stars. After reading about 300 East in Thrillist's column  "The 15 Most Essential Restaurants in Charlotte" I could hardly wait to try the place out. Admittedly, the atmosphere is great but the less than perfect service experience may have added to the just average, at best, food. The place was packed so maybe this was just an off night.笑
We went for brunch last weekend and I'd highly recommend the grit bowl - I wanted all the toppings! The atmosphere is cozy and the service was good.笑
French Toast and grits bowl brunch are my recommends. Seating can be hard to find, but don't let that turn you away. The drinks and food are worth the wait.笑
Got the guacamole with chips & french onion soup for apps then ahi tuna burger for my meal. This was one of the best lunches I've ever had. The food was very unique and the taste was incredible. Also on the open table app making it easier to get in if there are crowds!笑
Food took forever came out cold. All in all these things happen but it was our server Edward who ruined our experience. He ignored us the whole time. Felt bad having to tell the manager because we are all in the service industry. It was very awkward because she yelled at him right next to our table. Very unprofessional.笑
This place never disappoints.  I have never had a bad meal here.  There are always plenty of vegetarian selections to choose from.  I recommend making a reservation as they are always busy!笑
Very good dinner. Quaint neighborhood right outside South End in a quaint historical house.笑
Excellent!!!! Sarah with a H was awesome 
Gluten free options safe and discussed intelligently. Highly recommend笑
The atmosphere is cute and welcoming, the food is great, however the wait time is really unwarranted.  Make sure to make a reservation.笑
One of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte!  Located in an historic home, the ambiance is fantastic.  I especially love the flat breads, Sonoma salad, ravioli, and baked goat cheese!  Nice drink specials during the week as well.笑
Good lunch spot.  A cute house with lots of booths and tables. 

American and Healthy cuisine. Lots of choices for sandwiches, salads, burgers and veggie burgers. Good soups too!

I really enjoyed the Spiced Harvest Salad - I love the pumpkin on it and the sweet potatoes and pumpkin seeds...   very tasty!笑
Great ambiance! This place made me feel like a Charlotte 'insider' when I first moved here. Not for the faint of wallet though! A salad and a drink will set you back around $30 with tip. That said, it's still one of my favorite places to take out of towners who want a taste of the gracious south. Plus, the bathroom signage is hilarious.笑
I haven't been here in years and had a friend in town so I thought I'd give brunch a try again. I was very impressed with the meal, especially the special which was a poached egg set inside a roasted tomato, topped with cornbread. The cornbread added an extra dimension that threw that normal poached egg over the top. The tomato and egg, as well as bacon, also came with a side of pimento mac and cheese that was out of this world!! My friend and I also shared the brioche French toast and cheese grits. The French toast tasted like a donut and threw me into a sugar coma that was well worth it. The service was excellent and I will be back soon!!笑
We haven't been here in five years. Now I know why. Menu is pretty boring. Upon recommendation from the server I ordered the shrimp pasta. First off it was almost cold, like warm. It wasn't that tasty and the shrimp were so-so. They charge for a loaf of very average bread. My husband liked his steak and French onion soup. But I see no reason to return. I wasted money on my meal.笑
I somehow stumbled upon this restaurant via the internet, so I decided to check it out since it looked pretty good. I went for lunch on a Saturday with a few people. First, the service we got was SUUUUUUPER slow. We ordered a few salads and a BLT and it took upwards of 30-40 minutes for our food to come out. 

The waiter also rarely came and checked on us, to refill drinks etc, though we saw him tend to other tables in our area of the restaurant frequently. 

Once our food *finally* came, we were disappointed to say the least. The salads had MINIMAL toppings on them, it was sad to even call them salads. My friend that got the BLT said it tasted good, but I didn't try it so I can't speak on that. It didn't look to gourmet/tasty though. Looked like something you could quickly whip up at home. 

We came to this restaurant starving and left still pretty hungry. We would have ordered more food, but we were afraid it would be another 45 min until we got anything else. 

Can't say I'm going to come back!笑
Excellent Southern-style bistro. Try the piemento grilled cheese sandwich!
The experience from  the Hostess greeting and seating us to truly superb service made for a great lunch.笑
Adorable house restaurant with really yummy food and a great brunch.  A great place to take out of town guests as well.  One of my CLT faves!笑
Overall, the food had excellent taste and texture but the service really let down the team.

Good...
I booked a reservation for Sunday brunch because I really hate waiting around for a table and when we arrived at 300 East, even though we were early, the hostess brought us right to a table despite others who had arrived ahead of us without a reservation.
The food was excellent. I really enjoyed my crabcake benedict. Lots of crabmeat! The cheese grits were excellent. The coffee was good. My wife really enjoyed her meal as well. and especially her peach fizz.

Bad...
Service was slow. The food took a long while to appear and when it did, it was not very hot. Barely warm. But we *hate* sending food back and so we both dug in rather than complain.
The wait for our check was a long one..
There was a big chip in my water glass on the lip.
$2.75 for a refillable cup of coffee. Really.

The food was great but I can't really say that I would go back.笑
Everything I have ever ordered here, except the burger, has been fantastic. The burger was good, I don't remember why it wasn't fantastic.

The goat cheese app is stellar.
The sweet potato ravioli in gorgonzola cream sauce is to.die.for. 
Matilda Wong is worth it (especially on Wed/Thurs-- half off) 
Best crab cakes I've ever eaten.
Wedge salad is killer.

Seriously, just do yourself a favor and go.笑
Ashley Boyd, Michael and myself discussed my recent trip to 300 East and have straightened out any problems that existed during my dining experience.  As usual, if I had handled the misunderstanding during my visit there have been no misgivings when I departed the restaurant.
I am looking forward to my next experience there very soon.笑
This Dilworth institution never skips a beat.  The menu is a great mix of eclectic items and southern charm.  If you can grab a hard to get patio table, it is the perfect place to enjoy the heart of Dilworth.笑
I took my husband there for father's day.  The food was good. I  recommend it.  The place is cozy and a nice place to take someone on a special occasion However I  do not recommend it , if you have small children.笑
7 stars! This will be best review ever. Chef and family owned this converted victorian home where culinary magic is made. Beautiful atmosphere, casual and eclectic. The menu is me based on local fresh ingredients, flavors and textures combined with the talent only a chef with incredible natural talent and love for food could create. I usually turn my nose up at fillet wrapped with bacon stuffed with cheese , in this case gorgonzola bc its usually there to cover sub par meat. This was the best steak in memory. You can taste the freshness, not artificially tenderized. Truly melted in my mouth. The vegetables and potatoes and everything cooked and flavored to perfection. I caught myself mmm'ing out loud for the first 10 bites! And just for the fact I didn't even glance at my phone the entire meal shows how much I was deeply enjoying it. Don't even get me started on dessert, homemade rose sorbet made with real rose and chocolate ganache. I hope the chef reads this and feels my appreciation and respect for the talent.笑
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte.  Always fresh and we have always received excellent service.  This is my go to place when I can't figure out what I want to eat!  You will love it!!!笑
As a staple of downtown Charlotte, I think this place is a must visit. The building, like many of the businesses around it, is in an old Victorian home that's been redone. I had the Tomato and Red Pepper soup with goat cheese and it was to die for...really flavorful and delicious. We also got the hummus appetizer which is made in house and I think that's something anyone would love. Really well done. 

Entree I was between the fish tacos and hangar steak sandwich and went with the steak option on recommendation. Flavor was good but I didn't feel so great after eating it, which is the reason for the 4 star vs 5. It could have been because I eat red meat very infrequently but I'm not sure. 

Our waitress did a great job, informative and friendly and also was attentive and I think the atmosphere is very cool. Want to go back and try the drink they are so famous for and check out some different options on the menu. Overall really pleased.笑
Am in Charlotte for a conference and heard about this place on DDD. It was so cute and felt like I was eating dinner at my friend's parent's house. Matilda Wong is a girl you don't want to ignore. French onion soup is cheesy yum. Shrimp with goat cheese ravioli was a bit lemony, so if you're into that, you'll love it. The butterscotch ice cream sandwich (made w molasses cookies) was just happiness. That's right, I went all out. Was by myself, ate at the bar and felt safe. Highly recommend this place if you're in town.笑
I went here for brunch with friends while in Charlotte recently. It was okay. The wait was a bit long, so I suggest making reservations. Don't try to walk in and get a table on a Sunday. It may be okay at other times, but I suspect they  get pretty packed during prime brunch hours. The service was really slow for some reason. I'm not sure if it was because we were upstairs or what, but we had to ask where our food was a couple of times. 

Now, once the food came out, it was very good. Except for the beignets...they were just meh. They were also very small. I was expecting more. The price is decent....nothing outrageous. The mimosa was the best...mostly because it was 95% champagne. The atmosphere is very casual.笑
First time and the food was excellent... the place is small/intimate. Our waiter was a little 'much' with all his talking but overall enjoyed the food/experince. Only complaint was draft beer was warm and the glasses they were served in were warm which didnt help (we had two different beers) BF had the crabcake salad, said it was best west of charleston, I had the burger with pimento cheese and onion jam which was amazing, I ate the whole thing which I rarely do when eating out, BF did get one bite which he was lucky to get!笑
Excellent seared Tuna Salad. Be careful with the wasabi dressing! It's rockin! It's in a great location and prices are very reasonable.笑
I love this place for brunch!  It has a great homey feeling.  Like having dinner in a good friends home.  I've been a couple times and will definitely go back again.  

I love the grits bowl...awesome!  I love choosing all the mix in options.  I'd go for the fried egg, avocado and chorizo.   Pimento cheese spread is a great appetizer.  The waffles and french toast are great options if you are feeling something more sweet than savory.

Reservations are a must.  Always crowded, but they always seem to have it under control so you don't even notice.  Parking in the back is a plus.笑
This cute restaurant is located in the charming neighborhood of Dilworth. We had reservations for a Saturday night and were immediately seated. The décor is comforting and home-like which makes sense because the restaurant is located inside a former home. 

Our appetizer was the spicy pimento cheese. The cheese itself was tasty, but I wish it was served with something with a little more "oompf" and uniqueness. Instead, it was served with a few premium white crackers and a few sticks of carrots and celery. 

But I loved my entrée. I ordered the roasted NC shrimp served over a bed of goat cheese ravioli and mushrooms. The lemon sauce was perfect. One of the most unique flavor combinations I've had in recent memory and I practically licked the plate.

My boyfriend got the gorgonzola stuffed filet and his mom got the crabcake. They both loved their choices. 

Based on the reviews I've read, it seems like this restaurant's forte is its brunch. I'd love to come back and try it.笑
We waited over an hour to eat here on a Saturday afternoon. We gave our number to be notified via text when our table was ready. An hour later we checked back and it was obvious that the host would not have contacted us. Then our very nice server completely messed up our order.

Food was okay but not considering the wait and frustration of an incorrect order.

Fortunately, they did not charge us AT ALL for our meal. It's refreshing to go to a place that takes absolute responsibility for a failed experience. I would go back but not without a reservation!笑
I brought my parents here when they were in from out of town. I was able to make a reservation same day through open table which was great. The entire experience was wonderful. The service was great and the food was out of this world. We had a lovely evening, and my parents were able to have an outstanding Charlotte experience.笑
I've had lunch here a few times but have never really been impressed. My last experience was probably just that. The food is nothing special and the service seems to always be worse. Not sure the servers like walking up the stairs to the top dining area.笑
300 East is a classic Dilworth establishment that has been open over 25 years. Many of the menu items have endured such as the Sonoma salad - one of my favorites and the Usual. They used to have an "Unusual" but it looks like that one is no longer regularly available. The setting is quaint and charming in a renovated old house and you must check out the cute signs that mark the bathrooms. A cozy full bar with a generous wine list is downstairs and there is seating upstairs, downstairs and on the patio out front. Lunch, dinner and brunch are served and a kids menu is available as well.

I recently enjoyed the homemade pimento cheese dip as well as a crab cake sandwich. I tried the gazpacho, which was more of a tomato soup with chunks of veggies rather than the blended variety that I like better. On another visit I tried the goat cheese appetizer - delicious with sun dried tomatoes and roasted garlic - and the aforementioned Sonoma salad with chicken - love the Dijon mustard dressing and the inclusion of red potatoes. Desserts are also tasty including the peach cobbler with ice cream that I sampled. 300 East truly has an eclectic menu with several unique salads, pizzas and Mexican inspired options as well as a full sandwich and entree menu. Vegetarians will find plenty including black eyed pea falafel and farro saute. Definitely a fun and different place to dine in Charlotte.笑
We had lunch here right before a 3 hour road trip. It was really hearty and delicious and I loved the neighbourhood and being able to sit outside. . 

I had the Sweet Potato Soup and it was so delicious and warm. I really enjoyed my Crab Cake Salad as well. We really enjoyed the brownie and ice cream for dessert. The service was really friendly and warm.笑
Loved the location, loved the nice historic vibe inside and out!  I have only been once for brunch.  I had the basic eggs, bagel, bacon and potatoes.  I liked the food but didn't  love it.  Maybe  because what I ordered is food that most people can cook.   But I didn't expect jam and jelly in a little plastic package. We were seated upstairs in a nook which was quite cozy but all around us was chaos.  The place was packed.  The staff were very nice and friendly, but it was just really hectic and did I mention it was packed, I mean packed, not a bad thing to be busy at all but I felt like it took away from the experience as I felt part of the conversation in the party of 10 five inches from our table.   It was a baby shower.笑
I loved this place for lunch, they had an original and exciting menu. However, I was a bit disappointed about their dinner menu. The interior is very nice.笑
Stretching to like this place! 

Few months ago, used to be amazing. One of my favorites. Went few weeks ago, took forever to be greeted by server, and even longer to receive water! She appeared to be working alone, understandable if that was the case. 

Had tuna burger -- got very sick that night. Not sure if tuna burger or something else. 

Hard to believe this place was once visited by Guy Fieri. 300 East, pick up the slack!笑
I took my partner for birthday. Our waitress was amazing, attentive, friendly. The food was great but could have been a lot warmer. We ordered the salmon which was excellent but felt they skimped on the rice and spinach, we also ordered the lamb stew which was also great but was almost cold.
It is a beautiful, qaint, casual renovated home. We were given a nice table upstairs. It does get really loud with all the talking. The people who sat next to us talked very loud but we basked in the ambience and our meal and overcame the distraction. Great place to go. Will go again.笑
LOVED this place! It's inside an old house and the atmosphere/service/food were so great!

Happened to come here on wine night, Wednesday - the second accidental wine night stop during my few days in Charlotte (the other was on Tuesday night at Dandelion Market - if you like 300 East I think you also like that!). So all bottles of wine were half off - which was a great deal!

Not sure if that's why, but this place was packed for a Wednesday night! We had a 30min+ wait for two people. But the wait was worth it...

Like I said atmosphere was perfect! Food was delicious and the service was very good. I tried the Chicken Tortilla dinner and it was super filling and very good! And my friend tried the salmon which was also delicious and well done.

We also tried the Butterscotch Ice Cream Sandwich which was an amazing dessert! Tell them you want extra pineapple because the pineapple made the whole thing! Without the pineapple it was a little bland but the pineapple gave it a great flavor! They just don't give you a ton.笑
We walked here from Art & Soul and it was worth the walk- it's summer tomorrow  ordered the Fall salad- yum- greens with goat cheese , delicious cherries in port wine and some added chicken. All excellent in a good atmosphere.笑
Amazing menu selections - especially daily specials.  I had the roast beef egg benedict A-MAZING!  Hubs had the grass fed-burger: A-MAZING!  Dad ordered the brioche french toast and mom had a gorgeous salad.  Bright colors, interesting flavors and a terrific and tentative staff.  Everyone was on point!  We will definitely be back soon!  
Note: this restaurant is in a converted 2-story victorian- style home. If you have someone in your party that doesn't handle stairs well, just let the hostess know when you make your reservation.笑
Restaurant is lovely, was seated upstairs in a very private booth as requested, service was terrific.  Problem is the portions were small so we ordered dessert and still left a little hungry. Ordered chicken salad, received one scoop. Hamburger not that large either...chips not the best side for the money. Food was good (not great) but we won't be back...there are better options in the south end for a weekend lunch.笑
Get the sweet potato ravioli, you're welcome. Be sure to have a couch ready to snooze on because it is decadent. The flatbreads are also very good! Breakfast pizzas are awesome for brunch! This place is really great and is very reasonably priced. Love the intimate feel of the old home and often times you can get a table without too long of a wait. Sit outside when the weather is nice!笑
I love the atmosphere at 300 East. It is very cozy and intimate, great for a date night. The food is always really good, as is the service. I especially love the baked goat cheese appetizer and the filet. So good!笑
OUTSTANDING cuisine. Crab cakes are AMAZING. Roasted half chicken is the freshest I've tasted since my days on the farm. Atmosphere is quaint, cozy, relaxed. Wait staff, Heather is enthusiastic, knowledgable and friendly. Great Great dining experience. A must try.笑
I met a friend here for dinner on a Thursday night.  He made a reservation via Open Table around 7:45pm, and it was ready for us upon arrival, though I really don't think we needed it that night!

They had a few good food and drink specials....all local NC brew was $3 per pint!

The food was good, and fresh!  I got the Glazed Salmon which came with deliciously flavored brown rice.  It was a nice size piece of Salmon and it was really tasty.  My friend got the Pork Loin, which was also good.  It came with mashed Sweet Potatoes and was topped with a sweet preserve.  

We were there for a very long time chatting, and our server didn't rush us out at all.  We were actually one of two final tables left in the place.  We sipped on coffee and really enjoyed the evening!

I hear they have a great patio there...looking forward to maybe seeing it another time.  The pictures on the bathroom doors are pretty funny.....it will for sure catch your attention!!!笑
I'm working from out of town in Charlotte and I found this place using Yelp. Wow did I hit the jackpot. The food was unbelievable and very very reasonably priced, in fact I was a little skeptical of the quality of food because the inexpensiveness of the menu. Nick, my server, was very nice and very helpful with the menu. He even recommended the daily special, mussels in a spicy marinara over fettuccini and it was outstanding! I added a crab cake and was blown away. The atmosphere is very pleasant and very unique. It's like an old house turned into a restaurant. If you are visiting Charlotte and looking for good quality food but a very very reasonable price, this is it.笑
1/2 price wine bottles on Wednesdays HOLLA!  I've always loved 300 East but I haven't been back in a long time.  For good drinks & apps 300 East is a great find.  Their sweet potato raviolis are unbelievable.  The salads are addicting add some crabmeat for some protein:)  I am not that crazy about the entrees that I've tried but it doesn't keep me from coming back.  I can't resist a restaurant in a house after all.笑
I enjoy the Ahi tuna salad but haven't been impressed by anything else.笑
One of my favorite spots to go. The atmosphere is fantastic as you dine on great food in a charming home. My favorite specialty cocktail is the Matilda Wong--no more than 2!
I've never had bad server nor bad food. I'll continue to go there time and time again.笑
5 stars - that's right.  Shame on me for not coming here sooner.  The girlfriend and I were confused as to where to grab brunch and then BAM...300 East!  

Upon arrival you figured it was a good place to eat judging by the volume of people there.  We decided sitting at the bar was fine and just a little tip here, you should sit there too!  The bartender there is fun and will keep up with strong libations.  

We both had the daily special which was some take on a veggie fritatta and it was a perfect portion and the taste was fabulous.  In terms of what to order to drink, you have to get the "Matilda Wong".  Trust me, just do it.

Decor is simple, it's an old house so the acoustics would be the only drawback but sitting at the bar I hardly even noticed that issue.笑
What a cute little place!  We enjoyed a late dinner here complete with a bottle of wine, lamb dinner and soup and salad, chocolate brownie desert. Great service!  Great prices!  What a great gem in Charlotte!笑
As a member of the Matilda Wong society, I felt compelled to review old faithful... 300 East.

I love the atmosphere.  Who can't be enamored with this old house in the heart of Dilworth?  I am not sure if she (the house) is considered a Grand Dame by historians and architects but it certainly is by me!  

I love sitting downstairs in one of the booths to the right of the hostess stand for a long leisurely lunch on a Saturday, that may, or may not, include a glass of wine.  I love coming here in the Fall and sitting outside, hearing the fountain and looking at the sheep statue.  I love coming here in the Winter and sitting in the really small and cozy booth in the main dining room.  Really, I cannot think of a time when it isn't right to come here!

The hummus plate is a delicious way to start your meal.  If you are lucky the white bean and gouda soup will be the daily soup offering.. it is bowl-licking good.  All the specials I have ever tried are delicious...  But, I tend to gravitate toward a salad or, my favorite, the black bean tortilla (with lots of fresh avacado!).  My hubbie likes the usual-- a grinder-ish type sandwich, the tuna, or whichever pasta is on the menu.

There is a special drink here called the "Matilda Wong"  and it is very, very wong.  It used to come in a smallish fishbowl (think beta fish) but is now served in a small pitcher.  When I say it is "wong", I mean it is strong, it is good for sharing but, plan on having a responsible driver.  They cut you off after 2, as they should.  I think I have aged out of the ability to even share one...

Nice wine list, half-priced wine nights.  This is a fun girls-night, or date night, or parents-are-in-town place.  

-- funny to see your guests' reactions to the bathrooms--笑
Went for the first time tonight.  I agree the food is good,  however the portions are off.   I ordered the flat bread appetizer and it was topped very sparse.  The service was slow and our waitress was not very attentive.   It was a nice place to try but did not meet my expectations.  I don't believe I will return.笑
I probably won't go back unless a friend really wants to go.  It certainly wasn't bad, but definitely not great and for the prices there are better restaurants.  My friend and I got the guacamole app, which was really average.  Then we split the fall salad and chicken carrot pesto sandwich.  The sandwich was good, but the salad was REALLY plain and bland and certainly not worth the $11 price tag.笑
Amazing food and amazing service, the hummus they serve is to die for. Service was definitely amazing!!!!!! Can't wait to go back and eat again.笑
This is such a charming little place. I love coming here for Sunday brunch, and it's a wonderful spot to bring out of town guests. To beat the church crowd, I'd come before noon. Honestly, you'll be pleased with anything on the brunch menu. For something different, I recommend the Cajun Grilled Shrimp, which is actually more grits than shrimp. You get a few large seasoned shrimp with a bowl of cheesy grits topped with runny eggs. Oh . . . a cute quirk about this place is their bathrooms. You have to look at the dogs very, very carefully to figure out which is the male room and the bitch room :).笑
This is one of my favorite restaurants. Everyone is friendly. I like the atmosphere. I love going there for brunch!笑
300 is pretty great!  i have been there for dinner and brunch, and they both have been pretty good.  The restaurant is in a house, which is good because it is cozy, but the downside is that some of the tables are tight.  

I really liked brunch because they do a new take on some classics!  Dinner, I was only there for a Price Fixe dinner, and very good! 

I would recommend this place, especially for brunch!笑
So good you will leave in a food coma. Every ire is worth it and you can hear other other dinners whisper "delicious" "best crab cake" "better than...." ;-) you'll love the quaint decorations in this two story house complete with outdoor patio!笑
I came here for a celebration dinner because I heard so many good things. I honestly don't know what all the hype was about. The food wasn't anything special. We got the crab cakes, half chicken, and sesame salmon. The crab cakes were fine but I prefer more lump crab instead of bread crumbs. The corn salsa was a nice addition though. The chicken and salmon were both overcooked and the chicken lacked flavor. Service was super slow. We planned for an hour and a half dinner and 30 minute travel time for a 10 minute drive and we barely made it to the show on time. It's an old house turned into a restaurant which is maybe why people like it so much.笑
One of the best pizzas I've ever had! The Spanish pizza is so complex and delicious the more I chewed the better it got! Would eat again. I also tried the burger with bacon and pimento cheese and a jalapeño grit cake. Both were awesome too. Burger wasn't over cooked and the bacon was generous, could've used more pimento but was still good. The grit cake was crunch and soft in the center, all over delicious. Will come back when in visiting Charlotte again!笑
Went here for dinner tonight with a friend. We were anxious to try the infamous Matilda Wong drink. We found out it was on special tonight. What a great deal and a great drink!  It didn't disappoint. 

We had no real intentions of eating anything, but we knew we needed to scoff something down to help with the alcohol.  So we tried the crab cake appetizer and it was delish!  Very impressive...kudos to the chef!

That made us even more anxious to get more of the 300 East experience and order an entree. I got the special which was grilled chicken in a lemon shallot cream sauce with mashed potatoes and asparagus. It was pretty good, though not sure if I'd order it again.  My friend loved our crab cake appetizer so much she ordered the crab cake entree, and loved it.  

We were too stuffed to order dessert, but overall we were pleased with our visit. We will be back..笑
This was the first time in four years I have been to the quaint little house on East Blvd. I pass it often and wonder how it is doing so last night I had ;the ever popular Groupon and I arrived there at 7:30 PM  We were greeted by a great Waitress named Tracy. She handled us with care all evening, and was a very informative server. We started out with the marinated goat cheese and  roasted garlic appetizer. It was delicious and paired with a Sebastiani Cabernet---Bellisimo! We then ordered three dishes for the table. The Hanger Steak served on a Potato cake, the Black Bean and Lime Chicken Tortilla, and the Warm Farro Salad with Roasted Squash. The Hanger Steak was a good size portion cooked exactly as ordered and quite tasty-the potato cake was soggy..needed to be crisped up. The Black Bean And Chicken Tortilla was just "okay" --- could have easily made it at home with three ingredients. But The Warm Farro Salad with Roasted Butternut Squash and Baby Kale and Winter greens and Toasted Pumpkins Seeds was over the moon----so good we moaned while eating it! Alas the Espresso machine is broken..so regular coffee and a Prune Spice Cake with Homemade Buttermilk Ice Cream was our ending. The cake and ice cream were delicious. I would  be traveling back to that darling little house again...the Farro salad is calling my name!!笑
We visited 300 East over the weekend. Overall, a great meal! I was super pleased with all the gluten free choices on their menu. They even offered gluten free crackers instead of the pita points with the Roasted Goat Cheese dish, which was amazing, by the way! 

Had a delicious bacon-wrapped filet and finished with a  piece of gluten free cheesecake. 

Meal was perfect in EVERY Way! Thank you, 300 East!笑
Just went back and the Asian Tuna burger was delicious!笑
Came here on a whim and was blown away. The cocktails are amazing (and I'm very picky) and the food is even better. Wait Staff is supremely friendly too! Highly recommend the steak and shrimp.笑
Food was awesome. We sat outside and it was slammed for brunch.  They only had 1 server outside which he was in the weeds the entire time. They should really have 2 out there when its that nice.笑
I visited this place on a Friday. I chose to sit outside because it was a nice day. I thought everything was overpriced on the menu right down to the iceberg lettuce salad on the appetizer menu that I ordered. The lettuce on the end was turning brown and I didn't think it was worth the money. I wasn't impressed with the menu and the options of food that I had to choose from these were definitely not lunch prices more like dinner, so I can't imagine what the prices are at dinner.笑
There is a special place in my heart for houses turned into restaurants, or restaurants made to look like houses, so naturally I had to love 300 East. It's really cool that they have very revealing windows that really show off the inside of the establishment -  oh 300 East, how you teased me when I looked at you while driving past.

So Sunday finally came and we stopped by for brunch! One of us ordered the Breakfast Pizza, which was definitely more than one person could finish (well.... I could have finished it by myself...). Another person ordered the Brioche French Toast to satisfy her sweet tooth, which definitely did the job as well.

Personally, I can't ever say no to crabcakes, Hollandaise sauce, or anything "Benedict-y," which was perfect because I ordered the Crabcake Benedict, which came with a side of asparagus and includes 1 crabcake and 1 small potato pancake. I really enjoyed it!笑
RESTAURANT WEEK. Came for restaurant week and had a blast. Limited menu, but that is restaurant week for you. Made a reservation and was seated right as we got there. Nice intimate atmosphere and perfect for having a glass of wine and talking with your date. Nice date night spot.笑
Maybe it's because we went on Easter, but our brunch experience was less than stellar. The restaurant itself was pretty cute -- definitely homey and clean. Having reservations for 10am (when they open on Sundays), we walked in with a crowd of people and were seated right away at a table upstairs. We asked the waiter a couple of questions about the menu and he directed our attention to the special Easter brunch items. There was a bread basket available with scones and muffins. Since I wasn't going to eat the whole basket by myself ($9 worth of pastries), I asked if it was possible to switch out a scone for the bagel that was included with my scrambled eggs meal. He said no. So I ordered my meal anyway: scrambled eggs, potatoes, bacon, and a bagel. The eggs were HORRIBLE. Not sure how a chef messes up scrambled eggs but the texture of these was way off. In fact, I could barely force myself to eat them. They tasted like they had been sitting in a big vat in the kitchen for hours and the chef simply scooped them onto my plate. Maybe they were worried that they wouldn't get the food out fast enough with an Easter rush so they pre-made everything? Or maybe they were made from eggs that come in a carton? I don't know, but I've never had scrambled eggs like that. The bacon was limp - close to being under-cooked. The potatoes were room temperature at best. My dad had ordered Eggs Benedict, which also came with potatoes, and he mentioned to the waiter that his weren't very warm, so the waiter brought out a new dish of potatoes and they were still cold! My husband ordered the special captain crunch french toast. He said it was good, but probably wouldn't order it again. 

Overall, the food was a big disappointment. But even worse, on the way home, we all agreed that we hadn't felt very welcome in the restaurant. The staff wasn't very friendly and the servers weren't very accommodating. Wishing we had a better Easter brunch.笑
Another one of the many spots we hit up every week in CLT. It looks like an old house that was converted into a restaurant. Lots of personality and charm. The reason we go? 1/2 off wine on Wednesdays (Tuesday's is Nolen)

The wait staff is average, expectations are met completely, but not really exceeded. 

The food is good, typical new American cuisine, but not amazing. I will say that i've never had a dish I didn't like...but that is balanced by saying that i've never had a dish that blew me away.

I think this would be a great place to take a date, looks expensive, and has great atmosphere but it won't put a dent in your wallet.笑
This was my first dining experience in Charlotte, and I feel as though we chose well!  I thought this place was great!  And, compared to typical restaurant prices that I'm used to (in Atlanta), I was happy to see that the good food was priced well.  This is the kind of place that I'd bring my parents: nice, but not really pricey, and good atmosphere.

Most of the dishes are between $15-$20.  I had the filet, which was stuffed with gorgonzola.  Cooked slightly uneven, but overall, really good.  My boyfriend got the Moroccan-spiced pork tenderloin, which he  enjoyed.  He also got a cannolini soup that had pancetta in it that was really good.

Overall, a nice dinner.  I'd definitely come back.笑
Came here for my birthday and got a free birthday brownie with ice cream and it was delicious! I don't even like brownies. I ordered the bronzed salmon and it was super yummy! The service was kind of slow hence the deduction of the star but it was super busy even on a Wednesday night so definitely make a reservation if you are coming here!

Came here a second time because my friends and I just had to try their brunch! I got the crabcakes Benedict and it was delicious. The crabcake was moist and the egg was perfectly cooked. It also came with a potato cake and it was amazing! I wish I had room to finish it. My one critique is I wish it came with roasted broccolini rather than asparagus but that is just a personal preference.笑
I would say every time I've been to 300 East I have been fairly underwhelmed. I think my favorite part about the restaurant is that it's in an adorable old house and they have resisted the temptation to put TVs on the walls (a true rarity in Charlotte). The food is okay but not great and the service is extremely hit or miss, leaning more toward miss than hit. I really always try to eat at local restaurants and never chains but I always seem to think I like this restaurant more than I actually do.笑
Went for brunch and got the grits with chorizo, egg, avocado and cheese. It was ok, but the whole experience left me wanting something else. If... I ever came back I would probably order the breakfast pizza which was a good size portion and looked good. 

We came here to celebrate our anniversary and it was definitely not to that scale for brunch. There were people in t-shirts and shorts with dogs at their tables out in the front.笑
Yummy. We came here for restaurant week last night as they offered a 3 course meal plus a glass of wine for only $30! 

The breakdown:

Wine- 4 varieties to choose from (Pinot noir, Grigio, Riesling and a Cab). They were very generous with the pour. 

App- I got the shrimp and grits (smallest sized option), but was very good for a starter. It did come with a bed of greens on top, which were a little weird but tasted great once mixed in. Others at our table got baked goat cheese, which came with novas bread and the hummus platter. All looked and tasted great. 

Entree- I got the salmon which had an awesome sesame marinade on top. The jasmine rice was basic, but the side of sautéed spinach brought everything together (very tasty when mixed together). Salmon was cooked perfect as well. Two others got the steak and potatoes which they said were awesome. Lastly, my friend ordered the half chicken which was HUGE! Overall, everyone enjoyed their meal. 

Dessert- we all got a mix of the desserts (goat cheesecake, chocolate brownie and white chocolate pudding cake). All were delightful. 

Our server was very attentive and overall we had a very enjoyable evening. We will be back soon! 

I've also been here for lunch a few times too. The falafel and crab cake sandwich are on point! I've heard their brunch is a must!笑
300 East is a lovely little spot with massive front windows, letting in copious amounts of light into this front-room dining room of an old house. Along the walls are tall wood-backed booths, and a small yet cozily dark bar is set in the middle toward the back. How perfect to sit on a sunny day for brunch!

My man had his heart set on the French Onion soup, based on his many past visits here when he lived in Charlotte. And it did not disappoint: a thick coverlet of bubbly brown-edged cheese guarded a perfectly flavorful broth and a layer of soaked bread and ribbons of satiny onions. We shared a couple of other dishes: the Fall Salad and the Avocado BLT. The Fall Salad arrives with a pancetta dressing: perfectly salty with a hint of light vinegar and pepper, for drizzling over nice fluffy dollops of goat cheese, port-soaked cherries, pine nuts, and nice spring mix. The BLT was standard issue but with fresh, simple ingredients: huge slices of avocado, crispy bacon, and toasted golden bread.

Oh, and mimosas....If you're in a group, do as an observed table did and order your bottle of Prosecco and a pitcher of orange juice to mix as you choose. 

All in all, a good meal: fresh, simple, bright, and a few nice community touches like information about local dog rescues taped up in the entry. Speaking of dogs, let's just say the restroom door gender identifiers involve two wooden St. Bernards: the female is in profile, and so is the male. With additional equipment....Takes a minute to figure it out, and might be a great way to initiate certain conversations with your kids. Or not....

If I had the option, this would be a three-and-a-half star review (maybe dinner and slightly more intense and creative ingredients would up that to four). If you're looking for fresh, seasonal food in Charlotte and want a slightly upscale yet comfortable atmosphere with a varied and not-too-heavy menu, 300 East is your place to go! And return to, apparently....笑
After we saw 300 East on "Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives", my wife and I decided to try it. We went to their Sunday brunch for eggs benedict and shrimp and grits. The place was chic and unique. Our server was friendly. 

Unfortunately, our food took a while to come out and it was served cold.  Our waitress asked us if we wanted it warmed up or made fresh again. Not sure why but we waited for the fresh. 

Our second order came out faster and served hot. The shrimp and grits was creamy with the perfect amount of seasoning. The eggs benedict was good. The muffin was burnt black on the edge though. For our trouble, our waitress did bring us some beignets with a peach and butter dip. Yes, those were good.

Overall I expected more but I enjoyed our visit.笑
300 East, smack in the middle of a residential area. Very Casual and welcoming ambiance and a diverse crowd couples, families, college students and Moi in town for business.

Sat at the bar, the Bartender came over and took my drink order and have me a menu.

Started with a local brew OMB (Olde Mecklenburg Brewery) "Copper" Amber Ale nice color and a light caramel taste with a slight nutty ending.

Also tried the OMB Capt. Jack is a very light Pilsner good to drink at the beach.


The menu has a good number of options which did not make fair on me, so I asked the bartender for her suggestions.  

CrabCake Eggs Benedict with a citrus hollandaise on a potatoe pancake and asparagus on the side.  Everything tasted fresh and delivered on what a brunch dish represents.

I decided I wanted something sweet to come full circle the selections were all intriguing but Chocolate won...their brownie is the perfect size and served warm with vanilla ice cream.笑
Ahi tuna salad is amazing - especially the sauces. Hummus was very tasty and fresh. Gets busy so would go before lunch rush笑
Good food what you'd expect. But the wait and time from entry, to sit down, to food was terribly long. The environment could have been better too many tables and chairs in too small of a space and the in ability to put down reservations made matters worse.笑
Good food, diverse menu and decent service. Nothing too fancy it reminds me of food you could make at home if you worked hard at it. Kids menu and crayons were provided.笑
I arrived here for lunch, imagining that I would sit on  300 East's lovely patio.  I was greeted by a charming host, who, upon assessing the situation, told me that there was no availability outside.  However, he offered me a spot at the bar, which was perfectly fine.  Getting a little hot outside anyway.
Once seated at the bar, Mike offered me a wine list.  I chose Chateau Saint Jean Chardonnay.  I had difficulty choosing food,  because there were so many good offerings.  Vegetarian and gluten free choices were available, and that gets high points with me.
I selected the Mediterranean Chef Salad, which featured greens, chickpeas, tomatoes, olives, and artichoke hearts.  It also came with both feta and blue cheese.  I was given a choice of dressing, but stayed with the balsamic vinaigrette.  Before my meal arrived, Mike put a placemat in front of me.  What a nice touch!
Mike offered bread and butter, but, struggling to keep my girlish figure after a milestone birthday, I declined.  The salad itself was amazing.  Every bite was like a grand finale of flavors.  
After my meal, Mike chatted with me in such a sincere manner.  He seems genuinely interested in his customers.  His nice "bar side manner" was truly the icing on an already perfect cake.
The food, the host and the bartender created the perfect setting for my lunch today.  300 East has the right formula.笑
The food was nicely portioned.  I really enjoyed my crab cakes.  The salmon was fresh and cooked perfectly.  My friends and I weren't huge fan of the coconut rice.  And you can't go wrong with Mac and cheese.  Desserts=delicious!笑
Went here with a friend upon visiting Charlotte, on her recommendation.  It was fabulous!  We had to wait an hour to get seated (on a Friday night) but it was absolutely worth it.  Our waitress was fantastic, and the food was awesome.  I had the bronze salmon with a potato pancake, rice and spinach.  Soooo good!  I highly recommend this place.笑
Flank steak with onion and horseradish sauce. Awesome. The house salad dressing is the best I've ever had.笑
Absolutely delicious! I love the daily menu changes! Additionally, the outdoor seating is so relaxing. I am so thankful to have this restaurant in my neighborhood.笑
Stopped in on a Sunday evening and was promptly seated. Restaurant is a really nicely converted home with two stories. Sat upstairs and ordered two sodas the black-eye pea falafel for an appetizer and chicken tortilla entree. They were more than happy to substitute the flour tortilla with corn to deal with gluten intolerances at the table. Walked out with full meal for two for under $35 with tip. Really dig this place. Highly recommend. 

Took me minute to figure out which bathroom to go into. You'll know what I mean when you see it.笑
I ate here awhile back but I'm still dreaming about it. It's a lovely house turned restaurant with nice decor. We were seated immediately upstairs in a booth and we started dinner off with the sweet potato ravioli. The gorgonzola sauce was the perfect combination to compliment the sweetness of the sweet potato. It was delicious! For our entree I had the Salmon. Again I was not disappointed! I would definitely come here again. This also makes a great place to go out on a date since the setting is cozy and intimate.笑
I've been to 300 East a number of times both for dinner and brunch and it's definitely one of my favorite places when I'm craving some comfort American cuisine. The brunch scene in particular is great for getting a group of friends together. My crew actually has a few individuals who are vegetarian or have physical dietary restrictions. While this typically poses a challenge for finding a good restaurant, this place offers a wonderful menu with something delicious for everyone! I've eaten their chicken, desserts, and recently, their french toast--all of which I've liked, and I'm sure there are more things I can try next time.

Simply put, it's a combination of good dishes paired with a cozy/quaint environment that has kept me coming back. If you plan to visit, I would suggest getting a reservation since this is a fairly common dining spot in the area. Plus Sunday tends to draw up a crowd of people eager to get their brunch-on.笑
Hugely disappointing. Visited for the first time and what a fail. First, we had the spicy pimento starter and although the pimento was good, it came with saltines. I mean, saltines ?  And it was a cheap and unattractive presentation with iceberg lettuce and celery. For 7.50?  Then we waited 30+ for our food and it was fine, but lukewarm. Steak was small and overcooked. My dining companion had a Mexican inspired fried tortilla with toppings that was basically a big mess. The entire experience was a huge letdown. We didn't get an explanation from the waiter as to the wait either. Just a fail. Won't return.笑
As I perused the menu at the bar of 300 East, I noticed who I assumed to be the chef sitting nearby doing paperwork. I saw an intriguing selection on the menu: Farro Saute which was a mixture of farro, wild mushrooms, butternut squash and kale. Not caring for mushrooms (yeah, I know.....) I turned to the woman and asked if she thought the chef would consider substituting something for the mushrooms. She understood my humor and asked how I liked roasted beets. I said absolutely! So she was very willing to please. The beets were a very nice substitution even though the entire dish was pink! Didn't mind a-tall. 

In addition to the farro saute, I ordered a cup of her split pea soup (almost as good as mine) -  so good I enjoyed it all the way home and had it finished before I hit the driveway.

Either I'm really blind or TV at the bar dim and hard to see. 

I definitely recommend 300 East. In fact, I have a group visiting this week.笑
Fantastic service...and a gluten-free menu (just ask)! I had the Mediterranean salad with grilled chicken....pine nuts in the salad were a perfect touch. Local greens, decent coffee (I'm from Oregon, so read: coffee snob), and nice ambience.笑
This is a pretty nice place-
It is reasonably priced and the service was very good, so were the drinks.
I ordered the salmon and it tasted very good, although it was a little dry.
The atmosphere was very nice, although the restaurant is very small inside.
This means that there isn't much room between the tables, hence I could hear the conversation held by everyone near me.

Otherwise a very good place, would definitely recommend it to others.笑
I had the lamb ragu!!  If you come here order this.!!!  The table ordered the butterscotch ice cream sandwich. I ate more than my fair share. Soooo good!笑
Adorable restaurant with indoor and outdoor seating. The food was great and reasonably priced. Decent local beer selection as well.笑
AMAZING! Delicious food and great service! Love the building it is in... Full bar (although it was too early to drink for me). Got the veggie burger and it was the best!!!笑
I really want to like 300 East. It's in a great location, the menu has some amazing sounding dishes and everyone I know loves it.

My issue with 300 East is that I feel like I can make every thing I've ever ordered and I could make it with better flavor. I'm not a chef or anything close to being one, which is why 300 East has consistently left me disappointed. I've said it before and I will say it again, if I'm paying what 300 East charges, I want to be impressed by more than just the location and ambiance.笑
This restaurant has always been  a favorite and a great consistent experience, but the last two time I have gone the service has been lacking....about a month ago we stopped in for Sunday brunch, we were seated upstairs but a server didn't ever come to our table, after about 15 min we got walked downstairs to the bar, ordered a Bloody Mary and lunch at the bar.  Theta bartender was great, we told her what happened she bought us a round of bloodys and said they were short staffed as the patio was open that day due to the warm weather.


This past Sunday we went for brunch,  ordered had a Bloody Mary all was good.  The server showed with two out if three entrees and was very honest that she had dropped our third guests entree, but they were making another .  We started eating and 25 min later she showed up with the third entree, two of us had furnished eating, and he ended up eating alone.   She apologized, but I would have thought his entree would have been on the house, as a good faith jesters.  Won't be so quick. To go back, and we. Have back Going there for over 20 yrs.      feeling disappointed !笑
Great atmosphere, food, drinks and service

I've been to 300 East dozens of times over the years.  The menu is interesting, the food is consistently fresh and good, the service efficient and friendly.  Now that spring seems to have finally arrived, I'm looking forward to dining on the beautiful patio!笑
Easter brunch was great. Top on the list for best was the breakfast pizza. Outstanding overall. Will be going back soon.笑
Um... What!?! Best surprise drink ever! Thank you sweet waitress for the recommendation. Thought I was paying $11 for a tiny cocktail, but low and behold, this magical pitcher of orange sweet tart flavored goodness appears!! If you go to 300 East for drinks, you have to order the Matilda Wong! Soooo good. Also ask for Heather (aka BOOM!) to be your waitress! Such a great lady :)笑
Went here for brunch and the shrimp and grits were divine. Grits were a perfect consistency and shrimp were large. Cozy atmosphere. Our waitress definitely forgot we existed multiple times, so took a point off for service.笑
Cute little spot! Nice ambiance, ok food. The BF & I ate here for our birthday dinner over the summer. Honestly the only reason why I wanted to come here was because I was curious about the Matilda Wong.. it was even better than I imagined.. seriously drop what you're doing & get. it. NOW

We started off with the Sweet Potato Ravioli with the Gorgonzola Cream sauce. Four pieces of delicious ravioli, but I didn't really care for the creamy sauce- it was a little too rich & salty for my taste. LOVED the ravioli itself though. It was topped with walnuts & served with some bread. 

For entrees, BF got the Hanger Steak & I tried the Muffuletta Pizza without meat. BF liked the steak, but my pizza, while it looked good, was so damn salty! Must be because of the olive spread but jeez.. Nothing that another Matilda Wong couldn't remedy though :)

We split a dessert, but I don't remember what it was.. it had been a few months since we ate here. Guess that means it wasn't horrible, but also wasn't memorable :(

I would come here again & try a different entree.. perhaps the Farro Saute? I found the prices to be pretty reasonable: $12 for ravioli, $12 for the pizza, & I think around $20 for the steak, probably under $10 for the dessert .. & $11 for each mini pitcher of the Wong.. hell yeah笑
My boyfriend and I got dinner here about a week ago. I got the filet mignon and it was perfect! The mashed potatoes were wonderful. The sautéed green beans weren't my favorite (hard and flavorless) but they were OK. I'm not a huge fan of the skinny stiff kind of beans anyways so I wouldn't list that as a con. The service wasn't the best I've ever had, but the food was good enough for me to overlook that.笑
Charming little restaurant in the Dilworth neighborhood. Ive been there twice now and have enjoyed it both times - once on a first date (great first date spot!) and once with my boyfriend's family. The quality of the food is excellent, and my favorite thing about the restaurant is that it uses local fruits, vegetables, and meats. I buy the meat I use at home from Windy Hill Farms in New London, NC; and was so happy to see that this is where the restaurant buys its meat, too! 

The only couple of negatives is that in my opinion, it's just the tiniest bit overpriced; and that on Sunday the lunch menu for some reason is a condensed version of the everyday lunch menu. I guess this is because they have brunch on Sunday, but don't see why the standard lunch menu isn't offered in addition to brunch.笑
Awesome.  I arrived at the restaurant a bit dehydrated, tired and spent from a day of running around.  The waitstaff got me some carbohydrate and an iced tea, stat.  Once I was feeling better, I had a spicy tomato soup (yum), an amazing chicken dinner with mashed potatoes and greens (yummier!).  Can't beat the ambience here, and the waitstaff is super attentive and sweet.  Love this place!笑
Dinner and dessert were delicious. Our waiter was pleasant and engaging and kept the appropriate amount of attention on us so that we did not feel smothered or neglected.笑
Manager on duty resembled Rob Schneider...just saying.  Our pimento cheese sandwiches were cold after we waited more than an hour.  One of our table mates got the wrong order and when they offered to remake it right, she said no way because she did not want to wait another hour for her food--she was hungry. Pricey without providing the worth.  Suppose they could pay less attention to looking hip and focus on a good product. 

I will not return.笑
Had the fall salad with made in house cherries soaked in port wine! Amazing!笑
One more bookmark...checked off the list! 

I'd already checked out the menu and of course the Yelp pics so I knew I had to start with the French Onion soup. The soup was fantastic! That alone deserves 5 stars! I agree with everyone else that tried it - this is a MUST try when you eat here. I know I'll be ordering it every time I visit! 

For the meal I ordered the Shrimp BLT with a jalapeno potato cake. For me, the sandwich was just okay. It was a bit greasy and I don't think with the other options that are available I'd order it again. But the jalapeno potato cake was really good. It was just the right amount of heat and flavor. 

Overall, it was a good visit. The soup was definitely the star of the evening. Yeah, I'm a fan. I'm looking forward to giving them another try and ordering a different entrée.笑
Since my first review, I've tried the following from the 300 East menu:

- French onion soup - totally slurpable but probably because of the beef broth, woops!
- Sweet Potato Ravioli - sinfully rich, both sweet and salty at the same time
- Black Eyed Pea Falafel - fabulous
- Wild Mushroom Pizza - mushroomy deliciousness
- Roasted Butternut Squash Pizza - !!!!
- Warm Farro Salad - a revelation, with wild earthiness in every bite
- Black Bean and Green Chile Tortilla - flavorful but actually a little average
- Warm Callebaut Chocolate Brownie - chocolatey as hell but also a little teeny bit average
- White Chocolate Bread Pudding - BANGIN, best bread pudding EVER

Seriously, sometimes I dream about the sweet potato ravioli.  I. Love. This. Place.笑
I was in town from Memphis and my mom and I met here to have dinner. The food was delicious and it reminded me of one of my favorite places from back home (Jackson, MS)

Everyone was friendly although it took a while for someone to come over and greet us and take our orders, but I understand it gets busy. 

We started with the Mediterranean Salad and Crab Cakes with corn relish and they did not disappoint!

We both ordered the 1/2 chicken plate with mashed potatoes and green beans as our entree - DELICIOUS

We finished with the brownie a la mode and I am still dreaming about it.

We will definitely be back next time we are in Charlotte!笑
Great ambiance. Ate at the bar and tried a local craft jalepeno pale ale that was refreshing. Went for a light dinner with the French onion soup (probably the best I've had) and the ahi tuna salad which was delicious and the wasabi more potent that I imagined (good thing I had the beer!). 

Can't wait to come back and try the other options on the menu.笑
Great place, inside an old home, feels very cozy!  I had the bacon and avocado sandwich which was very good, and the cheesecake dessert. Recommend you try it!笑
Second visit thought we would give it another shot. Loved the ambience and character of this restaurant however you don't go just to sit and look around and that is where it falls extremely short in our opinion. My husband ordered the special fried chicken breast for $20 he got 2 breast that looked like small fish portions at Captian D's. he had to get drive trhough on the way home he was so hungry. I ordered the Hanger steak. When we got our orders the food was cold couldn't find out waiter so we just ate it anyway. Our mistake. For $20 an entree you should get a salad and at least some bread you get nothing but your small portions. We made reservation and asked for a cozy table for 2 we got a drafty table for 4 by the front windows. Took us 20 minutes to get our check back and leave maybe this is why the waits are so long if you don't have a reservation! With the economy the way it is we all want value for our money you are not getting value, or service at this restaurant we will take our business somewhere else.笑
This is hands-down my favorite restaurant in Charlotte, and every time I visit on business I try to make it there for a meal! This is fancy, delicious food in a comfortable atmosphere and lovely neighborhood. If I lived in Charlotte I would be here easily once a month, if not once a week!

I so much prefer this to the ostentatiously-mod and not-near-as-delicious restaurants in Uptown!笑
Food is wonderful, a great place for dinner or brunch!  Crab cake benedict... awesome!笑
We have been to 300 East twice now. Once for brunch and once for dinner. Both times we had reservations and were sat relatively quickly. I definitely recommend reservations.

During brunch we sat upstairs and it was slammed. The service was slow but understandably. Our food was great. I especially loved that they served Owens bagels, yum!! I do wish we had gotten a little bit better service, but hey it happens and it was packed.

This is a quaint old house that is now a restaurant. The booths are not that comfortable but doable. For dinner we were sat in a small booth that one side was almost a half seat. This was fine for me, but I do not think my boyfriend would have fit.  I had salmon and he had the filet. Mine was wonderful.  He wasn't crazy about the stuffed filet simply because he wasn't a fan of the cheese in the stuffing. 

We will absolutely be back for brunch and dinner!笑
I've been here several times and it never disappoints.  I think I get something different each time and I've always been in a group.  The only issue any of my friends has ever had was that there was too much cheese on her pizza.  The roasted chicken is great.  The Cap N Crunch French Toast they serve is great.  Service is a little more hands-off, but the orders are always right and refills are frequent enough.  I also hate the people who need to check on you every 2 seconds anyway.笑
I've eaten dinner and brunch here now. I'm a huge fan of the location and atmosphere. 300 East is in a beautiful old house off East Boulevard, a trendy location. They offer seating downstairs, upstairs and on the patio. Most recently, I went for Sunday brunch. I made a reservation on Open Table and was able to be seated outside. We ordered some cocktails after the 12 deadline; $6 bloody's and mimosas. I went with the breakfast pizza, which is actually a full pizza with two fried eggs on top. It comes with ample cheese, tomatoes, chorizo and some green onions. It was good, but not my favorite. We also ordered the beignets ($6) to start. How can you go wrong with fried dough and sugar? It came with a delicious fruity honey topping as well. They were soft and melted in your mouth. My friends went with the quiche of the day, and a regular pizza from the menu. Service was good. Love the variety on the menu and hope to try some more brunch options soon!笑
Absolutely delicious. Great little place and awesome food. A great date spot. Good for Sunday brunch. They have daily specials. So always something new to try.笑
My favorite restaurant in Charlotte. The service is always professional and friendly. The food is great. I highly recommend Sunday brunch. If you're in the mood for a good drink, go for the Matilda Wong. You can't "go wong" with this great drink. My favorite menu item is the roasted chicken. Everything is great. It's a welcoming environment with everything going great for it.笑
My wife and I went here for our first anniversary on a Saturday night.  We were early for our reservation by about 15 minutes, but we were quickly seated at a nice corner table upstairs near the railing.  My wife got the Signature St. Germain to drink, and I went off-menu and asked for an old fashioned - both were excellent, if a bit overpriced ($10.50 each).  The baked marinated goat cheese was fantastic, and the baguette they bring you to eat it with is huge for 2 people.  My wife got the hanger steak, and it was a little bit overcooked (she asked for medium rare, and there was hardly any pink in part of it), but it was so tender from being marinated that it was still awesome - I know because she let me have a bite. :)  I had the filet and it was cooked perfectly.

In short, it's a very charming setting, the service was fast and outstanding, the waiter was very knowledgeable.  We'd go back in a heartbeat - based on the reviews here, I think we'll go for brunch next time.笑
Brunch excellent.  Friendly and quiet place.  The lamb sandwich was to die for.  Fish tacos were very good also.  Limited beer options but some good local brews.笑
Drinks were a bit watered down but loved  the food and ambiance. Enjoyed farro sauté ; garbanzos and steak and pumpkin ravioli. Liked the unusual dessert but a bit bland - squash and sorbet combo笑
NEVER DISAPPOINTS! I have been to 300 East almost a dozen times and this old favorite is tried and true. I get the salmon (extra well done please!) with brown rice and vegetables every single time. Why try something new when the old is great? 

In addition to good local food, it's nice to be in a restaurant that actually has ambiance. Charlotte is really "chain hell" when it comes to restaurants to its nice to feel like you are walking into to someone's house for dinner. The second floor really is like sitting in someone's living room. Every time I have been, the place gets packed out and they keep coming back so make a reservation before hand. 

P.S. If the weather is nice, take a stroll around the block and check out all the well maintained bungalows and Craftsman style homes, each one is so unique just like the 300 East house.笑
French onion soup... mmmmm. definitely a stop when i come back to the city..笑
Service was great, atmosphere is nice, food was great and not the norm. Try the sweet potato ravioli! They've got a fair selection of vegetarian options. Moderately pricey, $10-$16 an entree. Quite yummy.笑
This is the food I want as my final meal when I'm sentenced to death or have hours to live on my deathbed... someone better bring me 300 EAST to ease my final moments! 

I literally dream about eating here. When my boyfriend and I have dinner at 300, he taunts me for sitting across from him with my mouth open, eyes glazed in the middle of a food-gasm.

The prices are way too expensive, but they're totally worth it... This just means I'm only capable of visiting every few months because of the $$$.

The service is good. Most of the time our servers are attentive and friendly, but recently we ending up waiting for over an hour for our entrees... something to do with the ticket printer?

Now let's talk about the good stuff:

-Baked Marinated Goat Cheese: Holy moly this appetizer is amazing! Rich goat cheese with whole cloves of garlic and sun-dried tomatoes.  This dish totally melts in your mouth. I recommend substituting the crusty bread for soft pita. Mmmmm.

-Sweet Potato Ravioli: I DIE!! They only give you 4 pieces, but this stuff is so rich I'm not sure you could eat more than that. The Gorgonzola cream is what makes this dish, if the restaurant wasn't so classy I might pick up the plate and lick it clean. 

-Fall Salad: BEST SALAD IN MY LIFE! Hands down. Greens are super fresh, port-wine soaked cherries are the bomb, yummy pine nuts, and goat cheese a plenty.  I substitute the pancetta dressing for balsamic.

PROS: heavenly food, fresh ingredients, diverse menu selection, vegetarian friendly

CONS: too expensive, limited parking, limited seating笑
Really fresh food with some creative dishes.  I loved the sesame glazed salmon, but the rest of the dinner (sides, apps, drinks, service) were pretty average, but not bad.

The brunch, was good, but for the price, I would not go back.  

Overall good food, but maybe a little bit overvalued.