Mmmm. The Laredo Steak melts in the mouth!!! The after-dinner chocolate chip cookies are a winner too. They're a very good chain. I recommend.笑
This place has your standard American Chain Restaurant Food and the tchotchkes-esque decor. The restaurant is large, casual, family friendly, but also has a full bar and food/drink happy hour from 5-7. Honestly, my expectations were pretty low, but the food wasn't half bad for what it was. Cool thing #1, Apparently they have a sundae bar? #2, They give you free chocolate chip cookies. #3, They have fried dill pickles! The pickles were sliced instead of spears, so yay for that. I wish the pickle itself was saltier/dillier, but I enjoyed the cornmeal batter. I had their tortilla soup and village salad. Both were tasty, and the whole meal was $10. Not too shabby!笑
Business travel, stayed near the airport and needed dinner. Yelped this up and got mixed reviews. Tried it and I won't go back. Shame of it is the staff was fine. Attentive and some interesting beer on tap. But the place was dirty, to my eyes, and the All American burger I had was disappointing.笑
Do you want something sweet?  Order their Peach Tea.  It was like a liquid jolly rancher!  It's actually pretty good so long as you know that your tea is gonna be uber sweet.

The chicken noodle soup had my favorite kind of rectangular mooshy noodles in it.  I had the soup along with the turkey BLT.  The toast was a little soft, but there was definitely lots of turkey jammed in there.

My husband had the buffalo chicken sandwich & fries.  It was a great stop for lunch.

The most amusing part was when our waitress asked if we wanted shots.  Mmmm?  Not on a Sunday afternoon but maybe next time!笑
Don't mind the map folks, this place is in the heart of the Robinson shopping Mecca.  It is located on the same Andrews Drive as Sam's Club, Lonestar, Don Pablo's, and Citizen's Bank.

M&E's fits nicely in the same niche as the TGI Friday's and Applebees of the world, however after today's visit I'm convinced that M&E trumps the rest of the All-American Grille type establishments.  This particular location (and the one in Stanwix from past experiences) offer a higher level of food quality than the same genre's competitors.  The service and value offered was great as well.

This time around there was three of us in our party.  Two burgers and one Club sandwich was ordered along with loaded fries, a Coke Zero (mine!), and Pomegranate Margarita.  As an appetizer a cup of the Tortilla Soup looked and tasted rather scrumptious, the tortillas were fresh, the soup very very very savory and my favorite part was that it was LOADED with cheese.

I didn't try the burgers, but I've had them before that their good.  Both of my friends thought they were rather good.  They also raved about their loaded fries.  Although it was said that the corn on the chili with the loaded fries was unexpected, haha.  I had their Club Sandwich...and darn was it good.  The bread was fresh, which I think makes or breaks the whole thing.  Ham and Turkey were salty enough to be mmm mmm meat but not enough to overpower the perfect amount of veggies and cheese included.

Unfortunately we didn't take a crack at the Sundae Bar or their oven-fresh cookies.  Mostly because the portions for dinner were big enough we took part of our meals with us to-go.  M&E's in Robinson was certainly a VERY pleasant experience...I'm looking forward to checking out some of their other menu items.笑
Fantastic as usual. Great tortilla soup, great Santa Fe salad, fantastic service. The only negative I have is that he tables in the middle have poor lighting. They should have a light overhead just like the tables aligned against the wall.笑
Ordered ribs, which came to the table cold. Refrigerator cold. Sent 'em back for more fire, came back at room temperature. Gave up on that meal. No apology from the manager, who was politely informed of the issue. 

I did get in touch with HQ and they offered free food which I declined. Just wanted them to know how awful that meal was and how far they'd fallen.

Used to eat at Max & Erma's frequently after moving to PIT in 2006. Then the chain was bought, went bankrupt and changed hands again.笑
Needed to find a place to eat for dinner while I was in town for work. They have changed their menu since the last time I was at M&E. The waitress was very friendly. The food was good.笑
My family and I dined here and we all enjoyed our meals. The waitress was very kind and attentive to our needs. We will definitely visit again!笑
I'd only been to a M&E restaurant 9 years ago in Downtown Pittsburgh. I remember making a mess of myself trying to eat their burger.

This time I used silverware. 

What I did was modify their Honkytonk Burger, which aleady came with pulled pork, BBQ mayo, deep fried pickles, and bacon between two pieces of Texas toast. I added a spicy mayo, guacamole, and caramelized onions among some other things to make it a little more heinous, so much so that eating it by hand was futile; a knife and fork were required to dispatch the beast for good. Nonetheless, it made for a pretty mighty (if not legendary) medium rare burger, one that dripped like a leaky faucet when I first bit into it.

I had a taste of Kay's Laredo Steak and was transported to Ruth's Chris for half a minute. Seared to an on-target medium rare and seasoned well, the square of beef wilted in my mouth with little chewing needed. 

Whether or not they are pre-fabricated, their sextet of fresh-baked chocolate chip cookies are a fun, rudimentary way to finish the meal. Just like their damn fine seasoned french fries, the cookies have an outer crisp and a thermal, soft interior made bloody rich by the melted choco-bits. And they come to you on an aluminum pan with a spatula. 

Marilyn, our server was a delight and handled her duties well. 

I'm not regretting our post-wedding visit with Max and Erma late yesterday morning. They're a cute couple to hang out with even if they have many counterparts all over the U.S. of A.笑
I really enjoyed the time I spent here with my childhood best friend's mom.  Good food, good service, excellent company.笑
The boyfriend and I took a whirlwind trip to Pittsburgh to see the Steelers-Ravens playoff game. We were trying to eat at places we'd never been to before (so, no Chipote or Five Guys or Don Pablo's) and were intrigued by Max and Erma's. We had never heard of it, so we thought we'd give it a try. 

Our server was really nice and service was very prompt. She always checked on us to see if we needed any refills and how our food was. The service is really what makes this a 3-star review instead of a 2-star. 

The food was probably more of a 2-star. It was okay, but certainly nothing extraordinary. Bf and I decided to split two sandwiches for some variety. We chose the chicken-tomato-mozzarella and the cheesesteak. The chicken sandwich was pretty good: the chicken itself was cooked well and was moist, the mozzarella was tasty, and the tomatoes and basil were appropriately proportioned. The cheesesteak was underwhelming at best. Maybe I'm spoiled to a local cheesesteak place, but this was definitely not what I expected. It was very much a chain restaurant's attempt at a cheesesteak. 

I heard they had a sundae bar, but we didn't partake. Maybe that would've made up for the underwhelming cheesesteak, but oh well. 

Basically, Max & Erma's is a fast casual chain restaurant like a Friday's or Bennigan's.

The next time we make it up to Pgh, we're going to try to stick to local places. We know what to expect from Max & Erma's, and it's just kind of "eh."笑
The new fish tacos are delicious!! I love fish tacos and these were fantastic. Kayla our waitress was excellent! She was so good to us. We couldn't have had better service. Definitely worth stopping by. Very clean , great food and courteous staff.笑
For 8:00pm on a Friday night in Robinson, the restaurant was busy but there was no wait. Our waitress was on a smoke break (we could smell it), so we had to wait a few minutes until our waitress arrived. 

The Chicken Tortilla soup was amazing as always. I tried a new Gouda and Bacon Burger, which was interesting and delicious. The Gouda was melted so it changed the flavor. Instead of lettuce there was spinach on the bottom between the bun and burger, so it didn't fall apart.笑
Service is terrible. We waited forever for our waitress. She was friendly but we never saw her. Food was good.笑
Their chicken Tortilla soup is the best i have ever had.  I also like their Chicken Parm.  If you ever go to a Max & Erma's you have to make sure to try the Soup..笑
Very good atmosphere! The wait service is excellent. The food is pretty good. The menu could add some things but over all i am excited for my next visit.笑
I'm sorry I don't like to post bad or negative reviews normally. Usually  I like to say something good or I just don't say anything at all but I must say I was pretty disappointed with Max and Erma's, we had the buffalo cheese dip as an appetizer  a Caesar salad, steak and cheese sandwich and my fiancé had?  I forget the official name but it was steak with mushrooms or something, I felt like the food was average at best !!  it was maybe comparable to or even below Eat N  Park standards. The bathrooms were definitely dirty and stinky-- both bathrooms. The waitress/service  however was awesome she was very polite on point  and all-around great but I will not be visiting a Max N  Ermas again.笑
Eh. It's okay.  I had a Mediterranean past and it was just okay.  The combinations of spices/flavors didn't really work.笑
You can't go wrong with Max & Erma's for family friendly casual dining. Our on most recent visit with baby in tow, the staff were super nice, and gave us a bunch of individual saltine packets to keep our little one entertained. My husband had the burger, we I assumed he enjoyed because he basically went to town on it. :) I tried their new ham & pesto ciabatta and yes to the tomato-pesto mayo I want it on all of my sandwiches from now on!  And while we didn't have it this time, both my husband and I are big fans of the tortilla soup.笑
Food was great.
Service was kind of slow. Waited 8 min for a beer. Just very sluggish.笑
Cannot go wrong with the tortilla soup! The tortilla burger is also amazing!笑
This place is absolutely amazing. I love the cookies and their unique hard to find desserts. I've only had the apple pecan chicken salad and it's amazing. My bf got the steak n shrimp and his steak was delicious and cooked perfect. I was too full to eat dessert but I ordered cookies to go and the waiter brought them out with our boxes and milks we ordered to go also. Service was excellent. We were in a rush on our lunch break and were in and out in about 40 minutes.笑
We used visit almost every Wednesday- free cookie Wednesday! We loved the menu, the food was consistently great, and the service was good. We had two bad visits with exceptionally slow service despite it not being busy and our orders being wrong. We took a break and came back. The menu had changed, but the yummy burgers were still there. Nonetheless, we had 3 bad visits again. The final straw was when the waitress put my boxed leftovers on the floor. I am still in disbelief. Fortunately, we have family in Cranberry and can get our Max & Erma fix there with good service.笑
Ok, so let me start off by saying that I used to LOVE Max & Erma's. I have been there going for almost 10 years. My absolute favorite dish was the fajitas. I had never had fajitas as good as theirs, even at a Mexican restaurant. Sadly, they removed those from the menu a couple years ago in leiu of a fajita quesadilla... NOT that same thing. When I asked why, the server had no idea since it was one of their most popular menu choices. Luckily, I took a very strong liking to the 3rd Street Salad so that became my go-to order for most of our visits.

Fast forward to last night. They have once again changed their menu and it's even worse this time. They have cut selections down so badly that all they offer now fits on one page front and back. They got rid of the shrimp (my husbands favorite meal) and and ton of other great choices. They now mostly offer burgers and sandwiches. 

We started with the spinach dip as our appetizer, one of our favorites other than the pretzels.... BIG SURPRISE... they changed the recipe. It didn't look bad when it arrived but they now melt cheese on top and add cut up tomatoes to hide the fact that the dip is overloaded with spinach and super runny. It tasted SO bland! We added a bit of salt to help out but that was a big disappointment! 

I ordered the 3rd Street Salad, at least they still had that on the menu, and my husband ordered the chicken with fries and asparagus. You know that salad that I absolutely loved... you guessed it... they changed up the dressing. Oh my gosh I can't even begin to describe it. It was like almost straight oil, no flavor and made my sick to my stomach. I CAN'T believe it, they took a perfectly good salad which many of us had come to love and changed the best part about it. It was awful. I didn't even finish 1/2 of it, it was far too oily (so much so the lettuce was shiny... I'm not even joking) 

My husband's chicken & fries were OK, but the asparagus was a light yellowish green and hardly appetizing. If that had been it, we could have lived with it without giving it a bad review but for the fact that everything was so different this time and certainly not for the better, I have to let people know... especially those like us who used to go frequently. 

They server and service was fine, this is not against them at all. She saw that we had barely touched our food and asked what's wrong and we told her. We asked if they had changed the recipes and she said she didn't know if they did for the spinach dip but they definitely did for the salad and salad dressing. What a shame!!!! In her defense, she did ask if we wanted to speak with the manager but we declined. We are not here looking for a free hand out but I can tell you that this will be the last time we go there for dinner. It just keeps getting worse. :(笑
I haven't been to a Max & Erma's for a long time so when a friend suggested we meet there I was game.  I surprised that it wasn't crowed at dinner time.  We all tried the $9.95 hamburger that came with soup or salad, fries and a cookie.  Great buy!

The hamburger was excellent! Cooked just the way I like it and it was one of the best I've had in a while, the Tortilla soup was amazing, the fries well wasn't the best part of the meal and if I would of known I would of asked for something else, and the cookie! White chocolate macadamia, excellent!  Great value good food.  

I noticed that the bar had lots of TV's but only had a couple of people ... could be a good place to watch a game ... So give the place a try and see what you think..  ; )笑
Great burgers at a reasonable price. We'll definitely be back, especially for the cookies!笑
Gross. We like the one in Scott Township so we tried the Robinson location while we were nearby. Service acted annoyed we were there. My pregnant wife asked for her steak (salad) medium/well and it came out super rare, when we mentioned it to the waiter, he acted super annoyed (that THEY screwed up). And the wait staff were all fighting/arguing with each-other and the manager. They really need to get their act together if they want to stay in business.  Anyways, I can tell you confidently that I will never go back here again and wouldn't recommend it to anyone I liked.笑
The place was a mess. I usually try to find at least one positive but here I fail. Tables and chairs dirty, the floor covered with food and other things. The waiters and other staff did not care about this and preferred hanging around at the hostess stand. Food was not tasty at all. My wife and I had stomach pain the night and the next day.笑
First time trying the place. On a need we grabbed burgers to go and my husband is picky but he and the whole family enjoyed  them. Will be trying the special nights soon笑
Eh. As an extended family, we've met up w the kids, parents, grandparents, & such twice this month  in the mid afternoon after shopping. It's extremely family friendly.  Both times MY waitress was EXCEPTIONAL. 

Both times management was abrasive and awkward; as was other staff. 

During our first visit, upon being seated we asked the manager if we could change our seating due to where our high chair would be located. The manager loudly sighed and rolled their eyes! I was shocked. I know rotations are a pain but the place was empty so there was no need for the high chair to be where it was. 

As our food arrived, only our waitress worked alone to bring it out. (Weird when so many people were doing nothing) Several waitstaff, a bartender, and the hostess were hanging out at the hostess stand chatting. I forgot to ask for a plastic spoon for my toddler. I approached the half dozen staff who were gossiping and asked for a set of plasticwear.  I was told that I would have to wait for my waitress to return and to ask her to get it. The hostess, bartender, and other waitstaff (on the clock) continued to chat as I returned to my seat. Who does that? 

Now as for our food. It was really good. We tried a bunch apps. Something to munch on but not dinner. Ordered the meatballs, nachos, quesadillas, buffalo tenders, black bean roll ups. Everybody ordered an appetizer. When food arrived, we realized that we ordered way too much. The food was nice in size. Kids loved it. Everyone was very satisfied w the food orders. We boxed up a lot to go home. The dogs were quite pleased with dinner later in the evening. 

Chicken Fajita Quesadilla- 5 pieces of chicken quesadilla w peppers and onion, served w guacamole & Pico  (yum)

Kids Burger- 2 mini cheeseburger- kids loved them. Quality beef. Gobbled down quickly

Cheese App- 4 skewers w 4 cheese cheese cubes on each. Serves w ranch and marinara. Like sophisticated mozzarella stickers.  

Meatball- a gigantic meatball. Didn't try it but was a hit amongst the family.  

Nachos- really big. Good. Kind of expensive. Would order again for happy hour price but not full price. Could use more cheese. 

Black bean roll ups- really likes these.  Ordered steamed. MrToddler loved them when dipped in ranch dressing. 



Because of the food & our server. We decided to try again. Bad idea. 

Yesterday, we sat next to a dirty table throughout our entire meal. For over an hour. 

Meanwhile, I could see the manager and other waitstaff chatting and resting at a wait stand in the next section and doorway to the kitchen. 

My waitress and others in my section were clearly over their heads trying to run food, drinks, fill ice, and take orders; while other sections had standing around doing not a thing, leaning on stands and talking. Bizarre dynamic. 

Looking at a dirty table for over an hour isn't enjoyable but watching staff not give each other a hand is irritating. 

As for managers. Could they be any more awkward? I doubt it.  I give credit to the servers working there who are providing excellent service and going above and beyond.  It's pretty obvious that they're doing it on their own.  While I could write further in depth about the food at Max and Erma's, I feel it's a waste of time due to the low quality of management leadership & morale ruining the dining experience.笑
The fish and chips were great.  I love their pretzel sticks.  Service was good as well.  It's a 4 star chain 3 star restaurant experience.笑
This is a great place. Wife loves the tortilla soap, I love the tortilla burger ( it's awesome) and the daughter loves the fresh cookies and ice cream bar... I like that the cookies are FREE...(on Wednesday). The wait staff is always there for our wants and needs.笑
I am typically a forgiving reviewer...by in this case I can't hold back. 
This was my younger son's favorite Resaurant and we often celebrated his birthday and other events here. We always enjoyed the above average food and ambience here. While my son was away at college we never had an opportunity to eat a Max & Ermas until he recently graduated. For old times sake we went in June 2016. What in the past was a decent meal was now inedible. What a disappointment! The food and service have drastically declined. The waitress and other service people could care less. The place is dismal and its deterioration was best represented by the fact that their staff began vacuuming while the few diners were eating their meals. Max and Erma must be rolling in their graves at what has become of their namesake.
My advice-- don't go to eat here笑
Max & Erma`s tortilla Burger combo should be the 8th wonder of the world. An amazing Burger with fries, tortilla soup and a fresh baked cookie to boot! Skip on the overpriced burger from across the road and really treat yourself for about half the cost. You will not regret it!笑
I got the boss burger for st. Patty day and was good. Everything is always good and never leave disappointed笑
Service was way below average. While the chicken tortilla soup was delicious, it came out at the same time as my entree which is unacceptable. The server nonchalantly said they had to make a new batch of it. It would have been nice to know before it came out that there was going to be a delay. My salad came out with tomatoes, and I specifically asked for no tomatoes. When the server brought back out a new one it had remnants of tomatoes still in it so I ate around them. Once I brought these to the attention of the server, he never once came to check on our meals and see how we were doing. He never refilled our drinks. We also asked about the draught beer selections and the server was not knowledgable on these and did not even offer to go and find out information on them. There needs to be more of an emphasis on service. Even though this is a casual family chain, attention to detail is still important. Retrain your employees, specifically Kyle, I only found his name out from the check he dropped. He didn't even apologize for the mistakes throughout the meal when he dropped the check.笑
I worked here for a few years when I was in high school and 10 years later I still love the food笑
Well, I really wanted to like it. This was our second time trying Max & Ermas and a second time we were disappointed. We placed our order & salads came out 5 mins later which is great but our dinners didn't show up for another 40 mins.  I'd understand maybe if they were slammed but It was half empty.  When we received our food the burgers were undercooked and fries were cold.  The waitress was quick with the drinks tho we had to remind her to bring out the cookies that came with the meal. Overall this place isn't terrible but its also not good.笑
This was my second positive experience at Max and Erma's this week. I ordered the pretzel appetizer both times, and I had a different sandwich each time: the stacked club and the California grilled chicken club. Both were delicious, but the chicken club stood out. 

I absolutely love avocado on anything and this club sandwich had half an avocado sliced on the top! It also included grilled chicken, lettuce, tomato, bacon, and a drizzle of ranch dressing. All basic ingredients that combined to make a real winner in my opinion! To top it all off, the service was fast and friendly. Just what I needed at the end of a busy Saturday.笑
"Stranded" in the area for a few days, we decided to check out Max & Erma's. We actually stopped into each of the restaurants in the area for a menu and settled here. 

Boy am I glad we did. This is a truly unique restaurant. I haven't been to a sit down restaurant, with a bar, decent beverage selection that sells chocolate chip cookies and has a sundae bar. 

We started with the Max Draft Beer for just $5, Blue Moon and Troegs (a local brew and first try for me) and ordered dinner. My boyfriend had the "3-course" option which was tortilla soup or salad, a 6 ounce beef burger or turkey avocado swiss burger, and a chocolate chip cookie. I had the philly cheesesteak and asked the waitress to doctor up my fries to their loaded fries. They put fresh and crisp bacon, white cheddar cheese curds and this delicious beer cheese sauce. I highly recommend this cheese fry option. The sauce is truly yummy and is served very warm. 

We finished off with a light, quite beautiful pitcher of pineapple, white peach sangria. 

All in all, I will definitely stop back anytime I'm in the area.笑
One of the best, if not the best, buffalo chicken sandwich in Pittsburgh. Even though its small it fills me up pretty well with the french fries which are also very good. The burgers are good, the salads are good, french fries are good, friendly service, clean and a all around well run store.笑
We used to love Max N Erma's. We loved to go on Wednesdays for Free Cookie Wednesday, but, they ended that sometime around April 2016. That was disappointing, but we still visited and got cookies to go! The last few times we went we got the same waitress who was VERY slow. Food came out wrong a few times, (nothing major, bacon on a burger when I didn't ask for bacon) so we hadn't visited in awhile. Today we visited for dinner. It was somewhat busy for a Saturday afternoon and we had a great waitress! The menu was different than the last time we visited.  It went from a spiral bound book to a single piece of menu paper front and back. They took away the "make your own burger", but when I asked for it, the waitress said I could get that still. So, I got my usual' a cheeseburger with a fried egg on it. The waitress returns after a few minutes and tells me the cook said they do not have eggs so I cannot get a fried egg. A little strange, but ok, I guess.  Also they now have changed their burger to 1/2 pound burgers as opposed to the two sizes they used to have (the erma and Max). Not a complaint since I don't mind more food, but something worth pointing out. Not happy with the menu changes. I sure missed my fried egg burger!! How does a restaurant not have eggs?笑
I should have known better.. How are these places still in business.  After being ignored by the two hostess for 5 minutes, once seated, the fries were the hardest French fried sticks I've ever had.  Their Cajun burger was a patty with onion and smothered with something they consider Cajun.  Should have gone to the 5 guys across the street.