I feel I can only give a 4, which can so possibly turn into a 5 star rating, as I didn't get to see their full menu!!!

I had a chicken roti taco while at the ROM's Friday Night event. The taco was large, crispy with a soft inside, fresh, flavourful and freaking delicious! With all the food stands throughout the museum, these guys had the best location. They were right at the front door, which drew my hungry soul right towards them. 

I took a business card, as I was a little tipsy and knew I'd forget the name, and instantly googled them in my hungover state the next morning. Knowing my current location was too far  away and instantly craving their delicious tacos, all I could do was follow them on Facebook where they post the location of their truck. Now, I await following their FB page for an update on their next location on the streets of Toronto! Like a hangry scavenger hunt. 

Definite recommendation for anyone who loves Asian fusion twist on a traditional dish!!!!Ǿ
Cant wait to eat here again. Had the chicken Roti tacos and they did not disappoint. The fried rice balls were over the top. Crunchy and tons of flavour.  Here hoping that they are back at Mel Lastman square next Friday. You cant keep me away!! Love these guys!Ǿ
Food Trucks are back in Toronto and much bigger and better than before!  I am so glad City of Toronto are allowing more food trucks on the streets.  I came across Me.N.U Food Truck when i was checking the list of food trucks in my work area via their website and when this was at Roy Thompson Hall and relatively close to where I work, my colleagues and I decided to pay them a visit.  Since then I came here on 3 separate occasions already!

I pretty much tried everything on their menu and I have to say, ALL of them taste super great, but if this is your first time and you really want to start it off with a bang, i highly recommend their Kimchi Pulled Pork Poutine.  The sauce and kimchi were fantastic, lots of pulled pork and fries were fried to perfection!  All the ingredients blended in so well together!  For just $11, I think the price is very reasonable considering their big portion and delicious end products!

Ball So Hard combo is also another good choice.  A taco and two fried rice balls are pretty filling for a lunch meal.  For the tacos, i recommend doing the pull pork also as it was more flavorful than the chicken and for the rice balls, both choices are good.

Me.N.U now also offers loyalty card!! Make sure you get yours when you pay this place a visit because I am SURE you will be back EVERYTIME!Ǿ
I have been waiting to try Menu Food Truck, and got excited when I found out they were coming by my work today, yay!

They only had 3 options today: Korean Pulled Pork Roti Taco, Satay Chicken Roti Taco, and Sexy Veggie Roti Taco.

I got 2 Korean Pulled Pork Roti Tacos combo with drink for $12

Tacos were a bit huge and I find them really tasty. I wish there was a little bit more sauce on the pulled pork, but over-all it was still tasty.

Was a little bit surprised when I bit into my taco, it was a bit cold, was expecting it to be hot as I ate it almost immediately.

If I come across Menu Food Truck again and if they have more options, I would definitely try their rice balls which is one of their more popular items.Ǿ
Tried them for lunch and ordered way too much for two. 

Had the roti taco, it was so yummy! Able to order a combo of two and get two different flavours. 

Also ordered the Peking duck poutine. The toppings were good but the fries tasted a bit soggy and old. 

Also ordered the mushroom rice balls which were a bit bland. Heard the meat ones were better 

Came to about $29 for two of us, not a bad deal for a downtown lunch!Ǿ
Good Food, Reasonably Priced. Me n. u Food Truck has a good crew and interesting Asian Fusion offerings. 

Rice Balls are quite filling and I love their flavour. I just wish I am able to see them around more.

Peking Duck Poutine?? Kimchi Poutine? 

Me n. u's menu changes all the time which I prefer as this makes everything more interesting!Ǿ
They catered the event I attended at the Brickworks. They had rice bowl with pork belly and lemon grass chicken. I love their Hainanese rice with pork belly, it came with salad. They are young guys who love to cook, very pleasant to chat with as well.  One of the chefs, (Jeff?) lived in SE Asia, I think Singapore, he brings the flavour here.  I also saw ABC kecap manis, bonus point. If you are reading, guys, I suggest you try Bango instead of ABC, it tastes better.  I wish the Hainanese rice bowl with pork belly is in their permanent menu.  I didn't see it in their regular food truck menu, cos I really liked it. They are nice enough to give me the rice balls, but honestly, I prefers the rice bowl with pork belly. Glad that there is a new alternative for SE Asian food, other than Viet and Thai.Ǿ
Menu... Me n' u... Me & You... I had a sensible chuckle.

I have seen this food truck at multiple local events. They usually have a HUUGE line ups. I decided to check them out and see if they live up to the hype.

Your options are tacos, rice balls, and poutine. Tacos are my favorite, rice balls and poutine are pretty tasty too. Try them all if you can. Generous portions. Reasonable prices.

Next time you are at a local event look for the black Me.n.u truck. It's probably your best bet right after the ice cream truck.Ǿ
Rating is 3.5 stars.

I ordered a kimchi pulled pork poutine.  Pretty presentation.  Bold flavors.  Lots of kimchi. Fresh chives.  Pulled pork was tasty.  The fries were very soggy, unfortunately.  Lack a crispy exterior on all of them.  $12 for this portion is approximately the same price in some restaurants.  

Still a decent food truck.  Will try other things next time.Ǿ
The great debate in Toronto for Food Trucks, and here we have an enthusiastic example here with Me.n.u, which I incorrectly called "Menu" at first. Apparently, it's a "me and you" thing. Har har har

I got the advertised Balls so Hard combo ($11), which consists of two rice balls, and a taco. I also ordered the Vietnamese coffee ($3). The rice balls were delicious! Topped with a drizzle of Siracha sauce, green onion, cooked peaches, fried pork and other sprinklings of goodness, the two rice balls were distinct in their flavours. Inside was melty cheese, and was overall filling. My gripe is that I didn't choose which rice balls I could get, and they didn't tell me either. So I can only guess what I received.

For the taco, I got the Malaysian Satay Chicken. I love that it's served on roti, because it holds the ingredients so much better. Lots of spice to this, and lot of flavour. Another win.

Am I happy that the meal costs $11? It's reasonable for lunch, but the portion was JUST right for me. Which means others might be hungry still. 

Last note - the Vietnamese coffee. I had two other friends try my coffee for me, and they all declared me crazy (or alcoholic), so might be just me, but I keep tasting vodka in the coffee. So clearly, not for everyone!

Their schedule changes quite a bit, depending on local events, so you really need to 1) chance it or 2) check their websiteǾ
Inspired. Creative. Passionate. Delicious. The crew of the Me.n.u Food Truck puts out some delicious Asian inspired street food!

The Filipino Pork Adobo Roti Taco is full of flavour. The Gangnam Style (beef) and 1Up (mushroom) rice balls are out of this world! Track them down. Try everything!Ǿ
This food truck is amazing!! The food truck scene in Toronto isn't that exciting but I was pleasantly surprised when these guys parked outside my office building. The rice balls were AMAZING and I loved the cheeky name of the ball so hard combo!

Will def come back for more and bring all my coworkersǾ
* I'm looking forward to their rice bowl since it's remind me of the one I had at the Chairman in San Francisco 
*the menu of their site is slightly different with more variety of the rice balls, but the food truck seem to only serve 2 types so I wonder when they will bring the others onto the truck?

-Rice Balls (Taiwan and Osaka rice balls)
The Osaka rice ball consisted of Japanese beef curry, roasted edamame, diced carrot and curry potato, then topped with fried ramen noodles. The Taiwan rice ball consisted of Taiwanese sausages, hoisin garlic minced pork and diced potatoes. Both rice balls were crunchy on the outside, soft and gooey (stuffed with mozzarella cheese) on the inside. They didn't feel oily nor fatty either! In terms of flavors, I preferred the Osaka rice ball as you can taste the distinctive Japanese curry flavor in it. The Taiwan rice ball was good but I couldn't really taste the sausage, maybe more in the filling might have been better?

-Satay Chicken Roti Taco (roasted satay chicken, pickled carrots & red onions, sweet chili slaw, crispy onions and Sriracha mayo)
Another delicious dish! The chicken was moist and had lots of spices. The slaw with the carrot didn't have much flavor. With that said, they really helped to ease the heat from the chicken and sriracha mayo sauce! I love that instead of the traditional taco shell, they serve this on a roti because it held the ingredients so much better.Ǿ
Good food. A bit pricey for a food truck. But I liked that it offered something different. I got two rice balls and a taco. The rice balls were crunchy on the outside and delicious on the inside. They weren't oily or felt fatty. The taco was good as well but the pulled pork one didn't stand out for me. Overall I prefer the rice balls.Ǿ
Basically, I just had to write a review immediately because of how great this place was. 

Encountered the food truck when walking down University Ave. right in front of Sick Kids. I've actually never heard of it and was quite hungry so I decided to try it with my friend. 

There was about a 5 minute line which was perfect for me to decide on what to get. Looked at the menu and it was quite simple. They have Rice Boxes, Roti Tacos or Poutines ($9.50 each). And when I was there you can choose between pork adobo or green curry chicken as the protein in your meal (or if you get the taco, you could split and the protein between your two tacos). I decided to get the Roti Tacos (one with each protein) because I love rotis and my friend got the rice box - we decided to split an order of their rice balls (2 for $4) as well. 

Food came out within 5 minutes. I was quite surprised by the food to be honest. The rotis were crispy with the perfect amount of oil. The meats were flavourful: both the pork and the curry chicken! The rice balls were also really great - there were herbs and mushrooms that adds a lot to the flavours. I've had rice balls that tasted super bland - this was definitely not the case! 

Overall, super impressed by this food truck! Would definitely visit again if I see it again.Ǿ
I'm so happy to have happened upon this food truck at AwesTRUCK 2015 at Mississauga Celebration Square.

I ordered the Peking Duck Poutine, which was A-MAZING. The fries were extra crispy (I suspect they were lightly battered to achieve this texture), the gravy rich and savoury, and the duck tender and plentiful. I would have preferred real cheese curds to the mozzarella (?) cheese that they used, but that's a minor issue.

Also important to note that presentation was beautiful and the speed of service was excellent.

I highly recommend this food truck! They didn't win the People's Choice Award at AwesTRUCK for nothing =)Ǿ
This food truck is phenomenal, I'd give them six stars if I could!! I had it for the first time at Brickworks during the Wednesday night farmer's market. I had the rice balls but also tried a couple of other meals that people with me had ordered. 
Prices are great, variety and selection are wonderful and very unique and the food blew the competition out of the water. Would highly recommend to all!

Additionally, staff were great and very friendly. I'd hire them to follow me around each day if I could!Ǿ
Been twice to the truck.  First time ordered the $10 deal of two balls and a taco.  Tried both the chicken and been ones, and they had a strange flavour with cheese in them.  I didn't enjoy it.  I actually received the chicken taco when I asked for a beef one my first time, but I was pleasantly surprised at the contrast in flavours.  I did't enjoy the beef one as much, it feel a little too heavy, but it was still good.  Service was quick, you'll get food faster than Bahn Mi Boys, but for $10 you can get more at the restaurant.Ǿ
Just had these tacos at an event in Nathan Phillips square and I'm already wondering how I can track these guys down again! The Malaysian curry chicken was incredible, so flavourful! Glad I tried them out. Where can I eat these again downtown!?!