We're out of towners, and we were looking for someplace to bridge the gap between fast food and real Mexican food.  Rubios. was a nice quick fix.  We split a two taco plate and thought the ingredients were reasonably fresh. (way better than that Taco Bell place) and the service at this location was VERY friendly and helpful.  We thought the serving of beans was pretty minimal, and the salsa was lackluster, but acceptable, but the tacos were great.  Wouldn't go out of my way to find a Rubios, but in the fast food market, definitely a strong option!笑
I always come to Rubio's for Taco Tuesday. The service is always friendly with a smile and super polite! The restaurant is always kept clean and the salsa bar stocked. Keep it up you guys rock!笑
We had family in town and I didn't want to cook. I get tired of pizza or subs for larger groups (10 of us) and wanted something fairly healthy. I thought of Rubio's and wasn't disappointed! Everything was ready on time, and our burritos and salad were delicious. I'll definitely use Rubio's again for my catering needs.笑
Food was excellent, service not good. Order taker was not friendly and when I asked about the beans and chips not coming with my taco meal he simply said my meal doesn't come with those sides. However, the menu clearly states it does. Coke Zero was also out. Again, food was delicious and tasted fresh. Luckily, my home Rubio's isn't this one so I'll be getting better service at my normal spot.笑
Ok, so we know it's a chain and have seen plenty of locations everywhere. I'm giving a full 4 stars for this location because of the manager on duty the day I visited. The employees were all kept busy and the orderliness of the place showed that. I was hesitant to try the fish tacos because I'm just getting into fish (kinda) and usually chicken-out, literally, when it comes to tacos! But, the manager was so friendly and helpful and descriptive of what I would find when I tried the special, that I couldn't resist. Glad I couldn't! Delish, even for being "slightly fishy", and a nice spicy flavor with the mango salsa relish stuff!笑
This place is ran sooo smoothly. No matter how busy or slow, employees are super friendly and patient. Daniel (i think) is truly a delight. I love that I can have a beer while i wait. Although, I never finish it before my food pops up. Outstanding chicken. Thank you, Rubios, for making it so easy.笑
Horrible service. I attempted to have Lizeth, one of the counter employees, take my small catering order. She immediately threw her hands up and said I don't know how to enter that. She called her manager "Nate" to take the order. He was openly annoyed as "I'm busy doing something" was his response as he glared at me in annoyance. I was baffled that he was rushing to take my order and when I asked if they had bottled waters he angrily checked the fridge behind him and retorted "were all out." I wasn't offered anything else and frankly was stunned at his continued annoyance toward me.
I was told the order would take 5 minutes to be set up.... I returned after 15 minutes and my food was ready to go but not bagged. There were no other customers in the restaurant. I could not believe the lack of professionalism by a manager. There are simply too many places to choose from and mistreating customers is unacceptable.笑
I haven't been to Rubio's in years and I was craving crispy fish tacos. Lucky for me, there is a Rubio's close to me so hubby and I decided to head over half an hour before they close. 

I ordered the two tacos especial plate, which comes with chips and beans. I didn't care too much for the beans and chips and salsa, but the fish tacos were sooooo good!!! I forgot how good they are. 

I also ordered a churro and that thing was delicious too!! It had so much cinnamon on it, which I liked and the inside was so soft. It was a really great churro. 

I will definitely be a returning client especially on Taco Tuesdays!笑
I absolutely love Rubios but this location is having some serious issues. The staff isn't very pleasant or efficient at all. Dining in is a mistake because that place is not clean. It is hard to enjoy the food when everywhere you look needs a clean up. I wish management would notice the issues and make the necessary changes. The prices are not cheap so it would be nice to have some more quality in the experience.笑
I got the Blackened One Burrito® and was pleasantly surprised. I would give them 5 stars but I waited 11 minutes for my food. (Yes I time people) I could tell they sent all their cooks home but one, I'm thinking because its Sunday during a football game isn't the busiest. Restaurant felt and looked very clean and people were friendly even with my inpatients. I will go back.笑
Mango Habanero tacos. Amazing. The employees here saw that we were hungry, and they were slammed. I was so elated when they swung by and gave my boyfriend and I a total of 4 free meal coupons out of a thank you. A little patience goes a long way, and so does gratitude for your customers. Best Rubio's ever! :)笑
The manager Linda is awful, but everyone else is great.  Especially Daniel.  He's awesome.  The food is good but the place is often dirty.笑
I love Rubio's Original Fish Tacos.... I don't think you can beat them... the fish was very fresh in it (not fishy tasting).  Tried the Sangria and corn roasted guacamole for the first time and will have them again!!  For fast food fish tacos, THE BEST!!!!  And the manager was very friendly!!笑
For good old 'baja style' fish tacos, Rubio's is a pretty good place.
They might have other stuff that's good, but...I just go with the traditional fish tacos.
Good.  Quick.  Reasonably priced.  Not the same-old same-old fast food.
Give it a go!笑
I typically don't write yelp reviews, but after tonight's visit it was necessary. The food was fine, but the staff was so unprofessional it was shocking. When a group of us walked up to the counter to order the entire kitchen staff just looked at us in disgust. Then started whispering to each other while we were up
There! Um hello?! We can see you! My husband and I's order came out in a timely matter, but our friends took 10 minutes after ours and all she got was nachos! Then the lady brought it out and said sorry it took so long we ran out of beans. My friend asked specifically not for beans. The kitchen staff was screaming and laughing in the background while customers were waiting for their orders. All in all, just a bad experience and definitely won't be coming back to this location.笑
I've never been to a better rubios! my food is always cooked perfectly and they work with how picky i am without an issue. Bryce is my favorite grill cook and Daniel the manager has great customer service. the whole pm staff rocks!笑
Bombbbbbbbb, amazing food. I love this place so much that i frequent here about 2 times a week. The service is outstanding! Edgar, Daniel and Ariella are too sweet and they always know what im going to order. 

The fish taco is a standout, tasty and sustainably sourced. The red sauce they use on it is very mild though almost like a marinara but it works with that crispy fish fillet. Yummm. 

My ultimate favorite though is the gourmet chicken taco, holy taste buds! 
Let me break it down for you. Served on a corn tortilla with a melted goey white cheese and a crispy layer of cheddar cheese im guessing, crusted on the tortilla like a damn cheese crisp. Atop that is the grilled chicken, red tomatillo sauce that is very flavorful and mild, a creamy chipotle sauce, fresh onions and cilantro and then of coarse bacon! 

YOU MUST GO NOW!!!笑
$1.50 fish tacos on Tuesday that taste like good quality fish.  A couple cold Coronas and it don't get much better for the price.  I'm definitely a fan.笑
Just so everyone that eats here knows... I went to the location near the mall and I literally saw one of the workers there use his two figures to pick his nose and seriously EAT IT. Are you kidding me??? Later I found out that this employee was a manager named Daniel. I can't believe they have someone working there that would pick his nose, let alone a manager. I have to say I wasn't fully surprised... His hygiene was noticeably crap. I'll NEVER be back to any of their locations EVER. That is completely unexceptionable.笑
Awesome tacos and burritos. I go here especially to have the the shrimp tacos and burritos. Shrimp tacos and burritos are those where you dont get in every taco or burrito place. I am so happy that Rubio's makes these.笑
I love love love Rubios!! The food taste fresh and is always great. I usually get the chicken tortilla soup with a health mex chicken taco. The soup is loaded up with chicken, cheese, pico de gallo, rice, avocado on top along with chips and lots of tasty flavors!! The chicken tacos are by far the best tacos.... well I guess that not fair to say because I have never tried any other taco because the chicken tacos are that good!!!!  If you like fresh inexpensive mexican style food then you will absolutly love Rubios!!!!笑
Love Verde shrimp tacos!  And...the chips are thin and crispy - also great salsa bar!笑
30 minutes to make 4 fish tacos and they screwed up the order.  Never again.笑
I LOVE the California Bowl with Grilled Chicken and the Red Chipotle Salsa! Reminds me of Chipotle with a more authentic mexican taste! Healthy option and def worth trying! Also, Taco Tuesday they have a special on their fish tacos a la carte!笑
What can I say, Rubio's rocks.  I can go to almost any of them and they are very graceful and accommodating to my diet needs.  This one is on the way to my kids old school, so I could stop here and get some to go items.  The manager and employees are very nice.笑
Kind of shocked at my recent Rubio's experience. Shortage on staff led to many things wrong with the place.  For one, the place was filthy.  Dirty tables, dirty floor, messy drink station; it was foul. Secondly, our food took forever.  I'd understand if the place was packed, but there was only one order ahead of mine.  Then, when my burro finally did come, it was just sitting there on the plate by itself; no chips, no garnish.  Just the burro!  I bit into it & the tortilla was hard and almost cold.  I have never had a "hard" burro in my life, and I'm hoping never to have one again; it's not a good thing. Needless to say, I left the restaurant feeling totally unfulfilled and yet quite happy that places like chipotle and cafe rio are nearby.笑
Good prices, delicious tacos, and a salsa bar, what more could you want?

Keep in mind this is a quick service Mexican restaurant (order at the counter and seat yourself), but that doesn't degrade the food quality. Great for lunch or a quick, casual dinner.  Classic tacos with any of the meat options are a win!笑
Just had another great experience at a Rubios, this one made all the better by the awesome lady taking our order - Gladys!!  She was very kind and like the great food, she makes us want to come back here again.  Tonight we were in a hurry, so we picked up a couple Cabo Plates and a Coastal Trio to go.   She was very careful to double check that each item in our order actually made it into our to-go bags before we left the restaurant (an important detail which other places often forget).  Now back in the car and on our way, just a quick pit stop to be cheered by kind people like Gladys and the freshest baja food around!  Hats off to this location; keep up the great work, Mr. Rivera!笑
Food is always fresh and perfect portion size. I wish they had locations in Texas. Got my free taco and it was outstanding笑
I'm saddened that I have to give a 3-star rating today for Rubio's...  I talked this place up to my wife, who before this day had never been there. The experience was decent, but the amenities and the prices did not meet expectations. The prices are very high for what you get. We could have gotten an appetizer, two entrees, two drinks and a dessert from other places for the price we paid for a salad and a burrito. And saying that the burrito comes with chips is an insult to chips. The plate had about 15 chips on it, barely enough to cleanse your palate. I don't remember the prices being so high the last time I had been there, but maybe I just don't recall. But the worst part is the bathrooms!  First, the men's restroom is massive and only allows one person to use the bathroom at a time, while the women's restroom has three stalls. Then, the soap dispensers were empty, the paper towels were empty and the WORST part...  Neither restroom has a changing platform!!  I had to change my son on the filthy bathroom floor!!  Nasty!  How can you call yourself a family restaurant, when you don't even have a place to change a kid's diaper?!  For the bathrooms alone I would give 1-star, but the food was tasty, which is the only thing saving this review.笑
LOVE their nachos with chicken and no salsa... I get it every time now. They have a wide selection of food and they have a salsa bar so you can add your favorite kids. Not a salsa fan so never tried any of them but the hubby likes a few of them. This location is pretty clean and the people are friendly.笑
Such a great little place. We can argue for days about Authentic or not....Who cares? 
The Food is fresh and yummy! Not too much salt or grease and everything seems to be made to order. 
I went for the Coastal Trio which was Fish Taco, Shrimp Taco, Tilapia Taco! All were great and loaded with fresh ingredients. If I had to nit-pick the tortilla could've been a little softer, but it held together great! 
Salsa bar was amazing with something for everyone. I think 6-7 types to choose from. 
This is a very nice place that I will certainly visit again! 
If you like Seafood Tacos/Burritos, give this place a try. Don't let the Commercialized Type Presence scare you away, its very good food!笑
I have been waiting on a to go order for about 45 minutes.,... Still waiting..

This is not my first experience at this rubios. Last time I was here and found a hair in my food so I stopped eating it. Later that night I found myself throwing up over the toilet for about 6 hours

NEVER COME TO THIS RESTAURANT笑
First off let me say that up until tonight I was a huge fan of Rubios. I would always order their grilled shrimp tacos or bean and cheese burrito. It always tasted fresh and wasn't greasy. However, tonight I decided to try their new California bowl. I was expecting it to be somewhat similar to Chipolte's burrito bowls. Well . . . the concept was, but in reality it was not even close. The rice was clearly over cooked as it was all mushed together and had no flavor. I assume it is called the California bowl because of the guacamole. However, the amount of guacamole was highly disappointing. Once I mixed all the bowl ingredients together, I couldn't even taste the guacamole which is the best part. I added chicken and again highly disappointed with how much chicken they added. I could barely taste that there was even chicken. Overall, the NEW addition to the menu was a huge disappointment. In the future, Chipolte will be the only place I go for a delicious burrito bowl.

On a side note, I was also disappointed when Rubio's stopped carrying carnita's. They have two strikes against them in my book.笑
Cool spot.  Was craving something after a day of shopping and I saw that this was close by.  I wish I was still a pescatarian because they have so many dishes with fish or seafood!  I ordered the Grilled Gourmet Portobello & Poblano (no bacon) Tacos with Rice & Beans to go.  I loved that the tacos had lots of pieces of avocado in them (Caribbean girl alert!)  The food had a nice flavor, but I asked the girl to substitute flour tortillas instead of corn and she forgot.  Rice was also a bit mushy.  I'll try the chips next time.  Portions are small for the price.笑
I love this place!! I go almost every Tuesday for Taco Tuesday ($1.50 original tacos). Every experience has been positive, the staff are friendly, polite and accommodating. I usually sit outside and when the server brought out my food, he noticed that the sun was in my face so he adjusted the umbrella for me. 
If you sign up for their emails you will receive a free birthday meal and it's not an a-la-carte size meal either. Great value and amazing taste for a fast food place. 

My only complaint for this location is the front door handles, they are filthy and black. I hate touching public door handles anyway, so I usually bring a napkin with me to use to open the door.笑
I'm typically a fan of Rubio's.  I've been to many of their locations.  However, this one disappointed.  I ordered:

Steak Burrito Especial, $6.99
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rubios-fresh-mexican-grill-phoenix-5?select=ZOzRhgzHjp_MipYqG2Kn6A#ZOzRhgzHjp_MipYqG2Kn6A

Steak Street Taco, $1.89
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/rubios-fresh-mexican-grill-phoenix-5?select=4KJ_NtL5G2EXKqIca2zehA#4KJ_NtL5G2EXKqIca2zehA

The food came out in a short time.  While I was waiting, I went to the Salsa Bar to grab a few cups of their spicy Salsa.  The first item I ate was the Steak Street Taco....the meat was dry and Guacamole was bland.  I poured a lot of the Salsa on it to add flavor and give it some moisture.  Very disappointing.

Next, I had the Burrito.  That was dry too!  Even with the Sour Cream in the Burrito, it was dry...the Steak, Rice, Beans...all was dry.  Needless to say, I used a heavy dose of Salso on that as well.  To make it worse, the Chips that came with the Burrito were 1/2 fresh & crispy and 1/2 were covered in oil or stale...so they were chewy...that means they combined new, fresh Chips with a batch of old ones....bummer.

One positive thing is that the service here was outstanding.  The cashier was very friendly and had a nice, welcoming smile.  I also watched a customer complain that one of the sodas was out of syrup on the machine....the employee sincerely apologized and quickly remedied the situation by replacing the empty container with a new one.

I'll have to come back and give this place another try, it may have been an off day for them.

Return Factor - 60%笑
Yes, it's a chain, but because it's freshly prepared, as they claim, it is noticeably better than say, Chipotle. I wasn't too impressed with the pricing (gourmet tacos coming to about $4 each), but I did enjoy them. The salsa bar is a nice touch, and I do dig the Mexican beach theme.笑
Love, love this location.  Not only is the food good but the staff is great! Chrissy the manager is especially great!  We will be back!笑
These 5 stars are for the manager that was at the register. He greeted everyone asked how there day was and did it not like a robot but very genuine. Thank you the food was great and this was my first visit.笑
Always a fan... Taco Tuesday ($1.50 original tacos) is the time to go... after one pm i believe.. Salsa bar... have always got the same simple basic fish taco.. I think they have beer, love there fish sauce.笑
Knock out catering for large doctors offices!!! Always delicious, healthy, on time with rave reviews from office staff and doctors who attend. Todd bends over backwards to make sure everything is perfect and you can contact him in the middle of the night and he'll do his best to make it happen. Well maybe not the middle of the night but I've texted him at 8:30 at night and he's been supremely helpful!笑
I've been going to Rubio's for quite a while and I always like the food.   I must say the Rubio's at Tatum and bell has given me  incredible service the managers are awesome especially Daniel. Marcel gave us great service too!!_笑
The food is good but the portions are small. The price seems a bit high for the quantity of food that they give you.笑
I was pleasantly surprised by this location. I wouldn't call Rubio's "authentic" by any means but if you are looking for a quick fix for your taco cravings it will do the trick.

The food is pretty good. I adore their poblano and mushroom tacos. Not many places serve veggie tacos so this makes me happy. These tacos are stuffed with grilled poblanos, portabellas, fresh avocado, cilantro, and queso fresco. Plus the taco shell has cheese crisped on to it. It is a surprising and tasty twist. 

I have always liked their beans and before I discovered their tacos I would get a plain old bean burrito.

My husband always gets fish tacos or burritos and always says they are good.

Their salsa isn't the best but they have a few different kind of varieties.

Portion sizes are kinda flimsy especially their side items...

Service at this location is awesome! The lady running the register is sooooo nice and seems extremely competent.  

They also sell beer which is nice for a fast food establishment. I haven't imbibed yet because I always order takeout but I saw a sign that said all beer is $2.50 in the evenings. Hmmmm... I might have to come back for that.

Give Rubio's a chance- they might surprise you.笑
I had my first case, and I hope to God my last case of food poisoning from the chicken street tacos at this location. I used to really love Rubios for a quick yummy meal but am now hesitant to eat at one again. Hopefully it was just a one time fluke. I'm sure with time I will give them another try.笑
They changed the recipes for some of the items at this chain. I usually just get the Healthmex burrito here if I visit. The chicken is always white and lean and it comes out to $7.03, so bring a few pennies with you. It just has chicken, black beans, rice and some kind of sauce on the burrito. Always free chips. This location has a decent patio out front, but the tables are too close together in some instances. Salsa bar could use a new recipe as these same four salsa's have been gracing the bar since ten years ago. Only the green and the chipotle are worth eating and the onions have way too much parsley or cilantro - they should separate the items. Still, it's always a good guaranteed, know what your getting kind of place.笑
I just placed a to go order.  The people here are very friendly! The food is delicious.  My steak tacos didn't come with salsa and I wish I would have known that :(  but my fault for not asking.  It's delicious even without it!! Great food, great service, great lunch!!笑
I found the cashier, who happened to be wearing a manager badge, to be extremely rude and condescending. We were the only customers in line, they weren't very busy, but he replied to every aspect of our ordering with an attitude and snippy remarks such as, "I just said that" when I simply asked for confirmation about the order. I'm sure the food is fine but I was so irritated with the ordering experience we actually walked out after paying without waiting for the meal. I don't know if this experience reflects the values of the chain or is specific to this store but this particular individual shouldn't be customer facing.笑
AMAZING CUSTOMER SERVICE.  I came to this location at the end of the day to meet a friend for a quick bite.  I love rubios fish tacos but these had an awkward taste of funky grease.  I notified the gal behind the counter -  they were more than happy to replace the item with some chicken tacos with out question.  I'm usually not one to send food back - but when I might get sick I'll comment .  Thanks guys for making a possible bad experience an amazing one.笑
Those who place an order for "Dine In" should always been given a number. Always. Having to stand for a long period of time when you came to relax and enjoy yourself is not a good thing. The table was also dirty. If you're looking for a good Rubios, try the one on Raintree!笑
Rubio's has surprised me lately, I've become a fan! They have great battered fish tacos and if you go on Tuesday night, they are only $1.50!! You can't beat that deal.

I also really like their beans, I know that seems like such a simple thing but they have tasty pinto beans on the side with yummy tortilla chips to dip.

The staff has always been friendly and accommodating no matter which location I go too. My dad raves about the shrimp burrito, it's one of his favorites!! Because of the great prices and fresh ingredients, I may find myself at Rubio's more often!笑
It's been years since I have eaten at rubios and I was pleased with my return. Service was great. $1.50 tacos on Tuesday and omg the tacos git better!!笑
Love it!
The two taco plates with refried beans and chips are amazing. I've tried fish tacos, shrimp tacos, beef tacos and they are all good! 
My only complaint is regarding the shrimp and lobster burrito - it gave me stomach ache. Could have been a bad coincidence but I won't order this again :(笑
The fish tacos are delicious. They have good unsweetened mango tea. The manager and employees are super friendly.笑
This was the first time I came here and it was OK. 

The chicken was flavorful but the salsa were definitely lacking. 

Also, kind of on the expensive side considering it's a " fast causal" type place.笑
Been going to Rubios since they first appeared in the valley! This location is especially consistent in quality food and service.  Love the fish tacos and their selection has really grown!  Yummy.笑
I just yelled at a kid (8 y/o approximately) that I saw stick his finger in the salsa to taste it. 

Felt obligated to tell the staff because you'd assume they would immediately toss it out. It's contaminated! You all know where kids stick their fingers. It's usually not good. I go to the counter, approach a man named Chris with dark rimmed glasses and quietly let him know. He thanks me and I sit back down. Then I watch him do nothing. He tells no one. He continues to take orders. So, that's that I suppose. Booger-butt salsa for everyone! Weee!笑
Consistency of food is why I am giving this a 2 star.  I usually order the especial tacos and some days they have cole slaw  that over flows, and some days, you get a couple of strands.  Today, of the three tacos I got, 2 had slaw, 1 did not have hardly any, and 2 of the tacos were almost dry from the sauce that was supposed to be there, and one taco was so soaked in sauce that the tortilla fell apart as it was soaked to the max. Last three times I have been there it has been this way.  Restaurant is usually pretty busy and the condiment bar is usually a mess from all the people using it.  Not appealing.笑
Came here for a quick lunch on Christmas Eve. After running around doing errands, we were looking for a quick place to eat. We did not want a sit-down-eatery, but we did not want a super-fast-food place (think: golden arches). Perfection: Rubio's. For those East Coasters, Rubio's is chain Mexican Grill, similar in style to Panera. Aka: you order, they cook your food (cook, not microwave fast-food-style), and then you pick it up at the counter. 

I got the popular fish tacos (with guac and cheese). Mine was very tasty, I would definitely order it again. I would give these tacos a 4/5 in terms of "quick" Mexican! We also got the Atlantic salmon tacos. Not good. Very fishy and very little meat. The chips and black beans were good, so it made the whole trip a 3. I would come back for a quick lunch! The service was very friendly. The attendant at this Rubio's actually brought our food to our table! Great service!笑
Love the food and the cleanest one!! My husband and I have been to the north Scottsdale one and the one on 101 and both have dirty floors. Look at the corners. They're clean at the Bell and Tatum location.笑
I was craving a fish taco and this place was exactly what I was looking for! The tacos were creative and fresh. I loooooved the soy ginger fish taco. I would definitely come back again!笑
love dem burritos!

my hubby and i come to rubios several times a month. we love the hot, fresh chips, the flavorful salsas and the delicious veggie burritos. i recommend to my friends often.笑
Food is great. Staff are super nice and accommodating. Love this place! Wish they stayed on top of wiping down tables, otherwise it's perfect.  And like I said, the food is excellent and they aim to please so have it your way.  Nice friendly atmosphere.笑
I usually get the cheese quesadilla at least once every two weeks. The quality at this particular Rubio's is outstanding. The food is consistently good. Everyone is really nice there too.笑
Love my chicken balsamic vegetable salad @ Rubio's. Load it up with extra veggies (onions and cilantro, pickled jalapenos) and as much salsa as you want at the salsa bar.笑
I agree with a prevous poster who says this Rubios is the best in the area. The employees are super friendly and nice. Between my kids and myself, we usually make tons of modifications:( hold this, add that etc.)...I always order the chipotle ranch chicken salad (minus chicken and cheese w/ dressing on the side)..they always take my order without batting an eyelash and ALWAYS get it right..my salad is always crisp and fresh and we probably take out from Rubios 3 times a month...笑
Good place for a quick taco or two and nothing is too expensive. The kids menu is great and it's also nice to sit, it's not exactly a sit down restaurant but it's also not fast food. However The Sandbar at desert ridge is more or a sit down type of place and they have a great bar! Highly recommend if you like "Mexican grill" type of food.笑
This location is always quick and I like how they open a little earlier then most places. This was a perfect place for a mid morning lunch before heading around errands. The people are friendly and the place is always clean.笑
This location is great! They are always clean and have great customer service! All employees have a smile on your face and make conversation with you! The best of all is their food! They make it quick and have with flavor!笑
Never eat here. They got my order wrong and put some spicy sauce on my taco that made me throw up.