Despite not being a huge fan of tex mex food I was really impressed when I visited this Thistle St restaurant. The menu is varied, serving up unusual twists on classic tex mex dishes. I can recommend the steak enchiladas as well as the chilli - both were fresh, filling and tasty. The decor is bright and modern (lots of lime green and pink) and I found the staff to be relaxed and friendly. They also serve great cocktails and have a wide selection of wines and beers. Another great little restaurant on Thistle St - fast becoming my favourite street in Edinburgh for eating and drinking.笑
This place is ok, I wanted to check it out for a while but found it ok.
The drinks are probably the tastiest things on the menu.
The food was again ok but not so special, there was too much cheese and the actual portions were a bit small.
All in all not bad but not so good.笑
Good quality Tex Mex fare, in Edinburgh's wonderful Thistle Street. We summed it up: "the best tex-mex/Mexican food we've had outside of the States, which says a lot."笑
Not sure how authentic this place is, but enjoyed my visit there.


 The frozen margaritas were deliciously sour, especially with the salted rim. The paprika popcorn was incredibly moreish, and we got through 2 bowls in about 5 minutes.


 The nachos came with refried beans, which was unusual but tasty. Nothing world changing, but a good way to start off the meal.


 For main course, I had the gaucho grande - a mini taco with chilli, and a pork burrito. Both were good, although the frozen margarita is ruining my recall beyond that.


 We didn't manage any puddings, but the ones being brought to other tables looked tasty.笑
I really liked Tex Mex 2. I'd been wanting to go for awhile but didn't quite make it but with a girls night squeezed in before Christmas, we fancied margarita's and headed here.

I liked my margarita and the 1/2 litre jug is around £7.50 for the original type and about £1 more for flavoured (mango, strawberry, peach). The menu is pretty good - all the usual suspects such as chips and dips, chilli con carne, tacos, tortillas, flautas, burritos and more. 

I was tempted by the soft shell crab flautas and they were really good. Corn tortilla, fried, with a generous portion of crab, with guac, sour cream and salsa on top and salad on the side. They were good and I'd probably eat two lots of these and be happy!

I went for carnitas as a main - more like a tender pork stew with gravy rather than anything spicy but still tasty and would make for a good comfort food choice. I got corn tortillas with it as I'm GF and it was good. This dish probably didn't wow me, but I also probably should have ordered just two starters instead of a starter and main as I was pretty full as I worked my way through those chunky pork carnitas.

Staff were friendly and helpful - drinks and food came quickly and I loved the very moreish popcorn that was on the table as I arrived - yum. For two courses, 1/2 litre of margarita and a coke I was £27. 
I was totally stuffed and all tex mex'd out. Well worth a visit but it is small so it would be worth booking as there were more than a few disappointed peeps turned away...

Note - they do cater for gluten free peeps - most stuff can be amended and they have corn tortillas and tacos - there were only a couple of things on the menu which were totally off limits so this was great too, rather than half your choices disappearing after the question of  'what can be made gluten free?'笑
Literally the best restaurant in Edinburgh.


 The frozen margaritas are out of this world an the food is cooked perfectly.


 I almost don't want to write this review!笑
The margaritas here are so so so so so so good, the best ones this side of manhattan! Food is super good, service is friendly and scarily speedy and the restaurant itself is tiny and cute as! Seriously go, go! I'd hazard a guess at saying it's the best 'mexican' in edinburgh.笑
Tex Mex 2 has the best British Tex Mex I've had since moving to the UK. They're Spinach Enchilada (with re-fried beans in place of the chilies for me) manages my cravings every time I get a bit homesick. 

Price is important to me, and this is a place I can afford to eat at on a more regular basis - not to mention the decent amount of food you get for your money. The frozen margarita's and burgers aren't to be missed either!

The staff is very friendly and manage to squeeze us in each time we phone ahead or rock up without calling.笑
Reasonable Mexican food at rock-bottom prices. Great cocktails too. I went with a large group of people on a hot day and it was a little uncomfortable in the small dining area - most people had to go outside at some point for air. Other than that we all had a nice meal and were impressed by the service.笑
Sadly I was not impressed with my food this time around. 

I ordered the carnitas chimichanga and didn't expect my chimichanga to be entirely full of meat! Yes, no beans or rice or veg, only MEAT. That is more meat that I eat in an entire week. Not impressed.

There was salsa on top of it but would have much rather it had been inside the burrito to give some relief from the meat fest. Also the carnitas meat was way too seasoned. It didn't have that fresh taste that I expect from mexican food. Mexican food has a lot of veg and not so much meat. 

So, I ate like a quarter of the chimichanga before I felt like I might pass out. I brought the rest home and my partner had the rest for lunch and let me tell you he can pack it away and this thing filled him up. completely. 

All in all I guess many would think good value for money, yes, if you like LOTS of meat. Otherwise it would be better if they lowered the price a wee bit and put a fraction of meat in their chimichangas and add some beans and rice and veg.笑
Tex Mex 2 is a real gem, hands down! The atmosphere is awesome, food and daiquiries are awesome and staff is soooo friendly. Don't miss this restaurant during your stay in Edinburgh!笑
i have to apologise as this update is rather overdue!  i was in tex mex about three weeks ago after my boyfriend and i were turned away at two sushi restaurants because they were too full and couldn't seat us until some ungodly time by which point i think my stomach would have eaten itself.  i was starving!!!! and getting grumpy and wanted delicious food and drink on a friday night... but it seemed like the world was against me and then we went to Tex Mex 2 and all was well.

we walked in and the waiter recognised us (since we go at least once a month) and gave us a table right away.  while we were looking at the menu the couple in the corner table by the window left and we were offered that table since we were regulars and the table we were at was a bit crammed.  so bonus points for giving your regulars a bit extra :) 

the food was delicious as always as were the margaritas!!  but it was really the customer service that night that pushed this review up to five stars.  we were given a table straight away and then moved to a better one.  we were noted as regular customers and given a refill on the popcorn that you get while reading the menu.  our food was delivered promptly but with enough time to enjoy the meal and not feel rushed.  also when they brought us the bill they us gave us a voucher for a free margarita.  so yay for tex mex 2!  my beacon of light while other restaurants have the gall to turn us away.  you've earned your five stars!!笑
Hidden away on Thistle Street, I found that this Mexican restaurant was far superior to the more popular Chiquito's chain to be found five minutes away. The fajitas were really unique, featuring mango and butternut squash, and the complimentary paprika popcorn is a nice touch.


 Their margaritas are to die (or at least collapse) for, and the service is excellent. Fans of Mexican cuisine are urged to check this one out.笑
My husband and I stopped in for a quick bite to eat since we had just arrived in Edinburgh and were starving but knew it was a bit too early for a full dinner.

We ordered the quesadillas and guacamole and chips. I had Corona and he ordered a margarita. He said the margarita was delicious. My Corona tasted like Corona and was properly served with a lime. I would not consider the quesadillas a large enough portion to eat as a meal but they are good for a starter to share. The guacamole was odd to me. It had huge chunks of onion in it and now that I've perfected my own guacamole, I really have a hard time finding a proper one in restaurants, none-the-less, Mexican restaurants in the UK.

Having lived in the UK for a period of time now, I don't have high expectations for Mexican food, however, this place was actually quite good. I wish we would have had another day in Edinburgh to return to Tex Mex 2 and have a full meal but unfortunately we had to return to England after only a couple days in Scotland.

Reservations are recommended as this place is tiny (probably 10 tables). We were only able to get a table because we arrived at like 5pm and there was no one there. Not shortly after we given our food did the place start to fill up - with people who had reservations.

As for dress code, we were in jeans and light jackets. I think anything would go here - casual to dressy.笑
I went here last night for a friend's birthday dinner, never hearing anything about it before (I didn't even look at yelp!). Sometimes it's best to have an unbiased opinion beforehand. I was so excited to have some margaritas and tasty tacos, because it has been quite a while since I had either. I was blown away by the quality of food here. I started out with an order of guacamole, which is some of the best I've ever had, even in Mexico. Big chunks of tomato, scallions, cilantro, perfectly mashed avocado, it was delicious. For my main course, I opted for the chicken tacos, which were equally as amazing and full of flavor. Two perfectly sized taco shells filled with large chucks of seasoned chicken breast, and a heap of guacamole, sour cream and salsa on top. Finishing the dish was a side of spanish rice and tiny salad. Excellent food, it felt like I was in Texas or California instead of rainy Edinburgh.

Also, the prices are unbeatable. About £9 for the tacos, £4 for the guac, and the drink prices are cheap, especially for mixed drinks. Around £3.50 for a margarita, or split a pitcher with 3 people for £11 and get two drinks per person for the price of one margarita. Cute and homey decor, comfortable seats, and candles all around the restaurant. I'd go back here in a heartbeat.笑
Good atmosphere? Check.  Great food? Check.  Reasonable prices? Check.  All things you will find at Tex-Mex II on Thistle Street.
Last night was the second time I've been there and since it was so good the first time I thought I would like to go back for my birthday dinner.  We went with the full intention of getting a pitcher of margaritas, a main course and one of their delicious sounding desserts (their menu is on their website).
I love the quaintness of this place, there are about 9 tables in total with a colourful decor, making for a nice intimate dinner.  We ordered our pitcher of margaritas while we poured over the menu of delicious selections, trying desperately to decide what to order.  
While the nacho starter was VERY tempting, I knew I wanted to save room for dessert so we both decided we were content with our litre pitcher of frozen margarita (you can get non-frozen ones if that is more to your taste although I'm not sure they do a pitcher of them or not!).  They also serve some amazing spiced popcorn as a wee starter to each table with a food/drink order.
I decided to get the Enchillada de la Casa while my partner got the Gaucho Grande.  We were not disappointed.  The Enchillada de la Casa is two tortillas filled with a choice of chicken, shredded beef, chilli beef or vegetarian with a "ranchero" sauce and cheese. The ranchero sauce was tomato based, with cilantro, green onion, lime juice and chunks of yellow pepper.  I went with the chicken filling, which was beautifully spiced. It was so tasty! I also wasn't expecting the lovely side salad/rice combo that you get with the dish.
The Gaucho Grande was equally impressive and equally tasty. You get a generous helping of the Chile Colorado in a tortilla bowl as well as a pork burrito.  It also came with salad, sour cream, guacamole and all the fixin's. I tried some and based on my partner's reaction as well, it was amazing.
There are very very few occasions where I can't manage dessert. This was one of those times. I love dessert but the mains were so delicious and so filling that we had to call it a night.  It simply means I have to go back and maybe just have the Nachos Grande and dessert for my meal!!  
For all this food and drink our bill was £33.50.  You just can't beat that for very quality food and a pitcher of margarita that the two of us got the better part of three glasses each out of.  I highly recommend this place but make a reservation!!!笑
Another pleasant surprise from recent weeks!

Now, Wahaca of London fame, this is what I wanted you to be... great Mexican food with a genuine twist. 

To be honest the name and sign had me write this place off initially, despite having heard good things and being near so other fine Thistle Street establishments, but I'm glad I caved one afternoon and came by. 

The frozen Margarita starter, which is just me having a drink, was quite nice... it seemed a fine mix if what I was used to in the US and what I've gotten used to here and I loved that you could get them in baby pitcher sizes... I'm sure there's a fancier name for the baby pitchers, but it escapes me. Carafe? Moving on!

I ended up with two actual starters in and a side of refried beans in leu of an actual main... I did want the tuna, it sounded fantastic, but unfortunately they had run out of tuna that day so it wasn't meant to be.

The Chile Rellenos I had were smaller peppers than I'm used to, but definitely had a good flavour... when querying things the waiter even admitted they weren't his favourite, which I'm a big fan of... honesty, that is. 

The star of the show this afternoon was the Soft Shell Crab Flautas... wow! (Unlike the Chile Rellenos the waiter expressed his love for these, which was well founded.) They're definitely on my list to try again, and gleefully come with the tuna as a side so here's hoping if manage to get the two together next visit. 

The refried beans were also a treat... I loved that there was something to them with the spring onions and pink peppercorns... definitely impressed. 

From what I saw of other people's dishes I didn't see anything that made me cringe or look even remotely bad, always a good sign. 

True to their menu they have some random hot sauces... they gave me one simply called "Pain 100%", and it definitely lived up to it's name. If anything this was my one slight gripe this visit however... I didn't get a really good hot sauce, the initial ones I was offered (while having good taste), weren't too hot and the Pain 100% was a bit over the top sacrificing too much flavour for immense heat. They had a few others, so hopefully I'll get to sample more of the range on another visit.

(Side Note: where was this complimentary spicy popcorn everyone raves about?!?)

So, Tex Mex II, with your shopping-mall worthy name and funny purple sign you've still won me over... good on you, I'll definitely be back.笑
I actually went in here for one of the famous margharitas that other Yelpers have been raving about!

I can confirm, and I am quite the boozing connoisseur, that they were absolutely fab. And for a cocktail in the city centre, not very expensive at all. We also ordered some chili nachos to have a nibble on, and they were absolutely lovely, probably the best we've had in Edinburgh so far. 

By-pass Chiquitos, and come straight here. The décor is bright and inviting, and really puts you in the mood for some Mexican spice!笑
The fajitas are good. The margaritas are to die for. Careful though, the place is small and 99% you will smell of food when you step out.笑
My friends and I are huge fans of this restaurant to the point we were going so often we were almost regulars (at least one of us would end up there at least every 1-2 months in the first half of this year alone).
I fell in love with this place back in the summer of 2010, when we went here for my birthday. The food is downright delicious. Each table gets a portion of mildly spiced popcorn which in itself is yummy. It is little touches like this which make this place unique.
As for the food, the portions are generous and whilst you feel your stomach expanding, you feel like you are getting a balanced meal because the vegetables are as delicious as the meat. I generally always end up ordering the same thing because I know my favourites, but I have tried other meals and I haven't tasted anything I don't like. I would highly recommend the following, however:
Starter: Nachos Grande  If you're bringing a friend or two, the Nachos Grande is laden with deliciousness. Lots of salsa, guacamole, soured cream, refried beans, cheese and vegetables,
Main Course: Shredded Beef Chimichangas  This is shredded beef and veg in a golden tortilla casing. Very tasty but incredibly filling so make sure you have the appetite for this one. I have the tendency to ask for the special homemade Tex Mex hot sauce with mine, and I tend to drown it in this particular sauce. It's amazing stuff.
Desserts: If you can actually manage a dessert after all of this then you must be hungry! And one a couple of occasions we have been indulgent enough to have one of their Brownies with icecream. The Brownies are delicious but what makes them even better is the taste of the vanilla icecream  it has a beautiful milky vanilla taste that I haven't tasted in other icecreams. Lovely!
The Tex Mex Hot Sauce: As I said  Amazing stuff  But you can buy a bottle of this stuff to bring home with you for £2.95. I keep meaning to pick up a bottle.
All in all, the food is delicious and the prices are affordable. The atmosphere is cheerful and low key. I love the purple and green colour scheme. It is a very small place so it can get very busy and you do need to book in advance for a weekend. The other disadvantage is that if you are sitting next to a particularly obnoxious group of people you are in rather close proximity to this obnoxious group of people. We once had to suffer a group of Pilton neds, one of whom came in with a bleeding head after going for a smoke (after slipping on the ice in winter) and who I'm sure Tex Mex were glad to see the back of as I noticed they didn't even leave a tip.
When I first went to Tex Mex I adored the staff. Weirdly all the waiters are men, which I don't mind because they are usually rather attractive stubbly individuals. One waiter even had Johnny Cash on for us one night when we were the last ones there. I was a bit disappointed when I went there for my last birthday as I felt the new waiter there (or quite possibly one I hadn't seen before) could have been friendlier and more engaging. It really adds to the charm of the place.
Nevertheless, I love Tex Mex and would recommend it to anyone. Whether you are there for their great lunch deal or evening a la carte menu.笑
My brother was here a few weeks ago and recommended it to me. Thank bro! The food was excellent; we shared some dishes and the waiter didn't bat an eyelid. The service was inconspicuous unless required which is the way I like it. The ambience was lovely, this is a little gem in Edinburgh and well worth a visit. We'll definitely go back.笑
Simply an excellent texmex. All the food tastes homecooked and is served with attention to how it looks as well as taste. The slowcooked pork was an absolute revelation. Good portion size and everything was a joy to eat. Also they have partitions between a row of small tables, which gives you a feeling of cosy privacy in what is quite a small restaurant. Decently prived and well cooked, and I agree the flamey flamey tequila thing is exciting to watch!笑
Good atmosphere? Check. Great food? Check. Reasonable prices? Check. All things you will find at Tex-Mex II on Thistle Street.
Last night was the second time I've been there and since it was so good the first time I thought I would like to go back for my birthday dinner. We went with the full intention of getting a pitcher of margaritas, a main course and one of their delicious sounding desserts (their menu is on their website).
I love the quaintness of this place, there are about 9 tables in total with a colourful decor, making for a nice intimate dinner. We ordered our pitcher of margaritas while we poured over the menu of delicious selections, trying desperately to decide what to order. 
While the nacho starter was VERY tempting, I knew I wanted to save room for dessert so we both decided we were content with our litre pitcher of frozen margarita (you can get non-frozen ones if that is more to your taste although I'm not sure they do a pitcher of them or not!). They also serve some amazing spiced popcorn as a wee starter to each table with a food/drink order.
I decided to get the Enchillada de la Casa while my partner got the Gaucho Grande. We were not disappointed. The Enchillada de la Casa is two tortillas filled with a choice of chicken, shredded beef, chilli beef or vegetarian with a "ranchero" sauce and cheese. The ranchero sauce was tomato based, with cilantro, green onion, lime juice and chunks of yellow pepper. I went with the chicken filling, which was beautifully spiced. It was so tasty! I also wasn't expecting the lovely side salad/rice combo that you get with the dish.
The Gaucho Grande was equally impressive and equally tasty. You get a generous helping of the Chile Colorado in a tortilla bowl as well as a pork burrito. It also came with salad, sour cream, guacamole and all the fixin's. I tried some and based on my partner's reaction as well, it was amazing.
There are very very few occasions where I can't manage dessert. This was one of those times. I love dessert but the mains were so delicious and so filling that we had to call it a night. It simply means I have to go back and maybe just have the Nachos Grande and dessert for my meal!! 
For all this food and drink our bill was £33.50. You just can't beat that for very quality food and a pitcher of margarita that the two of us got the better part of three glasses each out of. I highly recommend this place but make a reservation!!!笑
I popped in here without booking, but well ahead of a dinner rush a couple of months ago with two other people. Our server was surly, the food wasn't overly authentic (just because it's Tex Mex food doesn't mean it should be absolutely drowned in cheese at the expense of all other ingredients & flavours), and it seemed pricey for what they were serving. I know Mexican food - and the difference between TexMex and Mexican, and this isn't either of those. 
I wasn't overly impressed and I don't think I'll be back.笑
After having Tex Mex food in Texas, USA, I'll be honest and say that I wasn't too bothered about trying it again. However, after a friend wanted to go here for his birthday a couple of years back, I fell in love with Tex Mex food and in particular, this restaurant - Tex-Mex II.


 I've tried a few different things from the menu - all lovely - but I can't have anything else now after tasting the Chicken Flaming Fajitas. They're simply fantastic! And of course there's no better way to wash your meal down than one of their frozen margaritas which you can buy by the glass, small pitcher or large pitcher. They come in various flavours - my favourite's the pineapple one!!


 The prices are reasonable too but I'd recommend booking as it's a small restaurant so it can get busy.


 Some may find the decor a little tacky with the bright green and purple, but I like that. It helps add to the friendly laid back atmosphere.笑
I had heard good things about this place so I thought it was worth a try. It was a wet Monday evening so it was pretty quiet, just as well because this place is tiny! 

When you sit down you are given a rather interesting bowl of popcorn. We don't do much with popcorn in the UK apart from salt or sugar it, so I was pleasantly surprised by the popcorn spiced goodness. The food was okay, I rather enjoyed my Chimichangas, even I ordered it just for the name. My boyfriend got the impression his came out the microwave. It resembled a microwave meal and I guess he felt it tasted the same, so he wasn't very impressed. Plus the food came out so quickly you always kind of wonder if it is freshly made. I don't know for sure, maybe it is worth trying again as this place has been around for so long that perhaps we just went on an off night.笑
Fresh homemade food a cut above the rest. I loved the popcorn they give you as you sit down. Never eaten Carnitas before but I will be back if only for that . Frozen margaritas were tart and refreshing and get you a lot tipsier than you think. all in all a great experience and a bill to let you survive the credit crunch/recession/depression.笑
Mexican food in the UK has been grievously disappointing, both in price and representation.  Gone are the days when $4 can score me a half-pounder cabaza/lengua burrito.

Tex Mex was the last I expected this far up north.  Scotland rocks.

Let's do this bullet-point style:

Margaritas - decent tequila content and thoroughly slushed.  Nothing more annoying that semi-icy concoctions that don't travel up straws well.

Much respect for carrying Dos Equis, Corona, Sol, Modelo and that obscure little label Pacifico.

Tequila - they carry the good stuff; these guys have done their homework.  Gun for the Anejos.  Don Julio Gold Anejo was my pick.

Floutas - more like giant taquitos, the corn tostada-wrapped chicken is deep fried to crunchy perfection.  Topped off with salsa, sour cream and guac it's what I'd expect to see in higher-end Mexican restaurants in LA or San Diego.

Carnitas - the pork was served in cubes and was much too salty, unfortunately.

Enchiladas - covered in a healthy layer of cheese to be called such, it's an accurate enough representation of what my Mexican friends' moms would make at home. Approved.笑
A fun, Mexican meal out. Frozen margaritas are cheap cheese is always a winning conversation. I don't know if it's the additives or atmosphere or the mixture of the two but it leads of a great night like laughing gas has been pumped into the room. A great place to laugh with friends and eat not-good-for-you food.笑
Wow. Nothing wrong with this little place. I Yelped for a decent restaurant in the New Town section and this caught my eye along with a nice recommend from Emily V. 

Just me and the kids. Thing 1 and Thing 2 split some nachos and I had the Colorado Burrito and a margarita. Fast and friendly service and great tasting, fresh, savory, authentic, simple food. As good as I've had just about anywhere. Yum.笑
I was surprised to discover this was the first Mexican restaurant to open in the whole of Scotland. Ever since 1984 they seem to have been refining their speciality frozen margarita as it's a crowd pleaser. The concoction of lime juice, tequila and triple sec seems to be just right, leaving you willing to delve into their Mexican fare.

The food offerings are decent enough with the nice touch of a real salad instead of the usual carrot shavings and a wilted leaf. 

Top stuff!笑
The fact there are so many people being turned away when they come in from the street looking for a table is an indication in itself how good this restaurant really is. Myself and my wife enjoyed our second foray into Mexican food after a rather subdued experience at another Edinburgh based Mexican food establishment. Very very nice meal and highly recommended place to visit for a relaxed and enjoyable meal.笑
The best restaurant in Edinburgh bar none. The food is amazing, very reasonably priced for Edinburgh and service is good too. But their speciality has to be their frozen margaritas, absolutely delicious. I have had texmex food in Texas and the restaurant is every bit as good, if not better, than what I have had over there. I have managed to work my way through a fair chunk of their menu and I still don't know what my favourite dish would be.


 In short, this place is definitely worth a visit, just make sure to book in advance as it is usually busy.笑
A really good Mexican restuarant I found late-night in Edinburgh, when places all around seemed to be closing  and I was hankering after some spice action.

We went for tacos and burritos, with a side of chili in a fried tortilla. This is some of the freshest Mexican food I've ever had, the flavour was bursting out with lime, lemon and chilli, just how it should be.

Portions are really big too, in fact so large I had to ask for a doggy bag. This was a shameful event as I just wanted to eat it all fresh, it tasted so good.

If you love Mexican food get over here. Prices are reasonable too.笑
Small is beautiful - this colourful and cosy restaurant offers warm and welcoming atmosphere, you will spend there a nice time having some extra hot flaming fajitas and icy margarita. Good prices, always smiling staff and great food  sounds tempting!笑
Hi I travel between London and Edinburgh a lot. Tried many Mexicans in both towns have my favorites in London but had failed miserably in Edinburgh. Till i stumbled on Tex Mex tiny intimate restaurant tucked away behind George St. Brightly colored in primary tones. Sat down with a work colleague and a blond waitress gave us some free spicy popcorn to eat whilst we looked at the menu and ordered drinks. We had a pitcher of frozen Margarita....sharp clean and very tasty. I ordered Nachos Grande it was huge so I had to share. Both of us went for their flaming fajitas. Arrived with a huge Woosh of flame as they poured tequila over the top. The waitresses must be flame proof. Great theater and the best #Fajita i have eaten either side of the "pond". Had a great time been back three times so far and would also recommend their burgers.笑
After reading the reviews about the margaritas I'm a little gutted that I haven't had the opportunity to taste one for myself, but I absolutely hate tequila so it's probably not the best idea.

If you're looking for some Mexican food then I can heartily recommend Tex Mex 2, it offers a nice, vibrant restaurant with friendly staff and a chilled out atmosphere, an excellent menu with delicious food and the prices aren't bad either.

Thumbs up.笑
Wonderful food! I had the most delicious Taco Salad made in a crispy tortilla shell. The staff were wonderful as well. Highly recommend.笑
Right! Time for an update! I've been back a couple of times since I wrote my last review. More recently on Saturday with my boyfriend who has never been before. One word. YUUUUUUMM!!!! The decor is nothing fancy but I honestly can't say I've had better Mexican food anywhere else. Instead of my usual beef burrito I thought I'd change and go for the popular speciality of pork carnitas (basically a slow cooked pork stew served with guac, salsa, sour cream, salad and soft tortillas). I died and went to heaven!! Although full, I refused to let go off plate until every scrap of food was gone from it. Who knew that a pork stew could be so tasty?!! Everything is clearly homemade and beautifully presented. These people care about food and they care about good service! My bf did the obligatory
"Hot sauce challenge" and was presented with a series of hot sauces to try including one which was so hot they are not allowed to serve it with food. I laughed while he coughed and spluttered. A small dish of yoghurt was given to him to neutralize the heat. Men! 
Margaritas = amazing! 
Food = amazing!
Service = these guys care and want you to come back! 
I've now upper rating to 5 stars.笑
We needed margaritas. 

And boy did we get them! This place does great margaritas, in a range of different flavours (most of which I have sampled) and they're not too heavy on the tequila, so you don't up in the bathroom crying before 10pm.

There was a large(ish) group of us and I must say it was nice of them to accommodate us. It's not a big place! We took up two tables but thankfully, the staff had moved the tables so that we could all see each other. We ordered a sharing plate of nachos to start and they were delicious. Everyone commented on how, amongst the mounds of toppings, the butternut squash was an odd but tasty addition. For main I ordered the Tex Mex Burger. I was disappointed it didn't come with chips but the burger was really good and the sour dough bun in particular was lovely.

This would be 5stars but.....well, when a restaurant says they close at 10 I always assume that refers to the kitchen. This place actually tries to get you to leave at 10. By 10:10 we were feeling a little awkward but still had almost a full pitcher of margarita left. Then the waiter did something which goes against my (unwritten and constantly changing) 'restaurant rules.' He brought over the bill before we asked. I find this quite rude. He could have asked if we wanted the bill first! A minor thing but it would have made all the difference.

Then...he broke another two rules! We totted up the notes and coins and I brought the total up to him, I was paying by card so while we went through the motions I explained that I didn't realise the place would actually close at 10 and apologised for my oversight (it was about 20 past at this stage) he said it was fine but made a song and dance about how much work he still had left to do. Fine, message received. I handed him the cash and returned to my seat. When he hadn't brought the change after 10minutes we resigned to just leave, we'd intended leaving it as a tip anyway (maybe he'd heard us discussing it) but I made a point of 'asking if it was all there' (I'm Irish, I don't do full confrontation well) he said yes and gave me the thumbs up.

Now, this is getting very long, but between bringing over the bill, complaining about how much work he still had to do and not returning the change, I must say, this was not the kind of service I was expecting. In my opinion we weren't drunk, loud or obnoxious but past 10 pm everyone at the table was left feeling awkward to the extent that most won't be returning.

It's unfortunate because the food is fantastic and the margaritas pretty darn good too.笑
On a rare blue sky day in Edinburgh we found ourselves chilled from the motorcycle ride and in need of some heat - so Tex Mex seemed like a good idea.  As the flaming fajitas were lit and placed in front of me, I knew that we had made the right choice.  There was a medley of colours and textures in the vegetarian fajitas and once the butternut squash, peppers, onions and melons were wrapped in the tortilla along with some sour cream, jalapenos, cheese and / or guacamole the resultant taste explosion was delightful.  I enjoyed every mouthful of my meal. 

Ian had the carnitas (shredded pork) and, although I found it too salty, he enjoyed it thoroughly.

We were given the hot sauce as a condiment and immediately asked for the hotter one as neither of us felt that there was any heat in it.  The next level up wasn't available so we ended up with the kitchen's chilli paste - which had a lovely kick and great flavour.

Our only disappointments were that the key lime pie had run out the night before and that we couldn't drink the margaritas as we were riding home.  We'll be back!笑
I'm going to have to downgrade, unfortunately.

I've visited Tex Mex 2 a few times now and have had really varied experiences.  This time, our server was great but the food left a lot to be desired.  

I ordered the carnitas tacos and was delivered a plate of meat, with a small side salad, a little rice and small blobs of sauces.  The tacos had more meat in them than I expect you're meant to consume in a week, let alone a meal.  Yeah this doesn't sound like a bad thing - value for money and all- but it was.  They were so meaty that I actually only managed half of a taco before I just felt unwell.  A taco is meant to have meat, veggies, beans, cheese, etcetc not... meat. period. end of story.  

Add to this the fact that the carnitas were *incredibly* salty.  Really really really really salty, and kind of sicky sweet too?  It certainly didn't taste like any carnitas I've had before, and the saltiness was painfully over the top.

Fortunately we were able to take our food away and the leftover carnitas (with rice and beans and veggies, like they were meant to be!) were enough for the two of us to have tacos for dinner a few nights later.  

I would suggest lowering the prices and cutting down on the meat (and salt!).  Until that happens, I don't see myself returning.  

(I've actually just read my previous review... if only I'd read that before ordering the *same* dish again!  d'oh)笑
Mexican food in the UK?  You can understand I was pretty skeptical - no offense, but this is not something that your country has down.  But my expat friend recommended it, and she did not lead us astray!

Came for lunch on a Sunday, they opened up at noon.  Interior is small, but bright, colorful, and cheery.  Service was some of the friendliest I'd had in the UK.  They put a little plate of spicy popcorn on the table, which is a nice touch, and much less filling than the loads of chips/salsa you'd get at a Mexican restaurant in the US - for better or for worse.  I got the veggie fajitas and my boyfriend got the carnitas burrito, which he'd been craving all day - and a side of chips, despite my protest that that was a strange accompaniment to Mexican food.

My fajitas were really nice and light - just squash, mango, and regular fajita veg flambeed with tequila (in front of me!) and lightly seasoned - delicious in a tortilla with salsa and guac.  Definitely needed some hot sauce though!  Didn't try  my boyfriend's burrito, which he really liked, but wow was it messy!  When he cut into it, sauce just poured out.  I munched on the hot, crispy chips, loving them as I thought to myself "why am I eating fries with Mexican food?"

It's a bit pricey, but it's competitive in terms of taste with Mexican-American food, and that's all I'd hoped for!  Oh - nothing is that spicy though.  They have a bunch of hot sauces displayed, they gave my boyfriend the mildest which he tried and immediately asked for two levels up.  He tried that one and asked for one more.  They had to check and see if they had any of the hottest one, finally bringing it -  more of a chile paste, really - in a bowl.  Even THAT was spicy, but not so bad!  I had a dollop on a chip and it was spicy, but not what you'd expect from what is literally the spiciest sauce in the house!  That's the one thing I'd ask from Tex Mex II - turn up the heat, guys!笑
I went here for my friends 30th birthday and a good time was had by all. Even those who are were not a huge fan of mexican food. The service was fantastic as was the food.笑
There are so many reviews already and you kind of know what to expect. However, it is always good to try out yourself and be inspired or disappointed!

Well, you might be glad to hear, the place is still "awesome". We luckily reserved a table, called at 14.00 and got one of the last remaining time slots available at 18.00. All it means - DON'T forget to reserve as the place is pretty small.

The interior is purple and funky. The Mexican sign with the word SOL on it near the kitchen (=beer name) definitely stands out. I think that the biggest party they can accommodate is a number of 6.

Their menu is quite extensive and you get enchiladas, nachos, tacos - anything MEXICAN! I had ordered the Nachos Grande and learned my lesson that when it says this dish is good for sharing - it definitely is. I did not even manage a third of it. Nachos with cheese, sour cream, salsa sauce, guacamole, chicken (instead of vegetarian) and bean sauce.
 I could also not stop eating the spiced popcorn on the table - yum yum. Very addictive!

They also offer a selection of cocktails and I can definitely recommend their flavored (Peach, Strawberry, Raspberry) and/or original Lime Margaritas (apprx £5.00). The Pina Colada (apprx £6.50) is fine too, if you like more a creamy kind of cocktail with Vodka and Malibu.
It is not the cheapest place. My Nachos were £9.25 and pretty much the cheapest of the "mains" on the menu. However, the taste and texture is AWESOME!

The staff was very nice and accommodating!
I will definitely be back, even if it is just for the Margaritas or the Nachos :-)笑
Hmm oh dear, how the great can fall. I came here for a wee birthday dinner with some friends as last time Emily V and I came we really enjoyed it.

The food was still good, if in fact even better. I ordered the same combo platter of tuna with crab flautus and this time my tuna was actually rare as requested (if a little cold). And the margaritas are goooood. I do need to give them that.

But the service left a lot to be desired. The waiter was friendly, and smiling, and seemed like a nice guy. But it was incredibly slow, at times bordering on arrogant, and very cheeky.

I arrived 10 minutes early to find Emily V already early herself. Waiting for two others, we sat. And waited. We were one of two tables. I saw many members of staff wandering to and fro. The waiter didn't look busy. He never came over to our table but when I finally managed to catch his attention and ask "could we please order some drinks?" he responded with "yeah I'll be over in a bit" in a very nonchalent manner. "In a bit". Not a case of "oh yes I'll be over" whilst grabbing his note pad. It was literally a case of "I'm not yet taking drinks orders". A bit turned out to be 10 minutes.

Fine during the meal itself, but when it came to paying we paid by cash. It was taken away, and not returned. We waited again. And waited. And saw him clearing tables, serving other people, still no change. Eventually, the polite Brit in me overcame my anxiety of appearing rude myself and asked for the change, to which he brought it over straight away. This makes me think he was hoping we wouldn't ask for the change and leave the in excess of 20% change as tip. Which was really quite ironic considering how slow and nonchalent the service had been.

It was also quite cold in the restaurant when we first got there and I didn't take my jacket off until the mains arrived. A small note but when you're eating hot, spicy mexican food you kind of want to feel hot and spicy not shivering.

Now I don't know if I would go back. Their margaritas really are sooooo good and great value. I like I said the staff were nice, not flat out rude, but their attitude of 'serving us when it suited them' and the very cheeky trick with the change put me off slightly.笑
Oh I love this place. it's staple in my thought patterns when trying to think of somewhere to go and eat in town....

The Margarita's, I confess, do quite heavily draw me to this place...they're so yum it's unreal...probably the best in town.

The food has always been consistently good in here and I, nor anyone I've dragged here (if they like Tex Mex or not) have had cause for complaint. 

The staff I always find are friendly. I was in here a couple of days ago and the chap noticed that I was waiting for a friend so brought me over some water and a magazine whilst I was waiting...like I say, nice staff!

Oh and you get Jelly babies instead of mints with your bill....enough said ;)笑
I spent the third year of my Degree in South America, and the thing I miss most since I came back is the food. Which is why I love this place so much - it's by far the most authentic restaurant of this type that I've found in the whole city.

And it's great value for money too. The main courses are all under £10 and the starters are all under a fiver... which means more money for their amazing Margaritas or frozen Daiquiris, which is never a bad thing! The best thing is their set-price lunch menu: only £8.50 for two courses or £11 for three courses means that you really can't go wrong. In particular, the crispy Flautas are definitely worth trying. Especially if you're hungry, as the portions are enormous here.