This place is located within the Hilton Garden Inn. If it wasn't for location I would have only visited this place once. 

Front desk tells me the bar is open until midnight but last call is at 11:20pm. Breakfast is served starting at 7 by the looks of it because they are not prepared at 6:30am. Service is extremely slow for any time of regardless of number of guests. I mean bet slow. 

Food is 4 stars but the price is out of this world. 

If it wasn't so cold I would be walking somewhere else. Management really needs to look at the efficiency of this place.笑
I chose this restaurant for the gluten-free options because two of my family members have allergic reactions to gluten. Everything was going great until my sister noticed that her meal had been contaminated with gluten. The restaurant apologized and took away the cost of her meal. Personally I ordered the gluten free salmon and it was delicious. Well cooked and the vegetables and sweet potato purée was delicious. My sisters who are gluten allergic were upset with the few gluten free choices on the menu. I'd recommend to non gluten allergic people. Ambience and atmosphere were good.笑
Stayed at the Hilton Garden Inn in Montreal went  here for dinner .it was great the dinner rolls where the only thing we didn't like they were hard . Got a New York strip it was delicious came with a steak sauce and mashed potatoes and veggies .. The waiter was also very friendly笑
Great breakfast and dinner options.  Service in my experience has always been fantastic. If your road weary and don't want to leave the Hilton Garden downtown.. this is a great option笑
I ordered a vodka martini around 6pm as they had special pricing on house liquor cocktails. What the bartender put in front of me took up roughly 4 cm, about an inch and a half from the bottom of a sharply tapered glass. Unbelievable. The bartender saw my expression and explained that it was 'all vodka' and no ice, but of course it was shaken in ice and diluted prior to pouring. Nothing short of a joke.
   I've have ordered martinis all over the world, this was by far the smallest I can ever recall seeing. Note to the hotel GM: if you offer drinks at half normal price, do not cut the pour in half. We notice. The other patrons at the bar noticed as well.
   I had an order of lasagna for dinner, decent but nothing special, a large portion of just ok pasta.
    The hotel is fine, the restaurant IMO a severe disappointment. Because of the ridiculous martini I was left with an overall negative impression, and would surely not recommend it. Nor will I come back.笑
The Resturant in the Hilton garden in has average to poor food with friendly but slow service. 
The breakfast buffet is standard hot and cold with reasonable selection.

The dinner was well over priced and we will not return. The 20 dollar hamburger is nothing special and other selections varied from good to send it back笑
Pretty good for a hotel restaurant. Breakfast selection is great and have great service. Would not highly recommend for dinner, as options are somewhat limited. Although, their market salad is perfect!笑
As another reviewer said, it's a decent hotel restaurant. They have a fixed breakfast cost that was a pretty good deal especially if you want to eat something fast and convenient. I'm certain there are nicer brunch places in the area though.笑
It is in the lobby of the Hilton Garden Inn. The food is just OK and expensive. On our stay, we ordered the spaghetti which was good. We were traveling with a 13 year old and she ordered the Classic American pizza. She wanted just a cheese pizza. Then she only ate one slice because she didn't like the sauce. I didn't like the minestrone soup because the vegetables were still crunchy. I expect my soup to have cooked vegetables. Eating here saved us a walk.笑
Excellent, excellent service & delicious food; everything was highest quality & reasonable prices