I ordered a carne asada torta and the guy asks "for you?" WTF how rude, no one else is in the place, obviously I'm ordering for myself. Then he says steak torta when it's ready. Racist against white people, I'll spend my money some where else笑
Shoutout to Rivas man!!! Y'all did it this time the food was outrageously good and the customer service was great, SYKE! 

Did a phone order at 1:25am in the morning arrived at 1:40am as I got there I was ready to pay until I was asked what I wanted to order I then told him I ordered a shrimp fries + steak about 15 min ago he then wrote down my order assuming it was done but I guess they didn't have my order down. Then finally got my order and got home. Slowly eating the food and I noticed there was hardly any steak.. Half shrimp/half steak fries "crispy" felt like the cook scraped the leftover carne asada from the grill from a different order and tossed it in my order calling it steak shrimp fries.... wow.. 

If I could I would of rate this location a -1.. So far sahara and sloan been the best location.

Time for some mcdonalds.笑
Nothing but disappointed w this place, this is the Third time coming to this place and "the grill isn't working"?? I'm good off this place, either invest in new equipment to provide the services your advertising ( selling food) or stop stereotyping customers based on appearance or your perception of their appearance. If your scared of customers that don't look like you, get a dog! Third time and I'm done, I will not patronize this business any more no matter how "bomb the food is" your customer service sucks.笑
Unfortunately, I couldn't stay to eat at this restaurant.  It had a very unpleasant odor right when I opened the door.  They seemed nice, I just couldn't do it!笑
This was my first time coming to this location. I'd been plenty of times to their original location on Sahara. I'll review and comment only on this one visit in particular. Their food is always made from scratch so hice at least 10mins to get your depending on what u order. This time I got 4 chicken tacos and an horchata. The chicken tacos are buy one get one free. The seasons they use on the chicken gives is it a great flavor and they add guacamole and pico de gallo to the tacos. They are very good!笑
Food here is amazing!! Everything is so delicious and they are open 24/7! What?!? I get el pastor fires or shrimp burrito. Tacos are only $1.50 and they are big too! Breakfast burritos are large and packed with meat. Friendly service and you can even call and order to go.笑
Great food, good price.  I usually get al pastor fries but everything I've had here is amazing!笑
This place is one of the best Mexican food joints in Las Vegas. Being from California this is a bold statement.  Quick service. Friendly. Super authentic.笑
Staff are nice and the food is much better then say Robertos. I'll be back. Love the chicken nachos.笑
I love Rivas! I always come very late at night and well  it doesn't even matter because the freshness of the food is consistent. Anyways I always get steak fries no beans. It is scrumptious ! && service is a little bit above above of their  competitors. Very good. Wish they had a stamp card for their regulars.笑
Have eaten at Rivas all over Las Vegas and they are  good food with a great price point.  Have ordered steak burritos and chicken tacos always filling.笑
I reviewed this horrible place last week and my review was taken down. my complaint was legit. I found hair in both my tacos...;DISGUSTING!!! I thought yelp was supposed to post good and bad reviews. not take down bad reviews. are they getting paid to remove negative reviews? whats up?笑
All my food came out fresh and it taste extremely good!!! I highly recommend this place.笑
I've been coming to this location for over 2 years. Usually the food is fresh & well seasoned with good portions. The staff has always been very friendly. Today was completely different. I had to repeat my order several times when I called, as the woman taking it was not paying attention. When I arrived, I paid with a $20 (total was $9.72) & tried to give her the change but as she was (again) not paying attention, she gave me 28 cents, closed her drawer, then went back to talking to the employee & customer next to her. (Apparently the burrito he ordered was made incorrectly). Meanwhile I had to tell the woman I'd given her a $20 & wanted the rest of my money. She looked blank then surprised, finally opened her drawer, looked at the money confusedly, & gave me a $10. I added their green sauce to my Carne Asada Fries & headed home. Today's order is BEYOND terrible. There is absolutely ZERO seasoning on the meat & frankly, it tastes like dry pot roast. The green sauce is usually delicious with just the right amount of heat. This tastes like water. I am BEYOND disappointed. I was really looking forward to this for dinner but right now I wish I hadn't wasted my money.笑
With places this good i seriously dont know why people eat at robertos .... This place is Great !!!...u see that green sauce ...dam that stuff is some serious stuff no joke ...real deal ...as good as it gets ...i must trully say this is one of my new faves forsure ...and truth be told i think they have some of the most authentic horchata ...im picky about horchata..man this place makes me relize how much i love mexican food ... for the price ..its actually crazy how much they hook u up some of the biggest tacos... and the meet is grilled up .... man they kill it with that green sauce i must truly say its some of the best ive ever tried ... pretty unique.... haha and the fact that this place is open up 24 haha this is something pure in itself lol ...all this food was like 12 something... but mind u i could not finish one tacos ...says a lot ... case i eat like a fuckin beast lofl ;)笑
The taco quest continues. 

This is the second Rivas location  located at DI and Pecos/McCleod (the other is at Sahara and Sloan). This spot is the former home of Cafe Verdi and Paul's BBQ. Hopefully Rivas will break the trend and be here for a long, long time. 

The place is very clean. Univision/Telemundo is on full blast for your viewing pleasure and they have a nice flat screen TV menu boards. I visited specifically for the tacos. I love 'em, I need 'em and they have them. Never been Rivas but had read mostly positive reviews so this would be a good of a place as any to get my fix. 

Anyway, taco prices are $2.85 per, which seems a little steep. I asked the very pleasant counter lady if they were 'street size' and she said yes. Though I didn't say anything, I was a bit concerned since that would be a small portion for a big price. She also  went on to mention that they have a special on chicken tacos - buy two, get four or by four, get eight. Cool! I opted for eight. I also ordered a chips and salsa, She asked if I'd like cheese with that and I gladly accepted. Paid, put some money in the tip jar and headed over to the salsa bar which is about three feet away from the register.

The salsa bar is extremely simple. Red, green and some carrot, pepper and onion mix. Took a little of each. Food prep was quick and I was out the door in about five minutes. 

Got home and opened the bags. First container was the chips and pico de gallo with cheese. 

A-M-A-Z-I-N-G

So much flavor and just the right amount of cheese so it wasn't overwhelming. Great portion and more than enough for 2 - 3 people, maybe even 4. If you ever visit this place, the chips are a must have.  

Tried some chips with the green salsa. Great flavor and might the best I've ever had (I'm not exaggerating). Tried the red and was not as impressed. It might have been one of the worst I've ever had (again, not exaggerating). Everybody has different tastes with salsa though so I don't put much weight behind this. Still, I could drink the green straight out of cup all day long if I had to.          

Next was the taco box (1 of 2 boxes). Whoa boy! The container was stuffed full of tacos. Seriously, these are jumbo street tacos. In fact, they aren't small tacos by any stretch. These would qualify as 'full size' restaurant portions. The tacos were stuffed not just with chicken, but guacamole, cheese and pico de gallo. Price was no longer an issue as these things are huge! Rest assured, you will get your moneys worth. You're probably wondering how they tasted? They were magnificent, thank you very much. The chicken was fresh and hot, the guac had a nice kick and there was a perfect amount of tasty pico de gallo to top everything off. Cheese is something I don't see that often on the tacos I normally eat, so it was a nice change of pace. The flour tortillas held up perfectly. 

Great place with amazing food and value. Next trip will be for the al pastor. 

Again, the taco deal is worth its weight and gold and I would strongly suggest the chips, salsa and cheese along with copious amounts of green salsa. 

Hit the tip jar and enjoy!笑
Hands down have amazing pastor fries :D and don't get me started on their green salsa, it's amazing! I've been going to the first location for years and I'm glad they opened a second one! Great customer service :)笑
Rivas has been bookmarked for two years.  After a program at the nearby Winchester Cultural Center, I stopped here for dinner.  I ordered the #7 combo--sopes with rice and refried beans with choice of meat for the sopes.  I ordered carnitas.

You place your order at the register and the person gives you a cup for your drink.  Then have a seat and they'll call out your order when it's ready.  While waiting, make a trip to the small salsa bar.  I only got their lovely, spicy green sauce.

In a short time, a man called out sopes and my tray was set on the counter by the register.  After retrieving it, my dinner consisted of two sopes.  The meal was in a styrofoam plate with compartments for the sopes, rice, and refried beans.

The carnitas very flavored quite nicely and the sopes had just the right amount of refried beans and sour cream to make a great alternative to tacos or a burrito.  The rice and refried beans were standard.  The green salsa had a good kick to it.

While I was there, 90% of their business was take out.  I really liked the no frills place and I'm in the area again, this will be a stop for a quick meal with great taste!笑
Restaurant was very clean. People were very friendly. Food was awesome. Had the breakfast burritos, Chile rellenos, and al pastor. All food was cooked when ordered. It was hot, fresh and tasted great. Prices were very reasonable. Will come here more often.笑
first few  visits were good, don't know what happened? this time food was undercooked just wasn't done correctly. Wait time was unacceptable considering I called ahead.think I was overcharged too. Anyways probably will be my last time here.笑
I'm familiar with Rivas from their other locations across the Valley, but recently have been frequenting this one out of convenience. Menu is extensive, prices are low, portions are large, and service is fast and polite. I always seem to get the same cashier, he's a sweetheart. 

GOOD: Get the fajitas. I prefer the steak, chicken and shrimp are also available. The burritos are also pretty solid, but be sure to check what ingredients they include and add on what you want (ie cheese, sour cream). Their asada and carnitas meats are probably my favorites, but the shrimp is nicely seasoned too. Quesadillas are awesome. 

OKAY: The sopes and salads are not my favorites, more of a one and done choice for me. I'm also not really into their tortas, which all come with thousand island dressing. I gravitate more toward their traditional dishes rather than their Americanized ones. Their guac is a $2.25 add-on fee and is more of a sauce rather than chunky like I prefer.

TIPS: Website says you can order through Eat24, but that isn't set up through their Yelp page (womp womp). Chicken tacos are BOGO. Free WiFi available (pw "rivas123").笑
Very bad service I would never come back they charge me $28.00 n gave me the wrong food they didn't have the curtesy of giving me the right order they just told me the they had a lot of order which it was not true they were just talking in the back n not taking the right order I was so pissed that I just left and they didn't even say that they were sorry or if I wanted my money back I would never go again very very bad customer service.笑
Great little Mexican joint on the way out of town. Rolled tacos were the best I've ever had however the salsa was lacking a little. Service was great and food came out fast even though we were there right at lunch time. I just wish they had a spicier salsa!笑
Ok, my family and I are fans!  I saw the yelp reviews and said ok I'll try it.  First off, the plus is that it's a stone's throw away.  I decided to call in and have a steak breakfast burrito.  I thought it was ok, but I don't like fat pieces and there were a couple but more melt in your mouth than rubbery.  However, my husband devoured it.  Yesterday we went in and I decided to have a chicken taco and try some shrimp fries, my husband had the steak fries and a steak burrito, my girls had chicken fingers and fries.  I took one bite of the shrimp fries and fell in love, I barely made a dent in them, before I started feeling full - there was so much shrimp!  So, I decided to try the chicken taco before I could absolutely not eat anymore.  The chicken taco is delicious with real white meat chicken and it was seasoned so well!  The taco is enough to satiate you! It's a great size with fresh ingredients.  My husband loved his food and usually can finish everything in front of him but even he was stuffed!  The girls loved their chicken fingers, even though not spectacular, they were very good and fresh!    So good, we went back today, for just enough food, as not to cause waste! We got a couple chicken and steak tacos with a side of rice and beans.  The rice was good and the beans were delicious! I'm already thinking about what to try next...Rivas is so good!!笑
I was here last month, mostly since I was driving by to somewhere else. To be honest, I don't remember exactly what I had, but it was probably a taco/tostada or similar. The food was good, plenty of it but it did seem heavily spicy (duh, it's Mexican food) and WAY too many onions as a filler in the meat combo.

I ended up removing lots of onions and there was still lots of food. I was meeting friends at a movie out on Boulder Hiway and all the way through the movie, I tasted the food that I had here and meant to ask my friends if my breath was bad, but didn't get around to it.

It was good but I won't make a special effort to go back, only because there are so many Mexican places similar to it.笑
I had the steak fries with half steak and half chicken , its was good but not as good as I hoped for ...my hubby had the pastor fries which I wouldn't recommend , pastor tastes better on tacos not asada style fries.笑
Best Asada/Chicken Fries in town!!!!  Also love the buy one get one free chicken tacos!!1笑
We went to a famous taco place on the strip and I won't say where, but it closes at 2 am, and so I found this place. Thank God we came across this magical taco place because not only the tacos bigger but they're better than unnamed taco place. It is well worth the 5 minute drive off the strip, especially cause it's 24/7! I will definitely be coming back here again and won't go back to unnamed taco place again. This place is toooooo good! If I could give it any more stars I would. And no I am not drunk, I haven't had a single drink tonight. I just was hungry after walking around the strip.笑
Love their chile relleno. Best in town. Definitely puts Roberto's to shame! The carne asada is also so tender and flavorful. Yum!笑
Oh mah gah!!!! Where has this place been all my life! Well you know it's my fault for thinking that only Roberto's and tacos el gordo are the only places for Mexican food!! I don't get out much! Geez LOL.  This place is so clean, the 2 for 1 chicken tacos are so good, the steak burrito was so good. Awesome place great customer service!!! I will visit again!!!!笑
Best burrito all year. I had the pastor burrito with guacamole and can't remember one tastier. They make their orders from scratch so be prepared for a 5-10 minute wait. But dang it's worth it! Instead of wrapping the thing in just aluminum foil, they first wrap it in paper, which absorbs the steam, keeping the tortilla from getting soggy. The tortilla is key. I think they make it themselves. I could have eaten two it was so good. 

So I went back this morning and got the bacon breakfast burrito. It was not quite as good as last nights, but tasty just the same. And big!

Food should always taste this good. For real.笑
I usually head straight to Thai Food To Go when I'm in the neighborhood for a haircut, but I decided to give this place a shot today.

This is Rivas Mexican Grill's second location, and it's on the opposite side of a nondescript plaza where Ninja Teriyaki & Sushi 2 Go has made a home. It wasn't crowded at all today during "peak" lunch hours, and parking spots were plentiful.

They run a constant 2-for-1 special on the chicken tacos ($2.85). The tacos are actually made with 6-inch tortillas, not the ubiquitous 4-inch variety, and pizza math suggests that you're getting something twice as big. I would say that the meat portion is not actually twice as much as you'd get at other places, but it's still nice. Instead of onions and cilantro, however, they top their tacos with pico de gallo, guacamole, and small pieces of jalapeño. I did enjoy the flavors overall, and I especially liked that they browned and seasoned the chicken cubes, but it's definitely different from the more traditional street tacos that you might find at a place like Taco y Taco.

In retrospect, the sope ($2.85) was not a great choice. I should have realized this when I browsed their web site's menu (which actually has photos of everything). The sope is sorta like a thick tostada in that it has a crunchy base, only this one is an especially thick "disk" prepared from masa (corn dough). The steak was pretty tasty too. Unfortunately, it really reminds me of a fully Americanized taco because of the shredded cheddar cheese, shredded lettuce, and sour cream. Using the lime and salsas (avocado-based or red) might help to salvage this, but I'll just stay away next time.

My favorite part of the meal was the carnitas torta ($4.75). The pork is cooked until crispy and the bread has a bit of a crunch that surrounds a soft interior. The avocado gives it a nice creaminess, the sauce is tasty, and I was definitely on my lime and salsa game at this point. Finally, the lettuce and tomato are fresh and really balanced out the richness of the other components.

I definitely plan to return to Rivas when it's convenient. They're open 24/7, and they have plenty of other menu items to try: nachos (with any meat), burritos (regular, breakfast, or wet), quesadillas, and combo plates are also available here, as are chiles rellenos, chicken wings and fingers, and a few traditional drinks.笑
This place is pretty good, I order them through Uber Eats. There Steakfries are super good笑
The prices seemed a little high for me but, it was definitely worth it. I had an agua fresca Pineapple which was delicious! Also shared a plate of Alpastor fries which are delicious. I really wasnt expecting to have a grear meal but, I did. I will definitely be c o ming here more often...totally recommend this spot. The guy who took my order was also very polite and he gave me samples of the waters since I couldn't make up my mind lol.笑
I picked up an order around 5:00 am, the cashier was a jerk, no customer skills at all, food is good but employees needs some training, won't return for sure.笑
Please keep in mind that I made my delivery through UberEats, meaning other factors should be taken into consideration before discrediting how reputable this restaurant is. The delivery was very quick, it only took about 20/25 minutes from when I placed my order. I ordered al pastor nachos and a steak torta with no guacamole, I left a note in all capital letters that clearly specified my boyfriend was allergic to avocados. Instead, I received steak nachos and steak tacos with guacamole. I wouldn't have even complained about the nachos because I'm not very picky, and the steak and food overall was actually very good. HOWEVER, not only was my boyfriend's food a completely different menu item from what we ordered, it included ingredients that I very much emphasized he was allergic too!!! I wouldn't have complained if my boyfriend's order wasn't capable of poisoning him! I contacted UberEats, they refunded my initial ordered and I reordered the torta at a discounted price which was very helpful. The meat and the food was really good and I appreciate their cooperation with the revision of our order, but I'll have to try dining at the restaurant rather than ordering delivery if I ever decide to give them another chance! The quality of the meat and the bright green color of the herbs indicating freshness of definitely redeeming! I recommend checking your order before leaving if you are also ordering delivery or to-go! I give the food two thumbs up, but overlooking specifications regarding an allergy is a very serious and possibly fatal mistake!笑
Just stopped in on a whim after reading the two reviews.  Tried the pastor nachos and chicken tacos.  Both superb, especially the nachos.  Nice and crispy chips.  Small, easy and friendly.  Just go...笑
What a difference a location makes. I really like the one on Sahara, especially the carnitas burrito I got. I don't know if this is the same owner, but the carnitas burrito was not good. The meat was extremely dry and that is such a turnoff for me. Also, it's one of those type of restaurants that's too cheap to turn on the air conditioner. I don't recall this being a problem at the one on Sahara. It was so hot and stuffy that I couldn't wait to get out of there.笑
This place is Uhmazing. First of all...there are not a lot of places you can get pastor nachos, so right of the bat they had me intrigued. I was not disappointed. The nachos were everything I wanted and more. oooey, gooey, cheesey and delicious. The Pastor is cooked perfectly and they use just the right amount of toppings. love love love. I have been so disappointed with Robertps and Don Tor Taco, I am so happy I found this place.笑
Excellent chicken tacos, in fact just excellent chicken in general.  The flavor on it was great and the taco shell was perfectly fried.  Also tried the chicken fries and they did not disappoint.  You can stop in the bar next door and order thru a window or walk in to the restaurant.  Either way I will definitely be back and am looking forward to trying the steak next time.  Great value as well for what you get.笑
Made an order from here through UberEATS & out of all the places I've ordered from this has to be the best & only place that has gotten my order correct! Loved the fries! They are amazing & come with alot of flavorful meat! Will be eating from here again!笑
This is my favorite location out of all 3 in Vegas. They're always so spot on with everything! Their carnitas fries are perfect. So are the shrimp ones! You have to get extra pico and extra sour cream. Huge portions and it's very clean! They tend to clean their fries around 6 am so keep that in mind! You will never had Roberto's again if you try this place.笑
What a find!! Forget Robertos etc 
This is the place! I tried them yesterday for the first time through Uber Eats now its my go to place now ,the nachos wee out of this world!! 
best nachos ever!!
They give you so much food 
They really love you笑
Hands down best breakfast burritos in Vegas. You get real potatoes instead of fries or hashbrowns. I eat here several times a week. They always let me put horchata in my coffee, which I bring from elsewhere. I LOVE this place.笑
I absolutely love this place. Unlike fellow competitors Robertos and Don Tortaco, Rivas Mexican Grill has the most amazing food, flavor and quality food. The customer service was great, and they are always quick and never get your order wrong. I eat here very often and the only reason I'm giving 4 stars for this visit is my Carne Asada tasted a little overcooked but normally they are A++++.笑
Stop here a couple of weeks ago, the food was made fresh and it was still piping hot when we got home. I had the fries with shrimps and carne Asada, so so good.笑
Best loaded fries in town!!
Tried just about all of their fries and never seems to dissapoint. Also the fact they do orders over the phone and are open 24hrs is a big bonus; especially for those who work crazy hours.笑
Amazing carne asada torta! I will definitely be trying more items on their menu the meat was extremely fresh and seasoned perfectly!笑
Im here witn a nice guy named JOSE !! He is very kind and friendly !! Food is awesome!!笑
I always love coming here for their pastor/asada fries! The last time I came to get some though there was a cockroach at the register. So I think it's time for an inspection because I love their food!笑
The stars are for the food. The location is just okay. 

That said, we walked in to a very clean restaurant. We ordered tacos al pastor and pollo as well. They had a small selection of fresh sauces for self serve, The limes and sauces were ice cold, and looked great.

It took about 5 minutes or more for our food to arrive. They do not skimp on the fillings. The meat and pico de gallo was overflowing from our tacos. The tortillas were fresh, hardy and held together perfectly. The meat was steaming! Talk about right off of the grill. And the pico was nice and cold. 

There was a faint smell of cigarette smoke when we walked in, but it like I said it was really faint. It did not deter us. I have to admit that when we walked in, there was no one at the register, and no one in the lobby. We debated on whether or not to leave. I am so glad that we stayed. These were the best fresh tacos that we have had to date.