Wonder place - simply good food(Pork chop and Black Cod for entrees) come out at the right time, we spend about 2.5 hours enjoying our meal and drinks. Emily(host) done excellent job and i want to thank her helping me out locate my phone. They deserve four stars.笑
At first our waiter was a bit aloof but he warmed up to us and helped make the night a great one. had deer tartare which was outstanding, followed by a personal favorite- filet with seared foie and black truffle. Dessert was a trio of creme brulees that were all very good .笑
The girls and I went as part of the 2012 Happening Gourmand festival; none of us had been there before.

The restaurant itself is well-appointed with both round and square tables and beautiful circular booths. The exposed brick walls are beautiful but the rest of the color palette and decor was quite bland, beige and unassuming. The restaurant felt cozy and quiet on a very snowy winter night however. 

Service was impeccable. The hostess took our coats and led us through the restaurant in such a way as to disturb the other patrons as little as possible. 

The Happening Gourmand menu was limited - although there was a $27 option and $37 option. And, for the price, they certainly didn't skimp on size, presentation or flavour - a very good value!

We all opted for the butterniut squash soup with fried cippolini - delicious, warm and comforting. I had the lamb with lentils and chorizio as a main dish - the lamb was fantastic; it fell off the bone, didn't taste game-y and was perfectly seasoned. The beluga lentils were equally good but the chorizio bits in it were overly smoked for my taste. The desserts were served in very original jars - very cute - and i can confirm that both the chocolate mousse and coffee pannacotta were fantastic!

The wine menu only featured bottles and our waitress told us of the options by the glass - the price was about $13/glass and the Niagara pinot noir I sampled was very good. 

Wait staff was quick and noninvasive although we were served by about 3 different waitresses/busboys and each asked us who ordered what for every course.... not a huge deal but....

Also....we heard music thumping from Suite 701 upstairs which appeared much more festive. 

Overall, everything was delicious and service was good - the special menu was a great value! I would return with a date or perhaps my parents....it didn't feel very well-suited for a boisterous girls' night out.笑
Ambiance and service, just fine. The drinks (Martinis) were watered and weak. The sea bass was rubbery and the worst my guest had every had. The braised lamb had great flavour but was the wrong cut for the cooking method, too many bones in every bite. And the accompanying veg and potato was badly overcooked.
The espresso was very good though.
Never going back there!笑
The decor is excellent for romantic dinners as well as gathering with friends. We were seated at a semicircle booth for two. 

Compliments of the Chef - Blood sausage - I've never had anything like it. I was afraid to try it at first but I'm glad I did. It was seared with caramelized onions plated on top of a slice of apple. Delicious. 

First Course - Greens with duck. Garnished with vinaigrette, raspberry puree and blueberries. Everything worked wonderfully well to bring out the flavor of the duck. 

Second Courses - Sea bass with pureed squash  - my dish initially came out undercooked. The staff immediately apologized for the error and worked on replacing my meal. They even comped the dish due to the error. Over all the sea bass was cooked well but lacked flavor. The pureed squash was very bland. I would not order this again. 

Pork Chops with caramelized onions and cranberry sauce was delicious. The cranberry sauce enhanced the flavor of the meat. However, the side of brussell sprouts were a bit too salty. I would definitely order this again. 

Dessert - Chocolate molten cake was good but small and would have been better if it were served with ice cream. The chocolate and raspberry sauce didn't add anything to the cake.

Over all the service was FANTASTIC.  The crew worked well together to ensure thier patrons were happy.笑
Expensive. Messed up main order & had to wait 20 minutes for the correction.笑
Seriously?!  Another place that's closed already?  Man, I am really behind on my reviews.  Like Méliès though, I took pics, I loved the space, I'm still reviewing it.

I don't see anyone here having mentioned it yet, but this space has now morphed into Kyo Bar Japonais, opened June-ish.  The upstairs still says Suite 701 restaurant and lounge, so it may still look the same.

This was on our way to the cathedral, and it was time for lunch.  I LOVED this space.  The first floor was contemporary European, clean lines, but the second floor was spectacular.  Soaring ceilings, traditional French decor, just awesome.  The food was very good, service was good, we had a very excellent time.

Quel dommage!!!笑
Quand j'entend les mots "terroir", je pense souvent à la cuisine traditionelle québcoise qui réchauffe les coeurs autant que les estomacs avec des ingrédients locaux. Bien que Aix présente un menu remplis d'ingrédients du coin et en saison (canard, lapin, homard, sirop d'érable), c'est plutôt un endroit gastronomique ou on y va pour une ambiance très professionelle et un service de haute qualité.

Bien que j'ai aimé mon poisson et la crème brûlée, j'ai trouvé la soupe (crème de poivron rouge) plutôt ordinaire. Rien de mauvais, mais rien d'extraoridnaire non plus. Mes amies avaient toutes deux commandé des linguinis aux tomates et homard et elles n'ont pas vu un seul morceau de homard dans leurs plats. Elles semblaient simplement déçues de leur repas.

Nous y étions à l'heure du lunchet même l'endroit était quand même occupé, nous pouvions parler confortablement sans crier! Les serveurs ont tous été super polis et très attentifs, puis le décor est chic et classique. C'est un endroit bien pour un lunch d'affaire.笑
Located at the lower level of of the Place d'Armes hotel.  This is one of the nicest hotel in Old Montreal, sharing the square with the famous Notre Dame church.  Make sure to bring a coat and check out the great view on the Terrace overlooking the city.  The restaurant half a floor down, which is foot level, so you can shoe shop while looking out the window while eating.  We got there at 8pm and were the only patrons there the whole night. They said it was because besides being a Monday, the Canadians hockey team were in round 3 of Stanley playoffs.  Personally I like hockey and it was played everywhere!!

 WE had the typical French dining experience!!!
Started with and aperitif--a strong licorice drink, had the smoked salmon/scallop yummy appetizer and the white fish with an amazing cream/cranberry sauce paired it with a champagne!!!  My friend loved the quinoa/goat cheese appetizer and the wild boar ribs he had.  It was all tasty delicately prepared and well presented. Very fresh and tasty!!  I am not sure why I don't give it 5 stars. Great very delicious, but not panty dripping OMG I need to eat there everyday.

I liked the light house/electronic music the had playing and the simple contemporary design.  Service was friendly yet noninvasive. Lovely experience.  fyi the entree was $29 and appetizer about $16.笑
If possible I would give this restaurant 3.5 stars, 3 isn't enough and 4 would be too much.
I used to dine here a couple of years ago and thought it was really good. However, my experience wasn't as "wow" as it could have been this time around.
The staff seemed to be a bit discombobulated. Moving really quickly but not seeming to actually be achieving anything. By moving quickly it gives them the appearance of being busy and so can forget you with some semblance of confidence. First round of drinks came quite late and mine was not what I ordered.
I had fois-gras for starters and it was good. Not greasy and had a nice complimentary sauce.
My main course was the boar's ribs. The spice used had a very raw flavour. Those of you who have made curry know that it takes time for space to become "refined" and not raw when cooked. 
The recommended wines were OK.
My wife had also ordered a starter as a main course, but they had forgotten that. 

I remembered back to the years past and thought I would give Aix another go. Still only 3 stars in my opinion.

Overall... Good but with so much competition nearby why bother?笑
Located in the bottom floor of the Place d'Armes, I was hesitant to try this restaurant after reading the Yelp reviews. Our server was pleasant and became even more so once I replied to her asking in English what kind of water I wanted in French and a request for her to speak to me in French so I could practice mine. My father and I shared the scallop appetizer and the lobster and char appetizer. The scallop ravioli appetizer was the stand out of the two. We also were given an amuse-bouche of char and berry sauce. The char was prepared very well. For dinner, I had the special which was trout with mint pesto - very light and refreshing. My father had the boar with spices which he said was quite good as well. The portions were very satisfying as both of us left full and did not have room for dessert. All in all, I was pleasantly surprised.笑
The atmosphere is lovely, and we were greeted warmly. Unfortunately, things went downhill from the first impression. Not one item arrived hot to the table, and our party of four pretty unanimously felt that all the dishes were somehow too sweet -- even the entrees. Two of us got a halibut dish that was totally unseasoned. No salt. At all. And the server looked askance at the request for salt on the table. Desserts were mostly pedestrian. But the room really is lovely, and some adjustments in the kitchen could easily elevate this to a 4 star spot.笑
Excellent food: fresh, flavorful and mostly local, but a level beneath a "top notch" dining experience.  We started with a seafood platter, and - being from Florida and Maine - we know seafood platters.  It was above average, but not "amazing.". I expect seafood platters to "wow" me.  It had four small but tasty oysters, 8 small and "ok" tasting shrimp, two delicious crab legs, an amazing rosette of smoked salmon (maybe the best I've had), and a somewhat tasty but too small half lobster tail.  This was certainly not in my top platter experiences, but it all tasted very fresh.  Strangely, we asked for a fish knife to cut the salmon and lobster, and were informed they didn't have any.  Instead, we had to use the unwieldy main course knives.  Being in a french province, I would have expected proper utensils.  

For main courses, my wife's bison filet was the winner of the night.  Medium rare, sweet and meaty, it was served over honey roasted baby vegetables.  The other side dish was potato chips served in a crock - strange, but they were out of the osso bucco which formed the other half of the dish.  I ordered the wild boar "ribs", which was like a rack of thick lamb chops - except it was boar...!  The meat was not as tender a I would have liked, but it had a real wild (but tasty) flavor.  I'm glad I tried it, as I don't get wild boar every day. However, it simply wasn't as good a choice as the bison.  The deserts were delicious, and provided a great end to the meal (along with a glass of ice wine).  Polite service and fresh food - overall, an above average dining experience for sure.笑
Best food I've had in months.  The dinner was outstanding and a steal.  A $35 three course menu with the best salmon gravlax I've ever had in my life (beating even amazing sushi places I've been to in NYC) and an incredible white fish entree I've never even heard of before.  Get the lobster risotto if you aren't morally opposed to it (I am, but, ever weak, had a bite of my boyfriend's and was jealous).  It was out of this world.  NB: Even the $12 prosecco was good.  I'd highly recommend it if you go for bubbly wines.    In general: 5 stars!笑
Good food, odd service.

The food was pretty delicious - foie gras just melted in your mouth, piglet belly was tender and not overly fatty and the upside-down pear cake was very tasty even after a fairly filling meal. I also picked at my friends' food (lamb medallions, trio of creme brulee) and it was all very good.

Now the service... at first the waitress was very nice to us and then all of the sudden, with no apparent provocation she turned into an ice cold b*tch. And half way through the dinner another waitress took over our table, while the first one was just giving us dirty looks from a distance. No idea what that was all about. Needless to say that made the whole dinner experience very uncomfortable.