I was in the area and was in the mood for a boba smoothie, so I drove into the Chinese Cultural Center to see if I could get one there.  I saw this place and SCORE, they have boba smoothies.  Unfortunately, that was the highlight of my experience.  The smoothie itself was poorly made (way too runny) and the taste was off.  I definitely won't be back.笑
If you want great tasty boba, head next door to Super L Ranch Market.  If you want fresh daily baked breads, again, head next door to Super L.  All products are made fresh daily, no shipment come in weekdays.  All are freshly made for your enjoyment.笑
Went looking for a quick bite away from my hotel across the street and found Donna's behind the Chinese Cultural Center, right next to the Ranch Market.

Actually, this was a very nice little mom and pop cafe. Karla was in there alone and was very friendly and had a smile when she took my order. I had a veggie wrap and it was very good.  Fresh tortilla and included in the sandwich was a touch of cranberries, which were delicious.
Excellent meal for less than 8 bucks. And it's always good to see someone who smiles and is friendly when working in the public sector.笑
Awful food and service!

I always try a place twice before I write a review so I gave this place two chances and it is an unorganized mess.  It took 38 min to get the wrong sandwich TWICE.  There were two girls making the sandwiches and handing them to the poor girl at the register who clearly was a newbie.  They would hand her the sandwiches and say here....when she would ask what they were they would look annoyed and roll their eyes.  The poor girl was just trying to make sure the right order went out the the right people.  Also for this being a bakery why was my bread nasty and stale both times??? Super gross.  My bread tasted like it was a week old.  The first time I had the Turkey avocado sandwich which was BATHED in mayo.  The second time I had the club which had mayo all over the outside of the sandwich in globs and the bacon appeared to be semi-raw.....not thanks....do not recommend this place.笑
I have ordered 3 cakes from this bakery and have to say that they are absolutely amazing!  I have just ordered another for a friend and cannot wait for everyone to try it !   Get the fresh fruit cake for any special occasion !   You will love it!   I haven't dined in the cafe.笑
So we just happen to see this place and decided to take my toddler in for a treat.

We came in on a Saturday.  There were (literally) a handful of dessert items in the display and very few baked goods (like the Asian breads).  I asked the lady what was up with that and she said shipments come during the week.  1.)  I guess they don't make it in the store but it's called a bakery?  2.) She specifically said to come on Tuesdays so that leads me to believe the baked goods are not fresh daily.  

What they did have out, however, looked beautiful.  Just like how I remember an Asian bakery should be ... except sparse ... and not fresh.

So we had a couple of things.  The taro boba wasn't good at all.  It just tasted icy.  It didn't have any of the rich texture that I'm used to.  We also had a chocolate pound cake type dessert.  It wasn't very sweet - which I like - and my husband noticed there were no chocolate chips.  Well, it's not an American pastry store silly.

I really wanted to like this place b'c I hardly go to the COFCO Center nowadays.  There's just not much there except the grocery store so it's not really worth the 45 minute drive for me.  Having a bakery would've totally given me an incentive.  Next time we go to the area I'd like to come during the weekday, preferably on a Tuesday. 

Maybe you will have better luck than me!笑
YES YES YES!! Finally a 5 star all the way cafe that not only treats their customers like family, but offers an out of the park menu! From their delicious cakes and pastries, to their outstanding smoothies and coffee drinks, this place has it all. We went in for lunch on Saturday (we usually go in 3-4 times a week), and had the roast beef sandwich along with a strawberry boba to wash down and all I can say is OMG!!! The roast beef was peppered to perfection to add just the right amount of spice which I tend to love...not too overpowering, but you know its there.  Coming from NY, I have had my share of boba drinks, and their strawberry boba is definitely top notch.  I can't wait to try all the drinks on the menu...only problem is every time I try a new one,  I end up getting it over and over!  If you haven't tried this place yet, you are definitely missing out.  Forget fast food...Donna's is where its at!!笑
Was next door at the surgery center and needed breakfast bad.  Since it was the crack of dawn the place was empty however that didn't stop the great service I got.  Cashier was so nice!  Had a smile on her face the whole time and have me good recommendation for what I was looking for to eat.  That's nice. 
Ordered a breakfast burrito that was AWESOMMMMME.  I also had a Carmel iced coffee and that was great as well. I was worried due to the other reviews and glad it was yummy.  It's not called Donna s any longer.  Boba subs or something like that.  Nevertheless I would come here again.笑
Impressions to the eyes always meets the mouth 2 fold. If it looks good, it's got to taste that good as well. Most places just show you a fancy picture and when the food comes out its blah. But Donna's is completely different. What you see on the picture boards is exactly what you see on the plate. I swear they just photocopy the food. And that's just the start of your foodie adventure. 

You have great desserts, looks like master chef had a tournament in there. Everything so delicate and just melts perfectly in your mouth. I have to say I was most overjoyed to be able to not only see how great it looks but Wow taste it for once.笑
Excellent pinapple bread buns and white bread.   Easy strong bakery staples for those looking for Hong Kong styled buns.  The selections are very slim however, but what they do offer looks tasty and positively appealing.  It's cheaper than most other asian bakeries, and the cafe is nice and clean.  I haven't bothered with the sandwiches, because the pictures do not look appetizing.  Their boba milk tea is expensive, but it's good.  Not too sweet, not too bitter, and the boba has a good chewy texture to it.  It's a good place to grab and run, but I would not bother with dining here.笑
I asked for a iced coffee, add sugar free vanilla, and skim milk. The girl at the register and the shorter girl stated they didn't have skim milk, but they had soy. I said no thanks, I'll just have the sugar free vanilla then. 
I watched her make my drink and add whole milk then she handed it to me. I said, "Im sorry, I asked for no milk, I don't think you heard me." The girl at the register continued to argue that I asked for a latte and that has whole milk. I said, "No, I said no milk since we just had the conversation in the past 3 minutes that you did not have skim." The girl still wanted to argue, I literally had to say to her, "There's no point in arguing, can I have the correct drink I paid for?" She rolled her eyes, and told the girl to remake the drink. 
I can't believe that people who work in a customer service position want to argue over something so petty such as a drink order? On top of her lack of customer service, she had extremely long fake finger nails on, some had fallen off, and to my knowledge of food service you cannot have long fake nails, or fake nails at all! I hope no one had a nail come off in their food! 
Who's running this place, and why aren't there more standards here? I will never come back here.笑
Just stopped for expresso. Everyone very friendly and helpful. There is outside seating and this is where I enjoyed my two shots of Expresso. If I am in the area I would stop again as their Expresso is good.笑
Just had similar bad experience today!  I ordered cakes before but today's server was horrible!  I ordered thai milk tea with boba.  I am an pure Asian I know exactly what is the thai milk tea tastes like.  Long story short, the milk tea tasted sour and just like the expired milk tastes.  I went to the counter and talked to the long dark hair server and told her the taste is not right, it's like spoiled milk.   Oh my gosh!!!  Believe or not she turned back and opened the milk container lid smelt the milk, then she said to another server: "I know our milk tea still good, it's just her!"  Come on girl, I'm not deaf I heard what you say!  I told her: I know what is thai milk tea and I tried many places before and never sour or off flavor like this!  She asked me: did you buy from us?  I said no, she said: this is our milk tea flavor, I know it's different flavor but we just made it 2 days ago!  WTF!!  (Sorry, shouldn't used that words it may have kids reading these) 2 days ago?!  are you Kidding me??  Okay, I think she is not kidding at all and I have to changed a new taro flavor one as she offered!  But no doubt, the same off flavor tea, the same spoiled milk they made 2days ago!   I swear never ever go back to order anything from there.  Feel really sorry the owner is an Ansian, but the low quality food and service convince me to say NO MORE SPOIL MILK TEA FROM DONNA'S!!!笑
Went in on a weekday while doing some shopping at the Ranch L next door. To my surprise, found some pullman loaves in white and whole wheat. Pullman loaves are pretty rare in my experience -- you usually only find them in Japanese or Taiwanese bakeries -- but they make exquisite sandwiches and toast. They hold up really well and have a nice thickness, nice texture. Yes, it was indeed a little pricier than say going to the Safeway or what have you, but, that's why I don't buy bread there and instead source it from local bakeries, like this one. Also they freeze pretty well too. Highly recommend.笑
(1)This store has the worst customer service ever. I went there waited for at least 15 mins and no one said hi to me. Only one lady worked there was talking to other two customers about their customized birthday cake. I was totally ignored, until they went to register and I asked anyone who worked here? 
She said I will be back with you after I finish this.. Still, cold and wasting time
(2)Their drink is not tasty at all.. and over priced.
I would never go back there.笑
I really really wanted to like this place.  It is one of the few take out joints in the neighborhood and the prices are reasonable.  The food - average.  The service - atrocious.

I have eaten there three times and give the café three strikes (I won't be going back)

Strike One - - Walked in and a customer was having an argument with a young lady behind the counter.  The issue was that the customer had ordered 18 sandwiches for a business lunch and when they arrived there were only 16.  I heard the counter girl say: "There were 18 sandwiches when the tray left here" and the customer (who was trying to get the full order for a lunch meeting that had already started) said "I'm not lying.  If I had wanted 20 sandwiches I would have ordered 20...but I wanted 18 and got 16".  The order was reluctantly filled and the customer looked like she had been interrogated by the Maricopa County Sheriff Dept. 

Strike Two -- One of the items on the menu is a tuna salad which includes swiss AND cheddar cheese.  I called in an order the first time and asked if that could be made with ONLY cheddar.  The girl said yes and made the salad. When I called back three days later I ordered the same salad, also only cheddar cheese and was told that the cheese comes pre-packaged (hmmm) and the cheddar couldn't be separated from the swiss.  I mentioned that I had it that way a few days before and she said "I have to slice it that way"...and I said "can you?" and the response was "I don't want to".  So much for the customer always being right, eh?  She reluctantly agreed to do it, but when I picked up the salad got a little bit of attitude and thought to myself "I drove past another deli (The Lunch Lounge) to get here and I don't need to put up with ANY attitude when I have choice in salads and lunchmeat!

Strike Three - Ok, maybe I'm a little harsh on this but I hate it when someone can't make change.  As I was paying the last time I was in there the bill totalled something like $11.97.  I gave the young woman at the cash register $20.02.  My change back was $7.04.  Of course she had to open the cash register to make the proper change - and she seemed perturbed at me for giving her the extra two cents...like it was my fault that she couldn't make change.

I don't know if there is a manager who is ever at this location (I didn't see anyone who appeared to be a "boss" when I was there)...but barring that just a nice lesson in customer service would go a long way.  I don't think I will be back...笑
Have been here on numerous occasions and have always been back. 

Food: Cakes are delicious, fresh and a wide variety. 
Atmosphere: Cozy and stocked with plenty of wonderful different cakes and pastries 
Service: Helpful and friendly. 

The lunch is also quite delicious and affordable.笑
It was OK. I only got a boba tea and it didn't really impress me. The place looks a lot like a Subway sandwich shop, but has a lot more variety.