In a pinch or after a drunken evening, McDonald's is A-OK in my books.

This particular location is consistently busy and the lobby usually looks like a tornado blew through it. There are also many people on different levels of intoxication as well. But its all part of the legit Toronto McD's experience!

My go to order is usually a ranch snack wrap with extra pickles (TRY IT!), small fries, and a chocolate sundae with strawberry sauce on the bottom.

FYI : this location does not have a drive thru ;)Ǿ
It's a McDonald's, what do you expect? :-P Decent for fast-food, quick enough service. Private lot for parking which is very helpfulǾ
It's clean, the food is consistent with all the other McDonald's and there's free parking. Tthere is a bit of a sketchy element to the place in terms of clientele. Also, bathrooms are in the basement, where I'm assuming, no one can hear you scream. I only thought of this because I had to walk past said sketchy customers on the way.Ǿ
McDonald's is crap. But this one is crap with the worst service you can imagine. So just avoid it.Ǿ
This place has a parking lot, so that's good. But the owner has changed the menu and forced employees to refuse making double cheeseburgers like a Mac. Franchisee fail.Ǿ
Comfortable seats, free wifi and cool air conditioning can be enjoyed even you didn't buy ANYTHING!!! But, but!!!!!! The peach smoothie is so small for its price:(

Good for sitting after getting takeout from stockyards.Ǿ
-- Food is often served cold or with mistakes in the order (Just got a cold quarter pounder BLT, no cheese to be seen. Last time it was cold fries)
-- Staff incredibly slow and indifferent 
-- The environment is pretty dirty and neglected (condiment section usually empty).

The question is why have I gone back enough to notice how repeatedly gross the experience is.

I'd recommend splurging the few extra dollars to go across the street to South St. Burger. Food is always hot and fresh. Definitely regretting not making that decision tonight.