The Food Is OK,The Location is the secret of this Place,other Then That Nothing special.
But it worth a Try笑
This was the best meals I had my entire stay in Montreal. The location was great in the middle of a plaza! We ate our first meal here starting with Bruschetta that was as fresh as it gets. The tomatoes and onions in bruschetta tasted as if they were just picked from the garden. We ate here twice during our stay both of our waiters were quick and timely, and very friendly! We highly recommend their Poutine, absolutely delicious! Love love love! It was a very causal place with quality food and service.笑
It's almost not worth writing a review about this place but I will. It is a standard tourist trap restaurant with sub-par offerings of food and drink. The only reason we came here was because it was about 3pm and we hadn't had lunch so we were quite desperate. The servers were nice but the terrace was a dump - a number of plastic cups littered the floor - and uneven in a number of places so our table was not stable. 

A last-ditch option but do your best to plan anything else so you don't end up here.笑
First time visiting Old Montreal, around 6:30 my girlfriend and I were hungry.  As we waited to be seated (about 5 minutes before any acknowledgement), we looked at the specials of the night. Nothing fancy, half price Sangrias and Bud, and 13.95 fish and chips.  Once we were seated, we got our food and drinks relatively fast. Then the night turned again.  With the fish and chips, we had hoped for some ketchup, after trying desperately to get the attention of a waitress, we had to get up and ask for some.  By this point we had eaten all our fish, and salad, and drank most of our pitcher of Sangria.  The waitress rolled her eyes when I asked for Ketchup, and brought it to us after another 5 minutes or so.  We then sat around for at least half an hour, trying to get a waitresses attention for the bill.  We finally had to get up and hunt her down. (Probably could've dashed...) We got the bill, but were charged the usual price for the fish and chips (16.00, only 2.05 more, I know, but it's the principle you know, especially with the service) I didn't want to make a big deal of it, so I just rolled with it, and paid the exact amount without tip, since I felt I could have done a better job had she told me where to pick up my food.  So she chases after us, and says "the tip is not included" we reply with "we know, the service was awful, and you didn't serve us well" her response to that was "that doesn't matter, you have to tip at least 4%, or two dollars" my response was then "well charge me 13.95 for the fish, and that 2 dollar difference is yours" and stormed away.  How rude of her.

So, overall, good location, edible food, godawful service.笑
We waited for 45 min and still didn't get our order taken. Some of her staff was unfriendly and didn't want to let us sit where we wanted. ( we were burning in the sun and there was some place available  in the shadow so we moved by ourselves and got scold for it) w  had a sangria it was average  but we let  before ordering food, not worth it.笑
I enjoy going there especially in summer on terrasse mind you I got disappointed with my food for I believe that the cook does not know what bleu saignant means for a steak especially when I returned my steak and still got it medium to well done!笑
Nice place to sit outside in Montreal. A bit expensive, but its in Old Montreal and its one of the better deals in the neighborhood. Delicious fries and toasty garlic bread are good snack choices to have with drinks.笑
We just arrived in Montreal so we selected this place based on location and this is the only thing that it has going for it.  The food took a while to come out and I ordered the mussels and frites. The worse mussels I've ever had !  1/4 of them were closed which means they were not fresh and the others had nothing in them. Out of the whole bowl there were only maybe 3 that had a little meat in them. A total waste of money!!!   Tip of the day .... Go elsewhere!!!!!  The beer called "organics" was good but don't go for the food !笑
We decided to come here while our parents were on a buggy ride. It is well located besides Montreal's old port. We got a seat on the patio which provided some shade. The waiter was friendly and answered our questions. We ordered our food and drinks and we did not wait too long for them to arrive. I had a philly steak poutine and everything in it was delicious. My sister and brother in law had burgers and they said they were delicious. My sister did have to ask twice for gravy on the side. The price was reasonable. I guess my experience was better than the previous reviewers'.笑
We went here for a quick bite around mid-afternoon. It is very unclear where the entrance to the building was. We went to one area and were sent to another, not really a good start. The host and waitress were both not very friendly at all. We ended up getting two appetizers (a salad and garlic bread) both were very good but as mentioned previously, the service was very poor. We were also placed on the patio beside the building itself. I found multiple large screws dangerously sticking out of the building where someone could easily get hurt on one of these. The food was decent and that is about all I can say.笑
If only I could give this place 0 stars or -1. I Waited about 25 minutes just to get a menu, we were a group of 5 and they only brought 4 menus and they were all dirty.... After 25 minutes of waiting for the menus and being one short it took them only 45 seconds for the waiter to ask what we wanted. At this point I was reading the reviews and saw how they force people to tip even if it's bad Service as they put it on the bill because they must know fully well that they have a bad rep lol. At this point we were so fed up we left with out ordering anything, I didn't feel like ordering food from a place you know is bad review and vibe wise. The only reason they are still open is because of the location and if people don't look up the reviews before going in.I'm glad I didn't spend any money at this place.笑
It was a beautiful summer day and my fiancee and I wanted to sit on the patio for a meal. So we stood waiting to be seated at the entrance, but none of the servers seemed to be too concerned about us or the people waiting behind us. Finally we asked a server passing by to seat us.

We then ordered a couple of drinks and a Canadian poutine. For some reason, such a simple order took more than half an hour to arrive, while the people behind us with large groups and large meals were served before us. Our waitress made rare appearances. The poutine finally arrived and although it tasted fine, it was nothing special and wasn't filling at all, especially for the premium price of $7.

Don't waste your time at this tourist trap. There are plenty of similar restaurants around, many which are nicer. The menu is very limited and the service wasn't very good at all. Explore the alleyways and surrounding area, you will find much better.笑
Beautiful weather! Hunger strikes around 3pm. Old Montreal is full of people who are enjoying the sun. Looking for terrace, so we notice few empty spots at this place. The waitress doesn't say hello, just makes us seats and gives us drink menu. I turn around, I see the food menu on their desk, so I take one. My friend tells me you are doing their job. I say I am hungry... food is needed. Then, another waiter comes and takes our order. Meanwhile... the same waitress seats another customer, and she smiles at them and ask if they want to eat, or drink or both. Two different treatments, and I can't help myself thinking maybe we are different ethnic. I am brown, and my friend Asian. I won't keep a grudge. Racism is still an ongoing crime in this world. We got our food, nothing extraordinary in taste. The minute we finished our food. The waiter brings our bill and pushing us to pay the bill, which was super unprofessional. Overall, the service was very disappointing, that we cannot enjoy our food. Not recommended!笑
Great location. Ok food. Worst service. 
I've waited so long I actually  got tanned..... but not served.笑
If I could give it a negative rating I would. The food was horrible. The rice was sour like it was left out overnight. The lamb burger smelled like bad meat. The service is also bad. They kept bring out the wrong food. They were very rude!!!笑
Finding a place for a large-ish group to eat at 9.30 on a Thursday night isn't the easiest thing to do.  Especially when some people in the group want air conditioned inside and others want to sit patio side.  Well, either way, a group of about 6 of us ended up here for dinner on the patio.

It looked really busy but we were seated right away...right next to the server's door.  Not really the fault of the staff because at least there was a table for us, but not really the greatest for enjoying our meals with all the hustle and bustle.  Our waitress was sweet and very accommodating in the fact that no one in our group spoke French but insisted on asking a million questions.  Needless to say, several of our orders got messed up but again, trying to cross languages will lead to that so I'm not critical of that.

What really got this a 2 star review is the food.  It just wasn't...that...good.  I ordered a Croque Monsieur, one of my favorite casual French foods, and it was dry and fairly tasteless.   I only ate 1/2 of it before I just gave up.  It just wasn't worth it to me when there are so many other choices in the area.  Save your tastebuds and go someplace else.笑
This place is all about the location. And by location I mean to say they have possibly the best location for a restaurant in the city of Montreal. Right on the bottom of Jacques Cartier Square, street performers often set up right here.

If you go here for one reason, the location, you will probably have a good time. I had a great time.  They could've served s**t on a shingle and I still would've had a good time.

The food was not anything great and the service was rather confusing. At some point in our lunch, our server abandoned us. I suspect her coverage area got shifted and nobody else picked up on it.

Five stars for location. Three stars for food. Two stars for service.笑
Our waiter was an absolute trainwreck of a human, some guy with a haircut like Cristiano Ronaldo.  Sat down at tables uninvited, whipped out his cell phone to give his number to girls, ignored tables that needed service and was MIA off the floor for 20 minutes at time.  Apparently the manager was just as much of a mess as he was because she seemed to not give a rat's ass how retarded her servers are.  She seemed surprised, but honestly, just seemed like she was drunk too.  She actually asked us what she would like for her to do. Holy shit, what a mess of an establishment.  Also, the nachos tasted like balls and the extra guacamole was a little container of shit.  We're at a bar next door writing this awful review, that's how bad the experience was.  Fire everyone and bulldoze this place and turn it into a community garden.笑
One of the worst service I got in Montreal! The waitress was very rude and the sangria wasn't good either. One of the worst restaurant experiences I've ever had!笑
I ordered one ice tea, six wings and fries. The order arrived on time but was sub par. Friendly wait staff.  Wings were tiny (8.95!!) and the fries were the kind you baked at home in the oven. This place was a joke. What I HATE about Montreal when visiting is the restaurant service and changing your order. I ordered the iced tea and when it arrived I asked to exchange it for a beer (which was more expensive) the waitress says 'Sorry I already punched it in and cannot change it'.  What a joke.  I told her that she is able to change it and then just took the tea.  I have also noticed that hygiene in Montreal is different. It is hard to speak up when you see unsanitary things happening to your own food.  This place was nothing to write home about. Applebees would be better.笑
Sat out on the split-level patio overlooking the central courtyard where we could enjoy some street performers, like balloon clowns, musicians and jugglers. I had a tasty steak sandwich on a fresh, perfect baguette, with a chef's salad. Although we got a little distracted by a slight chill in afternoon air, it was still a nice break in touristy Old Montreal. Service was efficient and friendly.笑
The worst experience I've had. Sat down for lunch, and it took them 1 hour just to tell us that they ran out of the dish I ordered. Took another hour to receive the food, which was undercooked and over priced. We wasted an entire afternoon sitting and waiting at this restaurant. Don't sit here.笑
Okay, its been awhile since I wrote a review but there are some places that you can just never forget.  There are places so memorable that they are forever etched in your mind. La Grande Terrasse is one such place. And its so memorable why ?  Because it truly sets the bar for bad service....and the food is not much better. Let me start by saying I love Canada, I practically hum the Canadian National Anthem in my sleep.  When I visit Canada I am always a bit unsure of just where to eat because of the whole language barrier thing and some times I take chances.  They usually work out, but not this one.  The restaurant is in a great location right in Jacques Cartier Square in the heart of Old Montreal.  I went with my wife and a couple friends but unfortunately when we were seated it was also in a location directly in the 90 degree sun. So when the waiter finally graced us with his presence (after ignoring us for about 15 minutes) I quickly ordered an overpriced Bud Light Lime.  After another fifteen minutes of involuntary tanning my beer arrived as well as some water for the rest of the table.  The waiter then left again so we could have some (more) time to read the menu and continue browning. By the time our waiter made it back to the table the other tables around us had all been served meals.  One of the meals had apparently been so good that the guests demanded thier money back and they wanted to immediately see a manager. Good luck with that,  I was still waiting for a sighting of my waiter. While we waited we had plenty of time to watch the sparrows dive in from above and eat the scraps from the patio floor.  Another nice touch was the wasps flying around everyone's head. There is nothing like some biting stinging insects to really add some ambiance to the experience. So after sitting for about 40 minutes we finally got to order some food.  The menu was rather uninspiring but we were all so hungry that at that point we didn't even care. Our friends ordered Poutine with Vegetables, and A Sunshine Salad (somewhat appropriate considering where we were sitting).My wife also ordered Poutine, and I ordered the Steak Steak French Bread Sandwich with a side of Poutine. About another twenty minutes and all the food arrived. My side of Poutine was almost the same size as the entrée portions at the rest of the table.  Not only were the portions small but the Poutine was also not that good. The fries were frozen and that always just kind of depresses me.  Mine was also not very hot, and the gravy was forgettable.  The Steak Steak sandwich was mostly vegetables and tasted like roasted red peppers and half cooked onion more then anything else. Perhaps it should have been called a Veggie Veggie sandwich instead. What I did taste of steak tasted somewhat old and frost bitten.  On the bright side, the French bread was actually pretty good.  I didn't dare ask my friend about how her salad was...but it looked like a salad, and was probably more of a meal then the entrée portions of Poutine that the others had.  Of course the waiter took his time getting the check to us,  and when he did the bill was not split correctly amongst us. At that point none of us cared so we quickly paid and hit the road, running, as fast as we could never to return.笑
Good:
- Great location
- Nice outside terrace
- Cute waitresses
- Short or no lineup

Not so good:
- Beer is served in plastic cups
- Lasagna is just a layer of pasta with sauce on top
- Moules frites sauce is quite tasteless
- Chicken burger has an industrial breaded chicken patty

Next time I'd likely try one of the other places at the square.笑
I can't review the food because it never came
Horrible service and overpriced 
Don't go here笑
I was with a group of 8 and were looking for something local with some authenticity. Sadly it didn't happen because most locations in Old Montreal close at 11pm. There was one saving grace which was this place... or so we thought.

We were seated outside with a gorgeous view of Old Montreal. The menu is diverse with mix of local and popular North American food like burgers and pizzas. I ordered the penne main and escargots appetizer. Everyone ordered a different dish.

The server was friendly and initally engaging but that's about it. He would disappear at times, especially after asking him 5 times to get us water. In the end we got our pitcher which only filled 5 cups and our food arrived after he brought us water. We never got water again.

My penne was bland and boring, only peppers as veggies and the snails were chewy plus there was no care for the presentation. One person ordered steak and got a steak sandwich instead. When his steak arrived it was medium and not medium rare like he asked. The one who did order the steak sandwich had his selection mixed up with the one who ordered steak and ended up mistakingly upgraded his fries to poutine. The one who wanted poutine didn't get any because they ran out of gravy or cheese curds.

Overall I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone due to the poor service and below average food.笑
Great location in the center of Old Montreal. The place was busy when we got there and service was a bit slow. We ordered poutine  (as I heard that was the best to order in Montreal) and they recommended one with chicken and peas. It was a weired combination and didnt even have any cheese...what kind of poutine without cheese???
They also didn't have any coolers....Hot summer day..no coolers..
I wasn't impressed with the place...笑
I think this place may have switched owners at one point because I used to LOVE it, and then one day the meal I usually ordered was terrible. 

I used to love the steak sandwich. It had sautéed onions, eggplant, cheese, lettuce and some type of vinaigrette sauce. It was super juicy and exploded with flavour. I went back about a year or so later and ordered the same thing - only this time, the sandwich consisted of cold bread, steak, literal kraft single slices of cheese and some lettuce. It was totally different and I can honestly say the steak sandwich at subway is better than the second one I had at this place. 

The service is also really weird. I'm not usually to hard on waitstaff because I've been a waitress for six years but they are noticeably unprofessional and sort of incompetent.笑
Let's face it, most of the people go to this restaurant because of the view. One of the best seats in town, really. You're near the water and watching the people come and go. 

I was extremely confused though, there is no clear entrance and there are several doors and no indication as to who is the greeter. Worse such was at the patio, there simply was an an entrance but no one to greet and take you to a table. Also, no sign saying "please wait to be seated". 

Once we got our seats though, food was prompt and service was efficient.  The quality of the food was alright except for the escargot au gratin which was great. Filling, but not what if consider to be an essential visit on a trip to Montreal. 

Oh, the margaritas are the size of two human heads. That's pretty impressive.笑
I can not find anything positive to say about this place. With sooo many restaurants and flavors offered in our great city I don't understand how this place continues to exist. 
It started with bad service ( almost like the staff REALLY didn't want to be there) and ended with overpriced food without flavor. 
Many bad reviews and this is one more...笑
Except the location nothing is good.
The good is still frozen when comes your plate, tells you a lot about the freshness of the food. 

Not recommend at all ..笑
Was not all impressed with this place. The location was great. But the food and staff were only so so.笑
Food was pretty awful. Cheese on the salad was processed slices, vegetables were dried out and browning. Completely unpleasant, although the staff were friendly and helpful.笑
We were a hungry party of 5 looking for a place to have lunch in Old Montreal. After checking out menus of surrounding restaurants, we decided to choose this one mainly because they had a table available and the lunch choices were decent. The location is perfect, right in the square, close to the water. 

I had a Caesar salad with grilled chicken. The salad was okay, I think they mixed the dressing with the lettuce ahead of time as the leaves were a little soggy. The croutons and chicken were good. Others in my party had burgers and sandwiches and were pretty happy with them.

La Grande Terrasse is a good place for lunch, you won't have a memorable experience, but your stomach will be full.笑
Our mistake was not making more of an effort to search out a quality restaurant for lunch, as there were many other options in the area that we would have been much happier with. The food was no better than what you would find at a fast food joint, although significantly more expensive.笑
Resto advertizes a lunch special. Only the special for the burger, blt, and possibly others, are the same as the menu price. Nothing speicla about that. Especially when grabbing people off the street and luring them to try the 'special'. Food was average. Gotta pay for that lpcation i guess. Try somewhere else.