I think this place is unfairly overlooked because the Donlands Restaurant is just across the street.

Friendly staff. Reasonable prices. Good food.

Recommended.Ǿ
I first started going to this Eggsmart while our kitchen was being renovated in 2009. I used to pass by on my way to work, and I think it had just recently opened, so I gave it a try. I continued going for a few years, maybe a dozen times, often being the first person there when it opened at 7am, so the service was fast and friendly. After moving away from the area, I returned this past week for the first time in many years, and found that much had changed. The decor was completely different; it used to be a plain open dining area with a few food pictures on the walls; now it has a divider down the center, with nicer furniture throughout, and somewhat resembles the Cora's in Scarborough. The service was okay, except that my scrambled eggs arrived sunny-side up instead.

The menu is generally standard breakfast fare: egg breakfasts, omelettes and scramblers, various types of eggs benedict, waffles and French toast, along with some lunch plates and salads. There are a few twists, such as Montreal smoked meat hash and red velvet pancakes, and the Eggsmart poutine that I ordered. It was home fries mixed with eggs and bacon and cheese, and covered with hollandaise sauce. I enjoyed it, and it was definitely filling, and their coffee was pretty good too. Total bill came to $16, so about the same as many other breakfast places.

Perhaps it was all the changes, and the fact that it was much busier than I was used to, but overall my visit seemed less memorable than previously. Everything was okay, but no better than an average breakfast out for an average price. I'm sure I would return if I was still in the area, but don't think I would travel far just to go there.Ǿ
Food is average nothing to write home about. My "extra fruit" bowl wasn't too fresh and there was some brown stuff laced through it, I think it was Nutella..? Not very appetizing. We found a very dirty fork that was with fresh cutlery, a little scary for hygiene. Server is nice and attentive made sure she checked on us frequently. The fresh orange juice was lovely. Not my favourite place to go for breakfast but my father in law loves it.Ǿ
I should not even give them 1 star. My Daughter and I gave this place a try on Christmas eve day. Well they had no coffee, tea so no big deal, Orange juice it is. Daughter and I ordered and low and behold......WHAT!?!?! Can't make waffles? Well we decided to leave. Hopefully they are better then this.Ǿ
Horrible service, food took over 35mins and it wasn't busy, requested to have my French toast after my meal but they made it first and the service was horrible.Ǿ
I should have believed the star rating here on Yelp! Ordered from here because my regular breakfast place was closed. I ordered for take out: bacon, sausage and French toast.  I had to throw half the French toast away because it wasn't cooked all the way through!! Bacon and sausage was decent. Not ordering from here again!Ǿ
Bad experience! 2 stars because the food wasn't horrible, it was just okay. 

The waitress was taking our orders and walked away mid-sentence to go talk to another waitress. After she did take our orders, she gave our food to another table by accident. The other guests didn't realize and started eating our food, when we saw and said something to the waitress, she tried to give us the already eaten plates of food! We actually had to ask her to give us another plate. 

After the long wait for our food, it was nothing special, just OK. 

She was also cleaning tables behind us and sprayed my back with a vinegar cleaning spray and my shirt smelled so bad afterwards. 

When we tried to get the bill and a take out box, we asked twice while seated. We saw her standing around not doing anything for a while, and so I got up and asked her again. She said okay. More standing around and then I got up another time to ask her, she said okay and then asked me what table it was for. 30 minutes after we had initially asked, she finally brought the bill - but not the take out box. We waited another 10 minutes for her to bring it. 

The total was $65 for 2 adults and 2 small children.....not worth it at all. Ridiculous experience! Won't be coming back....the worst part about this is that it wasn't even busy. At most, the place was half full.Ǿ
One of my co-workers recommended Egg Smart to me, pitching it as "better than Cora's and cheaper!", so I had to give it a shot.  There are multiple locations of this brunch chain but I went to this one because there was parking and it's close to my house.

The menu is far inferior to that of Cora's, it just didn't make want to eat everything available on the menu.  I was looking for a dish that would give me mounds of fruit, but there was none of that.  I don't recommend going here if you're trying to get a tasty, but light brunch.  They just had the usual eggs, omlettes, bacon, sausages, pancakes, french toast, etc.  Their fruit turned out to be a thin slice of cantaloup and a thin slice of orange - very disappointing.

If this was the free breakfast at a hotel, it'd be acceptable but nothing about this menu impressed me.  The place looked like the inside of a Coffee Time and we weren't even sure if there was table service at first.  The service was not bad, but I prefer my friendly local brunch eatery to this place.Ǿ
I've been to the O'Connor location of Eggsmart once, but have been to other locations as well. They're a great chain of restaurants that serve good food for not a lot of money. They serve only breakfast type items, but that's okay with me!  Service is a little weird. I don't think the waiters have specific tables, but it seems to work for them. 

The only downside to Eggsmart is that they're only open till 3pm, so you can't go there for dinner.