We came here during the week around 7pm. The outside area looks a bit run down, but once you enter this place, it's very nice! Newly renovated!

Pros:
- Food: Things we ordered - pizza and wings. Both were delicious! 
- Mixed drink: I can't remember which one, but the mixed drink I tried was very good. I will definitely try others each time we go.
- Definitely a "sports grill", there were TVs all over.

Cons:
- ...Not that we went for the bar, the bar area was a little small. But not small enough to deter me.

We live nearby and we will definitely be visiting again!Ǿ
How has THAT PLACE gotten no reviews besides filtered ones yet?!  The pizza was unbelievable and so were the wings flavors and had the right amount of meat per wing! I cannot wait to go back and go up a level on the spices level and try more of the pizzas. So much to try for sure. The owner and chef I believe used to work at kona and ra sushi and opened up his own spot and hey they deliver! I recommend the  calamari as well the basil  aioli that went with it tasted awesome. Everything we tried was amazing to say the least.  We tried the garlic cheese bread, the sweet tater tots, the caprese chicken  pizza that had balsamic reduction i think was on there because the flavor was amazing too.  The Hawaiian pizza looked so good cannot way to try everything else and definitely go every week as a new tradition.


I went back last night and we tried the tempura shrimp with basil aioli was so good I was upset when I saw one left on the plate from sharing it with my boyfriend.  We also tried the three little pigs sandwich was awesome as well but I like things spicy so I should have added hot sauce all over but I was too hungry at the time to stop and ask I ate my half too fast.  The level 3 wings aren't as hot as I imagined but have that flavor to it that makes it delicious and tolerable. I could not imagine what the 5 would taste like. The 3 made my lips burn for awhile but went away after 10 min or so from eating just one.  We still have yet to try more of the pizzas, wings, pizookie and brownie a la mode. Cannot wait to go back next wednesday!Ǿ
Good pizza, big juicy wings, well poured drinks - we will be going back!Ǿ
Taking over the former site of a landmark Mesa restaurant gives this place a pretty high bar to meet, and they aren't quite up to snuff.  The restaurant has plenty of TVs to distract you from the food, but in the end, this place is pretty dissappointing.  The pizza gets high marks for a flaky and crispy crust akin to a wonton.  The toppings were generous, and the size was satisfying.  The wings were small and the sauce was immemorable.  We recieved an order of hot barbecue wings that tasted as if they'd been in the vicinity of a jalapeno, but they failed to set my tongue on even a low smolder.  They appear to have issues with their soda fountain, as my friend recieved a flat diet coke,  and I got a strawberry lemonade that was mostly sweet syrup.  
I wouldn't recommend this place in it's current state; but I think they have potential to pull together.Ǿ
Pizza is very blah overall, The crust reminded me of Totino's frozen pizza, the soda tastes funny and price is too high...hence you should visit the bar first.Ǿ
first off i will say the i am guessing owner is a very nice congeniel person thanks for that with few options in mesa for eats i try to try a new place hoping to run into that gem so it is tough out here in the east valley. last monday i decided to give this place a whirl well of course its a sports bar as per the name. the only tap beer is bud/bud light after reviewing the menu i ordered the sliders with tots. when my lunch arrived it was sliders with fries the sliders patty were thin and dry the buns were right out of the bunbag not warmed or toasted I asked the guy wheres the tots he said most people want fries he did offer to make me some tots but i decided to muttle through my dry sliders eat a few fries pay my bill and split leaving most of the fries and bread on the plate. I may go back and try the wings so i can add some stars to this reviewǾ
Been here quite a few times, when they first opened, and later on. Food has never failed my expectations, and always makes me happy. It's true that their outside appearance doesn't seem the best, and looks like just an atypical place, but their interior is completely different. Very nice, clean, interior. Staff is really friendly, 

Drinks:
Haven't had any drinks here, so I can't say much about that.

Food:
Wings are great. They're not the dinky ones you see at Buffalo, or lacking in sauce like at other joints. Burgers were great, fried egg definitely helps with that. French Dip  was also great (i don't think they serve this anymore). Recommend practically everything there. For dessert the pizookies and chocolate volcano are equally amazingǾ
We came here for the first time for Karaoke. The place is located in an older part of Mesa. The outside looks a little rough. The inside is pretty plain for a sport bar. There are a few nice tvs in the place. The bar is rather small. As I said we came here for karaoke so we only ordered drinks. They only have 2 beers on tap. The karaoke was great. The restrooms were dirty. All in all it's pretty much a dive. I will return for karaoke but not on That Place's own virtue.Ǿ
Tried this place for the first time as a carry out. Ordered a Hawaiian pizza and went over to my buddy's place a few blocks away. when I got there the pizza was still hot and tasted great. we decided to go back a couple of weeks later but the sing said it was closed. went by a about a month later and say they where open again. asked the owner why he was closed he said he had to visit some family in California. I guess when you are the owner, cook, cashier, and head waiter it is hard to have a life. The last trip we had some pizza and wings. The Pizza was great as per the last one and the wings amazing. I am not fan of hot wings as I like to enjoy my food and not burn my mouth so I don't know about the super spicy ones. We plan on back again, I think this is going to become our regular hang out spot now.Ǿ
We actually went here because we had heard it was LJ's reopened.  Going inside we were pleasantly suprised.  Its all been updated and renovated very nicely.  Much better atmosphere now.  And there is a full bar now too.  Our pizza was fantastic.  It was different because now they use a brick oven to bake the pizza.  We were there between 6 and 7 on a Friday night and we were the only customers in the place the entire time we were there.  It made me feel sorry for everyone that was working there that its so slow.  Our waitress told us that LJ's did reopen right behind That Place.  I thought that seemed strange.  They sold their resturant that had been in business for 40 years and opened up behind their old place?  Anyways I had been craving the old LJ's pizza and have to say that That Place makes great pizza as well and everyone working there was very nice.