I've been to the Adelaide location twice over lunch. The first time it literally took 25 minutes to get my order and the place was not slammed. The second time, they forgot my order. I went up after 10 minutes and asked if my order was coming up. The cashier and kitchen starting getting into an argument and it was quite clear that they had misplaced my order. 5 minutes later I get my burger and the cashier tells me that they called my order and I must have not heard them, which is baloney. After my first experience I was keeping an ear out just to be safe.

The food itself is okay, but not great and definitely a bit overpriced. I'll stick to P&L, Priest or Big Smoke from here on in.笑
I like Gourmet Burger Co. a lot.  To begin, they have really unique toppings and I like that their burger patties are thinner than average.  Usually the customer service is good and they are fairly prompt at getting you your meal quickly.  A year ago, I would have given this place 4  stars.  But 1 star went POOF over the last two I've visited.

Time #1: I go in and this guy working there is yelling at one of his staff members until she starts crying because some witch came in, ordered a bunch of stuff on her burger, some item was missing and then the girl working there said it wasn't her fault.  So he was mad at her because she wasn't bowing down to some cranky pants who was demeaning her.  That really made me angry, because he basically said it doesn't matter if the customer is yelling at you, the customer is always right.  Even as a CUSTOMER myself, I think that is unfair.  So I told the girl her boss was a jerk and whoever that woman was, she was a real witch.

Time #2: Last time, I just knew they were going to screw up my order.  I had this feeling deep within my soul and sure enough when I got home I had some random burger.  It may have been the weirdest array of toppings I have every experienced in my life.  

So there you have it - definitely worth it but stand up for the person taking your order and double check you have the right burger before you go!笑
A friend of mine wanted to try this and we went there for my late-birthday lunch. I wasn't expecting much cause I had tried this restaurant in Dubai and didn't like it much. But this was a pleasant surprise.

The decor was warm and extremely pleasant. You had to go up to the cashier to go order but that didn't matter, the service was fantastic anyways. You have an option of making your burger from scratch or choose from the pre-set ones.

Anyways, I got the Mushroom-Melt and my friend got the Spicy Cajun and had some stuff added & removed cause of her allergies. She was surprised that they had exactly what she wanted. The burger was heavenly, the fries were "home-made" and still had the potato jackets on some of them and the Jones soda option went perfectly with everything. You do, however, have the choice to get onion rings or sweet potato fries instead of the fries for the side-order.

I've taken 5 people there since, they absolutely loved it. I would most definitely recommend you to try this place笑
Went here because Smokes Poutinery was closed. The place looks clean and very trendy so we decided to chop down.

The service was prompt and friendly. I got the Works Burger with sweet potato fries and a jones green apple soda. I love that you can choose from an array of drinks in d fridge and that the toppings are so varied but its not worth the price. Paid $27 for two combos. WOW! 

The burger patty was alright but downplayed by the huge Jlo bun. Haha. It was a cold, sesame free bun and dry. The only redeeming thing about the meal was the huge portion of sweet potato fries which were crispy and super long. Yum! I would go back for the fries alone. 

Maybe I'm spoilt and am comparing this burger to greats in the States like Five Guys and In and Out, but the food wasn't anythin to write home about. Oh well.笑
In need of a burger, this was the closest location from work that wasn't your typical fast food joint.

I always like to chose a signature burger so I opted for the Spicy Cajun Burger and combo'd it up with there Beer Battered Rings and a Jones Strawberry-Lime  Soda.

Its a small location with an even smaller patio ( maybe 8 bar stools on a cramped balcony) that looks onto Charles Street. But definitely sit outside if you can grab a seat. Luckily the patio was vacant that late afternoon.

Toppings - They Spicy Cajun Burger - Avocado, jalapeños, lettuce,
Jalapeño havarti, tomatoes, Cajun spice & Smokey chipotle & honey mayo. There was ample toppings on the burger, I enjoyed the avocado on my burger, overall not too spicy but good kick from the sliced jalapeños.

Meat - Grilled perfectly, tasted average, but I found it too small compared to the bun.

Bun - Very soft, tasted good, but didn't hold up against the burger and all the toppings and at the end I was left with lots of bun and no more burger.

Beer Battered Onion Rings - Very thick batter on these rings, golden brown, crunchy, very filling.

Drink -Jones Strawberry-Lime Soda - Yummy not sour but good balance,

Overall prompt friendly service, quaint little patio, average burger but good for a quick fix in satisfying the burger craving.笑
Gourmet Burger is actually about 3.2 stars on my scale, but I felt ok to round that down to 3.

Main complain - they are sloooowww... Whatever the number of people waiting in that tiny room, it takes a solid quarter hour minimum to get a burger. That's a lot of time, especially for a speciality place.

Burgers themselves are huge, hefty, well-packed. I won't call them "gourmet", but they are definitely better than many. It doesn't take much to beat McDonalds "food", but hey, there is still some effort required!

I think I've been to GB maybe a dozen of times, and my perception is consistent - not bad for a lunch. Not cheap either, but honestly ok to go.

Just don't bring more than one friend with you - three people look like a crowd in that tiny, crumpled space.笑
Good stuff.  Would prefer to go here than Hero's. They have some pretty decently priced combos, FYI.笑
Loved it. Great quality, quick and friendly service. Am looking forward to going back and trying a different signature burger. Same price range as hero's if not a little less. Good thing is you don't have to pay for a lot of the extras......the sauces for the most part are complimentary. Fries could be a bit better. Very average tasting fries. But had a great first experience with the place and will definitely go back.笑
The food is great. I tried four burgers from their pre-set menu and they are all delicious.笑
Cashier/waitress should be nicer and learn to smile to customers (especially when you are asked for a tip when paying with debit or credit)... well, perhaps has she been told to glance at customers with this specific beefy eyes to push them to opt for beef burger rather than chicken burger? Or perhaps I was really unlucky to meet the only unfriendly waitress working in this place!!!

Burger ingredients are fresh for sure but the mixture ends up not being tasty enough (or at all). Whichever sauce you choose, there is not any major taste to satisfy your gustatory papillae. Just a regular meat - well-cooked, ok - with a bread - not as smoochie as MacDo's ok - but still... 

Does not worth it. Gourmet means something to me... so work on this, enhance the tastiness of sauce and meat, or just rename the store! (like "beefy eye burger"?)笑
The service is really good here, very friendly and the clerk was nice enough to make suggestions when it looked like we were lost cause there were so many toppings and choices.

I've tried the beef burger with sauteed mushrooms, it was good... I wouldn't say it was a gourmet burger though.  There was just something about the beef, probably an additive that made it taste stringy - kind of like McDonald's burgers except more noticeable because the meat was bigger.  It satisfies the craving for a big juicy burger though.

I also tried the veggie burger with grilled pineapple... I was very disappointed with the pineapple, too thin and I could barely taste it.  The veggie burger fell apart easily and was very comparable to lick's nature burger.

I will give it another shot since I work in the area and if I wanted a quick burger, this is the place I'd go to since it's close.笑
Small seating area but the service was great. Had their specialty burger, Mushroom Melt, with gorgeous portobello mushroom and brie. Side with crispy sweet potato fries.笑
Following a disappointing burger at Craft, I decided to hit GBC a couple of days later to see if it was any better. It was only marginally so. The patty was good, juicy and definitely had that nice crisp crusty outside that the Craft Burger was lacking (though the inside was a little more cooked through than I prefer), but the bun was cold. (What is it with Toronto burgers and cold buns? Bleh.) The burger itself was rather sloppily put together, so it was hard to eat without everything sliding all over the place. The fries are nice and crispy, but a little underseasoned. The shakes are decent -- I would definitely come back on a hot day for another of their chocolate shakes.  The people inside are welcoming and nice -- and, thankfully, were patient when I stood and stared, slack-jawed, at the menu board and took forever trying to decide what to order.

All in all, Gourmet Burger Co is okay, but not earth-moving.笑
I went back to try the poutine. It wasn't so good. Not enough gravy and the cheese curds were cold. And it was pretty expensive (over 6 bucks). I won't be going there again for a poutine fix.笑
Employee did not wash his hands before making my burger. He took cash and then proceeded to take ground meat from the refrigerator with his unwashed hands and placed meat on the grill. I then asked for my money back and left - after mentioning he should wash his hands before touching my food.笑
Stopped in for lunch one day when exploring the area for food options.

I went with the Smoky Bacon Burger which came to under $8 after tax on its own. The gouda cheese was a nice touch, the bacon was tasty, and I can appreciate the "fresh never frozen" beef aspect... In the end, a pretty good burger but nothing worth ranting over and nothing that left me disappointed either.

I was out of the place with my food in hand within around 5 minutes of ordering so no complaints on the service front. I'd probably give them another go someday but won't be too high a priority to return soon.笑
Just okay.

Craft burger up the street is considerably better.

Not sure why Toronto doesn't have a really good burger. Anyone who's had an inexpensive In N Out burger in California (for about 1/3 the price of Craft, Hero or Gourmet) knows what a great burger should taste like.

I wouldn't return.笑
Well...well...well - you say gourmet do you?

who is kidding who - the only gourmet here is the over the top price point - Is there gold in them burgers?

Between to the 15 minute wait plus and no where to sit/stand while being herded in like cattle...well you know where I am going with this - MacDonalds is looking good about now!笑
After riding low from the disappointment of Original Motorcycle Burger, I decided to dine in at my next stop, Gourmet Burger Co. I sprint limped* from my work and steeled against the cold. I felt relieved when I walked up the tiny stairs to the restaurant.

I ordered a 6 oz beef burger (toppings: tomato, lettuce, pickles, caramelized onions, tangy BBQ sauce and smokey chipotle & honey mayo) with fries & drink. It was around $12. I liked that I was able to get a pretty good assortment of complimentary toppings. I sat down to wait for my order & within a few minutes I was being called up to collect. That was around 2:45.

My burger orgasm occurred at 2:50pm.

The burger was so delicious! The meat was juicy and the bun was almost like a soft kaiser bun. The combination of the two was heaven. I couldn't put the burger--even when my phone started ringing and I knew it was my sis; the burger was just too good. My burger toppings were all great especially the mayo and the lettuce. You know sometimes you'll get a sorry excuse for lettuce on your burger? The puny kind that was chosen last for the soccer baseball team because it was the only one left over? Well not at Gourmet. My lettuce seemed fresh, a deep green colour. Made me enjoy my burger even more. Plus the juiciness of the burger made for a messy burger. Near the end, the toppings started to slide out & juice drizzled down my fingers. But I loved every minute of it. Like most Big O's though, it ended all too soon.

The fries were good fries. They're crispy on the outside and fluffy on the inside and went down great after the stellar burger. 

Gourmet Burger Co. definitely redeemed my Faith in Decemburger after OMB.

The place is small though & wouldn't be great for groups  It's really a takeout kind of joint. But that's okay. I don't need a group of people to come here often *insert sly wink & Borat grin*

* Long story short, I bruised the skin around my knee and it has been slow going in the walking department笑
I'm floored at the reviews this place got because I've actually never been somewhere so absurd in my life. 

Went here late last night with a few friends and was really pleased with their menu. I ordered the mushroom melt which should come with a portobello mushroom, sauteed mushroom and brie. My friends all ordered the spicy cajun which should come with jalapeno havarti, avocado, sliced jalapenos, etc. 

We get our burgers and every single one is messed up. Mine doesn't have the portobello or the brie (basically the best parts of the burger), my friends' are missing the havarti (one of them had goat cheese on hers and the others didn't have any cheese at all) and two of them were missing the jalapenos and avocado. 

I was starving so I ate, but my friends weren't having it. Went back to the counter and my friend told the cashier about the issues, and the guy turns around and starts blaming it on my friend. Buh, ok. Not sure what transpired over the course of the next 40 MINUTES, but next thing i know, my friend is in the kitchen telling the guy how to make the burger. To make up for the missing brie in my burger, they gave a little cup of goat cheese, and the burgers didn't even have tomatoes; just tomato skins. I'll post a pic. 

The fries were undercooked/borderline raw and the service was just so rude. In the end the burgers were still made with the wrong ingredients but my pals were over it so they just ate.

I dunno, I get that it was late, but it's not like we were ordering anything custom; it was all straight off the menu and there really wasn't much of a line behind us (that should have been a hint). 

I've never seen anyone resort to going into the kitchen themselves and I don't have a rowdy group of friends by any means. This place sucks.笑
The service here is pretty good. They screwed up my order and gave me a free drink. It wasn't a hard-to-fix screw up at all so that was nice of them.

They also include toppings like roasted red peppers and caramelized onions and specialty sauces free of charge, unlike Burger Shoppe and Craft Burger who charge for the special toppings.

I usually get the lamb burger. Sometimes it's nice and juicy, sometimes it's greasy, and sometimes it's dried out. The quality of the burgers is inconsistent. It's still a good burger but I'd prefer if they paid more attention to quality and not drying out the meat.笑
Burger:
1) Toppings were EXCELLENT as they were very fresh and proportionate. Mushrooms were melt in your mouth smooth. Onions were killer - tangy (balsamic) yet sweet (from caramelizing). Bacon was smoked and just crisp without being burnt. I might prefer a stronger cheese with all that is going on (hard to taste the cheddar). The sauce was very very good. I was also glad to see that toppings (for the most part) are free.
2) Beef was good too ... but a little well done since I like mine medium-rare. I should ask for it next time. But if I wanted well done, this would be it. It was not charred and still moist.

Sweet Potato Fries:
SOOOO GOOD! Sweet yet salty. Crispy yet fluffy. And all at the right amounts. I went back the following week for some fries to nimble on while walking the streets of Yorkville.

The service was prompt and courteous. It looks like you can sit 10 people in here comfortably.  I ordered take-out so I can't go into too much detail here.笑
I've been wanting to check this place out since I heard about it opening next to Seven West downtown. Supposedly there are a number of locations that have opened up in Toronto.

Location is a nice small place that seats about ten which at 7:00 PM on Saturday was seating about 6-8. About 4 staff members which may explain the cost of the Burgers.

Burger $5.50
add the combo (Drink and Fries) 3.95
change drink to a Jones Root Beer 1.00
total with tax just under 12.00
EXPENSIVE but standard price for these Gourmet Burger places these days!!!

Next came the option
1) Toppings (Free) I went with Avocado, Pickles, Sauteed Mushrooms, Tomatoes and Relish
2) Toppings (Additional Cost) None, considering I just spent 12 dollars
3) Sauce (Free) I went with GBC; which is supposedly a combo of four things including Ketchup 
4) Cheese (Additional Cost) None; Would have loved to gone with Brie but again havng just spent 12 dollars I did not.

Burger was tasty but very thin. Toppings were all fresh and tasty
Fried were very tasty and I prefer them over some of the others offered at the competition

In the end, a great starting location for this year's Nuit Blanche. As this is located very close to work I'd go back for lunch笑
I went here last night after hearing a lot of hype. It's a nice little place and the burger was fine. Nothing special though. The selling feature is the selection of toppings which includes things like Brie, avocado (but don't get your hopes up - it's avocado purée, not slices), etc. The burgers themselves are just okay. Not worth sacrificing a gluten-free diet for.笑
This is more like 3.5 stars.

Ever since Shake Shack in NYC changed the way I looked at burgers and shakes, I've been on the look out for burger joints back home in Toronto.   I passed by this location back in October when it first opened and finally had a chance go try out their gourmet offerings today.  

I had the Mushroom Melt burger today in a combo with yummy sweet potato fries.  Sandwiched between the large burger bun is a thin 6 oz beef patty with sauteed mushrooms, portabello mushrooms, tomato, lettuce, mayo and brie whose creaminess more than made up for the slightly dry patty.  It's pretty good! 

The lunchtime crowd comes in waves and seating is limited.  Definitely a good place to drop by for lunch.笑
GBC is my favourite burger place in Toronto. Better than Hero, W, GBQ, etc. The burgers always taste great and the staff is friendly. A tiny bit more expensive than Hero but well worth it. 

Only down side is when it gets busy you can wait a while for your burger, but again, worth it.笑
Was looking forward to calorie-splurging at the Gourmet Burger Co. after doing some serious working out this morning.  Alas, I was sorely let down.  While the beef patty itself was juicy (albeit very thin - I expected a chunkier burger with more "bite"), there were some serious issues with the execution of my Spicy Cajun Burger.  

Things I would like to see improved:  

1.  Please do not serve the burger bun dead cold.  
2.  My single piece of lettuce was served so that half of it was hanging outside of the burger - seems that the kitchen staff didn't even care enough to make sure the burger was presentable
3.  Can I have a bit more topping with that burger?
4.  Fries - soft and lukewarm
5.  Please add a place to hang coats since the stools around the middle of the restaurant have no backs and there is no place to hang your jacket if you are stuck there and have a coat on.  

Frankly, I would go up to Craft Burger since both are about the same distance from my home and Craft Burger does better overall.笑
Great burgers, very juicy and original!

The interior looked like an upscale burger place (better than looking like fast food).

Service was good too.

Recommend!笑
the burgers are great
the sweet potato fries are wonderful
the onion rings are really greasy
craft burger has better onion rings