For those who use to frequent the old Cips - this is completely remodeled and all brand new!  It has an open, bright, clean and clutter free decor.  The grand opening is Friday, May 18th.  The food is good and the drink prices are reasonable.  What really stands out are the staff.  The service is very friendly and knowledgable.  I'm sure there will be a learning curve, like any new business - but, when I was there the owners were around and asking for opinions.  All of the customers sitting near me were commenting on the same things. It's nice to have a local bar with friendly customers!  You will have to search for parking, like ever other business in the area.  There is parking in the front and a small lot next to Cips.笑
Stopped in for a bite and were disappointed by the food. Wings were on special at 25 cents each but they were dry and lacking flavor. Fries were terrible, even dipped in ranch. Service was fine.笑
Well, it's not awful. Actually, the first few times I went in there I had a pretty good opinion of the place. But as they adjusted the menu, staffing, hours, etcetera they have gotten away from what I liked about them.

The menu was wide and varied as the other reviewer mentioned ten months ago. The selections have shrunk each time that I've gone in. The wings are still very good. They have gotten rid of many of their entrees and have concentrated on bar food. Financially, that probably makes sense, but I liked having the greater choices.

I hit here for lunch at least once a week, but now they cut back their hours and open later in the afternoon. Again, I'm sure that this was a business decision. It's a shame that they didn't give themselve's more time to build a lunch clientele. It was nice to have them as a local lunch option.

Lastly, the staff doesn't strike me as the friendliest around. I wouldn't say that they are rude, but neither would I call it warm and inviting. 

It's a clean, sharp place with good wings and plenty of TVs. If this is what you are looking for, great. If you need more than that head up the street to Cain's who does the same things but seems to do it better.

If and when you do visit, either walk or park on the street. Although there is a parking lot next to the restaurant, it belongs to the post office and you can not park there. I walked past one evening while the owners/management were in a heated discussion about this situation with the local police and from what I saw they were very disrespectful to our local law enforcement. It's not their lot and the police were only enforcing this. Honestly, their attitudes in this matter likely colored my opinion about their establishment.

I wanted to like Cips, right now I can only recommend that it is "okay".笑
I stopped in here on a whim a couple weeks ago and the place is much different than I expected it to be.  It is clean, and updated with more than enough T.V.s.  The service was pretty damn good, prompt and polite.  I ordered a club sandwich, which was a club sandwich (not sure how anyone can mess that up) and my buddy ordered a burger, which he thought was very good.  We ordered wings as an appetizer and they were really good.  The wings are cooked perfectly, and they are nice and meaty; the sauce was generic good, nothing too special about it.

Great place for wings and beer and to watch a game!笑
Very nice inside. They could get away with a classier menu. The food is your standard bar food that comes frozen in a box and then fried. I would come here more often if they had vegetarian/fresh items on the menu but it is my favorite place in Dormont to go if you're just looking to drink or especially watch a game.