So since we live around the block and were lazy we decided to give it another shot. Again sushi was ok nothing to brag about cooked food took forever to come! Waiter was horrible !

Won't be back for sure this time. I don't care how close this place is!!!!!笑
We have always enjoy eating at the Rainbow location but we want to check the new location out.  As it happens, it's better at the Sahara location.  Since we are regulars, Pedro recognized us and has been amazing.  He made 6 different dishes for us tonight.  And they were fabulous.  
The wait service needs improving as he kept asking if we were finished and then when he took away our empties, he dump sauce on my coat and purse.  Still we were a fan and will be back very soon.  Like next week.笑
Just awful sushi. Mostly tried nigiri. The rice was not seasoned correctly. The fish was dry. The uni was grey. They served the eel with eel sauce on the same plate as other sushi getting the eel sauce onto the other nigiri. Multiple orders of appetizers failed to arrive. Service was slow.笑
Came here on a Sunday night. It was busy so that just about all the tables were taken, but there wasn't a ridiculous wait. We had a really large party here, so we reserved a separate dining room to accommodate for all of us. Their service was really great. Food came out pretty fast and the waiters are friendly and are very attentive to your needs. 

The quality of the nigiri was just OK. It wasn't horrible, but it didn't particular stand out. The proportion or rice to fish is average. They give you more rice than some better places I've been to, which tends to fill you up. Also the quality of the fish wasn't great either. It was fresh, but with certain cuts of fish, you can generally taste a difference in quality from the texture. The rolls were pretty good, but they generally are at any AYCE place. None of it seems to stand out, but I rarely see that anyways. 

One of things I got that usually well judges the quality of a place was the uni and a salmon skin roll. The uni was ok. Usually a good piece of uni will have that buttery texture, which this one didn't. This one also had more of a soapy taste, which is generally from uni that isn't as fresh or good quality. The salmon skin hand roll: a good one will have nice, crispy, crunchy pieces of salmon skin. But the ones I ordered here were crunchy and moist, meaning that they didn't toast it long enough to get that right texture.

Overall, it was ok. It was about $26 a person for dinner, which is pretty typical. I've already found some other better AYCE sushi places in Vegas, so I probably wouldn't come back here unless someone really wanted to.笑
Excellent service! Excellent food! Kevin is a great server with excellent customer service skills. He engages the guests and keeps us coming back.笑
Our go-to sushi place!! I never leave disappointed. All you can eat is the way to go. Good music, too :)笑
I ate here with my family and I enjoyed it. The people here are great! The food is good. They have a lot of varieties to choose from. From sushi to Japanese food they have it. Plan on making this one of my favorite sushi bars to eat at.笑
Overall everything was fine, the food was good, sushi chef Daniel was good and knowledgeable, but tell the server to shut up already.  

He kept telling us that we should go to SLS's K***** and eat at his other job because the sushi and fish was so good there.  Every time he stopped by he would bring it up.  Soooo annoyinggggg.  

Anyways, I did the all you can eat so I had many different types of fish while my friend ordered pork belly by recommendation of Daniel.  Everything was good and we had a little extra to take home.  

I like this location a lot better than their original but lay off the annoying upsell of a different sushi establishment!  Geez.笑
Best sushi in Las Vegas!! Great atmosphere, and fresh quality food! I'm very picky when it comes to sushi restaurants and finally found the one! OYSHI is the spot for the best sushi!!! I went to the Sahara location.笑
Once again Oyshi does it perfectly! Our server Kim was amazing providing us amazing specialty rolls along with specialty drinks including ones specially made for my fiance's sister visiting on a very rare occasion and she made her feel perfectly at home here at the restaurant.  The head chef who also made our experience quite memorable allowed us to enjoy some shots with him plus even better specialty rolls than we've ever had before!  Much love to both him as well as the bartender keeping us lively during our brief time!笑
Extensive menu, fast service, and delicious food. This place is an absolutely amazing choice for good sushi. The Oyshi on Rainbow was always my go to before, but I am so glad that they opened up a second location that is more convenient for me. The garlic albacore is a must.笑
Amazing service from Kenny! Very friendly & funny. Treat Us very well! Thank you so much for your outstanding service! I will come back & definitely ask for Kenny as my server! Thank you!笑
I began eating here years ago at the other location and let me tell you that they never disapoint. Always fresh.  My friends call it techno sushi because of the music they play.  I rate it a 10.笑
Went during the week for dinner and didn't have to wait long. I really liked the interior and the staff was very nice, we sat at the sushi bar and had great service.笑
Just had a great experience with the server Golden. Funny, knowledgeable, and he got all the order correct. It wasn't my first time here, but he's always been the best. Water was filled, food was correct, and he made me laugh. Two thumbs up!笑
Had Father's Day plans this past Sunday at Oyshi with our family. We called to make a reservation at 7:00pm in one of their private rooms, but when arriving to the location, the hostess and manager told us that "unfortunately" the person we spoke to on the phone forgot to put the reservation into their system. Our family was visiting from California - but plans were ruined on a very special occasion.笑
The Oyshi on south rainbow blvd is one of our ultimate favorite sushi places in Vegas. Being closer to home, I swore this location would soon be one of my new frequent regulars. Needless to say, I have come here a handful of times but never had anything justifiable to review... on average could never give more than 3 stars, but after this sad encounter, I guess it's time since my rating for it has depleted. 

I'm big on customer service & truly believe your server contributes to a large part of your dining experience. Our server's name was Junua, and I wish I could say one good thing about him. He was emotionless, unhelpful & scarce majority of our stay... to order or get refills from him was so difficult. It started with asking for more Splenda since all of the ones given were crunchy from being wet previously & dried. All downhill from there. The place wasn't even busy with only 4 other tables. No excuse honestly.

We ordered our usuals. I don't think it's bias, but the chefs here are just not as good as the rainbow Oyshi location. The ASIAN SKIRT STEAK was dry, the LOVE AFFAIR had not as much lobster & crab but excessive crunch flakes, and the AHI POKE was bland. The GREEN TEA PARFAIT had rock hard granola & was drenched with strawberry syrup. I couldn't even enjoy it. In terms of what was decent? The MONSTER ROLL, SPICY TUNA & SALMON NIGIRI were good.

Oh, they no longer have white tuna on their menu... and apparently there is a one order limit on their baked mussels and they have crossed out the "multiple orders allowed" on their ice cream? I thought this was all-you-can-eat? Lol. I think we are officially done with this place. Aside from the extremely cute decor and fun playlist, it's no wonder this place isn't busy on a Saturday.

*SIDENOTE: He had no name tag on (young black guy), but shoutout to the sweet busser who was friendly and far more accommodating than our server Junua ever was. Get that boy a raise! Our busser honestly is responsible for this being a 2 star rating instead of just 1! We appreciate you, sir.笑
Kenny Lee was a very good and friendly server, made the experience great. Hope you get him as your server!!笑
Insane, been here plenty times before and just being seated there was still rice, sticky floors on our table and our hostess once contacted about the situation told us well that's everywhere. What kind of answer is that? I've never left a bad review on yelp before. Please look through. This had to have been the most ignorant thing anyone has ever said to me when having an issue, I'm very easy going. Hope the owner sees who / what type of people he's hiring, unbelievable.笑
Super service. Nice music and decorations.  Fantastic selection of rolls.  Got the rattle snake and Oyshi rolls.  I was not disappointed.笑
Food was ok but overpriced for $27 AYCE, our server was slow and never checked up on us. I constantly had to ask the busser to get our server, since he wasn't allowed to take any additional orders. Very disappointed. One of our rolls had questionable fish. It definitely wasn't fresh. Won't be coming back here!笑
Friendly but WORST SERVICE Ever!!!!!  We had to ask for our server 3 times, we only ordered twice ayce cause they were so slow.  Food is not as good as the oyshi on Rainbow.  We will never come back!!!!  Very poorly managed, not enough servers and over staffed in other positions.  On top of that manager walked by several times and saw are drinks were empty and did nothing about it.  Best part was the trio creme brûlée which there is no trio only one reg creme brûlée.  Sushi rice was very mushy.笑
I didn't get a very good first impression from this restaurant. Without diverting too much from the food, I would just like to say that there are a few unhappy people employed here, and it shows. It was pretty apparent that there is a lot of internal politics going on at this place. It made me feel very uncomfortable as a patron.... Aside from that, this place has decent food, a great selection of rolls, sushi and sashimi.

    I counted forty signature rolls on there menu. My friend who visits the place frequently, suggested the "High Roller." It did not disappoint. The screaming sauce had a small bite to it. The "Nuclear Bomb" was my favorite of the night. The crunch flakes (I think it was coconut) gave the roll a great taste! I was feeling a little brave so I also ordered the Sea urchin with quail egg. It didn't look very appealing, but it wasn't gross either. Come to think of it, it didn't have much flavor at all. It tasted like a sunny side up egg with some cold fish inside. 

   The service was okay. It started off pretty shaky, but the waiter opened up to us later in the night. I think he was having a bad day. The place is pretty clean and modern. They have plenty of adult drinks to choose from, along with a small bar near the entrance.笑
This is for the all-you-can-eat lunch for $21. They make it fresh as you order and is not premade, nor is it buffet-style, which I love. A plethora of selections from hand rolls, sushi, appetizers- hot and cold, and cooked sushi ( didn't order any, personal
Preference ). Uni is not included during lunch. Quality is great. I dined at the newer location which is nicely decorated with modern touches, semi-private rooms are also available. Service is good. Not a lot of people for lunch on a weekday but maybe because it's at the new location. Would come back here!笑
I went here for lunch for the first time 5/5/16.... I will be going back ASAP. Because my time was short I just had Tempura Udon soup... it was fabulous and large enough that I took left overs. The lunch menu has a ton of items, the prices are good. The decor is wonderful, the server was nice and I got back to work on time. I will be back笑
Pretty spacey sushi place. I want to say the best sushi made in third place. All you can eat is the best deal in the house.笑
Tried this place since I'm not from Vegas but my boyfriend is , and he said it was a fav . I thought it was unique because I've never had AYCE sushi but coming to this place I thought it was worth . The place was really nice and clean , super spacious with nice decor . The staff was friendly and took their time with us when it came to ordering and making sure we were fine or if we needed stuff . The food was great , though the portions were small . Lots of rice on the rolls though , and they don't have much stuff when it comes to raw fish . Other than that , I thought this place was great and I would definitely come back when I'm in Vegas again !笑
Food was delicious, but the service....the service is terrible!!!!! The hostess was a complete bitch and laughed when we asked to sit at a preferred table. She said they are reserved for larger parties (we are a party of 3)....it made us upset because a party of 3 was at the exact table. Ordered a rainbow roll at 6:30pm and at 7:50pm we asked where is was. They had no clue so 15 minutes later we received the roll. It took 30 minutes to even get a water!!! Everyone around us was complaining and the whole atmosphere was a downer. Food was good, but I would rather get sushi from the grocery store then deal with this bs. P.s...they leave a pitcher of water on the table...not to be nice...it's because it's too difficult for them to even refill a water笑
I really don't know how this restaurant is getting 5 stars? Is this friends and family? The fish was fresh enough, but when the rice is twice the size of any AYCE sushi out there, it seems to not be worth it. I ate mainly nigiri. The waiter was apologetic enough, though he forgot many orders. Service was painfully slow, and I started to think it was a tactic strategy so i will eat less since there were 15 minute gaps. Plus only one dessert? I normally have 2, which I always eat since portions are usually small. Needless to say, I will not be coming back even if it is 2 blocks away.笑
Had an early Father's Day dinner here tonight! We had Kenny aka Golden as a server and he was excellent!!! Really helped us out with the menu, and was funny too!! The food was great and so was the interior of the restaurant! It's decorated so beautifully!! Also the fact that pretty much the whole menu is AYCE, including appetizers is just incredible! Steak and sushi? Count me in笑
Delicious food, good atmosphere, great service - all quality stuff here at Oyshi Sushi.  And of course the name's rather amusing.  The sushi chef that helped us at the bar was very friendly and conversational.  Since we're new to Vegas, he even suggested some good places to go check out for recreational purposes.  We'd recommend this restaurant and will likely return, but will probably check out other places in town (since there are soooooo many options).  If you're nearby, I'd definitely say it's worth the stop.  Here's the rundown on food:

Things we tried that I'd recommend:
Rattlesnake Roll - good stuff, great combo of flavors
Oyshi Roll - the signature roll lives up to it's role - a must-have
Gyoza - order it pan-friend (even though they only list deep fried & steamed)
Chung Hua - Probably my favorite roll of the night
Nuclear Bomb - chef made this when we requested one of his choices - not for the weak tongued.  This one's very spicy and tasty!
Yellowstone - really great baked roll
Ahi Poke Salad - I really enjoyed this - well rounded flavor, fresh and tasty - wife thought it was too seaweed-y
Shrimp Tempura - the kiddo loves this stuff

Items you could skip:
Baked Mussels - rather bland, prefer 'em creamier and with more zip
Calamari - very basic, dipping sauces are okay, nothing special, needed salt
Heart Attack - it's good, but have the Nuclear Bomb instead
Treasure - wife said she liked it, I didn't think it really stood out much;笑
Sad to give a bad review because it started off great. Somewhere after two orders it took 35mins to get someone's attention to make another order and another 20 for someone to tell us they're making it. Our server never came back after he initially got lost, but came back to tell us "sorry that's the way it works." Bullshit. Tried to be understanding seeing as they were shorthanded, but then again the restaurant was only half full and 2 servers and 2 runners walking around. Not our fault they were understaffed. The other sad thing is not everyone in the service industry is taught customer service and it clearly showed here today. Obviously won't be returning even though one of the servers(not ours) tried to repair the situation as much as he could. Too bad because the food was decent albeit it got sloppy as the meal went on.笑
My absolute favorite sushi chain here in Las Vegas! They have an All You Can Eat (AYCE) menu with many to choose from! Personal favorites: Love Affair, Vegas Roll, and Ribeye steak! For dessert I usually get vanilla creme brûlée or mochi ice cream!笑
Food and Service is top notch!!!! Best Sushi spot I have ever been to! Ask for Ray as your waiter, he is phenomenal! This will definitely be our go too Sushi spot for now on! 

So my review is fair the food coming to our table was a little slow towards the end but Ray made sure we knew what was going on and advocated in the kitchen for us. $145.00 for four people with all you can eat sushi and desert plus 4 sake bombs a sapporo and a large hot sake.

Update 4-13-2015 Sad Ray no longer works there. Food is still great and the new waitress was nice, but just average, not fun like Ray!笑
Very nice and spacious compared to rainbow location. Ok so here i go with the review. Its exactly what you expect from the other location unfortunately. I'm just really surprised that by now they would have their Sh*t together. So when you order your dishes here you would think you get them in the order you order them but you don't. they would even try to rush you when you eat here because theres so much staff everyone takes your order.笑
Went on a Sunday night about 8:30pm.  Tried to go to Sushi Goymon first but there was a 2 hour wait, so decided to venture over to Oyshi Sushi.  

When we arrived the place was half full, but still seemed overwhelmed, dirty dishes piled on empty tables with hostess clearing tables, waited about 5 minutes before she was able to seat us.  Not a big problem, but should've taken it as a sign of things to come.  

We ordered some hot tea which came luke warm which got us off to a bad start.  The sushi, dragon rolls, caterpillar roll, tuna, were all fine, but took about 20 minutes to arrive.  We also ordered salads which came AFTER yes after the sushi about 30 minutes later.  When I mentioned this to the waiter, he simply said that we have two different kitchens and we bring things when they are ready.  

Overall, it sushi was ok, probably 3 stars, but service was lacking so minus a star.  Probably would not go back.笑
Place was delicious! Definitely recommend it to anyone. There was a variety of selections and the Rib eye steak was amazing.笑
The best sushi ever. I was there with my family and was really Nice. Good foot and drinks. Nice music lounge.笑
Sushi was delicious and they had a ton of variety on the menu. AYCE is always the best route to go because it opens up the entire menu for you. Waitress was nice but we didn't see too much of her besides when she delivered our rolls. We had to ask for refills on our drinks because she want checking up on us. Food made up for the lack of customer service. Good stuff!笑
Sushi can be so strange, and so personal, and opinions are like *ssholes - everyone's got one. But this must be said: I love Oyshi Sushi on Sahara. 

IF you come here often, you learn the pace and the chefs will learn your taste and it's like chocolate and peanut butter: magic will happen.

If you come here thinking you've got the most sophisticated sushi palate on the planet, take your stuck-up self somewhere else. Because this AYCE is not about how much uni or conch or surf clam you can talk them into giving you. It's about sitting at the sushi bar and biting into creative hand rolls that are handed to you by hand - enjoying the crackle of the toasted nori cone and having a cool time with a team of what are probably the coolest sushi chef personalities in the city. It's about enjoying the game on the generously-sized HDTVs while experiencing awesome service. My water cup / green tea cup is NEVER empty here - that is a rare thing, especially at an AYCE sushi spot!

My favorite kitchen item is their deliciously tender and flavorful 'Asian Skirt Steak' served sizzling on a bed of onions and cabbage (included in AYCE), solid apps and skewers (also included) as well as appealing gyoza (steamed or fried) and other standard "Midwestern" Japanese kitchen items are all included.

Not a fan of the species of oysters they serve (and I love oysters) - weird texture - so I just don't order them anymore. There are plenty of other things I like ordering. Fresh scallop sushi (better than Sushi Koma's), the 'Monster' hand roll (soft shell crab, eel, spicy crab, avocado) and a few other secret items that I'm not going to disclose because I don't want them to be out of them the next time I go, which is currently once-a-week whenever possible.

This place is the jam. (Go and discover it for yourself.)笑
Sitting next to the head chief and his family. Sweet, he has given us a guided tour of the menu. No time limit on AYCE! Love the sashimi it came on a platter with salmon, albacore, tuna and yellowtail belly" not on AYCE" melt in your mouth delicious. Pictures of AYCE food and desert included in all you can eat. 

I trust your dinning experience will as great without Ryan Akagi Head Sushi chief leans over see you Yelping and introduces himself & family and recommends his personal favorites. Vegas is all about personal service Jamie and the staff provided in readable service. 

He works at the one on Rainbow but lives close to Sahara. In on this day off that is know the fish is fresh and the atmosphere is mellow.笑
Oyshi is like one of those Simple Pleasures in life but still has the Finesse and class of an international cruise boat sailing foreign Seas and sharing with you nautical Delicacies.  The second time I've been here and it's just as good as I remembered if not better the staff and chefs do an amazing job and a really great and attentive and ready to listen can even get fresh wasabi the desert to delicious and you really can't go wrong with just about anything on the menu if you've never been here before then I highly suggest it to anyone and everyone plus they have happy hour.笑
Great experience. Sat at the bar and just let Nacho (sushi chef) create his own delicious rolls. Better than the menu items笑
Excellent food and a great value. The sushi was fresh tasting and had wonderful flavor. The all you can eat lunch was filling. About 90% of the menu is open for orders on the all you can eat lunch.笑
Perfect and sushi are hard to put together. But Oyshi does a valiant job at striving for it.

Our hostess was mediocre. As the face of the business her attitude and manners said "We could give a crap less." Not the image any business wants to exude.

Our server Vangie saved the day with her bubbly attitude and her menu suggestions. After some discussion of what we were looking for Vangie recommended the all you can eat.

The expansive selection of the all you can eat menu is worth it. There are some caveats, but they are well worth it.

The only draw back that some may find with the system was half sized sushi rolls, 6 piece, instead of 8 or 10.

The sushi was good, and the other offerings tasty. I would absolutely eat there again, and the price is good for the quality.笑
The food and people are amazing!! It never a disappointment!! I come atleast once a week. We're spoiled.笑
Yet another phenomenal dinner at Oyshi. Food, service, atmosphere, everything was great. 

Service was attentive, but not overbearing. Never had to wait for a refill, and we were frequently checked in on. 

But the real kicker was our sushi chef, Nacho. Friendly, funny and overall just awesome. I'm always impressed when the chef offers to make me their own creation, and his was truly delicious. Not like anything else I've ever had, and so amazingly plated, I almost didn't want to eat the roll. 

Plus with their drink specials Mon-Thurs, this place is definitely in my AYCE sushi rotation.笑
Service was good, the food was good but beware that the nigiri is alittle over filled with rice. The ratio a little big for the thin slices of fish. Other than that will be coming back for more in the future.笑
My very best sushi stop ever. The All You Can Eat items are the best variety that I've seen. The service can't be beat. The atmosphere is perfect. I absolutely love it here.笑
Excellent food! Great service! Reasonably priced! Our second time here and highly recommend! Told were really wonderful! One if the best sushi places in town!笑
Excellent fresh sushi, an all you can eat menu, and great customer service!

I rotate between the rainbow location and this one depending on who is working.  Father's Day was a busy night. Still, the restaurant reserved my seating for three in front of Chef Daniel at the Sushi Bar. 

The all-you-can-eat menu is pages long and includes sizzling hot plates (e.g., surf & turf), cold salads, hot soups, tempera, sushi combinations, and one selection from their dessert section for about $25.00. Although the Hamachi Kama isn't included in the all-you-can-eat price, I usually order it. It is on of my favorites.

The atmosphere is relatively quiet and roomy. The lighting is dime in the evening. This restaurant offers a more private atmosphere with room for large parties as well. They have a full service bar. They have TV's at the bar and the sushi bar. 

The restaurant often has daily sushi fresh catches that are available for the all-you-can-eat patrons. I love when they have the red snapper and fresh conch. 

You won't be disappointed!笑
First time @ Oyshi on Valentines day 
Food was ok and Service was great Thank you Tiffany for your recommendations and helping us~ We enjoyed our dinner :)

I will be back!!~


Rolls that you must try.
Rattle Snake, Love affair, Double Salmon, Nyi roll笑
Our waitress kimberly was horrible, she took about 30 minutes JUST to get our drinks to us. Then said she would be right back to take our order and came back another 30 minutes later JUST to take our order. AND it wasnt even busy it was a monday afternoon probably about 4 tables of people there. Never going back笑
Agree with several who have commented already, the service was horrible at best. The waitress barely looked at us when she spoke, kept calling my wife and I "you guys" and did not listen to our answers when she asked a question. Also no half rolls disappointing. No comparison to Yama Sushi or a couple of other places that we often frequent. Would not recommend the all you can eat as with opinion is not a good value at this restaurant. Perhaps if sitting at the Sushi bar the service would be better.  Might add; have had the pleasure of enjoying Sushi around the world, not just various locations in the US and VEGAS in particular. Doesn't make me an expert by any means, but perhaps a little more adept on determining what I expect. Whether it be Japan, Korea, Europe, Guam, Hawaii, Taiwan, or here in the US, service is service and quality is the same expectation regardless. If a restaurant wants to be great, they have to be consistent.笑
How can you beat AYCE sushi for $27?  Had dinner here last night. Sat at the bar and had great service. enjoyed chatting with the chefs and watching the sushi be made.  Service is great, prices are reasonable.  Couldn't ask for more.笑
Lunch $ 21.00 / Person - Dinner $ 26.00 / Person for AYCE.

Rice, rice, rice and a brick of rice in my belly. This place really knows how to give the illusion of a good fish to rice ratio by giving lengthy fish slices, but underneath you meet your doom of impending rice. They compacted the rice so it was thick like a rock.

The menu selection is not great for AYCE, you have many limits on what and where you can order from. No sashimi, no soft shell crab (only in rolls), no half rolls, all the rolls are large standard size -mostly 8 pieces with the exception of some that are 5 pieces (still the same large size as the 8 pieces, just cut differently.) Not a great place if you want to try a bunch of different rolls. Even the nigiri selection was limited and overall pretty unimpressive.

Don't even think about ordering the ahi poke, seafood salad, salmon skin salad, or any of their salads for that matter. They were crazy weak in flavor/ fish/ execution. I wasn't happy with them. At all. 

The only redeeming dishes were:
1. Dynamite appetizer 
2. Salmon belly nigiri
3. Baked mussels 
4. Green tea creme brûlée
And that's it...

The service we received was below average. They weren't even busy! There were 2 other tables dining besides us. We had to ask multiple times to different servers to grab us wasabi and hot sauce. Our waitress was missing, most of our dinner.

In the end, we left feeling uncomfortably stuffed due to the dense rice expanding. To top it off, it was hot and stuffy in there, and the music made my ears bleed. I agree the interior design was new, modern, beautiful, and spacious, but the overall night club vibe of the restaurant was highly disconcerting. 

In a city that loves a good AYCE sushi joint, this is not the place to go. I would recommend another Korean ran spot that does a better job: Sakana. 

Now, with a belly busted from rice, I bid you good luck and good evening.笑
Had a great time here.  We ordered the crazy cali roll and the volcano roll.  Excellent service,  friendly staff and good food!  We will back.笑
We went last night for a friends birthday with a group of 15 people. Our server was apparently a sushi chef there as well as a server. He should probably give up serving and be a sushi chef because the service was terrible. His excuse at the end was that he was training two other new servers. The craziest part was there was NO manager in the whole place to correct any of the issues we had! You bet he added gratuity to the check at the end though! We all happen to work in the industry, most of us down on the strip and this wouldn't fly where we work. We all sat down and ordered all you can eat around 7:30 pm. The gap between drink service and ordering was pretty long. Ok so we can handle that I guess. When we finally were able to order food came out and half of it was missing throughout this long dragged out dinner. We were missing rolls, appetizers and soup. We mentioned it a few times but we never got it. By 9:23 we were so annoyed we asked for separate checks. Now we had told him this from the beginning. I know I'm use to producing and running up to 20 separate checks at a time and it takes me about 8 min to separate them and then another 8 to process payments. We timed it and literally did not get our check back till 10pm when we all started to head up to the front of the restaurant just so we could get out of there. No apologies, no compensation and 18% added to the checks. Food was average for what we were able to try because half of it didn't come out. Stay away from this location. They just take your money and waste your time!笑
We finally checked out the new location of Oyshi at Sahara.  It's nice and roomy.  As usual sushi was good.  They had some new stuff on the menu.  I'll be sure to try them next time. We got to see Nyi again.  I think he actually remembers us although we haven't seen him in years.  This location is a little far from us but we'll be back for sure when we're in the neighborhood.  Otherwise we'll be at the Rainbow location bugging Ryan and Justin.  Ha ha!!!笑
Tonight we had dinner for the first time at Oyshi and we had an amazing time!!!!! We started at the bar with Princess while we waited for our table and she was funny and quick with service. Once sat at the sushi bar we met Chef Daniel who sent out a started that was an amazing chicken platter. The night only got better when we gave him control and he made specialty rolls all night we enjoyed every second! All of the chefs were great entertainment and very engaging. Thank you to Chefs Daniel (son), Nacho, Pedro, Jose, and Chino for a great night!!!! Can't wait to go back!笑
Sushi bar awesome... Rolls come fast taste great and you can order half rolls... But you do have to flag them down for your drink refills... But worth the yummy roll o my heart is my favorite!笑
Kenny Kenny Kenny!! :D 

Sushi was great, Kenny was better! 
Thank you so much for your amazing customer service and the laughs! 

We will defiantly be coming back :D笑
We got seated around 7 placed our order in by 7:15 and waited almost an hour and half to receive our sushi. The manager wasn't addressing the situation, other tables were also complaining about the wait time. Also the manager didn't apologize once but his employee came over to apologize.笑
The AYCE sushi here is unbelievable!! It's the best I've had in the city and I'm an avid sushi goer! The fish are fresh and miso soup is unbelievable!笑
This location has been under two different names . The quality of the sushi is not the same as the location on Rainbow . The service is OK . Improvements are needed if they want to carry the Oyshi's reputation. The only thing I liked was that they weren't packed like the Oyshi on Rainbow .笑
Atmosphere is nice. Umbrella lights were my wife's favorite part aside from the tree rooms. Sushi is good. Service is friendly.笑
Had lunch there toady with my hubby .the sushi rice is leftovers it's undercooked. The service was bad. Waited a long time for order even though there's only 3table customers in  . We like the other location much more.笑
Hello everybody, this sushi joint was off the hook, literally. The food is amazing, the service there is nothing like it anywhere else in town. Chef Daniel and Pedro are terrific sushi rollers and they provide great entertainment if you sit at the sushi bar. Our server was Kenny who never let us down with our drinks and ginger. Thank you again guys for the amazing food and great time.笑
*Review on specialty rolls, not nigiri

Came here twice in the last month so I guess it's review time! Both times I've recently come I've been lucky and never really had to wait for a table but by the time I'm done, it's filled up and there's a bit of a wait so I would definitely call ahead for larger parties. I'm no sushi expert & I totally understand that you're not getting some award winning fish for ayce but hey I love the rolls and variety of them here; plus almost everything tastes good with mango sauce lol.

PRICES:
Lunch ayce: $21
Dinner ayce: $26

Few of my favorites:

Sexy (my #1 fave!): yum-yum scallop, cream cheese, crunch flakes, topped with eel tempura, wasabi mango sauce and eel sauce

Love Affair: shrimp tempura roll with yum-yum lobster, crunch flakes and masago on top

Atomic Bomb: shrimp tempura with spicy crab, and jalapeno on top inflaming hot chili sauce

Hawaiian Roll: Albacore shrimp, cucumber and avocado wrapped seared albacore with garlic ponzu

Seaweed salad: not too oily here & a lot of seaweed so an "A" in my book

& last but not least, THE CREME BRULEE TRIO!!!! This is what keeps me coming back to this place.The chocolate flavor is my favorite because it tastes basically like a creamy brownie but their traditional and green tea flavors are awesome as well.

Service has been good everytime I've came, water is always kept filled, and servers are pretty friendly. Also, this location is really pretty on the inside, definitely a good choice for date night.笑
I love it when Kenny is our server !! He is honestly the best .. Food is great but he makes the experience way better .. Kevin does the best job managing ... And Chayia does the best rolls笑
This was my first time here I know that they have other location. I loved it here I will be coming back for my birthday because they have amazing private room it was worth the experience and the sushi was great ! Customer service was excellent .笑
If I could give zero stars I would. Came here for dinner. When I checked in the lady told me it would be 20-30 minutes. After an hour and a half passed we finally are seated. It took 15 minutes to get a waitress over. We put our drinks and food in... 45 minutes later.. still had not received our food. We brought the matter up to the manager and he said if we didn't like it we knew where the door is. I am very disappointed. I will be calling the higher ups of the restaurant and will never be back. Thanks for nothing笑
We went to celebrate my wife's birthday with friends and family and reserved the VIP room. We have been there before and thought the food was good and wanted to go back. I do not usually post reviews but this was by far the worst experience I had to say something. From the start our server was not very forth coming. Just him asking for our drinks was a bother to him. He could not even get through the entire table of 10 before he had to excuse himself and said he will be right back. We all looked at each other like wtf just happened?? Then when he finally took all of our drink orders he ended up forgetting one and it took forever to get him to bring that drink. 

We figured we better get our order in right away since we were already afraid of what was to come. So our food started coming out and the runners that were delivering the food literally had no idea what each roll was. They came to the table and had the list of what was on their tray but didn't know which was which. So they just basically put the food on the ends of our table for us to figure out what each roll was for ourselves. This happened with each person that brought anything out to our table. It ended up A couple of us didn't even receive all of our rolls and we received a couple extra rolls that didn't even order. 

This was about an hour into us being there and do you think we have received any refills on our drinks by now? One of our friends actually went to the bar and asked for a pitcher of water. Literally baffled at this point. 

Needless to say at the end of the evening we asked to speak to a manager and the lady that was walking by at the moment that actually paid attention to us claimed to be the manager. We told her our concerns of the service and lack there of and how they did not know any of the food they were serving. She seemed like she had heard it before but was not willing to compensate us for our troubles. Only to offer us more dessert. No thank you. 

DO NOT SIT IN THE BACK ROOM AS THEY WILL FORGET YOU ARE THERE! But also please train your people on the food you serve. 

10 people that will never eat at this restaurant again!笑
Love the ayce order right off the menu to the chef at the bar. Been here several times and never disappointed. Not too expensive and great variety. Will be back笑
Their new location is in the space formerly occupied by Go Wild Sushi. Somehow they made the space less appealing. They tore out a row of booths and replaced them with tables. Also gone is the performance stage. The rest of the decor looks half finished. Luckily, their food is much better. A sampling of tuna, albacore, halibut, and yellowtail nigiri showed that their sushi is better than your average AYCE spot. An order of pork belly was good despite drowning in sauce. Rolls were fairly well crafter with minimal rice and ample fish. Each AYCE meal comes with one dessert. I opted for the velvety smooth chocolate creme brulee with its thick sugary crust.

A kid's menu is available. My kid's order of popcorn chicken filled a large bowl. As an a la carte item, it was an inexpensive deal that easily would have fed four kids. He ended his meal with a ice cream parfait made with vanilla ice cream, granola and chocolate and strawberry syrup.

3.5 Stars笑
Bomb ass sushi and a great menu selection. The all you can eat allows you to try many different items. I enjoyed it and will be back.笑
Food was okay ...I was disappointed at the end when we received the checks she charged a 20 % tip for me and 20% for each of my girl friends it was only 3 of us ! I felt ripped off because we were not a large party! So why did the waitress charge individually that 20% tip !!! not going back !笑
I was there with my husband to celebrate his birthday today.

We came in and waited to be seated. There was a party ahead of us so we waited but asked a passing waiter if we could just head to the sushi bar and sit down. We were told to wait for the waitress to seat us. So we patiently stood around for about 10 minutes to be seated at the bar, at which there were four open seats. The waitress eventually came and seated the party ahead so we stood at the front desk for a bit. Behind us a couple came in, headed to the bar while indicating to that waitress, who waved back to go ahead, sitting in the two middle of the remaining available seats.  My husband and I looked at each other, then the waitress who then indicated they were a party of three and could not move a seat over to let us sit at the bar as well. 

We stood there kind of shocked while the waitress then told us we could either sit at a table ( wouldn't be able to do half rolls which as just two people allows us to enjoy more different rolls) or sit at the separate alcohol bar (no bartender, away from the sushi chefs, kind of dark) or wait for one of the other couples to finish at the bar. We felt pretty slighted. We had stood there politely and waited our turn to be seated, only to have the remaining pairs of seats be taken by an INCOMPLETE party with no apology at all from the waitress. Just a kind of oh well you can wait or sit elsewhere.  It was pretty upsetting to have this happen, especially considering we came for my husbands birthday and wanted to do something nice.   We left. Had come before and enjoyed the food, which brought us back, but don't know if we will be returning for awhile. Seriously if I was able to give 0 star I could!笑
Been here a few times. Service is soooooo slow here!!! They do not have enough waiters on the floor! The food is alright between 1-10, I say a 6. Again, service is sooooooo slow, that's my ONLY complaint.笑
Great, fresh food but service and timing of the food being served was not that good. Be sure you are not on a time constraint when coming here.笑
AYCE sushi is always better with a group!

Ordering a bunch of different things and sharing them all is the best way to go with AYCE sushi because you discover what you love and what you don't want to go back for. This is the second location in town and it's a very nice spot. The layout, decor and fun seating arrangements are the best part of this place. The food is ok, good but not fantastic.

Vegas has so many incredible sushi spots so having as many options as we do oyshi should offer half rolls and a few sashimi options. Most sushi places do and the ultimate giveaway is the rice to fish ratio. This place is big on rice. They also didn't carry super white. WTF? 

So we came in a big group and ate our hearts out but I didn't have any unbelievable moments. Some things were better then the others and my favorites from this place were the iris roll, unagi and Spanish mackerel. But again nothing was a wow. Lots of rice and a 1 hour limit. 

The company was great so overall we had fun but with so many sushi options this isn't at the top of my list.笑
I love sushi and I love this place. It's nice little noisy but it has some beauty in it . good place . yummyyyy笑
Love this place!  Always loved the one on Rainbow but this location on Sahara opened not too long ago and the interior is so modern & edgy, great music too! Hot tamale roll will always be my favorite to order haha, I don't know any other sushi places who make that roll so.. Oyshi is my #1 sushi place in town.  Enjoy your food!笑
Quick service!
Best AYCE in town hands down
The spicy tuna crunch roll, so crunchy, so spicy, so yummie.
I would put that in my mouth every day. 
Also the green tea crème brûleè is orgasmic. Gotta have that.笑
Okay so I've been to this location multiple times, before I had pretty bad service...however the new assistant manager was serving us this time and he was awesome. I believe he said he just got promoted to that position recently and it seems like whatever they are changing is working. The staff was super friendly and the kitchen was super fast! I went with my husband and 2 kids and we ordered all you can eat for us and for the kids we got chicken. At the end we ordered ice cream for all of us and he was so nice for no reason at all took the kids ice cream off the bill. I have absolutely not one complaint about the way they are running this restaurant and hope they continue to do so! We just had our 3rd kid and when I'm recovered we're definitely going back!笑
The sushi was amazing and the service to match! This is the best sushi in Las Vegas! The food, service, and ambiance are phenomenal! Thank you Oyshi for a wonderful dinner and experience, I would recommend this place to anybody looking for amazing sushi and not looking to break the bank!笑
Love this place! Great sushi and nice environment. I used to go to the Oyshi on south rainbow and they are awesome too. This location is closer to me. Sit at the sushi bar and you get to order half rolls!!笑
They had me at all you can eat sushi! Anytime I come back to Vegas, this place will be a must go to for lunch or dinner.笑
I ate my first sushi meal in Hartsdale NY in 1995.  Since then, I have never left a grain of rice behind on any sushi plate.  I sat at the sushi bar tonight, and the chef just absolutely stuffed me full.  I lost track of how many pieces I had, but I'm sure it was over 31, and the bill was $31.  I tipped the waitress well and threw in an extra $5 to the chef tip jar as an apology for leaving sushi on my plate.  It was all worth every bit of it, including the over-stuffed feeling I'm having now.  

There were several pieces where the chef's creativity really came through.  I'd write more, but it hurts to sit down.  I will be back there just as soon as I can.  

Thank you, thank you, thank you!  

S.笑
The original Oyshi is my fav sushi spot but we love out on the reservation and it's just so very far! I was very excited when this location opened! We couldn't wait to go and we were NOT disappointed!!
The prices are lower- The ambiance is clean and classy- The music was 90's pop and at perfect volume- The staff were all so polite and helpful making selections.
The only reason I didn't give a full 5 stars is because they don't offer half rolls. My husband doesn't like a lot of the raw rolls that I order and it's too much for me to share his baked rolls. All in all... It was delicious and we will DEFINITELY be back!!笑
Good location but Low quality of sushi and terrible service! The service here is super slow! and server forgot your order such a terrible experience.笑
Great foods and fantastic service!!
whenever I come to Vegas, this is kinda must visit place!!
, .. 
  ...  
   ^^笑
AYCE - all you can eat SUSHI and ROLLS (half or full)!  Awesome, definitely enjoyed the spider hand rolls to lobster fair rolls.  
Thanks!笑
Service was good. AYCE was worth the price, but they need to update the website, prices have increased.

Most everything was great, the one thing that was not perfect they acknowledged and asked if I wanted another one and they would let the chef know.  

Kids AYCE is way overpriced.

Get there early on a weekend dinner, it gets busy and service gets slower.  Lots of staff to make sure your food gets out fast and freshly prepared.笑
Service is Slow, I think they have 1 menu for the entire place...Sushi was mediocre at best笑
This place is great! Although I'm not allowed to eat a lot of the food there, the menu has some great sushi. They have great All-you-can-eat prices!! They also have a kid's menu and other food that is not sushi. 

The place is very nice! It's clean and spacious! They have a bar as well.笑
The decor and atmosphere was nice, but there wasn't enough lighting to see the menu clearly. I was surprised that although their menu selection had a vast array, their portion is very tiny as if feeding children. Service was fair, but the overall impression for me was the size of the sushi. I was very surprised that it was only 1/3 the size of what I normally order here in Hawaii. You're eating in Vegas therefore, you'd expect their size to be at least normal, but that's what you get when they want to be cinchy, frugal, or should I say tight . Now I wonder if their fish was actually fresh or previously frozen!笑
First time and Overall everything was good, but the waitress was kind of slow and didn't really pay attention to our table !笑
Fantastic selection, freshness and service! I sure wish there was a location near the East Coast. I had oysters, Poké plus the sushi for one, low all you can eat price!笑
First time here at Oyshi's on Sahara Blvd. thanks to a recommendation from my chiropractor. 
I like the setup and the look of the place, feels comfortable, and love the menu. 
I had the all you can eat sushi with loads to pick from and they also have the non-sushi menu, pretty awesome!

I don't usually see a separate area with a bar in a sushi restaurant but it's here alright! and the cocktails options look great...I will definitely try it next time ;) not today to early for that :/ hey!! don't judge it's noon/ lunch time & on a Monday ;)

A 4 star due to the flavor of the sushi, it wasn't a super wow...ur typical Vegas sushi. Nothing compares to Cali sushi:( 
Service was great, cool chick w/ great eyebrows ; ) very helpful and great suggestions. 
Love the in house made Creme Brûlée! 
A must. 

I'll be back, perhaps I'll order something different and hopefully it will wow me to a 5 star  : *
Will definitely recommend it to Fam. And Friends.笑
Excellent sushi - terribly slow service, every time. Most of the time when we go, there are maybe 2-3 tables of people and yet the service is the slowest service of any restaurant I have ever been to. There are always many staff members walking around, looking busy, so they don't seem understaffed. Had this same problem at the other location, too, so it must be a training thing.We will continue to go back, because the sushi is delicious, but I wouldn't suggest coming here if you have an appointment or need to be somewhere on time. Even getting our waters refilled is almost impossible. We're going to attempt carry out here tonight - we'll see how that goes!笑
Excellent food, great service. Overall awesome experience. Fresh fish and tasty rolls. Salmon sushi was some of the freshest I've ever had. I will be coming back.笑
Its been awhile sinced i yelped but i feel that this experience was had to be reviewed. The outside building was charming an the inside felt cozy with a warm atmosphere. Were we greeted with a smile and told there was a wait. Then after we were seated the illusion were off an the nightmare started. Service was less to be desired an often times i was interupted with audible weird sound?? Feeling quite awkward I proceeded to order few sushi rolls and appetizers.

The shrimp tempura was not light and flaky. It tasted more like it coated with a heavy batter an was served not pipin hot but luke warm?
The pink lady sushi roll look like my nephew (5yrs old) learned how to make sushi for the first time

The Pokie has three pieces of light colored Ahi Tuna with seaweed and abundance of white onion on the bottom.  
Then to make matter worse 5 piece roll, coco roll, an mango roll all over sized pieces that could even fit in your mouth. The fish quality was very poor. Also tasted either salty or extremly sweet.

So i started to look around an noticed that the staff at the sushi bar; food runner who brought the food was just not in a pleasent mood.  They all seemed to give off a tired overworked type of mood. Waiter/waitress haphazardly put the plates anywhere and not clearing the table first of any dishes. My friend ordered the desert. She being brave (lol) ordered the green tea ice cream and that was overspun. 

Inconclusion i had high hopes of this place especailly how inviting it seemed on the outside. Alas very disappointed and won't be dinning here anymore.
Gave it 2 stars for hostess who greeted us promplty with a smile.笑
I hope it is just growing pains. Only one server. Waited on refills for quite a long time. Sushi was good. BF ordered surf n turf... It was bland and not worth the money. I know it a sushi place but they should make the quality of food great throughout. We will not be returning to this location.笑
I love all of the locations but everyone is super nice in this one! Server kept on checking on us to see if we needed something. And sushi was outstanding ! Definitely recommend this place. And will be coming here more often.笑
I absolutely love this place! I'm not a fan of sea food but my husband is so we come here often. He always gets the unlimited sushi and I get the sizzling steak plates! Great atmosphere and great service!笑
What to say about Oyshi? It is hands down my favorite sushi/all you can eat spot in town. The Sahara and Buffalo location is by far the best! We come here often and are loyal! Great choices from appetizers to rolls to desert!笑
Thank you oyshi for ruining my Valentine's Day. 
We arrived and we're told 30 mins. 
Waited well over an hour. 
15 mins after we were seated we were finally greeted. We ordered our food and waited. Over 30 mins. 
This is now almost 2 hours after we walked in the door. Our food was brought to the wrong table. No waiter to check on us. No were sorry we will fix it. 
The manager must have had his ears plugged. Because he didn't even attempt to fix our problem. Just basically said there's the door.
I've been here 10-15 times. Will NEVER go back. This is the second bad experience in a row. Thanks for nothing.笑
The food at Oyishi was amazing.  The fish was really fresh and you can tell that the sushi chefs knew what they were doing.   Everything was presented beautifully and also the taste was on point.  The food came out so quickly! 

Our server was exceptionally good at her job.  We had a party of 17 and most of us all ordered all you can eat sushi but she never forgot any of our orders. 

10/10, I'd go again.  

Oh, and the green tea creme brûlée is AMAZING!笑
Found hair in soup and waiter lied said its something else. Service is bad and unresponsive. Food was not good. Believe me I'm a cook. Im also a well travelled asian. 2 star for decent atmosphere. Good job interior designer.笑
Food is delicious! AYCE for $22 at lunch with a few things you can't order, $26 at dinner time.

First time was great! Amazing service and we had a party of 8. Seated right away, food came out promptly and also tasted delicious! We definitely love their mussels and that's one of the main reasons I come here.

Second time around...service was ok. The waitress kept forgetting things I asked for so we had to ask her again or ask someone else.  She also said we were limited on mussels. 1 order (4 pieces) per person. It didn't say that on the menu nor did we have an issue about it the first time we came.  Things took forever to come out this time, and when she dropped my napkin she apologized and said she would get me another one...she didn't so I had to ask her 15 minutes later when she finally came to check on us.  She was rarely around so we would order more food when our food came out.  

4 stars because she wasn't a B**** or anything, she was probably just busy? Foods still great! Would still like clarification on the mussels since I love them so much lol.笑
My friends and I went here to celebrate their 20th birthdays. It's hard to find a sushi place with a lot of room. Our party consisted of 30 people. Our server Ondree was AWESOME! Mind you gave a lot of suggestions to my friends who haven't been there before. He had a great personality and a ton of patience. He ended up printing us all separate checks without us even asking. Can't wait to go back again! Enjoyed dinner a ton, great company and great service!!! :) Thanks again Ondree!笑
I have been to the old Oyshi a billion times, and have been going for years, so I am definitely a loyal and loving customer. Oyshi at Rainbow gets crazy packed busy, and for good reason.

I am not a raw fish fan and like someone else said they have an excellent menu especially for those of us who like cooked fish.

I came to this location for the first time on a Monday at dinner time. There was only a few people here, but for some reason they sat us right next to everyone else?

Our waitress was very sweet and nice.
Our food came out very slowly and took a very long time in between even though there was two cooks and not too many people.
I saw a shrimp tempura lying on the floor, who knows how long, kinda gross.

It's pretty and new, but I'm not sure笑
We love Oyshi! Originally familiar with the Southwest location, we decided to finally try the new location and as always we weren't disappointed. 

We only go to AYCE - for dinner here it's $27 which honestly if you "shop around" you'll find is pretty much the same everywhere - if it's cheaper it's probably not a quality place lol 

Service and food were great. Just a tip, Red Rock roll, Lobster fair and their Ribeye sizzling plates are to die for. If you're a crem brûlée fan - they have chocolate edition :) the new location is slightly larger than southwest and the decor looks great! We'll be back for our next date night.笑
There was no host to greet us to lead us to a table. My family waited for 5 minutes before we got a "hello". There was barely any people eating and all the staff was looking at us. That level of professionalism was an insult to our face. I'm giving 2 stars because at least the place inside looked nice enough to stare at for five minutes before we left.笑
Food was great and everyone was nice. They took back a roll that we did not order without a problem. Definitely going to come back with more people.笑
I think the best way to enjoy sushi is to eat it proportionally and slowly. Oyshi has an awesome AYCE service, but what's even better is the portion size. They give you just the right amount to satisfy your taste bud and to keep ordering more. The server, Odi, did a great job at taking our orders down and the food delivery time was better than expected. Price was fair and affordable. I sure would like to see Sashimi available for lunch. ;)笑
Strictly on service. 
ate here yesterday and felt like we were very limited on the ayce,  our server kept on implying that our order was enough or "it sounds good for right now" 
other than that 
the guy that was cleaning up the tables and getting the dirty plates took a stack of dirty plates from another table and put it on top of OUR dirty plate on OUR table while we were eating OUR food, very convenient for the server but pretty gross for us and showed no consideration for us while we were still eating. 

pretty disappointed with this oyshi location, i love their rainbow location and will probably just make the 30 minute drive out there.笑
I actually like this place a lot. 

Pros: they have a really large selection of specialty rolls and their menu in general is diverse. The restaurant is new and large and can accommodate large parties easily. They have all you can eat at a reasonable price.  

Cons: some of the quality of the fish is questionable sometimes. Ive been here a few times and sometimes I can taste that the fish is not the freshest or the best quality. 

Overall, this place is not bad. Ive been here about 5 times since this location opened and before that I would go to the one on Rainbow but the wait was just so long at that one so Im glad this one opened.笑
Not a bad place,  food is great. And staff is helpful and professional.  I will be returning to this place in the near future.  All you can eat, is the bomb,  and for not a bad price.  My first time here but it won't be my last.笑
Good food. Service absolutely horrible. Didn't bring refills when asked repeatedly. Forgot food.  I will no longer come to this location EVER again. The one on rainbow is amazing.笑
Service not friendly. Instead of greeting us when we came in, they told us they were closing in an hour. Fish was not fresh. Spicy tuna roll had an off fishy taste. Asked for no sauce on roll, but roll came with sauce. Overall was disappointed, would not recommend and will not go back. We only went there because our favorite sushi spot,soho, was not open.笑
This place sucks now! Apparently there is a new owner which is very noticeable since the service is so bad now. I have been coming here for a few years but today was my last time since this is my second bad experience in a row. The last time I came it took over 2 hours for the first round of orders to come out for a table of 4 of us. This time the manager/owner lied to us about not having certain items and it took forever for everything to come out for our table of 8. The only good experience was our waiter-Jay笑
We love this place! I do not eat raw sushi but they have a selection to satisfy everyone on their menu.笑
Oyshi is the hands down BEST sushi in Vegas! Both Rainbow and Sahara locations are fab. All-You-Can-Eat includes all sushi, rolls, appetizers and even a dessert :) Super cool atmosphere always with good/electronic music, sweet waitresses, bad ass sushi chefs and the sushi is oh so delicious. Tell the sushi chef what you like and have him whip you up something special :)笑
Awesome service and great food. Our waitress Jaime was so nice and she made some great suggestions! Def coming back笑
One of the best sushi places around. The food was delicious, and there's a wide selection of basically everything. We got Andree as our server and our group was in agreement that he actually provided one of the best service we've ever had笑
After being seated it took 20 min to be greeted by our waitress to take drink orders. Delivery of sushi rolls took way longer than appropriate and were incorrect twice. For two girls to eat 5 rolls of sushi for all you can eat took two hours. The all you can eat price is way too high for the service and quality of food.笑
We have been waiting 45 for our rolls. They said the kitchen is backed up but its empty.  When I finally received one out of ten rolls it was cold when it was a baked roll 

When our order finally started coming out they forgot half the rolls 

This is ridiculous but we are being patient because we are sooooo hungry.  

An hour later still waiting 


We asked for our bill and they charged for all you can eat when we each got one roll due to the lack of service 

Not sure what is going on but I hope they figure it out.  The table next to us were complaining about the same thing we were. They are so upset.笑
I enjoy this place more than the first oyshi. In my opinion, this is the best sushi place on this side of town. They have a lot of appetizers to choose from AND their nigiri is fantastic. I'm not a roll person, but they do sound pretty delicious. Service here is sometimes a hit or miss, personally I prefer when girls serve me because they're more attentive and provide better customer service than when I have a male server. I've been here many times that sometimes I'm greeted with "welcome back!" I normally recommend this place to friends or old co workers, and that says A LOT since I used to be a server at another sushi restaurant and I preferred this place over my old work. Keep in mind that I would get half off on everything at my old work but I would rather pay full price for better quality sushi over at Oyshi. 
Tip: check out their daily specials by the sushi bar!~笑
Not bad but there's many better options. 

The good: All the rolls we ordered were good and average price. The menu has a variety. The manager is present and checks on tables. The place is clean. Fish didn't taste like imitation but the rice wasn't great. The server and manager were friendly. They do let you customize a little (they took off the wasabi mango sauce for us). 

The bad: Service was very slow. It was a Saturday afternoon and it wasnt packed...maybe short staffed?? The waitress may have been new (not sure). The manager did come over but it was hard to get his attention and our servers attention when we wanted to order. We had all you can eat ($27) and got about 5 rolls between the two of us plus two appetizers. The pink plastic flower stickers cheapen the decor. Seats were really uncomfortable!!笑
This is my favorite sushi spot!service was very good. Food was very tasteful love the whole atmosphere not over crowded drink were on point . I'll be back with friends and family笑
I wish the sashimi was AYCE but it's okay. At least the sushi is. 
I'd say, go straight for the raw fish sushi xD so good. 
Except on busy days. Then they just serve u fat lmao笑
I usually go to the one on rainbow but this one is closer so why not. And it was the same great food, the same wonderful staff. When people who have never tried sushi ask me where to go I always say here, because they never disappoint. This new one has such beautiful decoration and it has such a good vibe.笑
Had AYCE and everything was amazing! Servers and chefs were very friendly and informative. Will def be back again with friends!笑
minus one....the worst service i ever had!!!never going back.i love oyshi on the south rainbow ,this location sucks...i've waited for the food for over an hour...笑
The service was very good, and fast. But I did have a problem with the menu being dirty the pages where sticky and  had some dried peaces of food and so was the table.笑
So far I've been here twice. Definitely a place I would recommend. Amazing customer service. They have tons of selection for there all you can eat. What I also like is that there quick on serving you what you order which is a plus!笑
I can't go to another sushi restaurant  in Las Vegas.  Oyshi is the best one there and the $26 all you can tops it off.  This is not a buffet restaurant,  you order when you want more which makes the food fresh and hot.  My favs are the lobster lover, pork belly, salmon hand roll.  
Oyshi is definitely a must try if you're ever in the area.笑
Best sushi place in town, I have tried many other places and nothing compares to Oyshi!!!!笑
Tonight was the first time we have ever walked out of a restaurant! We walked in and there was debris on the floor. We weren't greeted or seated right away. When we were finally seated, we were given dirty menus with dripping sauce on one and both were sticky and gross to touch/look at. Menu didn't have any salmon or hamachi collar or any riceless rolls. We settled on popcorn scallops, the Iris special, a "lovers" roll, and all the nigiri on the specials board. None of which looked super appealing and not what we would normally order. There weren't very many choices. I was super skeptical bc none of the people making the food were Asian. I'm a little biased since I think Japanese should make Japanese food, Mexicans should make Mexican food, etc. All the fish was old. The rice was not fresh. The sauces were unimpressive. My hubby drew the line at the seared garlic albacore. It looked more like jerky and smelled terrible. He took one little bite and spit it out. He told the server that we were sorry but we were very unsatisfied with the quality of the food. The one good thing is that she didn't put up a fight. We left. Date night ruined. Do not go here unless you are into cooked rolls only. Even then you're better off with supermarket sushi.笑
Arrived last meeting my friends at this sushi place. So the waiter didn't realize that I got there and sat for awhile talking to my friends. Once the waiter got there, he was pleasant and attended to the table. Fresh selection of fish and very creative rolls. I would dine there again.笑
Wow excellent food and service.  First time there but won't be my last.  Highly recommend.笑
Came in solo as a traveler on a Wednesday early evening. Pretty limited clientele at the time, buy you can tell the ambience stays pretty relaxed and fun. Staff was nice, but not necessarily consistent  (few grumpy folks when I stayed at the sushi bar, but maybe more so cause I eventuality just put my headphones on). 

Sushi and sashimi were both quality (sorry not a roll guy much). However, they weren't very traditional in preparation, as some sushi didn't come with the traditional automatic wasabi between rice and cut, or the brush. Not a big deal. 

They offer an endless option for $32 or $37 For lunch or dinner respectfully.  I'm sure it would be worth it with the higher end, expensive rolls. 

Overall, I'd definitely come again, and/or bring friends. Solid local option.笑
We come here often for all our friends birthdays and other special occasions. All you can eat, what's not to love. Service is outstanding. I have nothing to complain about.笑
This place is owned by the same oyshi on rainbow and robin dale in the southwest, so naturally I thought it would be pretty good. Unfortunately like my carnal lust for orgasmic sushi I was left disappointed and a bit unsatisfied. Having said that it wasn't all that bad. The fantasy roll, heart attack roll and a classic remix a crazy Cali roll were great. The one roll that was a huge disappointment was the Ian special. As for sides the ginger didn't taste fresh at all or the wasabi. The service was very spotty, the server forgot to refill my water quite a few times and the Resturant wasn't even that busy. The ambience is decent and nice. Not to ostentatious or to subtle but a nice complement to setting the mood right for a memorable night out. 

All in all the place is average at best in terms of price and service. The plus point and a huge reason to return is the roll have a new fresh take on them and many of sound good to try, there is too many to try by yourself. Bring 7 people with you on your quest for something new and exciting. Some rolls will be forgettable kind of like their service but others will leave you lost in a sea mind numbing, thought altering perception. Definite place to try if you are up for something new.笑
I was happy this location opened, it's so much closer than driving all the way to rainbow and 215. Sushi chef Daniel is amazing with his creations. The friendliness of all the staff is quite remarkable. The fish is always fresh and they're quick to make recommendations. The spacious room is huge and gets filled quickly on a weekend night but it's worth the wait.笑
My boyfriend and I love this place! 
Wonderful selection of rolls, appetizers, and their AYCE sushi is well worth it! I am allergic to most fish but can eat tuna, unagi, and all shellfish. They were accommodating to my allergies and they still had a great variety of rolls and appetizers that I could eat. I love the Ginza roll and my boyfriend is a fan of the Love Affair (baked lobster roll). The creme brulee was delicious! We have eaten here about 4 times and have enjoyed it every time.笑
I've the all you can eat sushi at oyshi.  This location is just as yummy as the location on Rainbow.  I recommend that you sit at the sushi bar for the best experience.  This is a great way to get good recommendations from the sushi chefs.笑
This isn't my first time eating at Oyshi, but my first time checking into Yelp. We don't come in everyday, but my family and I do come in often enough to know a couple of familiar server faces. Kevin is definitely an amazing server! No matter how busy he gets, he's always attentive and always has a great attitude! If you come to Oyshi on SAHARA, request for Kevin. HES THE MAN!! I'm more than 100000% sure you'll love him as much as my family and I do. 

To top it all off, if you may know..the sushi buffet is the best! Super tasty and comes out quick! All seating is comfortable. Counter and tables! Love this place to death.笑
When we're on West Sahara side, this place hands down gives you a reason NOT to think so hard about where you wanna have a chill but amazing dinner.

The sushi is fresh every single time and the appetizers are in good portions if you're doing AYCE. The sushi chefs are all great, but if you ever want that extra special, catch Nacho& carlos. Nacho especially.

All the waiters and waitresses are accomodating as well, BUT if you ever get the chance ask for RYAN. Funny.as.hell. great host and an asset to oyshi. 

Oyishi on rainbow is good,l but if you want an overall great time-- sahara location is where it's at.笑
My orchestra member and I came here last minute looking for a new sushi restaurant and found Oyshi. The place was slow due to the day of the week I suppose but the staff was wonderful. I recently started eating sushi so struggled what to order and Nacho, Pertro, Andy, and Roberto were more than accommodating to helping me with my decisions. My waitress Kim was quite assertive and checked in often to make sure we were pleased. Here perky personality made me smile. 
Tanya was not our waitress but still checked in on us. It isn't often you find a place that the staff is friendly and keeps you laughing your entire stay. Found my new sushi addiction!! Must also add the staff is very easy on the eyes...... Did not know how to use Yelp so I used my friends account, Becky笑
Sorry oyshi sushi on rainbow but it's just me and the Sahara location now. They must be doing really well to open a second location. 

This location is huge compared to the other. They have both very distinct styles and decorations that coincide perfectly. In the rainbow oyshi I sometimes feel cloister phobic when I walk in and have to sit in a jamm packed restaurant. But this location is ginormous. Twice as many customers can fit inside and they have quite a few private rooms and areas. Love that there are four tvs. Two at the bar and two at the sushi bar area. The waitress told us they're trying to put up a projection tv on the wall so all customers inside can see a game, show, or whatever. When they're able to do that it'll be even more awesome. 

The children's menu is pretty good and if your child wants to do the ayce sushi they can too for a discounted price. 

Don't get confused about the menu. It's very different looking and organized differently from the other location. The only thing not included in it is the sashimi, which is the 5th page. 

I found that this location has more of a variety of rolls and desserts too. Such as the rainbow one has creme brûlée, but this one has chocolate and green tea creme brûlée. Which I should add that green tea one looks like infant poop, in color and consistency. BUT is absolutely delicious! If baby poop was that delicious I would eat it everyday. Even my husband was a little afraid to eat it, and was pleasantly surprised at how great tasting it was. He thought it tasted like the green tea ice cream just in custard form. 

The usual sushi I get. Tiger, spicy tuna crunch, lobster and screaming were just as top notch as they usually are. It came out super fast and fresh. I thought it may have tasted a little fresher.. Which our waitress says she heard a lot but doesn't know how since both locations get their delivers each morning fresh. Must Be in our minds? I also got my usual calamari, grilled asparagus and egg rolls.

Like always I left plump and happy. This will definitely be our new location since it's larger and closer to our house. Go oyshi!笑
Yelp 100 Challenge 15' * 12/100

They say you can only joke about a bad experience after a certain length of time. It's been a month since I paid over $100 for an all-you-can-eat for 2 and looking back, it taught me a few things.

My friend and I are currently on the hunt for great sushi places in town and this being the closest to our homes, we made it our first stop. I have fond memories of the previous sushi place that took up this space and for some reason, I was expecting the same quality food and service. 

After having waited about 10-15 minutes for a seat in a half empty restaurant, we approached the hostesses in haste when we saw more recent customers led to a table before us. We had a young female server that busy Friday night. Famished from work, we were ready to go on a devouring spree which started with a plate of edamame. The fun began with their specialty rolls such as the red rock, red dragon, and surf 'n' turf - my favorite. The surf 'n' turf consisted of a thin slice of rib eye steak placed above the roll and a shrimp tempura tucked inside. Great combination topped with eel sauce, if I remember well.

Things went downhill from there. We should've just eaten all the sushi we wanted before getting dessert. Back then, I didn't know if 1 dessert per person was the rule of thumb for all sushi buffets but it certainly shocked us when our server gave us our check after crème brûlée. We gave over half in cash and said to charge the rest on my card but the whole amount was charged on my card and the cash was also taken in. I gave them the benefit of the doubt and thought it might have been a flimsy mistake. After getting in touch with the manager, our cash was refunded, but only after much hassle to the restaurant and ourselves. 

The food quality was good but some improvement could be made to service. Might come back again.笑
Overall score of one star. This review may be long but I wanted to be sure that these one-offs were not left unnoticed. 

My family and I came here for dinner on Christmas Day. We called ahead and were told there was no wait. On arrival the wait was 20 minutes. Forgivingly, we decided to sit at the bar to kill time. 

Low and behold: they did not have a bartender. Not only was this made noted to us, but we were told by a server  that drinks would have to be ordered when we sat down; completely fine, they seemed busy.

So we were seated in one of their private rooms. We sat  down and the menus were not spread amongst the table and placed for us to distribute amongst ourselves. In retrospect, it was a small complaint compared to the 30 total minutes we waited for our beers. Which, on delivery, the server mentioned he would be back for our order  after he brought the 22oz Sapporo bottle he forgot.

So upon his delayed return and 10 additional minutes for this bottle of beer, he attempted to again avoid taking our order. I quickly asked if we could order starters, in which he responded quickly: IF we were ready he could actually take our whole order.

 We started to fire off items for our party. At this point we were just happy to be ordering. Things appeared slowly but we had to ask for the ginger and wasabi for the table after about three nigiri plates were served. It's traditional that AYCE sushi establishments either bring this with the first plate or serve it immediately after the first order is placed; this was not the case. 

It was a slope from here. We had to ask a runner every time we had something missing from the table. The server wouldn't observe or offer the entire party if they needed anything else, for example: refills on beers. (Which, in my experience as a server, is key to making a great tips!) and to top it all off we were service charged as a party of 7, although their menu explicitly states 8. Luckily, it was 18% and by the end of our meal, we opted to save ourselves more time by letting it go.

They probably knew we would not be back, as on our way out the server's attempt to allay any concern was that "(he) would redeem himself the next time."

That phrase in itself made me write this review. Not only did you subliminally acknowledge the subpar service you provided but you were unwilling to listen and communicate with your diners, whilst imposing a service charge that was unwarranted. This is not only a poor reflection of service standards but the unimportance the staff perceives with poor guest experiences.

I don't recommend visiting this establishment to anyone looking for anticipatory service.笑
This place has great fresh food, service is spotty... But if you are okay with that its a decent place to go for dinner笑
Order the AYCE!!! Ahi Poke, Fresh Oysters, Baked Mussels, Sizzling Plates (rib eye steak), shrimp tempura,Lobster fair, salmon lover, yellowtail trio, tiger, monster, atomic/nuclear bomb, red dragon, treasure, nyi, mochi ice cream, green tea crème brulee!!! BOMB!!!笑
It all depends on the wait staff, twice before a male with glasses polite & accurate today girl terrible couldn't get me a salad with dressing on the side. 3 tries too hard for het! Order incorrect too wait for check could only make it to my table when my phone was ringing. Didn't understand how to wait for me all about her笑
I've been going to Oyshi Sushi's Rainbow location for many years (it was my favorite sushi staple), and was delighted when it's sister Sahara location opened since it was much closer to where I live.  

Oyshi consistently delivers fresh tasty quality sushi to its customers.  The deep variety of choices on their menu provides both cooked and raw choices for a varied crowd of people to be able to come together and share a Japanese style menu even though some guests don't indulge in eating raw seafood.

Their traditional sushi is so skillfully prepared that their yellow tail at times seems to just melt in your mouth.  They have so many varieties of rolls that a first time visitor could spend quite a while choosing from their assortment.

After years of coming here I can recommend some of my favorites.

The Rainbow Roll is a traditional California roll topped with a variety of seafood (tuna, salmon, yellow tail) in a mouth watering colorful display.

For a spicy roll, I enjoy the Red Rock.  It's a roll filled with spicy chopped salmon, served with a spicy mayo type topping. It's not the I have to drink water type of heat, but it has just enough heat not to blow out you taste buds.

If you're a soft shell crab lover, I highly recommend the Spider Roll.  The Spider roll contains fried soft shell crab parts layered in a crab mixture, placed in a roll.  It's slightly warm, extremely tasty, and the crunch from the soft shelled crab provides a delicious mild crunch to a roll that you just cant get enough of.

The all you can eat selection also includes tempura selections as well as rib eye steak served sliced in smaller pieces, with onions on a sizzl'n hot metal based plate. If you are still able to handle dessert, they offer a sunday or moche with the all you can eat option.

Beer, Cocktails, assorted beverages and hot tea (at additional prices) are available.

Their all you can eat lunch price is slightly lower than their dinner price, so you can expect to pay approximately 25 per person for lunch and 30 per person for dinner. Of course you could purchase off the menu for lighter appetites.笑
This is my go to spot for AYCE sushi. I love their green tea tiramisu cake. The AYCE price isn't bad as well. The restaurant is clean and bigger than their rainbow location. Customer service is okay, i guess it depends on how slow or busy they get. Sometimes you have to wait 5-10 minutes in the waiting area before someone even acknowledges you and hence the 3 stars. They woulda gotten 4 but I don't know if the guy was just having a bad day or what.笑
The 5 star is for our server. She was really really nice and patient when we didn't know what to order. She did recommend some rolls and they were good. Would definitely come back but maybe with a bigger group so we can taste more rolls. The food was good I did have my very first raw sushi roll which I'm proud of all thanks to our server :)笑
This place is Awesome!! From the atmosphere and decor to the service down to the variety of rolls, their Ayce is awesome!! I mean everything was awesome! This was my was my second time coming here and my experience was even better than the first! If u have been to a few AYCE sushi places around town you are either in a tight spot nearly in the couples  next to u convo, nearly touching elbows  or they are rushing u to hurry and turn the tables.. Not here!! I didn't feel rushed, my server gave great suggestion on things to try!! I left very satisfied and FULL! My new #1 sushi place!!!!笑
Best sushi in town for the AYCE price. Burger and Fries Roll, topped with steak and fried onions was particularly delicious, also not on the menu. Even if you're looking for a veggie roll, they've got you covered here. The surf and turf is small but served with a very good sesame sweet sauce, while the shrimp and steak are grilled to perfection. The tempura is very crunchy and it comes out very hot.笑
Love, love, love this place! I was first brought to Oyshi by a friend and since then, I've been back  6 times with the same friend, other friends, and my boyfriend. It is now his favorite sushi bar in Las Vegas! Service is good, fish is always fresh, desserts are tasty, and the facility is gorgeous! They also consistently play my favorite songs.笑
Good food. Good atmosphere but not enough staff. The waitress is always running around and never around when needed. I come here for the AYCE and it's worth the price just wish they didn't have 1-2 servers for the what seems like the whole restaurant! Most of your wait is due to your server never available to put in your refills. Plan on being here a few hours waiting for service and then food!笑
This is mainly an all you can eat sushi restaurant. The restaurant had a very pleasant and modern appearance. This location is great for large parties as there is a ton of space for it. Just keep in mind that parties larger than 8 ppl would include a service fee. 

All you can eat includes an appetizer, sushi, specialty rolls and dessert for $27 (dinner price). It does not include sashimi which is standard at most AYCE restaurants. We sat at the bar which was really the best place to be. We had the opportunity to talk to Chef Daniel who made some of his recommendations and made us some sushi rolls that were off the menu.  Honestly, his creations should be part of the menu as they were unique and excellent. 

The appetizer menu was very extensive with plenty of options! Every single dish we tried was fresh and very tasty. The only roll I did not like was the spider roll. It appeared the eel was fried hours before and was not very fresh. Overall, I was very happy with the atmosphere, service and the quality of the food!笑
This place is the tits . Absolutely 5 star mo fucking delightfulness. The server was absolutely stellar. A trip down the the peculiar into a word of gallant memories. A meal inside a giants eyeball !笑
Surf and Turf roll, Surf and Turf sizzling plate, gyoza, and 3 order of garlic tuna with Pico. I could eat here all day. And every other Friday I did. BEST.AYCE SUSHI. EVER. The customer service is always on their A game, the food is always quick to come out, and they are pretty chill when it comes to leaving a little bit left. Not a full/half a roll. Can't wait to go back.笑
I live nearby and have read over the rave reviews, but only recently managed to make it in for Oyshi's AYCE lunch. The selection is large, with several sides and apps, as well as grilled dishes, to supplement the nigiri and (massive list of) sushi rolls.

Definitely ask about the daily specials to ensure you are trying their freshest fish available: the scallop, smoked salmon, conch, and mackerel on my visit were all incredible. Nigiri portions are generous with thick-cut large pieces. 

Favorite rolls are the CHUNG HUA (salmon tempura and garlic yum yum spicy tuna inside topped with white fish and avocado, spicy ponzu and sesame oil sauces): it's spicy and has a great mix of flavors without being too heavy, really liked the sauces. This roll is nicely balanced out by the YELLOWTAIL TRIO (yellowtail chunks, cucumber, gobo, kaiwari topped with yellowtail sashimi dressed in ginger sauce), which is a lighter roll with the fish and fresh cucumber as the stars. 

Standout apps include the sashimi salad, the vegetable tempura, and the miso soup (generous portion, lots of seaweed, and a savory-not-salty broth). The must-get orders for us include the Chung Hua roll above, a selection of nigiri, and incredible MACKEREL SPECIAL HANDROLLS, with gobo, kiwari, and cucumber.

Extra star for great service: Jesus is my favorite server f(rom another restaurant) and his attention to detail is unsurpassed. If you've never had a server recognize you across town and greet you by name, you might not understand. Jesus is the best, request him specifically if you are going for a special occasion or as a large group.笑
If you don't like Oyshi sushi, then you're probably a Communist who hates freedom and puppies. It's just that simple.

There aren't many good ayce establishments in Las Vegas,  however Oyshi on Sahara stands out as a rarity. The fish is unusually fresh for ayce, the fusion rolls extremely creative, and the sushi chefs - starring Chefs Daniel, Pedro, and Curtis - are awesome guys that know what they're doing (they also have a sense of humor). Additonally, the servers have all been very friendly and everyone makes you feel really welcome.

This is the only ayce sushi restaurant I go to in Las Vegas. Give 'em a try. If you don't - or if you don't like it - then I hope you can rest at night, comfortable in the knowledge that you are everything that is wrong with America.笑
I come here a lot with bae. I love it. Monster roll is really good.  They also give free beer if you review on yelp!笑
Love love love the spicy tuna crunch. I'm not a fan of sushi but my god this is so good. And can't beat AYCE lunch for $22.笑
I've been to the other Oyshi location, on Rainbow, a handful of times when a friend is in town...its her favorite sushi spot.

Saturday night was the first time I'd been to this location, and I'd definitely return again.

For starters, we were there with a rather large group, about 13 people for a birthday party.  We were seated in the far corner of the restaurant, in a private nook.  It was a really nice section.  I like the look of this location better than the other one...to me, its brighter, and seems a little less run down.

The server we had, I want to say he said that his name was Kenny?  I think it said "Golden" on his nametag..., anyway, he was spectacular.   Funny, friendly, triple checked on our orders.  He was really on it.  

We were given a couple of "specialties" after we let Kenny know we were all having AYCE.  They brought out a ceviche, which I sadly, could not eat. (Avocado Allergy) Everyone else said it was delicious though.  They also brought out a Super White sashimi with a fried jalepeno on it, with an orgasm sauce (not sure if that's what they call it here, but that's what it was.).  This was really tasty. Super white is my favorite anyway, and the jalepeno was sweet with a nice kick.  

As always, my husband and I ordered nigiri.  
Most of what we ordered was pretty standard, but there were a couple standouts for me:

1.  The squid.  I've never eaten raw squid before; only grilled or fried.  I was anticipating a firm texture, like tako (octopus), but it was tender and delicious.  This was served with a piece of mint under the fish.  The flavor combination was out of this world.  A definite must have.

2. The Super White.  Tender.  Buttery.  Delicate...
Pro tip:  Order the fresh wasabi and put some on this. (put some on everything you eat, but this one especially.)  HOLY flavor punch, Batman!

3. The halibut.  Incredible.  I've had halibut a few times, but this one was exceptional.

We really had a good experience here.  The reasons I'm only giving three stars are:

1.  They missed a few pieces of our orders.  Not a huge deal...but I REALLY wanted those oysters, and we didn't really have the opportunity to ask for them, since we ordered those towards the end of the meal, and our server was trying to get a bunch of separate checks organized. 
2.  They charge for fresh wasabi.  One of my favorite spots does not charge extra for it, so this was a bummer.  We still got it, because a friend ordered it for us.  Its kind of a bummer to have your dinner budgeted and realize something you really love costs extra, when it doesn't at other places. Now that I know, if we return, we'll be better prepared. 
3.  Their hot sake is bloody expensive.  $8 for a large hot house sake?  I'm used to paying $3-5 for a large bottle.  
4.  At the end of the night, 3 drinks were brought out and only given to the front half of the table.  First of all...if you're only bringing 3 for us to share (since we didn't ask for them and were not charged for them)...you should probably do one for each section of the table so everyone can share a little bit of one.  Also, the drink was not made well.  It was a Moscow Mule, which is one of my favorites, and it was just not good.  WAY too much mint, not enough lime.  
5.  My creme brulee was given to someone at the head of the table instead of me, so I got a half eaten creme brulee at the end of my meal.  (yes, part of that was the fault of the people I dined with, for not asking who ordered it...but if you wrote it down correctly, you should have just brought it to me.)  

So...a good experience.  Service was MUCH better than the other location.  Other than the creme brulee thing, and missing my oysters, our server was really good.  People make mistakes, I'm not mad about it...but it does need to be stated.  

The food was standard, but again...better than the other location.  

I'd definitely come back.  It won't be my first choice, but I won't avoid it either.笑
We have been to this sushi place twice. Both times we have had a great meal, and it has been a lot of fun!!

The first time was for lunch, we did not partake in the All-You-Can-Eat option, rather just ordered a few rolls and apps. The waiter was so friendly and enthusiastic we decided to bring a few people who were visiting back for Dinner.

Now for dinner, hell yes we all did the All-You-Can-Eat! It was $27 bucks each, awesome. We were committed to taking them down! One roll at a time! OK, so we did not end of doing that, but we has a super fun night with lots of great food!

Our waiter Kenny was a rock star! We were goofing and laughing with him all night! And we had a lot to laugh at, because apparently the new food runners had not quite figured out the table numbers and kept delivering our food to other tables, and vice-a-versa. I know this sounds annoying, but oddly enough it became part of the entertainment of the night. Kenny kept checking in to see what we were still waiting for, and making sure it came. We were never missing sushi on the table or going hungry, he just had to order a couple specific rolls 2-3 times before they finally made there way to us. We had a blast!

Insider tips....
-They do take reservations, but the only way to make them is to actually speak to a hostess. The girl at the front desk admitted to me they never check the answering machine. 

-They have an awesome large room if you want to have an AYCE shushi party! It is separated from the Dining Room and looks super cozy!

-Last tip, AYCE is less during lunch. Only $22, as opposed to dinner time when it is $27笑
Not only was the food fantastic but the waiter was amazing!!! And the owner actually bussed our table and spoke to us about our experience! Hands down the best!!!笑
Love coming to this place especially when the server Kenny is there ! Best service ever when he's there .笑
1st timer.. Food is off the chain..  From Ahi Poke, Attomic Bomb, love affair.. I wasnt a sushi gal.  Coming back for sure for the food and service笑
Love sushi and what a great AYCE.... Best thing on the menu is the green tea tiramisu.... My only complaint is that you can only pick one dessert!!! Please read this and change that policy.... Desert is cheaper to make then sushi..... Great presentation and flavor.... Good service.... Great atmosphere.... I do miss the sushi place that was there before,,, they had a roll I have never seen.... It was on flames literally!!!笑
Delicious! They have a good variety of rolls and I've never struggled to finish one. I'm lucky I live so close!笑
Dear "Golden Boy",

Maybe you had an off day but I was really disappointed with my AYCE dinner with you today. Upon sitting down there was rice on our chairs. 2 out of the 3 menus have some sauce and brown wet spots all over we wiped off ourselves. Water came out slow. The baked rolls came out lukewarm. The baked mussels were lukewarm. Nothing was hot. Even fried Agedashi tofu was warm. The only hot foods was the kids menu item we ordered (popcorn chicken and miso soup). The busser with the goatee was exceptional. He brought out everything I asked for right away (soysauce, the rice and soup that came with the kids meal). Our plates were not cleared and no one cared to move it when bringing it more food and our table is full of empty dishes already. I had to ask them to clear it. It wasn't a busy night. There were plenty of empty tables and maybe you were understaffed. Regardless, being over polite doesn't make up for subpar service. The tables being serviced by other servers who sat down after us got their food before us. How is that possible when theirs was fried and baked items that take time? You brought me the check even though I was still missing an order. I hope you enjoyed my eels. I came to this location because I've had multiple good experiences at the rainbow location. I should have kept driving and went to Sushi Mon like I originally intended to. Had a really disappointing time tonight. Hope you guys live up to your name so as to not mislead any more people coming for the Oyshi brand of standards.

Another food review: The caterpillar roll which has nothing to do with you had really over cooked, dry and tough eel.笑
Let's just all come clean, we all cave to the All-You-Can-Eat Sushi temptress.  And Oyshi has one of the best in town.  The food is phenomenal with awesome custom rolls. The lobster roll is ridiculous!  This is our go-to sushi spot now.

The only reason I give it 4 stars instead of 5 is that it's kind of cold there.  Now that I think of it, every sushi place in town is.  Why is this?  It's not like Japan is in the Arctic or something!? I would give anything to have a sushi joint in a comfortable environment.  However, in the case of Oyshi, the food is good enough to wrap up and brave the winter storm.笑
We went with a group of 10 including 2 small kids for an early dinner at 530 on a Thursday. It was already packed. The service was very friendly but we waited over 25 minutes for our first round of AYCE. The food quality was ok but nothing to get too excited about. Prices were average. My biggest gripes were the layout- crowded floor and you have to walk through a wait station in front of the kitchen and not run into any servers to get to the restrooms...and the music. It was nightclub music- ok whatever- but it was as loud as a nightclub. The group consensus is that we probably won't go back. It wasn't a comfortable atmosphere and not worth that for the sushi.笑
A few other people have already complained about the service  Not sure our server's name, maybe it was also Kevin, maybe not.  Considering every place we went in Vegas was wonderful and the service incredibly good, it was quite a contrast that the service at Oyshi was so poor.  I didn't like the server because his language and behavior was like high school kid.  I understand a $50 meal for two isn't luxury, but it isn't cheap.  Also we tried to wave at him 3-4 times and he wouldn't acknowledge we were there.  It takes the fun out of going to a buffet.  I wonder if management does this on purpose so people don't eat too much.  We eventually changed servers, but I felt like they didn't care that much.  In my whole life, I've never felt angry at a restaurant.  Honestly, I get more polite and better service at McDonald's.  At times the server was just talking to his friends, the cook about girls.  We felt uncomfortable at this place and just left after a few dishes.  It was a waste of money and no one likes to do that.  Food is fine for this kind of thing so no complaints there.  But it's important for customer to feel comfortable at a restaurant.  Do not go here.  Literally every other worker and server and person in Vegas we met was awesome, had a wonderful time.  But this restaurant was a bad experience.笑
Was here two weeks ago.  Food was so good we came back again.  Especially liked a special role made by Daniel.   We will be back!笑
Very nice establishment kind of feels like you walking into a club to eat sushi about 30 bucks for the first 6 or so pages of the encyclopedia esque menu. They shout a loud Japanese greeting when you enter so be prepared to feel like Buddha himself with that welcoming there monster roll as well as the scallop crunch was delightful. Over all with a decent knowledge of where there fish come from and a menu that explodes off the menu  I might have found a new sushi stop here in Vegas.笑
Excellent food and atmosphere!  Hidden treasure on a street with other sushi restaurants that deserve less attention! Some of the wait staff need a little more training. ( we had the Asian version of Debbie Downer) but overall outstanding!! He the Udon!!笑
Oyshi!!! Arigato gozaimasu!!!!!!!!!

Best AYCE!

Super fresh!

Best service from our server, Iris!!! (Belated Happy Birthday!!!)

From beginning to end our experience exceeded my every expectations. 

I love love love the sushi!!! 

We will definitely come back when we are in town.笑
Amazing lunch today!  Kenny was hands down the best server we have had here!  Very attentive and knowledgeable of the menu.  We loved the Nuclear Bomb roll and shashimi salad!笑
This sushi place is my favorite! This is the newer location they have opened. It's clean, beautifully designed and decorated, and our server Kenny was amazing! Very attentive and polite. The food and drinks were also great! They didn't have a whiskey sour on the drink menu, but the bartender was kind enough to make it for me anyways! :)
All in all recommend this location!笑
Really nice and fancy atmosphere inside.
Foods are so fresh and good.

But the place is too big so servers seem hard to take care of all customers when it gets busy.笑
Very bad service! And place was empty! I ordered the tiger roll which by the way is great at the other location! First of all i think the server forgot about it because everybody in my party got their food, when i asked about mine she said she would ck and 5 mins later it came! Really not worth the wait, had to eat it because i was starbing, ordered tea and asked for sugar again server never brought it or refills, sad to see a beautiful place go, ladies bathroom was disgusting too! Would not recommend this location at all笑
Is it cool that I like the interior design and art better than the food?  Just kidding.  I started out with miso soup and popcorn scallops.  The scallops were okay and it came with two sauces; some kinda mustard and I believe ranch.  Otherwise the fried scallops alone didn't have too much flavor or spice like wasabi batter or something.  Didn't meet my expectations but I dealt with it.  Eating it took me a while, but it gave me enough time to chat with Kat and her hubs about the restaurant ambience :P

This is the 3rd restaurant that I've found to have AYCE.  Nice foldable menu and good basic selections.  Salmon belly nigiri was good.  I found their fish to be on the dry side for the other nigiris as served.  Cool thing is their portions are bite size.  For my main roll I ordered the Love Affair... oooouuuu SO NOT sexyyyy either.  It looked like a mound of imitation crab mixed with crispies and lobster bits dumped on top of the cut rolls, hiding beneath the chaos.  But the flavor was good.

Nice that the restaurant has space for larger groups and separate dining areas.  The tall ceilings, creative wood designs, lighting, and paint art captured my attention the most.  Just to note too, walking into any Japanese restaurant I'm used to being greeted by the chefs or workers.  Here they have it modernly designed on the entrance wall - no joyous welcoming shouts...

Our waiter had a tiny misunderstanding with our separate tabs.  Also took a couple reminders for drink refills.  I shall end my review with a fair nod.  I might come back however it will not be my first choice for AYCE.  I wanted to have a taste of their green tea creme brulee.  Mission accomplished and I will say that their green tea creme brulee by itself is deserving of 5 stars.笑
Very bad service, nasty food, don't waste your money
We had birthday party of 10 AYCE 
Oysters ware so old and with salsa on top come on 
Sweet shrimp was old taste, we tried several  rolls rice was nasty 
Only Miso soup tastes good the rest we couldn't even finish 

Server was so slow and didn't bring everything we ordered, 

Sorry for my English笑
Amazing service! Kenny was the best! Very knowledge of the food made amazing recommendation! We will definitely be returning on a regular basis with service like Kenny! Thanks for the dope time!笑
Was pleasantly surprise by this sushi place . very affordable and good food quality . SErvice was great , I really recommand this place . Salmon and avocado rolls were amazing .笑
I went to their other locations a few weeks ago, so I decided to go to this one with my mom yesterday. 
We walked in, and the host just kind of looked at us. He said hi, and just kind of looked away awkwardly. My mom said she wanted to sit at the sushi bar, so he led us over there and took out drink orders and said he'd be right back. We got our drinks, then the wait came. The sushi chefs literally didn't acknowledge us one time. It look maybe 20-25 minutes for the waiter to come back. Another 25 to get any of our food, then it all came out very slow. We were there for like over two hours. They kept walking past us, taking orders from other people, and serving them first without even asking us if we wanted more. Uh. Okay.

The food, however, still awesome. Muscles and oysters are sooo good, the miso pork belly, nigiri, heart attack and the "my favorite" rolls were sooo good, plus the always delish rainbow roll. The Chung hua was pretty good, but the other one we got was kinda weird and bland. 

Basically, 4 for food, 2 for service. I'll go back though. Every place needs a second chance.笑
My husband and I have been to a few sushi bars in Vegas and this is by far the best one we have been to so far.  If you can, get the bar seats.  They are best in the house and the chefs are all really great笑
I walked in like a boss with my sister was immediately seated by a young waiter by the name of Kenny who was very kind and cracked jokes made us feel welcomed. We sat at the sushi bar and our Chef was Nacho and let me just say he makes some really foodgasmic rolls some are his creations others on the menu he listened intensively and made rolls to our liking which made it all the better thank you Oyshi Sushi staff! Also the music  chill.笑
Worst experience ever today. Have been a customer for 5+ year aince th original location on Rainbow... the waitress forgot our order too many times and than finally no rolls ever came. So i ended over paying for a Chicken teriyaki my kids ate. Definetely coming back. Will try Rainbow. Problem with branching out, service is never the same.笑
Oh how I wanted Oyshi on Sahara to become a local fave since it's so close to my place! Strike three and they were out. Sad as the atmosphere is great. I have added a star for the friendly server our last visit, which will be the last. 

It was a Saturday eve, around 6pm w four of us; two got the all you can eat, and my daughter and I, a la carte. The quality and freshness of the sushi was poor to begin with but the quality of the ayce comparatively was horrid. 

 It was sad but yet amusing as had a friend over from Asia and was headed to Tokyo the next day and we were watching the World Cup on their bar tv in which Japan was playing.

There are plenty of decent sushi places but this is not one of them. I had heard they're other location is good, but don't think I will even attempt as have other places on my list.笑
Sushi was okay. The rolls looked messy and the service not the best but our waitress was nice and helpful. The music was to loud and made having a conversation with my husband hard, not to mention we couldn't hear the wait staff. I would go again but not for dinner.笑
Some buddies of mine and myself came here today and we all got the AYCE. We all left pretty satisfied with what we ate.

As with any group that is doing AYCE, we got to try a lot of the menu through coordinating orders and sharing with each other. From the appetizer section, to the desserts, everything we had was pretty tastey. 

Some highlights were their surf and turf roll, fried gyoza, sweet shrimp nigiri and fried heads, eel nigiri, tamago nigiri, salmon belly nigiri, cajun albacore nigiri, and their baked mussels.

The only real low points with the food was that the super white tuna wasn't that good, and each person could only have two orders of their awesome baked mussels. 

The service from the staff was top notch. While it took awhile to get our food a couple of times when the restaurant got full and busy, the servers and what we assumed was the floor manager always made sure to check on our orders and help get stuff to our table. The floor manager even took our order a couple of times, cleared our table, and refilled our drinks on more than one occasion. The staff there was firing on all cylinders and was really attentive. 

This was my second time coming here, and I really enjoyed the food and service again. I definetly will be coming back, and with more people. I would recommend coming to this place.笑
As of now, we have been waiting for 2 rolls as of 15 minutes ago. I decided to write the review and time myself until it gets to my table. The food tastes great, great quality, inside looks hip. But alas, my food is taking a WHILE. I waited 5 mins to post... 20 mins total for a rattle snake and a chicken teryaki roll.笑
Great spot of lunch. All you can eat for 27 bucks is nice. I always sit at the bar and my always come out quick and to my liking.笑
This was my second time going to oyshi sushi with my friends and I was very disappointed. The first time I went set somewhat high expectations. The first time the food was excellent, the atmosphere was amazing, the servers were friendly, but speed of service died a little toward the end because it was busy (which is understandable). When my friends and I went yesterday for the second time, the service was below average. Although the servers were really friendly, they constantly forgot about our food. We had to remind them at least 5 times. I could look over it, but it wasn't really busy which irritated me. It was such a let down. Going to have to reconsider coming here again.笑
Never written a review before but this was just ridiculous.. Had been to this location multiple times and always had pretty good service. On a Wednesday night we did AYCE we were here for over 2 1/2 hours because of absolutely awful service(I actually took a 15-20min nap at the table and still nothing had changed)! Multiple times we waited over an hour for food, the times we got food it was the food runner throwing random stuff we didn't want or order and she would ignore us and run off before we could say anything. Table was never cleared until almost 2 hours in. Had to get up at times and get someone to help us so we could get refills on water or put in an order for more food we would have to wait forever for. Then after all this the manager didn't even care! Just said sorry very unapologetically and had to almost argue to get a discount on the meal that we most definitely deserved. Very disappointing. I had always liked this place and now I don't know if I will ever eat here again because of this experience which sucks because the food is always good :/笑
Great atmosphere.  Great service.  Reasonable price for all you can eat Sushi.  I like the fact that you can order everything from the menu.  There are many selections of sushi and more variety of Japanese food.  Their sushi is pretty fancy and fresh.  It's a great deal, only $30/person for dinner.  Love it!!!笑
My first sushi experience was at the rainbow location in 2010. Oyshi is my favorite place and we were really excited when we saw that the Sahara location was opening nearby our home. Love your restaurant.笑
Our favorite sushi location on the west side! Open late and always very kind service. Never a bad experience with our food selections. All you can eat sushi menu has a great selection.笑
By far our best AYCE Sushi spot I've had. Service and atmosphere is on point!! Huge menu and the food is delicious. You won't be disappointed!!笑
Probably one of the best sushi places in town and I have sampled many places. The spicy tuna crunch had the perfect amount of crunch and spice.  The service was prompt and very friendly! Thinking of making this place a weekly stop!笑
Good decent food. Few different appetizers which you don't usually see in other AYCE's (which is a nice change). Really like the green tea tiramisu. 
Didn't like the service though. Was very slow. There were only 7 tables occupied. The sushi's were served first (before the appetizers) 20 minutes AFTER they got our orders !!! And there were 5 sushi chefs working. One of them was busy taking a video of the other chef making a sushi roll. We never wait that long at other sushi places where there are only 2-3 chefs.
Most of our appetizers came after the sushi rolls. They forgot a couple of orders but we didn't bother telling the waiter cuz we didn't want to wait another lifetime.笑
First timer here and I'm SOLD!! Sushi and apps are on point! Our server was awesome! Very attentive and able to suggest roles & meat to our liking I will definitely be Coming back to this location no just for the great food but also for the fantastic service笑
My family four members enjoyed All U can eat.
It is fresh and good taste.
However the waitress who is japanese(?) is not kind I think.
Also I wish the price should be down. It's little bit expensive though It was over 140dollars笑
Tonight we had a birthday dinner with co workers at Oyshi sushi and my review goes like this. 1-10 score 
Service 7
Food 8 
Atmosphere 8
 
Now why did I place a 7 and not a 10 possibly because it took approx 20 minutes until I received my water.

Food was good and fresh, a little thick on rice but expected because it's Ayce笑
So me and my friend wanted to do sushi for lunch. We were headed to our normal place, got there and it was closed for lunch on Sunday. Such a disappointment! We then drove a few blocks down to Oyshi Sushi. The place was very beautiful and open. Great service and sushi bar. I wasn't feeling to good on this day so I didn't get to eat as much as I wanted but I had a lobster roll that was out of this world! I'll be back!!笑
Awesome service with Kevin at the bar. Great all you can eat whole menu! Bar. Sushi. Sushi bar. Won't go anywhere else. Family friendly. Food is perfection.笑
Experience:  a friend invited me to lunch, and this was the spot he picked. We met one other friend who mentioned their is another location she had frequented. 

Facility: The restaurant was very nice with lots of unique accents and modern decor. They had both chair and tables and half booths with chairs too. The bar is pretty small and seats around 8-10. 

Service:  It was very slow when we arrived, and it seems when restaurants are really slow, they tend to forget to check on their guests. They were friendly and helped when you asked, but I felt I had to flag them down too many times from their little congregation at the hostess booth. I'd give the service a 3 star rating.  

Food:  the food was good. The $22 AYCE lunch does not include the sashimi, so that was a disappointment. They also don't serve oysters, uni or sweet shrimp for lunch. We ordered calamari, veggie tempura, spicy tuna roll, gyoza, seaweed salad, mussels, Cali salmon roll, snow mountain, a few other rolls they ordered I don't remember. 
A special shout out to the dynamite, which actually had a teriyaki flavor, the Tempura shrimp, the atomic bomb roll, and this fabulous cucumber salad called sumomono, which was a nice palate cleanser. 

Overall:  this was a pretty good lunch. Not my fav AYCE sushi place, but nice enough where I would come back with friends again.笑
Second time there and both times food was great, love the environment but service is lacking big time. I thought the first time maybe just short handed on help. Nope, same bad service again. If the waiter would slow down a little and pay attention to customers, I'm positive he would get better tips.笑
The worst ever. Don't recommend anyone to come here. Waiting almost 2 hours waiting for a simple table of 4. After constantly checking wait time w host they somehow forgot about us and sat others right as they walked in after having is wait for 2 hours now. Then after complaining they said they had forgotten about us, and now they will sit us so walking towards the host booth once again ... I can see about 6 open tables and they still had the nerve to say wait 10 more minutes, ofcourse we just walked out. Even bartender felt bad for us. He was the only nice one there. Horrible host service.笑
Solid 4 stars would be appropriate if everything was like usual; least that's what I'd presume taking everyone else's rating. Unfortunately, today wasn't like any other day. It was a very special day. When we walked in, four chefs and three waitress welcomed us. We ordered a beer, two miso soup, one ahi salad, one tempura, one pork belly, one mussel, six orders of sushi, and one roll. Yes we must have ordered a lot because it took them twenty minutes to come back to the table to check on us another twenty minutes to take the second order, another twenty minutes to tell us that our order will come out in no time. ..... we gave up on waiting and asked for the check. Waitress was still nice and polite but the speed of food was no where close to four stars... more like one star. .. nice waitress made it two stars.... manager was on duty, calling and talking with someone important. I'm sure they wouldn't want me back there because I ordered a lot, but I'd never recommend this place regardless....笑
Became violently ill after eating here, barely enough time to make it home. Friendly, efficient service. Lots of young people in trucker hats and beanies. Not a lot of asian dinners. Sashimi/rolls tasted odd. Just kind of shrugged it off. Win some lose some when it comes to AYCE sushi.笑
Second of their restaurants. Great staff. Outstanding sushi and other fare. Really. A fun spot for dining!!笑
great sushi and great service!!!!! Highly recommended!! Loved the creme Brule:) The ambience is pretty stylish and chill.笑
Not super impressed. I ordered the yellowtail jalapeño. Looked like a child sliced the tuna. Miso soup tasted like water. Cucumber salad looked like spaghetti and tasted chalky and weird. They have an all you can eat for 22 at lunch and 27 for dinner. I ordered the 3 things al a carte which totaled more than that (which was expected )but the quality did not match the price.笑
Great food, horrible customer service! I always recommend this place for sushi, will no longer do that after today's experience. One person from the table had all you can eat and I did not, not sure if that had something to do with this bad experience.笑
tldr

I'm partial to the Rainbow location but this is closer to me.
Service was surprisingly slow i think we had a waiter in training; drink refills and orders took a long time.
The busser actually did a great job filling in and taking order while cleaning up.
Very limiting on the baked green mussels.

Get:
-Asian skirt steak
-love affair
-spider roll
-monster roll笑
First time eating at Oyshi & I give five stars for amazing food AND service. My friend and I had $26 all you can eat sushi with tea and sake. The food tasted great and came out really fast. Our server's name was Odi and she was the best waitress I've ever had. She checked on us often and had a very pleasant attitude. I would recommend this sushi spot to anyone in the area. This is my new favorite place for whenever I'm in Vegas :)笑
Favorite sushi place in Vegas. The rolls are always on point and the staff is super helpful. Go with all you can eat and enjoy yourself, might I suggest the Japanese lasagna and the surf and turf they are the bomb diggity and also the green tea creme brulee. Heck yeah!笑
I love the atmosphere and the friendliness of the restaurant.  Also, the promptness and service is top notched.  This sushi ayce is by far the best in Vegas.笑
Best and my new fave AYCE place ;) get Daniel as your sushi chef. He was pleased to teach me about and sample some live and obviously raw "horse clam" or geoduck and asked if it was ok to use fresh wasabi. Are you kidding!? Ummm, yes please! He also topped the scallops with wasabi tobiko which was a nice surprise :)笑
Busy day and it seems like they're short handed? Bad service. We were told only 20 mins wait and it become 1 hour wait. Worst service. Didn't even get a refill for our drinks. Can't do half order and you can only order one dessert. Sushi don't taste good. Calamari was hard and cold. Employee don't know what the heck are they doing. Manager should know better that valentines day is busy people are out to have dinner. You should've schedule extra people.笑
First off, it's dark in there. Like seriously, the only light that enters is through the tinted front glass doors. So you feel like you're in some cavernous spot, and when it's bright & sunny out it kinda feels weird. However, if you like that sort of thing, then have at it.
Our Server, Rey, was pretty awesome! His energy & enthusiasm was the light in this cave. We ordered a few things then based off his suggestion, we ordered a different roll. Nice one too! 
The Food Runner, I found myself helping him out. Like when we delivered the edamame, rather than attempting to place it in the middle of the table, he placed it off to my side, because there were a few things in the way. In my experience, yes I have worked in restaurants, when that happens, you set the dish down, make room, then place the dish in the center. However, that was his kind of thing, literally, just bring the food out. Didn't add to the experience, was just there.
Oh but wait! The food! Yes, we did eat here. The sushi wasn't bad. For being our first time, and we only ordered 4 out of the tons of options! Again, I've had my share of sushi and the staple of a roll is the consistency of the rice. It has to be sticky. It has to hold it all together with the help of the seaweed. Well, flavor wise, the rolls were good. Like seriously. The rice was just meh. It wasn't terribly sticky. Some parts were a little brittle & dry. No, not the worst thing, just not the best.
Now here's the AWESOME part. The have all you can sushi for $20! Yup! $20!! I can do and be experiencing this little feature for sure! Of course I'll be trying more sushi options for sure! Plus, what other way can you experience a spot with an all you can option??? It's on!笑
Cool set up. Solid basic sushi rolls. I didn't try too many of the more complex options. Amigo roll was good. Tasty hamachi nigiri. Great berry vanilla dessert. Had AYCE. Will try again. Prefer Kaizen etc笑
We can't decide if we want to call this place, 
"Oyshi-No-No" or "Oy-She-Didn't"

ENVIRONMENT 
Very large room divided into different areas. It seemingly looks good, but upon further inspection, it's clear that something isn't right -- dirty plates, strange Saran wrapped bottles at the bar.

FOOD
The quality of fish is definitely low-brow. I believe we saw signs for all-you-can eat-options, so it's expected I suppose, but just don't get your hopes up. 

SHOUT OUT
The Volcano Roll comes Honey-boo-boo style.

SERVICE
Horrible. The waiter always came to our table apologizing when he didn't do anything and that's when he actually came to our table. Please invest in training your staff, or continue to see these reviews about your service. 

AFTERMATH
It's probably best you go somewhere else if you know what I mean.笑
AYCE lunch was only $22/person! Sushi came out fresh and delicious, service was great, and decor was industrial and beautiful. There was no wait when I arrived around noon but customers quickly trickled thereafter. I can't see this place being busier than Goyemon which is why I like it :)

Also, I would recommend the Kamikaze rolls笑
Love this place. Great service for an all you can eat joint. It's very clean and nicely decorated inside and the sushi is always on point! This is one of the few places I have found where the service and quality of food isn't lowered because it is AYCE. There are tons of options for sushi and non sushi lovers. Oyshi is great for both small and large parties.笑
I just recently discovered Oyshi Sushi, and my first experience was at their Rainbow location. The vibe was totally urban trend, great atmosphere and the sushi was excellent and fresh.

Today we tried the Sahara location, being that it was closer to our side of town. I regret not making the drive to Rainbow. 

This Sahara location is very disorganized, dirty, no hot water in the bathrooms and the quality... well I have seen better technique at my local Smith's grocery. Sushi is all about the rice first, and this place must use Uncle Ben's Minute Rice.... microwave version. Please have some leadership behind the (sushi) bar and maintain quality. It's not far to ruin the brand name and possibly turn away business from your Rainbow location.  

It is night and day between this location and Rainbow. Very sad that the consistency is so far off. 

I regret wasting my sushi crave today on this place..  two thumbs down.笑
Food was great. Service wasn't good at all. Drinks never filled and food runner checked on us more than our server ever did.笑
Had sushi at Oyshi on Christmas Day! This place was very busy. Food took some time to be served, but, service and Sushi were great!笑
Lee, peter, and Daniel were the most amazing sushi chefs! I highly recommend thisnplace. My fav was the labster affair roll. All u can eat is made to order!!!!笑
If I had the option of giving no stars, I would. Hands-down, worst service I've ever had. We walked in and stood in front of the hostesses for at least a good 90 seconds (90 seconds too long) before we even got EYE CONTACT. They were too busy chatting amongst themselves. Then, they didn't even ask us how we were doing. We sat down and ordered - the waitress had absolutely no knowledge of the menu - huge red flag (even your staff doesn't want to eat here?). We then noticed one of our plates was dirty and had old food on it, so of course we asked for another. They took the plate back and came back with a "new one"... which we could clearly tell was just the old one wiped off with a rag. After that, we couldn't stay in that place one more second.
Bottom line: I wouldn't send my WORST ENEMY to this restaurant. You can have the best food/product in the world but if you have terrible service, your business will STILL fail. It's a good thing there are plenty of other amazing sushi places here in Vegas - this one will not last long among them.笑
This place is 5 stars all the way. I'm honestly not an owner, a relative of the owner or a friend of the owner. I don't even live in Vegas I am from LA and here on business. But I do get to Vegas quite a bit. And now every time u do get out this way I will be eating here. 

I was finishing up a business meeting about 2 miles away and looked on yelp for a sushi place with a good rating. They fit the bill so I drove over there knowing nothing other than they got a great rating on yelp.

When u drove up I was immediately impressed with the outside as it was very attractive and was obviously part of a new shopping center. Then I saw their sign that they had an all you can eat dinner and I got really excited!

Anybody that knows me knows that I can eat. And if your offering me all you can eat im going to be there for a whole. And since I hadn't eaten all day I was ready. I sat at the sushi bar where they told me everything on the menu was available on the all you can eat with the exception of the sashimi. 

There were 5 people behind the counter at the sushi bar and they cranked out the food really fast. But it didn't taste rushed and it certainly didn't taste like all you can eat. In fact it might of been true bast sushi I've ever had. 

There was one sushi chef that took care of me almost entirely. I'm sorry I didn't get his name because he have me great service as did everyone else I came on contact with. 

So to sum it up if you live in Vegas or are visiting (it's only about 10-15 minutes from the strip) you must try it. If you line sushi you will love this place.笑
For a while, my sushi squad (it's okay to laugh) were coming here weekly - yep, it's that good. 

Oyshi is super clean, has a chill atmosphere and a friendly staff who are quite accomodating. 

The menu is chock-full  of deliciousness - and you'll find something for everyone, even the non-adventurous. I love the nigiri here - perfect portion size. The ahi poke bowl is great, and I love that they've got it on the all you can eat menu, whereas most places will only permit one per person. We always get a ton of nigiri and a few of the skirt steaks, cuz they are a sizzling plate of yum that can't be resisted. 

Chef Daniel was our absolute favorite, so you could count on us occupying a large booth in the back every Friday night. Since he has moved on, we hit this place up at least once per month - as some things have changed, which is a bummer - but it's overall still a great spot. 

Room for improvement here would be the hot tea. They give you an entire pot (which is rad!) but because the tea leaves are left to steep, it's oftentimes incredibly bitter by the middle/end of the pot, which makes me sad. 

You know we'll be back. Every other Friday for the rest of eternity :)笑
My daughter got very ill within 30 minutes of eating sushi. Started to vomit within an hour. Is the fish fresh? Then the lights went off in the restaurant and they didn't charge for the meal. Hmmm. Not happy and need a trip to ER from her vomiting over 5 times.笑
Been here on multiple occasions. Food is always tasty and fresh. Service various from below average to above average depending on the day and the server. Sit at the Sushi bar instead of a table and your food will be much quicker.笑
Like the other Oyshi restaurnat, this one is amazing!
Oyshi has the best sushi I have ever eaten anywhere in the world. That includes many countries in South East Asia.
I recently went there for lunch for the first time and was reminded how good the food and service are.
Whenver anyone from out of town comes to visit, I always take them to one the Oyshi restaurants. I have yet to take anyone there who didn't agree it was the best sushi they have ever eaten.
Amazing place, great service, tons of roll options, and very reasonably priced.笑
Super disappointed in this location.
The restaurant itself is large, beautiful and has nice decor. The menu is the same as the other location. Promptly greeted and seated upon arrival.
Decent wait staff service. The guy behind their bar did their best to completely butcher irrashaimasen .

First thing I noticed is that I ordered the poke salad and the tuna that was in it was scrap tuna. Just the low quality end pieces that wouldn't look good if used as nigiri.

Then we got a roll we didn't order.

Then we were told that we couldn't order half rolls (the rainbow locations allows this) unless we were sitting at the bar... I'm still trying to figure out how this makes even a little bit of sense. We were told " well you can order half rolls if you are sitting at the bar". The bar was 2 feet to my right. The restaurant had 3 total tables occupied, it was dead... this didn't make any sense. We likely would of consumed twice as much had we been sitting at the bar.

Our waitress was a little forgetful. Didn't bring us drinks or even wasabi when asked.

All of our sushi would just fall apart. I even received ikura where my nori  WAS BACKWARDS. Will not be going to this location ever again.

2 stars instead of 1 because of the wait staff service and fresh fish- I ate there yesterday and am not sick at least.笑
Best. Sushi. Ever.  Hands down my favorite sushi spot. The sushi chefs are so much fun and they have the most amazing specialty rolls. Every visit is a different experience and they never disappoint.
For the best experience sit down at the sushi bar and ask your sushi chef what his specialty dish is.... I promise you it won't disappoint.笑
Love this place! !  Was a patron of the original one on Rainbow,  but this one is close to my house and am now a regular! !  Sushi chefs are awesome,  know us and make us original awesome things to try. The bartender knows us and automatically brings us the Nigori Sake we like.  Thank u!!笑
Came here after the gym, so the restaurant was actually not too busy when we arrived around 1:30pm. The hostess seated our party of three quickly and our waitress took great care of us.

Did the AYCE option (and upgraded to the dinner option) since it was cheat day for one of our friends so we could ordered items only available for the dinner AYCE price. So we ordered all the dinner only items and the assorted nigiri that we often ordered. Every thing was great. Service from the sushi bar was quick and before long we were almost too stuffed to ordered desserts.

The one thing I have to constantly remember to do when dining at most Korean-operated sushi restaurants is to ask the chef to go easy on the sauce or serve it on the side for all of the specialty rolls. But that is completely a personal preference thing.

Baked Mussels were a good appetizer to start our meal.

Seared Salmon Nigri - yum

Salmon Skin + Fresh Salmon and Ikura Handroll - make sure they put all the ingredients in one hand roll and not make three different ones.

Unagi Nigiri - good, but even better if slightly more caramelized.

 A la carte options, Lunch Specials are also available for anyone not in the mood for AYCE.笑
Sushi was pretty terrible. Service was fine but way too slow... Not a place I would recommend or go back too.笑
DO NOT EAT AT THIS PLACE...I REPEAT. DO NOT EAT HERE. SERVICE IS TERRIBLE! We walked in on a Saturday afternoon (party of 3) thinking it wasn't going to be busy since it was around 3:00 pm. We were not greeted by the 2 servers who were standing at the counter busily staring at their cash register like they had no idea what they were doing. After 5 minutes of standing around, we were finally asked how many was in our party. That same server left in which we thought she was going to get our table ready but in actuality, she disappeared. So again, after 5 mins we were asked if we have been helped. This server decides to take us to a table and then proceeds asking us what we would like to drink. She then leaves us at our table while we were under the assumption she was getting our water. NOPE! We waited for a good 10-15 mins and decided to get up and leave. Most horrible experience waiting around especially since we were starving. Never going back there ever again! We decided to go to Goyemon down the street and we had the best sushi and experience off the strip ever! So go to Goyemon instead of this dump of a restaurant!笑
Oyshi is located in a plaza that doesn't have other restaurants so it was pretty empty when we went - Saturday lunch time.

The restaurant interior surprised me. Very modern and comfortable. There are private rooms for larger parties. We were seated in a private room which was perfect since there were kids with us.

AYCE = $21 for lunch, $26 for dinner. You pay the dinner price at lunch if you want oysters, ebi and uni.

Our first round consisted of mostly appetizers.
Stand out apps:
potato croquette - very nice fried, good flavor
baked mussels - plump and covered with creamy sauce that has masago in it
shrimp & veggie tempura - good batter and slightly sweeter than normal tempura sauce
ahi poke - not a whole lot of fish, but great seasoning on a bed of greens

Appetizers that didn't really wow me: dynamite, spicy sashimi salad, fried calamari

Food came out in a very timely manner and the wait staff were attentive and quick.

Sushi:
SALMON BELLY received much praise
SPANISH MACKEREL was good but cut sloppily
YELLOWTAIL was not buttery but still tasted fresh
RED SNAPPER great texture and sweetness
UNI TOPPED WITH QUAIL EGG was a bit discolored which concerned me and didn't have too much sea butteriness to it but still enjoyable
EBI I passed on because I don't like raw shrimp but seemed okay. I tried to eat the brains but they were very shrimpy

OYSTERS plump and very white. I could've used more lemon or some sort of mignonette though

As for the rolls, they all started to taste the same. Lots of rolls are filled with krab, and topped with fish. The eel & avocado roll was very disappointing because there was too much of the teriyaki type sauce and the avocado was not ripe. Presentation was good, but the actual handiwork of the cuts wasn't that great. The salmon lover and sexy rolls had some sort of buttery yellow sauce drizzled on top that almost made me gag because there was a faint hint of banana to the sauce. I am not a banana fan. Especially not on my sushi.

Freshness: 3/5
Service: 5/5
Would I return? Yes.笑
Really cool vibe, our server Golden was amazing brought everything out in a timely manner. I'd definitely recommend this place for group outings!笑
Rice is dry af. 

The fish itself taste good but the rice is terrible. It's dry and grainy. I had to keep drinking water as I ate because their sushi would make my mouth dry and the rice would stick. The fish and rice ratio was way off. The fish is cut thin with a thick compressed dry rice underneath. All I eat is nigiri so it's sad that I didn't reorder nigiri for my second round. 

The options here are a little limited compared to other AYCE sushi spots. 

The inside is very clean and spacey which I really liked. The service was great. They were fast and always came by to ask if we wanted to order more. 

Maybe I came on a off day but I didn't like this second visit here!笑
I've eaten at the other location, and liked it. But I tried this place, and I have JUST NOW recovered physically enough from the worst food poisoning I've ever heard of to write this review.

We got the all you can eat for a late dinner.  The sushi was fine, as far as I can remember.  I ordered oysters, two of them came in a little plate.  I slurped down the first one, and it tasted like a corpse soaked in brine.  Since I shoot raw oysters, it was already in, and I figured, what are the odds the second one will taste like that too?  MISTAKE.  I told my dining companions, "Wow these taste like they've been dead for a while..."  I forgot about it and moved on.

That night, my friend (who didn't have oysters) woke up around 1 or 2 am and puked.  She said she was fine the next day.  I was totally fine and figured her puny weakling stomach must've just not been able to handle the onslaught of all you can eat sushi.  I went about my day like a naive, unsuspecting fool.

Wednesday, around 4:00 pm.  In my office.  The rumblings of gastric distress started to bubble.  I had cooked my usual breakfast, and gotten a sandwich from my usual place.  I thought maybe the sandwich wasn't sitting right.  Within 20 minutes or so my vision started hazing, and my stomach started blowing up like that blueberry chick from willy wanka.  I felt nauseous.  Made it to my car and sped home, feeling sicker and sicker.

I bolted to my toilet and JUST made it in time as a violent torrent of vomit erupted from my face like a hurricane.  Violent wretching for several mintues, and then I slumped into my bed, exhausted.  However, there would be little sleep over the next 12 hours.  Every 10 to 15 minutes I would have explosive, violent, searing diaherrea like a poop volcano.

It started to feel dangerous after a full day of this, so I got myself to a hospital. I was diagnosed with a deadly food bacteria present in dirty seafood and prescribed antibiotics. As I got in my car to drive home I projectile vommitted in my car. I had to call a friend to take me home and pick up my meds. I was unable to get out of bed for a full 6 days, except to crawl on hands and knees to destroy my toilet every half hour or so.

Needless to say I will never eat here again.  I also can't see myself eating oysters ever again. Feeling thankful for modern medicine because this is the ish people die from.

NEVER FORGET. NEVER AGAIN.笑
We aren't from Vegas so whenever we come here we always pay this place a visit since they don't have these types of AYCE sushi in Hawaii especially for that price!

Kenny was our server and he does such a good job serving us. Last year when we came to visit he was also our server and we had the same great, friendly service from him as well. 

The only con I could think of was that the uni was 1 serving per person, waaaah why? I love uni! Lol anyways thanks Oyshi for your great service every time we visit!笑
I love this place. They have Tako, Sake, and Ebi sushi as well as delicious Shrimp Tempura. It is clean, efficient and fast! They remember your orders right and are willing to bring water with lemon.  Plus, it is unbelievably ALL YOU CAN EAT !! Wonderful stop !!笑
This is a All you can eat sushi place,  and they do have ala cart as well. 
Did not have the All you can eat sushi,  but the Lobster affair was fantastic. 
The service was great. 
Quality seems to be good, but a bit difficult to tell at this point. 
I think it is worth the effort to try.笑
Really not impressed at all. Had a group set a reservation for about 30 people. We were sat on time in a table that would accommodate us all. Wow nice. Here is the bad part. They obviously knew we were coming and had only 1 waiter for us. Yes he took 30 some orders and the just walked out of the kitchen screaming out what rolls he had asking who wanted them. Almost an hour later I got my meal. The restaurant was great but the service was severely in need. I ate 2 rolls paid my $40. For my all you can eat sushi witch I have to say forcing a gratuity I am happy to do but this was crap. Really don't recommend going there with a group of any size.笑
Amazing sushi I come here once a week and get all you can eat. You can pretty much get anything you want for lunch it's only $21 and it's really good food. I like coming for lunch because it's slower, this place gets pretty busy on the weekends. We like sitting at the sushi bar because you can order faster and the guys are super cool. Plus you can get half rolls. I love the house salad and they have an awesome sake martini :)笑
I've ate here a few times... We just stopped in here for my moms birthday and this was honestly the worst sushi experience I've ever had. 

First off I called and was told that I couldn't make a reservation that it would be slow enough to walk in, we came into a busy restaurant and was told it would take 30 min to be seated. We love to eat sushi and loved this place but the service was Awful! I dont know if the server forgot our Order  or if the kitchen just didn't get the order. Whatever the case may be the manager handled it poorly, There was 6 of us and 5 got AYCE. After being poorly served we got charged for everything which we thought was crazy..... All in all I will never come back to this place, I loved coming here If I was able to give 0 stars I would笑
The AYCE is amazing! It includes appetizers, sushi and desser. They have a huge variety of rolls and they are delicious!笑
Favorite Location even though I live closer to the location. Great fast service! With Awesome friendly staff! Last but But Not Least the Best Sushi Ever!!!!!笑
Our first time tonight, and the reviews we read on Yelp did not disappoint. It was a very clean environment the temperature was nice and chill so you know the sushi was good. Me and my wife both like the fact that they had specialty cuts of fish such as konch shell fish, salmon belly, halibut fin, and even scallop raw. Our server was very helpful and guiding us through the menu and even helping us learn how to drink a sake bomb. We sat at the bar and cook was very helpful. Recommending cuts of fish that he thought we might enjoy. And even stearing us in the right direction for dessert. The price was only a few dollars more than where we used to go as regulars, but here we felt that we were treated nicer and also got fresher fish for our money. If you make a trek to this location, be sure to sit next to Pete at the bar. The guy knows his way around the sushi bar and is very entertaining with his blow torch when he is searing items. Definitely worth the extra dollars if you're going to spend the money on sushi anyways.

***edit***

After multiple trips and somewheres in 100's of lbs of fish consumed we are still incredibly happy with this establishment.笑
Your average AYCE joint with mediocre fish hidden in a large selection of rolls.  It's not bad if that is your thing....no thanks for me!笑
We just visit today 09/04/15 at lunch time 
We eat AYCE
Me and my husband not
Gonna coming back NEVER!!!
HORRIBLE SERVICE !!!!
Our server is Kevin 
He never check back our table for another order with all you can eat??!!
All the time we have to say something the other person 
So we feel so bad i dont know thats why
Food also bad ,not OYSHI !!!笑
Love it , very yummy variety and fresh made sushi!!! Havent been here in years happy to be back笑
Fish is so so. Had 5 different kinds. They all taste the same.  Im a pro at eating sashimi having been to Japan numerous time.  This place is fine for an American palette.笑
Beware: yelp and website have incorrect hours listed. Be prepared to be turned away if showing up past 9:30 on a weekday. Drove 20 mins here and arrived at 9:45 only to be told they were closed even though it says open until 11.笑
Some of the best sushi I've ever had. It's fresh and tastes great. I've had a lot of sushi and this place is in my top 3 spots. The service is great - Andre rocks!!! The Sahara location never has a wait either!!笑
The services was really slow at the bar, after speaking to someone twice we still were not helped. But it's AYCE and tasty ‍笑
Went here for my birthday and was excited to try a new all you can eat sushi place. The rolls were delicious, the tempura was some of the best we have had. The only critique I would give is they charge too much for kids under 12. It's $27 per adult and $20 for children 12 and under. I will say the food is worth it and the ambiance is worth it. Our server, Ryan did a fantastic job so we did not hurt with full bellies!笑
As always Oyshi Sushi never disappoints! My gal pal fellow Yelper HeatherS. and I decided to try this new location that is closer to our side of town.

The staff is Awesome and the food is always on point! We of course had the AYCE and it was just as Amazing as their other location that I used to frequent.

This location is cute, dark, sexy and romantic with a fun club vibe with music playing in the background.

We enjoyed the, screaming orgasm, lobster affair, love affair, Hawaiian roll, fried scallops, gyoza, poke, sweet shrimp and shrimp tempura. I really enjoyed the New York style cheesecake and Heather enjoyed her green tea ice cream for dessert. 

We ordered iced tea and were brought a nice carafe for refills.

Oyshi is the best, I am truly spoiled every time I visit and this new location is just as fantastic as the one on rainbow.笑
My family and I went here for lunch today.  We all chose the AYCE option.  It was $21 for lunch and included almost everything on the menu (no sashimi).  My husband ate 8 rolls!  The food was fresh and came out at a nice pace - which gave us more time to relax and talk with each other.  We were not rushed and there was no time limit, like there are at AYCE places.  I don't eat fish - or seaweed - and was surprised that there were so many choices for me to do the AYCE as well - terriyaki chicken, gyoza, egg rolls, miso soup, salads, vegetarian rolls (with soy wraps), and beef plates.  I highly recommend the Grilled Beef Asparagus - thinly sliced beef wrapped around an asparagus spear and grilled with a light, sweet sauce on top.  Each AYCE lunch comes with 1 dessert - I had the chocolate creme brulee - absolutely fantastic!  Service was good.  Vangie, our waitress, worked at our pace.  She gave us time to look over the menu in full, made some very tasty suggestions, and was able to answer all our questions about ingredients and what was included.  Any time we accidentally veered off the included choices, Vangie let us know and suggested a similar item from the included choices.  She was very patient with us and really kept the food coming out while giving us our space.  If you go - ask for her.  I read some reviews where the server just didn't come back after awhile, not Vangie!  As she saw our plates emptying, she returned to ask if we wanted more, clear off used dishes, and refill beverages.  Oyshi is definately going onto our list of places to return - often and soon!笑
I would like to say that being turned down at 1150pm on a Saturday when they close at 1am is bs!!! I will recommend to all of my industry friends that would think about rushing to eat sushi at this place to go elsewhere. I understand it is ayce but all I wanted was a couple rolls and it was 1150!!! Completely unacceptable in my opinion.笑
Love this place!!!  And Nacho just created the best new rolls I've ever had! Thank you!!!笑
We would love to give a detailed review of our experience however we never even made it to our seats. We walked in at 9pm and asked for a table for 2 and we were informed they decided to close early today..... 90 minutes early. WHO DOES THAT?????

Good menu or not, there's zero tolerance in this town for subpar service like this. 

Scratching this place off our book of great places to go! #serviceisking笑
great food! very fresh. Great service and very polite. Very welcoming crew. The decor is very nice and fresh. You will Love this place.笑
Saw this Sushi place and something about it caught my attention, so I decided to check it out. My boyfriend and I went there on a Friday date night. The place wasn't busy at all, but there was a larger party in the back. The sushi was amazing!! I already want to go back. I can't even recommend one dish. They were all so so good.笑
Why so fancy?!

So my wife and I were driving one day, trying to figure out how we can top off our empty stomachs when we saw this gem from the streets. Located in a plaza on Sahara off of Teneya, this spot had a clean look to it. Plenty of parking. Walked inside and almost felt as if I was under dressed. This place is Fancy. Greeted as we entered, we were shown to our table in record timing. Well, for a sushi restaurant. Very spacious, great modern decor, and plenty of seating. Well lit, with just the right amount of volume on the music. 

Our server was great and gave us the full run through of the menu and drinks. No empty glasses here baby. Food came as fast as we ordered them. Well, at least from what I remember. Here's the rundown of what we ordered.

What ordered:
Miso soup
Ahi poke
Calamari
Baked mussel 
Shrimp tempura
Sizzling beef
Beef asparagus 

Nigiri:
Tuna 
Garlic Tuna
Salmon
Albacore
Garlic albacore
Yellowtail
Ikura
Uzura - quail egg
Masago - smelt egg
Tamago - sweet egg

Know what? We cleaned our plates. Yes we did. The fish is fresh. A bit light on flavor for the mussels, but amazing taste for the sizzling beef. Since I'm accessing long term memory and my   hippocampus isn't cooperating, I'll have to keep it short. (Note to self, write review within a week of visiting business).

This place is well worth the drive. Perfect for that elegant date, without the outrageous prices and AYCE bustle. We shall see you again FANCY!笑
Incredible Sushi rolls by Chef Pedro Lozada! Best sushi I've ever had and I didn't have any raw rolls since I'm pregnant! Totally recommend this place and this chef!笑
I like this location better than than rainbow location. Customer service is excellent, and the waiters are so nice! The wait is never long and the food is amazing! I drive from across town to eat at this location!笑
Stopped in with the Wife and Daughter today for one the trully best bites in Vegas in my opinion, My Man Kenny killed it as usual with his on point service and attention to detail!!!!  Much thanks to all the skillful hands behind the line. 
If you don't know ....now you know!
------oyshi-----笑
Man, I am so glad I came back to try this place again. It must have been a fluke day when I went before with my previous review because I have been back a few times and it's been awesome ever since. This has become one of my favorite places to go for sushi! Their sushi was fresh and every roll was delicious. My favorite is the salmon belly! As for the rolls, you can never go wrong with the Love Affair! 

My friends and I came here late one night and it felt like we were there forever! Our server was friendly and got us our orders in a timely manner. We never had a lull where we didn't have any sushi on the table. Such great customer service throughout our night!笑
Love the sushi here and the menu is great, but the past two times I've dined here, the wait to get our sushi was ridiculous. We waited over an hour for our first roll to come out, and watched people around us being served long before us, even though we placed our orders in first. I honestly think it's bc they are understaffed for such a popular establishment.笑
The food started yummy and plentiful the server Ryan was good.  We ordered the rib eye steak the first was plentiful then the second was less and the third round was more like where's the beef.

The Nigiri sushi was yummy.  See my photos. 
The shrimp tempuras was hot I liked the red dragon. 

Our food didn't come timely everyone was done with their dessert while I still waited for the Crete brûlée.  Our server came to give us the check and I had to tell him we did not get the Crete brûlée.笑
This place is right down the street from my house so I have been here several times. I usually sit at the bar as it is quiet and I enjoy watching them make the rolls. The wait staff is friendly and quite quick, however I notice that when it gets busy some orders are forgotten about, needing to re-submit them. But alas, the food is very good, and being so close, I will definitely come back many more times.笑
The fish here is VERY high quality and for AYCE, $27 dinner is very fair. It was my date and I's first time coming here and we were seated at the sushi bar by the very inviting waitstaff. The menu is full of choices and my date and I did not know what to get so, our sushi chef Jon had some really great suggestions and gave them to us to try and they were all AMAZING!!! my favorite was the Love-Affair roll. Also Jon really made our first time eating here a wonderful experience.  He was very knowledgeable about everything on the menu and provided excellent service!!! Someone give this guy a raise!! Overall, this place just because my newest favorite sushi place! Will DEFINITELY be coming here from now on.笑
Ah, yes. The "newer" Oyshi. Essentially the same restaurant, but bigger--yet, somehow, not -quite- as tasty as the original location! 

Ambiance: 4 - The epitome of comfort: Tables that are far away from each other, enough to spread out your leg and arm span so that you won't hit another person. But still, not far away enough that you can't hear the conversations of the table next to you! 

Spacious with more tables and semi-dimly lit, this Oyshi seems to have a bit more romantic lighting, if you will. Don't worry! You can still see your menu!! 

Service: 5 - Our table service was fast, friendly, attentive. The restaurant wasn't busy at all, so they were really able to cater! 

Food: 3 - Just like their other location, they also offer AYCE and the choice of one of their specialty desserts! 

I'm usually a huge fan of their food, but the quality of the rolls were just not as good as the original location! When the taste is up to speed, most likely I'll go back, but for now, I'll drive the longer drive to the first location.

However, if you do like this location and are looking for a roll to try, I recommend the Love Affair & the dessert is -always- worth a try! Also, if you like fresh oyster, theirs is delicious :)笑
This sushi restaurant is awesome ! Our server Lolli was great ! Very attentive & would always check up on us to make sure our food was right & we were satisfied. Definitely recommend!笑
Very good sushi!! I came here with my friend Jill for all you can eat sushi. The staff is awesome with such great personalities. I am so glad they can make one of my favorites which is the Japanese Lasagne:-) They have a delicious parfait dessert that we both got. The drinks we great too I had a Princess Peach..mmmmnm good:-)笑
Came in on a Friday afternoon with some friends for some drinks and sushi. It's January 1 and surprisingly not busy. Despite of having a few customers, we still had to wait a long time for food. On top of that I also ordered a bottle of Asahi and sake. It took them 45 min to serve drinks that suppose to be the easiest thing to do. I've eaten here before and the service was way different from what I experienced. Really disappointed in the overall outcome of dining here. I couldn't give the place a half a star for some reason so I settled with one.笑
Oyshi has an amazing menu, top notch service, with a clean, and contemporary setting! We have been multiple times for lunch, and dinner with consistently great food! We will continue to make this a biweekly tradition!笑
Good sushi but recent management changes and loosing staff is hurting them.  
Service is not so good at times. 
 
Crazy. I have been posting about Oyshi since this location opened. Some very good some not good but nothing nasty. Yet Yelp took  them  down just stupid. What good is posting your opinion if you get censored and trust me I have posted stuff about other restaurants that was not nice 

 


Well real let down tonight. Can't make my favorite rolls right. Really cold in here.  Severed wrong sushi. Wish the original sushi staff would come back 




Well back to its good self.  Tasty tasty tasty.笑
Came in pretty late and was sat right away! We tend to sit at the bar because my boyfriend likes to order half rolls. The chefs were very attentive as was our server. This is my go to spot and I recommend both locations to everyone! Very clean and super fast!笑
Very good, especially for an all-you-can-eat restaurant. Sat at the sushi bar and the chefs were very helpful and entertaining.笑
Initially, I found it very odd that every review on this place was 5 stars but after eating here, I couldn't agree more! We came on a Sunday for a surprise lunch for my mom for Mother's Day (I made sure it wasn't ON the actual day so she'll be genuinely surprised. Hehe) Let me start off by saying that I've never been to the other Oyshi location so I'm not here to compare or anything like that.

So, the interior is just GORGEOUS! High ceilings, beautiful decor, bold, gorgeous color. The tables, benches and chairs are comfortable and spacious. Our hostess greeted us with a smile and our server Kyle, was just as delightful. He was so sweet and nice and accommodated us very well. Always checked up on us, with a smile every time. 

Now on to the food. Divine! I've had a lot of sushi and Japanese food, in general and this place is one of the best I've ever been to. Food quality is amazing. The fish was so fresh and sushi never broke apart (Sadly, I've been to a lot that does & it's not pleasant). Hot foods came to us really hot so we knew they were freshly cooked. I loved it!

Oh & the best part would have to be the price. AYCE lunch was $21.95. For the classiest, yummiest, Japanese food, that is inexpensive! Sushi items seemed endless so you'll have a variety on top of the kitchen items. And please, please, please, try the Green Tea Creme Brulee & Green Tiramisu. Eating them was.. love at first bite!笑
Slow service. Food is subpar nowhere near top quality sushi. Wouldn't go back.  Sumo sushi 2 waaaaaaay better笑
We came in an hour before you close and your host denied us seating . How does that make sense? That really made us upset. Ruined our night.笑
I love Oyshi, I usually go to the location off of Rainbow. The service here is a little slower than the other one and it's not as personal. But such wonderful sushi at a reasonable price of ayce.笑
Only thing that prevented me from going to the fifth star was we weren't greeted in a timely manner even though a couple of workers came to the front counter. But everything else after that was very good. 

We met Kevin, GM, and found he was a very nice gentleman. He apologized for his crew not taking care of us when we showed up. 

Kenny was our server and he was very polite and patient with us. Always accommodating and attentive. 

The food was very good from the nigiri sushi to the rolls and the ribeye. 

The place was roomy and never felt crowded or our conversations drowned out. We were able to have a discussion without having to yell. Felt comfortable there. 

Had the AYCE (all you can eat) dinner and their rules are fair and written out plainly. If you are hungry, go for the AYCE as there were a great many choices that are included. Will be back when we are in town again.笑
I love the original location. Today's service sucked. 

We came in a few months ago to try the new location again. Looking forward to uni with quail egg, we were disappointed they were out. It was incredibly cold (I know this has nothing to do with the service). 

Driving by today we decided to stop again. Got seated right away which was nice. Our server asked our drink order but by that time we were ready to order. She did not want to take our order since another customer was waiting for something. So we got our waters and waited. She came back to take our order and things already went wrong. We ordered beef tataki but got beef wrapped asparagus. Ordered another beef wrapped asparagus but got nothing. Ordered uni but they were out... again. Ordered three orders of gyoza but got two. Ordered three seaweed salads but got two. Ordered a dynamite roll and a lobster affair roll but got two lobster affair rolls. Ordered three pork belly and got one. Ordered a red dragon roll and got a regular dragon roll. The salmon nigiri was warm and did not taste fresh. We ordered the Oyshi scallops which had crab also, but when we got the order there was no scallop. I called over a food runner and sent it back. The server came back and aggressively asked us if we had ordered cooked scallops. It's like she couldn't remember anything even though she wrote it down. We said there were no scallops and she said they were chopped and mixed with the crab. It was a lie. I looked through it. Besides, no one minces scallops. 

It is unreasonable to pay more for dinner prices when they are out of items only offered for dinner, like uni. This is the third time we have been to this location and all three times they did not have uni. I will never come back.笑
Really good food!  I have been four times for lunch now.  My daughter gets the all you can eat sushi and tells me its great.  I get the bento box which has a little of everything (really like the asian skirt steak).  The tempura is really good too.  All of the sushi chefs say hello when you enter and good bye when you leave which is a nice touch.  It is a little dark inside though but most people probably like that.笑
BEST SUSHI BAR EVER. It was our first time there and I don't think I could ever go anywhere else again. Amazing sushi and the absolute best customer service I have ever had. Servers were very knowledgeable about promotions going on and made us feel so welcome. We did the Black Friday AYCE special and had 7 rolls (one of which the chef did half and half) and 2 orders of miso soup. Btw, be sure to get the J & B roll!!!!! We will absolutely be back soon. Great food, service, and atmosphere.笑
Decent all ypu can eat sushi place. Close to my house so you cant beat that I can almost walk it.笑
Hadnt been to this location yet, after I stopped going to the Rainbow location for 2 years.

Well, disappointed is all i can say. Overcooked rice, hard and dry sushi fish, overly fishy taste from uni, frozen cold amaebi fried heads... the list can go on!

You want to have a cheap $27 ayce dinner? Then this is the place. 
 
Stay away, unless you are not picky or dont care about getting sick.笑
Garlic edumame to start. Bonsai roll which includes spicy tuna roll wrapped with cajun albacore and avocado topped with garlic ponzu,  spicy tuna for my lil man and tempura udon for my mom. The Lil princess enjoyed teriyaki bento box. Love my waitress Iris, she is speedy, efficient and attentive to her customers. Thank you for a good experience.笑
So first I will say that the food is good here, but they need to be clear on the time that they close. There yelp time says open until 11:00 and they are only open until 10:00. Super inconvenient!!笑
One of my go to sushi spots for all you can eat especially since it's so close to my job and I go here for my breaks. I've never had any problems with going here , it's usually slow and somewhat empty when I come here. Service is usually good, although the last time I went we finished our plates and our server took so long to come back and was no where to be found until when she finally came back and we just ended up getting our check and left. But other than that experience, thumbs up to this place!笑
Been here twice & have loved it ! The service is awesome & so is the food. Waitress are helpful in ordering different kind of rolls.笑
A friend recommended this sushi place, the server was really nice and the sushi was quite delicious.笑
Service was good but the food is sub par at best..food prep and presentation was horrible but the real surprise was the worst shimp tempura i have ever had..this place is what happens when management chooses to not use properly trained staff to save a buck..will not be back笑
Wife called ahead for pick up order of 2 rolls and was told 10-15 minutes. I arrived 18 minutes after she hung up and was asked to take a seat at the bar by the greeter after awkwardly waiting for about a minute for anyone to even acknowledge I had come into the restaurant, not a good sign. 

No bartender and place wasn't busy, a waiter did ask if I wanted water as he handed my the bill when I sat down and I replied "it's going to take that long that I need water?" He said should only take 5-6 minutes. After sitting for 15 minutes my to go order of 2 simple rolls ended up taking a total of about 30 minutes to put together. 

Place was not busy (it was 3 pm and they had 3 sushi chefs) and I was in a big hurry (hence calling ahead) so heads up if you plan on ordering pick up, they're slow...really slow. Worst part was nobody (girl who was the "greeter", guy who took my money, person who handed me food) apologized for the wait, that would have gone a long way.笑
First time eating here. It was a Saturday around 5pm. We had AYCE sushi which was $27 per person. We ordered the sea urchin, tiger roll, rainbow roll, spider roll, shrimp tempura, hawaiian roll and some other appetizers. He sea urchin was very good - tasted very fresh. The tiger roll was also pretty good. The spider roll was a little weird - first it was cut super thin and fell apart when I would try and pick it up. Then it had bits of hard pieces. At first I thought it was rice that was dried out then I realized it was pieces of tempura batter from the shrimp which makes me think the shrimp tempura used in the roll was not fresh.  And then the rainbow roll seemed very dry for some odd reason. 

The place was clean. Service was good and I liked the fact that it wasn't super small or super crowded like many sushi places In the area.笑
The Best Oyshi spot is the one on Rainbow! I mean the atmosphere and service is nice. However, I gave this place a couple of tries since this one is close to my house BUT I rather travel to go to the one on Rainbow. The sushi is not as great here as the other. I guess maybe the cooks are different? The taste is not the same. For example, the Spicy Tuna Crunch tasted terrible. I actually tasted the fish. The one at Rainbow tastes good and spicy!笑
Really nice atmosphere, the service is friendly,  and the sushi is creative and tasty. The AYCE is a bit expensive but the variety of rolls really makes up for it. Ate there twice and would happily go back again.笑
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice? Shame on me.  I won't be back.

Love the atmosphere of this place. Has a good bar, neat little lounge area,and the sushi is decent for the price.

But I don't know if the service can be any slower. First time,restaurant half empty, took us (4 people) 30 minutes to get our first round of sushi.  After that the waitress disappeared and we didn't order the second round for another 20.

Last night there were two of us at the bar, again, the restaurant was 3/4th full.  First round of sushi came out fairly quickly, however our server Mono disappeared time after time as we sat there with no food, or empty glasses.

Lousy.  I guess it's my fault for thinking a second chance was needed.  Taking my business elsewhere.笑
I really liked it here, but I came today with my brother and sister in law. HORRIBLE. HORRIBLE. The amaebi was literally spoiled and the oysters cannot even be classified as oysters. I understand if the food is not good, it is not the servers' fault. But lack of service when the place is not really busy is their own thing. My sister in law's soda glass was literally empty for a good 15 minutes. No servers are walking around, checking on us. We had to practically beg for the attention of the servers. We feel sick due to the food, but the service was just literally lagging. I will not come again. Sorry, Oyshi.笑
Love the food , the service is good , great atmosphere, really good Japanese lasagna...笑
Not the first time being at Oyishi but after today this will be my last.  We were seated within five minutes of our arrival; however we had to ask for service after waiting 25 minutes. The waitress who was assigned to our table was very pleasant and apologetic.  We placed our orders but people  from  our party did not receive their complete  sushi order for 2hrs. The waitress again was apologetic and placed it  on rush.  The one star is for this waitress if it wasn't for her we would have walked out.笑
A little above the average sushi places in Vegas, if you want somewhere good to eat but don't wanna pay overpriced then I would recommend Oyshi笑
Went there for AYCE at 5:30 and it was still happy hour pricing.  Nice fish to rice ratio and excellent service. Highly recommend!笑
Had a mini reunion of friends and chose Oishi Sushi.
Gave it 4 stars because of customer service!  Our little waitress was amazing & all the gals & 1 male server there, for that matter!   Food was pretty good...but customer service brought it to 4 stars & I never rate 5 stars!笑
Love the service and the sushi. We enjoyed the atmosphere and the extensive sushi menu.笑
Best AYCE in Vegas for low carb.  Rib eye appetizer and Sibuya not fried.  Keep them coming!!!!  Great service too and the best sushi chef Pedro!!!!笑
Best Sushi in town and the staff are super nice! Service is always on point and the food is delicious! Can't wait to go back again for all you can eat next cheat meal!!笑
Thought we would finally try out Oyshi since we were in the area and had heard such great reviews. Upon entering the place was fairly quiet with the exception of a screaming child, no big deal, and the normal chatter of customers. We came in around 1 on a Saturday and it wasn't very busy and we were seated right away. We put in an order for the AYCE almost immediately and began waiting. It was nearly 25 minutes before we received our first things, we were told the kitchen was backed up, yet when we got our food the calamari was cold, flavorless, and rubbery. My baked roll was cold. When I asked the server if it was supposed to be at least warm, I was given the run around and he finally said it had been sitting while waiting for the other things to finish and that he could get me a new one but it'd be another 20 minutes! I agree and when 20 minutes came it was just as cold as the first time. The manager didn't seem to care and almost everyone else was getting their food in a timely manner except for us. In total we ordered 5 rolls and 1 appetizer (3 of the rolls and the appetizer being ordered in the first 5 minutes of being there) and that was in the span of an hour and a half. even after all that we were given a half ass sorry from the manager and still paid full price. This place is completely over rated and I will stick with a different sushi restaurant that is more reliable and friendly. Too bad because the place was nicely decorated but that's about as far as it went.笑
Don't ever go with party of 8 or more! The service is terrible! They don't clean the table during the meal! Service is bad they have 1 waiter taking care a large party.笑
The only AYCE sushi I've tried in Vegas but the best AYCE sushi place I've ever been to ($22 for lunch). What I love about this place is the menu isn't limited to a certain AYCE menu. You can order anything off the menu with the exception of sashimi but that's about it. You can tell the seafood is super fresh/prepared perfectly. You can have one dessert per person per AYCE so we tried the green tea berry parfait & the green tea creme brûlée. Absolute heaven. 

Service was on point with no complaints at all. 

Every item we tried was delicious & we will definitely be back M-F between 3:30 - 5:30pm for 20% off AYCE Happy Hour!笑
The food is very good. 

Where the hell is the staff? We came Friday night, place was busy, service was spot on. We enjoyed it so much brought my in laws on Sunday. What happened in 2 days? This is awful. I can't tell if they're understaffed or if the staff is lousy. One waitress who seems to be busting ass, but she's not our server. Our server is nowhere to be found. 

We waited so long in fact that the manager took our order when he checked on us. I'm writing this at the table still waiting. My wife just turned to me and said we're never coming back. Nobody even stops to see how we're doing. It's a real shame. Nice restaurant good food bad service. If you don't treat your customers better soon you won't have any customers to worry about.

Oh 10 minutes to write post, finally walked out to find someone. The waitress who was hustling filled waters took order apologize, but another 10 minutes and still waiting. Arrived 1:50, it's 3:40. It's just a painful lunch.笑
I love this place. First time here and it's now my "go-to" sushi spot. Our chefs were John and Curtis. We had all you can eat at the sushi bar and we had great conversations. Every Tuesday, is sushi day. Along with our favorite chefs.

Thanks for the great service!笑
Sizzling steak plate was delicious! gyoza is done really well too. Nice environment, like the decor!笑
Pretty amazing. I feel like we got special treatment because we said we had never been - which was true. But they really take the time to make sure you're happy. Green tiramisu is amazing. The green tea ice cream was fabulous! The prices were even better! Would definitely recommend笑
Such slow service! There were 6 empty tables and we waited 20 minutes just to get seated. On top of that we had to wait another 15 minutes for someone to come get our order. And when our server finally got to us, she stopped us abruptly and we didn't even finish ordering. Horrible service.笑
My wife loves to take me to eat sushi but she hates sea food, so it's really hard to find a place that serves all you can eat sushi and a good non sushi menu.  

The menu was so large, I would definitely  have to come back to try their other signature rolls. Our server Sharon  Shen was very nice she made sure to check our tables for more orders or refills and even though she was busy with other tables she still had time to make small talk. 

My wife got grilled beef asparagus she wasn't sure if this place had anything she might like so she ate before we came.  That's what we usually do and then she just gets appetizers but to our surprise Oyshi  Sushi  had a decent variety of things for her to choose from.  (Good to know for Next time)笑
It was alright. Still think YAMA sushi is the best. Too many rules here. Didn't like how there's a limit on baked mussels and desserts!!!! And how you can't order half rolls. There ahi poke salad sucked and barely had any fish in it. Most likely won't be back.笑
Tried their AYCE. ($22 for lunch) 
Pros:
All sushi and appetizer were very delicious. 
Service was great. 
Loved their interior design. 

Cons:
Sunomono supposed be a vinaigrette salad, but, their sunomono was different... (shredded cucumber with creamy sesame sauce???)
Hot tea wasn't free, but, you get a teapot.

Definitely be back.笑
The only place I go to get sushi. Such high quality for ayce. They play good music and have excellent service every time I come here.笑
Used to be one of my favorite spots. Really disappointed in the service. Our food came before we even had a place setting or utensils etc, ordered all you can eat and our waitress only came around that first time to take our order. They are incapable of handling a busy crowd, I would highly recommend going to the rainbow location. I have given this particular location 3 tries hoping it would be better and they prove me wrong each time.笑
IF I COULD GIVE THEM MINUS STARS, THEN I WOULD GIVE THEM MINUS 5 STARS.
I went OYSHI SUSHI tonight. I been here few times before and I enjoyed pretty much. However, today? NOT AT ALL. 

It was very normal and nice at the beginning of our dinner. 
We stared with miso soup and seaweed salad and some other appetizers. Then we ordered some sushi and the first problem was started with sushi. Their sushi was too many rice with fish. I could not think about taking a picture but it seems like 'Oh you guys will have AYCE? then I will make you not to eat too much.' for me. I wasn't sure whether I order sushi or rice.  

Then we ordered 2 kinds of rolls and another seaweed salad during eating it. As you can see in other people's reviews, this place's services sometimes very slow. I expected that seaweed salad can be served right a way because they do not have to cook. We called our server and he just said it will be coming so no rush. Then the seaweed salad came out when we are almost done. You know, seaweed salad is just salad and probably most people eat seaweed salad with other main dishes. That time, we were almost finished so we couldn't finish our seaweed salad. 

And finally, we asked for check and told our server that we are all finished. Then he said that he has to charge for leftovers which were 2 peices of roll and seaweed salad. And it will be the normal price, $8, which is regular price for the roll and $5 for seaweed salad. I knew there are leftover charges but I didn't know that they will charge the normal prices. Isn't that means we can take out leftovers when we charge normal prices? But it was also fine. I knew I have to pay for the leftovers because it is AYCE so I said okay we will pay. And he brought check with only extra $5 for seaweed salad. Okay I appreciate with it.

We were disappointed with sushi, slow service, and leftover charge. Then we pay the tip only $1. I know it is kinda rude, but today, I didn't really want to tip them. Then we came out from OYSHI SUSHI. 

THE REAL PROBLEM IS THIS. GUESS WHAT. 
OUR SERVER FOLLOWED US AND STARTED TO YELL AT US AND SAID F**KING A** HOLE, F**K YOU AND KEEP SWEAR AT US

Before that, we thought today was not really good so we should come again and enjoy our meal but once we hear that the server yelling and swear at us, I thought  tip him $1 was execellent choice. 

I know it is not really manner put $1 for tip. But what kind of manner is that? Even though he was upset with us that we put a dollar for tip, that does not mean that he should say FU*K YOU AT CUSTOMERS. MC.DONALD'S WILL HAVE BETTER SERVICE THAN THAT!!!!!!!!!
May be he wants too, I WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK THERE WITH PAYING 26-27 DOLLARS TO GET THE WORD FU*K.笑
Decent all you can eat sushi in Las Vegas. Place seems cool but it seems as they have no decor.

Food was good, many options to choose from. Waited about 30 minutes without a reservation and the staff was helpful.

With many all you can eat places especially in sushi in this town this place was okay.笑
Went here with my girlfriends and it was a great place. The environment was great the serves was great and the sushi was great! If you don't eat sushi they have some yummy entrees! We went at 6 pm and it wasn't too busy but as the night went on it got busier ! Keep that in mind !笑
This location is bigger and nicer than the one on Rainbow, I believe it is newer too. Came here with a friend for AYCE lunch. Lunch price is $23 or $24 and dinner is $27 if I remembered correctly Dinner price comes with oysters, uni, and sweet shrimp. We came in right when they opened, we were the first table for the day. Not sure what was going on but the hostess was not having it, she was not friendly and seemed annoyed having to seat us. She also helped ran food to our table and same attitude, grumpy and not happy, made us feel uncomfortable. 

Our server was very nice, made recommendations and our drinks were constantly re-filled throughout our meal. 

They have nice variety of rolls, lot of appetizers and other dishes you can order as part of your AYCE which is great. Rolls were pretty good, some better than others but overall I had a satisfied meal. 

I have been to other places where the dinner price was lower and it comes with oysters, uni and sweet shrimp. $27 is pretty expensive for AYCE, especially since there are so many other AYCE places that offer similar options. 

Overall, it was nice to try the place since my friend comes here all the time and she wanted me to try it out, but it wasn't as great of an experience for me. The hostess was the first turn off, and although the food was good I can go elsewhere for similar items but a little cheaper.笑
I find myself at this location often because of its proximity to my office. It's a pretty decent place. I adore the friendly staff here and the ambiance. It's definitely a nice location. The fish to rice ratio is decent but not great. They tend to be a hit or miss location. I've had days where it was all on point and I've eaten till I was gonna burst because everything was perfect. Then I've had days where the rice has been purely terrible. Just hard and tasting like it's been left out for awhile. Because of this inconsistency in terms of their food quality is why I would only give them 3 stars. Great happy hour specials however. The sake deals are on point. They have the space for large groups but still the consistency is their weak spot.笑
The all you can eat is very well priced. I got a hand roll and one specialty roll and my bill was 21 bucks so for 6 more dollars I could have stuffed myself. Spicy tuna and avocado can be hit or miss two days ago it was perfect and beautiful. Today the spicy tuna was ridiculously hot and the avocado was brown. The specialty rolls are definitely not the combinations that I typically prefer. (But they do allow custom orders with AYCE). Kinda like they are trying to hard to be different. The baked mussels are the business. The mojito was awful. This was close to home we will be back to try more stuff.笑
We ended up leaving without eating. Walked in and stood at the hostess area with no hostess. A server acknowledged us and then a few minutes later another server slowly came over and slowly as though she were drunk or had no idea what to do with us started gathering Menus.  She took us to the upper section where nobody was sitting.  I've had a bad experience with service here so we were weary to sit up there.  We asked if we could sit in another section and I guess that was an inconvenience.  We ended up leaving.  They weren't friendly at all.  They were even laughing at us when we left! I don't care if the food is good! I'll never spend my money there again!笑
Absolutely one of our favorite spots in town. So glad that they opened another location. Seems to be far more spacious than the Rainbow location. We went last night (Saturday) for dinner and there was no wait. You know how rare this is if you've ever been to the original.

Food was awesome as usual. Tastes so fresh. Every time I take someone new I love when it hits them that "ohhh.... so THIS is what good sushi tastes like!" Took full advantage of the AYCE offer. From the spicy heart attack, to the savory dynamite... it's all good. 

Get there soon... before it becomes as popular as the first locations and you find yourself waiting an hour plus to be seated.笑
Love this spot. Everyone is super cool even if you want to hang out for a while. They play good music and it's not crazy loud or packed like the first spot. I like the steak bites and hot tamale roll. Try to Japanese garlic lasagna too. If you like a lil spiciness ask for spicy maniac sauce. I dip everything in it! Don't forget to ask for Kenny! Best server in Las Vegas!笑
Great service, great food best describes this place, and you cant beat the all you can eat special. When you're here try the nuclear bomb,  yellow tail sashimi,  and the screaming orgasm. I gotta give a special thanks to Vince for such great service.笑
So happy my friend brought me to this place. For an AYCE place I actually Loved everything I ordered. From uni to rib eyes n everything in between...it was delicious. Great price, food, and especially the service. Definitely will be back n this place is highly recommended!笑
At Oyshi right now and been waiting for my miso soup for easily 20 minutes. Terrible service already. Let's wait for the food and see how it taste. First time at Oyshi. Maybe last?笑
Good service whenever my family of six go we always get seated quickly and served right away. Most of the servers are nice there was this one time when one of them was rude but besides that its always calm ,friendly ,and yummy place.笑
This place has all you can eat and put so much rice on each item.  Fish is not really fresh either and they use very lower quality fish.
Also the server is not professional, they take away the plates we are still working on!
Very rude server and very rude service!
Very unpleasant experience!

A server even touched the food with his thumb when he served! Very disgusting!
Obviously, the server did care about the  business! She is there to warn people about the rice left. 
I just dont go back and tell people not to go here!笑
So good! Great service from Kenny.  AYCE is so worth it just try all the rolls first so you have room for all of them.  Come in before 6 pm to avoid the crowd :).  Green tea tiramisu is pretty good.笑
They say the gems are found outside the strip and this is def a Gem for the locals. All you can eat fresh suchi and menu..... Oh man. Delicious笑
I've had a lot better sushi than here at Oyshi. The rolls were a little sloppy and so was the information on the food we ordered. It didn't quite meet our expectations, but left me full. Service here is pretty sad. Best part of this place is the ambiance, but the music is killing it. Excited to get the check and leave. No plans on coming back to this location...笑
Worst service ever.  Just because we had a big party and gratuity is automatically on the bill, doesn't mean you treat the customers with the worst service. Where shall I begin. First it took us 30 minutes just to get water for a party of 15.  Second, when they bring out the orders they just place it on the corner of the table nearest to their entry and expect us to sort it out to whoever ordered it. Third, they just keep doing that and expect us to make room on the table instead of cleaning out our table which was a total mess because of all the empty plates on the table.  Did runners were rude. Just the worst I have ever seen compared to our other parties we had at sushi spots.  I feel our gratuity shouldn't have been automatically added after that service. Stay away from this place is you got a party.笑
We came here at 9 pm on a Sunday for dinner. The restaurant was not busy, we were sat fairly quickly. Our waiter waited until our entire party was present before checking to see if we wanted to order. By the time we ordered and food was starting to come out, we were told that it was last call at 9:45 (they close at 10:30). I fm felt rushed and pressure to order more food to make sure I got my money's worth for AYCE. The rest of our food including dessert came out and by 10:15 the staff was mopping and cleaning around us. There were still at least 6 tables still eating while employees were rushing around trying to close up for the night. 

I find this extremely unprofessional and terrible for service. Even though the food was good, I felt that I didn't enjoy it because I felt rushed. It was pretty clear that the patrons were being kicked out, the closer it got to 10:30, the more unwelcome I felt. 

This location gets 2 stars only because the food is good but the service is horrendous.笑
My boyfriend and I go to the Rainbow location pretty often but we saw there was another location and wanted to try it out. When we got there we were seated pretty quickly, but it took a while for the waitress to acknowledge us and take our order after that point. The food was delicious as always, but the service could have been better. We will stick to the Rainbow location in the future.笑
I'd give this place 6 stars if I could. 

This is always our go to spot for sushi. The menu has a large selection of sushi that is made to order. So many rolls you have to go multiple times to try them all.  There is also 2 pages of just appetizers that come with the all you can eat.  Theres also an a la carte menu for the not so hungry.  Fish is always fresh!!!!

 If you sit at the sushi bar you can order "half rolls" which is great for lunch. The chefs are awesome too.

Service is always impeccable. We love Kenny. Hes always attentive and making sure we are happy. 

Favorite rolls are the Spicy Tuna Crunch and the Yellowstone.笑
AYCE sushi is equivalent to the happiest place on earth for me. I can't believe this was my first time here because they have so many appetizer, nigiri, and roll options. I'm seriously so impressed! 

Sushi: great quality seafood. The fish to rice ratio is fair and not as generous as Sushi Neko, but the quality makes up for it. I tried the salmon, tuna, fresh scallop (A MUST), sweet shrimp, uni, oysters, and eel. Their appetizers are the best I've ever had at an AYCE sushi restaurant. I had ahi poke, shrimp tempura (crunchy on the outside and juicy on the inside), and mussels. The mussels were the worse because it wasn't creamy or flavorful enough. 

Desserts: AMAZING! They have more than your usual ice creams and mochi ice creams, like a variety of creme brûlées, tiramisu, etc. The green tea creme brûlée was more like a flavored whip cream in my opinion; I like mine more thick and creamy but still sweet and good nonetheless. 

Service: Kenny was our server and he was fantastic. It was super busy when we came in, but he still found time to be attentive and catered to us. He made conversation, suggestions when we were hesitant and deciding on what to order, and my favorite items were from his recommendations. Thanks for not judging me when I ordered like 10 items as my first order lol. 

Overall: Oyshi is on my top 5 AYCE sushi restaurants. I can't complain with great service and quality fish. I'll definitely be back!笑
Ate today 1/10/16 at lunch with Chef Eth (sp?). AMAZING! My absolute favorite sushi spot. Clean, fresh fish and great service. Chef Eth went above and beyond and created sushi for me that was not on the menu, and everything came out beautifully, artistically, and delicious. Best sushi in Vegas. Thank you, Oyshi!!笑
went back recently and their service improved drsmatically.  they had mgrs/owners on duty over seeing the staff and coaching them on the spot.  my server was new but better than previous ones.  will go back soon for their awesome food.笑
The menu doesn't list the ingredients in the rolls. It might say tuna roll but doesn't say tuna and what. Like avocado or. Maybe it's just fish and rice. I don't know. The menu also doesn't designate what is spicy. I stopped in for take out. But couldn't get anyone to help me and the menu didn't give enough information so I left.笑
We always go eat sushi here on dinner time and they always serve good but this time we Went on happy hour 3 pm to 5pm and they serve food really low quality. You can barely see fish on it. I order dragon roll and eel on top was so tiny and cucumber salad looks nasty n messy . All the sushi we order came with big chunk of rice. I guess they serve happy hrs like that coz it's 20% off from regular price. And other things i notice is once you put 2nd round sushi order they alway put more rice and less fish. Disappointed笑
This is our go-to place for sushi. The AYCE is such a great value, especially during lunch. We love the nigiri sushi, ahi poke, shrimp tempura and their desserts. Their rolls are usually pretty good but I usually go with my husband and he's not big on rolls so it's harder to finish it on my own. The nigiri sushi allows us to order more variety. Their cocktails are also really good. They have cocktail specials during the week. They're also known for their sizzling platters.笑
Great fresh food! The wasabi was even super fresh ! The bento lunch special was a big portion and very tasty. I ordered the 3 hand tool special. A special note the yum yum scallops are actually a mix of mostly crab meat and a few scallops. So specify if you are looking for just scallops. Everything was delicious and the service was good too!笑
The best sushi and value in Las Vegas. I highly recommend if you love great sushi and good service.笑
Sushi is great but service is bad never asked to refill my water. 30min just to find my waiter to order and another 30min to get my sushi.笑
Been coming here for about a year already and the sushi is still bomb!! Usually sushi places fall off once they become more popular but not here! Definitely recommend it, also they have a great verity of amazing appetizers.笑
Everything was delicious. Clean and staff are super helpful and awesome. Their double screaming roll stupidly awesome, along with their tasty deserts like green tea crème brulee. Its a must go to for the best sushi in Vegas!!笑
I hate saying the word "date".  I prefer meet & greet. He was already seated at a table but I preferred the bar as usual when I'm in Sashimi mode.  Cool, noisy place, lots of energy!  Spacious table setting for groups and can be romantic.  The waiter was so attentive!  The chef I think was eavesdropping at our conversation lol I ordered a big bottle of sake then seaweed salad - EXCELLENT - usually I share so I have room for the real stuff. To die for sashimi platter  - red snapper, albacore ( wished they had Blue Fin), Spanish Mackerel.  Nice almost perfect sliced pieces. Lots of interesting conversation in between...more Sake.  Finally I offered sake to the Chef which I often do when I'm seated at the bar solo. He accepted and we toasted Kampai. The Piece de resistance to top off my already overstuffed belly - Unagi w avocado hand roll - moist not drenched in sauce.  Not too sweet and seaweed wrap just perfect & crisp for biting into!   I walked away with one of the best meals & company I've had in a long time!  Go and experience it for yourself!笑
I'm a HUGE sushi guy. So much so that spending over $150 isn't out of the question for some legitimately good fish.

I came here at the suggestion of my friend who had previously enjoyed it. The decor is very hip and showed a strong traditional Japanese aesthetic. An eclectic mix of hip hop was playing in the background. 

So far so good....

Now here's where things went down hill. My friend and I ordered our rolls and appetizers. Soon after the waitress left our waiter arrived with our edamame. I politely asked her if I could get an extra pair of chopsticks. It technically wasn't an extra pair as I never received a pair but no biggie right? Wrong! The server was rude and asked me if I was sure. As if I had reason to lie. Dude, I don't have utensils, who cares if I got a pair or not, give me an extra pair. 

Apparently though asking me if I was sure wasn't enough. She looked under my menu and all over my plates to see if I hadn't "misplaced" my chopsticks. This left a bad taste in my mouth. It would have been more polite, expedient and professional to simply give me an extra pair. I swear I'm not stealing your sticks lady!

Another point that rubbed me the wrong way was the fact that in the 30+ minutes we were there I only got a refill on my drink during the last 3 minutes of our stay. That kind of sucked. 

The food was ok. The mussels were pretty good. The reason I'm not knocking this place down to a 2 star review is because the food wasn't horrible ans because our original server, who I can only imagine 'sensed' we weren't having the best experience, tried her best to save the night. Too little, too late. Although I do appreciate the effort. You rocked.

Doubt I'll be back. If you want good AYCE sushi go to Goyemon. If you want really, really good a la carte sushi go to Yummy Sushi Grill off or lake mead and the 95.

Final word: exiting the restaurant i couldn't help but notice their B health rating. Now B isn't bad but an A is the standard and pretty much expected of any restaurant. If I could I'd give this place a 2.5/5.笑
To all my fellow sushi lovers. Listen to the reviews that say the sushi is mediocre. Nice restaraunt nice staff but for the sushi I won't be back to this place. Hope you guys listen and don't do what I did and find out on your own.笑
Been going here since they opened. Best all you can eat sushi in Vegas.  Prepared to order and too many favorites to list. If you want to explore a large variety of tasty items this is the spot. I make it a point to visit at least once a month and never disappointed.笑
The best sushi place in the Las Vegas area.  If you are staying on the strip, come to this all-you can eat place and you will have a great experience.  PS... sit in Pedros section
... the best!笑
Best sushi place so far for AYCE! Service is fast and fish isn't dry like at sushi kaya. We went on a busy day too and the waiters and waitresses were constantly quick with delivering our dishes and putting in orders.笑
I'm a sushi lover and it's hard to find good perfect really sushi but this sushi place is amazing !!!!!!! Everyhting has so much flavor and very inexpensive笑
I've been here NUMEROUS times with my family and friends and has always received good service.  Finally had a chance to take my sister out for sushi for her belated birthday.  We could of gone to our favorite place Naked Fish but they don't have AYCE and I wanted to take my sister to a place she never been.

Get there around 7pm.... Its not busy so I figure PERFECT even better don't have to wait for table or probably wait long for our food.... WRONG!!!!!!!  They sat us down but we wanted a lil more quiet area so we can catch up.  Asked to sit at the table where I always sit with my family.  That corner table was like a fridge!!!!  My sis asked to see if they can turn off vents above us or do something, the woman server said its just the fan only and will have it lowered.   .... Said we will both have AYCE and that it was my sisters 1st time here so she showed her menu and what was not part of the AYCE.  We ordered 3 order of shrimp tempura n poke and other items.  Got the items but no poke n tempura... Place our 2nd round order and questioned where is the surf n turf, tempura n poke....." Oh its coming "..... Asked Manager for another beer with 2 cold glasses n again stated we waiting on 2 surf n turf.... Finally he brings it out NOT SIZZLING n not hot!!  While other table in corner has there's coming out sizzling n smoking??!!!!!  My sis looked at me like WTF??!!!!  ALL DURING THIS TIME ITS STILL COLD AS F**K AND OUR FOOD WAS GETTING COLD BY THE SECOND!!!!!  Ask server in jokingly way if there's a jacket or blanket since its still cold.... She said I'll tell them to lower the fan.  Ummmm weren't u suppose to do that when we 1st sat down????  ..... Placed 3rd round, asked BTW we still waiting on our shrimp tempura and poke!!...... FINALLY GOT IT but only 2 orders of shrimp tempura!  At this time we were cold AF so stepped out to warm up.  Came back in and server said we turned off the fan for you.  ????.... After fact we sat here over an hour?????  So we order dessert vanilla creme brulé which was good but we were still cold AF!!  Fan stop but a/c still felt like it was blasting only on us??!!!  NEVER have I ate there in that same spot and was that cold nor felt any type of draft on me!!!  .... By this time I was furious since we had to ask numerous times for our food plus while placing our order there was a long period of time to receive our food and let me remind you IT'S SLOOOOOOW!!!!!!   It been busier before and I had better service!  ......

 Wrote a note on my receipt and HAND DELIVERED TO THE MANAGER!  NOW LET ME SAY THIS, I'VE DEALT WITH HIM TWICE PRIOR TO THIS HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE AND HE WAS NICE AND VERY SOCIAL MAKING SURE WE WERE HAPPY WITH OUR EXPERIENCE THERE.  "THIS TIME" HE HAD AN ATTITUDE OF A DEBBIE DOWNER IDGAF ATTITUDE!!  NEVER ONCE SMILED OR ASK HOW'S THINGS GOING..... WHEN I PERSONALLY GAVE HIM MY TAB AND SAID THERE'S A NOTE IN IT ALL I GOT WAS A "OK"?!!!!  WHAT A POOR SORRY UNPROFESSIONAL MANAGER TO HAVE AT A RESTAURANT!  WHERE'S YOUR CUSTOMER SERVICE SKILLS????  NEVER BOTHERED TO ASK A QUESTION OR TRY TO RECTIFY THE HORRIBLE EMBARRASSING SERVICE WE RECEIVE AND IN FACT THAT I RAVED ABOUT THIS PLACE ON THE WAY THERE TO MY SISTER TO ONLY BE ASHAMED I TOOK HER THERE!!!  ..... EVERYONE ASKED WHY I EVEN BOTHERED TO TIP??!!!!  I GAVE 15% TIP IN SPITE OF THE HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!!.....  NEVER COMING BACK NOR WILL I EVER RECOMMEND THIS PLACE!!!!  AFTER SPEAKING WITH SEVERAL OF MY COWORKERS AND FRIENDS, MAJORITY ALL SAID THEY STOP GOING THERE BECAUSE OF TERRIBLE SERVICE!!!!  NEVER AGAIN!!!笑
My husband and I decided to come over to Oyshi for a bite to eat while our car was being serviced across the street.
We sat at the sushi bar and we were happily surprised to see a sushi chef we knew from another spot, years back....... so, he knew what we were looking for, we are not the typical AYCE customers...... I prefer quality to quantity!!!!!
The Mu sake is one of our favorites. The perfect compliment to good sushi! So that set us off to the perfect start!
I will say that if you are into the AYCE sushi.... this is probably a great spot for you, they have a huge selection of rolls, sushi, appetizers, and I was pretty impressed when I saw the final bill.

Me personally, I appreciated the selection of fresh fish and the chef guided us in the right direction every step of the way.笑
Excellent sushi place. Food is great with a very good selection of rolls. It is an all you can eat . My favorite rolls are love affaire / dynamite roll / tiger roll / volcano.Kevin the manager is very friendly and professional. Always takes really good care of us. Try to call to book before coming because they are very busy on the week end.笑
Oyshi was my favorite sushi location and having another location was such a great news for me! However, my experience at the Sahara location is so bad I was impelled to write this review! Tho the ambiance was nicer than the rainbow location, the customer service here is HORRIBLE! They are so slow! To make it much worse the male manager gives you a rude vibe. Boy, he needs some serious customer service training. I was gonna just ignore it thinking he might just be having a bad day, but the next few times our family came back he couldn't be more ruder(if there's such a word) 

Anyway, I promised myself  I will never set foot in that location again! I love Oyshi so I will be loyal to the rainbow location only! 

They just lost my business!笑
Only reason they don't get a zero stars is because there is no option for it... Manager and chefs are horrible.. Ordered a salmon and avocado roll as well as seared tuna.. The salmon avocado had minimal to no avocado in it.. And the tuna was regular not seared Some of the pieces you couldn't even see the avocado in it.  We sent it back and witnessed one of the sushi chefs argue with his manager insisting he wouldn't remake it.. After like 5 more minutes of arguing with his manager in front of customers he reluctantly remade the roll but then proceeded to stare me and my date down from behind the counter.  Naturally I had had enough and summoned the manager.  Manager seemed more bothered than actually concerned on making it right and made no effort. He pretty much stood up for the chef that had previously been arguing with him.  He said that managers arguing with their employees is "typical restaurant environment" This is a complete disappointment as we are regular oyshi 1 customers, the other location and service and food is great.笑
Best sushi in town!!
Andree was great, great service and friendly.
AYCE deal super worth it!
My girlfriend and I just love this place!!!笑
I would have to agree with the other reviewers that this place is really decent. I am not a raw fish fan, so AYCE was used up on a lot of cooked items that were all fantastic. The service was extremely friendly from our initial greeting to our exit. The location is very large with a modern appeal, and very clean.

The server was a very friendly and provided great service -- I think her name was Jamee...笑
We visited the place last night. The restaurant is nice and spacious and the host greeted us well when we walked in. I was immediately disappointed though when I was told hamachi isn't part of the AYCE. Other places offer them with limit one per customer. The waiter was okay, not too friendly. He asked for our drinks and gave us time to think about our first order. We didn't get our own plates though until we asked for it after appetizers. I would think that should be automatic along with the ginger and wasabi on a japanese restaurant.笑
It's  never a miss. I love this place. The food is always great the service is always on point. I love that they have a new location its a little closer to me. There new location is really beautiful, nice an open much bigger笑
We have been to this location several times and it has been several different Sushi places. I really enjoyed the Nuclear Bomb roll the most. All of the rolls we tried were decent. Really good place to do all you can eat. We did have trouble three times of them trying to bring us the wrong roll.笑
Food quality is not bad but they got the worst customer service. The server i had was so rude and doesn't even know how to make recommendation. I usually give 20% tip for server but this time i only gave tips to sushi chef because the server i had doesn't deserve to get ANY tips. I am not coming back笑
Came here on Super Bowl Sunday with some family for a late lunch (around 2pm) so it wasn't that busy. I heard good things about this place so I was eager to try. I loved the modern, spacious atmosphere inside. Our waiter (Ray) was very courteous and overall service was nothing to complain about. I went for the AYCE and was not disappointed. For nigiri I got several orders of salmon and halibut. I can't describe how fresh it all tasted. The sashimi just melted in my mouth which I can't say has happened before so I knew this place was the real deal. I also got the salmon avocado hand roll which was also quite good. The last thing I got was the Yellowtail Trio roll which also tasted very fresh and flavorful. Of course I couldn't leave without dessert so I got the green tea creme brulee. Definitely coming back to try more dishes!笑
This is the only Sushi place I come to. I've tried a lot of sushi places in Las Vegas, but it's hard to find a place that tastes like it's right on the coast. I'm very picky about quality when it comes to sushi, it's not like a burger where you can deal with it being mediocre. I started coming to this place about three years ago when it was operating under another name, but it's always had the same great quality and taste. 
 One thing I will say I did not like before was the service. It seemed like they didn't assign a server to your table, so you would just have all these confused servers asking you what you wanted, or needed, and having your order come out with occasional mistakes, and the constant interruption of people not knowing when you were last checked on. It's gotten much better over the years and I can see business has picked up a lot. 
  I always tell my friends from out of town to try this place instead of somewhere on the strip which costs 3x as much. 
  To whom it may concern: keep up the great work in the kitchen, and focus on a more personalized floor experience. We don't want to have 5 servers for our table, just one really good one. Thanks for all the great food, we'll be seeing you.笑
This is my second time here and my last. I've been eating sushi for over 14 years and this is a small step above supermarket quality. To judge sushi I base it off of its simplest form, nigiri.  2 components, rice and fish. None of the fish here tastes fresh and the rice is so dry that it gives the nigiri a weird texture. It's almost as the rice is undercooked and underseasoned.  

The rolls are weird and although imaganitive, unappetizing. The combinations don't go together and don't sound like they would.  Who wants mushroom and asparagus in their sushi????

Bottom line is if you want real sushi, don't come here.  If you're with a group of people and looking for a place that will have something for everyone then go ahead and make a mistake and come here.  If I ever have to come back with my friends I won't be eating.笑
Food was great but service was a little strange. You don't order your food from the sushi chef you have to order from the waitress. Also we ordered 3 rolls and some sushi, you would think the sushi comes out first? But they brought out all the rolls and forgot about the sushi until we mentioned we never got it. Overall they're fish quality was great, everything tasted fresh and not fishy :) will be back and they're AYCE is a great deal with a lot of selection :)笑
The restaurant is styled really cool, it has a few different styles but not too much going on. While having an open floor plan but still having your privacy In-between each table. Our waiter was awesome and super laid back. We got along right off the bat and he was able to tell the bartender to make a whiskey sour although It wasn't on the drink menu. The waiters name is Kenny, he was really understanding after the over servers brought out the wrong food, and forgot to bring out some of the rolls we ordered. He was willing to not include it on the bill on his behalf, with no questions or hassle making us feel really relieved that we didn't have to try and finish these extra rolls that we didn't like nor order. Don't get me wrong the food is amazing, but there are some things I'm not interested in but every time I come I'm never disappointed in what I order.笑
Amazing beyond belief!!! My third visit here was on Valentine's Day and I can't tell you how impeccable their service was and how delicious their unique creations were!! Never thought It'd be possible to feel like a queen choosing to go solo. Oyshi chefs never disappoint and their AYCE is the best from anywhere I've been to across dozens of states and countries笑
I'm so glad this location is open! I love Oyshi and this one is so much better than the one on rainbow! The service alone makes it a million times better. Best AYCE menu by far! Lots of options for the non sushi eaters as well (aka my boyfriend) it's still new so it's pretty slow but it's better than be neglected by servers at the one on rainbow!笑
So food was decent but our server ( fat dude with a beard ) was the slowest server i ever had. I wanted to order so i called him and he said just one second, after 20 minutes i had to call him again. He even walks slow. I understand that it was busy but him not coming and walking slow makes me never want to come back here. I wish i had a different server. If anybody is reading this and coming here, make sure to avoid the table he is serving. I hope the management take action.笑
I have a love/hate relationship with this place. LOVE their AYCE menu, but I hate how I have gotten an upset stomach not once but twice after eating here. Last time we came here they had a C health department rating and we didn't notice it until we left- and these are suppose to be properly displayed not next to the door where you can only see once you are leaving. 
I will probably still come back every now and then but ever since getting sick twice I just feel like I should probably find another sushi place near my house. The servers are okay, I have only had one server that was attentive the rest usually just stop by every now and then or whenever you wave them down-- which would be understandable on busy nights but I have only ever been there after dinner rushes.笑
If you work late or decide to crave sushi last minute, I highly suggest you DO NOT GO TO THIS LOCATION. The Sahara location has a tendency to close over an hour before their closing time. This has happened to me on 3/3 occasions when I've arrived there around 9:45pm (even though their closing time is 11pm on weekdays). I'll walk in, then they'll tell me they're already cleaning so we can't eat there. Just avoid this hassle and go straight to the Rainbow location. The food there is the same and the staff at the Rainbow location is excellent!!笑
Always great service and great food. There's a wide variety of food to choose from. The love affair is one of my all time favorite rolls. The atmosphere is always friendly and clean. One of my favorite places to have sushi in Vegas! Highly recommend!笑
This place is my favorite AYCE Sushi in Las Vegas. The quality of fish and the execution is excellent and always consistent. I go there for the Hamachi and fresh Scallop Nigiri and the Nuclear Bomb specialty roll. This is a great place for small or large groups, business or casual. This place is great for lunch, but dinner is where they shine. Check out the items exclusive to dinner only, all are excellent!笑
I decided to eat here with the family because of a friend's recommendation. All their nigiri items look and tasted fresh. My brother and I usually get the Uni to further test their seafood quality. We even tried their oysters (we usually don't) and they are very good as well. They also have an extensive menu and even offer uncommon items like Nattō (fermented soybeans). The service was excellent; i think this was partly because they thought we were new to AYCE dining. Overall a solid sushi spot for AYCE.笑
LISTEN HERE DAVID!!! I frequently frequent your fine establishment and find it to be fantastic. Among the plethora of nearby sushi restaurants, my friends and I consistently choose yours because you have the best menu, cooked by the best chefs, and served by the best service staff in town. I can't be adamant enough about this. Your restaurant is the closest thing to a perfect sushi restaurant for the price that I have ever been to. If I had one gripe however, it is with the lack of assortment provided for the mochi. Only strawberry?! In 2015? What is this North Korea? Where are the choices?? A meal as good as the ones you provide deserve a happy ending, David. You of all people should know that. Keep up the phenomenal work and PLEASE consider offering more variety in your mochi!!!笑
A lil bit pricey but it's my favorite sushi place.

I like most of the sushi rolls but my favorites are J&B and Japanese lasagna and dynamite roll. They're like heaven in your mouth.

I also like their appetizers such as baked mussels, ahi poke, agedashi tofu, shrimp yakitori. 

Nice EDM music too.笑
Food is just as great as the Rainbow location and of course it would be,  I see the same sushi chefs behind the bar at this location.  More spacious than the Rainbow location definitely more tables at this location for obvious reasons. Service and food quality is always superb and at its finest. Oh and they close at midnight.笑
Oyshi is one of my favorite ayce restaurant. The food there is very good.  I used to be a very loyal customer even though the service, which is very slow. The first round comes pretty much fast but if you reorder, it comes very very slow , so slow that you want to leave the place. I still wanted to give them 4 stars because it is very cheap with a very good food quality. If the service were better, they would deserve 5 stars.笑
Loved this location! Food was tasty and service was on point. I liked this location better than the original.笑
Solid 4 stars for our first outing at Oyshi Sushi!

For a Holiday lunch in December, my family and some friends dined at the newer Oyshi Sushi on Sahara.  Our initial choice was Makino's (which isn't THAT bad) but we figure, "What the Hell?  Let's go try something new!"  Off to Oyshi it was!

On our weekend lunch the place wasn't overly busy thankfully.  Our party of 11 was seated in their more private party room towards the back of the restaurant.  Lovely décor!  Except when we looked at the HUGE mural in the party room and put it all together...it's a Japanese dude...somewhat naked!  Ha Ha Ha, but hey, at least it didn't faze us from some awesome eats.

Because we couldn't decide what to order from Oyshi's menu, the adults just ended up getting the all-you-can-eat.  And at $21 per person for lunch...it's a FRIGGIN' steal!  I mean, if you're gonna order more than one roll (which can average over $10 each easy) then this option is the way to go.  Also, if you're a sushi piggy like me it's the ONLY option!  You can guarantee each of the rolls I chose to try were in the upper price vicinity, probably around $12 per roll.  

With Oyshi Sushi's all-you-can-eat menu you ALMOST get free range of the entire menu.  Most of the hot items and signature sushi rolls are available for you to order.  Only thing not on the all-you-can-eat?  Sashimi and sashimi with rice...of course.  But that's OK because there is so much to eat.

And eat we did!  I felt so bad for these folks because I just kept on ordering sushi roll after sushi roll.  With just the four folks in my family, we EASILY ordered at least 12 signature rolls!  Oinkers!  And that's not including the hot dishes we ordered of the menu!  You can see how getting the all-you-can-eat saves you a bunch of $ when you are an avid sushi eater.  I estimated our total without the all-you-can-eat option - I would have spent over $175, not including tax & tip!  Yowza!

OK, so this is just to show you some of the things we ordered off of the menu (and to show you how Fatty McGee we really are when it comes to sushi):

-Tiger Roll ($12)
-Oyshi Roll ($13)
-Love Affair ($13)
-Dynamite Roll ($11)
-Volcano ($10)
-Lobster Fair ($13)
-Rainbow Roll ($11)
-Spider Roll ($9)
-Red Dragon ($11)
-Monster Roll ($14)
-Premium Spider Roll ($12)
-Ahi Poke ($7)
-Tempura Shrimp ($7)
-Yakitori Beef ($4)
-Edamame ($5)
-Potato Croquette ($4)
-Gyoza ($5)

See what I mean??  We ordered all that (for just FOUR of us), and it doesn't include multiple orders of the same sushi roll!  Add that up right there and see the savings!  Save some money AND eat well!  How can you get any better than that!?

Quality = Good!  Sushi rolls were all made to order so they were cut fresh for us.  The fish was fresh that day, no fishy smells.  The sauces were kept on the light side which I appreciate because after a while everything starts tasting like eel sauce if you're not careful.  Sushi rolls were of a nice size as well, definitely bite size but not tiny at all in order to save them money.  Rice to fish ratio was on point and very generous.  

At the end of the meal (which literally took us over TWO hours) you also get your choice of one dessert.  Only ONE you say?  Yep, and I have no problem with that.  By then you are most likely stuffed like a turkey after all that rice you've consumed.  So ending the meal with something light, like a Mochi Ice Cream, or a slice of Green Tiramisu?  No problem.  I'm already feeling bad since I think my family alone ripped you guys off!

Service for our party was great considering our party of 11 was taking up space and time.  Luckily our poor little Japanese server was up to the task of our large ordering shootout.  As a mention, parties of SIX or more are automatically charged 18% gratuity.  Boy did she earn it!  We actually tipped extra over the 18% to show how much we appreciated little her serving our entire party (seriously this dainty girl was no taller than 4 feet 11 inches).  We were eaters for sure!  Combining the other folks in our group, we easily ordered at the very least 25 sushi rolls.   

Will I be back here again?  Yes, yes I will.  Oyshi!笑
I went there last night with my family and a friend for my wife's birthday. Ryan, our waiter, was very honest and friendly. He did everything he could to make sure our experience was as pleasant as possible and did a great job. We would definitely be coming back

The food quality was excellent, especially the shrimp tempura Yum!笑
I wanted to like Oyshi Sushi as it was recommended to us by a couple of people. We are fans of I Love Sushi and Sushi Avenue. Unfortunately we had an experience I have never had before ... A live bug (not a roach but a lettuce Beatle) climbed out of our salad. To add insult to injury the manager did not really apologize but blamed on the people who delivered the lettuce. He said he had a similar problem with the edemame.  And as if this is not all bad enough he did not even offer to comp the one item we had eaten before the bug appeared. No class!! No sense of the customer. We will stick to I Love Sushi.笑
This place has wonderful sushi! You order, they make it and it comes straight to the table. They have alot of good rolls and tons to choose from. Plus their all you can eat isn't super pricy and everything on the menu is included except sashimi. The only problem with the all you can eat is it is regular sized rolls so its worth it if your a big eater. I only made it to two rolls but my husband had at least 8! The service was really freindly as well. I will be going back next time we go out for sushi.笑
Ate here with a group of friends & were sat in one of the small rooms which was nice. Service was great. Food was good but honestly there was nothing that blew me away. All of the rolls that we had didn't seem to have a real oomph to make me really like one. Considering I live on the other side of town & there are sushi restaurants that are closer to me that I like better I probably won't be back to Oyshi. The food isn't bad here there just wasn't anything that would make me want to drive across town to dine there.笑
I have been a regular between both locations for over 4yrs now and bring everyone i know who craves sushi here. Came to the Sahara location tonight with some friends visiting from Hawaii. One of them dropped their $1k casino chip on the ground. He didnt even realize it until i got a call later from Kevin, the manager, saying one of his workers turned it in to him. Thats just the great type of people who work here. Another good reason to come to Oyshi. Not that i needed it lol. But our visit tonight is definitely worth mentioning.笑
My mom & I eat at Oyshi every now & then, when we go there we order the same thing every time. Just recently my mom & I decided to eat there and the service was unbelievably slow, the restaurant was not full at all so my mom & I couldn't understand why there was a one hour delay with our order. By the time the server delivered our food we had lost our appetite to eat so we just bagged the food to go. It doesn't matter to me how good the food is if the service isn't as excellent as the food, it ruins the whole dining experience for me. I would also like to mention that the Oyshi servers do not take initiative to bring you the things you'll need to eat such as utensils, napkins, chopsticks, etc.... I had to ask for everything & that was a pain in the a**. Overall, I was disappointed with the service at Oyshi & I hope to see improvement in the future.笑
Pretty good place. We had the AYCE for lunch. You can't get some items for lunch,  only for dinner i.e. Uni. The service was very good. Our server was Jay and he was on point with placing our orders and topping of our drinks. He missed some of our orders but nothing drastic.  I suggest you eat here with 4 or more so you can split the rolls. They only do half rolls at the sushi bar.  The place is very spacious and they have private rooms.  I like this place and I will probably be back.笑
Oyshi sushi came highly recommended from a buddy of mine back in Hawaii. He said the next time you're in Las Vegas you need to check out this place and that "I'll thank him later!" This place did not disappoint! This is hands-down now my favorite place for sushi here in Las Vegas!

There are ample parking in the strip mall. This is a very nice restaurant outside and inside. The restaurant is very elegant, spacious, with high ceilings. This location appears to be a new building so everything if fresh, new, clean ....

They have a very impressive array of sushi roll
selections from your basic sashimi and nigiri sushi to their hand rolls and "signature" hand rolls! If you love sushi, I highly recommend ordering their signature hand rolls and other hand rolls!! Most of these selections are very exotic and unique! Nice combination and mixing of ingredients! The hand rolls were my favorites here!

Service is exceptional! They kept coming to see how we were doing, as well as making sure our drinks were topped off or didn't run low.

The next time you're in Las Vegas, take a drive away from the strip for some really fine hand-crafted sushi!

Oh, and did I forget to mention? Its all you can see for about $35! Even better! Yummy!笑
I'm really unsure if I should write this review or not but I'm a stickler for customer serivce. We went to have dinner last night 1/9 and the place was packed. The entrance way was so busy we have swim the thru the ppl who refused to make rm, walked up to the hostess counter... a waitress was scrambling around and didn't even acknowledge us! She was walked away and continued on with her shift... next the hostess steps in, grabs menus and walks off to the sea off ppl to seat them... all the while no one has said a word to our party. Then when she finally decides to grace us with her conversation she says it's an hour plus wait... no thanks... so my take on the food is I won't be eating it笑
This place has always been great when it comes to AYCE. I usually force feed my gullet to get to the green tea creme brûlée. This is by far the best dessert I've had in my entire life. As far as the sushi goes I'm a big fan of the iris roll and garlic tuna. The surf and turf sizzle plate is worth it for sure and iced green tea is to die for. The staff is friendly and knowledgeable which is awesome too.