The gentleman on the phone was very polite and helpful. He even gave us a coupon for more savingsǾ
Don't understand what all the bad reviews are about, this is one of the best Domino's I've ever been to. The food was the same if not better than the other locations, the staff is extremely friendly, and for the first time ever - the lobby actually has tables and chairs to eat right at the store. Also over heard a manager training a new employee while I was waiting and he was being extremely patient with her which is great because it was dinner rush. Will go to this location again and again.Ǿ
We order frequently. Food is hot and good. Love the easy checkout with coupons online. Thanks.Ǿ
Just went  to this location and the night manager had the store closed when the sign says they close at  12:00AM.  He came to the door and said they were closed when they really weren't!Ǿ
I'm pretty irritated that my 2 pizzas, quoted at 19-29 minutes just took 1hr 8 minutes to get here. Completely unacceptable. I'm shocked it was even warm at all. Though the cheese was no longer melty. And James was hardly apologetic. I'll order from Val Vista next time.Ǿ
If you order from here get it take out. It took them 2 hours to deliver my one pizza. My poor kids were starving and I didn't even get an apology. I kept calling and they kept saying it would come in 5 mins. They need to get their act together.Ǿ
We order from this Domino's frequently - maybe once or twice a month.  Drivers are friendly, orders are quick and hot.  Reasonable price and decent food.  I use online ordering and love the pizza tracker - helps me be ready outside for the delivery so my dogs don't go insane at the doorbell.Ǿ
We have not had Domino's because of a bad experience years ago.  We thought we'd try them again after seeing commercials saying how much they have changed and improved.  FALSE ADVERTISING right there.  We ordered on-line and ordered 3 different items, each verified by our e-mail receipt.  Each of them arrived with a major flaw.  We orderd a speciality pizza with no tomatoes, this was delivered with a TON of tomatoes, our "chicken side" was burnt badly that anyone who cared about their kitchen would never have let it leave the kitchen, and lastly a non-modified specialty pizza came missing a main ingredient that makes it the speciality... the fiery hiwaiian pizza came with no "fire" sauce.  So we have a pizza no one will eat, burt chicken that the dog will not touch, and $16 pizza lacking the specialty.  We'll continue to to go Venezia's or Bella's Pizza from here on out.  Good luck to domino's as we will never try it again.Ǿ
So I tried ordering a pizza after I got off of work and I decided to get Domino's. The only reason why I wanted it was because I checked the hours and they said they don't close till 2amf for carryout. So on my way to go pick it up the door was locked there was no one there I called and a girl answered and said "Please hold" and just hung up the phone so I went back to the door and that when she opened the door and said they don't carry out at this time (12:30ish) so I got no pizza no nothing. This store needs to get their hours straight. Will not be coming or thinking of coming here again lucky they can get at least 1 star..Ǿ
Last 2 times we ordered pizza from this Domino's location the dough was sour, had a weird taste, and I got terribly sick from it.  The wings were awful and tough.  Never again.
We found Bella Pizza a few weeks ago on Ellsworth & Quadalupe, the freshpizza, dough is made from scratch, NY style, sauce is wonderful.  You will love it!Ǿ
Pizza was hot and fresh and the service was amazing. Thanks Chad! If I could give it a six star I would.Ǿ
I love the Domino's tracker. It lets me see what stage my pizza is at so I know when it will be delivered. I order my pizza without cheese and it taste so gooood! I don't even miss the cheese at all. I love Domino's and my pizza is always fresh and delicious!!!