They are Incompetent and unprofessional.  Did not show up on time for a scheduled event.  Left a lot of people hungry and frustrated.Ǿ
Delicious tacos for $1.
How can you beat that?
Plus freshly-made tortillas!!!

Best deal on the Charleston Taco Corridor!!!

Plus nice people.
And the sweetest Mamacita ever, making the tacos in the truck.

I always throw her a kiss as I leave a satisfied customer.Ǿ
Tortillas a mano!  (Handmade Tortillas)

Here's what you need to know about this family owned taco stand:

1)  Some of the best tortillas you will ever taste!  They are made by hand right there, so you know you're getting an authentic and fresh product.

2)  The Al Pastor taco is out-of-control delicious!  The succulent, mouth watering pork with the right amount of heat, topped with salsa and pico de gallo had me salivating for more even the next morning.  I'm not kidding, I literally woke up yearning for another one.  If the show Intervention wants to showcase someone addicted to Al Pastor Tacos, tell them to call me, I could totally hit rock bottom for these bad boys!

3)  Not in a beautiful part of town, but not dangerous either, so fear not.  If you don't want to sit at the little table they have set up, take your tacos back to your car and enjoy.

4)  Tacos = $1.25-$2 for two.

5)  CASH ONLY!  


Really nice people making really wonderful tacos!  It's located right next to Precious Slut Tattoo and Piercing, so if you find yourself hanging out there, be sure to stop by and meet the taco of your dreams!Ǿ
Scheduled to do tacos for an event and didn't show up until after the event was over. Put everyone in a bind. 
Horrible customer service.Ǿ
I stopped here yesterday afternoon and glad I did! 

Since I moved to Vegas my love for tacos has reached a whole new level. So naturally I like doing a little research and trying new places. This place is just west of Maryland Parkway on the north end of Charleston. 

Everything on the menu is priced cheap. All tacos are $0.99, except the Lengua and Tripa ($1.25). I started my meal with 2 tacos and a burrito, both Pastor. For a total of $6.00 this was a steal. The tacos are a little small but for $0.99 how can one complain about size when it tastes so dang good? When served the pastor was on top of a perfectly made tortilla. As for toppings, they have a full salsa bar with many options. I made my tacos with some pico and pineapple salsa, bomb. Next came the burrito. Inside it contained pastor, rice, beans, cilantro, cheese all wrapped in a warm tortilla. 

I'm not gonna lie, I was pretty hungry and ate these with ease and had room. So.. I got 2 more tacos for Round 2. 

This time around I tired the Asada with cilantro, onion, and their red salsa. These were also very good! Both meats I tried were moist, tender, and very good. The tortillas speak for themselves. 

I'm already making plans to come here again once I'm in the neighborhood.Ǿ
They weren't serving mushroom quesadillas when I stopped by, so I tried a simple cheese one. The fresh corn tortilla was griddled with stringy white cheese, and I think I saw a little orange cheese in there, too. I really wasn't missing the mushrooms once I saw the extensive salsa bar selections, the most I've ever seen at a truck! They had two full rows of tasty taco condiments, including a chopped pineapple salsa and another featuring nopales (cactus), and a creamy avocado sauce. Estephanie's does attract a diverse clientele with those fresh, handmade tortillas. I opted to walk back to my car with my food rather than watch afternoon telenovelas in the taco tent with the gringa loca who was eating there and holding a conversation with an invisible companion (maybe the TV, but they weren't speaking the same language).Ǿ
MISSION: TO FIND THE TASTIEST TACOS ON LAS VEGAS' STREETS

WHO:STREET VENDORS AROUND LAS VEGAS(Brick and mortars like Los Tacos and El Gordo DO NOT COUNT!)
Open for Just two weeks now, Tacos Estephanie has a bunch of fans. Why?....They're some of the cheapest tacos on the streets($.99-$1.25)
and best of all, HANDMADE TORTILLAS ON THE SPOT! You can definitely taste the difference.

We stopped by after revisiting Tacos Cancun(and on our way to Tacos La Carreta) during our street taco scramble, and when you see "Tortillas hechas a mano"
it automatically deserves a visit. Three nice ladies are holding it down, pumping out order after order serving up everyone and definitely convincing alot of people to get 2-3 rounds of their tasty tacos. I tried 2 each of their Al Pastor and Tripas, along with a Mushroom and Cheese Quesadilla ($2)

Although there was no Al Pastor carousel, the tacos were pretty flavorful as was the quesadilla. After handing the lady a"You've been Yelped!" card (as I did with all the other vendors) we were on our way and definitely happy we discovered another tasty spot...

PROS:

Fresh Tortillas

Great Value

Great Service


CONS:

Tacos can be a little greasy for some


Stop by and give Tacos Estephanie a try! Tues-Sun, 9am-Midnight, Cash Only

YELP 365 CHALLENGE-(180/365) "Street Taco Scramble Round 2"