Went with a group to catch up with a relative in from Texas. The service left a bit to be desired. It was slow and unfriendly. The server insisted that I had ordered a drink the I hadn't. Food was cold and undercooked. The manager tried to work it out, but I stiil probably won't go back..Ǿ
It's okay.

We decided to try Two Bucks when our usual bar was overcrowded from patrons watching the fights on t.v.  The inside is decorated pretty simply and while I appreciate that they don't have a painfully cheesy theme like some chain restaurants, it could really use a little personality.  Just seemed like we could be in any bar anywhere, there was nothing to set it apart (besides the cardboard cutout, that was cool).  The food was actually pretty good, certainly better than I expected, and the drinks, while nothing special, were cheap and didn't taste watered down.

I think the one thing they really need to work on is the service.  The bartenders were all really nice but there's so few of them that it can take forever to get your drinks refilled or your food brought to your table, and it sucks to go out and have half your group get their food 15 minutes before the others.  I feel bad that they have to run around so much-- they really do their best, but the owners should think about hiring a few more employees, maybe someone who would just be a waitress instead of trying to take orders and make drinks.

Overall, the patrons all seem nice and the staff is friendly too.  We've been back to Two Bucks and will probably continue going every once in a while, but it probably won't be our "go-to" spot unless they improve the service.Ǿ
Its a 4 IF You go on the right day/ night - when the service is average to good.  

The BEER is Great, huge selection, unbeatable 'every day' prices, and a nice bar and very open restaurant area.  Cool place where it seems like locals and new folks can hang out comfortably.  

The Food is also excellent, value wise.  Not expensive for the higher quality stuff, great fries, and the specials are great.  Ive always enjoyed the food a lot, but sometimes the service is a little slow...especially if its a slow time of day or you order from the bar.  However, if you don't mind chilling with a beer at your table - its great.Ǿ
my daughter and i  decided 2 try it. we both went 4 the asian salad ,they give u a very very small container of dressing. i asked the waiter 4 a couple more of the dressings no problem ,i alsohad a order of french fries which were pretty good.  when we got are our bill we noticed a extra charge 4 the 2 very small containers of dressing  = 50 cents each ==   if u r going 2 nickle dime people like that u r not going 2 stay in business 2 long.  the thing that pissed me the most was waiter not saying '' sorry i have' 2 charge extra the dressing '',  i would of gotten it anyways.  we arrived there about 12:45 and the place was empty  2 at the bar and 1 other table.  next store is friday's rest.  there lot was pretty full.  this place is going 2 have hard time here =  2 other places  didn't fare well ==Ǿ
Got the chance to eat here for a Sunday lunch. The drinks are of course very well priced, and they were tasty as well. Our food was also excellent, especially the Mac and cheese. I have heard mixed reviews on the fries, but I myself really enjoyed them. They have herbs on them, so if that's not you're thing they won't be your favorite. There was only one server in the place, but it was really quite and he took care of several tables perfectly well. I hope to come back and highly recommend it!Ǿ
I have to give two stars only because my first time here was great. We had a fantastic server and great food. Jump forward six months and I had the worst experience probably ever. We went in around 6pm. Wait forever to just order drinks. We both got sprite. We got our drinks and noticed black and gray stuff floating in the drinks so we sent it back. Our next round had the same problem so we sent them back again. Still dirty the third time so I ordered a bottle of beer that way there couldn't possibly be crap floating in it. This whole time our food took far too long. The fried pickle that I loved the first time came soggy in oil. My boyfriends burger was so undercooked it could moo. I ordered the same thing as last time and got a doughy undercooked pizza. I was so disappointed because I loved everything the first time I was there and this was the first time my boyfriend was going. Needless to say he doesn't want to come back ever. I want to give it another chance since I know how good it was the first time but if its like this last time gross no more chances. Seriously how gross do you keep things that black and gray gunk was floating in our drinks!Ǿ
Was here July 4th week of 2014... Was late late night... didn't have anything but soda. It was good. I'd probably go back if I was a local... but since I'm not and I was the DD that night... overall the soda was delicious.Ǿ
I'd love to give this place a two and a half stars. Came in on a Tuesday night durning an Indians playoff game, place was not overly busy. Waiting probably 20 minutes for someone to ask me for my first drink. Took awhile between drinks to get some one. After the game was over, the place pretty much emptied out, and there were probably a total of 10 people in the place, and I'm pretty sure I waited at least 30+ minutes for someone to come over to check on me, let a lone get me a drink. Most likely will never return here.Ǿ
Best bar in the city..... Place reminds you of a 4 Dive bar!!! Sounds crazy, but it's true!!Ǿ
You really can't go wrong with $2 appetizers and shots. The bbq bacon slider was really good and I could eat them all day! The fried mushrooms however could have been better, since it was coated in alot of extra bread. I tried some Clevelander whiskey they had which was alright, but the price made it great. This is some place you should check out if your in the area.Ǿ
I wish I could give this place more than 3 stars because it has so much potential but I just can't. I've gone here a few times and the drinks are very cheap and they taste good (not watered down). I've only eaten here once but I enjoyed the food. I had a burger (with an egg on it) and fries and it was really good. My disappointment with this place is it's service! OMG it is horrible. I've only been after 8pm so I'm hoping during the lunch hour it's better. The last time I went here there were some immature young adults (it's shocking to me that they were 21) in here being very loud and annoying while I was sitting at the bar trying to enjoy my drinks. I didn't complain because it is a bar so my husband asked the waitress would we get service if we sat at one of the tables and she said "sure as long as it's not too busy at the bar I'll come over and help you." We sat at the table, finished our drinks, watched her stand there doing nothing and never did she come to serve us! There was another waitress there that was friends with the annoying crowd and she didn't bother to serve anyone but them. Finally after waiting there for 15 minutes we decided to just leave. As we went to the front to pay the waitress say "sorry I didn't make it to you but it got so busy over here" (b$llsh#t). We didn't respond to her nonsense excuse and handed her the money and left. Meanwhile the other waitress was still catering to her annoying friends smh!Ǿ
Picked up lunch from here. I ordered a wrap and onion rings. The onion rings were pretty good, the wrap left much to be desired. Service was just okay, the bartender was great on the phone, not so much in person. The part that really got me is that they charge a "Carry-out Surcharge". I have never been charged a fee to pick up food, I find it ridiculous. I won't be eating here again. Nothing they serve is good enough to go back.Ǿ
Me and 2 friends stopped in with our 2 10 year old children, celebrating my birthday. A couple of cocktails and fries for the kids. At 8:50 PM we were told we would have to leave because the children were NOT 21 years old. The place was basically empty. Have been there before and it is NEVER CROWDED. Poor decision by management. They lost our business.Ǿ
I will never go here again! You get exactly what you pay for plus crappy service. The drinks are miniature and the food is less than mediocre. I ordered calamari. Don't waste your time. It was bland. There was an issue where I ordered from an old printed menu that had cheaper prices on it. When I asked my server, Lacy, to adjust the bill she gave me a nasty attitude. Thankfully the manager, Nicholas, came and adjusted the bill. I came in thinking I was going to get great drinks and food and left never wanting to return.Ǿ
First let me say this bar has a ton of potential. The concept of $2 a beer is really a great one for people on a budget... there was a great selection of $2 beers, and also some craft brews that were $3-$4. The atmosphere was good, they had a jukebox, but the thing that ruined my experience was the service. Over half the time we were there, there wasn't a single person behind the bar. When an employee did show up, they were scrambling to refill drinks, and then they would disappear again. There were a couple dozen customers at the bar and at tables, and at least 4 people "working", yet most drinks were empty and even after a few customers voiced complaints, the service remained terrible. My friend and I agreed that we will not be coming back.Ǿ
Where to start. There is so much potential here. It makes me sad. My co-worker and I thought we had found a great lunch option. Close by, a killer steak and cheese sandwich, excellent fries, decent prices. On our second to last visit we had really great salads, a steak and blue and a steak 'wedge' salad (not sure why it was called that as it was a tossed salad, no 'wedge' in site). We went back literally the next day to get the salads again and lo and behold, everything had changed. No more $2 appetizers and all the prices were around $2 higher. Her salad came out in a whole head of Bibb, or maybe it was Boston lettuce. It looked impressive, but she had a hell of a time eating it. The core was there as well! The steak was delicious and tender as before though, so I'll give them that. I got a burger which was tasty though not cooked as well as I preferred. Too bloody for medium. The delicious fries? Not sure what happened there. I had asked for a box right off the bat knowing I couldn't finish them. (why don't restaurants offer the option of no fries with your sandwich at a cheaper price?) They were old and cold and seemed like they were frozen vs the fresh cut fries we had had  before.

The service as others have mentioned leaves little to be desired. It seems they only have one waitress to serve all the tables. 
   
The kicker was the music. While sometimes a little too loud, it is usually excellent. Think Chili Peppers, The Verve, Collective Soul, Oasis..This time...it was Country. And I can't abide Country. I'd rather someone shoot me than make me listen to Country. It should not be an option on the jukebox. Oh, and, close the front door people. Why do I have to freeze my ass off while I'm eating my lunch?Ǿ
Good Grief! The barmaid is running around like it's the 50 yard dash. There's 8 people here.Ǿ
My husband and I were in the area, and thought that we would try the newly opened Two Bucks restaurant.   The menu selections are limited, but there were some pretty decent choices.  I opted for the black/bleu sliders which are 3 for $6.   There were at least 8-10 slider choices and for $1 extra, you can mix and match your selection.  My husband ordered the boneless barbecue wings ($8).  We also order the sage & garlic french fries (a la carte $2), the waitress mentioned that the portion was large enough to share.   Our order arrived promptly, and upon glancing at the fries, we knew immediately that we would need another order...lol!.  My burgers were cooked well, with just a sprinkling of bleu cheese and a cajun aioli spread, which conflicted with the bleu cheese, just a little bit.  I scraped off the spread.  My husband thought that the boneless wings were sufficient.  The star of the meal was definitely the fries.  Handcut, deep-fried and tossed with sage and garlic.  They were cooked perfectly, not at all greasy and as I mentioned previously, we had two orders.  All-in-all this was an ok meal, great price $19 for 2 entrees, 2 orders of fries and beverages. The staff was super friendly.   I would return.Ǿ
Tried this place for lunch yesterday and had a great steak and bleu cheese salad.  Made with Romaine Lettuce, Crumbled Bleu cheese, pieces of a nice grilled steak, grilled onions and mushrooms.  A very nice fair sized salad.  The manager told me the name, Two Bucks, comes from the fact that most beers are $2 as are their selection of sliders.  He also recommends their Mac and Cheese dish, which he said was special.Ǿ
I absolutely love this place, been coming here forever and I always have great service.. we moved out of the area so we haven't been in awhile, we decided to stop in after a later dinner and rob poured our drinks before we ordered, haven't seen us in months and he didn't forget! Thats great service. We come to two bucks not because the food is spectacular, but because of the service! (Foods not bad! Ha!) thanks Rob for being awesome!!Ǿ
This place has been recommended to me by more than a few people. We were in the area after a movie and thought we would go check it out. 

My dinner companion had been here before. So he was the expert to guide me. The mac-n-cheese is what to get. So I'm told. 

I got the Rancher. My friend got the Wake-n-Bake. Then we got the loaded fries to split. Let me tell you, this was the bomb! Rancher was delish! I would get it again in a split second. AND the fries were great. Here is the thing, you get it and it looks like it's not that much. But it is. After a few bites of fries and all of my Rancher I was more than full. 

This is a definite return. I figure I'll work thru the menu and try more dishes. Fun atmosphere too! Plus I gotta eat something closer to the $2 name! LOL!!Ǿ
Work girls happy hour.  Very reasonable prices.  Good food.  We will be back for sure.Ǿ
First, I despise being addressed as "Bud", especially by a bartender.  The Miller Lite was good, even though I just wanted a plain old burger, the only thing in a full sized burger was one with onion ring and egg, but came with fries for $9.  The bun was soft but dry without Mayo, so I asked for Mayo....   well now, the burger was just so so, nothing to write home about, and when the check came, well I had been charged for two beers insted of just one, and, and, the little bit of Mayo was added at 50 cents!!!  What, 50 cents for Mayo?    The place has been through about 3 or 4 names/owners in the past five years, and I certainly look at them to be the next failure there.  You can't nickle and time, especially witha  $9 burger, that just isn't all that!Ǿ
The wings was the worst wings I ever had no seasoning, very hard... but we did get our drinks fast that's about itǾ
6:10 entered restaurant and sat ourselves. 
6:14 a server finally came to our table.
6:18 our drinks finally showed up. At this point the waiter hovered over us, not speaking, waiting to take our order. We informed him at this point we needed another minute. 
6:22 a table came in and sat next to us. 
6:25 he comes over to take there drink order, still has not returned to take our food order. 
6:27 comes back to bring their drinks, still ignoring us. 
6:31 we leave money on the table to cover our tab and leave, still hungry because the hipster server was too busy with the 14 other customers in the bar to ever come back to take our food order. 
I don't even think we got two bucks worth of service out of this place. Don't waste your time or money here.Ǿ
I would give it 1 star but I have to admit the food is very good for the price.  Unfortunately it's the worst service I have experienced at a bar.  I been here three times (because of the food) and took me 5 minutes to be asked if I want a drink.  Once I finished my drink it took them 10 minutes to even approach me to ask if I wanted another.  The traffic wasn't heavy it just seemed like they wanted to hang out with their own friends in the back.Ǿ
Been here for about 40 minutes and we're still waiting on our food. I'm beyond irritated. No fresh tea, no coffee. What the heck? Never again. If the food is the best ever we won't return. 

Ha! Got a compliment from Kaitlyn P telling me she recalls me personally. Wow. Amazing. Nope. You're not getting me to set foot in your place again. The food was mediocre at best. Not worth the irritation that I got the first time around.Ǿ
i really like this place.  the food tastes good and is house made.  the black bean burger and mac and cheese and liked them both very much.  service is great.  cocktails are excellent.  Been here 4 times and will go back.Ǿ
I have been to this establishment twice in which both time I have received bad service. 

The first time I went, me and my friends seated ourselves... It was late so the kitchen was closed (we ended up getting food from Friday's next door) we ended up ordering drinks. We when first sat at the bar the bartender was rude and took forever getting our drinks so we just paid for one drink and left.

The second time we seat ourselves and the kitchen was still open so we order some food. Everyone raves about the fries but I didn't like them and out server was very friendly but would forget the drinks we ordered and would take forever to get them and would take three times as long if he forgot again. We didn't get our bill until 45 minutes after we asked for it and we contemplated if we should just walk out. Yea the drinks are cheap but so is the service ....Ǿ
A few co-workers wanted to try Two Bucks yesterday for lunch.  I joined them with my usual culinary curiosity as this restaurant is very near my place of work.  Upon arrival, we sat ourselves and the waiter took our drink orders.  Within a few short minutes, our drinks arrived and we placed our lunch orders.

I ordered the Pork Wrap with a side of fries.  When it arrived, it was warm and tasty.  It was a little bland, but since there was hot sauce on each table, I used some to spice it up.  The fries tasted like fresh cut and they were yummy.

Ironically, I only saw two items on the menu that are two bucks.  I didn't notice anything that really stood out about this place.  They have a decent selection of sliders, but the sliders are fairly small.  I realize sliders are inherently small, but these seemed small for a place that specializes in them.

I'd recommend it, but it's just 'typical'.Ǿ
I frequent Two Bucks a couple times a month. The food is outstanding and the prices are good. The Mac N Cheese is the best I have ever had. The only issue with this location is the poor service. I was there this weekend sitting at the Bar. It wasn't very busy but it took 5 minutes before anyone even acknowledged me. This is very common for this location. They have had a turnover of staff but it doesn't seem to make a difference.