I have a hard time wanting to get a sandwich from two boys who are outside IN FRONT of the shop smoking cigarettes....especially when you decide to just flick your cigarette on the ground instead of putting it out and tossing your bud in the trash...not only that but you disappear in the back to grab gloves so who knows if you've even washed your hands...I get that it's cold boys but if you REALLY needed to smoke try doing it where patrons don't have to see you...Ǿ
It's Anthem's and Inspirada's neighborhood subway. The staff are nice and make your sandwiches fast. I have never waited long to have a sandwich made. I've come in at different times of the day and there was never a line. The restaurant is clean and well stocked. I've never had a problem here.Ǿ
This subway does not seem to be consistent with other subways.  Whenever I order something with lunch meat they always put the smallest amount possible.  I have to order double meat to get the normal amount at other subways. Other than that. Very clean fast service.Ǿ
The online order system is a joke. They got most everything wrong on my sub, even though it's right there in front of them. I paid for extra cheese, yet only got 4 half slices on a footlong. Got radishes, didn't order them. No extra mayo or oil as ordered. Stale bread. Joshua tells me he watched the person make my sub personally (yeah, right), and he put on 8 half slices of cheese. OK, it's right in front of me and there are only 4. I think I can count. Never this Subway again, even though I live in Madeira canyon. Oh, and he says he can't give me a refund. Hello, I didn't ask for one. I just wanted the sub I ordered and paid for. No can do. Only 20% off my next order. There won't be one! Dan Foster, pay attention!Ǿ
This is a great place to get your quick Subway fix. It's location is great for all of the housing communities that are sprawled throughout the hills of Anthem Highlands and Madeira Canyon.

I've only had one problem (out of over a hundred times) with my order. They remade my sandwich and all was well with the world. :)

Some of the staff are very friendly - and then some are not or they just don't know how to communicate with people. Even so, I haven't had a completely bad experience and instead, I prefer this Subway over others in the area.Ǿ
Speaking only for chain restaurants, this Subway is pretty good.  They can make your sandwich the way you request and have chips the fountain machine stocked.  What more can you expect?Ǿ
Sloppy sandwich plus being over charged equals never going back! The sandwich was overfilled and fell apart. Had to remind them of their $5 deal after the over charged me. Forget this subway!Ǿ
Definitely convenient being right beside my house. Sandwiches have always been the way I want them. I've never had any issue with that. Sort of.

The store seems to be cleaned and nice ever time I'm in it.  Although my most recent visit the employees were cleaning the glass on the door where the bread is stored. He never really acknowledged me. I was the only one in the store. He kept cleaning. He eventually made it to me. Didn't really bother me other than him not washing his hands after using cleaner. He did put gloves on. 

For the most part he more acted like he was annoyed with me for interrupting his cleaning. It came to the part of me checking out and he just gave me my total. He never asked if I wanted chips, drink, cookies or anything. Oh well.

I'll be back being that it's subway and being that it's right beside my house.Ǿ
I eat there yesterday with my daughter in between 2:30 & 3:00. Terrible service & the girl behind the counter had major attitude!Ǿ
Our sandwich artist made a good sandwich. She wasn't holding out on the meats, cheese etc. We had good service !