I love this place and wish we had one locally. Really good game selection in good condition and a nice little menu too. We had to wait when we went and just had a very enjoyable time. Wish I had one closer to home. I suggest the nutella latte with a splash of liquor :)笑
Endless hours of boardgames entertainment! They have a huge selection of games and for 5 dollars you can sit as long as you want! 

If you don't know how to play a game, you can ask one of the staff to explain it to you. 

I also ordered the waffle with whipped cream topped with chcolate. It was very fluffy, tender and the taste was very buttery! 

Ladies washrooms are surprisingly very clean and odor free, which is rare at establishments like these.笑
Le temple des jeux de société! Ici vous réservez une table et allez choisir un jeu de société parmi la centaine disponible sur les grandes étagères. Tout est classé par thème, il est donc très facile de s'y retrouver. Vous pouvez également commander à boire et manger.

Best place to go for board games! Just book a table and go pick a game on one of the shelf. Everything is classified by theme so it's very easy to find the game you want.
Also you can order food and drinks.笑
One of the best places to come on a date or as a group of friends!  The place used to be tiny and the wait time was ridiculously long (I've waited for over 3 hours for a table of 2) since it's near impossible to estimate how long a party will stay for.  Now, on a weekend, I'm able to walk in and get seated right away.  The only downside is that there's a flat rate for playing board games.

This is all worth it if you're planning to come for a few hours.  Their selection is HUGE - bigger than any other board game place you have been to.  It will range from typical Risk games to entry board games to games that are so complicated your brain will explode.  Their staff are very friendly and will be more than willing to explain their easy - medium level games to you.  This helps a lot as the hardest part of any new board game is learning it.  

Their food/drink menu is grown extensively since I've been here last - there's nothing better than bite sized food while playing board games.  I'm glad to see some reasonably priced items (mac and cheese!) along with their pretty satisfying drink menu. Do expect to spend money on extra drinks/food in addition to the sit-down fee $5.  This is the only reason (and perhaps why they have a sit-down fee at all) that I do not come as often as I'd like, because this does get pricey once you factor in food and drinks.笑
Games galore!  I was totally geeking out at Snakes & Lattes.  Great little place to hang out on a weekend or after work.  You might want to get reservations considering the place gets packed really quickly.

I wouldn't really suggest to have the drinks here.  I had the Nutella latte, and was thoroughly disappointed (I mean, everything with Nutells should taste good, right?!)  I had a cookie as well, and I wasn't very imrpessed by it either.

Otherwise, service there is awesome!  I'm a little sad that they didn't have Big Taboo though!笑
I've been going to Snakes and Lattes since they first opened! 

They have definitely been going through growing pains but even through construction I have always had a pleasant time. 

Pros:
-They have the largest assortment of games which are organized by game type, very helpful. 
-The staff are VERY knowledgeable and there is always at least one person working who could teach you any game in house. IMPRESSED. 
-They have been rapidly expanding to suit demand and got a liquor license! Hooray! Booze!
-You can usually get some tasty snacks but they are occasionally out of whatever I wanted -Vegan options available!
-Fits the student budget, if you plan to play numerous games, $5 per person for as long as you want!

Cons:
-It's loud, which isn't really their fault but it's annoying most of the time. Sometimes I have been the loud one though :(
-They could put more effort into the food, c'mon guys!
-You have to book WAY in advance or show up outside of prime time (6pm-12am) with few people, again not their fault and obviously they are trying to keep up with demand, but still, a fact. 

I would highly recommend going and trying out some new games!笑
I've been wanting to visit this place since forever so when I actually tried it out today, I was pleasantly surprised that it's better than I thought. 

The space is pretty big, can accomodate many groups, ideal for 2-4 players though. If your group is larger than that you might need to book a few days in advance. $5 cover lets you sit there and play as long as you want. 

TONS of board games to choose from. The selection is so large in fact that I was overwhelmed. Well, no worries. They had a board game guy walking around to help make recommendations on fun games for 2 people. He also explained the game to us so that helped - no need reading the long instructions. I really liked Ghost Blitz. Fun and easy game to play. Some of the games are older and worn out. For example the game of Life was missing half of the instructions and maybe some board pieces. I didn't realize it until everything else was setup. Bummerz =/ 

The have a good selection of drinks - alcohol, caffeinated, sodas, smoothies, some sandwiches and baked goods. I tried the chocolate chip cookie and it was large and delicious - made soft and chewy. I also had the caramel latte which was very tasty. My friend got the smoothie which came in a large tall glass and looked delicious as well. 

The space is great for socializing and an easy way to stay entertained for a few hours :)笑
My favorite place on planet earth! Nothing compares, as much as I wish there were more of these around... 

The concept is simple - $5 bucks per person, play for as long as you want, as many games as you want. Grab a bite, grab a drink and simply put, gear up for the best time ever!笑
Came here for the games. A lot more upscale compared to other ones I've been to. The game "guru" was super helpful in suggesting games for two people (which can be harder). And it's a $5 overall playing charge so you can stay as long as you like. 

Food isn't super cheap, but it is available which is nice. Will definitely be coming back with larger parties for more games!笑
Snakes and Lattes is a great spot, especially on rainy or cold days.... you can spend hours going back in time through your childhood playing games you thought had long ago become extinct.

It's $5/person for an unlimited stay... which is also a downfall if you come when they're full and may have to wait for a table.... who knows when one will come up!

The food is decent, albeit a bit scattered on the menu... they have everything from candy bowls to mac and cheese to salads. I've tried multiple items, and I would say - stick with their comfort food items, they're just better.

Service is so-so here.... because it is so laid back, it is sometimes hard to grab a server (or know which one is yours). They also have gaming experts that will sit with you and teach you how to play a game if you've chosen one you're unfamiliar with (or will help you choose one!).

Overall, it's a fun experience. If you haven't checked it out yet - go for it. There is also a second location on College, just west of Bathurst.笑
After years of hearing about this place, we decided to check it out. As we got there, we were advised it was going to be about an hour of a wait to get a table. We waited outside for a while, then waited inside for a while as it was damn cold outside. About an hour and a half later we got a table. Yes, 1.5 hours. Insane wait.

We immediately grabbed a set of Cards Against Humanity. On a side note: if you haven't played this group game, you're missing out - it is absolutely hilarious. But I warn you, completely inappropriate. 

The atmosphere is nice as everyone is doing their own thing, immersed into whatever game the table is playing. And there is no shortage of available games. I think it would take me more than 1 lifetime to get through all of them. However not all of them are great games, there definitely is something for everyone.

We ordered some drinks; I enjoyed the Italian sodas and the salted caramel latte, however I am not a fan of their 'infamous' Nutella latte. For me it didn't taste enough like Nutella, or hazelnut chocolate, or whatever. 

The service is phenomenal, whether you're looking to order food/drinks, or simply looking for a recommendation on a game to play. They also have 'game gurus' that are experts in board games so if you are unsure about what to play (and with so many options it's pretty easy to be indecisive), ask for their recommendation. They aren't called Game Gurus for nothin.笑
Terrible customer service! I made reservations for 12 people and when I arrived, they said that they gave away the table because they didn't see my name on the list. When I questioned them, It turns out that they looked at the wrong day. Instead of trying to accommodate my request, they said that I would have to wait for an hour for the next available table. They didn't call back until 2 1/2 hours later...

I would not recommend this place. It is too crowded, disorganized and they do not value their customers.笑
I don't mean to whine. Seriously, this is a great concept. I wish I'd thought of it first. They have tons of games for all tastes. They are nice, easygoing people. The apple tart was delicious. They make jambon et beurre sandwiches. But they need about twice as much space and big tables for everyone. A game board is the same size whether two or six people are playing it.

After waiting for 10 minutes for a table to open up and settling into a four-person table, my game buddy and I were asked (nicely) by one of the owners to move to a tiny cafe table that would only allow Games of a Certain Size. We had to return San Francisco Cable Car, a game we really wanted to try, to the shelf and get something smaller. (Which ended up being Ricochet Robots: easy to learn and challenging to play---it feels good for your brain.) Luckily we'd already finished our coffee and desserts, because we couldn't have fit food and drink on the table together.

I hope that they will become so successful that they move to a larger space with big tables all around and extra chairs (people are always nabbing them). It would also be nice if games were organized by genre, because if I'm looking for something along the lines of Ticket to Ride I'm probably not going to want to sift through Relationship Tightrope and the Friends trivia game.笑
Went in on a Friday afternoon, just two and put our name down for them to call us. We waited in another coffee shop and received the call an hour later. Thought that was pretty cool, would definitely get the name down and go for food next time though! The wait was insane for just two though, so will see what it'll be like for larger groups.

Had no idea of any good 2 player games but the game experts there were extremely helpful and suggested some great games! Definitely some of my favourites now. Looking into buying Forbidden Desert aha. The game experts taught you how to play and also answered any questions you had.

As for the drinks and food, I ordered a white hot chocolate with a peppermint flavour shot. It was very yummy! I also got the turkey, bacon avocado wrap; also pretty good!

Spent a solid 8 hours in there, was definitely the best of fun!笑
$5 for unlimited board games, which is a bargain if you're exploring new board games with friends.笑
There's no way to describe this place where it doesn't seem campy and cheezey - board games and coffee. In public...surrounded by people on first dates. But it's SO much fun! 

$5 cover charge gets you access to their massive board game collection, which include favorites like Monopoly and some obscure titles I've never seen. The atmosphere is very non-pretentious and everyone here looks like they're genuinely having fun - a concept so distant from the uber pretentious bars down the street.笑
When someone suggested that we came here after dinner one night...i wasn't sure how to react...boardgames after swanky dinner? 
When we got there, he suggested Balderdash...none of us had ever played the game so we were confused for a couple of mins...but when we got into it, we couldn't believe that 1.5 hours had flown by. 
I'd been to board game cafes, but the range of games were never this huge and certainly, I've never seen such a big and engaged crowd. Apparently, this place is always packed. 
$5/ person for as long as they want. 
They also serve basic food- sandwiches, coffee/tea/juices etc. to keep people there

The only thing I'd note is...the furniture looks like a college basement...tables are very uneven, foldable metal chairs...very basic. I don't think it'll hurt with better furniture?! But otherwise, a fun place and i'm sure a great way to meet other board gamers. Great alternative to 'just another bar' on the weekend.笑
What a wonderful experience we had. Jonathan the game guru was great....he was friendly, thorough and actually sat down and played our first round of games with us. Games he had suggested  based on our group....awesome   We were also very happy to see gender neutral bathrooms. Also...the Nutella latte. Perfect笑
Arrived and told 7th in queue for table of 4. See 5 empty tables immediately. Waited 30 min 3 tables still empty but only 5th on the list. Needs to learn to manage their queue and tables so that customers don't stand around waiting for tables that are already unoccupied.

Not in a rush to go back笑
Let the games begin!

Remember back in the day, when kids played board games instead of Nintendo DS?  I guess when I was a kid, we couldn't lug the Atari everywhere!

Once I stepped foot in Snakes and Lattes, I felt like I was a kid again... except I've graduated from Candy Land and Hungry, Hungry Hippos to... well, okay fine, I still like Hungry, Hungry Hippos..

$5 cover for hours of...
Games! Games!
Apples2Apples!
Bananagrams!
Settlers!
...And every other board game under the sun!

Also, my latte came with a foam art face!  OMG, so cool! 

There should be a time limit here but there isn't.
You might be waiting for awhile.

I had so much fun here!
F -  U  -  N   

Any challengers for Bananagrams? =P笑
In a neighborhood of Korean restos, chain coffee shops and scrubby college dives, Snakes and Lattes stands out. An indie coffee shop with an entertaining twist and lively employees? I am in!

Checked it out last night for a latte. Yes, predictable, since it's in the name, but they don't disappoint. My barista took his time making a truly top-notch latte with the yin-yang symbol as latte art! When I complimented his artistry, he was friendly and fun. The staff here is all like that. With thousands of games, they can explain how they are organized by card game, board game, trivia game, etc, and if you are looking for a particular title, tell them. They'll find it for you.

At 6PM on a Thursday, the place was filling up with 20-somethings looking for a relaxing evening in good company. This place packs them in! I suggest arriving by 5:30 on a weekday and God knows when on a weekend, especially now that the cold weather is coming.

I didn't try the food, but they have an array of pastries and sandwiches. They even offer beer.笑
Snakes and Lattes is great. If you're going on a weekend, prepare for an intense wait (or reserve FAR in advance). But at the same time, you can stay for hours and no one bats an eye.

Every game you could possibly imagine lines the shelves, and the staff know how to play every single one - so you can pull something off the shelf and discover a new favourite! There's a ton of staff wandering around to answer your questions, though flagging someone down to take your order can be a bit more difficult. But the food is good and cheap (5 dollar sandwiches, and a lot of snacks) and the coffee and beer are the same.

Definitely a great way to spend a lazy afternoon. Good for groups or for just two people.笑
Snakes and Lattes was recommended by a date. At first I thought it was a dorky concept but then it dawned on that it's actually the best spot to go on first dates. As we played some Trivial Pursuit, I quickly learned that my date, to put it delicately, doesn't know many things. Aside from that, I am now totally onboard with the idea. If you've ever been embarrassed at a party for not knowing the rules to a board game, like I have, this is the place to come and learn it. They have a game expert who will teach you how to play pretty much any board game you can think of.笑
This review is solely based on my retail experience here when I went this week to purchase the Cards Against Humanity set. 

I hate it when independent stores over charge on items. Truly. And i felt really crappy about makign this purchase here. Let me explain the situation.

My husband and I enjoyed playing Cards against humanity over the weekend. On Monday i decided that I would purchase a complete set for him for his birthday. I immediately hit the internet and found that through their direct website you could purchase the set and have it delievered. Only thing was I was on a time crunch. http://www.cardsagainsthumanity.com/ - i went to the ordering page and after shipping my total came up to $73.45 (including the taxes of 8.45). 

When I went to Snakes and Lattes I was psyched to see there was a 10% discount on Yelp for checking in. When I asked about it, i was informed that it did not apply to Cards against Humanity products because in their words, they sold enough of them to not make it worth saving the consumer a few bucks. Jeez, nice. So after tax the total ended up being $90.34 - that doesnt even include any shipping fees. 

So a $65.00 product (68.25 after tax) ends up being hiked up $22.09 (30% increase) if you purchase in store. And they wont even offer a 10% check in offer. Frankly, if you have the time to wait for the delivery just order it through the direct site which takes you to Shopify (http://cardsagainsthumanity.myshopify.com/) - and save yourselves 10.00 and get it shipped for free.

Ive never been here for the games or environment but this really left a sour taste in my mouth. I would never buy any games here again based on this experience.笑
This is the place where I learned how to play The Settlers of Catan.  I loved the atmosphere.笑
I'm torn writing this review. Many good things happened which would easily make this a 4-star review, but many not-so-good things happened which dragged it down. So 2 stars it is.

When I arrived I put my name down for a table and was told it would be a 40 minute wait. This seemed pretty good as I've heard the wait can be much longer on average. To kill time I went down the street with two of the other people I was with to grab a bite to eat. The wait ended up only being a half hour and the guy managing the reservations said they would hold the table for an extra 15 minutes for us as we had just gotten our food nearby and needed to quickly eat it.

Our table was on the new (unlicensed) side of the cafe. I found it a little odd that we were just sort of shipped off on our own and told to find the table with the elephant on it. The three of us got settled and waited for our fourth to join. Being our first time we weren't really sure what to expect. We didn't know if we could just go over to the wall to pick a game or if we were supposed to request one from our server who had yet to make an appearance. We decided to just dive in.

After the ladies I was with got over the fact that we weren't going to be playing Mall Madness (though they did do a good job trying to sell me on it with my love of all things retail) I grabbed a copy of Dutch Blitz, a lesser known but easy to learn card game. As we were about to get started someone came by to take our order. The three ladies went with smoothies and I a London fog. Now it was time to get gaming.

We cleared the table as this is a game of speed and the hands get flying. As I was taking our table through the rules and process of the game two of the smoothies came out, which was surprisingly quick. The third smoothie took a little longer. After a couple rounds of Blitz I was starting to wonder where my tea was. Just then a staff member came by, with a sort of snarky attitude, and explained to us that we had to keep the elephant on the table so that the staff would know where to deliver our orders. Being our first time we didn't realize this was their process and happily rectified the situation. There was no need for attitude from the staff member. By this point my tea wasn't really all that hot, but I didn't complain or send it back as part of the problem was sort of our fault for taking the elephant off the table. Though not hot, the London Fog was well done.

After completely schooling my gaming companions at Dutch Blitz we decided to move on to Sequence. Just then the snarky employee came back to tell one of the ladies I was with that there was a gentleman that would like her number but was too shy to come over himself. The other two ladies I was with immediately jumped up and asked the employee to take them over to him. A few moments later they came back with him and his friend to join our table. We decided to play Catchphrase as a little bit of an icebreaker. After that we got introduced to a game called Spot It, which was really easy and a ton of fun.

As it approached 11pm we decided to call it an evening. While we were paying we were discussing the game Fluxx and was explaining how the game worked when it was mentioned that I seemed to know a lot about board games. I said that up until recently I had worked at an independent toy store and sold many different board games. The snarky employee made a comment that she wasn't going to comment on my board game knowledge but continued to say that it was really only mainstream games. Again an unnecessary comment.

This staff member really ruined the experience for me and the ladies I was with. She acted like we were trying to show her up or something. The whole taking the elephant off the table thing seemed to set her off and it was downhill from there. While normally I probably wouldn't come back after an experience like this I know that this is really a great place and I did have fun with the people that I was with so I won't let this one incident be the precedent set. All of the other staff we encountered during our visit were quite friendly and helpful, we just happened to get one bad apple.笑
Key Features: A ton of games to play

You like board games?  No...  alright.  Thanks for stopping by.  Next.  Wait?  You do.  Great.  Come on, read a little more.

Snakes and Lattes is a pretty good space, that becomes slightly more crowded as the day goes on.  Get in early, find yourself a table, and be ready to play games.  All day.

You can eat food too - but I haven't tried that for some time.  Once upon a time I ordered a sandwich, but it was delayed due to the subway trundling underground, knocking the oven door open.  I'm sure they've found a solution for this by now.  Maybe duct tape, even.

It's a fun place - and a good place to learn about games.  The only down side?  $5.00 cover fee.

There are clubs in the city with cheaper entrance.  Now - I know, I know, the money helps them get more games, and replace the ones that fall apart, or have pieces missing.  And that's fine.  That makes sense.  But what I've never understood is why a group of ten people would go in, to play a game.

Some will say, "we want to see what it's like before we buy it."  But - there are ten people each paying five dollars.  Just go to the store, and buy it, and see if you like it.  If not, give it away, and you still ended up with the same amount of money spent.

Not only that - but they have a rule, where once you're in, you're in.  No in and out privileges.  Now I've never seen it enforced - but its existence bothers me.  If you're there to play games all day (and why shouldn't you be, as you've paid a cover) you should be able to head to the Pizza Pizza down the street - not be held hostage to the over priced, subway interrupting, sandwiches.

If there was no cover - five stars all the way.  If cover doesn't bother you, five stars all the way.  For me?  It's a tough sale.  If I'm going with, three friends, even, there are some great stores that I could hit up to just buy a game - and play all day.

Now - if you're in a small apartment, and need the space?  Sure - by all means, head on down.  It's a great place to spend an afternoon.笑
*This review has been reinforced with board game pun power!*

Guess Who? Me again! 

I've been to S&L a few times, and quite frankly, my Cranium just opens the nostalgia floodgates every time, and I go crazy over all of the games that I played early in Life. They really do have everything you could possibly want. They even have Fireball Island, which WILL get played one day, when I have enough players with me.

They have a small variety of cafe-esque snackage for purchase, along with coffees and your standard variety of alcohol.

I've heard plenty of negativity about the Risk of having to wait a long time for a table, and the mind-Boggle behind them having a reservation system, and yet will let people stay as long as they want. I'd have to say that it's true for the most part. However, the staff really does go out of their way to try to accomodate the current players as well as the new blood waiting at the door. Got a party of 8, and all you see are single tables? Fear not, they're happy to just Connect 4 tables, so you can all play together.

The staffers are also very good at popping over to random tables, and offering advice on the games. Don't have a Clue as to how to play Headbanz? They know and will help you.

They have since expanded the playing areas into the downstairs area, but I learned that the poor basement-dwellers are not able to enjoy their alcoholic beverages, as the liquor license doesn't extend to the downstairs area. Balderdash, I say, but unfortunately, it seems the upstairs people have a Monopoly on all of the booze. Sorry! 

Before on I left on my last visit, I was also informed that they're in the process of expanding the property, and once that happens, they'll be updating the liquor license to please everyone, along with having additional table-space.

Get there early, and enjoy the gamey goodness. And stay away from Mouse Trap. Trust me, it was way more fun when your frustrated parents had to put it together when you were little.笑
The only thing that makes this cafe worth it is the vast selection of games. The drinks are terrible and over-priced. I ordered a chocolate milkshake and it literally was just milk and Nes quick. But, since you aren't allowed to bring outside food then they sort of have you there. It is only good if you plan to play A LOT of games and stay A LONG time, otherwise I'd suggest Roll Play Cafe near Dundas because they have better food and are much less crowded.笑
huge selection of games and the servers are familiar with them.  i suppose it can be a little pricely, but it's a fun place to hang out.  coffee ain't too bad either.笑
Really cute café. Great for dates or group hangouts. Came here on a Friday and played chess for a few hours (they close at 2am). The staff are knowledgeable with the games and can make good recommendations on what to play. I also highly recommend the salted caramel latte with almond milk! It was so yummy and not overly sweet. Also got the nutella latte but it was a bit too sweet for me.笑
Love! The white hot chocolate is seriously the best I've ever had. Super laid back atmosphere. Lots of space. Lots of games. Servers are both friendly and attentive. Easy to find. No negative comments whatsoever. :)笑
Tonight was my first time at Snakes and Lattes and I quite enjoyed it. Props to Roma M for planning this game-azing evening.

I love boardgames. I love beer. I love lattes. Hell, I even love quiche -- they appear to have a lot of quiche, even vegan quiche. I didn't eat anything (not even their quiche), but after seeing all of their treats I won't scarf a burger before going next time.

The staff are all very friendly and knowledgeable, especially about their boardgames. And holy crap the boardgames seem to go on for miles. It really is a geek's paradise. I could definitely see myself spending a whole day here and slowly graduating from lattes to beers and from 'Apples to Apples' to 'Things' and then tipsily into one of their totally (and literally) off the wall 80's games. 

We played a game tonight that involved Price is Right style guessing rules with trivia and there was betting. I can't remember what it's called at the moment, but if you described it (in all it's glory) as I just did, one of their super helpful employees will know exactly which game you're talking about. The owner especially seems to be an encyclopedia of game rules, which makes sense as Snakes and Lattes was his brain child.

NB: $5 cover to get in.

GOTTA POINT OUT: I have heard people complain about wait times, being sent to the non-licensed area, etc. I know it takes some forethought but they have a great system for booking tables if you don't want to roll the dice.
http://www.snakesandlattes.com/pages/booking笑
Good price, nice staff, and huge gameboard collection. I came here on Sunday night and first come first serve because they don't take reservation. I waited for 35mins, not bad for weekend.笑
Had a great time here and will definitely be back.  I do wish there was a way to make reservations though as I live in north toronto and it's hard to get down there and then wait 45 minutes or so.  Had fun though and really appreciated the staffs knowledge of the games.  They even sat down with us to play a few rounds until we got the hang of it.笑
This place's concept and business model are both excellent.
Firstly, the food choices are good. We just got lattes but they were excellent, very rich and not too much foam, just how I like them. (Latte art skills could be improved though). The menu itself looked decently extensive 
Board games were $5 a person for playing as long as you want. It's actually an amazing concept to actually do things in a city other than eat, which I find difficult to find at a good price. They had a bit of everything, including 6 packs of cards and humanities which I found impressive.
The place is very spacious and the servers are super nice and accommodating. Would have been great to spend an afternoon here笑
1h to get a table (when we were told 20min).
30min to get a glass of water.
1h to get grill cheese.
Missing pieces in the game.
Teared up manuals (so we can't read them).
Very loud (hard to focus on the game).笑
Just went there for the first time.

I wasn't aware of the board game cover charge but I entirely forgive it, given a great experience. Hot chocolate served as a chocolate on a stick in hot milk which is great, and cappuccino came with a little chocolate. There were little bowls of candies and chips you can buy just to munch while you're gaming and that's a great gimmick.

Staff were super attentive and enthusiastically helped us with understanding our game rules.
Hard to get a table is the con.

We'll be there again for sure. :)笑
Cool place to chill, their late hours are useful for people who are night creatures. I was a tad disappointed they stop taking orders for food after a certain time, most places take orders up until close. But I did have the chance to try some of their latte beverages, and play a few of their games, this is definitely a regular spot and a must check out.笑
Went with some friends for the first time and I didn't know what to expect. However, the only concern is the long wait which I can understand since its very popular.

The selection of board games is vast and it's great that there is someone that goes around giving you a crash course of what the board game your about to play so use that person when you are their to save on time. 

Another issue is that the board games are pretty worn out and some are even missing pieces, cards, etc. so it was difficult to find a reason to stay unless we continue to play the same board game. 

The environment was great, lots of people enjoying themselves and I will be definitely be coming back.笑
If you can get a table, it rocks. For a relatively small fee, you can play any of their MANY games for pretty much as long as you like. Very accommodating, neat atmosphere. Fairly noisy, but it's to be expected. Some of their more popular games are a little worn and some pieces might be missing (such as in Pandemic), but it's obvious that they really try to take care of their games. There were some kids, but thankfully their parents kept them under control.

The servers are all very helpful and passionate, and will even explain the games to you if you ask. My one issue is the food. WAY overpriced. Sandwiches for $15 that are nowhere near worth that much. Coffee and tea is reasonable, and I understand that they don't make enough from people just sitting and playing, but it's still not pleasant.
Really good place though if you're looking to kill an afternoon with some friends. Great selection of games to buy in the front, as well.笑
The board game selection here is really great; they've got something from every genre, and lots of out of print classics. I really liked that they had a section for locally-made games, and you can buy new copies of them. There were several games that I would never have known about and enjoyed had I not seen them on Snakes & Lattes' shelves.

The food is ok, but don't expect to make dinner out of it. The portions are on the small side and the offerings are more appetizer than main course. We didn't feel particularly pressured to order food (we did get some), but I noticed one of the staff was getting annoyed at the couple next to us who didn't order food.

Someone mentioned free wifi in another review; they DO NOT have free wifi. I read somewhere they do that so patrons will stay off their phones and interact with fellow gamers. That's nice, but for an out of town American like me who was relying on wifi to get internet access, it was kind of annoying.笑
Really chill place to come with friends and play some board games while having some nice cafe food. Snakes and Lattes does tend to be really packed though, so be prepared to have to wait a little bit before you're allowed in!笑
First it is not obvious but there is a cover- charge of $6 per person. The drinks are way over priced considering the decor which is basic at best. However that, and the sometimes long wait to get seated are the only negatives. The "games master" when he finally arrived at our table, suggested a fun 2 player game, then very patiently and clearly explained how to play, and stayed with us while we got started to make sure we actually understood. There were loads of options from word to strategy games & classics like Jenga (which was actually very popular) and even the trendy "Cards Against Humanity". You could literally spend all evening there. Probably a great place for a first date. You can learn a lot about people from how they play games and how they behave when they win or lose. Maybe because we went in the evening on a week night but I didn't see any children or families there. And the cover charge is steep if you in bring a lot if children...seems like a more adult venue but at the same time I think kids, especially preteens would enjoy themselves. I didn't tip as I was feeling the sting of the $6 per person fee and the semi hidden charge for the flavour in the hot chocolate but I had fun. Would recommend you tryvit at least once. Great concept, could use a little finessing.笑
I spent two months in Toronto last summer and I came here many times! I had a lot of fun here and it really is just such a good deal. Their food is decent and they have so many board games!

I really just didnt like being seated in the basement cuz it had such ugly decor and it was so hot down there I felt like I was trapped. 

I enjoyed it when we were sitting on the main floor. One time their AC broke, and it was literally 30 degrees in there..this is July in Toronto. It was horrrrible. But that was one time so I wont hold that against them 

i love this place :)笑
Such a great place! We had to wait about 30 minutes for a table but it was definitely worth it! The staff was very friendly, especially the game guru's! Overall great experience and a fun night out with friends/family笑
I think Snakes and Lattes needs to open a bigger location.

+ Wait times are long. When I was there (summer, thankfully) we reserved and then went down the street for a bite to eat. They did hold the table for us for a little longer- plus points.
+The basement gets minus points. Snakes and Lattes is very cool, but the basement is boring.
+The drinks and pastries we tried were VERY good, if not a bit expensive.
+We eventually did move upstairs, where we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. Staff were knowledgeable about games and in helping us find the ones we wanted!
+ I would recommend that you go here, because it really is an awesome spot. However, make sure you come armed with patience, because the wait can be long, and I feel that it's just too busy to make this a regular hangout place.笑
I am a gamesman but I'm not a huge fan of board games.  To paraphrase Triumph, board games are usually played by virgins that own pet snakes/tarantulas that still live in their parent's basement.  I used to play a lot of Risk with my friends - but I think I enjoyed the gambling and drunken yelling part of Risk... well, there was a lot the way we played it. (shrug)  But we eventually evolved to more sophisticated forms of drunken gambling after our balls dropped.

There's really not a whole lot I can add to the mountain of reviews already on this place -- great concept and helpful staff.  But it's basically a casino with gambling removed.  I'm really curious if I can hang out here and hustle backgammon and Risk - I wonder if it's profitable.

We went here on a lazy weekday afternoon so we were seated immediately.  The $5 cover makes sense since most people clearly pitch a tent and camp out here (that's my plan the next time I'm back).  But I can see that place usually has monster waits -- personally, I won't pay more than $5/person -- but perhaps upping the price for busy primetime or charging by the hour would make more sense?  However, I like they offer callbacks and you can reserve ahead of time.

The game selection is pretty impressive.  I've been to plenty of bars/cafes with boardgames -- it's annoying dealing with missing pieces, etc.  But the attention to detail here is great here and the staff will offer to help you if you look a bit confused on what game to choose.  It's not a cafe at all - it's a games room where they sell coffee.  They are also licensed.

It's fun for a lazy afternoon if you and a bunch of friends want to play a variety of games.  But if you have a good idea of what you like to play - it's easier just to buy the game and invite some friends... assuming you're not a dateless loser still living in your parent's basement.笑
Great staff and excellent selection of games. Love the game gurus and their recommendations throughout. Menu is limited for food.笑
If you are looking for something to do, this is the place for you! They have the board game called Life!! Such a fun game! I noticed some people playing these new euro style games. I guess there are new games that people say are waaay better then Life. There's something for everyone I guess.笑
I just went here last night with a friend who is a board game addict - and it's an awesome place.  There are SO many games to choose from, and the fact that you can stay as long as you want and play as many as you want is fantastic.  

Since it was just two of us, we were a little more limited in our game choices, but that's no fault of the establishment.  My friend mentioned an idea that I thought was interesting - some way of joining smaller groups of people to play together.  

Again because it was just two of us, $5 cover was reasonable.  Especially because we were able to play so many different games - but that's because they don't take as long when there's only two.  I agree with previous reviewers that there needs to be some kind of varying price.  Maybe a membership card that grants cover at a lowered price for a year or 6 months or something.  Or a discount price for groups of 4 or more.  

The main issue was the customer service.  There were 4 people behind the counter (and they weren't all busy) and only one person in front of me, but I must have waited a full 5 minutes to place my order for food.  To me that seems too long.  Also, there's not a ton of space.  There was a waiting list for tables by the time we left!  I understand that, being a new business and a completely new type of venture, they didn't want to get in over their heads.  Maybe in the future they'll move to a larger location.  

The quiche I ordered (special of the day, about 4 different kinds of meat with olives) was pretty cheap at $3.50, and I was completely satisfied with it.  

All in all...good food for a cafe, AMAZING game selection, cover needs some re-thinking, and customer service needs the kinks worked out.笑
Let your inner nerd out! This is one of my favourite coffee shop ideas! Snakes & Lattes perfectly combines the coziness of a cafe with the fun and adventure of a good board game to create an atmosphere of nerdy delight. I first discovered Agricola at S&L and have been hooked ever since. If you've never played Agricola before, get yourself down to S&L to play ASAP. The staff were super friendly and helpful, and sat with my friends and me for a good chunk of time to explain how to play Agricola. All the while, I sipped on the most delicious hot chocolate ever, with the chocolate melting off a dip stick. It was magical.

I then went on to defeat all of my friends in Agricola (ok, ok, I didn't win that round, but really, who's counting) and vowed to return to Snakes & Lattes on a weekly basis. While I have only been to this awesome cafe twice and didn't live up to my vow, I have the highest of praise for S&L and know I'll return again soon. 

I've also ordered a couple different board games off of their website and found the experience to be easy, straightforward, and with fast delivery times. The prices listed on Snakes and Lattes' online shop are also very reasonable. 

Get out of your dungeon and go play with some dragons at Snakes and Lattes!笑
Huge selection of board games and food to die for. At 5 bucks for adults and 2.50 for kids it's the best place to spend a Saturday afternoon with the family. It's so totally worth the TTC ride to get there.笑
Visited at 5pm on a Saturday.  We expected a long wait time but 3+ hours was crazy. Headed over to the location on College Street.  We were seated within 45 minutes for a table of 10.笑
Great place! You can invest in this company now 2 wow! AMFE stock!!!! I'll continue to support this place!笑
Very friendly, worldly, knowledgeable staff.. Super busy there but they are always willing to sit down with your group and teach you a new game. 

hundreds and hundreds of games to chose from..

Delicious food, the owners are Parisian from what I recall. Lots of home made options (ahhh the bread is sooo good) 

There are many flavours of coffee, tea and hot chocolate to chose from (hot chocolate consists of melting a chunk of chocolate on a stick into a cup of steamed milk... drooool)  

There is a good chance once you go there, you will be put on a wait list. Prepare for this! I suggest running in there with some friends, putting yourself on the list then grabbing a bite or a few drinks at one of the local places.. 

The $5 per person for unlimited amounts of time was accommodating in the beginning and a brilliant way to develop a clientele base but perhaps now that they have grown, there should be a cap on the time limit per table. (for example 5 dollars per person for first 2 hours, then 5 dollars per hour after that?)  This could certainly reduce wait times and provide a larger profit for the company :) win win!

 Anyway...My heart goes out to these guys! But the wait time is why this place is not a 5.笑
Really fun place to hang out.  Causal and comfortable atmosphere. It's really affordable and they have a hell lotta games to choose from. As for the food and drinks, they're nothing strikingly special. But you are guaranteed a fun time at snake and lattes.笑
I LOVE THIS PLACE!! I have been waiting for this type of cafe to come to Toronto and when it did... OH MY GOD WHY ARE YOU AT BATHURST STATION???

Whatever. 5 stars anyway.

It's $5 cover but their drinks are amazing. Their hot chocolate comes with a cube of chocolate on a stick and it slow melts into your drink. It's so cute! Their white hot chocolate doesn't have this though. I had some strawberry tea and that was sooo gooodd... Alright I'll stop talking about the drinks now.

So yeah, there are two rooms. One serves alcohol, the other doesn't. Beers and board games are a great combination.

When you enter, you see like two tall shelves of games.. and as you keep going, it's a MUSEUM of board games. There a bunch of SHELVES in the other room too! Shelves of games! It's sooooo amazing just seeing that, it's more than what a toy store has.

I came with a group of about 7 so you could probably understand that we'd pick like 20 games we want to try and stack them on our table like true hoggers as we will stay here until we finish all those games.

We ended up playing only 2. It was like 11:30pm though when we went and the place closes at 2am.

When 2am came and other people left without complaints, we were still there trying to finish our game. The staff didn't ever once come and shoo us away. All they said was, "Last call for drinks" at about 1:30 or something. They didn't say ANYTHING when we took our time to finish the game, we took one last stroll around their museum to gawk at the selection, took 2 more washroom breaks... etc... They were so nice. We officially exited the place at 2:20..? or later?

We got there at 10:30, one hour wait. Not bad right? When we called at 8, they told us 3h wait.笑
Brutal. Went on a Saturday night, waited an hour for a table, had some absurdly sweet cocktails--diabetes in a glass.
Where it really went downhill was the staff's desire to leave by 2am on a Saturday night. We were never told when we were sat that they have an earlier last call than everyone else in the city, which is useful info to have when your table is only available late, you are paying cover for said table, and you begin a board game thinking you have X amount of time. 

A guest should never feel unwelcome, that's the basic rule of hospitality. There is nothing redeeming to this place. Lighting is awful, drinks are bad, service and policies worse.

So they have board games. Too bad they don't have anything else.笑
Every city needs a place like this.  I love board games but gambling on a new one and then learning all the rules only to find out its not for you can be frustrating.  At Snakes and Lattes they will recommend games for you based on what you might like and even sit down to teach you how to play!  It's pay one price, you can stay as long as you want and they also serve pretty good milkshakes smoothies and sandwiches.  All-in-all it was an amazing experience.  I hope something like this exists in London soon.笑
I've been to this location a few times to play games with friends... Great ambience!  Pretty good food (got a nutella latte and a meat quiche).笑
$5 for unlimited board games is an excellent deal. Came with a group of 12 (we had to book 3-4 weeks ahead of time). Played for a couple of hours. The waitresses and other people working there are pretty knowledgeable about the games available. They also came to check on us frequently, which was nice. 

As for food/drinks - Had a nutella iced latte, which wasn't that great (it's normally non-iced.. that's probably why). They also have some yummy looking desserts and sandwiches, which are a bit on the pricey side.

Great place to hang out with friends, would come again.笑
Boardgames, coffee, good company, and you can stay as long as you like...... pretty damn good place I'd say. The only drawback is that if you don't make a reservation a month in advance, you'll have to be put on a waiting list and the wait could be for hours! Unfortunately not a place to just drop by - one that needs planning, or flexibility in your evening. If you do decide to do a walk-in, they take your phone number so they can call you once there's an opening.

$5 per person for a night of fun!

So many different games and the staff is more than happy to help you choose a couple. 

The salted caramel latte was amazing -- the fact that they make a design with the foam only makes it sweeter. They have some baked goods and sandwiches if you get hungry too.

When you're in good company, you can stay for hours on end. We stayed til closing and the staff was awesome about it -- reminding us about how much time we had left. 

Who doesn't like boardgames?! Love this place.

Games to play? Ghost blitz, cards against humanity, cranium, the settlers of catan, monopoly deal, balderdash, catch phrase...笑
I came here with a group of about 10 people which is not ideal as the place is usually very packed. By the end of the night, our group was scattered all over the place.  The service was really great, all staff members were very knowledgeable with their VERY extensive collection of games and were more than happy to explain them. Sometimes they'll even sit and watch you play for a few minutes adding to a more personal experience. The staff is very friendly and I like that the owners are francophone (service in both official Canadian languages). 

I want to give them 4 stars but instead I give them 3 for two reasons: 

1) The sitting fee, which is completely understandable if you only plan on going there to play games, but if you want to get drinks, snacks or food, it can start to add up rather quickly. Plus, their way of collecting the $5 sitting fee was a bit unorganized, and especially chaotic if you come with a large group. I wonder how they keep track of who has paid or not? Word of advice: Don't come with a group larger than 5, eat/drink elsewhere beforehand, and you'll be good to go! 

2) The other reason is the fact that it's extremely cramped/crowded in there, so if you're not a fan of super busy/crowded environments, this is probably not a good place for you.笑
I've only been here once, and I absolutely LOVED it!! They've done just about everything right here at Snakes & Lattes from the creative, catchy name of the place to the wide, HUGEEEE assortment of games. If only we had something like this back here in the states. (sighhh wishful thinking lol) 

So let me start off by mentioning the wait. Yes you can, and will wait if you just come here. However what's great is they will take your phone number to call or text you to inform you that your table is ready instead of holding one of those buzzer things that you can only stay within a few ft away from the location lol. What's even better is you can also schedule a time slot online on their website similar to a reservation.  

Second is the price, plain and simple you can't beat it!!! It's only $5 per person...unlimited play. Yes unlimited!! Most places I would guess would make you pay by hour and by person probably. 

We didn't eat here being that we came during dinner time. It's mostly sandwiches, wraps things of that nature that are served here but check it out yourself. We all decided to get drinks instead. They have a variety of shakes, coffees, lattes, expressos, etc. They also have a bar as well, however during the time we came their liquor license wasn't active. I didn't mind though, instead I ordered a coffee after all we were driving back to NJ in a few hours lol.

Now their games, I have never seen so many!!! Even at toy stores there isn't this many choices, which I envy. What I love is there are familiar games, some I've heard of but never played, and some I've never seen at all. But what I love the most is they are categorized on the book shelves similar to the app store lol or a library, so if you have a preference you can just look in the designated area. And yes there is a section near the entrance where you can purchase games too!

Finally last but not least the atmosphere. The wall decor of various artwork all throughout was magnificent. It's very much modern, colorful and bright. Being an artist myself I couldn't take my eyes off all the illustrations. The tables are very spacious even for big groups. It especially helps when you are playing boardgames to sit comfortably, and to have enough distance in case of roaming, cheating eyes among your group lol.

Overall I absolutely loved this place, and wish there was something similar to this here. I highly recommend it!! You are guaranteed to have fun with friends here.笑
Yes. These people got it right. 

The atmosphere  is very calm, hipster and quaint. They have every game I could think of. Their menu is not extensive but everything I've eaten off the menu has been delicious (including their lattes). Their staff are super friendly, helpful and not to mention funny. The place is clean, including their bathrooms. It is affordable and pretty big. 

The downfall? It is so popular that wait times can get out of hand on friday and saturday night (1-2 hours). You cannot reserve or call ahead. The solution? There are just about a trillion other coffee shops nearby, we usually go put our names down and chill at second cup or aroma until we get a text and thankfully its always been shorter than expected.

Why I love this place so much? My fiancee proposed to me here earlier this year...its our place :)笑
I really, really want to like Snakes and Lattes. I'm a board game fan already, so I was looking forward to using Snakes and Lattes as a place to discover games I hadn't been able to try and to have a nice place to play with my friends when I didn't feel like cleaning. I think, and this is not necessarily a bad thing, that the people who have given this place very good reviews have done so because they are not gamers already. Yes, Settlers of Catan is really fun, and yes, you got to play it because of Snakes and Lattes, but really, you would have had just as much fun playing Settlers of Catan in a Starbucks. 

It seems to me that Snakes and Lattes is just absolutely not ready for customers. The first time I went I really enjoyed the game I played, but my order was wrong and it took my friend 45 minutes to get a ham sandwich. 

The second, third, and fourth times I went I didn't get in. This time, I emailed them to ask to be put on the waitlist as is suggested on their facebook page. When I got there, I wasn't on the waitlist. I asked why. 

"We didn't get your email."
"Okay, I sent it to this address."
"That's right."
"Okay... I'll send it from a different address maybe?"
"No, it's our address. Who knows." 

Note that it wasn't "sorry! we lost your email!"  It was just a shrug. No apology. I asked for a phone number for next time and he waffled. Seriously? Your email address doesn't work -- you admitted it doesn't work -- and you can't give me a phone number? And you can't even apologize for not putting me on the waitlist? 

This place is for people who a) don't mind waiting three hours or work strange shifts and b) have no board games of their own or no friends who like board games. If you have your own collection and your own friends, stay away: Snakes and Lattes doesn't want your business.笑
This past Sunday was my first time at Snakes and Lattes since their expansion, and also my first visit in many months.

Snakes and Lattes has really come a long way from the early days of reservations scrambled down on pieces of paper and fire code violations due to being over the maximum occupancy.

When I was there on Sunday there was a hostess whose full time job seemed to be taking reservations and making sure the customers flowed in and out appropriately. The hostess and each server sported touch screen devices with apps for both taking reservations and placing orders.

This was a definite step up from the early days. During a previous visit in December 2010, I had to wait for a slice of quiche for 30 minutes, and was eventually told after inquiring that they had forgotten to put it in the oven. Snakes and Lattes has definitely improved their organization and the whole operation seems smoother and more refined. There is a plastic toy animal at every table to help with assigning sitting and delivering orders. 

The servers are reasonably friendly and helpful, and the pony-tailed game masters are always a pleasure to chat with. The pony-tailed guy seemed very passionate about board games and it was clear that he wasn't solely doing the job for a paycheck.

People might complain about the small size of some tables or the fact that their quiches have gotten thinner over time while not getting cheaper, but for me all of this is secondary to the board games. I come to S&L for games, and not for the food. The selection is very good, and you can always find someone to recommend games for your party or explain the rules.

The only reason for the four star rating is that S&L is not for everybody. Are you looking for culinary greatness? Do you want very prompt service? Then S&L might not be for you. 

But, for my purposes, S&L is definitely 5/5. As far as I know, there is no other board game cafe in the GTA. Even though my friends and I had to wait over 2 hours for a table, it was still worth it.笑
Fun concept, impossible to get a table. Sick of going out of my way to get turned away every time. We always need a backup plan, which is always used in the end. I quit trying after a dozen failures. If you can, go at odd times like mid afternoon on a weekday because your luck might just be better.笑
Loved it! This is a great place to spend a day with your friends in. They have a wide variety of games to choose from, some you may have never even heard of. Staff are friendly, but if you are going on weekends you may want to call ahead and make reservations. Lots of fun times spent  here!笑
This place is amazing. 
I can't even think of anything bad to say about it. the food and drinks are good, although a little pricey, but worth it. The board games are limitless. The atmosphere is to die for. love to come again any time.笑
Really cool ... BUT has anyone ever took into consideration the amount of dirty fingers that have touched all the game pieces and cards you are playing with? I did not at one point see any staff member sanitizing a game after it was used .... Also, there is no section to place your game after it has been used that shows that the game will be cleaned and sanitized .... I know it's not a law that the games should be cleaned after they have been used ... BUT HOW GROSS IS THAT? Just while I was there I saw the individuals beside me touch their sweaty foreheads and then play with the playing cards and game pieces. I was unaware that things would not be cleaned before I went there , but I wanted to check it out because the idea of it was cool... But I  will NEVER go back. I rather play with clean things.笑
Unless you have recently moved to Toronto, you have absolutely no reason to never have heard of or stepped foot into Snakes & Lattes. Being the first cafe to opened up in Toronto with the boardgame concept, it is a popular location for many people to come in and have a good time. Sometimes it would get so full that you'd have to wait before getting a table. Unlike restaurants where food could be consumed quickly, some board games could take a couple of hours (and multiple that for every game afterwards).

When I arrived, it was the first day the cafe reopened after their two-week renovation. They only needed to add some final touches before full completion. The renovation pretty much changed the entire layout of the cafe. They knocked down the wall that separated the two rooms (which I had no idea one of the rooms existed until the second or third time I visited) to make it more spacious than it was before. Since they recently renovated, a lot of other things are in the works as well. Everything on the menu won't be finalized until the end of the February. Also, they are no longer allowing people to book tables online beforehand. They found this to be unfair for anyone who stopped by but was unable to get a table. They only allow bookings now if you have a group of 7 or more people. From there, each person is charged $7.50 per head. In the price, it includes the $5 gaming fee and then $2.50 goes towards drinks and food. So for a group of 7, that would be $17.50 for food. The barista, Patrick, also told me that they are planning on another small reno, making a separate room for larger groups.

Honestly, I cannot express how every Torontonian should go to Snakes & Lattes at least once. You would get to discover fantastic games you wouldn't have otherwise. (I personally never play board games outside of Snakes & Lattes). I didn't realize how competitive and strategic I could get until I was placed in front of The Settlers of Catan. Don't know how to play something? They have knowledgeable employees who would explain the game from beginning to end!

Also, they have such amazing mikshakes! Try their Chocomint or Monkey Mocha milkshake if you haven't already. (I have yet to try their coffee-based drinks. I heard their Nutella latte is pretty darn good though!) Milkshakes could now be customized! You could either choose a chocolate or vanilla milkshake for $4.50 and then you could add more flavours for either $0.50 or $0.75.笑
I really love the concept of this cafe, since my friends and I are board game fans. The staff is friendly and will help you find the game you are looking for, or make recommendations on games your group might like. There is probably every board game in existence in this shop. Great for a group of friends to chillax.

The place is big, the only thing I wish they would do is to make the big game room that is next door to the main room have more light, it is kind of dark in there, I like bright places for cafes and playing board games.笑
They seem to have recently enlarged their gaming space. Loved the service, very knowledgeable.笑
Don't normally visit Bathurst and Bloor area too often but since it was my last day being back at home and a few friends wanted to get together so we all decided to try this place out. Heard many good and fun things about this place but just never got the chance to go and try it out. 

I guess the day I went which was a Wednesday was a good day! HUMP DAY and $5 beers! and I think it's always just $5 for admission? But that's a good deal! Get drunk and play board games!! I guess it was $5 beer Wednesday therefore the place was quite busy and had to wait for a seat for awhile...  But anywho! The place is pretty deep in terms of square footage. From looking out on the street I wouldn't have known they have such a large space inside. Lots of seating and right when you walk in there is a bookshelves with tons of board games that you can purchase! Also near the centre of the place there is a barista/ bar area which is pretty neat. 

The customer service was very friendly and very attentive to our table. We played 3 games and when we were stumped on choosing a game we could just simply and ask the board game GURU who knows practically every single game on the shelf. Dude must really love board games.

Really fun and enjoyable experience with friends. Definitely would go back more than once.笑
I will not hail the concept, which has already been judged by everyone before me as a great idea.
 
But I went few weeks ago, and one thing got my attention as soon as I entered: this place has atmosphere, there is soul here.
 
You might even find it intimidating at first. Some were totally hypnotize by their game, others were trying hard not only to conquer the territory of the opponent, but also the heart of the pretty girl who was watching them play.
 
For more often than not, playing a game reveals our nature - and it's not always shiny. But it's a good way to know your friends better - and perhaps to discover a little bit more about yourself. On a different note, I haven't had such a laugh in years.
 
Admittedly, there is room for improvements: one has a hard time circulating between tables and there is not always someone to explain the rules of some of the many (and fascinating) games they offer here. By judging by the quality of the guys who run the place, I'm not worried about such minor details: they'll fix them in no time.
 
You need to keep in mind that they only opened the place 2 months ago... and already managed to build a unique atmosphere. And that is indeed the most important!笑
Excellent game selection and fun place.  The food is way overpriced for what you get (I could have went to Quizno's and got a way higher quality sandwich both bigger and cheaper than this place).  The lattes were just okay but nothing amazing, we mostly come here just for the games.  The staff were a bit stand-offish the last time I went, but when you do get to talk to them, they are very friendly.  The atmosphere is nice but I feel it could be cleaner (I definitely like Roll Play's atmosphere better, but I come here more because of the extensive game selection).  Regardless, I'll still come back.笑
Cool place, and very spacious for downtown. I was not impressed with paying 18% gratuity. There was 6 of us, and all they did was carry us our drinks. If I knew they would pull that crap we would have went in separate and just sat together. 
I wasn't a huge fan of the service either. The hostess, although pleasant, was far to anxious to work in this industry. My friend just wanted water, and had to ask 3 times to get it.
All in all, I'll be going back. Great games, very clean, and decent milkshakes.笑
Idea is fun. I think most people there were first time visitors since this place has received lots of attn via BlogTO, Groupon, etc, etc. 

A group of about 5 of us went Saturday afternoon soon after they opened (1:30) and already almost all the tables were full. There seems to be no order in which to get a table if things are full...so it's grab what you can. Could be really annoying if someone swoops in and steals a seat from you.

You pay $5 to get in. OK. Then there is a sign that says "No in and out privileges" .... basically if you're there for a few hours and you get hungry or thirsty you buy from them. I get that. But what I don't get...is with this rule asking us not to order anything because they were busy- we're goddamn hungry. 

Well couldn't I just run down the street to Pizza Pizza and be done with it? Not unless you want to pay that $5 again. So be sneaky when you run to Pizza Pizza like I was. The sandwiches in there looked...not good. 

There was a customer who came up to the cash when I walked in and was like:

"Hi, um, excuse me...we actually ordered a chai latte"
"Well I wrote down latte"
"Well...we asked for a chai latte?"
"Well...my paper doesn't say that? So...what do you want me to do? Make another....UGHHH OK I guess I can just give me a minute OK? I'm really busy"

It was bad to treat a dude like that...even worse to do it in front of a big group of people who just walked in. Anyways, they've got lots of boardgames which is fun. But the some of the staff need some serious lessons in how to run a business. 

Boy, was that Pizza Pizza good.笑
Games are everywhere. It's comfortable, there are couches, and it just feels wooden and cozy

The staff really know their stuff, and will spend as much time as necessary to help you learn a new game. 

Very seriously, you could pick any obscure game with the most complicated rule set that makes your head spin, and these guys will go through the whole break down, and even walk through a first round. I was shocked at how much time they spent with us and with the other tables. 

Nowhere else gives you that much time and knowledge for only $5.笑
Such a cute idea! 
I love games so I can really appreciate the creativity. We need more places like this in T.O!
I'm a fan! :)笑
Snakes and Lattes is my second experience in a board game cafe ambience. The  entrance fee is $5, which is cheaper than other board game cafes I've been to.

The cafe drinks are priced around $3-5, and adding that to the entrance fee it comes around to ~$8-$10. This is standard fare price in comparison to doing other activities (mini-putt, laser tag, etc.)

The board game selection is very expansive, and there is no time limit on the time you can stay there after paying the entrance fee.笑
Fantastic place to play games and hang out with friends. Ordered a nutella latte and it was served with some beautiful latte art and tasted great - the milk was at the right temperature for a latte. I love that the employees briefly explain the rules of the game and can recommend similar ones.笑
I was so excited about this place when I first heard about it and finally got to check it out this past Sunday. The service was excellent, coffee decent, and the selection of games was impressive. Being pretty inexperienced with more advanced board games, I found the help useful but a little forceful. When picking games, I was eager to look through for myself to find what I wanted, and being stopped and offered games instead is thoughtful but a little annoying. If I want help, its good to know its there and I can ask for it, but I'd much prefer to ask for it, rather than have it thrust upon me. My friends and I were having an awesome time just figuring out the rules to a game and setting up, but were a little turned off when one of the staff members sat down at our table and explained the game...and then hovered over us...for about 10 minutes...A bit imposing.

As I said, I give the place four stars, and I thought all the guys there were great, but I hope they can be a little more passive and let people learn and find games for themselves, or it may be a bit of a deal breaker for me and my friends.笑
This place is solid. I have been here a few times now as it is close to home. 

I would give it 5 stars but my major beef is complete lack of space (-1 star). Seriously...there are never any seats! They need more seating. Every time I walk by (multiple times daily) it is always rammed with no empty seats/tables to be found. It appears many people just sit there for 4-5 hours in a row. 

Otherwise, it's pretty fabulous. They have an entire wall of games to play. The coffee and snacks are good and the service was excellent.

Hopefully the hype over this place eventually dies down and it becomes possible to get a table without waiting for over an hour. But something tells me the current game-nerds here will continue to hold a "monopoly " over Snakes & Lattes.笑
Slightly belated review, seeing as how I've been coming to S&L for years. What can I say... You pay $5, can camp out as long as you wish playing all kinds of games, get friendly service (both in terms of food/drink and board game help), and have access to delicious caffeinated beverages.

In my experience here, the food/baked goods are mediocre at best, so I make sure to eat before coming.

The wait times can be annoying (which is why some folk have switched over to the competition), but you just have to know when to come. The flat fee here demolishes the hourly fee at the competition... True board-game nerds dedicate entire days and nights to their gameage.

I'm a loyal S&L lady! Can't wait to booze it up at Snakes & Lagers.笑
Snakes and Lattes has great customer service, this is a really important yet often overlooked aspect of any business. They are prompt in replies to emails and try to be as flexible as they can be. I made a reservation two months prior for June 22nd and at the last minute had to change it. They couldn't guarantee I'd get a table, but lo and behold everything worked out. I love that they text you to let you know your table is ready - I really hate getting phone calls.

Food prices are expensive, but with a $5 cover and no time limit I'd be happy to pay their prices. Everyone was really great, even when I was just popping in to buy a game. I love it here and will definitely be back with more people in tow.

Oh and the strawberry cheesecake milkshake is SO DELICIOUS.

My only criticism is they really need to get proper tables for the couch area. It's hard to play a non-board game like Carcassonne the City on tables with slats.笑
Great concept and was amazed at the number of board games they offered. Even more amazed at how nice and helpful the employees were even though they were sooo busy. It seemed like they know every game they had in store. The latte was really good, but the quiche I tried wasn't so great. It was already heated but still wasn't warm enough when it was served, and it was a bit hard too. However I did enjoy my visit and I felt like I could stay there for the whole day and play all the games. Learned a lot as well from the games.笑
Excellent sandwiches, solid coffee and a huge selection of games to play. Really affordable too.

You should definitely take a 3-5 hr block of time and grab a bunch of friends and play games for the afternoon.笑
Oh man I love this place! Came here to play Monopoly & Life with some friends and things got pretty heated. Good thing there were drinks to cool us down. The atmosphere is really chill and the staff are very nice. Once you sit down it's just you and the group. No annoying waiter comes every five minutes to check up on you, and you're expected to stay awhile. If only I lived closer to Bloor, I'd drag my friends here all the time.笑
Snakes and lattes is just a great place. 
They have all the board games in the world. For $5 it's all you can play board games. 
They let you stay there for as long as you want. They teach you to play the games that you don't know. And they serve food, drink AND alcohol.笑
Service I don't think was very good. We got a basic introduction at the host but when we got a table, none of the servers/game masters came to our table to get us set up. The place wasn't packed so I don't understand why they can't make time to greet us. At the onset, we hailed a server and I ordered a Nutella hot chocolate (2 drinks for this order). I believe it took a long time to get it although I was a bit distracted by the games. while waiting for the hot chocolate, I had time to look at the game selection, take a few games out, a friend arrived and they ordered a few more drinks/food, then when we were well started on monopoly, it finally arrived.

The Nutella hot chocolate came in a cute Snakes & Lattes Mug with a leaf latte art. I liked it however there was not a lot of drink for $5.
Please be aware no outside food or drinks are allowed and if they see it, they will point it out.

We spent 5 Hours playing one game of Star wars monopoly (they did not have the original). The board and things really took up the whole table. no room really for our bags.笑
Great place, started coming here when it first opened and am so happy to see they've succeeded, increased their seating space and now also sell board games for very competitive prices. Staff are friendly and knowledgeable, ambiance is great, place is run in an organized manner. Toronto should be proud to have a place such as this!笑
I would have given this a 5/5 after my first visit.  Snakes & Lattes is unique, creative, and a cheap night out on the town.  But what I loved the most was that unlike other night options around the city - this option was designed to bring people together over discussion, laughter, a battle of the minds.  In other words: We bond over BOARD GAMES - something everyone can enjoy and play for hours on in.  To bring this place up a notch - they even served well priced alcohol and have some great shakes and coffee too!

"So how can you only give them 3 stars" says you?  Easy my compadre: It comes down to two facts:

1) It has now become incredibly difficult to get a seat at this joint in the evenings in the latter half of the week.  If you show up late - you're not getting in.  Think having your name 4th on the waiting list is great?  Nope - you still end up waiting 2 hours to hear back from them.  But wait.. call ahead!  Great idea!  I call 30 minutes ahead and ask for a table and am told "Yeah there's space and you can get a table in 30 minutes - just give me your name".  I get there and... am now on the waiting list and was obviously lied to.  There's no winning here.  

2) So what happens if you DO get that highly coveted table?  There's a good chance you'll be sent to the dungeon of Snakes & Lattes... i.e. their basement.  I think it's great that they expanded to fit more people in.  The problem is that their basement is highly undesirable and not conducive to sitting around and having a good time.  It's small, cramped, and uninviting.  I would honestly rather take a board game and play on the sidewalk outside.  

I think Snakes & Lattes has a great opportunity with this business.  They'll just have to move quickly to solve their BIG problem of always being full and allowing people to sit down and play games for an unlimited amount of time.  Yes you are doing a great job of serving THOSE customers - but you have dozens of potential customers not coming to your business because they know they can't get a seat.  And don't be surprised if they don't bother coming back again.笑
Food Quality & Price: I found that for the price, the food was not very good.  Most of our group (included myself) would rate the food about a 2/5.  Likely would not order again unless we were starving.  Even for $4 it was totally not worth it.  The drinks were decent. 3.5/5. Hot chocolate was great, lattes only so-so.  Very average.  However, you're not here for the cuisine.

Facility: Main level is clean and spacious.  Definitely could fit more tables if they wanted to (but that's subject to staff availability).  Washroom are disgusting though.  Mirrors need a wipedown, toilets need to be fixed and everything generally needs to be maintained.  Really gross.

Service: Originally, our order was taken by Emily. She was friendly but she totally vanished and only showed up near the end of our 4 hour stay.  During that time, Fergus was our server (he was attentive and enthusiastic).  Food was delivered sporadically and one of our groupies' order never came. After being kind of lost as to what new games we wanted to try out, Jonathan came to the rescue with his knowledge of games and was very good at explaining the rules. Generally, we were very happy with the service around the games, but everything from booking to food was a flop.

Booking: I felt like this needed a section on it's own.  As other reviews have said.  An absolute nightmare.  I booked a month and a half in advance for a table of 8 and was told that I would receive confirmation within 24 hours of my booking.  I did not.  Instead, I sent several emails back, made phone calls and PERSONALLY dropped by the establishment to confirm my reservation.  FINALLY, almost three weeks later (after receiving 8 RSVPs), I was notified that my reservation was cancelled.  I called, dropped in AGAIN and sent back emails expressing my displeasure. Snakes and Lattes reluctantly agreed to accommodate my group of 8 (but only have suggesting that we cut down to a group of 4, no way). They repeatedly told me not to expect to be seated at the reserved time since they had planned a tournament that day.  Upon arrival, our table was ready 15 minutes prior to our reservation and there was plenty of room to open new tables. I echo other reviews in their comments that the booking/reservation system is garbage.  It needs to be completely revamped and someone needs to handle this with more respect and consideration.

Overall: A fun place to go with friends, just don't expect anything spectacular about the food or drink or service. I would probably come back if other friends have booked, but I don't think I will try to book again. It seems that the place prides itself on its "hipster vibe"; shoddy booking system, way too laid back staff, mediocre quality food, and dirty washrooms. It really seems that most of how Snakes and Lattes works is "too cool to care".  So I supposed like more hipster things, it's overrated.

TIPS: Some good/short/fun games to play with a large group of 8 - try Say Anything and Anomia.笑
It's nice here. The atmosphere is really inviting. So are the employees. 

Honestly if you have time to kill with some good company over a friendly competitive game of monopoly where you know for sure you'll lose, this is the place to do so. 
Not much in regards to vegan dishes other than a salad but you make do with what the menu offers. 

It's also pretty INEXPENSIVE. (Which is always a bonus)笑
Unlimited board games from an enormous library for a mere $5 a head?  Check.  Friendly board game geeks ready to suggest, recommend and teach new games?  Check.  A selection of food, drinks, milkshakes and other board-game-playing fuel?  Check.

I could spend an entire day here and be happy as a kid in Candyland.  Why does this not exist in London???笑
This place is AMAZING! I don't even live in Toronto but every time I do go I HAVE to go to Snakes and Lattes! 

There are hours and hours of board games to be played and it's fun going with a group of people or even just with a friend! There's a 6 dollar entry fee per person which really isn't that bad especially when it's so easy to be in there for hours. 

I really like that they have light munchies on their menu (popcorn, candy bowl) all at reasonable prices. Plus they also have things like sandwiches or mac n' cheese! 

Over all every single time I've been there I've been super happy when I've left!笑
Great selection of games. 

staff on the other hand were very slow, or out right ignored us, and cover and over priced items make for a sour taste in your mouth. 

will not be going back. As there are many other board game cafe's in Toronto now笑
Be prepared for late waits when you walk in in the evenings. Usually they say it could be up to two hours but because there is no maximum time, you really never know.
My friends and I like to reserve a spot and grab a drink or food in the many nearby restaurants and bars.
There's many classic games like Jenga and Connect Four and many other games of all types of styles. Be careful though, some popular games like Monopoly Deal and Settlers of Catan are quite worn out.
They are currently expanding the store to increase seating capacity so alcoholic drinks aren't being served. They have a great selection of drinks (try Berry Cheesecake Smoothie!!! and Nutella latte) decent sandwiches. 
They also sell most of the games they carry to take home at the front, which is a nice touch. 
Employees are outgoing, very helpful and super patient. One gentleman (forgot his name) sat with us for about 15 minutes to go through Catan.
It's a good place to go with friends for a casual and relaxing time out.笑
my first time, but not my boyfriend's first. 

Apparently it used to be free, but now there's a $5 cover per person, but you can stay as long as you want.

The games are pretty worn out, there's inconsistency with the chairs in the cafe, and there's a weird funky smell in the store.

Overall i'm not sure if I would come back again. I'll be trying Roll Play Cafe and then decide between the two.

beware, the nose level is pretty high笑
I loved this place till just now. Hosting a big party for10 people, so I called to reserve a spot on Sunday. Over heard staff said "I think we should be okay but advise me to email them to book instead" okay email. email at 2 pm, got response 11pm, saying priority list has been booked but feel free to drop by..
You just don't "drop by" with 10 people!!

I understand it is for the weekend but this email booking thing I just don't get.笑
I spent almost 40$ for the best sandwich, which had just a piece of tasteless chicken and a coffe.. tips included..笑
I recently visited Snakes & Lattes after not being there in years and it has come a long way. The venue has expanded and now has an extensive menu. It is pretty well run and it looked like everyone was having a good time. I would highly recommend this for a first or second date so you can get to know each other. It is also great for friends who just want to do something different. :). It's worth checking out. 

The vegan hot chocolate wasn't as delicious as I thought it would be. I might recommend you try something else if you want something with a rich chocolate flavour.笑
Absolutely brilliant idea for a café; even with the $5 entrance-fee, Snakes & Lattes is one of the better local ways of getting off the Internet. Its premise and its popularity do mean, though, that yeah, it's always absolutely packed. Anyone have a warehouse or empty department-store available for rent somewhere near downtown?笑
I'm a boardgamegeek, so this place is truly a wonderful little cafe for me.  Sure, I own a lot of games, sure I tend to play at my home or the homes of friends... but sometimes a night out Snakes & Lattes is a must!

Chaotic?  Yes, certainly.
Occasional long wait times?  Yes, most definitely.

Worth every penny I've ever spent there?  Yes.  Are you kidding me?  Snakes & Lattes is UNDER PRICED for what you're getting.  $5 for as long as you want to play.  Handmade sandwiches for under $10.  A small but ingenious beer selection.  Good coffee (yes, it's good... every cup I've had was good, and I'm a bit of a coffee snob -- so I don't know what the naysayers had, but it certainly wasn't what I've been drinking there).

Recommendation:  prosciutto with brie sandwich.  Delicious!

Finally, if you're unsure about the boardgame thing -- perhaps a bit intimidated by their more than 1500 titles... don't be.  The staff is uber-friendly, and will cheerfully offer you a number of recommendations you can hardly go wrong with.  AND they'll make sure there's somebody to teach you.

Awesome.笑
On a recent Saturday afternoon, I finally made my way to this perma-hotspot. We'd been warned of lines that grow longer as the day goes on, but there wasn't one. The place was hopping, though. Either way we didn't have to wait because our pals were already holding seats for us at a table, which we Monopol-ized for the next few hours. Sorry not Sorry!

IT WAS A TOTAL BLAST. This speaks more to the games we picked than the establishment, but Snakes & Lattes gets all the credit for hoarding such an excellent variety and giving the city a fun, friendly, well-kempt place to play 'em. Their staff is also happy to help you choose games if you need a Clue.

Because I was having such a lovely time already, and also because treat yo'self, I ordered the tomato & goat cheese quiche ($6.50) with beet salad (+1.50). The quiche was small but the side salad was bigger than expected (and also delicious), so Yahtzee.

Admission is $5 flat, so you can Settle your Cata-ss in a chair for as long as you like.笑
My girls and I decided to stop by here after lunch and best decision ever! We've been wanting to try this place out for months and we finally got to experience it first hand. It was SO much fun! Luckily we didn't have to wait to get a table.
Their Lattes are surprisingly delicious... Actually better than the high end ones that I've had before. Definitely try the hazelnut latte or the salted caramel. Really looking forward to coming back for more games and their Nutella latte. 

The staff are great and so helpful! I was too short to reach for a board game and one of the ladies' offered to give me a hand lol, so thoughtful! 

What you need to know:
It's $5/ person, you can play as many games you want for as long as you want. They won't kick you out, I promise. If I could spend the whole day there, I would, which is what I plan to do some time soon! 
I recommend you all play Cards Against Humanity, if you haven't already. Its hilarious. You'll find out for yourself, eventually.笑
Absolutely IMPOSSIBLE to get a table here other than on a random weekday afternoon!!!!!! Went on to their online booking system and it says that they are booked SOLID until november 14th!!!!!!!!!!!!! HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE!?!?!??!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!笑
The games are okay and the atmosphere isn't bad but I did not have a good experience here. First, the wait time was brutally long.  So long that we put our phone number down and went to tim hortons to wait. After more than an hour passed we got a call and walked over. Since we had been there for so long we had already purchased drinks. 

Normally I wouldn't bring a drink into another establishment but they said there was no food left and hot beverages were on last call. Also the staff did not seem to have a problem with it. We sat down and had the $5 minimum rule explained to us and proceeded to play games. We had a little more than an hour before 2am at this point, so we thought we'd get a couple games in and call it a night. 

Then, the drinks we brought in and tried to keep out of the way disappeared. While we were playing, staff came around and threw out our unfinished drinks without saying anything. They did not tell us to get rid of them when we entered because they were closing up, but they had no problem throwing our drinks out without asking us. THEN they had the gall to automatically charge us tip on the $5 for the absolutely no service we received. They did not even once come around and ask us what we wanted. 

I've been here before and it wasn't bad but the treatment we got this time was horrible.笑
I love this place and have done since day one of going and am glad to see that they're doing so well. 

Yes Snakes can get crazy busy. Due to their popularity and the size of the cafe - there are times when you're going to have to wait, and if you show up with 20 people on a Saturday night...well uh...good luck. That said, it's worth it.

The $5 sit fee is quite reasonable with walls chocker block with games to choose from. Best of all are the staff. They're absolutely awesome. Even when it's ridiculously busy, someone has always come round to check up on us, offer game recommendations and taken the time to explain new and unfamiliar games in layman's terms to us.

Overall, super enjoyable experience to have people working there who are genuinely enthusiastic about board games and sharing that knowledge and interest.

It's also incredibly refreshing (as much as I love my WiFi and laptop), to go to a cafe that is *social* and doesn't have people moodily sitting in corners trying to hide their oh-so-precious-private-interneting. (ZOMG I AM TRYING TO LOOK AT CUTEOVERLOAD THIS IS SUPER S3Kr1T WORK!)

With a good variety of drinks and treats, plus alch-o-mo-hol if you really want to get your booze on while playing Settlers of Catan, all you need for several hours of intensive gaming is to hand, and priced well. And Vegan Lattes and treats? Omg. Love.

All in all, please more Snakes & Lattes - I know I would have killed for a cafe like this when I lived in Ottawa!笑
Snakes & Lattes is an awesome and unique place to hang out with friends. The game "gurus" are knowledgeable and happy to help you and the food/drinks service is also very good. I love the hot chocolate here! They put a nice big piece of chocolate on a stick into a warm cup of milk. Melty and fun :)

Best games here are Power Grid, King of Tokyo, and of course the classics - Agricola, Puerto Rico, etc.笑
If you came here for food I feel bad for you son,
got 99 boardgames but a dish aint one.笑
Now this is a nice place with a great concept.  Good drinks, food and plenty of board games.  The staff is knowledgable and if one doesn't know they find one who is to answer any of your questions.   The chairs and tables are set up to give you plenty of space while sill maiming close proximity to other people.  I had a great time, great date place as well.....that is if she isn't a sore loser ;). Luckily mine was terrific! 

Will repeat here for sure!笑
With all this hype I honestly was expecting something spectacular.  I felt like the S&L experience was like coming out of a blockbuster movie dissapointed.

We went on a sunday afternoon, and was one of the first tables there.  There was a $5 taxes in admissions fee for all you can play boardgames, which was cool but as expected.

The atmosphere was sub-par.  The couches were uncomfortable and old - I felt like I was back in a university lounge area.  There was a lack of food selection (which is fine because I was just going to get a drink) but worst of all ... the service was very slow.  On average, we had to wait 45 minutes before we got our drinks!  Are you serious?  Maybe they should consider hiring more staff or redesigning their servicing methods!笑
Terrible customer service, particularly the hostess. 

 They told us a table would be ready in 40 minutes so we went for a quick bite to eat two doors down. As soon as we put in our order we got a text from them saying we had ten minutes to get there. I texted back asking if we could have the next table.  Instead the hostess put us at the bottom of the list. When we arrived we were told it would be a thirty minute wait.

After an hour of waiting I asked for an update and the hostess was very curt and rude.  After an hour and a half of waiting the same bad-attitude hostess told us they were having capacity issues and that we had to wait outside in the cold.

I've spent hundreds of dollars at this place and bring game groups of up to ten or eleven players. This place will never see another dollar from us.

The rude and incompetent hostess wasted the Friday evening of six people, some of whom traveled one hour to get here, only to end up waiting for 2.5 hours and then being rudely kicked out into the cold.笑
I like Snakes and Lattes a lot.  I think the staff that work it are kind and genuine.  I like their home-baked goods and their assortment of beer and tea.  I like that you can play as long as you want without feeling like a jerk-face.

I am sad that with their popularity, some of their games are getting a bit crappy.  For instance, we tried to play Hoopla! last time and it was missing the special dice.  Dirty Minds, the booklets are all falling apart.  When they expand (which will be coming soon next door, thank Jesus Christ Superstar), I hope that their increased capacity will allow them to make more $$ and fix some of their games.

Also, $5 is nothing to spend hours and hours playing tons of games that cost a lot of money to maintain/purchase.

Overall, a great time had by all.  They are victims of their success, give them some time to work out the kinks.笑
There's already 40 reviews on this place so I'll keep it short and sweet. I went here on a Thursday afternoon at 4pm and the place was still packed, however I managed to get a table right away. Thank god I didn't have my stroller with me though because I would have never maneuvered it in.

The game selection is impressive to say the least - they even had "Guess Where" which is "Guess Who's" bastard cousin AND the staff even taught my friend the rules of it since the game was for ages 3 and up and clearly above his level of understanding. 

My $5 chai latte however was just meh. Round that out with the $5 pay to play charge and it was a very expensive hour and a half to not be able to play Mouse Trap (stupid bitches three tables over were hoarding it). 

I loves me some Mouse Trap.笑
Crap. Waited 4 hours for a table, only to find out it was given to someone else who came 2 hours after me. then the one behind the counter tells me "Be patient!" in a stern german accent. I guess waiting for 4 hours isn't patient enough. I'm never going back to this place, and I've never finished a boardgame to date. Good riddance.

Update #2
---------------

March 9th, 2013 @ 7:02pm

I show up, since my cousins wanted to go here for their birthday, and asked to reserve a table for 6, and was immediately told by the person behind the counter not to expect my table until midnight, since 30 groups were before us. Had to cancel our entire evening plans. I can't even get into the door to this place. WTF?!?!?!?!?!?!?! Even more frustrating, I didnt even get a text message confirming my table, they forgot my f**king reservation AGAIN!!!!!! Are you f**king kidding me?!?!?!?!?!?

This place is run by incompetent staff, period. This place is a f**king joke! End of story. Go to walmart, buy a board game and stay home. Anyone who gives this place more than one star got there on a good weekday, has their head up their ass, is a pothead hipster fanboy, or went down on a saturday before 2pm......don't even bother at all. Seriously, theres nothing special about this place, and its food prices are ridiculously expensive.....笑
This place rules. I was kind of disappointed to find out about the 5 dollar cover but honestly for all day admission to a place with more games than I'd ever seen it turned out to be a blast.

We showed up on vacation from NY and the guys were really great to us and super informative.

I have to say, usually when gaming comes up it conjures up images of nerds huddled in the back rooms of empty shopping malls where they will never see the light of day. This place was the exact opposite and ended up being a really chilled out place to hang out and play some games.笑
This is a unique concept for a cafe! They have a pretty good library of board games but a small food menu. Service was ok, food was nothing spectacular but I think the main focus here are the games. It's a great place to hangout with friends, play a few games and have a coffee and snack. I wouldn't come here just to eat though. The food can be pricey for what you're getting. Their veggie fries and dip is definitely not worth it. It's regular chips in stick form served in a soup sized bowl with chipotle dip on the side. Their sandwiches were ok and won't leave you hungry but not full either. But like I said, you come here to hangout with friends and play a few games, not for the food.笑
This place is quite the happenin' place! 

So my fiancée and I came here the other night and I'm so glad we finally did! We have been eyeing this place for awhile now.

We came to the front and they have games to purchase. All sorts of games! We were seated at a comfortable table and given menus. They offer a food menu but we had just eaten. We ordered some yummy drinks instead! A chocolate milkshake for me and a tea for my other half. Then we were told to go pick a game and boy were we not prepared! Welcome to board game heaven! They have everything ranging from trivia to strategy to children games.. I won't lie we played Dream Phone and enjoyed it! We ended up ending the night with a trivia game that we purchased to bring home with us. Now we play it all the time!

5 stars all the way! This place is amazing.笑
Cute waiters, great environment, quality drinks and tons of fun board games(Over 3000) !笑
Really great place. Only downside: too popular!笑
I'm giving snakes and lattes four  stars. I'd say that  calling this lovely little place in the Annex a cafe is pretty fair, even though its main attraction is more the board games than the food itself. Even then, the food should not be overlooked. For a cloudy day, (of which there are many here in Toronto!), it's the perfect place.笑
This place is wonderful. I hope they expand globally because I want one in every city. 

The staff are friendly and helpful, they have a great selection of games and the drinks were top notch as well. If only Toronto were closer to Chicago!笑
This place is awesome.

The staff are sweet and there is such a selection of games to choose from. There is a five dollar fee to play for as long as you want. Unlike other places that charge per hour, this place does not.

The food is expensive for a small portion, but I hear, it's rather tasty. And the coffee, while good, comes in s small cup. Perhaps it's the larger portion society that we live in that has conditioned me to want a fuller cup, but I like my coffee in big mugs and this place does not deliver on that.

On a friday night it's packed so getting there early is probably a good thing.笑
Just got home from spending a couple hours at Snaked and Lattes!
I've wanted to go here for 3 years now and finally had got the chance.

Once we walked in we were welcomed by a couple friendly staff and were imeditely seated. The front of the place was bright and sunny and filled with warm people playing games. We were lead through a hallway with a wall filled with over 200 board games than into a big long dark room with tones of people playing cool games!

We sat at the girafe table and were given glasses of water.
$5 for adults unlimited games and not timed for how long we were sitting there.
We were given menus with really cute snacks on it!

We ordered milkshakes which were DELICIOUS! And we also got a small bowl of chips.

TONESSS OF GAMES TO CHOOSE FROM!
MANY DIFFERENT AGE GROUPS!
FRIENDLY STAFF!

The vibe was like you were at a friends house hanging out.
Was a great time, want to go back!

When we left we were told sometimes you have to wait 3 hrs for a table it gets that busy!笑
This is the best board game cafe in Toronto.  They have a wide selection of games to play and it's expanding even more from what I've seen during my last visit.  This is also the best value - $5 to play as many games as you want. Due to this, the lineups can be insane.  I waited 1.5 hours last Monday night, even since their expansion.  Good news is you can hop across the street for a sandwich, a few blocks to Menchies/Yogurty's, Future Bakery for cake, or Poutineville for some mighty good poutine.
I recommend all these food places because one of the downfalls of Snakes & Lattes is their food.  Their portion sizes are small and food is average - at best.  I've tried their spinach and mushroom quiche which was okay.  Their colossal brownie consisted of a small scoop of ice cream and mediocre brownies that tasted slightly stale.  And my biggest bone to pick with them is that they got rid of the unique hot chocolate they used to serve.  They'd bring a cube of chocolate on the end of a stick which you'd stir into a cup of hot milk.  T'was the best!  Their drinks are usually my go-to.  I like their hot chocolates, nutella latte, chocolate milkshake, and you can never go wrong with tea.
It can get a little busy and hard to find the Game Master.  Let your server know if you want a recommendation for a game or need an explanation.  He/She will grab them for you.
Hands down this is one of my favourite places.  It's always such a blast sipping on a hot drink and murking my friends in Catan!笑
Snakes and Lattes has changed and gained it's popularity so much over the years. I remember my first time coming here back in 2010 and I know they renovated, so the layout is completely different than what it used to be. I personally think it's a lot less cozy now because they house more guests.

Anyways, it's $5 per person if you just want to play games here, I think you're able to sit as long as possible, well when I came here I was able to sit as long as possible. Each of the drinks and foods are add ons. The lattes are made very nicely, though I'm not a big fan of their foods. I got a quiche one time and it was kind of cold and not very delicious.

The waiters are very nice and are able to recommend games for the group all the time depending on what they enjoy playing. They were also accomodating because apparently when I came a bit later, the spot I was sitting in was a fire hazardous spot and after seeing how dissapointed I was because I literally took 2 hours to come down and see my old classmates that I haven't seen for five years, they said it was okay for this time only.

After snakes and lattes gained in popularity, many other cafes began to open following the concept of snakes and lattes in terms of being a board game cafe, but SNAKES AND LATTES will always be the original one in my heart.笑
Read the other reviews for all the great notes on the games, service and (unfortunately) wait times.  Only thing I'll add is they have the best gluten free/vegan donuts in Toronto. Maybe in Canada.  And I've tried lots.  Book early, call ahead, fight your way to the front of the line, enjoy.笑
theoretically, this place should be amazing.

Wrong. Caveat emptor.

this place serves you coffee while you can play board games. you pay a $5 cover charge and stay for however long you want.

thats the problem. no one ever leaves and whats worse is people are allowed to call in for a table.
if you happen to go there, they will put other people in front of you on the list and it's just annoying.

i went there, told i was first on the list and so should chill out in the basement for a bit. 
i did. an hour and half later, my table was still not called. oh and i recieved my drink half an hour later.

i left.

a total of 3.5 hours later, i was called on the phone to say my table was ready. really....for being first on the list?

my friends have all had similar experiences. The shitty part is the staff are fully aware of whats about to happen to you, but they don't tell you this upfront.

this place would be amazing if only it were bigger....clearly the concept is cool and fun. for now, they just need to work out the kink of managing wait lists and customer service.笑
For $5 and unlimited stay, you can't go wrong. I came on a Friday night with a group of 6 and they accommodated us within half an hour, which I thought was pretty decent as they were already full to begin with.

All the workers here are extremely laid back and make you feel at home. Our server circled around our area a couple times in case anyone needed to flag her down as well as to make sure everything was OK. She was super nice.

The prices here for drinks are pretty decent. A little more expensive than regular cafes, but they have latte art so that makes up for it, hahaha. We didn't get any food, but I'll have to try it at least once because all the pictures look really good.

They also have a couple "Game Masters" hanging around whom you can go to to get advice on which games to play or if you need an explanation on how a game works. I didn't get the name of the guy who helped our table the entire time we were there, but he made the experience really great. He explained things very quick and easily and even recommended us 3 really fun games when we asked for something "quick, but fun, for 6 people". If you ever need something quick and fun and for larger groups, look for the games "Cockroach", "For Sale", and "Coup".

All in all, I don't know how anyone could give this place a bad rating. It may be extremely loud and you have to raise your voice all the time, but that's the fun of it. The atmosphere is really energetic, yet casual, and everyone here is just having a good time and taking a breather from reality. Will recommend this place to anyone who enjoys having a good time playing and learning new board games.笑
Very friendly staff! 
Went last week to catch up with some college friends and absolutely loved it! Yummy food to share, fun games and the staff was very welcoming.笑
Friendly staff. Amazing games. Yummy cookies. Overall a great casual hang out place. Grilled Cheese was surprisingly yummy. I enjoyed their milkshakes and daily baked cookies. But I would keep returning to try new games.笑
Snakes & Lattes is a great space and a good time ... if you can manage to get in.  And that's a big "if."  I realize it's controversial to criticize a place's overwhelming popularity and slow turnover, but it really does detract from its appeal for me.  If I knew I didn't have to expect to wait 1.5 - 2.0 hours for a table every single time I went, I'd come here a lot more frequently.  What spares S&L a "meh" 3-star rating are the sterling service and great fun quotient.  It's more than just a novelty -- it really is a great, workable idea that is an excellent alternative to yet another night of tipping expensive pints, and the perfect option for a cold, boring afternoon.  Just come prepared to wait a really, really, really long time for a table.

S&L has a truly gobsmacking array of games for any number of players, and their knowledgeable staff can teach you the rules and make excellent recommendations based on your preferences.  They introduced me to several great new games.  My recs for 2-person games: Bananagrams, Geistes Blitz (this is *so much* fun!), and Elk Fest.  As well as the classic Set, and Yahtzee.

The food and coffee are merely OK -- definitely room for improvement on both scores.  Draft beer would also be a welcome enhancement.

80% of the time I've come here, I've been told to expect a 1.5 - 2.0 hour wait.  This means that my nights at S&L have either been canceled on site, or involved 2 hours at a bar waiting for the call.  On one such recent occasion, the guy at the door told me he'd call in 90 minutes, "probably less."  When I checked in with him, not having received a call, he claimed he'd told me it would be about 2 hours, which simply wasn't true.  This issue has made S&L unworkable for anything but the laziest of evenings / afternoons and eliminated it as a real Fri./Sat. nite bar alternative, and that's kind of a shame.笑
A game of Stratego anyone!?!

I love the concept for this place! For 5 bucks you get a table and access to hundreds of board games (literally). It's also a cafe with a newly acquired license so you can order up a latte (apparently not very good) or my fav, a bottle of Steamwhistle beer and play to your heart's content.

Once we were seated, I walked over to the daunting wall of games. They are all categorized for easy browsing and they have everything you could possibly think of (although only one version of each, which meant no scrabble for me... ). Since there ARE so many games, this can make choosing one pretty difficult. This is why the smart people at S & L have game specialists that will not only pick out games for you, they will make suggestions and even teach you how to play! So throw those useless instructions back in the box and get ready to learn a new game.

This is an extremely popular place so be ready to wait for a table. If nothing's available, they will take your name and number and call you when something comes up. In the mean time, there are a lot of other places to kill some time along this stretch of Bloor St.笑
I wasn't super impressed with the place.
Servers were friendly but forgot about us for stretches of time, and it wasn't even a peak time. 
Coffee and muffin were so-so, ameriano and latte were great.  
It's a cool concept and a nice spacious venue though.
I might come back with more friends.笑
Hmmm, I haven't reviewed this yet! Well, I have been here a couple times over the years and it has definitely changed, but the overall concept is still there. 

The location has gotten bigger over the years since I first came when they opened, which is a great thing to see. The larger the location, the more seating you have. Unfortunately with the expansion, they are still crazy busy. So much so that they don't take any reservations. Guess when you're popular you don't have to cater to people for reservations. Thats one thing I don't like though, since it always take forever to get a table for any more than 4 people. Each time I've been, it has taken absolutely forever!

When you 'do' get a table, every seems to get better though. You can either pay the sitting fee or get a drink/food. The coffees and teas are quite good and the food isn't bad either. Just overpriced for what they are offering. 

The games are extremely diverse, with wall to wall shelves that offer games that you absolutely know, to games you absolutely have never heard of. Some of the more popular ones have more than one copy, so you'll probably get to play it if you so desire. I recommend playing games that you never have (or wouldn't buy) as this is the whole point of these cafes!

A fun environment that encourages nerding, board-gaming, and having fun without restraint! Just try it out on a weeknight when it will probably be less busy.笑
They've expanded! Now double the board gaming! Double the fun! They just need to double the baristas and it'll be good to go.

Stopped by Snakes and Lattes yesterday with a few friends. We called ahead and were told it'd be an hour before we could get a table, so we did a few other things first. Always call ahead! This place is like a super fancy restaurant -- you always need reservations.

As soon as we sat down, a staff member came up and asked us what kind of game we'd like to play. Something silly! But not too silly as we only have three people... He pulled out three games for us, described them all, and walked us through the rules and first round of play after we chose our game. Most amazing service ever. This guy knows his stuff like you would not believe. And he just loves playing board games!

I didn't really look at their menu except to see that you can buy a bowl of candy here for $4. Yummy gummy candies are the perfect sugar high for hours of gaming. My friend ordered an americano and had to wait awhile as they get super busy, but the time flies by when you're having fun.

They also sell board games now! In case you need to bring the fun home.

Seriously, somebody please import this place to Vancouver? I'll come all the time!笑
One of the best places for friends to hang out or  even on a date.  Pretty large place with lots of tables. Amazing price  for both seating and food. Staff is super friendly and game master Dan (I think is his name) is very knowledgeable and patient when explaining the games. The lattes are made with cute designs. Huge selection of board games compared to other game places. I'd honestly give this five stars because the service is just awesome, but the bathroom here needs some serious cleaning.笑
Y'know, I think I envisioned something different than what I actually found at Snakes and Lattes. I went with two friends on a Friday night and, as has already been mentioned, it was packed. And loud. And hotter than hot. The space is much more like a uni residence common room than I anticipated in that it's bright, barely comfortable, and lacking in character. However, the staff certainly know their games and were happy to offer help as required and they sell bottled beer (a plus, in case anyone's wondering). We had a great time playing our games and I'd go back again, but I'm not as completely in love as I hoped I might be.笑
This place is just too busy! I've been told that you have to go on Mondays or Tuesdays to get a table - why bother?

I also don't like the fact that you have to pay cover and the food is also sub-par and expensive.

I would suggest Snakes and Lattes for people that like playing strategy games which cost a lot to purchase and want to try the game out before they buy it.笑
Been here at least twice with a group of friends, and both times have been super fun! The staff was great, they have a huge selection of board games (some are super fun like Dead of Winter, Betrayal at House on the Hill, etc.), and it's only $5. The only downside is that I didn't enjoy the food much, but would definitely come back here for the experience! Also, I would recommend going here with a party of less than 6, because if you have more than 6 people then they'll make you pay 1 whole bill, which might be a problem! I also recommend coming very early to get a table笑
Nice place to come & socialize with friends! It is $6 to play unlimited games...play until your hearts content! Drink, food/snacks are available (moderately priced). I would come here for some normality (i.e. People actually socializing & not glued to their phones). If needed, free wifi is available!笑
Cute and creative little place in one of my favourite Toronto locations. 

Huge selection of board games for only $5! Friendly staff who even helped us choose a game, and then taught us how to play it. 

Came here with some friends as we were wandering the area, and we will definitely be back! :)

I wish they would add more to their menu, because a quiche just doesn't satisfy the hunger. 

And in terms of wait time, my suggestion: go early, and give them your name and number, and just hang out in the area until they call you. So many things to do around here, the wait won't be so bad! :)笑
Great atmosphere. Staff is really helpful. Really chill and casual place to hang out with friends or on a date. Food/drinks are good, but can get kinda pricey. Lots of games available. I def felt nostalia when I saw some of them. Or if you're up for learning a new game, the staff is there to teach you or make some suggestions :)笑
Highly disappointing front of house.

As a large group of eight, we knew that the wait for a table on a Saturday would not be brief, but we decide that we would put our name down anyway after being told by the staff at the door that the wait would be about an hour.

After an hour and a half, we went back to check on the status. No table. At this point, we discussed with the staff at the entrance and decided that it would be alright if we were split into two separate groups of four.

Tick, tock, tick, tock. Another hour and a half passes and we still had not heard back from them, so we went to check again. This time, a different (and quite rude) lady at the front told us that we were queued as a group of eight and that we should continue to wait. We informed her that we had discussed with the previous staff that we would split into two groups of four. She responded that she would not split our group into four since we were already queued as eight, and informed us that they do not seat groups of this size on weekends (contrary to just being told that we should continue to wait).

This is highly disappointing since this wasted three hours of time, where we could have been elsewhere, in lieu of waiting on false hope generated by the staff of Snakes & Lattes.笑
Very very fun place to be. Friendly and helpful staff. Mark was our server and he was hilarious with a good sense of humour. Definitely made the night for us.笑
Snakes & Lattes on Bloor West is the first gaming cafe to open in Toronto a number of years ago. I'm not sure if it's still the case, but in the first few years of operation, it was hard to get in because of how packed it always was. They have a HUGE selection of games to play and their cafe food and drink options are fine. They don't really excel at their food items but they aren't bad either. Their prices are also a bit high but the food and drink is not likely why you'd be here. It's for the atmosphere, the games, and a nice place to spend a few hours with a group of friends or even on a date.

Their success has inspired a number of other similar cafes to open around the city but I haven't been to any of the others so I really can't comment about them at all. What I do know is that you'll likely enjoy your time here.笑
Came her the other night when looking for something to do downtown. There was a bit of a wait for a table and the guy taking names said he'd text us when a table was ready. I like this system I think its a lot more efficient then having a bunch of people waiting in the store section of the cafe. We got to walk around Korea town for a bit while we waited. Snakes and Lattes was super busy since we waited around 20 minutes this was expected all the tables were full but there were still tons and tons of board games available.

There are a lot of board games and many different varieties of the same board game so chances are if you're looking for a specific game you'll be able to play some version of it. The games are all in good conditioning not missing enough pieces to make tan issue when playing.

I ordered a salted caramel latte and this was delicious, I'd definitely order it again. I noticed Mac and Cheese on the menu so I'll be back to try that as well. Overall this is a great little place to hanging out with friends and play some board games. I'll have to try Snakes and Lagers soon as well.笑
One of my favorite places in the city. Massive selection of games, you can find something fun no matter what group you're in. Light luck based classics, party games, trivia games, simple strategy games, hardcore strategy. I've played all the options with different groups and had a blast every time. Food and drink aren't terrible but nothing to write home about, go somewhere for dinner first cause that's not what this unique place is about. $5 cover and you can stay and play games for hours. Its a no brainer when buying a game costs $40, you'll play it twice a year and never have this sort of variety.笑
In an age where playing games with friends brings up thoughts of the iOS App Store, it's refreshing to sit down with friends and physically touch a game...  

Snakes & Lattes often has a long waiting list to get a table on weekend evenings. I can't hold that against them, it's simply a sign of success. Thankfully, you can put your name on the list and walk down Bloor St. until they send you a text to let you know that a table is free. It's a very nice touch, as I'm not one to wait in line, especially in the winter. 

Service is always very friendly. I love the way that someone will come and help each table find games that suit everyone's liking. The best part is having the rules of the games explained until all players understand how to play. I feel like I'm the slowest at catching onto new games, but they always do a great job of giving instructions.

There is a huge selection of games, from the familiar to the obscure. I've had fun playing all of the games that have been suggested to my table, as well as all of the games that we have randomly picked from the huge wall of games. $5 (plus tax and tip - the service definitely deserves a good tip!) allows you to stay in the café and discover new games (and old favourites) for as long as you want.

I have never tried any food or drinks from S&L, though their prices seem pretty standard for a place downtown.笑
ok so I went few times again and even though the place is always packed fri-sun nights they provide a waiting list which works almost but not totally like a reservation. 
I'd avise to get on the list few days in advance (if that's for the weekend) if you have a big group of friends coming. 

they also extended their area and now have basement floor available for games too ( I don't think they had it at the beginning)

lots of extra foldable chairs. 

millions of new games (they actually have something like 2000 of them now!)

I found the prices to be tiny bit expensive. chai latte costs $4 and macchiato $2... and yummy nanaimo bars!=) though the quality is great! 
so no complains there=) haha=)

oh and they also have been doing some game tournaments days and new games test drives and free game of the week events.

I love this place!笑
The mothership of the board game craze in Toronto, this may well be known in future years as a Toronto institution. Its a great place to go on a first date (you can spot them around the place) or with a group of friends.  I like the knowledgeable staff, the great selection of games and the general buzz. 

The food used to be sub-par but I have noticed an improvement in their quiches (the house specialty) and their salads as well. 

Excellent spot!笑
This is one of my favourite places to come to. It's all up to you to create your own fun. Great place to bring kids and fantastic for groups. I do wish it was a pay for time format though to prevent people from camping out all day.笑
Have been meaning to visit this place for what it seems like ages... 

It's mostly adults but kids are also welcome.  

The atmosphere is pretty chill and the tables were all full when we arrived, thus we were placed on a waiting list for about a half hour.  

Had a great opportunity to check out all the games for sale whole we waited.  There are a variety of games sold from classics to games I've never even heard of. 

Once seated, we ordered lattes of course.  Nutella was my weapon of choice.  

The sandwich menu included a waffle club.. Actual waffle instead of bread (have I been living under a rock or something?!)  The sauce made it soggy, but 8t was delicious all the same and a very unique sandwich I was glad to try.  

It was nice to relieve my childhood and play however long we wanted at a price of only $5.00 you can't go wrong.  

Wouldn't mind going again and sipping some beer or something who knows..笑
Went to check this place out with a friend; we were seated immediately and our waitress came shortly to take our orders. 

I love the fact that $5 gives each person access to 2000+ board games and also the fact that you can stay however long you want. 

I didn't get anything to drink or eat but my friend did order the mango juice and said it was great. :)笑
- all you can play (i.e. squat for) board games for 5 bucks a head? no problem! 
- the coffee and sandwiches aren't great, but you're not hear for that, are ya. plus, they're licensed so you can grab a beer while you play (except in the basement area)
- best way to get through the wait is to get your name and number on the list, go grab a bite in k-town, and pop back in when they ring you.
- will definately be back.笑
It's a new concept business with lots of interest and they're hammering out the details of this place, but customer service definitely needs re-evaluation if they plan to keep them coming.  What's outstanding about Snakes & Lattes comes from the coffee shop-revolutionizing unlimited-time boardgames service.  The resurgence of interest in boardgames creates a great icebreaker for meeting new people in the comfort of a coffee shop setting.  In Snakes & Lattes, you can be paired with random people, join a group if you're single, or make it a fun and frugal date with your significant other.  

For $5 per person in the only coffee shop in Toronto that offers a wide selection of board games and knowledgeable staff to teach how to play is a bargain.  However, be prepared to return the patience to your sometimes teachers, sometimes wait staff, and sometimes unprofessionals.笑
Perhaps one of my favourite places in Toronto.

The selection of games here is second to none.  Whether you're looking for something simple like Battleship or Guess Who all the way to something in depth like Agricola or The Game of Thrones -- they have all of those, and everything in between.

Considering how many of these games sell for $60 or more, the $5 cover that they charge to play for as long as you want is an absolute bargain.

The cafe part of the board game cafe is great.  They do some really fantastic things and have great snack food -- I recommend trying out the hot chocolate when it's cold or raining out.

I wouldn't recommend you stay for dinner here, since the food on Markham St. is going to satisfy you more than something that this cafe can do.

This cafe is also frequently full.  The best way to do it is to put your names on the waiting list -- they'll call or text you when your table is ready.

They have a basement seating area but I don't like it as much as the upper level, which has a lot better of an atmosphere to it.笑
It's a great place, don't get me wrong, I enjoy coming here, but that one waitress with the red streaks definitely ruined our night. She was definitely too high on her pedestal with her attitude with our orders. If we see her again we'd definitely leave. Such a great place, but such a horrible experience after that. I don't know if we'll be returning anytime soon.笑
Great idea! Cafe + board games = awesome.  Tons of board games in here.  I'll definitely be coming here again with some friends and fully plan on beating them at any board game that will be played.

It was not busy when I went, which I hear is not often, and the service was fast and friendly.  I can totally see this place being rammed though, as it isn't very big but has a huge selection of games.笑
One heck of a way to get out of the house on a rainy day and mix up what you're doing with a staff recommendation of one of the scores of games on the West wall.  It's $5 cover each but then you're left free to stay and order drinks with usually amazingly friendly staff (though not all).  Give them something to go on, like "I'd like a word game or party game for 5 people, etc." and they'll spend the time and effort in recommending and even getting you started avoiding the instruction reading barrier.  It'd get one more star if there were some decent food options.笑
$5 for unlimited board games, which is a bargain if you're exploring new board games with friends! Go during a weekday outside of reading week and other holidays; it's considerably less busy with no wait time (Tuesday evening in May).

Staff was super friendly and willing to teach us how to play some of the games if none of us knew how. They weren't very attentive to water, but given $5 for unlimited play and not a restaurant, I'm okay with that. I had a chocolate milkshake while there, which was excellent.

Definitely worth a return visit, hopefully again at a time without a long wait!笑
This is something which I love, you go and reserve a table and play board games!  If you do not know the rules or are uncertain, there is a games master to help you figure it out.  You can have food as well as drinks while you play.  If you like the game enough they just might have it in stock and you can buy it and take it home, but then why would you if you can come here and play any and all games?!!!

Great for a date night or when you just need a fun night out with either friends or family!笑
I've always been surprised at why Toronto has never had a decent place where you can go, sit down and play board games. With Snakes and Lattes and I finally found out why - being able to execute on this great idea is not simple.

Especially not the way Snakes and Lattes does it. The "cover" is way too expensive (if we're paying $5 each for a group of 4, if we come two times we can generally go and buy the game and play it at a friends house where we don't have to wait 20 minutes for a table or a bagel).

The staff are way in over their head running around and are inexperienced as they're constantly forgetting everything.

The good thing is although there's no real organization of the board games, you can easily and magically figure out where your game of choice is or the staff will easily pick it out for you (I have no idea how they know where each game is!).

Either way, with sub-par cafe offerings and service, expensive "cover", and wait times to get a seat, I've been kind of dissapointed even though I was so excited to finally find a place in Toronto like this!

Hopefully they can work out the kinks and change the cover to "buy $5 worth of drinks or food" and maybe I'll be back... but Snakes and Lattes won't be the regular place I was hoping it could be.笑
A board game cafe that has shelves upon shelves of classic and contemporary games to turn even the most anti-fun friend into the life of the party.

This place has a wall full of games ranging from Settlers of Catan to The Office trivia game and every thing in between. They also have decks of cards and Uno to play if you are tired of the more traditional forms of games. 

What makes this place special is the game experts who help you select a game, teach you the game, and even sit down and play a round with you. This makes the experience all the more authentic and a whole lot more interesting. 

The cost is very reasonable at $5 for all you can play, and they offer some light fare such as candy, milkshakes, coffee and a small selection of pastries. We came here after dinner so we didn't sample any food but it seemed passable.

The liquor licence should be approved in the next ten days (according to the owner) which should make this place even more rowdy. It may be a little tough to secure a table at times but be patient, pick out a game or two to play and enjoy the sights and sounds of people having a good time.

It would be great if this place had more seating as I can imagine that the place will become even more popular over the coming months and leave people out in the cold. (literally!)笑
Love this place. Great vibe, great selection of games, helpful staff. Awesome place to hang out for a few hours.笑
So warm & cozy, love the hustle bustle here! Such a refreshing way to spend time with friends & family. We started with Phantom of the Opera and ended with Bananagrams. 

The food was delicious! We ordered the vegan wrap,  beet salad, spinach quiche and the veggies chips. But the show stealer was the Nutella latte, so frothy and creamy mmmmmmmmmm (TIP ~ The espresso is strong so you may need to add cream &sugar to enhance the flavour). 

I rated this 4 stars instead of 5 just because the menu is really small. Either way, I've already started spreading the word and will be coming back soon.笑
The selection of board games here is insane! No matter what your mood or who you're with, there's at least one board game there that you'll love. 
I had a Chai Latte with my games and it was really delicious. I'd definitely go back here again and again with any group of friends.笑
Loved the ambiance and lighting, the Nutella latte and of course the massive collection of games!!! Perfect for laid back night outs with friends or dates. Amaaazing place and I would highly recommend!笑
This place is amazing for board games. Friendly staff, knowledgeable staff, great coffee, they're slowly getting better every year and getting more and more space/food/drink options. It's perfect for a date, it's perfect for a group of friends.

The only thing that absolutely sucks about it is how they deal with getting in. I can see it being good for locals that live in the area, but what usually happens is we have to go in person to put our name on the list. It takes around 4 hours for a spot to free up, and we usually sit in a bar waiting. Their auto-texting doesn't always work, which is super annoying, so you have to regularly go back to check on your position in queue. Once in, it's fun and awesome when we play but I always find that this is the biggest turn off for the place. As a customer I feel like I'm just some number, and if I don't go the demand will take care of their profits. 

They NEED to fix this. Impose a time limit for guests, or charge by the hour instead of one upfront cost, something, anything. It's not an easy problem, but when there's a queue of 50 people on a list and people are staying there for 8-10 hours sometimes, then that's just mean. There's something to be said about sharing the place and experience, and as a guest I feel bad staying more than 2-3 hours. Try a few games, see if I like them and if I do I'll buy it and play it at home.

Also there is a rule that if you leave and re-enter, you have to pay cover again... So potentially you could pay cover numerous times in one day even if your friends have been there all day. It is kind of annoying.笑
The new rule is - 
if you are waiting for a table (which you almost always are) , you cant wait inside. 
They just posted a sign upfront that it causes some concerns for the seated patrons. 
How awful is that? 

I like that they included the apology along with "especially now in the cold". 

p.s you can try calling in ahead to reserve a table but thats ONLY if the waiting list is short. Otherwise, you have to show up to reserve. Boourns. 


This place could do no wrong in my eyes. Rattle away you equally-clever/witty-name-for a hot beverage.

Must mention - I am obsessed with Mad Gab. 

xoxo
M.笑
3.5 stars. 

I love the idea of this place, and enjoy myself whenever I go, but I also have a few nits to pick. I very much want the place to stay open, I would just like to see a few changes.

First, I think the $5 per head cover is a bit steep. Once you're past a few people, this is a substantial fixed cost for an outing. You could buy a game of your choice and entertain at home. Perhaps an option between a $5 straight cover and ordering $8-10 worth of stuff, or something like that softens the blow a bit. This problem is somewhat exacerbated by the fact that the offerings are a little less than stellar. My gaming partners cake at our last outing was borderline stale. I don't think we would have minded if it had been part of an order that allowed us to sit and play, but as a standalone cafe offering, it was abysmal.

That all being said, the selection of games is enormous, and the place is comfortable and inviting. Staff and regulars are helpful with game selection and teaching. It's a really nice way to spend an afternoon or an evening, and I will definitely continue to go, as I don't know of anywhere else like it in the city. However, I would go more often with some improvement.笑
It was at Fan Expo, some years ago, that I first head of Snakes & Lattes.  They're opening a cafe, Chris said, where you can play board games.  

How quaint, I thought.  I wonder how it will do. 

It has done... Okay.  

That's an understatement.  S&L's popularity has proven to be somewhat overwhelming on occasion. 

Let me back up, then, and go deep into the how of S&L.  They're at their core not a cafe.  That's the extraneous place.  At their core, S&L is a place to play games. They have several walls full of board games, from the simplest Parker Brothers creation to the most obtuse euro game you've ever (or, quite possibly, never) heard of.  

You pay a $5 cover charge, and get full access to their board game library until you choose to leave. 

Now, since it is also a cafe, you can get yourself a cappuccino or latte, or if you prefer a beer or a soda.  They also sell delicious sandwiches; the prosciutto with blue cheese is a personal favourite.

Snakes is one of those places that makes me wish I lived in Toronto.  It is so great, and the kind of place I'd like to be a regular at.  If you're visiting town or if you're a resident, make your way here and check it out.

edit: I should mention that they also carry a wide variety of games for sale, should you find yourself enjoying playing them.笑
We came here twice with a group of friends. First time  was great,  friendly staff and good service. So we came back about a week later,  and that was disappointing to say the least. Firstly, the staff wouldn't collect an empty mug for a solid hour. When one of us had to leave,  he asked for the bill.. And left about 30 minutes, leaving the money to one of us. The bill never came by the way (we're still here).  We later ordered food to share,  and while the first time they gave us extra plates and obvious cutlery,  this time we had to ask for extra forks,  which took a solid five minutes to come. Anyways  getting the attention of the staff was impossible,  even though we sat right beside the counter. We also asked for a game explanation,  twice. The first time nobody came,  and the other the person who did knew about as much as us (nothing) 
Anyways,  a great cafe with a lot of fun games,  if you can get a descent waiter /staff.笑
It's always fun when I come with my friends. A really cool atmosphere and a great menu of little snacks and drinks to keep you munching while you play any of there huge collection of games.

Also, the staff here is really cool. They know so many of the games and are always willing to give you advice on which ones you should try (based on the pace of the game, #of people etc) if you wanna play a new game. And they even stick around to explain the rules and the quirks and particularly fun parts about the game. 

Greatttt place笑
Amazing hot chocolate and a helpful legion of pleasantly nerdy staff to assist in navigating the endless selection of board games. I love this place.笑
Came here with 3 other people. It's a good place to visit if you want to play some games that you don't have or just to try out some new ones. Service was nice and the place felt comfortable. They have a whole wall filled with games so there was a large variety. The price was definitely reasonable, I think I only paid about $4 and we were satisfied.笑
S&L has been a very welcome addition to the neighbourhood.  Everything I've had on their menu is delicious, including their drinks.  I'm a big chai latte fan, and theirs is a worthy competitor for my affection.

The funny thing about the place for me is that I keep inviting friends to go there who I haven't seen in a while so we can catch up someplace fun, but we spend so much time trying out new board games, figuring out the rules, playing, etc., that we don't actually have a very in-depth conversation.

The staff has always been very friendly, as well as supportive, knowledgeable and enthusiastic about all the board games they have in stock.  This is important if you don't want your patrons spending half their visit just trying to figure out the game.

There is no Wi-Fi, but THIS IS A VERY GOOD THING.  The last thing you want is one of the valuable tables taken up with a laptop instead of a board game.  Otherwise, what's the point of the place?

In short, I love the place!  Keep up the good work, guys!

Update: They've commandeered the shop next door and have now DOUBLED their space!   They've also gotten their liquor licence.  My friend has made it her personal mission to be drinking Caesars while playing a board game.笑
After years of being scared off by the thought of impossible wait times, I finally made it here, and then returned shortly after! Even on a weekday evening, there is still potential for waiting. So we went and grabbed drinks near by, and the lovely S & L lads actually called us to let us know it would be longer than anticipated.

When we finally got in, the staff was super pleasant. One of them actually spent a long while with us helping us pick out a game, and then showing us how to play. And I'm pretty high maintenance in my vague descriptions of the types of games I might be open to - he found the perfect match!

This place was a ton of fun. It's a great first date place too as any lull in conversation goes by pleasantly unnoticed, and seeing how people react to losing is always a great thing to note early on!笑
Very unique and cool place.  Highly recommend to make a reservation ahead of time (but you may still have to wait to get to sit in the main area).  The cost is only $5 per person to play unlimited games.  The problem is that because they dont put any time limit, the wait can be up to 2 hours (if you dont have a reservation).  But definitely worth checking out one time especially if you like to play games.笑
You can get something light to eat, a drink (alcoholic or not) and play games for hours on end. This place is perfect for a night out with friends or even date night. There is a great selection of games. If you have any questions the people who work here are knowledgeable and willing to help. It can get busy depending on the hour you go. 

Pro-tip: always try to get a fairly decent sized table. It makes a world of difference if you're playing and eating.笑
I've been wanting to go to Snakes & Lattes for a while and I am glad I scheduled a meetup to visit this place. This is not a show up solo type of place!

I was greeted by the hostess and quickly sat in a table because there was availability. I gave her my name and my meetup member's name so she could effectively sit her when she arrived. When my meetup member arrived, she was quickly shown my table.

We soon discovered that:
* at some point, a server will come by to take your order and explain how the games work
* there is a cover charge of $5 per person to play games
* the games' masters helped us choose games
* to pay your bill, you need to head to the cash register

Our server was a very sweet and gentle lion of a man. His passion for the games and his workplace oozed out of him.

We played 2 different games for a span of 2+ hrs. No one rushed us, esp as we spent a good 30 min chatting after finishing our 2nd game.

If you have limited board games knowledge, I suggest you come with others who know their stuff. If that's not an option, come with an open attitude to have fun!  The staff will suggest games based on your interests and what you like, but if you're not a board game person, just come with an open attitude to try any game and be ready to have fun!

One more thing, don't come here thinking you will strike eye contact with a handsome stranger. People come her with their groups to play board games. I am not saying that was my intention when I set up the meeup, but I thought this would be a place to meet new people. Not really. However. I do believe this would make a great date night place!笑
After walking all day exploring all of the food neighborhoods in Toronto we stubled upon this cafe. What an awesome concept! My boyfriend and I loved the assortment of games and the food/drink offerings. I had a few issues with my order not being prepared to my linking, but they did attempt to correct it which was much appreciated. The drinks were good as well. Definitely a cool concept, nice hangout spot for teens and adult (kids) alike. I'd go to one if they had these in Ny where i live. Good experience! The staff was definitely helpful in game and food suggestions. Great rest stop to charge the phones, sit, have a bite to eat and play games!笑
I had a great time at this unique cafe. Word of advice, you should get there early (before 7) or else you might have to wait a while for a table. If you have to wait they take your number down and you can walk around the annex if you want. There is a cover of 5$ to play all day but that's nothing considering the selection of games (literally thousands). 

The food was very good and the owner was extremely nice. One of the people in my party paid for a brownie that took a while to come out so he included a few extras to make up for it. They were all delicious.笑
I visited Snakes & Lattes for the first time today with 2 friends.  First impression: It was much bigger than I expected!  Keep in mind that I only just found out that they underwent expansion a few years back.  Still, I was pleasantly surprised!

On another note, I really liked the branded Snakes & Lattes shirts the employees wore.

When we headed to the games wall at the back, we were greeted by a friendly employee who offered his help and kindly grabbed us Uno to go with the other games we chose.

When we returned to our table, we were greeted by a server and I ordered a Nutella latte ($5).  It arrived in a large cup with saucer and had some fancy latte art on top!  I think that this is the third Nutella latte I've had in the city and by far, it has been the best.  I can actually taste the Nutella (although not that much but I have kind of a sweet tooth anyway).  Not to mention, the rest of the beverage itself was nice and smooth.  For $5, I also think that the size of the drink makes it an excellent value.  I would recommend, however, that they include a small spoon so you can eat the Nutella "dregs" at the bottom once you've finished!

I didn't spend that much time there today (sadly, had to leave earlier than I expected) but I really enjoyed the visit and can't wait to return!笑
Prices are reasonable!
Game selection is excellent!
Staff are friendly!
Drinks and food are exquisite!
I really like this place and its definitely a fun place to take your friends out for game night. 
Definitely check it out!笑
Snakes & Lattes is literally the most amazing establishment and was the highlight of my trip to Toronto (sorry, boyfriend. Seeing your fam was great and all, but... board games).

For $5/person, you can sit and play any of the games that they have for an unlimited amount of time. This is such an awesome deal for a family outing, a cute date, a get together with friends, pretty much any and every occasion.

I ordered a mango strawberry smoothie and it was really good as well. I'm such a sucker for board games and happily holed up here to play Catan for a couple of hours.

They also sell a variety of games, in case you want a quick place to drop by and pick up a board game for yourself.

I totally will be coming here every time I visit Toronto in the future!笑
Likes
-So many boardgames to choose from
-Nutella latte was sooo good
-Cozy atmosphere
-Staff available to teach you how to play a game; that doesn't mean you'll get them at your table though

Dislikes
-Really busy 
-Requests were ignored
-Being rushed out despite having made a reservation

Price
-$5 per person for cover
-Add any other drink or food cost笑
It's a interesting place to go to, but definitely not worth the hype in my opinion. The staff are very friendly but told us we had to either get a drink or pay the sitting fee but it turned out we had to do both? The drinks were hot but very plain. However, they were perfect but a freezing day. Everything is a bit overpriced but it's expected because of how hyped this place is. 

We got to stay for quite awhile and try a bunch of different games. Many of them were extremely worn out and definitely needed replacement. We must've put back over 10 that we wanted to play originally but they were way too sticky and grimy to continue. We ended up FULLY playing one or two games that we found to be okay to deal with. It's great how loud you can yell and laugh without anyone telling you to shush. That's a good thing about this place- a bunch of people together, with the same hobby. 

This place was definitely great to try out but it's not anything I'd be a regular of.笑
Came here with a group of friends and played Trivia Pursuit and Cards Against Humanity. Its a really cute place with great lattés (of course, with the name)!!! Would definitely recommend it for a casual game night!笑
Get together a few of your friends and get ready to have the most fun you've ever had in a cafe.

As you've probably heard, Snakes & Lattes is a cafe with no wifi, no one sitting around on laptops. It's coffee, some food, and of course - board games!

You pay $5 to get access to the vast wall of board games and you can essentially play as long as you want. We came with 3 people and ended up playing for almost 4 hours, through a variety of board, card, and word games. It was awesome

The selection is enormous, the staff were excellent. The one who helped us all night would take us through game setup (even dedicating 15 minutes of setup time for Pandemic), game selection, and just general questions. She was awesome, and is the reason this review is getting that 5th star, so kudos to the staff.

The atmosphere was great. On a Wednesday night it was full by 8pm with people laughing, focused, and exploring.

The food selection was lacking, but to me, it was not the focus of this. We all got ourselves some small drinks and decided to get food later in the night. According to the staff they have acquired a liqueur license and will be selling a small selection of wine/beer soon. 

Overall, I highly recommend S&L. As long as you come with an open mind and some friends who aren't dicks, you'll have plenty of fun. Go up to the wall, ask for help if you want, explore, and have fun!笑
So we came one night previously, kinda late, and the host told us that we'd be at least 2 hours on the list so we bounced. But I had heard good things about the venue, so we came back the next evening and got on the list, still about 45 minutes back. 

We walked around the Korean neighborhood and ate a light meal at Kimchi and Tofu, about three doors up (delicious if you like Korean food). We received a text saying our table was ready, hurriedly got the check and came over.

The place was bustling for a Monday night, but it was a holiday, and the service was excellent for the concept of the place. No rushing, easy laid back vibe, and they even have a few game experts on hand to teach you how to play the games. 

As for the games, they have a simple system  of what is easier and what's a little harder. All in all, it's a great vibe. 10/10 would game again.笑
The only reason I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 is because there wasn't any alcohol. Now that I see Snakes & Lagers is open, their new brainchild, I guarantee it'll be a five star experience.

This place is awesome. It's overall pretty low key, welcoming, healthy and delicious food and chill atmosphere. 

Once you grab a seat you can order food and grab a game out of the back. You pay for the game after you're done everything. It's a great place for a date too.

The guys who work here are such easy going, fun guys. They cashed us out with a muppet. Need I say more?笑
$5 for play with no obligation to purchase drinks or food. We did anyway. The sandwiches were delicious and the nutella latte was so good, but then again anything with nutella wins my heart. The quiche was still kind of runny but I didn't mind. Added a side of beet salad for $1.50 - it included pecans on a bed of mixed greens. Good salad to dressing ratio.

There's a game guru that walks around and helps you out if you're stuck. Can't rate any of the games because we ended up playing scrabble lol but there's tons of games and lots of unknown game titles. Something for everyone. There's also a small selection to purchase games as well. Love the relaxing atmosphere. Great place to chill.笑
Pros:
- Wide selection of games.
- Relatively inexpensive food (everything's less than $10).
- You only pay a $5 fee to stay for as long as you like (unlike other gaming cafes).
- Free wifi.
- Attentive and accommodating staff.

Cons:
- Some of the board games are super worn out. Maybe consider replacing some of them? (Like the Scrabble board games for instance).笑
I had so much fun tonight.

You pay $5 a person to get access to a wall of 1500 board games!!
I also loved the owner who was very knowledgable in the games there, and how to play. 

They don't have a liquor license yet, but soon, this week he said.  You can get sandwiches and tea/coffee, and snack food. As well as Vegan cupcakes!

On Sunday, it was pretty full around 7pm. But emptied out around 10pm. Although the website says 9pm closing, they close at 12am. 

You can make a booking for a table if you a have a party with more than 8 people. 

I think the place is good to try new games you've never heard of, or reminisce on the old ones.  I wish we played more variety of board games, than just the one (Settlers), but I got introduced to this game and I'm addicted! It was a great place for friends to get together and do something new!笑
While there was more than enough staff, it was unbelievably difficult to get them to come to our table. The food was expensive and disgusting; my salad had rotting lettuce when it was first given to me, and again when I sent it back to get another one. The quiche was underdone (and taken when I sent back the salad, even though I hadn't finished more than half). The compensation for the disgusting salad was no where near enough - it was taken off my bill, nothing more.

The unfortunate staff who did help me were earnest enough, but I feel that the supervisor on staff should have been the one to talk to me - especially after the second time.

The board games were fun, and the drinks were good (super expensive though) but my experience was thoroughly ruined by the rotting salad and blaise attitude by staff about it. 

Will not be going back.笑
The guys (and gal) here know what they are doing. Board games and food and drinks just work! Their place is always bustling with people. Their friendly and knowledgeable staff are always on hand to help you learn a new game. They just rock. A "MUST" to go and visit when you are in the neighborhood!笑
I used to love this place and went there all the time with friends to play. I would put up with the wait every time. I even recommended the place to many of my friends. I do find them a bit understaffed though. Sometimes you have to wait ages for someone to come and explain that board game that you are dying to play. There were many times when we haven't found anyone experienced in the game that we had and so we figured out all the rules ourselves.

Then there is this one experience which just destroyed all my good memories of this place. We had to drop off our friends at Bathurst, so we told them we would be back in 10 mins but when we came back they were like we have to wait again even though there were at least 2-3 tables (which were reserved for someone). I was ok with the fact that they had other customers on the wait list and so we would have to wait a bit. However, when the host made a nasty comment like "you guys were here for 4 hours and didn't tip us well", that was the last straw. It was our friend who had paid the bill and we were just dumbstruck. I was pretty sure they got a tip they deserved.

It's not surprising that I never went back after that. Frankly if we just buy the games amongst us, it works out to be much cheaper and that's what we do. Also, we are not obligated to buy any of their mediocre overpriced food/drinks either.笑
What a great place! Seriously wish we had a cafe like this in the Chicago area.

Came in with my mother/sister in law on a Friday night and there was a 45 minute wait. We walked around the neighborhood for a bit and came back to check out their selection of games for sale. Solid selection of games to take home, wish I had more room in my suitcase.

For $6 per person, you can hang out and play games from their extension selection. There's a wide array of different games and genres. 

The food and snacks here are also ideal for gaming. Craft beer on tap, yummy desserts, and snacks ideal for the setting. 

Only concern was the condition of some of the games we played. The copy of Sequence was almost to the point where we felt gross touching the cards. I know it's hard to keep everything up to date, but Sequence needs a replacement.笑
Bigger venue than most board-games places downtown. Wide selection of games. Try to have someone come in early to reserve a spot, because most likely you'll be waiting in line for an opening.笑
I have actually only come here to have a latte.  I came with a friend to chat and we didn't play any board games, wish we did.  I ordered a latte and it was delicious, one of the best I've ever had.  I will be back with some board game playing friends and will definitely get another latte.笑
I love S&L. Play games, sit and chat, study... it's a multi-purpose facility that's just great to hang out at. The staff are extremely laid-back, friendly people- very easy to talk to, and there to answer your questions. 
Online, I've seen a lot of people complaining about the pricing... but when you consider each game costs anywhere from $10-60 (sometimes beyond) to own privately, there are 1500+ to choose from, and you can play pretty much as long as you want to... how is this not economical?
I would agree that food and refreshments can take a while. Personally I don't usually order anything much more complicated than a mug of coffee ($1.75) and something small to munch on (~$2-3.00). I would suspect the slow service because they have a very limited kitchen facility, and few staff. They do create the sandwiches fresh to order, which I give them kudos for, because they could easily bring in pre-fab crap and speed up the food distribution.笑
Their selection of board games is pretty impressive, and this could be a place to while away an entire day (you have to pay $5 to play, after all)... but having no drip coffee is pretty inexcusable for an establishment that calls itself a cafe.  The selection of treats is also middling - I ordered the fudge and, unless it was extremely healthy, it could have been better.  Sandwiches are decent but basic, and I don't fault them for that, but they desperately need to improve their coffee and snack menus.笑
I like Snakes and Lattes. They have an excellent and wide range of boardgames to choose from and the price is accessible (5$ for unlimited play). The game geniuses are awesome. They are able to explain EVERY game.  This is a great place to spend time with friends and try some new games before you purchase.

Downsides: It's popular, so quite busy. Also, the baristas  (not the game geniuses) are all hipsters and not quite friendly and a bit condescending, but your interaction with them is limited. 

Side note: Why is it that most baristas (not just here) are such A-holes? Seriously?!?! Can someone help me out with this fact?笑
Really simple but really fun! 3rd times a charm with this place. I've tried to visit twice before but with the long wait times, I've never been able to get in until April 2013. The wait time was an hour and 45 minutes after we were told 30 - 60 minutes, but it's understandable that the staff can't control when customers will leave.  

When we got seated, the staff were friendly and very helpful with the menu items and helping us find unique games. 

The selection of games is outrageously awesome! If there's ever a game you remember loving, but forget its name, you can find it here. 

Great date place, and it's also a fun idea for a low key night. I hope more spots like this are on the way in the GTA.笑
broken record alert, all I can do is repeat what has been said before.

The concept of this place is nice, but I wish they figured out the logistics a bit better. The "sit and play as long as you want given a $5 cover" means that people want to stay for hours and hours to get the most out of their dollar, leaving the waits to get ridiculously long.

I waited around two hours to get a table for two...but don't be surprised, that's a normal wait time!
Maybe if they had more space, or if they figured out a better payment system...but as it stands right now, I don't want to wait for several hours, only to win a table and feel simultaneously guilty for taking up a table while others wait, but also uncomfortably hurried because I want to take my time and get the most out of my cover fee too.

I will commend the people who work here---I've been here twice and both times they were pretty nice; they stopped and recommended games for when we were stuck (the selection is a bit overwhelming at first, until you realise that a lot of it is expansions).
They're knowledgeable and up-to-date with the hip games so they will know what you're looking for, theoretically.
Too bad the games recommended based on games we enjoy turned out to not be so good.

I can't say much in the way of the food/drinks here.

Here are some favourites, if you ever get stuck:

GROUP GAMES:

(fast-ish to learn, classics)
Settlers is popular, but I am not a huge fan. Try Pandemic instead.
Bang
Munchkin
Blokus

(one-man-for-themselves type games, longer learning curve)
Dominion and any deck-building game
Race to the Galaxy (very overwhelming at first, but it grows on you)

GAMES THAT WORK WITH ONLY TWO PEOPLE:
Goblets is amazingly simple yet complex
The aMAZEing Labyrinth is a horribly titled but fun game
I can't recall the name right now, but it's a game with black tiles and differently coloured symbols, and you're supposed to join them to make four or five in a row... ... ...

----------

ALL IN ALL, props to the owners on trying to bring back the board game. I love board games. And if there were anywhere this idea would work, around all the hipsters near the Annex is a smart location pick.
Factoid: the owners are French! As such, most of the people working here can speak French.笑
I ADORE Snakes & Lattes. It is easily the best Board Game Cafe in Toronto, hands down.

Best food, best board game selection, best events.

I've tried a good 80% of the menu, and I really have 0 complaints. They offer a nice variety of food that is easy to snack on while you game away (sandwiches, quiches, candy, etc.), and they are freshly made and DELICIOUS. 

Snakes & Lattes also boasts a very nice hot drink menu, and I'm a little bit addicted to their Salted Caramel Lattes. Mmm.

You can't compare their vast board game collection to any other board game cafe in the area - they have a giant wall full of different games, and some pretty awesome staff who will teach you how to play any game you haven't played before, or maybe just need a refresher on. Sure, some of the games are a little worn, but none of them are at the point of being unplayable.

They also hold some awesome events. I recently attended their Ticket To Ride tournament, and just had an absolute blast. I strongly encourage you to make it out to some of their events - not only are they tons of fun, you'll meet a lot of pretty cool fellow gamers.

The only thing that sucks about Snakes & Lattes is the wait times. If you come here on a Fri-Sun during peak hours, you're in for a long wait. But, they will put you on a wait list and text you when a table is ready, so you're free to go for dinner/drinks/etc in the area while you wait.

I am definitely a frequent visitor here, and I don't see that changing any time soon ;)笑
So truth be told, I'm sort of a boardgame lover. And No not like Candyland or Yahtzee. But a little more interesting in my opinion (obviously since it's my opinion). They have the Rio Grande games, and a lot of other ones that you would find up on http://boardgamegeek.com/ Pretty cool idea. You come with your friends, pay 5 bucks and you get access to their pretty large library of games. That 5 bucks lasts until close so you can really make it count. Granted while having fun you should also try their food as it's pretty good and get a drink or two. This seems like it is a popular spot, as it's pretty unique on it's own. 

Feeling like, damn that's too geeky. Well who cares, come anyways, you are surrounded by others who are cool with their geekiness.

Feeling like, those games are too hard? Well they even have game gurus here who are pretty knowledgable and excited to offer help in selecting and even explaining some of the nuances of a lot of the games. Some are translated to English and the game developers are just that, not linguists remember. So the game gurus are pretty awesome.

Personal shout out to the game guru who suggested Riff Raff to me since I was looking for something out of the box and similar to jenga. Pretty cleverly designed and was just overall fun.

You can purchase games outside the seating area too. Pretty cool. I wish this sort of place existed elsewhere .. *cough* SF *cough*笑
Snakes & Lattes is a fantastic way to spend an evening or a lazy Sunday with friends.

In the past few times I've visited, I've had more of a great time after every visit. 

They conjure up every single board/card game you can dream of and they'll make rounds explaining each game with complete patience. 

They have a solid variety of food and beverages and can accommodate larger groups with ease, taking orders for drinks on their ipads. 

On my last visit the guy at the counter was overwhelmed and frazzled during the transaction.笑
Some of the games are poorly maintained and the food is pricey but it's a fun experience and good value for $5 all you can play. Went there on a Thursday afternoon and the place filled up quickly so be sure to get there early if you want a table.笑
It's a nice place to chill, order a latte and play board games. Definitely an interesting combination! The atmosphere is lively (especially at night) and the baristas are friendly!

I got the caramel latte and it was sweet and delicious! Example of board games include Risk, Monopoly, Life, etc. It's definitely a place I would come back to. I personally think it's a cool place to take a date ;)笑
My girlfriend and I were visiting and happened to walk by. We thought it was interesting and decided to try it. There was an hour long wait both time we were there, but it's worth it. The staff is knowledgeable and nice. The drinks were okay, but I didn't come here for drinks, I came here for all the games and good times.笑
Pretty awesome concept.  When you first walk in there a whole bunch of games you can purchase.  Toward the back there is the sitting g area where you can order drinks and food and then there's an entire wall of board games to pick from so you can play when you eat and drink. 

There a $5 standard cover per person when you come in to sit down and play games,  that lasts the entire time you're at the place. They also have "game experts"  around that can help you look for things or help you if you're confused about rules and whatnot. 

I only had a flat white which was pretty good,  but I'd imagine most people come here for the games.  it's a really cool and unique idea you don't see too often.笑
This place is quite popular. The tables got filled literally within an hour of getting in here on Friday around 4 PM. There's a huge selection of games to play and you can get lost in between choosing, but they're very helpful if it's your first time there.
I didn't come here to play games. I was just in the neighbourhood looking for a coffee shop with a big table, power outlets and free wifi and this place seemed like the best option. Their food and beverages are quite good. I tried a flat white, and later ordered an Italian soda (cherry and lime), which was quite refreshing and was recommended by our waitress, whose outfit I loved by the way.

All the tables around us, including the young teenagers and the older adults seemed to have a good time and they all had food on their tables. They sell lots of games at the front and what I love the most about this place is that the staff is very passionate and knowledgable. 
I'm looking forward to coming here and try some games with friends.笑
I went with my partner a few weeks ago and this place was packed! People everywhere and running amok, which adds to the jovial environment, but can produce hectic service. For newbies like us we were just confronted with confusion. We stood at the counter for a few minute waiting for someone to take care of us and seat us. Then we were told to wait for someone to get off break. Kinda of rough service, needs a little work. 

After a while though we were seated downstairs. In a small yellow room, people crammed in playing their board games. It is better to sit up stairs, the small space makes it seem you're sitting in church basement. We asked to move and they understood without a problem.

There is also a game expert that helps you out as well. If you ever go in, its the pony-tailed fellow in the Chinese jacket. He apparently knows everything about all games, which is amazing cause he can act as referee in rule disputes. Lattes and coffee take some time to get to you, they're not that great. But aside from the service and the lukewarm watery latte this place kind of got me. Its fun and playful and the game expert is the coolest nerd on the planet.

I suggest going with 4 or more people, there are limited 2 player games. They are not also licensed in the basement, so if you want to drink you'd better wait for a table upstairs.笑
Went here with some friends and was quite disappointed. Didn't order much - just a milkshake and a couple of smoothies - and it was alright. 
The games weren't very good. They offer what looks like a huge selection, but after grabbing about ten, we were only able to play a couple. The games were either missing parts, score cards, instructions (the entire game board for Harry Potter trivia pursuit!), etc.
Not worth the hype. The service was ok, drinks were fine.笑
Very lovely and unique place. Came here to check the place as I have heard of it. The place is basic cafe with 6 bucks added for all you can play board games. They have so many games that you get lost and donot know what to play, lucky they have people around which can guide you. I mainly played battle field as I love the game and was fun most pices were present and all was good. Ordered a hot chocolate since playing board games made me feel like a kid as I donot play much. 

Definitely a place to hang with friends.笑
Love this spot - a completely unique place in the city.

It does get super busy, so consider visiting at off-peak times like early and mid-week and when it first opens on weekends.  These times are awesome, because you can get a table (not always easy) and if the staff aren't too busy, they'll even teach you how to play new games!

The food is just ok.  The baked goods make a nice snack, but I would probably recommend going somewhere else if you're picky.

All in all, it's fantastic.笑
Came here with a party of 3 this afternoon after a reccomendation from my friend. This is an awesome place to hang out with friends! For $5/person, you can play SO many board games as long as you want! Their selection of games is HUGE, sort of like a library. Their selection of drinks are quite affordable; I ordered a mocha and my friends got smoothies. They also have snacks and baked goods which I may try next time. Staff seem friendly. Will come back if I'm in the area.笑
I love this place. A friend of mine was visiting from the UK for a week and we traveled twice to Toronto from west GTA to enjoy the games, coffee and atmosphere. The $5 cover charge is reasonable for the hundreds of games at hand you can try. S & L was busy both weeknights we went so I imagine weekends can get quite busy. The staff is extremely knowledgeable about the games and as soon as we opened an instruction booklet someone appeared magically to assist us!  The game selection for purchase is vast and there's a whole wall dedicated to Cards Against Humanity. I would highly recommend this place.笑
A nostalgic heaven! Remember the good old days before smart phones and tablets where playing a game involved actually socializing with others?

For just $5 you get to play shelves full of board/card games. You name it, they got it. They even sell brand new board games for 10% discount if you check in. They have a decent menu of reasonably priced hot/cold drinks and sandwiches to choose from.

Super friendly staff. Free WiFi (not that you will need it). I strongly recommend this place for 2-4 players ages 8 and up!笑
We went to this place during Thanksgiving weekend for the first time. They had a great selection of games. In fact, when we sat down, the waitress came over, took our order and explained how everything worked. 

While we were waiting for our lattes, we walked over to the wall of games and were helped right away. Based on our favourite games, he made some great suggestions.
He came over and explained each game which I thought was a nice touch. 

It's a $5 fee PP to play unlimited games. The place was packed with teens, families, hipsters, nerds, couples, singles & whatever! I was really impressed.

**if you go, try to make a reservation. If they are busy, they will text you when there is a table ready**笑
Snakes and Lattes! How do I love thee? Let me count the ways. As an American (from Texas) I find this place original and basically brilliant. This is the type of place I would go, easily, once a week if I lived near the city. It fulfilled in me something so specific -- it makes me so happy to be single and to not have kids.

Okay, so the snacks and coffee were just okay! Maybe I will try something other than mac and cheese if I can get back. I also think my experience would have been superior if we had more than just two players at our table, but again, I was just a tourist.

My partner and I played what was recommended to us, but I can only remember the name of the first: Concept. We spent a long time enjoying that one with lots of laughs. My dream is to come back, perhaps with a bigger group, and play Ticket to Ride and Cards Against Humanity.

God! I wish there were more places like these around. Thank you for existing!笑
First off, for someone who is too cheap to purchase and collect board games for myself, the concept of bringing together a cafe and an array of board games is quite brilliant.
 
Pros: 
- Excellent customer service. The game experts were a joy to talk to; they were easy-going and eager to help with any questions about the games.  

- Cute atmosphere. I like the quaint cafe vibe they have going on with the jazzy paintings on the walls and the mahogany wood furniture.

- HUGE selection of board games. Huge. 

The only drawback is that the food is a bit expensive. However, if you stay for hours to play games the price is really not that bad. In terms the quality, I've only had the chocolate milkshake, but I can tell you that it was a pretty damn good milkshake! 

Overall I had a great experience and I'd recommend game lovers to give this place a try if you haven't already.笑
Snakes & Lattes is an incredibly fun place to visit. Great atmosphere for gaming. Huge game selection. Extremely friendly and knowledgable staff. Can't wait to come back!笑
I had heard a lot of great things about Snakes & Lattes so I was very eager to try it out for myself! As other reviewers have stated, this place is packed regardless of the day or time you visit, so be prepared to wait for a table. 

The legends are true, they actually have every board game you can think of and a ton you never dreamed existed! One could spend ages attempting to try them all out! There is positively no way to grow bored here with all the boards there are to choose from (sorry, couldn't help but bust out a lame-o pun)!

The 5 dollar fee allowed me to partake in a plethora of games - Battleship, Othello, Scrabble, Guess Who, Scattegories, Movie Trivia, and Balderdash (just to name a few). I saw other people playing Headbandz (completely forgot that game existed), Settlers of Catan, and Fireball Island (another one that I couldn't believe they had!). 

Be aware that they don't serve alcohol in the back room of the cafe. They are happy to let you know when a table in the front room becomes available though, so just be sure to request that.笑
My cousin is a gamer and when he was in town, he really wanted to go here.

If it weren't for him, I'd probably never end up here - I don't get excited playing (or lusting/drooling on) board games - but I will admit that it was a good time!

Relaxed atmosphere and staff were friendly.笑
Maybe I should have gone at an earlier time.

I went to Snakes & Lattes with my cousins and boyfriend as a "Last Night in Toronto" type of deal. I didn't want to go to Snakes & Lagers because I just don't like beer like that. We came in a bit late, but they close at 2, so I didn't think it was that big of a deal.

When we arrived, everything was already shut down. No food, no snacks, no hot drinks. Only sodas and tea. The servers, or whatever you call them, here were rude. I did not enjoy their service or attitude at all. The girl that we had dropped a check off before we even chose a game. Sorry, but were you going to ask us if we wanted anything to drink? You did tell us at the door that you still had sodas and tea.. What is up with that?

There was a large selection of games, which was nice, but hello? Your service needs to be nicer. I work in the hospitality business. When you say you close at 2AM, you should close at 2AM. You should not start closing at 12-something AM and have your employees leave at 2. That's just ridiculous.笑
Board game cafes are always a lot of fun. I love coming here with a group of friends and discovering new board games :) You can even buy the game there (new) if you discover that you really like it. They have coffee, lattes and beer on the menu along with pastries and some food. If I were trapped somewhere for a week, it would be here for sure!笑
As someone who has only ever played traditional games and even then, the times have been few and far between, the idea of going to S&L was somewhat intimidating.  Turns out I had nothing to fear.  The selection of games is huge and displayed by category.  The staff on hand is willing to make a suggestion for you and will even give instructions on how to play.  The crowd was mainly uni students, but my group was in our 40's and didn't stand out at all.  I'd definitely return for something fun and different to do!笑
Well before this cafe opened, I was aware of board game culture and knew about publishers like Rio Grande.  I am really glad that these awesome games and the pastime is gaining in popularity.  Snakes & Lattes have certainly helped the cause.  Hopefully Puerto Rico will one day be as popular as Settlers.

That being the case, they seem to be victims of their own popularity.  Of three attempts, I have only been able to get in once.  It was on a date, a long time ago, and she enjoyed it.  

But the place is simply always rammed.  

Given that they have such a vast array of games, it is understood why.  My fear is that people come here to play common games that can still be bought instead of trying some of their rare gems that are no longer made/sold.  

Based on recent reviews, it appears that they have expanded so maybe I'll be back if I can find somebody to go with.  It is a great date place.笑
Like everyone else who's been there, the idea of this place is so magnificent, I finally went. 
My friends had made a reservation, and I went in (late) to find them...and was chased by the man who worked there barking at me "you owe me $5 to enter!"
"yes, okay, I just want to find my friends and say hello...I'll be there ti pay you in a minute"
So, I was slightly unimpressed. 

The place is packed, which is totally understandable because it's a great place to go if you don't want to go out boozin' (although you do have that option there, as well).
The drinks/food is a bit pricey especially after you've paid $5 to enter, but the idea of the place is just so brilliant that I don't care. 

Worth checking out, for sure. But too busy, and I'd rather keep my $5 cover for a cheap club on the weekend, thankyouverymuch.笑
Went here on a Fri around 5...loved this place!  Awesome vibe,great drinks & surprisingly welcome mix of beers too. I'd recommend the Belgian.  The waiter was really helpful at explaining board game instructions. All in all,a great experience.笑
The only thing that bothers me about Snakes and Lattes is that I'm very upset I didn't find out about it until I moved away from Toronto.

Every neighbourhood needs a place like this. It's like going to a cafe that is also your friend-who-owns-all-the-coolest-games' place. There are more games here than the average person could ever play in their lifetime, in every category imaginable. One of the staff guys told me an approximate number but I'm blanking on it right now. They serve typical cafe fare, plus some heavier menu items if you plan on spending the whole day, and there's even a decent beer selection. But they don't pressure you to spend anything beyond your $5 cover charge - or try to get you to leave so they can get new customers. They also have a little shop where they might have a brand new version of you favourite games for sale.

Ok the best thing: the staff. It somehow seemed like there were 20 people working here, so there was always someone there at the ready to help. There were just too many games to choose from, so we asked for some suggestions. We got several. And a couple of the staff came over to our table, sat down with us, and played a few rounds of each game so we could understand the rules. Everyone just seemed so passionate about board games! 

Minor negative point: there can be some pretty intense wait times since table turnover is slow. However, they've got a great notification system - they just take your name and cell # and then text you when your table's ready (15 minutes to claim it), so you can go and do some shopping or something instead of standing by the door for 45 minutes. I believe you can also call in ahead of time to book a table.

Needless to say, I will make an effort to come back when I'm in Toronto.笑
We tried calling days in advance for a reservation for 10, but they wouldn't take a reservation for a Friday night at 7pm. When I arrived I put my name on a wait list. The hostess said it would be an hour wait, and suggested to walk to their other location on College Street. We decided to stay at the Bloor Street location as we were still waiting for people to arrive. We checked in with the hostess a few times who didn't seem impressed. The wait ended up being at least an hour. When we finally got a table the service was okay. The fraught beer was definitely a smaller portion than a pint for $7. The glasses of wine were also small portions being about 5 ounces. The only great service was from a man in a vest who was passionate suggesting and explaining some games to us.笑
Staff: Super friendly and helpful.
Games collection: Great and extensive
Food: Elementary at best. Full of cheap ingredients and way too much bread in the so-called flatbreads. Highly recommend something outside of the flatbreads if you're carb conscious. The coffee is good, though the Nutella latte wasn't stirred.

Overall: Enjoyable, but be careful with the food selection.笑
We played this random zombies board game which took our waiter about 30minutes to explain. The Nutella latte was like nothing else I've tried before!! This place is perfect is you're trying to stay away from alcohol and the cold outdoors!!笑
Finally checked out S'n'L tonight as my friend and I had heard a lot about this place.

The system in place to reserve a spot is a little (or extremely?) confusing, I must admit. You can reserve a table, but it has to be done 2 days in advance (?). If you call the morning of the day you're planning to go, you might be able to put your name on a waiting list; however, said waiting list is no guarantee that you'll get a spot (?).

But ...
I really enjoyed myself here and I was left w a good impression when I left tonight.

I put my name on the waiting list and luckily we were seated 5-10 minutes after arriving.

Collection of board games is quite diverse. They have the old school board games from way back when I was in grade school to the recent ...... [insert movie or show title] board game.

No matter what you do, don't order the Nanaimo bar.
For $2.50 it was TEENY TINY

In spite of the confusing reso system and tiny Nanaimo bar, I think this place is a solid 4 star.

I will def be back.笑
This place is awesome!

It has a lot of games to choose from, and if you are not sure what to choose, just let the staff help you! They will choose a game for you and explain it, that really helped :)

Food is ok, not very expensive, but not big portions.

Drinks (coffees, smoothies, etc) are good, and the price is Ok, not cheap, not expensive.

The best thing is that yu can spend as much time as you want for 5$ per person.

We went on a Wednesday, so we didn't even have to wait 5 minutes, but I've heard it gets crowded during the weekends, just so you know!笑
I love this place. I've come here in 2's, 3's, 4's and 5's and always had a ridiculously good time. Hundreds of games, old and new, and literally every kind imaginable.  All for $5, which probably makes it the cheapest fun you can have with your clothes on ;)

The staff is knowledgeable and I always end up loving at least one of the few suggestions they make. My current favourite - Intrigue, a super-fun game where your friends can easily become your enemies ;)

The layout has changed many times in the last few years but they have finally expanded into a much bigger space, but I still wish it was larger. But the folks here are pretty good at keeping people updated when spaces open up, moving tables and chairs around etc. 

While this place is A+ when it comes to fun and games, truth be told, their food and drinks are just not good. I do wish this place would invest into getting some good things on the menu (which I would happily pay more for) and that's why I rated it as a 4. Other than that, this place is downright awesome.笑
Entrance Fee: $5
Time Limit: Unlimited 
Number of Board Games: Too many to count

This place is amazing for a group of friends to spend a day. When they first opened, they were a small place and then they expanded to their basement and then expanded to another building next door. It's a pretty massive place now. The workers are very knowledgable with pretty much all of their board games; if you pick one off the shelf and can't figure it out, don't be afraid to ask for help. The workers won't bite. 

Never tried any of their cafe items, so I can't make a comment about that. 

Definitely worth a visit, even once just for the experience.笑
Really nice board game cafe. It has a wide selection of games for you to choose from and the food taste great. However, I found the food to be a bit pricey and the menu selection was very limited. I would certainly visit again with friends.笑
My low(ish) rating is reflective of the fact that their coffee SUCKS. Often, it's obvious that the brewed coffee is usually old. Their lattes just aren't good. They really need to focus a little more on the "Lattes" part of their name. The food is way over-priced for what is served. The new renovation is really nice, and as always it's a lot of fun. I really don't like how long you have to wait for a table, and you can't even call ahead day of to get on the list. I waited 3 hours last time. They may want to consider putting a time limit on how long you can be there. Your average cafe won't care if you bring in outside food; I brought an orange in (as stated, I'd been waiting three hours and was hungry) and they asked me to leave to eat it. AN ORANGE. It's not a restaurant, and if they want to be considered a food/drink place they really need to up their game.笑
Soooooo much fun, but BOOK AHEAD, or you will have to wait. Maybe not the worse thing, karaoke right across the street :D笑
While I love the idea and the selection of boardgames is awesome, the service and food are quite mediocre. 

I ordered a simple sandwich (essentially a grilled cheese) as soon as I got in, and it took them over an hour to serve me because they said that they were too busy. While I understand that there were only a small amount of staff on duty, they could have taken 2 minutes to make my simple sandwich. When it finally did come, it was all mangled because it got stuck to the sandwich grill. The coffee is average, but I have no complaints. 

All in all it's a good place to go for a fun afternoon.. just don't expect great service.笑
Came here for take-out as there were no other coffee shops nearby. The service was quick and accomadating however the drink lacked the kick I love in my espresso drinks. Tasted okay. The price was very affordable in my opinion.笑
I've been to Snakes and Lattes twice and we're 1-for-2 when it comes to getting good game suggestions. The staff are definitely very knowledgeable about the massive library of games and are willing to spend the time with each individual table to go over all the rules. You can tell how much these guys/gals love their board games.

Of course, since it's unique in Toronto, the wait time to get in is usually ridiculous. But there are some great places to drink.eat in the area, so both times we got on the waitlist early and just had dinner and/or knocked back a few brews while waiting for a text message from S&L staff.

The place is licensed now so you can get a selection of bottled beer, including a few options from Unibroue (i.e. Maudite, Blanche de Chambly). They also have lots of baked snacks if you get peckish.

$5 cover isn't a bad price to pay for unlimited board-gaming. Just make sure you double-check with the staff that the game isn't too complicated for a group that's already half in the bag.笑
I've been to Snakes twice, and both times I had a pretty decent experience.  Expect to wait for a while before you're seated though.  This place is definitely popular; you'll probably be waiting 20 minutes or so before a table is free for you. 

Once you're seated though, you'll have a pretty good time.  There's a huge assortment of board games to choose from.  The lattes aren't bad either.  For $10, you'll be having fun playing what you want as well as sipping on a nice drink, which isn't too bad.

In the end, I'd try to find another board game cafe.  Snakes & Lattes is good, but it's just too damn popular.笑
We had been planning on coming to Snakes and Lattes for almost 6 months, and finally managed to make it on a Sunday evening in August 2015. Obviously, we were really excited and loved the set-up of the cafe and all the board games lining the walls. Our hostess was lovely; she was very polite, smiley and explained the rules for the evening very clearly. She then handed us off to our server, Mandy. Mandy managed to put a downer on the entire evening. She made faces when we asked her questions, fussed about tiny things (I asked for spoons to stir our coffees, she wanted to know exactly how many we wanted. If I was in her place, I would just have brought out one per customer instead of interrogating customers on just how many utensils they wanted, which should have been brought out with the drinks anyway), and didn't spend more than 5 seconds to ask if we had everything we needed. We literally had to chase her down to get things. She also made a mountain out of a molehill when we asked for a coffee to be re-heated: apparently they don't have a microwave that is used solely for drinks, so she couldn't heat up the coffee in there. Instead, she suggested that we just buy another drink (the person buying was on a student budget and would rather just have enjoyed the cup she'd already bought instead of spending more money on coffee). All in all, the experience left us feeling upset. The 15% gratuity that was added on felt like it wasn't deserved at all, and we doubt that we will be coming back (even though we loved the concept and the drinks). I hope this is not the common experience at Snakes and Lattes. I was really disappointed.笑
Unfortunately I was slightly disappointed with this place due to the lackluster service, but I still had a great time and would likely return in the future. In terms of service, it wasn't like the people working there were rude, in fact they were extremely friendly. However I found it problematic that despite leaving my name and number with the place, I didn't receive a call for over an hour and a half, when I was only promised only an hour wait. Although I thought it could've been that nobody was leaving or they were just busy, when I went to check on them the hostess didn't seem that occupied, and was in fact able to offer me a seat right away. (While looking for my seat I actually noticed several empty tables as well, which makes me question the efficiency of the calling system.) Another issue was that servers rarely walked by the expanded area of the place, and as a result I had very limited service and would sometimes have to go out of my way to get their attention. No servers stopped by to ask how we were doing, or if we wanted to order anything in the 2 hours we spent there. In addition no server even introduced themselves to my friends and I when we just sat down, so we weren't even able to get any cool game recommendations that other people have been talking about.  

 However I definitely still enjoy the concept of this place, and the wide variety of board games that are available. Next time I come I will definitely make a reservation to ensure prompt seating, and I would probably not order any food or drinks, because quite frankly they seem severely overpriced for their quality (but hey, they got to make a profit so it's understandable). Oh don't forget to check in on yelp to get $2.50 off the $5 dollar charge!笑
This place was great! Nice AC going, friendly staff, loads of games. My only caveat is that some of the games displays do not have any prices, so you have to ask someone about them specifically. Otherwise, it's great.笑
I think this concept of board games and food is really neat. But then again, who wouldn't​ think so? 

I've been here a couple of times, and if you're with the right people, it's fun. From personal experience, I would suggest going with more than 4 people just bc it's more fun that way (the more the merrier hah).  

In case you didn't know, it costs $5 per person to play for as long as you want, excluding food and drinks obviously. As for the food, it is pretty good, nothing​ to complain about. 

I usually go sometimes in the afternoon when it's pretty close to empty, and it starts to get more loud and full in the evenings.笑
Wow! A brilliant concept: board games and no laptops.

This is a board game dilettante's dream. Serious gamers will say that "Setllers of Catan" is a gateway game... here's a place where you can experiment with more. (Sounds like I'm discussing illicit drug use. I suppose there are similarities.)

Hand over $5 and you have access to an impressive collection of board games for as long as you'd like. All the titles that you're curious about in the store - without the commitment.

One complaint is that the drinks aren't spectacular; perhaps they need to work a bit on the cafe aspect. The "treats" menu could also be expanded.

Altogether, a pretty good execution of a smart idea.笑
WOW!!!WHAT A BRILLIANT IDEA!!!!
I came up with the idea to go here with my hubby on my day off..

Once we entered inside...we were AMAZED by walls of games...talk about GAME BOARD HEAVEN!

We each gave our $5 to the guy at the counter and we were set..

and let me say..we only intended to stay there for an hour, but we ended up staying a lot longer then that..it was SO much fun!

the ONLY downfall (to me)...was the food...i ordered the banana cream puff. Not only was it expensive (for a cream puff), but it tasted like disgusting...i wanted to vomit..in fact, it kind of tasted like vomit...

BUT OTHER THEN THAT, i've been spreading the word about snakes & Lattes to all my friends and coworkers. IM A HUGE FAN! and i'll be back very soon =)笑
Really fun place to go to! I haven't been in a while, but every time we go it's a lot of fun. Although their food is good, I wouldn't go here solely for the food... Their drinks are really good (alcoholic and non-alcoholic). The last time I went they were still renewing their license so we couldn't get alcoholic drinks, but I'm sure they have them now lol. I would go here with a big group of friends. Oh and they don't take reservations which sucks. So if you go in the evening chances are you'll have to wait at least 30 min for a table, depending on how many people...笑
This place has everything!! Being able to play games while drinking and eating - it can't get any better than that! Hundreds of games to choose from and the staff are super friendly and helpful if you need help choosing or learning a game! The popcorn was delicious and a perfect snack while playing games all day and drinking! Coffee with liqueurs added to it also was great especially when you've been out all day. I was in town for 6 days and wanted to come here every day for all the games!! Don't miss it!!笑
Awesome. Great fun place to chill and play.
True, getting a table can be a challenge at times, but don't give up. It's worth it.笑
Tough to get a table on a weekend - I recommend booking weeks in advance or trying to get a spot on their waiting list the day of. 

What I like most about Snakes n Lattes is that, in spite of a great menu of drinks and snacks, they never pressure you to spend more than entrance. It's nice to at least buy a (very tasty) chai latte or two, though, especially as with so many games it's likely you'll be there for 3-4 hours at a time.

I recommend checking out cooperative game Pandemic - so much fun.笑
Great  concept here. I love the idea of board games w coffee or tea. It has a great interior decor with large wooden tables to sit at with friends to play a large variety of games which you are also able to purchase. Great lattes here which you can pair w delicious treats or sandwiches. Great date spot or hangout with close friends. Pricing is very fair.笑
After a brutal dinner at Isomnia down the street, my friend suggested we go to Snakes and Lattes for some fun times!

It appears that they just took over the store front beside them to add more space for the bustling, late-night crowds showing up even on a Wednesday night!

The crowd was all over the map!

One table had an Orthodox Jewish couple playing games, another a group of University kids ... I saw a group of Asian kids and another table with a couple who looked as if they were on their first date!

It's a very open and welcoming environment.

Everyone had a smiles on their faces.

We got in okay, but couldn't have a beer or wine on the side in which we were sat.

Our server moved us to the licensed side of the cafe and we were on!

The servers are fun, but they are brutal!
They forgot our drinks twice.

That being said, they didn't make any BS excuses.

I enjoyed my beer ... the wine was average.

The game selection is amazing!

We played it safe and played Boggle and Connect Four, and then this guy, who looked like he came from the Starship Enterprise suggested a game and taught us how to play it ... it's called Word on the Street.

We really enjoyed it, and when the Game Master came back, his face really lit up when we told him how much we enjoyed the game. 

They shut down the Espresso Bar at some point close to the end of our evening their, but I am not sure if I wanted to try their coffee.

It was nice to see a place that invests in the satisfaction of its game-playing customers with staff who really want to be there!

Hire a couple of great waiters and they will make the experience even better!笑
I really hate writing this review, because I was so excited to go here but my experience was not a good one.

I called early in the afternoon to make a reservation for two for later that day and was told that though they were booked up for the evening, they had one last available reservation for two for 930pm. I said I would take it and was asked for my phone number so they could call and confirm the reservation later on. I'm new in town and, at the time, all I had was an Alberta number. When I reeled it off, the hostess asked if I had a local number and when I said no, she said, 'Okay, well we won't be ringing that, so you should just show up.' I was a little miffed about that but figured, whatever, I hear it's a small place, maybe they don't want to run up their bills with expensive calls.

We showed up on time and when I gave my name, was told there was no reservation listed under that name. "What time was it for again?" the guy asked. When I reiterated that it was definitely 930pm, he told me that they don't take reservations that late in the evening because they're so busy and he doesn't know why I was told I had one. He told us to take a walk around town and he would call when a table opened up.

At this stage I was pretty disappointed, but I agreed. Luckily, they called literally right as we stepped out the door. (We were able to provide them with a Toronto number before leaving -- I hadn't even bothered to bring my phone with me since I was told it was no good earlier in the day.) We arrived back and were given a table right in front of the counter. We ordered a tomato and cheese quiche and an open sandwich with a couple of drinks.

The quiche came first and I noticed that it didn't look like the tomato and cheese quiche in the window. I guess the waiter noticed the confused look on my face because I saw the recognition register and I took it as an invitation to ask if it was what I had ordered.

"Oh yeah, the ... what was it you ordered? The tomato and cheese quiche, yeah! Yeah, that's actually different to what it says on the menu. It's got salmon in it, so I figured you wouldn't want that, because it's a totally different flavour, right? So I grabbed this. It's mushroom and zucchini and then I just threw a bunch of cheese on top because it didn't look very cheesy. It's really good, trust me!"

Usually, I'm fine with the waiter recommending stuff if something I want isn't available, but we weren't told when we ordered and I'm pretty sure he would have left it if I hadn't done a double-take when he brought over my food. We weren't given the option to order something else (and neither of us liking mushrooms, we totally would have) and we were sitting four feet from the counter! They easily could have explained and asked us if we wanted to order something else instead. On the plus side, the sandwich and the drinks (a couple of their milkshakes and a hot chocolate) were lovely!

I so wanted to like this place, and I loved the games -- hence the two stars! We played Battleship and a whole bunch of kids games that we had never heard of. Sadly, the experience with the food was more than a little lame and the staff didn't really seem to care. I also noticed at one point that everyone was outside smoking. I couldn't see a single employee manning the counter or register. I'm hoping that my sight failed me, and there was someone there, bent down stocking shelves or something, but I'm pretty sure that was not the case. 

I'll be back when my sister is in town, because it's a really unique idea and we have nothing like it at home (and I did really love all the games!!!), but I'm going to be calling well in advance, requesting an early reservation and making sure we eat before we go.笑
They have a great selection of games and good food and drinks too. The best board game cafe I've every been to. The staff are all so nice and they have someone to teach you how to play games if you don't understand.

Just expect a wait if you don't make an appointment in advance. I would recommend making an appointment a week beforehand. If you go the day of, there's almost a guarantee that you'll be on the waiting list for at least fifteen minutes and usually it's up to an hour and a half of a wait.

$5 for unlimited play is an amazing deal and this place is great for large groups. You'll be there for at least an hour and it's so easy to loose track of time! I recommend you give this place a chance because you'll be wanting to go back again and again!笑
Food 2.5/5 (50% of final grade)
I went with friends after a big dinner, so I was too full to eat anything at first. BUT BUT BUT, in the middle of a game of Coup, when a divine smell of carbs and sugar floated in the air, I had to ask. The server explained that the smell might be from brownies (to which I rejoiced), but it turned out to be... WAFFLES!!!! So then I ordered waffles. I didn't know which one to pick though, so I had the server pick for me. He was compliant enough! When it came, it was alright is all I can really say. The smell was very nice, but the waffle itself was at par with all the other waffles I've eaten and not otherworldly delicious or anything. My friends ordered coffees and lattes and stuff, but they didn't really comment on the food itself, so I think that is indicative.

Ambience 3/5 (15% of final grade)
Not beautiful or refined, but walk in and right away you feel cozy. We were seated right by the kitchen, but that was fine--that meant we were seated next to the board games as well. Besides, the place was clean, as per usual, so no complaints here. The ambience is perfect for friends to visit for an afternoon tea or after-dinner snack! I haven't been here for a legitimate meal, but from what other people were eating, I think it works wholesomely.

Service 3.5/5 (15% of final grade)
At first my impression of their service wasn't very good, because the lady at the front desk who took our names for the seating cue obviously wanted to go home badly. But instead of the 30 minutes they initially told us to wait, we only had to wait around 15 minutes, which is nice (we distracted ourselves with gelato down the street anyway). The actual service I'm giving this better-than-par rating to is our actual server. We were sort of sad when we found out that Coup was taken by someone else (we did settle for Cards Against Humanity, but I digress), so it was really, really, really awesome when they told us they'd keep an eye out for it. Half an hour-ish passed and VOILA OMG THE SERVER BROUGHT OUR GAME. I like how they actually looked out for it instead of just saying they would!

Cost 2.5/5 (10% of final grade)
For the part of town that we were in and also the food that we received, the price was fair. Their charge of $5 per person for game-playing was also worth it (the $5 was for your entire stay of all-you-can-play board games).

Brownie Points 3/5 (10% of final grade)
Extra brownie points for the huge array of games they have, and again how they actually brought us the game we wanted after it became available ;)

Final Grade = 55.5/100 = 3 shiny, shiny, shiny stars

TLDR: I would definitely be back if I'm in the area next time. Please come with friends. This place is pointless without a friend or two to play with you. Unless you're into Jenga by yourself.笑
Went in here for the first time on a rainy day. Service could be improved. We found that the waitress should have come by to ask us how things were going and to take our order. The hot chocolate was impressive. It as creamy and the little deco with the whipped cream is so pretty! I would recommend to call in advance for reservation. But regardless their text system works quite well too. (They text you once a table is ready and you have 10 mins to get it/text back within 5 mins to confirm table).笑
What an ingenious idea! I wish I'd thought of it. Snakes & Lattes isn't like any other place; for $5 play as many games as you'd like. Don't go for the food, though, go for the fun!笑
My friends and I met up here on a Wednesday. We were meeting at 8 and they wouldn't let us get a table until the entire party arrived. By the time everyone arrived there was a waiting list. Boo. I really wish they took reservations.

They have an incredible selection of games and you can spend hours on end (which is why I guess there is always a wait). The $5 cover buys you endless hours of entertainment. The night we went, there was only one game guru so we didn't get much help from him considering the place was packed. It was also pretty hard to get a hold of our waiter - but he was definitely super friendly to deal with.

The food/drink was ok. I had the strawberry cheesecake milkshake which was pretty good, other than the chunks of fruit and cream cheese (ew) that weren't properly blended. My friends got the "colossal" brownie which was actually huge but more of a chocolate cake than a brownie, but good otherwise. One of my friends was also disappointed that they no longer carry any gluten-free options. Our waiter informed us that their pastry chef who used to make all the baked goods is no longer working for them.

I recommend this place for a nice evening with a few friends but the food/service etc are nothing to write home about.笑
Only a monster wouldn't like a cafe with board games stacked up to the ceiling.
On a date? Hanging with friends? Skipping school? All valid reasons to drop in and play some jenga.笑
If you haven't heard, Snakes & Lattes is Toronto's first board-game cafe with the simple premise of offering good coffee, sweets and sandwiches in a friendly, social environment galvanized by the fun, competitive and strategic play of board games. 

Snakes and Latte's opened all of six days ago. I visited today (Sunday) for the first time and was met with standing-room only floor space and a 10 minute wait for a table. I spent brief wait sipping on a delicious coffee and browsing the ridiculously comprehensive selection of games lining a 40 foot section of wall from floor to ceiling - and yes they have (insert board game name here) that game too.

Face-to-screen video games like Rock Band and Mario Party are so 2000 - in 2010 the face-to-face, hands-on interaction of board games, combined with the nostalgia many associate with certain titles from their youth is fueling their comeback in a big way. Based on the smiling faces and room-wide chatter of friends and strangers interacting seamlessly in this brand new space, I'd say the time is ripe for this sort of a business.

If you have even a moderate interest in games you should check this place out, if you are a gamer at heart, beware as you will find yourself pleasantly overwhelmed by the possibilities of whiling away hours gaming and making new friends. First date? Make it Snakes and Lattes for the original, fun and interactive possibilities and your date will surely be impressed.

Oh by the way, the Liquor License Application in the from window means that this place is only going to get better - drinking Catan anyone?

UPDATE!! Liquor License Approved: "Sleeman, Hoegaarden, Desperados, Corona, Smirnoff Ice, Woody's....and Board Games." -@snakesandlattes twitter feed笑
Seeing all the hype I decided to check this place out considering I've been to castle and roll play before. Not a good experience overall, wait staff didn't bother to seat us even with maybe 7 seats occupied. Majority of the games old and ruined. I understand they have lots of customers but at least keep up the games condition with the money made. No service whatsoever, game collection is massive but the condition of games turned us away.笑
What an awesome place! I had been wanting to go for so long - finally made it happen

The collection of board games is amazing - they have almost everything you can imagine in every category. I didn't try any food since we got here after dinner - but we didn't have to look at the menu beyond NUTELLA latte!! They do have a licensed bar and open till 2am which makes things even better if you want to stick around and play some Jenga while tipsy! 

The cherry on top was the service - absolutely thrilled with the guys who work there. Funny, friendly and super helpful. 

Looking forward to visiting again!笑
I came here for a second time and had fun with my bestie playing games that were suggested by the Game Guru.  $5 for all night access to board game is great.

I have only two beef:
- The food serving is pitifully small for what you pay for.  I was so hungry after leaving the place.  If they had more substantial fare I would have stayed longer.  Maybe that's the point.
- Some of the games have significant wear and tear so it was hard to enjoy.

Other than those two things I would come back again and enjoy it with a group of friends:)笑
Came here with four friends today, and I have to say I'm impressed.

What to Expect
-$5 for unlimited play in their cafe, they have a lot of board games. Make sure to ask Steve for recommendations because it can be overwhelming when you see the wall of games.
-The service is quite slow, although they are very nice people. 
-Ask them for your bill after, they split bills for groups 5 or smaller.
-Come early so you get tables! 
-Some board games are extremely extremely old and missing things.
-Cards against humanity=LAUGHS FOR EVERYONE

What to Eat
-Overpriced food in my opinion, we ordered a cookies ($2.25) which ended up just being one large cookie, it was good quality but over priced.
-Vegetable chips are delicious ($3 for a bowl with a spicy aioli) I could've made it for less than $1 considering that I knew the chips came from a bag.
-They give you a glass of water. Be careful, though! 3 glasses broke that day because people were playing on their small tables.

Overall, it is definitely worth it to go with friends and good for dates. I love the concept of a board game cafe, but I wish they would lower their prices for their food, more people would be enticed to buy their food.笑
If you don't go hungry, you'll have a great time. you can buy snacks but they're not worth the price. Also, if you are going with a large group call and make a reservation as they place gets pretty busy. Lastly, have fun and enjoy the nostalgia.笑
My first visit to Snakes & Lattes was on a Tuesday around 1:30 pm.  The place was pretty empty when we got there...didn't have to wait for a table.  Friendly, welcoming staff, explained to us how it all works.

My friend and I looked through the tons of board games and decided on Quirkle.  Just as we were about to read the instructions as staff member came up to our table and asked us if we wanted him to show us how to play the game.  

These thoughts started running through my head..."Who is this weird guy, who's just set his latte on our table?"..."Mind your own business"..."Get your own game":...then I realized, he works here and I'm being horribly anti-social(residual subway forcefield)..."this will save us time if he just tells us how this game works".  Fun game, no complicated rules.

I think the guy that sat us at our table told us there was table service, but no one came by our table to see if we wanted anything.   Not a big deal.  We walked up to the counter to place our order and they brought it to our table.  I had a sandwich, nothing too exciting, but was ok.  Almond latte was excellent.

We left around 4:00pm.  Started to get busier with all the uni kids coming in.  We had to wait a bit to settle up as the girl at the cash was explaining the reservation poicy to seomeone over the phone.  She apologized for making us wait.

Would definitely go back again.笑
Okay, okay.  My initial review of Snakes and Lattes was a bit of a rant on one aspect of the business.  I've been back and have a fresh perspective.

First of all, at his invitation I dropped by and chatted with the owner, Ben, and was pleased to find out that they have a couple of solutions in the works to ease the issue of overcrowding.  I also found out that they had considered going with the per-hour model I'd advocated in my previous review however they went with the $5/head because they didn't want people looking at their watch and having to finish their game - they want people to enjoy the experience... Seems reasonable.

I came back on a Monday night with myself and a friend around 7:30pm.  We were seated promptly - the cafe was about 80% full.  Ben recommended a game for us that was quite good as a quick, starter game and one that I never would have picked myself... and he was able to explain the rules in about 4 sentences so we were able to get on with the game quickly.  We also played another couple of games in our two or so hours there.

The wall of games is very impressive.  You kind of have to see it to believe it.  It runs ceiling to floor, from about halfway into the cafe all the way to the back.

All the staff are personable and seem happy to be working there.  Can't comment on the food but I had a bottled beer and they have a good selection of imports.  Another time, I dropped by during the day and had an Americano which was well prepared.

All in all, I had a very nice experience and plan to return soon.  At this point I'm at about 3.75 stars... I'll round up to four stars in anticipation of some changes that will deal with the capacity issue.笑
I love this place! They expanded this location and the wait times have decreased. I ordered the waffle club. Not my favourite but it was not bad. We always get the veggie chips which is so good! Ask for the chipotle dip. Candy bowl is usually gummy bears and worms. Their lattes are not bad. I always get tea when we play board games. It can get pretty loud but it's supposed to be like that. It's also clean and the lighting is nice. Not too dim or too bright. You can easily spend hours there if you like playing games. It's 5$ a play per person. They recently started serving wine and beer!!! Love this place. I wish they would replenish their games with new sets because some had missing cards/pieces. Overall the staff are very helpful. I would rate this place a 4.5.笑
This place came up when looking for things to do in Toronto. The concept is awesome, but you definitely need to take advantage of the 'game guru' especially as a first-timer. There are a lot of games and unless you know what you're about, you may not have the best experience. Best part is that he's an awesome dude, so no worries there. As far as food/coffee, our service was...meh. We were seated, we sat for about 10 minutes until I decided to get up and grab a waiter to take our order. Not the best first impression. But the coffee was really good, and the snacks were okay as well. I'd go again, but it wasn't my favorite place to be.笑
Snakes & Lattes is a favorite PA Day or vacation day haunt for my kids and I.  They have a fantastic selection of family and kids games to please my 6 year old, but still keep my 11 and 12 year old's happy.  Sometimes the family games have had missing parts, but we've noticed on our return visits that the games are either replaced or there's another game of similar nature available instead.  The variety of games is really great.

The staff are always friendly, helpful and not at all intrusive.

We go right when they open and haven't had trouble getting a table yet.  The beverage and food selection works for even my picky little eaters.