It was a long wait but worth it in the end.  With no reservation on a Saturday night we waited 1 hour for a table (Baldwin's Barmacie was a great solution with a full menu of cocktails that helped us pass the hour!)  When we did get a seat it took a long time to get our food.  I have to say it was worth the wait but as fans of the Gordon Ramsey shows we all laughed over the treatment he would have given the staff for the service glitch.  Enough said on time issues though.  The restaruant is cozy, nicely decorated, and the food was delicious.  If you are a traveller and not familiar with this form of barbecue it is a must try.  This is NOTHING like the traditional barbecue we have in the states!笑
There were only two places I wanted to eat at when I knew I was going to be in Montreal for a day: Garde-Manager and Laurier Gordon Ramsay and the winner was Laurier for two reasons.1. lunch was most convenient and the other place isn't open for lunch. 2. price is a little less.
 reason
I've certainly watched a number of Gordon's shows and knew his reputation well so I had high expectations of the quality we would receive. To start with it is a nice place, simple, bright but not too bright, clean, all the good things you'd expect from a place you are about to eat. The hostess was nice enough, our server was friendly - she gave me a hard time about my french in good fun.

I really like the menu - one page and plenty of choices. I was leaning towards roasted chicken of some sort given that it is what it specializes in and was choosing between double leg offering or Roasted Chicken sandwich; however, I like to get opinions and while our server was only on day 2 or 3 of working there she quickly suggested the ribs. I'm a rib guy - heck anything I can use my hands to eat and not get strange looks makes me happy - so Smokey Ribs it was.

My server did not let me down. The ribs were excellent.Meat easily falling off the bone on touch, sauce with an excellent tang, home cut potato chips with a touch of seasoning - awesome! I also got a side of fries, which were also home cut and very good. My brother-in-law opted for the Chicken Pot Pie and was very pleased with his choice. It looked very good.

The only reason I didn't go 5 star on this is that our server disappeared for about 10 minutes immediately after we got our bills (would she really take a break after just dropping off a bill?). I will definitely look to go back there next time I'm in Montreal!笑
We went to Laurier in late September:
- Arriving at 6:00, the wait was an hour and 45 minutes as they don't take reservations for parties under 6 (only 2 of us). The waiting area was cold and not terribly comfortable but I still maintain that it was well worth it. 

- The seating was comfortable and despite the restaurant being packed, we had no noise problems whatsoever and were able to have a relaxing dinner.

- We ordered Poutine and sliders for appetizers, both of which were great. I highly recommend the sliders!! 

- The wine list was extensive which was nice to see although not all wines were available by the glass (understandable), so we'll have to go back there with a larger group and reason to order a bottle!

- Our mains were very slow to arrive and, as such, the manager gave us dessert and wine on the house. When they did finally show up though the food was great. The ribs clearly had a home made sauce on them (I hate going to restaurants only to find they've dressed the meat with something I could have purchased myself at a local store). The wilted spinach side dish and the salad were both fantastic.

Despite the long wait time, I would still highly recommend this restaurant. The staff and manager were all pleasant and helpful, making up for any minor slip ups (mostly just having to wait).笑
A couple of friends and I just headed over to Laurier GR for supper last night, a crisp Wednesday evening, for a late-ish (8:30PM) bite.  Must say that the atmosphere was inviting - a sort of a hip, family, energetic vibe.  The menu and food presentation was spirited and fun which is why it pushed my review rating to a 3 which would have been a 1 or 2 if based on food and value alone.  

This menu has tough competition from other Montreal staples like Romados and Chalet BarBQ.  It was expensive for what it was and really only so-so in taste.  We had a good time, but paid too much for what we could have gotten for half the price elsewhere.笑
Restauration honnête, mais qui malheureusement perd son originalité. Les côtes levées sont redevenues standards, servies avec des frites ou de la salade; elles étaient exceptionnelles, paires de côtes bien charnues, avec des chips maison. La tarte à la crème de coco a laissé la place aux desserts au chocolat. 
Au total, les plats sont bons et les prix justes, mais on perd l'expérience unique. Si la carte devait être restaurée, faites le savoir ! La salle se remplira à nouveau.

A noter, une équipe encore très attentionnée et professionnelle en salle, c'est apprécié : un atout pour le restaurant.笑
Well first off, let me say I was disappointed to not see Gordon Ramsay in the kitchen yelling at the staff to "SHUT IT DOWN"...I kid.

This was my first visit to Laurier Chicken. We had reserved that same week and were able to find a table - considering it was the week before Christmas we were very surprised.

Having reserved for a party of 6 - we were put in a booth. Not the most comfortable of places to be in. I'm a chubby guy, and my wife and a friend of ours are both pregnant, so a word to the wise - ask to see if they can seat you at a table (rating is not based on this as we should have asked for a table - but didn't think of it...)

Four of us had ordered the chicken. It was good - not something spectacular in comparison to other places, but they were on the money with the chicken. One other person ordered a hot chicken sandwich. It came covered with peas, and almost floating in a pool of gravy. We all found it to be too much for the plate. 

Our last friend ordered the tortiere. This seemed to be a Ramsay inspired dish. Served on a wooden cutting board with a 5" sized tortiere, salad and a drizzle of a homemade ketchup. It seemed to be good and very flavourful.

If you order chicken and upgrade your fries to a poutine - there is a 4.95 surchage and you seem to end up with less fries. Save the surchage and stick to the fries. They are good and nicely cooked. 

For dessert, we tried the sugar pie and  carrot cake. Hands down the carrot cake was the best. Served with a side tin of icing for dipping (I could have had just that) it was moist and full of texture.


Would I recommend this to a visitor? If you are a foodie, or fan of Ramsay - sure, try it out for the enjoyment of food and saying you ate in a GR restaurant where the bill won't come out to over 300$ for two.

But if you want rotisserie chicken - head over to Cote Ste-Luc Chicken.笑
I was very impressed with this restaurant. 

I had never been to the original institution that was Laurier BBQ , and I know that there are some people who lament its demise. I had no such bias going into this dinner.

I ate so much, you could have rolled me out of there!

For starters my boyfriend and I ordered the chicken wings. Hands down the BEST chicken wings I have EVER eaten. I still think about them and it's been two weeks since our visit there!

I had the chicken poutine which was great! There was SO MUCH CHICKEN in it! It was delicious!

My boyfriend, oddly enough, ordered the fish and chips (odd because its a chicken place), and he found it excellent as well.

Great service and wonderful ambiance!

Can't wait to go again!笑
As a family from Vancouver BC vacationing in Montreal, we were excited to make the trek from our hotel in Old Montreal to Gordon Ramsays restaurant.  This was a much anticipated dining experience as we have watched many episodes of Gordon Ramsays Kitchen Nightmare and wanted to see what he's done to an already established BBQ chicken restaurant.

The building looks beautiful, very upscale from the outside.  The interior is sophisticated but not stuffy.  It's not white linen tablecloth with most of the diners seated in booths.  

The chicken was nicely prepared to a juicy, savoury, golden brown.  The dinners were accompanied by great sides and choice of sauces. Don't forget to enjoy a pickle while you wait for your food. 

The service is a little to be desired.  Not very attentative.  The waiter was just an order taker who showed no compassion for the food or the restaurant. The food came slow and there was little follow up to service our needs for more drinks or desserts.  As a clean living West coaster we also found it a little odd that our kids were offered Popeye candy cigarettes as treats.

Overall, the food was good but Gordon has to go in and straighten out the management and staff.笑
I've eatern in Gordon Ramsay's The Maze (NYC), Gordon Ramsay's at the London (LA), and Petrus (London). When I got a reservation at Laurier (surprisingly it is not even listed on GordonRamsay.com), I was expecting something better. 

First impression: entrance. I do not want to sound superficial, but all of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants I've been to had a strict, unspoken dress code. You would never see people dressed badly. Keeping that in mind, I had a nice white shirt, and a nice blazer on. My date had an evening dress on too. Everything like it should be for a nice dinner in a good Montreal restaurant, owned by a world-renowned chef. Guess what, not only entrance was crowded, there was an uncontrolled line-up, nobody would let you through without elbow fighting, but also the whole crowd seemed to be low class, low level, etc. - something you would expect at Schwartz (local super dirty smoked meat place), but not Gordon Ramsay's top notch new place. 

 I get in through the crowd. Given that my reservation was arranged same day by Conde Nast peeps, we got seated pretty quickly. Staff was super friendly, even though, as I later found out, all of the tips are split across all of the staff. 

Prices: $15-20 per dish seems pretty cheap for a michelin-star-bearing chef place. 

We asked our waitress what we should order and she suggested their chicken (obviously), sliders, chicken salad, and fish'n'chips. We ordered all of that. Wine selection was pretty interesting, and I found one of my favorite whites. 

Food service was fast, our waitress was up to speed with us. 

Food: To be honest I expected much more from Gordon Ramsay. It was regular chicken, the type you would get at the local St. Hubert chain in Montreal. Nothing fancy. I'd pick Les Enfants Terribles fish'n'chips over Gordon Ramsay's any time. Sliders were nothing special too. Bond Lounge and Grill has better ones, and those are not the best in Montreal. Le Hachoir beats GR Laurier sliders by far. 

All in all, good try, however, I'm not coming back. And not recommending it to my friends.笑
Disappointed. I have been looking forward to having s meal at Ramsey's but it did not work out very well. 

My husband had the French onion soup which was $8 not the best we ever had. I had the fish and chips figured it should be amazing but it wasn't. It was dripping in oil. The batter fell off the fish when I cut into it and it had no flavor $17. The French fries were not fully cooked.

I am hoping that there head chef was on holiday and this was someone picking up the slack but I was not impressed and would not go back.笑
Let me just start by saying that the first time we ate here, we went back for more the next night..BUT that didn't last....
It's really a shame Gordon Ramsey pulled out. When we first started going, it was one of the busiest places in Montreal. There was a salad on the menu that I kept going back for. I don't eat salad at restaurants and I'm even less likely to go back and take the same salad. But it was the kind of meal I craved..it was Ramsey's recipe and they no longer have it.

NOW...It's very fresh and moderately priced but it's nothing to write home about. The menu is tiny since Gordon Ramsey is no longer part of the business - they had to cut out every recipe he gave them which to me, was the best part of the restaurant. It's now just your average rotisserie with better quality ingredients. We go whenever we want to eat out but don't want to have anything that tastes too processed. Their prized plates are definitely the fish n' chips and sliders. Their mocha cake is an absolute insult and the portions are not generous.

Overall, a place you go to when you want to feel like you've gone back to your mom's house for an underflavoured and unimpressive but oh so familiar meal. Unfortunately, mom doesn't pick up the check at the end this time.笑
Hmm. You'd expect more out of a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. This place was originally a Laurier 'historic' restaurant that was in need of some revamping. It's great for its rotisserie chicken and the ribs.笑
This review is irrelevant now, since Gordon Ramsay will likely distance himself from the restaurant after the comments made by the owner. Check the latest news about this resto in the TALK section.笑
I went when it had just re-opened with Gordon Ramsay's name, I can't remember when was the last time I waited in line for rotisserie chicken.

The decor is nice, the staff is very trendy, the food is good, not great. 
But it can get very expensive.

We had the sliders to start off, followed by fish and chips and a half chicken.
with 2 soft drinks, the total came to $75 with tax and tip.

A bit too much money for this sort of food.

If your favorite chicken place is a 10 and St-Hubert Pink Chicken is a 4, then this would rate a solid 7. 
All the ingredients that compose the dish, the bread, sauce, slaw, fries and chicken is above average, but is it really worth paying double?

Not for me, this was just an opportunity to say I ate at a place associated with Mr. Ramsay.笑
I enjoyed my visit to Laurier Gordon Ramsay. I find that there has been a lot of harsh criticism about this place. Probably due to the name on the sign. This is a chicken shack, not a Michelin star restaurant!

This place was a total dump before the changes were made. Everything on the menu was vile, and you felt like you were sitting in a dirty version of the Bar B Barn. 

I really love the facelift that they gave to  this old restaurant. Keeping the old charm, but bringing it into this era. I sat in the bar section which I really enjoyed.

The salmon tartare entrée was very good. I ordered the quarter chicken breast. It was great! I don't see how you could do much better with a chicken.

I found the service to be quick and attentive. The vibe in the room was very cool. I will go back. 

I believe they successfully achieve what they set out to accomplish.笑
NEVER EVER GOING BACK TO LAURIER BBQ.  

Daniel Lavy and Gordon Ramsay have ruined the restaurant.   Lavy can say whatever he wants that Ramsay didn't have an influence.. I blame both of them.

This establishment was alot better.  Had much better Chicken and French Onion Soup.  It just tastes different and not as good as it was.  I like the improvement on the French Fries, but that is it.    Change it back to what it was or I'm not coming back.   And a lof of people in the Montreal area, who have gone to Laurier BBQ in the past most likely understand where I'm coming from.    

If you want good quality BBQ,  go to Cote St. Luc BBQ!笑
The devil is in the details and Laurier Gordon Ramsay need to pay attention to a few of them. Maybe the fact that he has a show on TV where he runs around telling restaurant owners that the details are the thing people remember, made me more sensitive to the lack of attention in a restaurant with his name on it.

The three of us walked in without a reservation but we figured at 8:00 pm on a Wednesday it would be safe to assume we wouldn't have any problems finding a table. Our assumption was correct we walked in to find that half the place was finishing their meals and settling the bill. We were seated in a nice corner booth at the back of the restaurant, where almost every one had finished their meals. As we were waiting for our waiter to come take our order we had time to notice all the interesting little things from the old Laurier BBQ  that were still around. Things that definitely helped give Laurier Gordon Ramsey a nice look, the old tile floor from the 70's and the wood tables with cigarette burns are a nice touch and give the place a nice rustic feel. But as my friends and I were talking and laughing I started to notice the devil poking up from the details, all the trim pieces around the back of the long booth seat running along the wall looked like they were just throw in,  there were big holes between the boards making things look thrown together. I know I'm nitpicking but if your going to have a show where you nitpick about restaurant decor, yours needs to be above reproach and this is just one example among many little things.

Our waiter came to take our order and was very nice as well as helpful, the menu had a nice array of dishes to chose from, everything from typical rotisserie chicken to the crab and shrimp gidille, it was nice mix and there was something for everyone.  We ordered the half-chicken plate with mashed sweet potatoes, the grilled cheese with fries and the crab and shrimp sandwich also with fries. As we were waiting for our food to be brought out, we helped ourselves to some pickles from the jar on the table, hummm pickles. Our food arrived shortly after my last bite of pickle, I had ordered the shrimp and crab sandwich and have to say it was very good, the fries were OK but fries are a subjective thing I prefer the old style greasy fries these were a little too polished for my liking but good none the less. I tried a piece of the grill cheese and found it to be pretty good but nothing spacial I could have made the seam thing at home. I don't know about you but when I go out for dinner I want things to be better then I can make at home. The chicken looked and tasted like chicken you would get from St-Hubert BBQ , there are those details again. When I pay a premium for food I can get elsewhere for a better price I wanted it to be for more then just the name on the sign.

The service started off great but once our waiter had taken our order we never saw him again. The busboy brought us our food which is fine but he never came back to see if we wanted anything else. When it was time for desert we had to get a busboy to find our waiter and send him over, the restaurant at this point was almost completely empty and it wasn't that late, there's the devil again. The overall experience was good the food was good and the service wasn't great and the attention to detail was lacking and if your going to charge premium prices make sure it's for more then just the name on the sign. that's my two cents.笑
Nope not as it used to be. Last time was gross not going there again ! 
Gone downhill.笑
You can really taste the 'giving a crap' from this restaurant.

You can taste it, but won't feel it with how inattentive some of the service is sometimes. That aside, I had a very enjoyable meal with 4 of my friends. We got to try pretty much everything on the menu and were impressed by most of it. Where the 'giving a crap' really shines through is the fact that you can taste the difference in each of the gravies, the chicken gravy, the hot chicken sandwich, the chicken pot pie, each made for that dish. It's easy to see it's considered more than just brown lubricant and comparing it to St-Hubert seems wilfully ignorant.

As a main course I had the chicken pot pie, the crust was perfect (wished there was a lot more), and the filling beneath was great. My girlfriend had a hot chicken sandwich, simple, thick breaded tastiness. I was a little disappointed with the crab roll, very light and tasty but for a main, it's little more of a crap salad in a bun. I had a coaster with me, she looked robbed, which I found funny, but still a shortfall.

The sides were great, well done mac n' cheese, creamy spinach, even had the marshmallow sweet potato side (interesting....). Desserts were great  but beware of extremely sharp fried banana in the split. 

All-in all nice experience, though it dawns Gordon Ramsay's name, it is a barbecue chicken restaurant, a very good one at that.笑
I just had to go Ramsay's new place here in Montreal. I just HAD to. And I can tell you most of the reviews are spot-on: this place is just average. I really really really wanted to like this place, I really did. But truthfully--and I never lie--St. Hubert's rotisserie chicken is better. NO JOKE. Like the taste just wasn't there! I mean the decor is really awesome and the whole atmosphere is really quite alluring and very Montreal but the food was thoroughly average. 

My parents and I all ordered the quarter chicken dinners (dark meat) with the fries and homemade coleslaw. The fries were just plain bad. They were so over-seasoned. I like to think of myself as something of a 'fries expert' as I've had amazing French fries all over the damn place and these were just not up to par! They were bad. Like over fried and just really inedible. Maybe we just got the dregs from the bottom of the frier and we had a bad batch but they were seriously NOT GOOD. The coleslaw was super dry--I much prefer a more 'saucy' coleslaw with my chicken dinners. The gravy was good however, I really did enjoy it. But honestly people you can go down the street to the St-Hubert Express on Parc (south of Prince-Arthur) and enjoy a better chicken dinner for about 1/16 the price. While I salute Gordon for keeping the price points fairly low-ish (like it was $15 for chicken, fries, coleslaw) I still think they're charging too much for what is basically standard fare in any diner here in la belle province. 

The poor waitress was like the only gal working the room too. She was so frantic, running back and forth that she forgot to submit our drink orders and waited soooooo long to clear our plates after we were clearly done. My parents are Anglophones and don't speak French and she made such a fuss out of switching from French to English. I know I know: hot topic, shouldn't mention it but she was noticeably irritated when my parents could not understand her French. ALSO the table was super wobbly and she just laughed about it. Like didn't make an effort to fix it, so we didn't bother to press the issue. ALSO the stools we sat at (near the bar area) were like tiny! Now I am not a big boy by any means but my little ass was squished on that chair and it was highly uncomfortable. Definitely a design over function decision there.

So if you're a local: go for it, try it out, I've heard the chicken wings and sliders are good (we didn't order them) but if you're looking for grade-A rotisserie chicken check out your local St-Hubert or if you're from Ontario just grab some Swiss Chalet once you're over the border. Nothing exciting here. Now if you're a Gordon Ramsay fan (which I am) it might be worth the trip up to Laurier to enjoy a nice night at a beautifully designed restaurant with adequate food.笑
Ok here goes,

Apparently this is Gordon Ramsay's first restaurant in Canada!!! 

Of course there was nothing wrong with the old Laurier BBQ, except it reeked of cafeteria decor... But it was damn good roasted chicken and cheap too.

So in comes Ramsay, the restaurant closes for a few months for renovations and the new Ramsay Laurier opens in it's place!

Good news, the chicken is still just as good!!! Bad news everything is about 5-8$ more expensive. Thankfully most main dishes are still affordable about 13-18$.

The poutine is quite good, very interesting flavor they put the chicken gravy in it, I like it  and I usually hate poutine... The ribs are good, fancy plating, but really... 4-5 stacked pieces for 16$. I can get more at baton rouge or bofinger for similar price and quality/taste... Fish and chips comes in a funnel you have to pour it out to eat it, fancy plating, but it was sad fish it basically told me don't eat the rest of me... I expect better from this place considering the pedigree...

Ok bofinger and baton rouge don't have Ramsay's name on it, however Laurier Ramsay is not a high end eat it's more casual so don't argue my comparison... I agree with charging more where quality and taste justifies it, not simply because there's a brand name on the door...

All in all, the place is much prettier, fancier, the crowd is fancier and hipper. And the price is still affordable. I like the free chips and pickle jars, even ate a whole jar almost by myself hehehe yes me naughty.

The cutlery is nicer, so are the glasses and the water jars have the Ramsay logo on it which is a nice touch...But seriously cucumber water? Wtf chi chi Fu Fu for what?

There's always a lineup when I'm in the neighborhood... I wonder why, although I enjoyed going there it's not stand out nor would I wait 2 hours to get a table, but it's nice to try it out to say you did it... I would go back when the crowd thins out a bit, what can I say I love freebie chips and pickles ;)

I don't really miss the old place, except we have one less place to go to for cheap food :(

I believe they don't take RSVP unless you're more than 6, I crashed my friend's RSVP as a plus one hihi. But even with RSVP we had to wait almost 30 min to get our table, but we were comped a cocktail which was nice on their part.笑
The grub experience was better before the takeover/makeover...but it is a very nice place to snag a drink at the little bar.  I'd go back for a bar lunch by myself.笑
I was anticipating to try this place for a long time after I heard about it.
Wanted to compare it with the old Laurier BBQ. 
the place looks very good, modern but still kept the old style.
The rotisserie chicken was very tasty.
the sauce was okay, good but we are often looking back for the old taste.
The fries were tasty and the pickles in the jar were incredibly crunchy and tasty.
Will go back for sure. The bar was very comfy and the service was prefect!笑
Montrealers like their chicken- a la St Hubert, Au Coq and so many others. 
Therefore, Gordon Ramsey's selection for Montreal to revamp a classic was perfect.  And now, Gordon Ramsey has poutine in his repertoire! 
Who knew this old BBQ Joint had turned all fancy? I decided to stop in for a weekday lunch on the request of a true Montrealite.  There was a quick 20 minute wait to be seated in a booth. 
The space is gorgeous. The look is Old, French, Country.  Everything fits in with the look. 
The staff were quick and old-fashioned as well. But they failed to talk up the best menu items, (making a point to tell me the crab in the crab and shrimp role is canned) and didn't adequately explain the fry options. 
I ordered the shrimp and crab roll, despite the sub-par recommendation, served with house-made spicy chips.  
The other folks at my table ordered the quarter chicken meal, served with fries.  The confusion came from the fact that "Regular Fries = Spicy salted fries" and "Special fries = fries with regular salt".  Make sense to you? Maybe if you've been going to Laurier BBQ for years you know that the regular fries are spicy??? 
Desserts were displayed in these gorgeous cases. But, I just didn't have room for it. Will definitely be back for a light dinner and dessert. 
Highly recommended for anyone- to impress clients, with your baby/children, with your fellow ladies-who-lunch.笑
Save yourself time and money: go for a St Hubert. Food's better and less expensive.笑
What does a chef, such as Gordon Ramsay, recipient of 14 Michelin stars, three for his flagship London restaurant alone, serves at his new venture in Montreal, a city renowned for its famous chefs and restaurants?

Chicken!  BBQ chicken, to be precise!

Turns out chef Ramsay took over a space formerly occupied by a decades-old BBQ joint, the Laurier BBQ, and revamped the old building, giving it new life with a makeover complete with some very young, attentive, and attractive staff, as well as, modern fixtures and equipment.

Yet, he kept the old menu with rotisserie chicken as the primary focus.  You can also order other comfort-food items such as burgers, grill-cheese sandwich, etc.,with the most expensive items being a whole chicken for $32 and a 16-oz ribeye for $28.  Thats a steal, in my mind.

I managed to make a reservation a couple of weeks ago from Calgary.  They'll only take reservations for groups of six or more.  Everyone else will just have to wait.

When we arrived this evening, there were already a dozen or more people waiting for tables.  We were sat right away with water offered from milk bottles that had cucumber slices in them. I couldn't taste the cucumber but it was a nice touch anyways.  Also at each table was a jar of dill pickles which  you help yourself to while you wait for your food.  Some complimentry home-made potato chips also arrived in a wax-paper cone.  They were all good.

We had half chicken (double legs), BBQ back ribs, and fish and chips. The chicken was incredibly tender and moist without being greasy at all.  That's a very tough thing to do.  It also came with the best fries that I've had yet on this trip.  The coleslaw was pleasant.  It was fresh and crunchy and not tart or sour at all.  At first glance, the greyish gravy looked thin and tasteless but it turned out to be packed with flavour.  It was more a jus than the spicy thick gravy you'd usually find at other BBQ joints.  The ribs were succulent but it only came with the home-made chips.  We ordered a side of mac and cheese but it was only ok.  The fish was nicely battered and came with those great fries.

For dessert, we had a tart tatin, grilled pineapple rings with ice-cream, and maple creme brulee.  The desserts were all good with the brulee being the favorite among the table.

Five mains, one side, three desserts, three beers, one pop, three coffees all for $155.00 before tip!  That's for a Gordon Ramsay restaurant!

Gordon Ramsay is one smart cookie.  He has enough cache and street cred to do anything he wants.  He's talented enough to be able to serve anything he wants.  Yet he's shrewed enough to know that what people really want from the Laurier is BBQ chicken, as they have for decades.  

So rather than re-invent the wheel, he instead improves it by taking a dated business thats probably seen better days and turning it into a redux version thats modern and approachable at the same time.  I mean they have a kids menu, offer take-out, and they even deliver.  

Now if I can just figure out how to get them to deliver to Calgary........笑
Gordon Ramsey's new restaurant in Montreal. I got food poisoning. I ordered the BBQ ribs and din't even finish them. They were served tepid, and had a dreadful texture, so (fortunately as it turned out) I didn't eat most of my serving. by 3 in the morning I was awake and feeling decidedly nauseous. By 9 a.m. I was in the full throes of serious food poisoning. When I called the restaurant they asked for my name and said they would get back to me. Never heard from them again. The next time I see Chef Ramsay on TV screaming about the state of their kitchen, i'll wonder why he hasn't looked at his own kitchen. Very disappointing!笑
I hadn't gone to the original Rotisserie, but I wanted to see what the hype surrounding the new Gordon Ramsay -helmed restaurant was all about. 
Can I just say: glorified Swiss Chalet. 

Maybe I had elevated expectations, but LGR definitely did not meet them. I ordered the hot chicken sandwich. It was literally a chicken sandwich drowning in a plate of gravy and peas. Now, this may float some people's boats, but the gravy was way too overpowering. Others in my party ordered the chicken pot pie (small, pretty empty inside), the lunch special (for ~$20, you get a quarter chicken, soup/salad, dessert, and what else- GRAVY). We also ordered some smoked meat mac n cheese since we'd heard so much about it (small, very rich, sharp cheese).

I like the layout of the restaurant, the atmosphere is really cozy. But, thats about it. Mediocre food = not again anytime soon笑
Food was average, the wine list was mediocre, and the service was really bad. 
for 60$ there are much better choices in Montreal!
Mr. Ramsay your restaurant quality is well bellow average Montreal restaurants!笑
Laurier bbq has changed for the worse. Ordered a salmon tartare and no taste. The bun that came with the chicken was hard! The fries were cold.... Sigh...they will close very soon...really sure about that笑
Decided to go to Laurier Gordon Ramsey for lunch today. I was interested to find out how he had changed it from the original Laurier BBQ. 
Not that impressed!

Walking in, the restaurant looked great, very clean and modern but with traditional wooden touches. Me and my mom were seated in the bar area on high stools. 

There was a pot of pickles to munch on while browsing the menu and waiting for the food. Good pickles but Moishes is better. 

I decided to go with the lunch special; a soup, chicken leg, and dessert. My mom just had the chicken leg and we split a side order of the smoke meat mac n; cheese.

The soup was really good. you could taste that they make their own broth and it had barley.... always a plus for me. 

Next, the main dish came.... what we had waited to taste...... looked amazing but the taste.......... ummmm not so much. 
The fries were mixed with a salt concoction and tasted like you took a glass of sea water. 
To offset the salted fries, i dipped them in the sauce..... big mistake..... insanely salty!
The chicken was average and i've definitely had better. 

Smoke meat mac n' cheese was actually quite good.... although its not traditional smoked meat but rather ham. 
didn't know the two were the same!?!

Finally dessert tasted like Laurier BBQ. A traditional chocolate cream pie from the original restaurant.

Overall, with coffees, water, and one glass of wine, our total ended up being close to $85 for lunch!!!!!!

If you want good chicken go to CSL BBQ..... or at the very least St-Hubert. you'll get way more for your money and won't have to chug a bottle of water after.笑
Really,not much to say about this place. It was a big disappointment.
I had chicken and upgraded my fries to poutine. Chicken was nothing special, a bit dry to my liking. Poutine was soggy, the gravy had no distinct flavor to it.笑
Nourriture excellente. Service très lent. Patron imbu de lui-même et désagréable.
Sylvie et André
Montréal笑
Whilst wandering around the area, we were drawn to the oversized rooster weathervane on the roof of this place, so we decided to check out the menu. The brunch menu offerings seemed appealing, the place looked nice, and the homeless guy begging outside recommended it(!), so we decided to go in.

Place has a good vibe and the waitstaff was pleasant and attentive. We tried 2 soups - French onion and chicken noodle. Both were tasty and hit the spot on a cool day. The chicken soup had an unbelievable amount of chicken in it making it especially good.

The food we saw delivered to the tables around us looked delicious, though sadly we didn't have enough room to try anything else on the menu.  The chicken, in particular, looked fantastic, and the club sandwich also looked great. All the customers around us seemed as happy as we were with their choices.

Would definitely like to go back and try more of their offerings.笑
I have to agree with a lot of the people who have posted. A bit too pricey for less than mediocre fare. The cucumber water was a nice touch,but that did not do it. Had the sliders, they were good, but I as hungry. The fish and chips... now these were not English fish and chips............come on.... I had better fish and chips at Joeys in Cornwall. My friend ordered a burger and they manged to screw it up. The burger was served on a bun without ANY tomato, lettuce, mayo, ketchup or fries - ZILCH, NADA but bun and burger on the plate. I asked the waitress for some ketchup and maybe some fries as this did not look like a hamburger plate. Five minutes later a busboy arrived with a proper burger plate mumbled an apology.  Gordon where is the quality control you scream about on your shows. Who is watching the shop? We tried the bbq chicken... meh!!!  You can find better chicken at Adonis I will not be going back to this jumped up bbq joint. .笑
This place was good, I had never been to Laurier BBQ before Gordon became a partner, but from what I hear it was very good, but the customer base was just drying up.  I went 2-3 days before the official opening, there were no lines, but they were still serving the new menu.  I had the classic chicken which was good.. not the best I ever had but UP THERE!!  The cole slaw was home made along with many of the other items on the menu.  Chicken was Quebec chicken, at least that what we we were told.  My wife had a short rib sandwich which was very tasty.  The prices were very reasonable and as long as there isn't a wait out the door a place i'd definitely go back to.

Also the decor was completely redone, white walls and furniture, very Gordon Ramsay.笑
Je dois avouer que j'ai essayé le Laurier Gordon Ramsay, qui n'est plus et qui est redevenu le Laurier BBQ, parce que Gordon Ramsay était impliqué. Le restaurant est tout de même grand et nous avons eu un très bon service. J'y ai été pour le classique quart de poulet, frite et salade de chou. Et bien, pas impréssionée du tout. C'était bien, sans plus. Les crabe-cakes étaient corrects. Le poulet était presqu'au même niveau qu'Au coq. Bon, on le sait bien, du poulet BBQ en broche, c'est du poulet BBQ en broche, mais tout de même.... Je m'attendais à une petite touche spéciale. Je suis du type sauce et celle-ci était très ordinaire. C'est rare car je ne me considère pas comme une foodie difficile, mais je suis partie déçue.