Burgers are really greasy and way way overpriced.   In and out burger is half the price and a much better burger.  So save your money and goto in and out笑
5 stars for burgers 2 for service. Ate at 5 Guys in Orlando after hearing about it from all people, President Obama. I love me a good burger. They are delish here! They just opened in the Phx area. I love their food but the wait was horrid. Extra horrid! They also have no seating. You have to go out in the mall, which was packed.  The service wasn't that great but I do love their hamurgers! YUMMY! They do have a few other locations opening up in Downtown and North Phoenix so I will try them out. They might be less crowded.笑
The first time I ever had Five Guys was at the Reagan Airport.  I didn't get to it until an hour later and it was still delicious.  Been to this location twice and every time going there hits the spot.  Sharing a medium order of fries with a friend is PLENTY and their mini-sized burgers are just right.  Guys will probably like the "regular" ones since they come with two patties.  My husband was skeptical when I took him to this place but now he requests it ... and we have to drive to Scottsdale all the way from Buckeye!笑
Every burgher I have had, has been great! The Cajun fry's are my favorite, but the portion is huge.笑
Hype, hype, hype ... $16.50 for two burgers and two waters.  You have to be kidding me.  They press the juice right out of the burgers as they make them on the grill (to make them cook quicker-but kills the flavor).  Burger King has a better product for 1/5 the price.  Very bad, unless you like getting little value for your hard earned money.  Some people in Scottsdale don't mind paying top dollar for Burger King quality food.  One star is GENEROUS.笑
Wanted to see what all of the hype was about so I ordered online for pick up.  Arrived to an unorganized place with staff not very engaged in what they were doing after waiting for eye contact at the pickup counter, it was learned that my order was lost and so I got to wait 20 minutes for my order.  Staff unapologetic and really just slinging overpriced burgers. Got 3 burgers and 3 fries was about $35.  Burgers were okay not great kind of thin, in and Out and Carls Jr better for sure.  I will not be back.笑
Ok.....Here it is from the girl who is VERY picky and can usually find problems with quality or price of food....

Went to Five Guys for the first time....

I am proud to say I could not find ANYTHING that could have been improved on!

I got what they call a small cheeseburger....it was 1/4 pd juicy and yummy tasting burger and quite ample!

You get to pick any of the toppings you want....impressive.....

They used the perfect amount of condiments giving the burger an evenly tasty bite every time.

The fries were awesome....we also tried cacun fries which added a nice bite.

I felt the price was reasonable and definately worth it!

For me to find this burger near perfect is rare....very rare.... I HIGHLY reccomend you check Five Guys out!笑
How enchanting.
A brown bag of french fries that before I can whisk them off to my table, has already saturated the bag with grease.
And a double cheeseburger that after only two bites has fallen apart.

I do like the soda dispenser, very unique, almost futuristic in a sense.

In the end, If I want to spend twenty five bucks for lunch for two of us, I'll go someplace where I'm not ingesting a half bucket of grease in the process. 

Note:  
Don't go here before going to the movies. Your  body's grease-o-meter will be hitting red line, making you think twice about that bag of buttered popcorn.

Or who knows, maybe you like grease.
Not me.笑
Tried the Bacon Double Cheese Burger topped with lettuce, tomato, pickles, grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, green peppers, and mustard. Also had the Regular Fries

The Good News:
The burgers had a nice charbroiled flavor and cooked well as advertised.
The cheese and the toppings were tasty and plentiful. I liked idea of crumbled bacon instead of strips.
I would agree with the published reviews that their fries are the best I've had at a fast food hamburger franchise. The serving size was also generous and a good deal and I liked eating my fries from the cup, which made it easier to add plenty of ketchup the way I like.
Enjoyed munching on the free peanuts while we waited for our order.
Service was quick and pleasant.
Their drink dispenser, what I have decided to call a "Coke Replicator", was cool.

The Rest of the Story:
The burgers were not juicy as advertised and, therefore, not as flavorful as some other fast food franchise hamburgers.
The bacon on my burger was overcooked and, therefore, did not add as much flavor to the sandwich as I would like.
The green peppers would have been better grilled like the other toppings.
The bun was rather limp and not what I would have expected from a place like this.

The Verdict:
The most important reason for going to burger joint is to enjoy a juicy, flavorful hamburger and that was not achieved. The fries compensated a lot, but not enough to make it a truly memorable experience. I do intend to try at least one more location.笑
I love Five Guys...I got a call from my friend on the east coast a couple of months ago...he couldn't stop bragging about this new Burger place called Five Guys which I never heard of...the next day I'm driving down Scottsdale road and I see the sign so I pulled in on two wheels...you walk in and there are bags of Idaho potatoes stacked on the floor...really cool...then you have peanuts while your waiting and through the shells on the floor...there are always adorable young girls at the counter to take your order...they have the patience of a saint with all of the questions they are asked and  have to answer...they all work their tales off with a smile on their face...the manager is so awesome...Arlin is sizzling if you know what I mean...I met Chris who is adorable and quite a gentleman who is also a manager...I feel comfortable enough to go in and hang by myself...I have tried almost everything on the menu which is a home run...the fresh hand cut french fries are to die for...I ask for mine a little well done and they come out to perfection...I doubt If "In and Out" will be able to hang in there...I could eat Five Guys every night but I'm afraid that I wouldn't be able to fit through the door...Hats off to all of you...keep up the great work etic...I am glad that I found you!笑
I am still spoiled by the Five Guys of the past, i.e the east coast VA version of yesterday year. Way back in the day, the burgers used to have more meat and now, unless you get a double, you will be asking "where's the beef?" The fries are still delicious as always and I love that you can still get as many toppings as you want on you burger, but alas, your patties are getting thinner and thinner. :(笑
Yum. Messy & delicious. Burgers are great, but the fries could use some work. They're always super greasy.笑
Went there yesterday to give Five Guys another chance and had a cheeseburger (one patty), fries and a soft drink for $9.42. I couldn't even taste the burger since the enourmous bun swallowed the burger. Obviously, this bun is meant for the double patty burgers. The regular fries are ok but the cajun fries are brutal because they are drenched with spices which renders the fries inedible. I can think of few burger joints off the top of my head that have a much lower price point and burgers that are much more tastier than Five Guys (Culver's, Lenny's & In-n-Out to name a few).笑
Definitely the best fast food burger out there right now. I've been hearing about Five Guys for well over a year but I didn't think I would like it when I heard the burgers are all cooked well done -- I usually eat mine medium rare otherwise they taste dried out to me.  But this was a huge, juicy burger patty - very tasty, and an awesome combo of topping choices. My new favorite take out burger spot - sorry In N Out!笑
First time going to a Five Guys was yesterday.  I'm a fan.  When you're craving good old fashioned greasy burger and want to break your diet...this is the place to go.  According to their nutritional information...a cheesburger will provide you with ~133% of your recommended daily intake of saturated fat.  Can anyone say.....YUM?!

It's definitely a fast-food type place...but its rather pricey for fast food.  A burger/fries/drink will be about ~$10.  It's worth it though.  I had the cheeseburger, which is a double patty, with everything on it except mushrooms and pickles.  While I'm a huge In-N-Out fan...these burgers are a level up from In-N-Out in my opinion.  Maybe cuz they are so unhealthy, it just adds to the deliciousness factor.  Probably from all the peanut oil they use to cook everything in.  The fries are pretty good too...really fresh.笑
I was driving up Scottsdale Rd. on the way to my one guilty pleasure that I have In-and-Out, to have my once a month double double.  I looked up and saw the 5 guys sign, made a quick turn, and decided to go there instead after hearing how great this place was from my East Coast friends. I Had the regular burger (two patty's) and my wife had the small burger (1 patty) we split a large order of Cajun fries (huge portion) and each had a soda.  Set us back about $20.  Loved the variety of toppings we could put our burgers, loved the free peanuts, loved the variety of diet drinks from the soda machine (ordering a diet drink at place like this is a little twisted when you think about it) although they had run out of a couple of the varieties.  Did not like or dislike the Cajun fries after a few I had had enough. Only thing I did not like is the price.  If I had gone to In-and-Out I would have had a meal I would have enjoyed just as much but would have ended up with about $8 more in my pocket which is why Five Guys will not replace In-Ad-Out as my once a month guilty pleasure.笑
Easily the best hamburgers in town. Great service, great options for hamburgers. Also grilled hot dogs are yummy. Be sure to support and try 5 Guys! My go to hamburger.笑
went 3 times in 3 days. always pretty fast. grilled cheese is great. no fuss but way better than fast food.笑
Five guys is another one of our favorite burger places. Hamburgers and delicious and never dry. They give you a ton of fries. I tried the Cajun fries and they were spicy and salty. I couldn't finish them. But the chocolate milkshake made up for them. YUM. Not diet friendly!笑
Came here the other day and I was eating my 5 guys burger and I had a feeling I was Samuel L Jackson in Pulp Fiction eating that big kahuna burger.  "very tasty"  I say to myself (because I am not really eating with anyone or pointing a gun ready to read scripture right before I blow someone's flipping brains out).  Anyway, this location is pretty nice and they are always clean and very uniform to the same look.  This one is larger than the location on Bell and 7st I have been to.  They cook the burger right when you get there and you can see them put the raw burger on the grill.  Something about these burgers just sing to me.  They have great fresh ingredients and the burger is just so very juicy.  What can I say, I am a fan.笑
The staff was very friendly but the burger had very little beef as in Wheres the beef?
The burger looked like a wendys single burger, I was hungry when I left

Prices were very high for the amount of food we got.

The fries that were supposed to be cajun had no cajun flavor.

I liked smashburger much much better and the prices were better笑
Let's start with the positive:
Cajun fries were pretty flavorful and fresh, neat red and white decor and I like the fact that true to the name "Five guys", there were exactly 5 guys cooking the burgers lol.

The choice of toppings were pretty good, much more than In & Out. You could choose grilled mushroom, grilled green pepper, onion, relish, A1 sauce, BBQ sauce, lettuce and other toppings you can think of.

The negative:

The patty did not melt in your mouth when i took a bite into it. The patty actually crumbled pretty fast, and was plain tasting. The bun was not that special either. For the relatively higher price for it's fast food burger, I was quite disappointed in it. I still think Shake Shack in New York and In & Out tastes alot better.笑
Five Guys versus In-N-Out Burger - the competition is on. 

Five Guys is a terrific burger and fries chain that started back east and has continued to branch out over the USA. It's only recently hit AZ. Word spread quickly and Five Guys has become a phenomenal success around here. If you want to spark a lively discussion, ask someone which they prefer: Five Guys or In-N-Out. It's an East Coast versus West Coast thing, yo. LOL 

Five Guys serves two sizes of burgers. The "little burger" is the size of a normal burger. Their "regular" burger is actually TWO patties. Not realizing this, on my first visit, I ordered the regular size. I couldn't finish it, so it must really be big. When you place your order, you tell them what you want on your burger. Of course they offer the usual cheese and condiments, but they offer other choices too. Almost anything you want: bacon, grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, jalapenos, BBQ sauce and more. 

Their fries are good too, thickly cut and well-seasoned. They serve them in a brown paper bag. I like to add a salt packet to the whole bag and shake it around before spreading the fries out on the table. I prefer my fries a bit overdone, so when ordering I ask for them to be prepared extra crispy. Really good. 

I'd be remiss if I didn't comment on their brand new soda dispensing machine. I've never seen anything like it. (see pic) It's only got one actual dispenser, but you press the computer screen to select your beverage choice. Then it offers you the choice of adding special flavoring like lemon, vanilla, power boost, etc. The employee guys in the back said it's an urban legend that if you punch in a secret code of ingredients, then alcohol is dispensed. Pretty funny.笑
Just an ok burger. I know I'm not the only one that thinks this place is WAY over priced. People must love to be parted with their money. A burger, small fries and soda with tax is over $11 friggin dollars here. I'd rather get 2 double doubles from In n Out for $7, and be WAY more satisfied. Five Guys burger is messy and falla sapart easy and the fries are not so great.

I'll be at In n Out any day over this place, save your money folks.笑
My parents told me about Five Guys back East a few years ago. So, when they came here to the Valley, well...  we had to try it. 

First off, the peanuts are a great idea. 

The staggered circular line is a great idea. It's these little things that you first notice as you come through the door. 

BTW, we also like the food!  

The idea of a Little Hamburger (one patty) and a large Hamburger (two patties) works very well.  What doesn't work as well is the pricing of the Pop and French Fries... 

I've read other reviews of different restaurants over the years and I have always felt the discussion of pricing to be a little..  well, petty.  

Okay, so now I've broken one of my rules, but... don't get me wrong, the fries are delicious , but $5.00? Come on.  I know in the restaurant industry they make their money,  their profit margins on the soda and side items they sell; but do you need to be so obvious about it?  

So in summary, I would say great food at a premium price which works most of the time.  Will we come back, yes.  Will we order fries, well sometimes.

Here is the real question...  
   are they better than In-N-Out?  

Umm, maybe.

Enjoy!笑
I like 5 Guys' burgers.  They make them to order.  The fries are a bit over rated.  They tend to get soggy if you don't eat them right away, like right when you get them and  before you eat your burger.  Mostly I think people rave about these fries because you get so many.  I'd recommend the burgers, but pass on the fries unless you're planning on sharing them and eating them fast.笑
Burgers - Free Toppings - and a Mountain of Fries  . .  OH MY!

I like burgers as well as the next guy,  . . . QUESTION : so what could be different about one more burger place?  ANSWER: Everything on top . .  Grilled Mushrooms, grilled onions and green peppers . .  A1 steak sauce! . .  GEEZE! What could be better . .  The toppings are FREE!

EVEN MORE . .  be careful if you order the fries . .  Warning they give you more fries than you can eat, even if you don't have a burger . .  so bring the kids and get 1 order of fries for the family! They also have Cajon Fries that are spicey . .  I like spicey ! YUM!笑
Sometimes you just need a good cheese burger. It definitely hit the spot today. The fries are great too. Got in and out quickly for lunch. Burger was still hot when I got back to the office.笑
Well, I haven't had anything to eat all day and I thought I would stop in for a burger. My sister in law loves this place but I'm not sure what all of the hype is about!  The fries arent bad but I think I like Red Robin better. Plus, there's no alcohol here! What does a girl have to do to enjoy a beer and a burger?笑
My favorite burger in town is five guys..  They got it right!!!  Bacon is perfectly crisp and the location in Scottsdale as a great drink dispenser that give the option of 20+ soda choices.  I am not a fan of their fries however, I love their burgers and hot dogs.笑
Took my Dad, brother, and nephew here since they are from out of town and never heard of this place. The restaurant was clean and even though there was a line, it moved quickly. Staff was on their game (I'm a chef so I look for that sort of thing). We got double bacon cheesebugers and both types of fries. The burgers were juicy and had lots of flavor, but for some reason I'm still partial to Carl's Jr.or, better yet, a burger from Delux. The fries are very good. Hand cut and skin on, these babies are quickly blanched in oil, cooled, and then fried to order, I had the Cajun and while nice and crispy, I could have used a. Bit more heat and cajun flavor. All in all, I give this place a thumbs up and will be back.笑
First time to this chain.   Burger and fries were good.  On my okay to try again list.笑
Ummm okay so this is the most amazing, yummy, place for burgers. If you have never eaten a burger here you will bite into your perfectly made meal, put it down, and tell your friend through garbled words that it's the best burger you've ever had. 

Everything is fresh and they offer a ton of toppings. You can get regular fries or cajun flavored. I find Cajun flavored a must since you can't get it anywhere else and the regular frieds are kind of plain, although they are seasoned with salt. 

Only problem is this food is really, really high in calories (duh) but it's worth it. Just don't eat and feel guilty about it. Enjoy it.

If you don't want a burger they do have hot dogs and grilled cheese. Both look good. Also, the way the soda machine words is cool and the soda tastes really delicious. 

Service is great. I've walked in at 9:50 starving and apologizing for coming in so late and the staff reassured me I was fine. That says something -- although what exactly I couldn't tell you.

There menu is basic and they don't have milkshakes. Some think it's expensive and it is for a "fast food burger" -- like $6.00 before drinks or fries -- but the quality is the cause for the price difference.笑
Intended to go to Chipotle next door, but had to try Five Guys. Being a newbie, I asked the cashiers what a good first time meal is. A friend was with me, and we ended up both ordering a cheeseburger, fries and a soda each. While the fries were great, the cashiers failed to tell us the fries could have been split between three people. Burger was as good as any cooked on a flat top. While In-n-out remains this west coaster's favorite, Five Guys stays on the list for when that afternoon food coma is oh so necessary.笑
First time trying Five Guys was here and I was impressed. As someone probably already mentioned, a regular burger actually contains 2x patties, which feels like the size of a double whopper. Couple that with cheese, bacon, and "everything on it" and you have a formidable meal to contend with.

The fries are definitely something worth mentioning. For an in-n-out regular, i've become accustomed to stuffing my face with soggy, limp potato ropes. This place has the real deal. An order of regular fries is just a small drinking cup filled with thick, crispy, greasy fries. They load your cup of fries into your take out bag, then top off your bag with even more fries! They must have thought i was pretty hungry, ordering the bacon cheeseburger after all.

Be careful sitting near the back of the restaurant, AT&T reception is pretty bad inside.笑
One of the better Burger's you can get at a chain. I've had Five Guys Burger's in 3 different states and a half dozen different establishments. Burgers are made to order with unlimited toppings. The regular size burger and cheeseburger are both double patties, in most cases a single works fine for me. As good as the burgers are the fries. They pack them in and overflow into the bag, well seasoned.笑
The burgers are big and will fill you up.  However, it's awfully expensive for a burger joint especially with Habit Burger so close and so fresh and delicious and cheaper.

The burgers are greasy and sit heavy on your stomach for lunch.笑
First time eating at Five Guys. The burgers were great and fries were good too. Would return for sure.笑
Great burger! Love the fact that you have so many  add on options for your 1 or 2 patty burger. The fries are good too... You can actually taste the potato, not just oil and salt. Overall with fries and a drink the cost for lunch is $10.00+ so it's not the cheapest place to grab lunch but I would have to say it's worth it. 

I've been to this site a few times and have had great service everytime.笑
A friend told us about the awesomeness of Five Guys food. We were in the mood for a good burger so went to this location to try it out. I like the simplicity of the menu; it's just a burger place. It's also extremely greasy... makes a good burger but also makes you want to immediately change your clothes - no going out after you walk into this place. We decided to get our food to go for this reason. We ordered 2 cheese burgers and fries. 
The burger was delicious - greasy and moist... like a good burger should be. The fries - Meh. We were expecting better fries especially with all the signs about how good they were; perhaps the spiced ones were better. They needed something more... or less. More seasonings or just less potato. We dipped them into steak sauce, ketchup and ranch and still just "meh". 
So if you are looking for a good burger - def. go here but perhaps skip the fries.笑
I love Five Guys. Fast food fix, coming up! I get the little burgers because seriously, the regular two patty burgers are way too much for me. I love the Five Guys buns. Okay, seriously, how do you write a review of this place without laughing so hard you snort Pepsi on your computer screen? Yes, I'm leaving that sentence exactly as I found it. Because if I could go to the store and buy those hamburger buns, I would. A bun doesn't have to be a tasteless spongey presentation for the burger, it should have a flavor and be something you want to eat independently of the patty. If a burger is done right, then all the pieces individually are just as delicious as the combination. I'm aware I said seriously twice in this review. Cut me some slack, it's Wednesday. We're halfway through the week, guys.笑
Best place for a value better burger.  Two small burgers and one regular fries will serve two big appetites.  The hand cut fries are the best. They come from yesterday's generation.  Not for the diet and health conscious. Peanuts while you wait.笑
By far the best burger you can get in a fast food setting. And the fries are killer. Seriously no fast food burger compares. Don't expect cheap though, a good sized burger with a small order of fries is plenty of food but it'll cost you $10 or more. 
To In and Out fans, the burgers are better, with more options and there's NO COMPARISON as far as the fries go. In and Out fries are terrible.

Smashburger is the closest comparison, with nicer dining rooms and great burgers (plus beer) but, again, the fries are strings of cardboard. Their soft drink options also suck by comparison. 

I only wish they had a drive-thru, but it wouldn't work since they grill them fresh and there are tons of topping options.

If you see a Five Guys, stop and get one. The Scottsdale location at Greenway is convenient, clean and awesome.笑
Five Guys serves up much better than average fast food burgers, but if you grew up on In-N-Out you'll still be an In-N-Out fan after visiting Five Guys.  I suspect if your from the East and grew up on Five Guys, you still prefer them to In-N-Out.  That being said, the two burger joints are on par with each other.  I prefer the fries at In-N-Out, but like the topping selection at Five Guys better (no secret menu required).笑
I went yesterday after noon to the mall and then here. My first time eating at five guys burgers and fries. I this is what I got and recommend

cheeseburger with
lettuce, pickles, tomatoes, grilled onions, ketchup, mustard
with regular fries cajun style

The cheeseburger is in between and in&out burger and a culver's burger. And they fries are very good, even though they look dry. Put some ketchup on them fries because they have a very strong flavor. And finally the soda machine lol I seen that on tv and funny that after me there was 2 teenagers and they guy was what the?....vanilla coke? and i can pick more flavors? He was so surprise that he started talking to the female about it and saying can you believe that?lol wow. And is it me or my lol look like a drowning guy LOL笑
They try to be like In-N-Out, even down to the color scheme, but the burgers taste very different.  They offer cajun fries which have some extra seasoning, and if you ask for your fries "well done" they don't come out as soggy.  But if you're going with someone else, then one order of fries is all you'll need.  They give everyone huge helpings of fries and I'm never able to finish a single order so I just share it.  The burgers are excellent and the one thing that sets this place a part is the option to get fresh jalapenos on your burger.  Don't forget about breakfast!  This is where In-N-Out fails.  The breakfast burgers are great after a night of partying.笑
Are you Kidding ?!!!! SUPER AWESOME BURGERS AND FRIES !!!!!!!!! Thanks five guys for the topping options  and the share of fries that are given no matter what size you order .笑
Food is ok. Very expensive for what it is. Also very noisey place, music way too loud!笑
I grew up with Five Guys in Virginia about 20 years ago, OK you caught me, 25 years ago and they are just as good out here as they are back east.  Love those Five Guys.  Burgers, Fries, cool soda machine designed by Apple and Ferrari, what's not to love.笑
Ordered takeout, ala the Bacon Cheeseburger, "all the way" with some Cajun fries. I guess it's MY fault for not checking my Bacon Cheeseburger for the G.D. BACON before I left!!! 

I am sorry Five Guys, but no matter how fresh your 'taters are, no matter how cool it is to crack peanuts in line, no matter how good my burger was, sans pig, you can't forget a basic function like putting the BACON ON A BACON CHEESEBURGER. Yes I checked the receipt. 

Probably the same reason your bathrooms were filthy. Wifey said it looked there was a diaper party for two year-olds and hobos in the ladies room. She couldn't use it and didn't tell me 'til home because she knew I would have publicly embarrassed you in front of your potatoes and peanuts. You owe her... really. 

My baconless leftovers went in the trash after I learned about the bathroom. Permanently disgusted and won't go back.笑
I was severely disappointed by my experience at Five Guys.  With all the hype that this chain has garnered, I found that little of it held up.  As soon as I walked in the door I was overwhelmed by the smell of smoke that the griddle was wafting through the restaurant.  There were plenty of people cooking and preparing the food, yet it all looked chaotic and unorganized.

Just as other people have mentioned, you can choose a whole array of toppings to customize your burger.  That capability is great as long as the cashier rings up your order correctly (which mine was not).  Needless to say I was less than thrilled that I had to battle the smoke so that I could re-explain to the counter staff how my meal was supposed to be prepared.  Along with my burger, I also ordered the regular-sized Cajun fries.  These were definitely fully-seasoned, so if you are averse to spice don't order them.  The regular order of fries turned out to be a modest cup of fries stuffed in a brown bag full of more fries.  It is almost as if Five Guys' strategy is to overwhelm you by their generosity with their fries, so that you forget that their burger is mediocre and their fries are sopping wet with grease.  

The AYCE peanuts were good though; it is a shame that these were the highlight of the meal.笑
Sometimes I crave a big, juicy burger.  On a recent Friday, a few co-workers and I went to Five Guys to get our dose of beefy goodness.

The menu is simple - burgers, hot dogs and fries.  One thing that is important to know is that the regular burgers come with two patties, while the 'little' burgers come with one.  Convinced (or perhaps challenged) by my co-workers to try the full-size, I went with the cheeseburger.  From the long list of toppings (all free) I chose to go 'all the way' except for the tomato which meant mayo, mustard, ketchup, lettuce, pickles,  grilled onions and mushrooms.  The burger was pretty good - juicy and messy.  I think I should have skipped the grilled onions, though, as there were far too many of them.

The fries come in two sizes (big and huge) and two ways - regular and cajun.  We shared a large order of cajun fries among the three of us, and I think it would have taken two more people to finish them.  The fries were thick-cut, which I really like, but the cajun seasoning made them very salty.

All orders are served up in plain brown paper bags, even if you are not taking the food to-go.  A cute idea, except that the brown paper really soaks up that french fry grease.  I know burgers & fries are greasy.  Duh.  I just don't want to have such obvious visual confirmation of that.  The shiny glistening sheen that had soaked through the brown paper bag was NOT what I wanted to see after finishing my meal.

Overall a tasty burger, and so-so fries.  Would I have the burger again?  Sure.  However, Five Guys will not replace In-N-Out as my go-to place to satisfy my burger cravings.  Yes, I will always be a California girl at heart!笑
Been to the one on South Beach, and the burgers and fries are just as good here!  My only complaint is I asked for ketchup, and they absolutely drenched the burger! (eeew).  After scraping off a 1/4c of ketchup the burger was fantastic, much, much better than In and Out Burger.  I did remember to order the regular fries (which is enough for a family with small children).   The fries here are the BEST!  Nice to see an alternative to In and Out Burger.  I think the burger and fries at Five Guys Rock!笑
Five Guys has taken the winners stand in fast food burgers in our book. Great quality and taste, far surpassing anything that is around. Hats off Five Guys!笑
Go for the great burgers, really thick, juicy, and delicious. Wonderful fresh condiments. Friendly, nice people too. But don't go for the ambience. It's a pretty bare bones type of place. The burgers get Five stars, the surroundings Three, so that averages out to this Four Star Review.笑
For the money you can not get a better greasy burger, the bacon is deep fried, fries are fresh and tasty, mmm delicious. Been dozens of times never disappointed, also good homemade shakes.笑
Time to update my review.  Since my last review 2 yrs ago, we've come here several times and it has improved.  It's of my Son's favorite places for Burgers.  The Cajun Fries are outstanding and the Burgers are top notch.

We also love the Coke machine that has a ton of flavors and you can create your own soft drink creation.
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/five-guys-burgers-and-fries-scottsdale?select=3NnaUO95WFTGCgD4q3Ke5w#3NnaUO95WFTGCgD4q3Ke5w

The kids who work here are pretty cool too.  They get a bump up in Stars.

Return Factor - 85%笑
Burgers were pretty good, surely a large meal. All the food is al a carte, so you do not get your burger with fry's, they are extra. I paid roughly $11 for a cheeseburger, fries, and drink. My friend paid roughly $8 for his cheeseburger and drink. The fries can easily be shared between two people as it was way more than I could eat, in fact two of us actually ended up throwing away half the fries, there were so many. They have a fairly decent choice of toppings, the typical lettuce, onion, tomato, and options for grilled onions, jalapenos, and a couple others at no extra charge. The price may be a bit high for a fast-food joint, but rest assured you'll be getting your fill.笑
Went to the new Paradise Valley location. Very greasy as mentioned. Hamburger completely fell apart after one bite. Fairly flavorless. Fries were so salty I returned them for a no-salt version. And its expensive for what you get. In-n-out is a mile away and that is better value. Toppings don't make up for the price or the taste.笑
Love this place.  The hamburger and fries are fresh...and custom made to your order.  The food is nice and hot right off the grill.  The service is always pleasant.  This is a "eat and leave" type of location, not a lounging and eating location.  Great food.笑
One of the best indulgence burgers I have had in a long time. Seriously greasy, seriously yum. Loved all the topping options, loved the peanuts in the shell "appetizer." Did not care for the fries, however. On the day we went, they were quite overdone, and there were really far too many, even for two people. I felt badly about the waste. I will be back on occasion for the burgers- my heart can't take more than that. But I will love every bite...笑
In the Zocallo shopping plaza. Well, in the tradition of In & Out, here we have another burger joint with pretty decent hamburgers, but with a very limited menu. Besides the fries, they have hot dogs and 3 sandwiches; veggie, cheese and veggie, and grilled cheese. So, if you want cole slaw, jalapeno poppers, onion rings, a salad, etc., with your burger, better look elsewhere. I tried the double bacon burger, $6.79, wasn't that big, decent tasting enough though. Cajun fries were just OK, nothing special. One plus is that you really can have it "your way..." Add any toppings for no additional charge- mayo, lettuce, mustard, ketchup, jalapenos, grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, and more. Overall, place is OK, but the limited menu was a bummer for me.笑
I used to get excited every time I flew to Washington DC because I got to have a Five Guys burger. Now they are all over the country. At first I was concerned that the expansion would hurt the quality. It hasn't. It is still one of the best hamburgers that you can get, great fries and one of the best hot dogs too.笑
Delicious! I loved my burger option of lettuce wrap instead of bun, it was awesome. The Cajun fries are fabulous.笑
A little busier than the Fashion Square location, but still great food and good service. 

Love the fries.笑
After checking out the reviews and pic's couldn't wait to chk. This Burger Joint, love the peanuts .. Yes and the soda machine. ..experience that at Tom Thumbs BBQ....I love the burger had a small bacon cheese burg...good bun usually go pro..style ....Cajon Frys..saved some for breakfast with eggs..!!! ;)))))))) Yum, Yum....!!!笑
This place is sooo conveniently close to my office... it's hard not to go to often. But, as other reviewers have stated its a little pricey for a "fast food" style burger joint. Granted that this is NO McDonalds!! But... In and Out is not far away either... and they are pretty damn good too! This is a place I come 2 -3 times a month... more than that and you will need to see your doctor and have them check the cholesterol! 

I love the burgers here. They are huge, delicious, and fresh. Be careful ordering the larger order of fires... as they are huge! And you can get them with Cajun seasoning.  

One thing I absolutely love... as I am a gadget guy, and "buttons" make me happy... is the soft drink dispenser!!! It is uber-cool.... and hard not to play with!笑
Being that I work across the street I felt like I had to come check it out, even though I've had bad experiences at other 5 guy locations. I actually was entertained by the energy the people working had. They were all dancing around to music while making food and looked like they we're having a good time. I decided to order the veggie sandwich , since I broke and that's the cheapest/healthier choice on the menu. It was really good!!!! Like a boss cheese sandwich it came with sautéed onions, mushrooms, tomatoes, lettuce and American cheese. 
The only reason I give this place 4/5 was because their tomatoes weren't ripe. 
Definitely coming back for that sandwich though, even with a jimmy johns next door. Lol笑
Always a pleasure to find a FIVE GUYS when we are traveling. As expected, this location delivered on the goods!!  Delicious!!
All toppings on the burgers are free, you can't finish the copious amount of fries you get, and the peanuts take the edge off your hunger while waiting for your made to order meal!笑
The burgers I have here are typical 5 guys burgers. Of course that means they are spectacular. Fresh, juicy and perfect portion for the burger. The cajun fries are spicy and tasty even though you get to many. Wish you could get about five fries for a buck as that's about all I can eat with the huge burger. I eat here about once a week and consistency is great.  The staff is really good here- they are upbeat and friendly while not being too annoying and the high tech automated coke machine always makes the experience perfect.笑
Everyone calls this the back east in n out Burger. I thought it was a very good burger a little more than in n out but worth it. Fries are good and they give you A LOT of them in the small order.笑
We wanted a burger today so we decided to try Five Guys. My daughter recommended this place so here we are. The service was friendly and prompt. I ordered the cheese burger which is really a double cheese burger. If you I want the single then order the lite. I like the concept of ordering your toppings. They have a nice selections of topping including grilled mushrooms and Jalapeños. Burger were very juicy and tasty. The fries are good and fresh. They put your fries in a cup and then add extra by just dumping them in your bag. 
We sat outside cause it was a really nice day. I was impressed cause the place was very clean inside, outside, and the bathroom. They even had people wiping down the tables outside. Expensive burger for $6.59 each but worth it every once in awhile.笑
Make no mistake this is not a fast food joint but a quick food joint. The burgers are great (it's the high quality ingredients and the bun) french fries are good (would of been better but were over cooked) and a large fry can be split three or four ways. Much better than IN-N-OUT (I know sacrilege, but true). I wish they would lose the "commercially bagged " tea and realize in the west only fresh brewed measures up.笑
Fantastic burgers and fries!  After weeks of dieting this custom burger melted in my mouth.  Delicious and wonderfully greasy!  The fries were a very large portion...be sure to split with your date :)笑
the fries are FANTASTIC, and the burger is good. I love being able to add grilled onions and sautéed mushrooms as a free topping. Yummy.笑
Hard to beat this for lunch under $10. The quality of the ingredients they use here is obvious. This blows McDonald's, Burger King, Wendy's and Jack in the Box out of the water!!! Lots of free toppings to choose from too. There is no drive-thru but you can get "in and out" with a burger pretty quick.笑
This place is pretty yummy, we were pretty stuffed after eating here. I think I still like in n out a little better since I can get a double double, fries and shake for the cost of the smallest burger at five guys, but they definitely are better with all the free toppings. I had the little bacon cheeseburger with lettuce, tomatoes, grilled mushrooms, and grill onions. Bf had the regular cheeseburger (2 meat patties) with everything and green bell peppers. I'm not really sure why they flatten the meat when they grill it, maybe to cook it faster or fit the humongous bun?  We shared cajun style fries which were tasty--i think it's just seasoned salt on top. The soda machine is pretty awesome, never had to use a touch screen to get a drink before. Fancy stuff. I liked the free peanuts while we waited :)笑
Meaty, beaty, big and bouncy!

Add "beefy" and you've pretty much summed up your 5GB&F  experience!

After detoxing this morning, I was really hungry...after all, I'm a pretty big and bouncy boy and when you lug this kind of tonnage up and down the canal, you're going to need some retoxing!

And since it's Taco Tuesday, I thought a burger fest sounded about right!

I needed to be up north anyway, so I texted my order (what a time and vexation saver that is!...two stars for 5GB&F right there) and it was ready, hot and juicy when I rolled in.

The burgers and fries remind me of nothing so much as Wendy's of about 30 years ago...you know, when Wendy's was actually pretty good (not like now when, they consistently screw up your order and figuratively, literally throw your bag-o-food into your car as you idle by the pickup window).

The burgers are OK, the fries are fresh and peanutty (no, really...fresh peanut oil...the fries taste peanutty!), and the Coke is, well, Cokey. 

The atmosphere is nice enough, all red and white checked and tons of "look at me" crap on the walls ("Best Fries in Hoboken!")

The music was also reasonably pleasant (Men at Work..."I come from a land down under"...I shuddered a little bit at the part "and men chunder"...please, no chundering while I'm eating!).

Anyway...

I was able to purchase this little repast for a mere $11.83 (I saved a little by having the small fries).

I know, Grind or Delux prices for a retro Wendy's burger!

I'm no spendthrift, but I could feed a family of 6 at In-n-Out for $12...and with better burgers.

But, 5GB&F filled me up, they had my burger ready to roll and they very nicely didn't mess up my order (but then again, how could they screw it up...they were ordered to prepare my burger by a computer...we know what happens when you don't do what a computer tells you...you "accidentally" ride over a cliff on your Segway, that's what happens!)

 And, in a nostalgic sort of way, they reminded me of how Wendy's used to be (complete with 70's music), and for that, a reasonable 3.25 stars.笑
Very disappointed with the food quality. Grilled Onions and mushrooms were not cooked. Burger was dripping oil. I cant believe this is being served to people.笑
I had to take this place from 4 to 3 stars because there is too much grease and it sits a little to long in the tummy.  Last time we ate there it felt like our stomachs gazed upon Medusa and turned to stone. Still tasty though!笑
A visit to any Five Guys never disappoints.  

I love their burger making concept and the atmosphere.  Ordering is easy as long as you know what you want.

A regular burger with lettuce, tomato, raw onions, jalapenos & some mayo makes a mouth watering experience for me.  Top that off with a refreshing Cherry Coke and you've got yourself a happy man.  Fries are on point and of course I love that they overload them into the paper bag.  One order of regular fries can feed 2 people no problem.  Keep up the great work guys!笑
Just tried Five Guys for the first time today. I ordered a hamburger which comes with 2 patties. I don't like a lot on my burger so I got mayo, ketchup, and lettuce. The lettuce was too warm so I could have done without that. But the burger was ok. I also tried their french fries and they were too cooked for my liking and also very salty. I think I would go back again but I would order the little burger which I hope is just one patty.笑
I have to say I am a little picky when it comes to fast food burger places.  My husband had been to Five Guys many times and kept asking me to try it.  I finally agreed and was not disappointed.   They burgers are great.  Lean , fresh, meat, not frozen and most importantly NOT SALTY!!   Most burger places rain salt on their burgers, not so at Five Guys.   In fact I even asked for my burger "not seasoned" and the cashier explained they do not season their burgers.  You can get as much of any topping for no extra charge.   Customize it any way you like.   The orders always come out accurate.   Fries are great and always come out hot and fresh.   I have been here several times and will continue to go back.   Give them a try.笑
If you have no other reason than a soda machine to go -- than, so be it.

This machine has everything. If you press a button, more options magically appear. Probably no less than 75 options? I don't know.

None the less, Five Guys is Five Guys and you can guess what is hear based on the previous reviews. However, the best seat in the house is by the soda machine and seeing everyone's reactions to it.

Every option imaginable and than some.笑
Finally, a burger joint that really takes the pain out of waiting in line. This was my first visit to Five Guys and I did an online web order just to see how well it would work, and how accurate and timely it would be.

By the time I got there, there was a line to the door. I was a little early so I figured I would not press the issue of timeliness too much, but I did tell them that I had a web order. My wait time was very short, just ebough time for the swift kitchen team to whip up and cook the freshly cut fries.

The burgers were unbelievable. What's nice is that you can pre-order unlimited toppings from the website. I somewhat expected a burger 10 inches high as I ordered mine nearly all the way. However, to my surprise it was fairly compact in an foil housing and quite edible and definitely not as messy as I expected.

The fries, while freshly cut, were nothing to rave about and were not quite well done enough. A little crispier would have given them the ultimate competitive edge. I was very satisfied with my choice of the little bacon cheeseburger and in fact, I ordered another one from my phone while sitting down. That little juicy beast was ready in no time. I know it was proably not the best way to make friends with the people who were waiting in line. I ordered the burger at 6:47 pm from my phone and it was ready exactly as promised at 6:54 pm. I could not believe it and on top of that, the kitchen was slammed!

The only item missing from the menu is a milshake actually! 

The staff was very courteous, friendly and efficient and the whole restaurant was spotless as far as cleanliness goes.

If you have a craving for a juicy burger, I highly recommend Five Guys at the Zocallo Plaza in Scottdale. If you are in a hurry, you really cannot beat the online ordering system and your stomach will thank you and think you're a hero!

There's even salted peanuts in the shell if you are still hungry afterwards wa ha ha!笑
If you are obese, or desire to become obese, then this is your place!

It's all here.  Big greasy burgers, loads of fries and tons of soda.

It all tastes great.

If that's not enough, be sure to grab some of the free peanuts.笑
Great burgers & fries!! JUST MAKE SURE TO ASK FOR EXTRA WELL DONE FRIES! Love this place, as long as you get well done fries you are golden...unless you like the limp way they usually make the fries!笑
My wife and I have been to Five guys in 4 different states already.
We love them so much, great for gluten free people.
Fries are to die for! they nailed it to perfection!

I compare the pricing:
2 Burgers and 1 regular fries to share - $16 and change
versus in and out
2 double doubles and 2 fries - $12 and change

Five guys burger has more meat and toppings then a dbl dbl
1 regular fries equals 2 fries at in and out, and these are just the right crispiness.

As a certified gourmet chef, both are good but five guys at most locations are very satisfying笑
I love this place!  The burgers are amazing, the fries are just as great and I get to snack on peanuts while I'm waiting for my food.  Also, the ingredients are ALL natural.笑
Good place for a greasy burger.  It's loud, loud music and loud kitchen but it works.  Good atmosphere!笑
Absolutely love it!! Never disappoints, great food, great people working here .the only downside is its kinda pricy but really good. I really love the soda machine of many flavors ,its pretty cool. Im definelty coming here at least once a month笑
Clean, good service, but not exactly my fave fast food joint. Glad that they have a vegetarian option here! they have a grilled veggie sandwich option which is basically like a cheeseburger minus the meat ha. I've had it a few times and it's not great. You can get a significantly better veggie option at other fast food burger joints (..in n out grilled cheese..). It just lacks in flavor, I found myself dunking it in ketchup. However, their fries are the big winners. Some of the best fries. Perfect size fry, not to skinny not too big and good amount of crisp. Yum! The ones with seasoning on them are good too, but I went with original during my trip here yesterday.
Prices aren't too bad, cost me about $7.50 for more than enough food to fill me up. Plus it's good quality stuff. Never had bad service here or had an order get messed up. Also I like the fancy soda machine they have haha. So as a non-meat eater, I might not be the best person to give this review, but this place isn't too shabby in my opinion!笑
Five Guys is doing everything right at its Scottsdale location. I've eaten here three times now, and each time gets better than the last. 

Whether busy or slow, the staff is friendly and helpful. On one visit, they forgot to put on the toppings on my burger, and when I returned to the front desk, they said right away that they'd make another one fresh with the toppings. And they said keep the un-topped burger. So it's was a pretty sweet 2-for-1 deal. 

The whole family loves the burgers and fries. Great eating!笑
Went there for the first time today.  Excellent burger, and all the extra's on the burger are free which is pretty nice.  It was just over 10 bucks for a cheeseburger, regular fries, and large drink. The food was excellent.  I ding it down to 4 stars though, just because anything this good has to be unhealthy, and its definitely greasy.   The grease from the fries saturated my brown paper take-out bag.  They also squished the top of my bun pretty bad when wrapping it up in tin foil.  I'm guessing if you eat there, you don't have this problem as much.  Still, 4 stars for an excellent burger and fries place.  Definitely a step up over In-N-Out.笑
I've been to this location multiple times. They have the new "electronic" Cola-Cola soda fountains so there is virtually an unlimited choice of flavored carbonated beverage options. One piece of advice I give all my friends when visiting ANY Five Guys location for the first time: one order of the small French fries will feed about 2-4 people.  You'll see why after your first visit.笑
There is nothing I love more than a good burger, plain and simple, the way God and America intended it to be, and Five Guys delivers. With the new, trendy "gourmet" burger trend sweeping through Scottsdale, a plain old burger was just what the doctor ordered to get me out of my "goat cheese and grilled pineapple with arugula" burger rut. Went today with a pal during lunch time and holy moley, it was CROWDED! You wonder where everyone in Arizona is in the summer? At Five Guys, sheesh! My pal insisted I order the "little burger"... and even though I told her I was ravenous, she said, "no, you want the LITTLE burger". Expecting a slider sized burger, I was surprised to see it was completely normal sized, maybe even a bit bigged than an In and Out. I was also pleasently surprised because they say their burgers are "well-done and juicy". I myself, like my burgers still moo-ing. Well, I could barely tell they were well done, and Holy Mary, it was the juiciest burger I had ever had! The fries were hot, fresh, and still had the potato skin on, amazing. It is a little on the pricey side. I should have ordered the small fries, but like I said, I was starving, and ordered the big ones. My friend had a hot dog and it looked pretty good. My fave thing: endless topping INCLUDED! Wahooooo! It is definetly a great place to check out, maybe next time I will just get take out, cause it was a bit crowded. I did love the old fashioned feel, with the potato sacks everywhere and the open kitchen with fry cooks chettering away in their crazy kitchen jargon. Being from Chicago, a lot of places have open kitchens and to me, it is a fun thing to watch the interection and the burger flipping. Great place, go, and you will be happy to have a good, plain, old fashioned BURGER!!! NO GOAT CHEESE, YAY!!!笑
On occasion, only a big, fat, messy greasefest will do.  An evil greasefest of deliciousness.  I like a greasy burger.  Five Guys pretty much redefined the experience for me.  Ordered what I thought would be a good cheeseburger, and got this 2-patty behemoth with 2 slices of american cheese so greasy the top of the bun was shiny.  Add grilled onions and fries cooked in peanut oil, and my heart started waving a tiny white flag even whily my taste buds were doing their happy dance.  As I was fighting to keep my eyes open on the way home I think I heard my son say he just grew a new chin.

At about $10 a person, I only wish it weren't so expensive.  It is just a burger joint, after all.  But they gotta pay for the new building with Scottsdale Rd. frontage rent and seven (seven! like clowns in a car back there!) staff behind the counter somehow.  And it really is a killer burger.

Time for nap.笑
I would say this is a 3,5 star burger place.  

The burger is solid with nice flavors and fresh lettuce, onion and tomato. 
I had mayo, mustard and ketchup on my burger.  

Ive read a lot about the discussions about the eastcoasts Five Guys vs In n out on the west coast and for me theres really not that much of a fight.  
Yes "Five Guys" is a good burger (among many others) but there are some crucial things that seperates the two.  

*If Five Guys is a 3,5 in taste, In n out are always a 5!,
*Appearence. Five Guys looks kind of sad as a burger especially compared to In n out's picture perfect burger goodness. 
*Price. I paid 10 $ for a burger with fries and soda at FG.  A double double with fries and soda at In n out will set you back about 6,50 $!  

Conclusion: Five Guys is a nice burgerplace when the cravings set in and you dont have the In n out joint close by.笑
I love this place for it's simplicity. They have burgers, fries and dogs, that is it. Too many fast food places expand their menus into a quagmire of mediocrity. Not these guys, for a chain, they do what they know and they don't screw with it. 

Now, don't expect In-N-Out when you walk in, you have quite a few options as far as what you can get on the burger, and you don't need to know any of that secret menu stuff. So go nuts, but avoid the jalapenos, you'll not taste the burger, just the peppers. 

If you want my advice, the burger is great, and it's not healthy, so don't screw around and just get the bacon cheeseburger, "All the way". And unless you're training to take over for the "Man vs. Food" guy, stick to the regular fries, the large is huge!