I love the food and everything about this place. Great food and great customer service. The food has good taste and flavorful. The burrito is hugh and the staff are nice. The atmosphere is good and a very clean place to eat. I would go back...and I have.笑
I really had no clue what type of concept Qdoba was because I had never heard of it at all, this location is right by our house and we gave it try since our first time but it will be our last..

This place is barely OK, just in the same lines as Chipotle :/

My mom ordered a ground beef taco and a beef and bean burrito as was not thrilled at all. Neither was I, how can you mess up at plain basic soft taco? Their meat doesn't taste good, it's not seasoned and didn't taste fresh. I only got a soft taco with meat and cheese and it was like $3.00+!

Rice and beans are just so so, the best things were their chips and queso dip, that was the only redemption in this meal. If you like Chipotle than you will like this place.

Staff was friendly and accommodating to us since it was our first time! I hope the food quality improve :/笑
Delicious !
The Quesadilla, 3- knock out tacos we had were very good. Food is not greasy and full of flavor. We also tried chips with Queso Diablo yum! It was a bit spicy as it has chunks of jalapeño.
If u are around try it.
Next to the Henderson DMV after being there for 2 hours this meal was worth it ;)笑
Qdoba is my favorite "fast food" place to eat.  Hands down, it beats Chipotle, Freebirds, etc.  However, I was a bit disappointed with this Qdoba specifically.  

To me, the food didn't taste as good at this location.  Also, when we were waiting to order, the staff was friendly but seemed unmotivated.  There was a decently long line, and all three employees dropped everything to try to figure out how to use a coupon for one customer.  An entire restaurant of people stood around waiting while three employees stood around the register looking confused.  Other similar behaviors occurred later that suggested the staff didn't understand how to maximize their time to keep the business running smoothly and efficiently.笑
This is a great place !! Clean, warm, beautiful. Burritos are just awsome, tacos are delicious 
5 stars cuz you get good food and prices are fair笑
I went in here just the other day, I wasnt to hungry so i just grabbed a side of chips and cheese. Man do they make a good cheese lol. I have yet to try anything else at this place but ill have to go back again sometime soon.笑
Steak quesadilla... That's all you need to have a satisfactory experience. Also get the queso, it's fire.笑
With all of the hype (and controversy) surrounding Chipotle, it's easy to forget about this little hidden gem. Service can be a little on the slow side but the food is always worth the extra wait. Nothing beats free Guacamole & Sour Cream, especially considering most similar spots charge $1.50 extra for each. It's the usual Beef, Pork, and Chicken offerings with good sized portions. The shredded pork in green sauce is my personal favorite, but all of them hit the spot. A Good location just  a few blocks from the 215 freeway. Check it out.笑
Its fast fresh Mex.  Great service at every location.  The naked burrito with no rice is a great hi pro / low carb meal. Mexican Gumbo is also a favorite.  A+  Qdoba rewards card is a bonus.  Every tenth entree is FREE.笑
Excellent  customer service, Affordable  price. The staff created a plate of all 3 of the most popular  tacos. The cheese dip is amazing. They were very pleasant  and afterwards came to the table to clear our plates and ask if we enjoyed the food. Extremely  impressed with the customer  service for a fast food restaurant.笑
If not for the Buy 1, Get 1 coupon I get from the e-mail club, 
I'd not come here at all. I've had quite a few different menu items, and the carnitas bowl (Mexican gumbo) is very good. My food usually tastes pretty fresh, and the portions are pretty big. Service is usually just so-so, but speaks volumes when there are 10 other Mexican places nearby.笑
Love the food!  Unfortunately, some of the staff at this location makes your food better then others!笑
Q doba has no limits!  Get as much as you want!  Chipotle doesn't carry any queso sauces of any kind.   Chipotle charges you for guacamole.  You get all the guacamole, FREE at Q doba!  At Chipotle, they give you the standard coke selection, at Q doba, more than 100 kinds of drinks!  There's no ecoli, and no stores closing, like Chipotle.  If you want to trust Chipotle, I wish you luck.  I get better service, more food, free guacamole, 20x the choice of drinks, and no ecoli at Qdoba!  Q doba ROCKS!  I was there for lunch yesterday, and it was perfect as always.  I live at Cornado and Eastern, where there is a chipotle a few hundred yards from my apartment.  I would rather drive to Q doba where they appreciate my business.笑
Food is good but the tacos are wayy overpriced for what you get... at least the 3 cheese nacho bowl was good for the price. Got a brownie also...it sort of tastes like a brownie but not really..

The place is clean... but the music is horrible. We about left mid-meal due to it. Don't know what the ____ type of music they played tonight but it was downright terrible.. 

We won't return.笑
I love quick burrito places, and Chipotle tends to top the list.  But Qdoba comes a close second for one reason: Queso Sauce!  It's spicy and goes great in burritos or on nachos.  No other place carries it good as here.  I know, I know ... calorie killer!  But killer taste, man.  Sign up for their Qdoba card and you get a free Welcome Chips and Salsa, then every tenth burrito is free.  They email me $5 entree & drink combo coupons all the time, sometimes even Buy One Get One and I get to treat my coworker to free lunch.  The staff has always been nice, and I like that they're open late (10pm).笑
Qdoba is pretty close to home, but for some reason I never think to go here. They even mail out all kinds of BOGO promos and I always miss out on using them. One evening my husband and I decided this would be a good option for a quick dinner.

The menu has more variety than their competitor's menu. They have much more than burritos and burrito bowls. I wasn't expecting that kind of variety so I'll have to try something more exciting than a burrito bowl next time.

I ordered a Chicken Burrito Bowl. The portion wasn't as big as their competitor, but I actually liked that. If the food is in front of me I'll eat it so the more reasonable portion is actually a good thing for me. I loved the taste and texture of the veggies. The flavors of the bowl overall were pretty good. My husband had a burrito and he really enjoyed it.笑
Food is great but the staff needs to be as good as the food and speak English!
 So this the  only place where their meat is well done, it  seems the other joints that are similar to this place,  the steak is not as well done. So if you like well done meat it's good. Beware of staff笑
All I can say is waaayyyy better than chipotle. Not just the food, but the customer service was great. I had never been here before and she helped me so much with my selections. And I got guac for free!!! I didn't have to pay a whole bunch extra. Great place.笑
Just got a monster burrito from here!!! very good salsa;s are awesome!If  your in the mood for burrito's I recommend笑
Would give it 10 stars if I could! Every time I'm hangry I come here. Chicken queso burrito. 

I love how they always greet you when you come in. Fast food but not fast food. The new tacos are just alright. I like the yard bird but some of the others are too complex with different flavors.笑
Even worse service than normal today. My burrito was all fixed up, and then I waited and waited for someone to ring me up. Then there was a mixup that took three workers to solve. It shouldn't have been difficult. When I was finally finished getting rung up, the woman who was at the cash register, instead of handing me my receipt, held on to it while she turned her attention to the mixup at her side. 

This Qdoba has consistently had really terrible service, and I'm not gonna go here anymore.笑
I haven't been to qdoba since I moved out here. I happened to be in the area and dived back in. My original experience back in Florida was not all that great, but this was incredible. They have a unique menu with tasteful options, you can see them Sautéing fresh vegetables as I ordered. The staff was very, very nice. Most importantly the food was awesome! Thanks笑
I prefer Qdoba over some similar places such as Chipotle mostly because Qdoba has more selections to choose from and because I am a hige fan of the Queso cheese.  Other than that this place isn't anything too special.  The food is pretty good, the prices are 'ok', and the place is clean which is about all you can ask; however these types of places are a dime a dozen and I can find better quality foods at Carlito's Burritos or places like that.  One thing that I do love and would recommend to anyone is order the Chicken or steak quesadilla and order a side of chips and queso.  They give you way more queso than you need for the chips, so take the Chicken quesadilla and dip it in the queso cheese for an amazing taste.  Also, sign up for the Qdoba fan club and you will get a $6 meal deal coupon about once a month which is a nice little deal to have.笑
This place used to be good.  I hadn't been there since earlier this year.  Their lime rice used to be delicious and they even had grilled veggies which I would get on my naked burrito.  Yesterday, when my husband went to get the order which consisted of a veggie and a chicken naked burrito, he said that there was nothing in the pans and that in his words, "They were scraping the bottom of the pans" putting the food in our order.   He ordered the chicken and got almost no chicken in there.  They looked at my husband like he was crazy when he asked for the grilled veggies for my order.  When he brought the food home, I noticed immediately, the rice didn't taste the same and there were no grilled veggies.  They had filled it up with a lot of lettuce and very little of anything else, which was like a big salad.  What a waste of money!  The quality and taste has definitely changed, and we won't be going back.笑
I love Qdoba. We get the Craft 2 and chips and queso and 2 drinks with free refills for around $20,bucks and it's more than enough for a quick meal. The Craft 2 gives you 2 tacos and choice of another item so we get the quesidilla. Yummy.笑
After a busy morning of moving I thought I would take in the Qdoba after having passed it numerous times in the past.

The set up is much the same as a Zaba's or a Chipolte as is the chow.  I ordered up a Queso Burrito with chicken and a side of chips w/ queso sauce.

I found the food in general to be a bit bland which I determined to be a result of the much touted three cheese queso sauce.  I flavored it up with some bottled hot sauce.

Not hating, not loving but just plain OK.笑
Qdoba Rewards (free membership) http://www.qdoba.com/rewards

- Chipotle and Qdoba seem identical except for Chipotle using organic/non-GMO ingredients and Qdoba providing free guacamole (Chipotle charges about $2), so I'll say it's a toss up on which I prefer.
- I received a B1G1 Free (buy 1, get 1 free) entree coupon in the mail so gave this place a shot.
- Having signed up for Qdoba Rewards, about once a month I receive a B1G1 Free coupon via e-mail.
- The times I've been to this location, about 10:30 am, lines were short, service was quick, food tasty.笑
I wish I'd gotten the chance to try the food. I walked in today at around 5 pm and I see the manager standing in the kitchen eating. When he saw me he turned around & put some gloves on. Already two health code violations in this visit: he was eating in the kitchen and didn't wash his hands before helping me. While I stared at the menu for a minute, he scooped some rice into a container and put it aside. I guess I took too long to decide because he huffed out, "Let me know when you're ready", grabbed the rice, and continued to eat. I turned to tell my fiance I didn't want to eat there anymore because of how rude this guy was and we walked out. A couple minutes later I went in again and asked the other guy behind the counter for his manager's name. When he said "Danny" the manager, who was helping other customers, turned and saw me. I told Danny that I live across the street & would never come back because of his attitude, to which he responded "What attitude?", WITH that same rude attitude. No apology, no attempt to explain himself, no attempt to keep a potential regular. So no business from me.笑
Ehh...nothing special, the guacamole tasted funny, service wasn't good either. The employees kept talking amongst themselves and barely paid any attention to me or any other customer. I'm staying with chipotle笑
I had very limited choices here in this plaza when my friend wanted to stop at El Pollo Loco (which I won't eat). It was that, Subway or Qdoba. 

Having had good experiences with Qdoba in Seattle/Bellevue, I figured I'd just give it a try. (I'm not much of a fan of Subway either, tbh.) 

I went in, walked up to the counter and waited... and waited more... About 5 minutes passed and I still haven't been served because the annoying employee is having social time with either a friend or obnoxious customer over at the register, babbling on and on about how he's in school and blahblahblah. 'Scuze me? A little service down here?

Of course, after a few minutes I gave the employee the patented Condi Rice "stink-eye", and I'm glad I did, because this place has a big ol' B grade for their health department grade. Ew.

I did an about face and walked right out, wishing the next guy in line luck with actually getting some service. 

I'd give 0 if I could, but +1 stars because the ignorant, incompetent employee's behavior caused me to notice the B grade, and realize that I probably don't want to be eating at this location.笑
The Chicken burrito was Amazing!!! I love the chips and Queso sauce.
I can't wait to go back until I have tried everything on the menu lol
LOVE this place!笑
The food is 4 star, service is 3 star. But you don't exactly go to a Qdoba for the service. The food is good, fresh tasting and every entree comes with free guacamole!

We like this place because if you're on the Qdoba mailing list you get BOGOs occasionally.  

I would recommend this place if you like chipole or similar type joints. It's classic Americanized Mexican food. 

I like the plain veggie bowls and tacos best. The chicken is mediocre and the steak a short step up from that.笑
Its basically the same as Chipotle, but better.  Better for two reasons: the frequent visitor card (chips&salsa for signing up, buy 10 burritos get 1 free) and the queso sauce.

I can't give it 5 stars because they (like chipotle) put rice in the burritos.  It tastes fine, but it's technically wrong.笑
I go between 3 and 4 stars for Qdoba.  Sometimes service is great; sometimes it stinks.  Sometimes the food is great; sometimes it stinks.  Sensing a theme here?  

If I leave this place alone for a while and come back I enjoy it immensely.  The food is good and fresh, albeit not authentic.  And sometimes you just crave this sort of thing.  I admit that when I'm in the mood for something like this I like Qdoba more than Chipotle.  On my last visit the service was quick and on point and the chicken tacos and three cheese queso hit the spot.  I think I'll give it some time before my next visit so I'll like it just as much!笑
I ordered the chicken burrito bowl which is typically my favorite. The chicken at this location was disgusting. It tasted burned and old. It ruined the flavor of all the other ingredients. When I asked for sour cream they used a squeeze bottle to put it on and it probably added up to less then a teaspoon of sour cream on my bowl. I always like Qdoba over Chipotle but now I feel like I won't go back.笑
This was my first time here, was on my way to subway and came across this place. I was surprisingly happy and I would have to say I enjoyed it a little more then chipotle.

The employees were super friendly and the place was very clean. Will most likely be back when I'm in the area.笑
I really like that Qdoba made the pick 2 menu...I always love a good quesadilla but I like their naked burrito too. Now I get to have both! I also like that the pick 2 options are smaller so it's a little bit better portion control vs a huge burrito. 
Qdoba is the same principle as other Mexican fast food such as Zaba's or  Chipolate.  Everything is made to order right in front of you.  Quick service.  Decent prices. Get the Qdoba Qcard when you go here.  You'll get a free meal after X-number of purchases. (I can't remember if they base it off of points or number of meals purchases...either way it's a good deal!)
The chips and queso and/or guacamole are always a good addition to a meal!
I used to go there when I lived in South Dakota.  I frequented it when I lived in Carson City.  And I still go to Qdoba in Las Vegas!笑
Delicious, fresh, filling. Multiple visits and no issues. Always good food, always so happy and full. Prefer them over Chipotle. Gotta get that queso!笑
Qdoba or not to Qdoba - that is the question here!

Looking for decent service and fresh food at a price that will not rock your wallet...then Qdoba is a good place to park yourself at. I have been here a couple of times and the service can be touch and go depending on who waits on you....but what is always good is the food. You can taste how fresh everything is in every bite.

Every time I go there I get the same thing : Mexican gumbo with pork and black beans. This is a definite comfort food. YUM! I have also had the cheese quesadila and the con queso - both were good.

Overall - it's a ok place to stop if you are not looking for top notch service with a smile and just want a bowl of warm gumbo to warm your spirit instead. Qdoba on your on risk.笑
Funny how 48 hours changes everything. I was going to write a review the other day based on how good there tacos were.  We came back today and had a really rude employee who didnt acknowledge us as she was preparing and charging us for the food. We were extremely pleasant to the employee Carmen who decided that she was just going to give us an attitude.  Even after we paid, my wife said thank you 5 times nicely without any response from this employee. Customer service is so important.  CARMEN refused to acknowledge us.  We felt a prejudice vibe from her.  Tried to call the number to voice our complaint but it just went to a private voicemail.  Left a message, no call back. My wife refused to eat her food and it upset her so much. I have never been ignored like this in my life and my wife and I didnt deserve this treatment笑
We came in on the 4th of July with a coupon for 'buy one, get one free' burrito. Can't pass that up! Make sure to sign up for their Rewards card. They frequently send out coupons, and when you buy so many burritos... you get one free! We have lucked into that little gem a few times :) 

We are pretty simple, we get the chicken burrito on a whole wheat tortilla, and brown rice. I love the black beans, my husband gets the pinto beans. He asks for about 3 ladles of the hottest salsa they have. Since we take these home, we ask for sour cream on the side so that we can microwave these to make sure they are really hot. 

We have always received great service with a smile here.笑
My review is solely based on the nachos which are the bomb diggity bomb. This place is exactly as my bestie described it. Sort of like Chipotle, but better, much better. 

The few times I've had the nachos they were just great. I have tried the shredded beef, the pulled pork and the lime chicken which were all in my opinion properly seasoned and fresh. So were all the toppings. All of the toppings are great, yes ALL of them. Yes, I have tried them all. Nope, no shame. The spicy cheese is to die for, ask them to spread it all over erryting!

It really boils down to taste. If you're open minded like me... stop in, and try it, try it all. Not all at once, but little by little until you hit your sweet spot. The customer service is great. They greet customers the second they walk in thru the doors.  I've always taken my orders to go. The place looks very clean and organized. 

Tip: If you are a beer lover like me, get yourself some cold ice beers before you go grab yourself some nachos, you're welcome.笑
Very good burritos,huge,good taste and price... Very clean..I also liked the soda machine!笑
Our first time here. The two staff were very helpful. We are on weightwatchers and were able to pick and choose what we wanted to eat. All the meats were lean. It was great and tasted very good. We will be going back.笑
We enjoyed the Mexican Salad, Wrapped Burritos, and a variety of Tacos. The Pork used in the Mexican Salad was superb! Each of the items ordered were prepared exactly as requested.
Our family having owned various themed restaurants around the United States perhaps gives us better insight into what is quality in ingredients, preparation, and service compared to Las Vegas customers. It  is interesting that in the Las Vegas Valley, the number of restaurants that serve 'Entrees' with quality ingredients,properly prepared to order AT ATTRACTIVE PRICES are few and far between. As to  Mexican, and other themed, Cafes/ Restaurants in the Las Vegas Valley, other than Qdoba, one might say: "Lo Siento Mucho".
Maintained quality of food and service will bring repeat customers.笑
Going to Walmart, I've passed by this place many times, so I finally decided to try them out. It's sort of cafeteria style, with food sitting in hot plates or broths, so it's not fresh or really even authentic Mexican food. I wasn't impressed. The pull-pork came out of this broth that seemed days old. Now that I know, I'll just stick with Faustos Mexican food, which is practically across the street.笑
Good fresh and fast Mexican food. Trendy vibe. Had the three tacos and it was very filling. My teen had the pulled beef grilled quesadilla and it was also very filling. Not far off the 215/n Stephanie so it's an easy stop on the way to/from airport and a lot better than the regular fast food fare.笑
I would have to consider myself a regular at Qdoba. Never once have I left this restaurant hungry and or dissatisfied. Quality ingredients is what makes this place so spectacular. I've tried a variety of things on their menu and I can say that I have never once been disappointed. The staff is also very nice. They act like sentient beings and can carry out a conversation, rather than acting like robots which occurs at other fast food joints.笑
Terrible service, skimp on the meat.  DO NOT GO TO THIS LOCATION.  They won't even give you the full spoon of meat.  They treat you like a second tier customer when you try to use the coupon they email you.  

STAY AWAY FROM THIS LOCATION笑
I give this restaurant 1 star the food is good but the employee that serves the food are some cheap ass people especially this young black girl everything they put is little of it especially the chicken not even a full scoop she fills it up than only puts half of it and puts the rest back that's why I love Chipotle some location there are cheap people everywhere you go I wasn't even full a little after eating here
This is Last time coming here I'm very disappointed and it's more expensive than Chipotle.. Chipotle is the place to go at least I get full over there笑
Similar to Cafe Rio, Zaba's, Chipotle, etc.. Good quality food; I've tried their burritos, salads, and (personal fave) Mexican gumbo. They send out BOGO coupons once a month or so, and prices are reasonable. Only issue is the service- they've messed up my online order almost every single time, and have even messed up on my in store orders too.笑
My fiancée and I love this place! The staff is very generous and the girl that works nights is always extra friendly!笑
I ate here a while back and forgot to post my review because usually im too busy drinking...but this food is great.fast service,the meat is cooked just right.I ordered the big ass steak burrito loaded with everything but the kitchen sink and it rocked.They really do know how to make great mexican food.I'm actually contemplating now if I should go grab a burrito quick since I live like a minute away ...:)笑
This is exactly like chipotle, well not exactly, but it's very close. I'm a huge fan of burrito bowls and the ones at Qdoba were pretty good. One thing that I do like about this franchise over Chipotle is that the ingredients taste like they have less sodium, which is very good from a health perspective!笑
I was shopping nearby and spotted this Qdoba. I had never been to one before so I decided to give it a try.

To sum up the look, feel, and menu of the restaurant, all I need to say is think Chipotle. If you've ever been to a Chipotle then you've been here. 

The menu is also 90% identical to Chipotle, just named a little different.

Since I love the steak fajita burrito at Chipotle, I decided to get the same thing here. It wasn't hard- you order exactly the same way and direct the worker to add what you want (exactly the same ingredients available too).

So I got my carbon copy burrito and unfortunately the taste was the only thing different. The steak in the Qdoba was not seasoned- it was just steak. I'll admit it was good steak, but in a burrito, I want seasoned meat. The burrito was a bit bland IMO.

So to sum up, I found Qdoba to be a near perfect copy of Chipotle- except for the lack of flavor.

Only 2 stars for being copy-cats.笑
Delicious and I think they give you a lot of bang for your buck! The concept of this place is like chipotle but I feel like they give you a bit more food. I like that you can choose between a burrito, bowl or nachos and you can build up upon it.

After my workout before a softball game, I was STARVINGGGG so I wanted something clean but filling and we happened to drive by and it only made sense since everything else was greasy fried food. I got the bowl with white rice, tequila lime chicken, all the veggies, pinto beans and no sauce and it totally hit the spot for $7.80. Not a bad price at all and they loaded up my bowl with food.

I feel like if you're on a budget, eating here would be a good choice as the bowls and burritos are good for 2 meals or 2 people. Definitely fresh food, the chicken was nice and juicy and the veggies were nice and crisp. 

Staff were very kind and got the food out quickly and efficiently. All in all, I will be coming back to this restaurant when I'm on this side of town!笑
Not super awesome. My wife's sour cream tasted like old cheese and her quesadilla had some sort of protoplasm in it.  Super not cool笑
I love this place as I'm a fan of mexican grills and this place easily contends with Chipotle and Zaba's. The meat is very good and my favorite aspect of the resteraunt is the various choices to pack your bowl. Chipotle, though very good, has barely any toppings for your bowls/burritos. You can be very creative with your bowls at Qdoba- and GUAC IS NOT EXTRA! It's a tad pricey, a steak bowl/burrito and a large drink coming above $10. If you get a Qdoba member card, you rack up points and get a free bowl after 10 purchases. Carlos always helps me and he's a very chill guy who's generous with the scoops of meat- unlike Chipotle. I go here very often and it surprises me that the lines aren't as long as other mexican grills.笑
This is a great location (and one of the only ones I've been able to find in Vegas). The staff is always friendly and it's never been super busy when I've visited--been about 10 times total, some lunch and some dinner. I love that you get free queso--something no other burrito place seems to want to do. Also, they don't advertise it but they have free wifi. So if you work from home like me and you're tired of having to go to a coffee shop every time you want to co-work, you can do a working lunch/dinner here. It's nice and quiet (and delicious).

TIP- If you're like me and get things like the Double Decker Taco or Cheesy Gordita Crunch from Taco Bell because they have that softness with a crunch, next time you get a burrito from Qdoba ask them to add tortilla strips. It's the perfect add-on for crunchaholics like us ;)笑
The food is always excellent!! I love the chips and Queso sauce !! They have one of those fantasy drink machines that you pretty much can pick any soda possible! If you join their club they send you specials in your email and all you have to do is show them your phone to get the discount!! Yummy food and discounts are my fave!!