I just tried this place for the first time the other day. The inside might not look the greatest, with only about 5 tables,  but they make up for it with the food. My friend and myself both got bubble teas, the Taro and Green tea, the Taro was delicious and you can't mess up green tea. We got the potstickers which were very light and garnished with fresh cilantro and peanuts and came with a ginger sauce (they didn't last long). We both ordered the Pad Thai and it was excellent, everything was fresh and very light. They also offer Shanghai STREET food option which I will be trying next.  The staff is very pleasant and willing to answer any questions.Ǿ
Very good Thai food. Came with a small group early Friday night. The food came out pretty quickly and service was good. Portions are on the smaller size, one entree is definitely not enough. We shared 5-6 dishes among four of us and we could've eaten more. Thai tea was good, I really liked the northeastern sausages and roast duck noodle soup.Ǿ
All of the dishes that we've tried here have been really solid. Lavendar bubble tea is amazing!Ǿ
Pad Kee Mao, kra praow, and pad Thai were all fantastic. Super flavorful and the portions are perfect for the price. This will be our new Thai place after going through four others in and around Lakewood and RR. The kra praow is a hot basil dish, we had it with chicken, which is minced and full of flavor. The noodles in the Kee Mao were saturated with the delicious sauce-first place around here that hasn't given me dried, sticky, undercooked noodles. Highly recommend both dishes. The pad Thai was also really good. Perfectly cooked noodles and excellent flavor with the lime squeezed for a little extra juice.Ǿ
Outstanding customer service but most importantly delicious food made to order!!!! Just returned from Thailand and this place is legit! strongly recommend this place... The unfortunate part is that it's over 2K miles from my home!
We had the spicy Tom Yum soup with shrimp, red curry with chicken, pad see ewe  and shrimp fried rice... All delicious!Ǿ
My biggest gripe about Thai restaurants is that the food is always good. It's never great, and every one is pretty much the same as the rest. 

Dare I say, this is not the case with Thai Thai. 

Thai Thai claims to specialize in Thai "street food" ... I can't vouch for whether that's true, but what I can tell you is that the food here actually uses different flavor combinations than every other Thai restaurant you've ever been to. I ordered one of their noodle dishes and was so pleasantly surprised by how crunchy and fresh the vegetables were and how soft and chewy the noodles are (I was later informed that they only use fresh noodles... yes!) If I had a complaint, it would be that it wasn't spicy enough despite the fact that the menu indicated it was one of the spiciest options, but I think you could request more spicy if you preferred. 

You can't miss their appetizers and drinks as well. I was disappointed that they use powder to make their bubble tea, but I found the lavender tea to actually be pretty good and not overly sweet. The northeast sausage appetizer tasted really homemade in the best possible way. 

Most of all though, this place has such a welcoming and chill vibe, my server Kiwi was one of the sweetest people. You can definitely tell this place is family owned and they are very passionate about the product they serve. I am so glad this place opened in such a prominent area on Madison and I can't wait to return, whether it be for eat-in or carry-out.Ǿ
2nd time trying out Thai Thai. Ordered Pad Thai both times, 1st time I ordered it was "ok" but not hot whatsoever. This time I ordered it "spicy" and, that, it was.   I got it with the tofu and was not disappointed. It's not my favorite place to order Pad Thai from but it's good nonetheless. The green curry is solid... It doesn't come with much rice though.. My tips 
~ order to go (I don't think they gave AC)
~ ask for extra rice to go with curry
~ request Pad Thai "spicy" if you like any heat to your plate.Ǿ
Awesome bubble tea.  Great menu.  Fast service.  Nice relaxed atmosphere.  Needed a place like this in CLE.Ǿ
Authentic Thai street food here in a no frills cafe feel atmosphere with a  super happy and friendly owner ready to serve with smile.  The food is always consistent.  A must go to if you are into Asian cuisine.  Thai coffee is a nice treat.  You'll see things here on the menu you will not see in other Thai restairants.Ǿ
Thai food lover - not overly impressed. I had noticed the 4.5 star rating a few weeks ago and had been dying to try Thai Thai out. I was seated and brought a water very quickly. The service was very good. The place is small with maybe 4-5 tables. I ordered tom yum with shrimp and green curry with chicken. Nothing I had was "fresh" besides the cilantro garnish on the Tom yum. The green curries chicken had the texture of slimy take out Chinese food and didn't have any bamboo. It's seems like they cut a lot of corners. The flavor and experience as a whole were ok but put next to comparable places in the area I don't understand the hype. I don't understand why this has a "$" when other places in Cleveland have"$$". Every Thai place in Cleveland has $12 dishes. I would probably go back if I lived around the corner but I won't be going out of my way to go back to Thai Thai. A for service, C for good quality.Ǿ
I went here one Monday evening with a girlfriend of mine, we both are enthusiasts of Thai food, and both  have husbands who can't stand it. So we left them home! We shared egg rolls and spring rolls, both of which were delicious. She had the pad thai, and I had a spicy noodle dish that they claim on the menu is great for hangovers. Sorry, I forget the name. While I wasn't hung over, I had had a headache since the very early morning hours on Monday and was almost going to cancel on my friend. Within 30 minutes of eating that dish, I felt fantastic!  Could have been a coincidence, but maybe it really is a healer! I was sick last week, and I craved that dish again in the hopes I would feel better, but alas, Lakewood is a bit of a haul for me when I'm under the weather. I look forward to going back again.Ǿ
Came here for boba, ordered the Thai tea flavor and was left feeling disappointed. First, when you walk in you'll notice it is not the cleanest of places but we tried to overlook that as we thought we would be pleased by our drinks. The pearls in my drink were scarce and a bit too soft. The drink was not blended very well at all so some chunks of ice were kind of large. The drink is also made with a premade syrup from a jug which was surprising as this is an authentic Thai restaurant. The taste was watered down, not delicious at all. Cute interior but definitely would not come back.Ǿ
Welcome to Madison Ave, Thai Thai!   I picked up lunch take-out today, and it's exceptional.  I ordered the Pad Kee Mao (only veggies, no tofu) and spring rolls.  The Pad Kee Mao is delicious, and definitely spicy.  The thick rice noodles are wonderful.  The spring rolls are also delightful -- 4 small rolls with a delicious sauce.

During lunch, street parking was no issue.  They did mention that they are considering delivery since evening parking can be a challenge.

The woman working today was lovely.  She even called me when the food was ready because she wanted to be sure that it was warm when I ate it :)Ǿ
Here for the first time with Friend Diane.  This is a Thai restaurant that is located in Lakewood, Ohio.  It does a great takeout Business !  It has only 5 small tables and a cute bar table with schools.   Very simple decor.  It's signature beverage is Bubble Tea.  Made with flavored tea and tapioca. I felt that the flavour was too artificial!  Sticky rice with mango that was delectable!Ǿ
I've got take out three times and every time the food has been great. Today despite closing at 6, they took my order and prepared it when I called as they closed just a little after 6. As always the food was great. This is a great establishment as both the food and service had been great. Thanks you Thai Thai!!Ǿ
This place is great I like the pot stickers, and pad Thai! Bubble tea, is on point nice staff I will definitely be going back!Ǿ
This place is amazing. Super quaint little gem. The potstickers are to die for. We've been a couple of times now and have sampled the menu and haven't found anything we don't like!Ǿ
I look forward to going back to try something else. I had the pad see eiw. As others have noted, it's a bit bland, but the veggies, egg, and chicken with the noodles and add your own siracha and it gets to the right level of yum. I also had the Tom Yum soup which was excellent. I would definitely have the soup again.Ǿ
Awesome. Was dying for pho and didn't feel like heading downtown. Someone suggested I go here for the street noodle soup. It's excellent similar to pho in style not in taste. But the flavor is great and they have every sauce you could imagine to dress it up. Simple yet awesome menu. Not a pretty place on the inside but it's the way it should be! Check it out!Ǿ
AsiaTown has a strong draw with many different options for Asian cuisine including Thai, Chinese, Korean and Vietnamese. Madison Avenue in Lakewood is turning into ThaiTown with the third and newest Thai restaurant opening up in the former Khiem's location, a block from Angelo's Pizza. I came here with a group of guys I have known since 9th grade for a wonderful family style meal. Each dish was enjoyable. The prices are right and a lot more affordable than the yuppie adjusted scale around my house in Tremont and Ohio City. I will continue making the quick drive out. It is well worth it. Like Lucero said it is only "That much further west."Ǿ
I ordered carry out twice. 1st time, I had pad Thai. It was okay, I prefer others. 2nd time I ordered Gai Yang, spring rolls, sticky rice. Gai Yang you get one stick for $5 it is marinated and an ok portion, ok flavor, I didn't want to eat it. The spring rolls you get 4 for $4.50, they're ok, the sauce that accompanies is sweet and spicy. The sticky rice was a brick of hard rice that I had to eat like bread, I wasn't expecting that, maybe that's how it's supposed to be? I want to love this place but I didn't. Next time I'll try the bubble tea but so far there are other Thai places very close by with better chicken on stick, spring rolls with more delicious dipping sauce and tastier Pad Thai.Ǿ
So glad we can finally get FRESH Pad Thai in Lakewood! Always super fast service and great value!!! 
Also get a bubble tea or sometimes they have specialty drinks on the weekends! 

Much !!!Ǿ
Been here twice and we've tried the pad kee mao, chicken noodle soup, duck noodle soup, and the chicken on a stick (possibly the best thing on the menu).

Everything's been delicious and the problem are super friendly.Ǿ
I love Thai food. I eat it frequently and when I find a great place, I just straight up give them all my money! (Ok. Not really. I have kids and stuff. But you get it.) THIS IS ONE OF THOSE PLACES! 
My old Thai joint is downtown and a pain to get to, but now that I have found Thai Thai, I don't have to worry about getting to Asia Town and back in rush hour. I only have to figure out parking near Angelo's. (Haha. Lakewoodians, you feel me, I know. )
So, we started with Pad Kee Mao and Pad See Ew and the Chicken Dumplings. Wonderful! We got the Kee Mao in medium and it was perfection. Not boil-off-my-face heat which was exactly what we wanted. My 3.5 year old and myself loved the See Ew and she ate 4 of the dumplings alone. 
Because now my husband and I want to sample the whole menu, tonight we got Massaman Curry with chicken, chicken and tofu Pad Thai and the crispy Spring Rolls. Again, wonderful! His Massaman was sweet and perfect and had that little bit of heat you love from Thai food. My Pad Thai was classic, though next time I might request more green onions! The chicken and tofu were cooked perfectly. My husband had the lavendar bubble tea and LOVED IT!
All in all, insanely satisfied with their food and looking very forward to trying the rest of the menu. Make sure to sample this place soon!Ǿ
Just great food. I wish there was more seating. I will eat here a lot, I can feel it.Ǿ
It's a small place, with a small menu, but very good food and hospitality. Nice atmosphere, definitely a step up from Khiem's which preceeded it in this location. The gai yang was delicious! I'll definitely be going back again,  regularly.Ǿ
I haven't tried a variety of Thai food before, but the price, quality, and customer service here is great!Ǿ
I'm all about legit street food and Thai Thai brings this to Cleveland!

Really though - the spiciness level is legit (and in my opinion, totally addicting). I'm sure you could ask to tone it down if it's not your thing. Or just train yourself to handle a little more each time. 

We have had the northeast sausage which is super comforting, the kha prow shrimp rice dish (spice level legit), yen Ta fo, or pink soup with seafood. One of my favorites is the seafood dish Yum Talay!

The decor is simple and laid back with a street food style feel! Love the brick walls and chalk board too. 

I can't wait to be done with classes so I can relax and enjoy myself at Thai Thai! They'll also be at the Asian festival, night market and a bunch of other food fests, so I'm looking forward to seeing them around!Ǿ
My boyfriend and I visited after Christmas because we wanted something fresh to eat that wasn't too heavy and the other yelp reviews said "we just had to try it". The food here is awesome! I will take everyone's word for it that it is just like street food in Thailand since I have never been. 

The service was a tad bit strange and we felt that the guy doing the front of house service was also helping to prep food because he seemed to be very busy and not around too much. Low and behold though his family used to own one of my family and I's favorite restaurants down in Florida where my grandmother used to live!! No wonder I love the food so much!

I ordered the Kra Proaw after most of the reviews said I should but I was a tad bit worried when I saw the 3 peppers to say that it was spicy. Just a tip, it is more like medium spice than hot. My boyfriend ordered the Pad See Eiw. Both dishes were awesome but I liked mine better only because I like the spiciness added to the dish. The sauce that is in the Kra Proaw is so delicious that I made sure to combine my rice with it. They give you so much food and I left happy, full and not feeling bloated. 

Most people get take-out here and we realized it's because they only have 5 tables. If you haven't been you really do need to listen to yelpers on this one and GO!Ǿ
I was excited to try this place based on the other reviews I saw.  The decor inside reminds me of other Thai places nearby but with a Pinterest flair-- chalkboard wall with whimsical writing, a variety of colorful teas in Mason jars and bright plastic chairs for diners.  Thai Thai is unique in that they are touting their "street food" style and offer a few unique menu items.  I tried the lavender milk bubble tea and I found it to be really good, however--disclaimer: I'm a bubble tea noob.  The Pad See Ew was fine but the Pad Kee Mao was notable (if you like spicy) and I would get this entree again. I'm regretting not trying the mango sticky rice so I'll definitely be back.

I agree that parking is a real pain.  I was lucky enough to snag one of the meters out front but I could foresee difficulty with this in the future.Ǿ
Oh, how I wanted to love you Thai Thai. I went a little crazy and decided to order the Pad Kee Mao, papaya salad, and mango sticky rice for my lunch. The Pad Kee Mao was good. Tasty but not "omg this is the best thing ever." I didn't find it spicy at all, but I ate the entire thing so clearly I liked it. I was mostly disappointed in the papaya salad. After all the raving reviews I was so excited to try it after first trying it in the streets of Chiang Mai. To me it was really bland and the papaya wasn't very crunchy. I barely ate any of it and was super upset I didn't love it. Last the mango and sticky rice. My mangoes were super dark, mushy, and stringy which kinda ruined it for me. The rice and coconut combo was great but I couldn't get over the texture of the mangoes. The man that took my order was very polite and the interior is gorgeous! 

I like this place better than the one down the street, but I'm still on the search for my Thai spot. Who knows, maybe being in Thailand ruined American Thai food for me forever.  Maybe I came on an off day- I will try again and hopefully have a better experience!Ǿ
Stopped in for lunch today. I ordered the Pad Thai. I am not an expert in Thai, Chinese, or Japanese food. I have noticed that pad thai has varied in recipe over the many places that I have tried it. Today's lunch was very enjoyable. I would not hesitate to order this dish again from Thai Thai. I look forward to trying other items from the menu. I noticed several dishes that specified basil and spicey. One of these will be my next meal there.Ǿ
Niche place that serves authenticity Thai food. Tried the delicious chocolate unicorn bubble tea topped with a donut. Tried their most popular item Kra Praow and it was delicious. Would strongly recommend it. I really liked the idea of a traditional hand written menu. Pot sticker and green curry were good too. Two thumps up for the attentive and quick service. Go for it!!Ǿ
This is a small storefront restaurant that I had higher expectations for and really hoped that we would like.  In the end, we found every dish was just - "meh!".  For takeout we ordered the following: thai egg rolls, tom yum soup, tom kha soup, pad thai (chicken), massaman curry (chicken) and kra praew (chicken) extra hot.

All the food was the same to us - just "meh" or just ok. Unfortunately not a single dish stood out in flavor. Ordered the kra praew extra hot and there was not the least bit of spice to it - very disappointing, especially when one says "thai hot, please".

You will see valid comments about finding parking, probably due to the fact that Angelo's Pizza patrons take up a good portion of what is available around there street-wise.

Overall no issues with the service and we thought the price was fair for what we received.  We just did not feel that those unique thai flavors or thai spices stood out on anything.

Would we go back - nope, I guess not.  We enjoyed the thai food from Brown Sugar or Cravings much better.Ǿ
Ordered hot tea, plain hot tea, all teas are pure sugar, same as tea from India,  regular green tea was advertised, and they had none, and did not change it on the board.

Ordered fresh rolls in rice paper, pass them by, made with bag salad verses fresh lettuce, no variety, iceberg lettuce verses any of the other varieties, lots of purple cabbage in the rolls, Thai receipt does not use red cabbage. 

Fried spring rolls were good, well prepared.

Pad kee Mao was good, well prepared, good quality.

Order the Larb chicken salad, was not good, used canned chicken verses fresh shredded. Boiled or baked. The Larb taste like cat food, pass it by. 

All in all, i could not recommend this restaurant for Thai. Head east a few blocks and go to the Thai Hut.  The Hut is closed on Monday's, that is why I rolled the dice and went to the Thai Thai. Bad news, if this is street food beware of street food....Ǿ
I was recommended this restaurant by a friend who lives in Lakewood, and hailed Thai Thai as one of the best Thai restaurants in the west side.

I can't say I've been to very many Thai restaurants on the west side, but Thai Thai definitely delivers top quality food.

I like that the restaurant lives up to its hype of delivering street food, having dishes such as Gai Yang and Yen Ta Fo. Most Thai restaurants around northeast Ohio mostly just do pad thai and various colored curries, so it was awesome to see a restaurant offer something different.

I was not hungry enough to get one of the numerous famed appetizers, instead opting for a Kra Praow with a Thai coffee. I had never tried Thai coffee before, so I wanted to give it a shot. It didn't particularly stand out to me - just a fairly sweet coffee. The Kra Praow, however, was solid. Very spicy, but that didn't stop me from finishing every last bite. The basil added a lot of depth to the dish, and the rice acted as just enough of a buffer to help me tolerate the spiciness.

Definitely a must try Lakewood restaurant.Ǿ
Lakewood has become quite the attraction for Thai restaurants. Must be something about Madison Avenue! 

Heard about this place via Facebook and decided to give it a try. I get very picky about Thai food as I grew up eating it in our household. 

Parking can be kind of tricky due to Angelos pizza being next door. Try parking on one of the side streets for better luck.

Walked in and the restaurant was very clean and open. It's pretty small and only had a few tables. There was bar seating.... Maybe for those eating individually? I would recommend maybe just adding more tables. We were able to grab a small table and pull up a chair for our son. 

Kiwi was promptly over to our table and asked if we had any questions. My go to is always Som Tum papaya salad and gai yang (chicken). If a Thai restaurant doesn't have that, I question their authenticity. My wife ordered green curry, mild. 

Our food came and I was extremely excited for my dish. The som Tum was very flavorful. It had the perfect amount of spiciness and the heat carried after you took some bites. The gai yang chicken served as a really nice compliment to the papaya salad. You can tell it was in a great marinade and prepared very well. If you've ever been to Bangkok and has street food, this is the combo you'll find. It tasted just like in the streets of BKK.

My wife really enjoyed her green curry. It looked like the portion amount was just right for her. I was too consumed in my dish that I forgot to try hers. 

We finished with some Thai Tea bubble tea. It could've been blended a bit more, but still really delicious. 

If authentic street food is what you are looking for, Thai Thai has it. It combines many of the street vendors you'll find in Bangkok into one spot right here in Lakewood!Ǿ
Very happy to be able to rate five stars for their first review! We stopped by the night after they opened, not quite sure what Bangkok street food would be. They have a small but varied selection of Thai favorites as well as a few more unusual dishes and many flavors of bubble tea. The woman who took our order was very friendly and welcoming, and made us feel at home. Service was quick as well - we had our food within about 10 minutes.

While we waited for the food, I had to try the taro bubble tea. Their version was especially delicious and very creamy. For dinner I got a few small dishes to try. For a starter I had the chicken coconut Tom Kha soup, which I've had dozens of different variations of. This was by far one of the best - fragrant, rich, and savory. My main course was Som Tam, a spicy, tart, and savory salad of shredded green papaya, tomatoes, beans, and peanuts. I asked for it to be made Thai hot and they did not disappoint! This is one of my favorite southeast Asian dishes but I rarely see it on the menu, so I had to try it. I'm glad I did - this was some of the best Som Tam I can recall having had the pleasure of trying. I finished up with the sticky rice and mango which could have used a little coconut sauce but otherwise was delicious and helped put out the fire left smoldering from my extra spicy Som Tam.

My dining partner got an appetizer of potstickers (which were delicious and clearly homemade), and an order of Larb, which is a "salad" of ground pork, lime, cilantro, and chili. It was incredibly fragrant, bright, and savory - refreshing  but hearty at the same time. I can't recall having had anything like this before, but I'm tempted to order it for myself next time.

Overall I was extremely pleased by this cute new place. The food was excellent, the prices were very reasonable, the service was quick and friendly, and I loved the bright, modern vibe. This is definitely a place I can see myself returning to regularly. Welcome to the neighborhood, THAI THAI!Ǿ
So so so good! The papaya salad is spicy but amazing!! The duck soup is also superb, and the portions are very large!Ǿ
Pretty good. I ordered the papaya salad along with a coconut soup and a lavender boba tea. 

The papaya salad was not bad. Hit the spot. I have had it better at other places. It had quite the kick, so be prepared if you're sensitive to spicy. 

The coconut soup was very good, the chicken was tender and spiced wonderfully.

The boba tea had a light flavor with these chewy, flavorless tapioca-like balls. Interesting. Fun to eat. I haven't had boba teas before, so I have nothing to compare them to. Constructive criticism: It would have been much more enjoyable if there was a little bit more flavor and sugar added. It seemed a little watered down and the ice was very chunky and overwhelming. Perhaps a better blender to pulverize the ice to a finer consistency.

As for atmosphere, it's a very cute little shop. I'm digging the chalkboard art. Too cute. I understand the restaurant is new and renovating/signage can be very expensive, but it would help bring people in tremendously. I had trouble finding the spot even with GPS. A catchy, large sign would be helpful. Inside of the restaurant could use new tables and chairs (as they are very old-fashioned like and diner-y). 

The service was great, quick, efficient and friendly. 

I love the concept. I would love to see this place thrive with a few adjustments.Ǿ
I was hemming and hawing to go with 3 or 4 stars. I ordered the pad Thai, the coconut soup, and a taro bubble tea. I loved the soup and the bubble tea! I like taro, but was super curious how it would work as basically a milk shake. Yum. The pad Thai was ok (hence the possible 3 star). It is entirely possible that I have never had an authentic version, but I was surprised it was so pale in color. I ordered very spicy so the spice was ok (could've used more!) and it wasn't that sweet or peanutty. Again, I can only compare it to my current favs (old Mekong River in Cleveland heights and Pad Thai in Fairlawn) and current take out places (Pink Elephant and Banana Blossom). 

Separate side note. They were SO NICE there. I literally looked like a homeless person picking up my takeout bc I was so sick and it was when it snowed like crazy last weekend (hence the cold shake, hot soup, spicy stuff to clear the sinus). Not that you should judge people on appearance, but some do and they were the friendliest ever.Ǿ
Really good food at an authentic spice level. The green papaya salad was great, as was the larb. I will definitely be back. 

The parking was a little difficult but you should be able to find something along nearby side streets.Ǿ
Nice place- I've been here twice, once with The WIfe and once with the family.  It feels like a mom and pop kind of place.  Enjoy the chalk board menu but they really should consider putting the prices on it.  

Some things are really really good.  Pad Kee Mao- authentic, spicy and delicious. Loved it.  We were fighting for the scraps of it.  Maybe next time we'll get two.  Enjoyed both curries we tried.  A little bit skimpy on the rice- I'd encourage them to give more of it with the meals.  Mango rice for dessert- delicious and authentic.  Kinda bummed that it wasn't arranged like a rose like in the pictures that have been posted on Yelp.  Ordered it twice and neither time did it come like this.

Papaya salad was delicious.  Duck soup- wonderful.  This would stand on its own as a great dish.

Less good things?  We really didn't go for the pink soup.  Sorry, its probably very authentic but it was too sweet for my tastes.  Pad See Yeu was ok- very Chinese tasting.  It was fine, but the Pad Kee Mao was so dang delicious, it just felt like it was a waste of calories.  Larb was OK.  Don't know if I'd order it again- I've had better.  Also wasn't a huge fan of the Kra Prao either.  Bubble tea was made from a powder and tasted like it.  Some boba were too soft, others were too hard.  They didn't have the Thai Tea that I ordered :(.

They didn't have a infant/booster seat, which was surprising- hopefully they get one soon.  The waitress was friendly and polite.  I'll definitely be coming back- probably the best Thai food overall that I have had to Cleveland.  Hopefully once they get some of their growing pains figured out, it'll be easier to upgrade to 5 stars.Ǿ
The duck noodle was off the chain!  I saved some broth and asked for a second order of just noodles on my way out.  It was almost as good as leftovers :).Ǿ
Was very good and affordable! Did  takeout Pad Thai and spring rolls on a Friday night and it seemed like it would have been super easy to get a table. Though parking is a bit of a nightmare around there.Ǿ
Very flavorful food, ive only had the pleasure of the Tom Yum Soup. It happens to be the best ive had to date. Definitely compares to that of TH. The Larb was also bursting with flavors of all sorts. 
Kiwi was very polite and made me aware they are the former owners of Asian Grill on Clifton Blvd. 
I will definitely be back to try more items on the menu, until then.... Check it out for yourself!Ǿ
Pad kee Mao is spicy and a standout. Notably less sweet dishes here than most Thai places, which is great. Always have a great friendly experience with owners/staff.Ǿ
Stopped in for a pre-Valentines Day lunch. Really enjoyed the excellent service. 
We split the Yum Talay. Very tasty, advertised as spicy but it was not bad. 
I had the Roasted Duck Noodle Soup. Very hearty, lots of Duck, noodles and vegys. Outstanding. I added a few scoops of their homemade hot sauce!
My wife had the Chicken Kra Praow with rice. Great portion, full of flavor and medium spice was perfect.
Excellent lunch. Enjoyed the staff and the meal. 

Come in hungry, leave satisfied and having new friends.Ǿ
I enjoyed the food here.  I think for the ambiance and portions though the food is overpriced.  I prefer Peppermint Thai but its on the east side of town.   The Basil noodles with chicken were flavorful and so was the massaman curry but for 12-14$ a dish I'd expect a better ambiance and bigger portion size.  However, if you are in Lakewood, and craving Thai food, this is still a decent place to go.  The staff is nice.  They also serve bubble tea.Ǿ
I was so disappointed. I love Thai Thai for so many reasons --their food is lovely and wonderful and their vibe is cool and different. This changed when I placed an order the other day, Saturday. My friends and I called for pick up around 6:15. We were told our food would be ready in 20 minutes. We waited 20 and then walked to Thai Thai. We entered and we're told our food wasn't ready yet. No apologizes. No please sit down. No nothing. They were not busy. Other people who had ordered after us came and left. They simply forgot to put our order in, but we received no apology. An hour after ordering, at 7:20, our food was ready. I asked if anything could be done and the girl at the counter complained about how she was the only one working and how they were "slammed" (they weren't). She said they simply lost our order in the shuffle. Again, no apology and I asked if anything could be done, as we had to wait an hour for our food. She said "no." I was shocked. I work in customer service and would have tried everything in my power at that point to make the customer happy, simply apologizing would have been nice. Sadly, I won't be supporting this business anymore because of one rude chick. Luckily,  there's other wonderful Thai restaurants in Lakewood. Just bummed and hope no other customers have to deal with this rude customer service.Ǿ
Good Thai food! Had the green curry and drunken noodles. Both were delicious. The mango bubble tea was good too. The restaurant seems simple with a solid short menu. Want to try the papaya salad next time.Ǿ
Can't wait to go back! We had a flavorful chicken green curry and also their chicken pad Thai. Reasonable prices. Only did carryout and wouldn't recommend eating there until cooler months as it is very HOT in the restaurant.Ǿ
Service was super quick and the food was amazing, also the price wasn't too bad. Definitely recommend for takeout.Ǿ
This place is amazing.  The food is amazing.  The owners are amazing, they are some of the nicest and friendliest people you could want to meet.  There were awesome at their old location on Clifton (Asian Grille) and they are awesome at the new location, too.  Don't forget to try the bubble tea!Ǿ
I knew I loved Thai food. I didn't know I loved Thai street food. It's new(for me at least)and dare I say it, it's better than any Thai food I've had before. I'm never disappointed. The Pad Thai can't be beat but don't miss the Kra Prow or Pad Kee Mao.Ǿ
I've actually been to Thailand so when I was having a craving for some authentic Thai food I was happy to find out there was a new restaurant in town with glowing reviews! I stopped in one evening to try a few things:

Massaman Curry: A mild sweet curry with a hint of cinnamon and nutmeg - one of my favorite curries! 
Pad Thai: They let me get this with pork and while the pork had some fatty bits to it, I still enjoyed this meal. Simple yet full of flavor. 
Som Tum Thai: Green papaya salad that was way too spicy for me. But I am sure they can tone that down if you ask. 

The woman who took my order was friendly and said she is originally from Bangkok. No bells and whistles inside, very simple with what looked like a little Thai shrine in the back to appease the spirits and some colorful framed photos for decoration. I would go here again!


**Authentic defined: "made or done in the traditional or original way, or in a way that faithfully resembles an original". When speaking about authentic food, even though there can be variations of a dish in its place of origin, most would agree that there are staple ingredients that follow the original recipe - like fish sauce, tamarind, palm sugar, lime wedges, rice noodles, red pepper, powdered dried shrimp, and often peanuts for pad Thai. So when you've had this dish several times in Thailand you come to expect certain smells, textures, and a balance of certain flavors, because really, this dish is not that varied in taste beside different veggies and meats added to it. Finding that back in the US (or something very close to it) is pretty great and would be considered an authentic dish since it closely resembles the way that dish is generally prepared in Thailand. 

Another example would be slapping tomatoes and pickles on a hot dog and calling it Chicago style. Nope. Some dishes have standards and hearing a place is authentic gives a person a better idea of what to expect if they have had the original, the real deal, the dish that started it all.Ǿ
Thai street foods..this is the real taste of Thailand..everything is authentic that make you feel like eating Thai foods in Thailand!Ǿ
I came here yesterday because of the great reviews. I definitely will not be returning. The taste of the food overall was just eh. The reason I'm giving it two stars is because I was almost given the wrong food, which okay the girl seemed kind of busy so it didn't bother me, but when I went home I realized I was overcharged! I ordered red curry with an order of spring rolls. That should have only been $13.50 and instead I paid $16. Then I realized I got 4 spring rolls instead of two. So I'm confused as to why that happened. The flavor of the curry was good, but the texture was so watery. I've definitely have had better in the past. The spring rolls weren't that great either. The sauce that came with it was good. The girl at the counter seemed nice but it just wasn't a good experience.Ǿ
Two stars for the bubble teas. 

I came to this place for some bubble teas during my short visit to Ohio. I arrived around 4 p.m. on a Saturday and there was no one at the restaurant except the cashier. Upon ordering the jasmin and green tea bubble teas, he took the powders sitting at the counter and went to the back to make the teas. It's hard to find bubble tea shops that don't use powder, but my search continues.

The teas were okay. They were blended in ice so they were a bit like slurshies. The flavor of the teas were diluted. The bubbles were a disappointment as well. Very diluted texture, no firmness at all, which means either the bunbles have been sitting out too long, or they overcooked them. 

Well, at least it got my bubble tea craving fixed temporarily.