The free appetizer tasted pretty good. But everything else was so-so. The scallops were okay and the sausage and pork belly dish was fine. The seafood paella was not impressive though. I personally would not re-visit in the short future. Despite the food quality, the atmosphere is not bad for a drink or 2, but for the price you pay, you could have better options. Our server was quite friendly as well.笑
Still gets 5 stars, 10 if I could. LOVE their food. I absolutely pig out there. I got a glass of cava on the last visit, but the next time, that Sangria will be mine!笑
This place has just opened few months ago and they are still experimenting with the menu. I've tried a few tapas and loved the ceviche and mini lasagnette-thing. Was not a huge fan of the deep-fried variety though - it needs to get improved in a flavour department. 

The rose sangria however was my absolute favourite! So refreshing with slices of cucumber and watermelon! Absolutely delicious on a hot summer day! 

Barsa's patio is quite nice - it was especially fun during the World Cup games when they had two TVs outside. 

The inside decor is absolutely lovely - I can see it being a cute cozy date spot during the colder months. 

Service was pleasant and speedy - no complains here.

I believe this place has a lot of potential. Looking forward to the menu improvements.笑
My husband and I went to Barsa for a late dinner thinking Spanish tapas would be perfect to share. We ordered the chef's selection. The food was mediocre at best. One of the dishes was mussels with angel hair pasta. It was so bad we could not eat it. We complained to the waitress and were offered one (yes "one") glass of white white wine to compensate. She told us we could split it. 

We are residents of the neighbourhood and were anxiously waiting for this restaurant to open. Needless to say we are very disappointed and will not be returning. 

The decor is nice and service decent,now work on the food.笑
I waited until I'd eaten here twice before writing a review. I was underwhelmed the first time I ate at Barsa but thought it may have been because I was with a large group. 

The decor is beautiful. Exposed brick walls and wooden ceiling beams. One wall is lit up like a bright mural and the space is bright for being essentially under ground. The ambient music was at a reasonable level and allowed for conversation. 

I had the pisco sour while waiting for my friends and a Tempranillo with my dinner. The cocktail was a little sweeter than I'd expected. 

I found the food disappointing both times I was there. The value for the price was also lacking. We ordered the market paella which was prawns, mussels and escargot with mushrooms for $46. There were only two prawns, a handful of escargot and 5 mussels with a few small chunks of chorizo. The rest was rice and a bunch of potatoes. The potatoes were sweet which tasted out of place. It was the most disappointing $46 I've spent on a meal in awhile. We also had the potatas bravas which were ok and the mixed olives. The kitchen is pretty heavy handed with the salt - my hands and feet were so swollen that I had to move the ring from my middle finger to my ring finger and it was still tight enough to indent. 

The service was friendly and food was served with a reasonable wait.笑
I happen to like the decor so it didn't bother me like it did other reviewers (although I can see how it isn't for every taste). The issue I have with this place is the watered down sangria and the way overpriced tapas (the plates had more to say than the food on them). And why are there so many waiting staff if we were the only people inside? (Lots of people on the patio drinking sangria though.)笑
The interior looks very quaint like a traditional tapas bar in Barcelona. Food selection is great has a variety of combination. The chorizo platter with chicharon is very delicious. The Savory Churro filled with manchego cheese filling is unexpected and was not even on the menu but we had it for menu tasting and a must try.  Paella is well presented , mouth watering and authentic as you can get. Server is also friendly and Service is fast considering that it's a weekend. It's like going to Barcelona without leaving Toronto.笑
Excellent service, authentic Iberian cuisine. Would recommend for anyone missing or wanting a taste of Barça.笑
Food was very good. We went with the Seafood Paella and a couple of small plates which featured about a dozen mussels, a few clams, and about 8-10 prawns, in a giant dish of rice, for $55. The olives were also good, at $5, and the cheese plate at $7 was interesting.

Service was excellent. The sangria at $24 for a 1/2 pitcher was excellent.

The lack of starts value for money. You are not getting over the top food, and you are not getting alot of fish for the money. And the restaurant does not have the super-hipness to charge the prices that they do. I would add some scallops or salmon to the mix and increase the fish quantity by about 25% or so to make it truly satisfying for the price, or keep the quantity the same and lower the price to $49.笑
I gave the restaurant 5 stars because of the whole experience.  I organized a birthday and had about 20 people invited. I dealt with Jamie the manager who was very lovely throughout our planning and dinning.  

Barsa already had various menu options for groups of this size and yet Jamie was flexible and accommodating to my wishlist and agreed to any changes I asked for. 

While planning, we also had the option of where we wanted to sit and when I left it to Jamie, I was very pleased that the perfect long table for all of us was given to us.  All within budget!

The food was generous, very tasty and I am very much looking forward to eating the leftovers today. Yum!

All staff were friendly, cheerful and patient.  

I am not thinking of having all my various group events at Barsa Taberna and I think you should too. :)笑
Paella expensive.  Crispy sea bass awesome and good price. Had to tell staff to put toilet paper in bathrooms. Crystal was amazing ask for her when you come. Overall great experience.笑
Teetering down the steep Market Street hill on my way down from Front I am warmly greeted by the pelt-clad Cheryl Willberg, one of the publicists from the newly created Publicist Group who are hosting the event. I am ushered down the stone steps to what feels very much like a castle wine cellar. My first impression: this is a happening place. The feel is warm yet electric with the Flamenco guitarist strumming away, guests laugh and talk while the bartenders make bottomless pitchers of three kinds of sangria my favourite!
It would have been nice if the evening was so hot that it required much Sangria-ment, but all seemed to be enjoying the imbibables and beer despite the crisp fall air.
Upon entering, the first thing one notices is the intricate stonework that was meticulously maintained during the month long renovation. The space has had numerous uses including a horse stable for the RCMP, and a wine storage cellar for the LCBO located directly above. It was also mentioned some homeless people swear the space is haunted!
The rooms are full of character: original stone mason walls, set in a Toronto historical building. Glass bottles to reference the sharp bottles home owners used on the tops of their fences to keep intruders away. The lighting over the bar are little Toro horns with bulbs. There is also outside patio seating on Market Street which would provide a nice people watching vista.
Drinks:
Sangria Cava - was a light sparkling wine concoction mixed with raspberries and mango. While refreshing, the taste was eclipsed by the effervescence.
Sangria Rojo - This was my favourite! A mix of deep Rioja red wine, strawberries and peach schnapps, this was at once sweet, yet full bodied which hits all the right notes with me.
Food:
Grilled Octopus - beautifully presented, but tasted a bit salty.
Cheese Boccadillo - Idiazabal and Mahon cheese, green olive hazelnut tapenade grilled on a buttered bread = delicious adult grilled cheese. Tasty!
Chorizo Croquettas - this was one of my favourites. The milky cheese inside the toasted croquettas was perfectly melted then dunk into a white dipping sauce.
Manchego Churros - these cheesy, salty little cheese sticks were a party favourite. Comprised of a medium tang cheese, one dips into a tomato paste and enjoys.
Dungeoness Crab Lettuce Wrap - these were by far my favourites they absolutely melted in my mouth!  Delicious coral mayo, crab with tempura bits, tarragon, topped with lobster.
The co-owner, Aras Azadian, stood up halfway through the party to explain his long desire to bring Barcelona to Toronto then wrapped up inviting all the guests to get drunk! The head chef, Michael Smith, also said a few words then got back to the kitchen to put the finishing touches on some tiny little sangria cakes topped with grapes and berries for dessert.
With Barsa Taberna's enviable location in the heart of the St. Lawrence Market, the fantastic patio and character-laden interior mixed with the delicious tapas and sangria this restaurant promises to be the next Toronto hot spot.笑
Great service and 50% off sangria on Tuesdays! I've tried the Rosado which is more popular doing Summer (comes with watermelon chunks) and the Cava which is more traditional and loved them both. Their drink went down like juice but I couldn't walk straight when I got up to leave. 

My girlfriend and I eat very little at dinner. They were also very accommodating in making a gogantic paella into a half order (which is only available on the lunch menu). Will come again to taste the other 2 sangrias on their menu.笑
We stumbled upon Barsa during our short visit to Toronto. It was conviently located near the famous St. Lawrence market. I loved the place! The design was very cool and stylish, it really reminded me of a trendy spot in NYC. The Sangria or Sangria Menu was incredible; we tried all of them including the new gourmet one for the month of September. I loved how the chefs work with the bar to create a new one each month! The food was very inventive and interesting, every dish had a mixture of so many flavors and cultures. We ordered the chefs tasting and it was quite exciting to wait and see what may be coming next. I would recommend this place to anyone who loves good food and can think outside of the box, of course it's not a fast food restaurant! You will really enjoy the whole experience, we sure did!笑
Went there on the Easter Sunday. I have to say this is a neat place! It's tucked away opposite of the St. Lawrence Market, and when you walk in you'll immediately be immersed in a different place. It used to be the cellar of the LCBO upstairs, so the decor is very cool. We ordered the seafood paella, roasted pork shoulders with an assortment of beans, plus it was 5 dollar mimosa day, so i got one. The service was great and food was refreshing. Everything combined together made this place great for conversations! I would go back again!笑
I'm surprised by some of the reviews.

I've had the pleasure of visiting this restaurant a few times in the past few weeks since it opened about a month ago. 

I loved the atmosphere it really brings out the beauty of Spain and it's fine dishes, but also keeping it trendy and super classy. 

My first visit was with my boyfriend we decided to go in and have a few small dishes before the baseball game. 

We we're greeted by a friendly hostess who immediately sat us in a cute little romantic corner and told us our waitress (her name was Star) would be with us shortly. Her knowledge of the menu and drinks were impeccable. She recommended the sangria with infused mangos and berries OMG it was to die for. I picked every single fruit out and ate it. They were perfect. 

We ordered a variety of hot and cold tappas. Started off with the beef tartar which was seasoned perfectly, the mussels and angel hair  creamy and delicious MY FAV!!! , I ordered it two more times throughout our stay and the grilled octopus. All of the dishes were amazing perfectly cooked and presented. 

The managers were circling the restaurant introducing themselves and making sure everyone was having a pleasant time. Great customer service. 

They two times I went after that, it was the same so I won't bore you with the rest. 

It's a nice new spot in T.O. Definitely will be going back and bringing more friends.笑
We had the rose sangria - it was phenomenal. Unfortunately this is the only thing that will draw me back again to this place. We ordered an antipasto platter - I expected a variety of things; instead we got a whole lotta meat and some dry bread. We had to ask for olive oil to accompany our very dry bread. The wait for the sangria was very long - waitress came out after a long time and told us the bartender had gone on a break - lol!! I hope they get their act together. I'd like to see them do well and again - incredible sangria. Just not enough yet to do the trick.笑
Been there twice. It's a nice tapas place which serves not strictly Spanish tapas. First time did the 6 tapas for$60 chef selection.  Tonight with a bigger group we did the whole Shishang (all the tapas for $210). If you are looking for quantity it's not the place to be. But the quality is good. I like everything I have tried. The fried potato cubes, paella balls, beef tartar and cheviche are all good. Beef ribs are tender. Sangria is also delicious.  Staff is friendly.  I didn't leave hungry either time but if you are still growing may not be able to satisfy.笑
I stopped by here for a quick bite and had an overall good experience. The service was fast and friendly. I tried Grilled Octopus with curry sauce and cheek peas, it was good. I have also tried Patatas Bravas which was just ok, nothing special. The best part was Chorizo Tasting which was a chorizo board with 4 types of house-made sausages. Also they have a good selection of wines and cocktails.笑
Greeted very nicely and seated in a nice place, went over whole menu and waiters started to ignore us just passing for at least 6 times. 7 minutes wait . Left telling the host with no excuse whatsoever.笑
Love this place! The food is really yummy, the Sangrias are amazing - best I ever had, and the restaurant is beautiful! Love the atmosphere for a date or a get together with friends!! Service is top notch too!!笑
I was pleasantly surprised by my visit here.  I didn't know anything about this restaurant before coming here other than the Spanish Tapas offerings.

We arrived on a Friday evening for dinner where we opted for the $120 chef's selection of 12 dishes, which was more than enough for 3 people.

We started off with caesars which were pretty decent, topped with a lime wedge, artichoke and olive with some bacon/celery salt around the rim. B+

The 12 dishes we received included the following:
- Serrano ham: B+
- Sea Bream Ceviche: B+ 
- Venison Tartare: pomegranate & candied walnuts add an interesting twist - A+
- Grilled Octopus: Delicious and meaty - A+
- Blistered Shishito Peppers: B+
- Braised beef short ribs: savoury A-
- Dorset Lamb Skewers: mango lassi makes this sweet and savoury: A-
- Patatas Bravas: fairly average potato - C
- Manchego Churros: interesting with ketchup: B-
- Chorizo Croquettas: despite the chicken confit, it tasted average
- Foie Gras Terrine: one of the hits if you enjoy foie gras! A
- Duck Two Ways: the duck + jalapeño was a nice combo.  The tortellini wasn't bad either - A

Overall, for $120, it was a tasty mix of different foods and well worth it.笑
Decent place

The service is amazing here, they're on top of what you need and are extremely nice. The FOH manager greeted me and my guest and when asked about the Yelp check in (free glass of white or red sangria..dope) he gave us the low down about loving Yelp guests etc... Didn't feel forced, was awesome.

We went with the Chef's 6 tapas selection there were a few stand outs
- Venison Tartar (very nice and flavorful)
- Some awesome grilled Octopus with chickpea masala (smokey dopeness)
- some great pork rib roll things (niceeee +10 for pork!)

Anyway keeping it short and sweet. Great service. Dece food, and the decor was cool (cellar) 

If my spelling and grammar suck, awesome!

The end笑
Went with a group of 15 for my friends birthday and definitively didnt have the best experience. The server recommended we get the Chefs selection so that it would be easier in terms of ordering and billing and so we did. Long story short, we got 4 tapas in the span of 3 hours. The tapas were OK, very very small, only one of them was seafood, nobody was impressed. It took 30-40 minutes in between each tapa, some of them came cold. Ordering a drink was a disaster, took 20 minutes for the server to get back to you. They were not prepared for a group of 15 even thou we had a reservation. I also cost over 100 dollars per person, it was NOT WORTH IT AT ALL!!笑
Like their fresh interior decors, a special Spanish restaurant. Although I'm not a big fan of paella, the seafood paella we had was pretty authentic. The rice was cooked and plated in the thin pan, it was Spanish-style chewy, but got fully absorbed by the broth and tasted perfectly. Their sangria was great too.笑
This is a 4 star review mainly based on their drinks, since all I had to eat here was their banderillas and patatas bravas. The food while delicious did come in pretty small portions, the rest of their tapas menu does seem to very interesting if on the slightly pricey side which is not surprising given the location. But not ridiculous enough to not want to come back here. 

I came in here looking for a spot to grab a quick drink and with their happy hour being advertised outside, it seemed like the perfect reason to step in here. It was I believe something like $5 or $6 glasses of their house wine which was actually pretty good, they do also have a yelp check in offer for a free glass of sangria which totally sealed the deal because their sangria was very delicious. I belive we had the Sangria Rojo, the Cava sounds delicious too, so that would likely be my next go to drink.

The service here was good, we came in basically as they opened so my party of 3 were the only ones being served, our waitress seemed a little rush I think since she might have just gotten there, we spoke a bit to the manager (maybe owner?) and he was very friendly and ensured that we were well taken care of. 

I don't dine out in this area often, but Barsa would be my go to spot at least on Market Street.笑
This place will not survive. Don't go unless you plan to have a glass of sangria on the patio with two tapas. We had a hilarious evening that ended with the 14 year old manager offering us 30% off a meatball...but let me get to that!

Not Spanish. Full stop. I do not care if they want to call it tapas but they should not present as Spanish when they are mixing everything!  

We didn't love the decor though I get why some would. Trying too hard and way too bright. I think it could have been cool but they over styled a bit. Nothing that a dimmer couldn't fix. 

The waitresses was untrained with no love of the food. She meant well and seemed nice but boy don't ask any questions!  

Home fries with aioli. Antipasto = $2 worth of meat for $14. Octopus was overlooked and the masala it was in felt out of place. The fried stuff was ok...because it was fried! The paella was ok but not scrumptious and there was grit in my tempora zucchini flower
- I did like the artichoke and chorizo mix. They had runout of pasta...not sure how but we had the steak which was actually pretty good and not bad value compared to that meatball!!

Slow drinks. Sangria is good but boy if you wait 35 minutes for a first drink it isn't that good.  And that trend continues. Do not wait to ask for water. Even the pregnant lady at our table waited 45 mins for her water!  

But all this would have been passable but for that chicken meatball.  The supposed crispy chicken meatball. We didn't notice the lack of 's' on that menu!   One lonely ball of ground chicken for $11. No flavour. We laughed soo hard. It was comical. I would never have thought of it again until the silly waitress tried to give me a sob story about having no money to accept Amex. Really you can charge $11 for a single meatball but you can't take Amex. Not like you are a cool hipster place. You are a tourist spot. Give me a break!  The manager was called. And that is when he offered us 30% off the meatball. Worth the years of dinner party laughs. Will never not tell that story.  Like I said. Long after this place is gone I will tell the chicken meatball story. You can buy ground chicken for $3.39 a lbs but at this place you will play $11 an oz and if you are really unsatisfied with the service, the flavour and general value they will give you 30% off your 300% marked up meat!  

Don't bother. If you are in that hood hit up Origin or another cooler place.笑
Ambiance,very cool.
Food,the place has so much potential but the food is subpar. The 2 star is for the location, wine and ambiance.笑
Barsa Taberna is a fairly new restaurant in the St. Lawrence Market area that offers traditional Spanish-style tapas with a modern influence of global flavours. Barsa aims to capture the essence of Barcelona by creating a social dining experience reflective of Spanish-inspired food, design and culture.

The space was designed by John Tong and his work adapts the culture of Barcelona while still paying homage to Toronto. In fact the building itself is a 170 year old restored heritage building that has kept most of it's identity of early Toronto. The original stonework and wooden beams are surrounded by Gaudi and Picasso inspired design, mosaic floors and a montage of hand-cut wine bottles that make up the main wall.

I attended a launch party at Barsa a few months ago and the space was bustling with people, Flamenco guitarist performances, Spanish-inspired design, endless sangria and delicious tapas all of which added to the aura of a Cantalonian vibe. After a few drinks you may even think you're in a different city...

Of course I started the night off with a lot of sangria! Barsa has three main types of sangria, a Blanco (chardonnay, calvados apple liquor, green apples, grapes, macerated cantaloupes), Rojo (rarnese montepulciano, brandy peach liquor, red wine orange macerated strawberries) and Rosada (rose vino, brandy, pama liquor, raspberry syrup, cucumbers, blackberries macerated watermelon).  The Rojo was my favourite of the three, but I can't complain about any of them.  All were flavourful, well-balanced and full of house-macerated fruits.  If you're not a huge sangria fan the long and impressive wine list will definitely entice you or perhaps a pint of the beer of Barcelona, Estrella Damm. 

Now on to the food.  The menu is divided into cold, hot and fried tapas. There are also larger plates for sharing and a pastry menu. There are many traditional Spanish tapas such as the pan con tomate ($7), or the patatas bravas ($7). There are also some tapas with a multicultural twist such as the grilled octopus with channa masala ($12) or the pok pok prawns with pineapple glaze ($11). 

Some of the dishes at Barsa:
Chorizo Tasting - 4 types, house made, garnishes - $22
Idiazabal Cheese Bocadillo - sherry marmalade, green olive tapenade - $10
Grilled Octopus - channa masala, tamarind water, papadum - $12
Braised Beef Short Rib - piquillo, sugar snap peas, collards, orange - $13
Serrano Ham - fermin serrano, pickled green beans, pommery mustard - $9
Sangria Cake - coconut tres leche, compressed fruit mango sherbert - $9 

Barsa Taberna is a great addition to the Market Street strip and is open for after work pinchos, dinner and weekend brunch!笑
On my journey to try all top new restaurants in the city, if I don't go broke on the way, my new favourite restaurant in the city, due to my love of Spain and the flavours and sounds of Barcelona, is this place. As you walk into the restaurant, the Gothic European style masonry work combine with art styles of Gaudi and Picasso are the first things that catches your eyes. But that's nothing compared to tastes and flavours that I have yet to experience anywhere else. My personal suggestion, order the Rojo sangria, you will not be disappointed, even if you are from Spain. When it comes to the dishes, although they were all amazing, my top choices would be the traditional Spanish tapas, patatas bravas with a little in house twist of wild boar chorizo, venison tartare, crispy bass, and to die for beef fondue. I will be back to try more of the dishes most definitely in the next few weeks as I feel like there is so much that I need to try and experience. One downside the apparent seasonal menu changes will not do justice on my wallet as I would want to see what amazing dish they will come up with next.笑
Was looking for a sunny patio for a light lunch with colleagues when we came across Barsa across from the world-famous St. Lawrence Market. 
The small outdoor seating area is great for lunch or dinner. 
I chose the Pique Pancakes from the small brunch menu. Spongy, light pancakes with warm jam, fresh berries and oatmeal as a garnish. It was a delightful dish. 
Colleagues had a pitcher of sangria and lunchtime fare. 
Service was excellent. The only thing? Prices for pancakes ($13) was reasonable. Everything else was too steep for lunch. 
I'd return specifically for the pancakes but the lunch menu was too small for those of you who enjoy variety.笑
Came here with two colleagues for lunch.   Great atmosphere and service.  We came here before for an office holiday party which we recall the food being delicious which is why we decided to come for lunch.  Unfortunately, not all the food this time was as good.  We got a few dishes to share.  We started with the tuna croquettes and grilled octopus as starters.  The croquettes were delicious but the octopus was only okay.  We also got the paella with chicken which was a bit bland and the sea bass sandwich which came with patatas bravas (fried potatoes with a spicy garlic tomato sauce) was pretty tasty.  Overall, I still enjoyed it and I'll probably come back for the croquettes!笑
The food was great! And the sangria was even better. Would've given 5 stars if the service wasn't so poor. We waited over an hour for our mains and the waitress was too familiar.笑
My husband and I live in the neighbourhood and had been excited to try out Barsa Taberna ever since the sign went up mid-construction and we read Toronto Life's write up on the restaurant.  So, we made reservations for a Friday dinner in June 2014 and showed up. First impression, gorgeous decor and design. Really excited about the Market St. revitalization (now make it ped-only!), pleasant and friendly wait staff, the place had a fun vibe and we were ready for a good night.  On the waitress's recommendation, I ordered the sangria cava and thought it was OK - a bit too sweet.  By memory, I believe we got their version of the patatas brava (potatoes were harder than they should be), the calamari (too tough) a few other tapas that were clearly forgetable and the paella with shrimp. The paella was too buttery, a bit too salty, had no saffron or any other flavour really - other than butter and salt. In fact, everything tasted like it had either been seasoned with a curry mix OR with just butter and salt.  And sadly, everything was marked way up $$ for a tapas place. We love several other tapas restaurants in Toronto and sadly for us, this one was neither authentic or worth the price tag. I am guessing they just intend to be a tourist grab which justifies the inflated prices and mediocre food.  I was surprised to learn that an established chef was actually behind the enterprise.  We will not be returning unless out for just drinks with friends because, as I said, the decor is beautiful and the ambiance is fun.笑
The food ranges from excellent to low-mediocre. Gorgeous cold soups, called gazpacho -- some more familiar tomato-based; some blends of other vegetables such as delicious sweet pea and corn. The cheesy churros are a nice blend of delicate and crisp. The barbecued pork ribs have little flavour other than salt and are so tough they are almost impossible to chew. The marinated tomatoes that accompany them are pleasant but unspectacular. The attractively restored building has not been updated for accessibility. Indoor tables are reachable only by rough stone steps; and not one of the several (generic) washrooms is accessible. The Accessibility for Ontarians Disability Act (AODA) requires accessible facilities; the owners will have to upgrade within a few years. It's a new restaurant. It would cost less and serve customers more, to install the required facilities at the start.笑
Went here on a Friday night with my girlfriend for her birthday. Had a reservation for 8:45. We arrived on time, and we're pleasantly seated right away. Place was full, and it has really nice decor (although I wish they had swapped the white lighting for something a little more yellow - just being picky here)..
Service was pretty slow to order / get our drinks... 
We got a ton of food because we were hungry, we like to eat + it was my girls bday so I wanted to spoil her :)
1) Octopus was delicious (little bit of an Indian kick to it which was very unique and nice)
2) chorizo platter - was also top notch. it was the most expensive, but also the largest. 
3) pork ribs - also excellent 
4) shashito peppers - standard, wasn't anything over and beyond
5) lamb skewers - 8/10 
6) duck two ways - this was also excellent 

We got another couple dishes (I think the crispy bass and the ceviche). I don't recall what I thought, but my girl ate the ceviche and said it was "lovely and refreshing"

We each had a couple of drinks, and the margarita was exceptional. 

All in all, I would go back but the portions are small, and if you're going to eat right + have a couple of drinks it's going to be pricy. Service could have been a little more attentive and the portions could be slightly larger, I would give this place a 5 star. 

I will be back笑
A friend recommended I try Barsa during my first trip to Toronto this weekend. As a New Yorker I have high expectations when it comes to food and I have to say I was pleased and would love to go back to Barsa. The tapas were some of the best I've had. We also tried just about every Sangria they had on the menu. All of them were creative and delicious, my favorite being the Rosé Sangria. The decor was spectacular and authentic to the Spanish concept without being cheesy. The service was excellent and the friendly waitresses made my visit even better.笑
Stopped in starved after a busy Saturday morning. First time here. They made brunch available to us even though it was 1400 which is when they usually end that service.

It was fabulous. We had the hamburgeresq and the Barsa breakfast. Both were perfect.

Great service from Star, our server.

Dinner menu is tapas and looks great. We'll come back for dinner sometime.笑
Great ambiance. The halibut was excellent. Octopus a disappointment. Overall was decent.笑
Nice place but the food is a bit over priced for what you get. I ordered the charcuterie which was nothing special and didn't come with enough bread. When I asked for more bread I was told there would be an additional charge. When you spending over $100 on a meal, you should be able to get some bread without being charged extra for it.笑
A great atmosphere with great food, but choose your dishes wisely. 

I went to Barsa Taberna with a group of friends this past weekend, and was immediately impressed with the decor. They were able to balance simple and bright with being intimate enough to bring a date. We sat in the back of the restaurant, where it was an almost cave-like with the stone walls. 

Our table ordered the $50 tapas menu ($50 per person). The waitress explained that they would bring us a selection based on our collective tastes. Overall they did a great job. Most of the dishes were excellent - I would recommend the whole sea bass especially, and the beef tongue was very flavorful. 

There were two notable blips: The ceviche that they tried to serve was overly lemony, and I discovered why quickly - the fish they were serving wasn't fresh, it had a very fishy taste, even with the strong lemon overtone. The waitress was quick to acknowledge and replace the dish, almost as if she knew about it beforehand. I don't think they should have tried to serve it to begin with.

Secondly, they served a plate of three scallops to a group of four people. Considering they were the ones to make the choices of our plates we were surprised that they wouldn't think of choosing a plate that could be evenly split. We mentioned it to them and were brought an extra scallop a few minutes later, but just like the old fish we were served, they should have known better. 

That said, the service was fast and professional. Our waitress made excellent wine selections, and with the exception of the two blips mentioned above, the food tasted fantastic. If I were to go again, I would make sure to consult the wait staff on what to order beforehand, and select the tapas I was interested in rather than letting the kitchen decide.笑
Outstanding! Not kidding. Did the tapas tasting and it was a great small six course meal! Must do with rojo sangria. Also, with tasting you also get off-menu items, which are great.笑
Sangria, décor and service were great. 
Food was a bit disappointing and overpriced. The plates were small including the shareable paella. Didn't seem to compare to the flavours found in Spain.
More attention needed on the food and less on décor. All I came with and who have all been to Spain agreed. Would not go back, only the Sangria was really worth it.笑
I had dinner last night at Barsa as a group of 4 and experienced some pros and some cons! 

The best part was the food - it was fantastic, and honestly much better than I expected (always a pleasant surprise)!  We ordered a la carte and tried quite a few dishes - manchego churros (picture a fancy mozzarella stick with tomato dipping sauce), patatas bravas, lamb shank with crispy kale, and chorizo platter. Chorizo platter in particular was great value, it was $24 and included three large house-made sausages along with delicious pickled vegetables. There was good variety among the three, ranging from slightly spicy to sweet. Lamb shank was perfectly cooked, very tender, and the sides (kale and a sweet potato sauce) were good too. For dessert we shared a chocolate dish that was delicious - a very rich brownie topped with poached pear and cinnamon whipped cream. It wasn't huge but good to split four ways since it was so rich. We also really liked the decor, we were seated in the back area that has a wine-cellar feel and really did feel Spanish. Beautiful floor tiles, interesting art, and quirky decor items on the shelves. We were also impressed that the server was okay with splitting the bill 4 ways and did it correctly even though it was somewhat complicated (some drinks shared between 2 people, food shared between 4, etc) 

Unfortunately there were also quite a lot of cons. Due to the cellar-like structure of the room (small area and short ceilings) it was very loud. It didn't help that we were seated in a corner beside a large table celebrating what seemed to be a reunion. I'm not sure if it was because we were in the corner or overshadowed by the group beside us, but it seemed we were often forgotten by the servers - it took ages to place drink orders and to receive drinks, and later on to order dessert, and then ask for the bill. The server also seemed strangely annoyed when we asked her for recommendations before ordering. Overall the service was not great. 

Additionally, the server mentioned Barsa is now using a new mobile app called Glance pay, which can give each person $10 off their bill their first time using the app. Three of us downloaded it, but between us only one person successfully got the $10 off. It ended the meal on a bit of a sour note; if they're going to advertise a system they should make sure it's easy to use or at least offer to help out the customers. 

One last thing to note is that the drinks menu isn't great. The cocktails are expensive and there is only one type of beer (Spanish, Estrella Damm) which was also expensive. Wines by the glass were also fairly pricey and not a great selection. 

I'm really glad I tried Barsa since I walk by it all the time, but likely won't go back any time soon. The food really was great though so if mediocre service doesn't bother you give it a try!笑
Booked our Christmas Event - There was very little they got right. 

Let me start off positive. Their Sangria was delicious. The positive ends there. 

My Co-Worker and I planned our holiday party with Barsa, we provided them with our menu choice, put a deposit on renting the entire back space, and gave our headcount. We did what was asked of us, they did not do the same.  

nstead of giving a paragraph to describe each thing that went wrong here's some bullet points.

-We showed up 20 minutes early to get our little nic-nacks together, and nothing was prepared. They asked us to wait at the bar for people to leave our area that we had reserved. 
- We rented the entire back room, the event manager had no idea we put down a deposit (even though he was the one who accepted it over the phone) and therefore had other people seated in our space. Not what was discussed.
- we had to wait about an hour for our tables, no food was offered even though our menu choice stated there would be apps
- after things were going wrong I requested to see the menu that they had written down, it was the wrong menu option we asked for. In fact, the menu option they had wasn't even an option to us.
- we hardly received any food, the menu we picked was suppose to give each guest 2 apps plus soup or salad and their entree. We received a choice of soup or salad and two tapas for 4 people. 
- our main dishes were extremely disappointing, a baked chicken breast with possibly 5 noodles, a steak with scalloped potato's that weren't actually scalloped potato's

We walked out of the restaurant very hungry and disappointed. The waiters were nice and could obviously see that we were not happy, but it wasn't their fault. The event manager's just had no clue what was happening. 

Planning an holiday event for a company is not easy, we were excited to try something new. Instead of being able to enjoy a night with our co-workers, we were stressed and hungry.

They gave us free shots - cool.

I do not recommend going to Barsa for an event.笑
We had dinner here on a Friday night. Opted for the tasting menu ($60). This I think included 4 items and one of their two house paellas. Lots of smart flavours (seafood ceviche with a cilantro base!! Lamb ribs with white chocolate!!!) that bounced from bright and acidic to smooth and savoury. Friendly and informed service. Also brought a bday dessert for my boo. I'm not usually a small plate fan but this was an excellent meal. Really glad we are neighbours!笑
Great service, fresh delicious food, ambience is good, portions a little bit small even for "tapas", for the price. Paella & Sangria are a must.笑
Great brunch spot in St. Lawrence Market. I went on a Saturday and it surprisely wasn't too busy. They have $5 mimosas and ceasars on the weekend. I had eggs benedict with chorizo. As a self-proclaimed eggs benny connoisseur, I was very impressed and would definitely recommend it. The potatoes that it comes with are AMAZING. The interior decor is really cool. No complaints about the service. I will definitely be returning, hopefully to try dinner.笑
I frequent Barsa Tabera often, for some drinks and to chat with their charismatic bartenders. It's fun little spot tucked away on the small street beside St. Lawrence Market on the basement floor. The exposed brick give the space a sense of charm and coolness, like you're here to get away from the hustle and bustle of Toronto life for a few drinks and bites.  

The food, while executed well, often doesn't do par with a lot of top tapas restos in the city but  is tasty and priced accordingly.  The cocktails, some classic and some very creative, all have a Spanish twist.  If you're a fan of Spanish wines then you're in luck as they do have a pretty good selection of Spanish wines by the glass.

Come for the ambiance, stay for the drinks :)笑
The food, the service, the atmosphere were nothing short of amazing!!!!
My only concern is their small size of everything on the menu.笑
Very nice decor. Casual and relaxed atmosphere. Tapas is lovely all dishes lived up to expectation. I won't recommend anything it was all wonderful.  Try it out and be adventurous.笑
I was invited to a birthday party at Barsa Taberna on Saturday night. I couldn't make it for dinner so my review will only be based around the drinks/vibe and not the food.
 
As soon as I walked in, I was impressed by the seemingly hidden location and the eclectic decor. It reminded me of the stone Moors architecture and Gaudi influences of Spain, particularly Barcelona. It also had a wine cellar appeal to it. The decor also reminded me of the night club, SubMercer, at the Mercer Hotel, in New York City. To me, Barsa Taberna had that old world meets contemporary art feel. The location and decor made me feel like I was in a foreign land, chilling and dancing with the locals. 
 
Yelp was offering a free, small pitcher of red sangria. I was surprised to see that the pitcher was in fact quite large. Bonus! Unfortunately, it didn't meet it's expectations. I had read the reviews about the rose sangria but the Yelp offer was for the red, which was really sweet and not so flavorful. However, this wouldn't stop me from going back to try other drinks.
 
The staff may need a little more rigor and organization. There were at least 4-5 people behind the bar wiping glasses and talking to each other while customers were waiting to be attended to because it was a full house--which isn't difficult to achieve since the place is fairly small. I used to be a bartender and although down time was perfectly expected, we still had to be on our toes and keep all eyes open--including the ones in the back of your head. The owner was especially cordial and we chatted about his inspiration for the place. He seemed passionate and wanted to make people happy.
 
Overall, I had a good experience and will definitely go back to try out the food!笑
The patio and decor inside and out is what it's all about - perfect location by St Lawrence Market, nice spanish-inspired ambience.  The food was really overpriced, and the paella was ok but not worth $55.  

The grilled octopus appetizer was extremely tender, but really overpriced at $16 for one tentacle. 

Great vermouth sangria!笑
I went to Barsa  Taberna last Sunday with my best friend and my husband and I have to say I am very impressed with the food and service.

To start we had a cheese churos, spinach empanada and grilled octopus. My personal favourite was the grilled octopus tentacle for it was cooked to perfection  and seasoned well. So this is a MUST try. The next is the empanada which has layers of flavour- it has the sweetness of what seems like a cornbread flour, then the saltiness of the cheese combined with the softness of the spinach.  The Cheese churos was good too especially when you pair it with the tomato sauce that it comes with. 

The cheese and sausage platter was also nice. It comes with radish and fruit preserve so you can appreciate all the flavours and texture and development of taste as you go along. I ordered the eggs benedict with chorrizo which I find tasty. My gf  ordered the fish fillet on a bun which was very tasty. The fish taste fresh and refreshing especially after having all the salty food for our appetizer and mains. 

I also got a free glass of Sangria because I checked in at Yelp so you guys and girls should do it. 

We ordered dessert too but I'm too full to appreciate the 2 dessert that we had so I won't comment on it.

Overall the service was very good and the meal was very tasty. I will definitely come back to try their paella.笑
3 words: Get the Sangria! 

The 2 of us arrived around 530 pm on a beautiful Wednesday in June. We had made a reservation about an hour before but we didn't really need one at that point as it was fairly open. However, it did get busy soon after that (on the patio at least). 

Our server, Tabitha was very friendly, patient and helpful. We were served waters very quickly (awesome on a hot day!) but we knew we wanted to try their sangria! We toyed between the Cava (Mas Fi Cava, Torres brandy, raspberry syrup, brandy mango, fresh raspberry and blueberry) and the Rojo (Merlot vino, Torres brandy, peach liqueur, strawberry syrup, red wine oranges, brandy strawberries) but we opted for a small pitcher of the Cava ($25). A delightful experience indeed! And lots of fruit in the glass to save for dessert (Tabitha brought us spoons at the end of our meal to enjoy the mango, blueberry and raspberry that remained in our glass). The small pitcher is $25 (total 3 glasses) and the large is $45 (5 glasses).

The menu is tapas style. Small portions but perfect for sharing. Cold, hot, fried, and large plates.

We ordered:
Cold:
- olives ($4)
- pan con tomate: vine ripe tomatoes, black garlic, avocado mousse, thief sourdough, barsa chips ($11)
- brassicas salad: broccoli purée, cabbage slaw, white kimchi, 62 degree egg, ben's mustard, majorero ($11)
- market ceviche: today they had sea bream and the market price was $13.
Hot:
- seared halibut: brown butter grits, braised nuts, peas, chimichurri ($16)
We also wanted to split their hamburgersa from the large plate menu but they ran out of buns so we decided against it. 

The food was delicious! Ceviche, salad and halibut were the highlights for me but it was all great. 

My partner in crime ordered the Margarita Azul ($13) which was made with Hora Azul tequila, grand marnier, agave syrup, fresh lime and mint. Very refreshing and she was generous enough to share with me! I was very impressed when the glass of wine ordered (that we did not enjoy at all) was quickly taken away at no charge and we were brought another (sauv blanc) that was much better. 

A friend joined us later and ordered the pisco sour ($12) which was made with pisco brandy, fresh lime, agave syrup and a blackberry. I saw another review that said this drink was too sweet but we found it delicious! You can ask them to put less agave if you prefer less sweet. We did that with the margarita. 

All in all, a wonderful evening. I will definitely be back!笑
The restaurant is underground. Pretty nice atmosphere. The service was great too.  
Food wise I would give 3.5 stars.笑
I was there for my friends bday last night, we ordered drinks and they were fine, there was very little servers so they will take forever. The food came and honestly yuck! It was really bad, they served this crustinis with some kinda moose that looked like barf, it was not apealing at all and the taste was super bitter and overpowering by blue cheese yuck.
I asked for the bill and i told the waitres that it was wrong so she didnt even let me finished, she snatched out of my hand and left.
Obviously she took forever to comeback. 
Never again going back to this place overpriced food and bad service.笑
This place was love at first sight, situated right beside the St Lawrence Market on a side street, Barsa partial underground tapas bar is something to try.  For those who've been to Bar Isabel, Toritos, etc, Barsa is among a contendor in the city where Tapas bars are becoming more prevelant.
The interior is very contemporary, Artsy-Picasso-Gaudi inspired with mosaics, bricked wall, fancy lighting, bar stools and bottled decor. Its no wonder why people love this place. 

Their drink menu is extensive and they have a great selection of tapas categorized; hot, cold, chef's choice, etc. They also have an option for those looking to order entree, and desserts. For food, firstly with my buddy and I being YELPERS!! checking in gets you a free white or red sangria during October! After Sangria we ordered a bottle of Tempranillo which complimented our foods which followed.

-Serrano Ham (thinly sliced) served with pickled green beans and honey mustard 4.5/5
--Grilled ocotpus, lightly grilled and served on a bed of chana masala, and papadum 5/5!!!
---Patatas Bravas not too crunchy, served with a light marinara sauce 4/5
----cheese dessert platter; drunken manchego cheese, blue cheese, brie-like cheese, sweet almonds, raspberry jelly jam and oregano garlic toasted sticks. 4.5/5 

The presentation and service was excellente!! plus It was especially nice to have the servers explain the dish that's being served to us....it just adds an extra UMPH!! to the service! Josh the manager came by to also thank us YELPERs for coming out to try Barsa! 

I would come back here to try a few other dishes, however keep in mind I found the prices to be slightly higher in comparison to Archive, and Toritos笑
Look out, Raymond's! Barsa has a bill of fare that's comparable, if not superior, to yours! My love & I ate at Barsa on Valentine's Day and were majorly impressed! There was a special menu (see pics) and our servers made us feel special, too! 

We started with a pitcher of the Sangria Cava, a light, white fruity affair, while we perused the menu. First course was a selection of appetizer samples, which included a tuna & fois gras taster, a garlic oyster, a ham croquette, butternut squash gazpacho, and a surprisingly-spiced devilled egg. Next course was a grouper ceviche - yum! - followed by a mushroom broth poured over dried herbs, with a manchego churro. Delightful!

We paused for a refreshing glass of white Cava wine before having squid-ink linguini with chunks of squid and small clams tossed with vermouth, fennel & crispy sweet potato strings. Fabulous! Then the main course - what?! - of the most tender cuts of venison (tasting non-games!) I've ever experienced, combined with roasted beets, radish slices, hazelnuts, a parsnip gravy, and a mild chocolate sauce on the side. Magnificent!

We ended our meal with Illy Americans and a Spanish cheese plate - not opting for a white chocolate cheesecake, which seemed unnecessarily sweet after so fine a meal. I can't wait for patio season to come, when I'll gladly return to Barsa, my Spain away from Spain!笑
Love it. Food was amazing, service was exceptional. Must try- chicken squash Paella. The best!笑
Met some friends at Barsa last night. We chose it because it has appeared in many "top" Toronto restaurant reviews lately.  Let's start with the positive -- great decor and stylish setting. We are warmly greeted and seated among the other ten diners on a Sunday night. Sangria is a speciality and it doesn't disappoint-- so far, so good. The waitress then proceeds to tell us the items not available on the menu tonight. It amounted to approx. 25% of the menu. Interesting? We take that into consideration and we order. About five minutes later the server returns to tell us that two of the items we chose are ALSO not available and goes on to say "we are closed Monday's so it makes sense" -- does it !? The food was mediocre. The service was good. The wine menu is weak. How this place ever made it to top restaurants in Toronto is a mystery to me. I won't be back.笑
Incredible service, great atmosphere and the food is delicious - unique and set to perfection.笑
My friend and I went for dinner and wine on a Thursday night. The decor is very chic and they have a really neat wall made from stacked wine bottles. We opted for a sauvignon blanc (can't remember the name) a cocktail each and the $50 tasting menu. The server told us the $40 tasting menu was a lighter meal, $50 was a good dinner and the $60 one was dinner as well but higher priced dishes. 

The wine was just ok but the pur vida cocktail I had was delicious and my friend enjoyed her margarita.

 The tasting menu was the best food I've ever had. We started with the del mar ceviche, bread with prosciutto and mustard. For the second round we had grilled octopus with fingerling potatoes and delicious sauce and another dish with shrimp and couscous. The octopus was cooked perfectly! We then had some lamb ribs that were so tender and amazing. Then we had a pasta dish with grape tomatoes and goat cheese and churros for dessert. In total we had 7 dishes (just forgot 2 of them) and I wasn't disappointed with a single one. Will definitely be back!笑
came here for brunch on a sunday. service is extremely slow.
had the pancakes (with cheesecake) and monte cristo sandwich (prosciutto with melted cheese) which were really good. also tried the burger which was disappointing - burnt bun and sour finish in the meat.笑
Three of us came here on a Friday night with a reservation and a craving for Spanish food. 

Five stars for the atmosphere and decor. It's perfectly cozy yet still chic and cool. The restaurant is in a heritage building but the decor is modernized. Excellent for a romantic date!

Four and a half stars for the service. Our main server was super friendly, helpful, attentive. Water was filled without being asked. The meal ended a little awkwardly, that's my only complaint. Maybe 15 minutes after our plates were cleared from our last dish (we got the tasting menu), the server came over and said "so... that's the end of the tasting menu" and it was kind of weird. Probably should just say that when the dish is being served.

The food, three stars. We got the $50 tasting menu. I thought the tasting menu would be its own thing, or you would get better "value" than if you bought the same items a la carte, but that's not the case. You still get billed for the items separately, and they just add up to ~50/pp. Ours added up to $152 for three people before alcohol. If I had known this was the case, I would probably have asked them to tell me upfront what we would be getting and make modifications or just ordered a la carte. I honestly regret ordering from the tasting menu and wish I had just ordered items a la carte. Also, no dessert!

What we had:
1) Potato soup with diced potatoes, scallion strands and scallion flan (9/person): cool service (they pour the broth from a teapot) but rather bland. Not worth it.
2) Ceviche with octopus, shrimp, mussels (15): meh. so much liquid, it was basically a soup. It was fine but I've definitely had better.
3) Shrimp with Israeli couscous and peri peri sauce (14): everything about this dish was amazing. one of my favorites of the night.
4) Clams with chorizo, white beans, and bread (12): very good as well, though the broth was quite salty
5) Catalan noodle dish with goat cheese (18): definitely not worth $18. Interesting mix of ingredients but the dish was kind of bland and the noodles were overcooked (way too soft for my liking).
6) Lamb shank with crispy kale and sweet potato puree (34): probably my favorite dish of the night. The lamb was so tender, the crispy kale provided excellent textural balance, the sweet potato puree was amaaaaazing (I just wish there was more of it)
7) Sea bass with braised and crispy chickpeas and caramelized onions, on a garlic and onion puree (I think??) (32): Really good dish, though we were getting really full at this point. Fish was cooked well and the combination of braised and crispy chickpeas works well.

It seemed like most tables got sangria but we got mojitos and rose - no complaints there.

My only other experience with Spanish cuisine in Toronto is at Patria, which I do think is better in terms of food but also value. With that said, Barsa Taberna puts up a good effort! And the decor is totally beautiful.笑
This place is OK.

It did not feel or taste authentic but that doesn't mean modern tapas can't be good.  On the plus side, I did like the Octopus and Sangria but I tried a bunch of other dishes that weren't very memorable - cod, salad, duck, lamb, etc.  The food isn't bad but it just feels average and a tad pricey.  The décor is kinda neat but I feel like they are trying too hard with some sort of Spanish-castle ambience.  I prefer restaurants where I feel like I'm paying more for the food, not the décor.  I have yet to try Bar Isabel but it will be interesting to compare.笑
My husband and I bought a Travelzoo voucher for Barsa Tabersa and decided to make the reservation for today.

We were warmly greeted by the hostess and our waitress (Jamie) was very professional and friendly. Barsa Tabersa was definitely not "judgey" that you're enjoying the meal at half the price with the voucher. Jamie was quick to ask us about food allergies or aversions before she served us the chef's selection. We even upgraded our choice of wine or beer to their famous sangria (very happy).

We had 5 dishes in total and they were:

Sea Bream Ceviche - it was acidic and refreshing.

Cumbraes Beef Tartare - very nice balance of texture of the diced beef and the crunch of the chicharron; tastes really good too.

Panelle Frites - awesome light and crispy exterior and melt in your mouth interior. A very tasty deep fried treat! Although personally I wished it came with some sort of dipping sauce.

Chicken Salad - very nice presentation of a deconstructed chicken salad. The giant crouton was the best element, the other ingredients were good but didn't blow my mind.

Braised Beef Short Ribs - the beef was really tender and it was also good. My husband enjoyed it more than I did. 

Overall, we will definitely be back to try out some grilled octopus and paella! The service at Barsa is one of the better experience I've had in a while.笑
Didnt eat here - came for drinks. Specifically, pitchers of Sangria. I think one of the cool things about Barsa Taberna is the variety of Sangria available - Red, White, Champagne, Rose. The issue is that these $40 pitchers that fill about four glasses are not that exquisite in flavour. A lot of tonic water is used, and concentrated juice with some fresh fruits. Maybe i ask for too much, but a place boasting of Sangria selections really need to do this the right way - soak their fruits in the wine and use fresh fruit juice. 

Overall it's okay for a nice night out and for date nights.笑
I was a bit dissappointed because I was expecting traditional tapas, simple and delicious, but instead this is a restaurant that takes tapas and makes it very grande and high class. The chef is very creative, and the night we came in, we were told that we are the first ones to try his new menu, which tasted great! However, if you are looking for cheap and tasty tapas, Barcelona-style, this is not the place. P.S. They have super delicious sangria!笑
Super cute patio and its even cuter on the inside! very different than the places you usually see around. They say they have the best sangrias in town and guess what? its true. A large sangria pitcher is around $45, super tasty and they're not stingy with their liquor. I ordered the Trout sandwich.. hands down the BEST trout sandwich EVER. You must try it if you pass by! We also blindly ordered the Bistec Crudo and were confused at to what it was (don't judge) but it was extremely yummy! their beef burger hit the spot as well! This little spot is a must visit!!!笑
This is one of the places you hear so much about it but you won't ever figure out why. We went on a Saturday night with 10 people. Everyone ordered different dishes. The only one that was good was the fish and oyster. The rest was nothing special and in fact not even tastey. The environment was OK ..again, I find this place very ordinary despite all these hype and recommendations.笑
My friends and I enjoyed this experience greatly. We ate inside because the patio was full on a busy Tuesday evening. We had the red sangria with vermouth. It was delicious, just the right amount of sweetness and fruity flavor. Next we had the Truchas en Escabeche, trout with pickled cabbage which had fresh citrusy flavor with delicious trout.

From the seafood menu, we ordered the croqueta which had albacore tuna and ham with a deliciously smoky flavor, the gambas which are the most wonderful shrimp we've ever had including the more Moorish couscous and romesco sauce, and the pulpo, octopus that was perfectly grilled and paired with chorizo and new potatoes in a spicy rich aioli. 

Finally, from the "Del Campo" menu, we tried the empanadas and patatas bravas. The potatoes were excellent; perfectly crispy with two delicious sauces. The empanadas were not the best I've had, and were the only thing we didn't like, mainly because the choice of filling and sauce (blue cheese and spinach, topped with a kind of applesauce) were not to our taste. 

The service was excellent, but leisurely, in the Spanish manner. If you're in a hurry, go somewhere else. Since we weren't in a hurry, we enjoyed ourselves for a couple of hours.笑
A group of 9 of us ate here this Sunday, and the group consensus was that the food was "underwhelming". 

The decor and space is quite nice, with music played at a comfortable level. We started with some pitchers of their house sangria. While beautifully presented, there was so much ice in the pitchers that the drink seemed quite watered down.

Our waitress told us about their specials, and pointed out some items on the menu that were part of their spring menu launch, and weren't available yet.

We ordered a variety of cold and hot tapas plates. After the first few dishes came our waitress advised us that the kitchen had run out of some of the ingredients, specifically the venison tartare and duck.

Disappointed, but undaunted we modified our orders and chose a couple more dishes. Our server returned a few minutes later, once again apologizing but telling us that they were also out of the pork ribs, and the black cod empanadas had been replaced with tuna. 

While I understand changing over menus can result in some ingredients being used up, but if it's going to impact 4 of your most popular dishes, it might be a good idea to have substitutes from the new menu ready for customers to try.

Offering a discount might also be an idea when a table of 9 have had to change almost 50% of their order. 

We tried the Pok Pok prawns, which were little more than butterflied shrimp sautéed in butter, and not the large prawns we were hoping for. 

For desert we shared a hazelnut tart. The dark chocolate shell was dry, and the hazelnut filling was quite bland. 

I'd read quite a few positive reviews for Barsa, so maybe we got them on a bad night, but I won't be rushing back.笑
Barsa, the patio is amazing for a nice summer sangria. They serve half price Sangria until 6:30pm and it turns out to be only $12.50 The wine are half price too on Wednesdays. I had the octopus and it was very tasty and flavourful.  The Pincho was very flavourful. The clams and the sauce was tasty too. I came here twice this week! Will be back for more drinks and tapas!笑
My husband and I came for Marketlicious and we got to choose three tapas each plus a dessert for $25. The highlights were the crispy bass, pork belly and manchego churros! The churros was light and crispy.bit was served with Barsa ketchup which was lighter than the regular thing. The bass was nice and flavourful. The pork belly was rich and the grits that came with it was very nice. 
The service was very attentive and nice. All in all I would come back to this restaurant.笑
Went here for a birthday lunch (patio seating). Ordered the seafood paella and chicken paella. They were both pretty good and the serving was good for 2. Their drinks were amazing (although a little pricey). Tried the Rosada Sangria which was sweet but had that kick to it. Our server Crystal was great and attentive making sure everything was to our liking. She even gave us complimentary shots that she made herself (as it was my birthday)! Will probably eat here again whenever I'm in the area.笑
I recomend the Patatas Bravas! There is an additional sauce to get with it AND IT WAS DELICIOUS!笑
Came for lunch and everything was excellent the squid ink pasta with seafood was perfect and the grilled octopus was exceptional. The wait staff was very courteous and really attentive. This was our first time and will definitely be coming back笑
2 stars, one for the ambience and one for the friendly waiter. The food is overpriced and the portions are miniscule. $20 for the tiniest portion of uninspired, insipid pasta. I know the idea of tapas is to have a selection of small dishes but the price at this place is too high.  Sangria tastes like fruit juice. After spending $100 for 2 people, we're left hungry; had to get food elsewhere.笑
Overall good food. Paella was a bit too salty. Food came one at a time so that was a turn off. Otherwise service and ambiance are good. The sea-bass is a must order, although when they said whole sea-bass I assume they would serve the head (the best part) as well笑
Sitting along the beautiful market street, me and 5 other colleagues came here for lunch on a Thursday around 1.00pm. There were about 4-5 other tables seated. The decor is beautiful, with brick walls, glass bottle murals and funky art. 

I got the grilled octopus off the lunch menu ($15) it was a unfortunately a very small portion and definitely was not filling enough for a meal. The octopus was grilled nicely though and the potatoes were nice and charred and salty, I just wish it was bigger or it was mentioned on the menu...

My coworkers got the fish sandwich, and again unfortunately they said that it was only mediocre, the piece of fish was really too small and they got a lot of bread. Their potato wedges were good and hearty though and their homemade ketchup is delish. 

The service was ok, nothing special, a bit slow, not super friendly but not horrible. I would however not return anytime soon or recommend going there with other options around the neighbourhood.笑
Lovely hole in the wall Spanish resto with a great selection of tapas and Spanish fare. My gf and I ordered the patatas bravas with beef cheek, seafood paella, foie gras on Crustini, seabream ceviche, and a half dozen oyster mignonettes. Next time I return, I'll be sure to order a pitcher of sangria as the ladies at the next table highly recommended it. I'll definitely be back in the summer!笑
Great Spanish food. The dessert was great especially the Churros. The paella was great as well as the papas bravas.  Definitely will be back!笑
If you are ordering the seafood paella or the paella de mar, it is fantastic.
Everything else not so 
Grab a friend and go out for paella. 
I have been there a few times and its the seafood paella that makes me keep going back. 
The meat paella is less great.笑
I find that Barsa follows suit with much of the Toronto restaurant scene. The focus seemed to be on the façade, and not the food. What we ate wasn't bad by any means. It just didn't feel inspired at all, and fell a little short. The cocktail list was impressive, and there were a variety of Sangria options. The décor leaves an impression, both indoor and out. The only real standout to me was the grilled octopus on a bed of curried chickpeas.笑
Great food, good service and a very nice atmosphere. Food is on the more expensive side. The sangria is fantastic.笑
It was fine. I wouldn't go back but if you're in the area and everything else is too busy, Barsa Taberna isn't your worst bet.

Everything we tried was just a bit on the bland side. The pan con tomate needed some salt and the beef tartare was underseasoned. The croqueta was unlike any other I'd ever had and reminded me more of a beignet or pakora than a Spanish croquette. It was greasy, even by fried food standards. All of it was fine, just unremarkable.

Service was odd. We were told they were out of octopus because of a supply shortage affecting Toronto (okay, maybe *your* distributor is out but I'm sure there are others in Toronto); and after I tried to order a diet Coke and was told they were out of that, too (?!), the server "miraculously" scrounged some up. I'm guessing she ran across the street to a convenience store -- although she claimed they just "found" it -- but A for effort there.笑
I hate giving bad reviews but I really didn't have a good experience here. My biggest complaint is that the dishes seemed very disjointed. I understand that this is not authentic spanish tapas, however a dish should always be well composed. The had a dish that was basically chicken nuggest, romanesco cauliflower and pickled vegetables (?) and the paella had a whole fish on it, snails, and sunchokes (?).

LOVED the rioja I ordered and judging by the other reviews it seems management cares very much about their customer relations which always is a plus with me. Not sure I would return, but would try other dishes if I did.笑
Went for dinner with another couple before heading to a Second City show on a Saturday night. Because of the early show we had to also take in an early dinner, which meant the restaurant was rather empty, but also meant we didn't have to worry about bothering anyone. 

The food was absolutely delicious! I myself had never had tapas before and didn't really know what to expect, but thankfully the other couple we were with knew what they were doing and ordered all sorts of delicious choices. The prices were reasonable, perhaps a bit more than I'd usually pay, but probably what you'd expect for downtown Toronto (and by the St. Lawrence market). 

Definitely a place that's well suited for couples, or groups of friends, we'll definitely be back!笑
More on the expensive end for the food portions, but totally worth the price. The atmosphere at the restaurant is quite loud, but cozy and a nice place for a girls night out. They have AMAZING sangrias, the rosado and tinto are my favourites so far. 

Food wise, the menu is pretty sparse but the charcuterie platter is really great. You really can't go wrong with any of the meat platters. Would also highly recommend the Spanish noodles with mushrooms.笑
The place looks lovely, and it has an upscale feel to it. We ordered their chef's choice tapas. With the chef's choice tapas, we got dishes that are on the menu and also not on the menu. There were some dishes that we both liked and some maybe 1 we were not a super big fan of. But overall the food were good. We also ordered drinks that is not on the menu, they have this drink called rose sangrian. The rose sangrian was really refreshing and it has a summer feel to it.笑
Like the brunch a lot. The food is flavourful and the environment is quite. The caesar was great! Great value of money and I will go back again for the tapas!笑
Fantastic. Great feel to the space. Good service. Great food. Everything seemed like it was prepared carefully and with attention to detail. It's a definite repeat.笑
Went for dinner Sunday night with 2 others, 1 of whom is vegetarian.  

Enjoyed several, but not all, of the vegetarian tapas (machego churros, peppers, cold plate), and the sausage platter and the serrano ham.  

Food was really excellent - yes, there are some fusion dishes (pan con tomates is served on naan), but that was was very tasty.  Shishito peppers were a great surprise and the cava sangria was really wonderful (a small pitcher was enough for three of us to have a glass each).   Can't wait to go back and try some of more of their non-veg options.  The paella special sounded great too.  Olives are growing on me - and the variety was very nice.

Server was lovely, attentive and pleasant, and the food came very quickly - the sangria does take a while to make though.  Great location, and really a lovely and quite grown up atmosphere.  Nice decor, good value, and LOTS of options.笑
Brasa is nestled in a heritage building with exposed brick walls in the St. Lawrence market.  I love how designer John tong modernize the restaurant while preserving a piece of history. 

They serve up delicious contemporary Spanish cuisine tapas style. The food was divine!  We ordered olives which was served warm, oysters, arugula salad, lamb ribs (you have to get this if you are a lamb lover), clams (small but that broth tho), chile shrimp and finished dinner with Uberrrrrrr crunchy churros with the perfect amount of icing. 

I loved the food and the atmosphere, so why the 3 star? The price and the wait for our food.   The lamb rib cost $17 and we got only two small lamb ribs.  It was really good but not worth waiting 45 mins for it. From the moment we got our drinks, olives and salad, it took 45 mins for our next dish which was the lamb to arrive. During this time, our server was MIA, would of been nice if he came by to let us know what's going on.  He did comp us the clams and the churros which was a nice gesture and earned him a very nice tip.

I'm gonna give this restaurant another shot and hope that mishap was just an one off situation.笑
After a couple of hours shopping at St Lawrence market, this lunch really hit the spot! I often find Sangria too sweet, so it was really nice to find multiple options; the dry red worked very well. 
My wife had the beef empanadas with Pico de Gallo and salad. The salad and Pico were very fresh and nice, with a lovely dressing on the salad. The empanadas were very well filled with wonderfully seasoned beef, very tasty. My bison burger (freshly ground) was incredibly good with the avocado and pork belly. The Patatas Bravas were really good, and the house pickled veg! Service was good. Over all, a really nice meal.笑
Came for brunch on a weekend. The service was good. The Caeser's were 5$. Based on the food and service, I'd be interested in coming here for the dinner experience.笑
Good overpriced for what you get.. Sangria was good but nothing amazing 

Only good thing here was our server. For what I paid I left hungry to go elsewhere ...

Definitely recommend going elsewhere in the area a lot of better options笑
Amazing Sangria Cava with blueberries, raspberries, and mango. The red sangria is delicious as well if you like your Sangria on the sweeter side. The tapas are very good-- high quality food and service. Nice decor and really nice outdoor patio for enjoying sangria in the sun.

I came here twice while on a vacation in Toronto. I can't wait to visit Toronto again and come back to this place!

Loved these items:
Beef Tartare
Patatas Bravas
Cumbraes Sirloin
Sangria Cava笑
Man what a great experience I had the other night here, the food and service was impeccable, the meal was served with perfect timing starting with the 2 tapas dishes. The fried peppers arrived first, once they were done, boom there were the patatas bravas, and man both were spot on!!! Absolutely delicious. our servers teamed up to serve us and we felt really well taken care of. The hostess/waitress was incredibly friendly and helpful. 

I'm not a wine person at all, I rarely if ever drink it, as I've just never been a fan of grape juice of any kind, but holy wow was that Sangria ever good!! I could have drank the entire jug!! it was just super delicious!! 

The main course was the seafood Paella and wow again!! it was absolutely excellent, the seafood was super fresh, and cooked to perfection, the whole pan of paella was absolute bliss, if I wasn't so full from the tapas and the fruit stuffed Sangria, I would have eaten the whole thing. The Paella was so good i absolutely took what was left to go. 

To be honest I'm confused with some of the tepid reviews here, but reading them, one quickly realizes that they must not be familiar with Spanish food and especially Tapas, and they are obviously not familiar for paying more than $15 for dinner either. I mean one girl who complained called what she believed to be a mousse, "Moose" lol, so it's hard to take the word of someone that can't even spell or accurately describe what they were eating as gospel. 

I guess i liked this place so much I've taken some of the negative reviews a little personally, and hence the previous and coming statements, but man I'm just not seeing in any way whatsoever why anyone would complain about this place... 

Being in the service industry myself, I fully understand that you can never satisfy everyone, and that many people are just naturally negative, and they just simply love to complain as well. Like what's with the girl slamming the décor? she must have had a crappy day, because in my opinion, the decor is absolutely charming!! I loved the grotto vibe, it's very modern Spanish, and suits the place and it's food perfectly. 

 Anyway, to conclude, I found the food very good, the service was excellent,  I would definitely return! this was worth the money,  and FYI, Travel zoo currently (Jan. 2016) has an awesome meal for 2 coupon if you are interested in giving this place a try.笑
Great place, very good service. Surprising number of vegetarian options. Our waitress was vegetarian and assisted us greatly. Wine and drink menu were impressive, and food even more so. Alex, one of the bar tenders, gave us some great places to checkout afterwards. Would go back here!笑
It's a beautiful restaurant actually. Based on its decoration we had a fairly high expectation for this restaurant. 

So we ordered mussels, shrimps, and oysters as starters. The mussels were okay, nothing impressive, the quantity was really small though. Oysters were interesting. They have their own kind of curry oyster sauce and gingers to put on oysters, which is innovative, but I'm not sure if it's in a good way or not. Cause I was really missing the ordinary oyster sauce when I was there. The shrimp was really good actually, they only had four in the bowl though.

For main I had a lobster linguine, and my friend ordered a codfish. They were both good.

So overall I could probably rate their food 3 stars. Not bad, just with this price I could get much better food.

Why I'm giving them 2 stars is their service is surprisingly bad. We were even struggling if we should give him 15% tips or not cause his service is very impatient. He left our table without finishing our conversation for at least three times. There were twice we said we were ready to order and he just walked away. It wasn't a busy time as we went there at 5:30pm on a Thursday night, and the room was only about half full when we arrived.笑
I don't understand the good reviews of this place. The food was honestly ... Kind of bad. Not sure if I went on an off day, but one of the dishes my friend and I ordered (this ball of meat with cheese filling) just tasted and smelled gross, with an overpowering blue cheese flavour. And I usually like blue cheese! But it was inedible. All the other plates we got were so mediocre and bland I actually can't remember what they were... I think we had stuffed peppers? I do remember they were out of octopus so everyone ranting and raving about that may be on to something. If that's their house specialty I definitely didn't get to try it, and what I did try definitely didn't invoke flavours of Spain. The sangria was okay, and service was fine, but couldn't make up for the bad food. Personally I found the decor cheesy and the lighting uncomfortable, so thumbs down from me for those aspects as well.

Finally, this place has its faults and I would n't recommend eating there, but before you complain about the portion sizes, remember that this is technically a tapas place. The plates were definitely shareable... I just wouldn't want to, because well, see above.

EDIT: The owner of this restaurant initially commented on my review with a condescending and passive aggressive comment (which they now edited to seem less abrasive I guess) accusing me of making a false review, or that I must be some idiot reviewing the wrong restaurant. I googled the restaurant and interiors, and yes, it is the right restaurant. I stand by my review with the following clarifications: my review is only about my personal experience with what I ordered. I also ordered off the Taste of Market Street menu in Spring 2015, but got around to reviewing it later than I hoped, which may be the source of confusion, but that doesn't excuse rudeness. Next, I didn't say it was a "meat ball", I guess it was a croquette (not sure what the shell was) stuffed with meat and blue cheese, and that everything else I ordered was literally forgettable. The owner is claiming that they do not serve what I described and that my subjective opinion of their decor (which I found garish and gimmicky) and the food I personally tried is wrong. I even mentioned that I did not get to try their specialty item --octopus-- and that I didn't get to try their full menu, and was giving them the benefit of a doubt, but after learning how rude the owner of this place is, I'm tempted to give this place one star. Never going back.笑
The worst place and service was awful. This is not at all what we call tapas. No way the owner is European. Please change that gross menu with your tiny portions and over price menu. 
The real tapas don't exist in this place Taberna.笑
Came here for brunch after having walked by dozens of times without stopping, as I live in the area.

Service was ok but nothing special.

Shared a pitcher of mimosas which came with different types of sorbet in it which I thought was a unique touch. You could actually taste the booze which we appreciated.

My partner had the chorizo eggs Benedict and I had the pancakes with peanut crunch and fresh fruit. Both were extremely good and you could tell they really put a lot of work into the food which was also beautifully presented.

We will be back for sure.笑
Was at Barsa on the patio this weekend. Nice patio.

Service, on the other hand, was quite piss poor. After waiting for a hostess to arrive, we decided to seat ourselves. After that, we had two different waitresses walk by 4-5 times each, none stopping to offer us a menu, welcome us or get us some water. Finally we flagged one down. 

When the small menu did arrive, we were told that because it was 3:30pm, we could only order off the tapas list (7 items) as brunch was over and the lunch/dinner items weren't available until 4:30pm. Kind of disappointing to have half of the small menu not even available. 

I ordered a jamon and tuna croquette ($3), a serving of olives ($4) and an order of patatas bravas ($7). Croquette was delicious, slightly larger than a golfball sized. Potatoes were delicious too. The olives, which I normally love, were very, very salty. So salty in fact that I couldn't finish them, which was a shame because the portion size was great. Not sure why they were so salty, but as a salt lover, when I say they were too salty, I mean VERY salty!

My other friends didn't have as good luck with the menu, each ordering a $7 green salad which looked like a few pieces of lettuce in the bowl. 

When the bill came, we were surprised to see they had charged us $6 for water, which was seemingly tap water brought in a jug (definitely wasn't sparkling or even still) and they had overcharged us with an item we hadn't ordered. They did fix the bill for us after we complained about both the extra item and the water, but the waitress was a bit b1tchy about it.笑
We wen't here today to celebrate a birthday and it is our first time in that restaurant...Spanish Tapas...We ordered a tasting menu for $40/pp....the atmosphere is great...Food is fantastic and service of our waitress; Jasmine was the best as she is very attentive and answered all our questions...Definitely a go to restaurant.笑
Barsa Taberna is good but not great - it is missing that wow factor that every restaurants needs - whether its that one fabulous dish that you crave weeks after trying it or that amazing server that made your night.  In the end, I left feeling satisfied but not overly impressed.

The service was great (5 stars) - in a bigger group, I typically experience the service to take longer, but that was not the case. Drinks came cold and plates hot in an appropriate amount of time.  The waitress even divided it up into equal portions for us so there would be no fighting over food.  I love places that are willing to split up the bills for you. She was knowledgeable, helpful and very friendly. 

Sangria was quite sweet but tasty but they didn't have any red wine concoctions.  I felt like the food portions didn't fit the bill - 2 small piece of grilled octopus for $16, patatas bravas with braised beef cheek (poutine, Spanish style) for $20 and a mediocre charcuterie platter for $24.  No complaints for the seafood and piri piri paella or manchego churros (savory cheesy churros with saffron sofrito dipping sauce).  Both were delicious and if i had to go back, this is what I would get. 

This restaurant can accommodate large parties (lots of seating), dinner with friends (the atmosphere is lively) or date night (romantic/modern setting).

Tips: 
- check into Yelp for a free curados
- Half off sangria Tuesdays
- $5 caesars and mimosas Sundays笑
The good: the ambience/decor/architecture & mostly friendly staff

The bad: everything else, unfortunately. 

I really wanted to like this place b/c it was beautiful but the food was just so, so disappointing! My boyfriend & I ordered the Sangria Cava which was pleasant but we're pretty sure it had zero to very little alcohol in it b/c I had 2.5 glasses & no buzz. At all. And I'm a lightweight. It was also $45 for a "large" pitcher (=4.5 wine glasses, half full). I will say that the fruit was very fresh & tasty though. 

For food, we ordered the charcuterie but subbed out the chicken liver pate for chorizo. I appreciated the accommodation however, everything on the plate was extremely underwhelming (sic) including the tasteless, very hard crostini type bread. My boyfriend remarked that it just tasted like dead body & while that comment turned me off, he was not far from the truth. Next we had Pan con Tomate (decent but wouldn't order again b/c it was quite boring), shrimp w/ couscous (my boyfriend loved this dish but I don't eat seafood so can't comment), Patatas Bravas (pretty much your standard home fries w/ less tasty ketchup), Spanish noodles (I don't know what I was thinking here but I love mushrooms so I ordered it. It was tasty if you like excessive amounts of salt & I do but still way too much for me) & chimichurri steak (this was $42 for 3 slices of meat & while it was a tender & good quality cut, the chimichurri was HORRID & tasted like green Dijon w/ some horseradish). Also, we weren't asked how we'd like it served & it came out breathing. We politely sent it back for medium & they were kind about it & shockingly, the texture wasn't ruined when it was returned. 

The best part of this meal? The Marcona almond garnish on the steak = delish!

All of this came to $180 + tip!!!

To spend that much & not enjoy your meal made me very upset. The waitress asked once after the charcuterie if we had anything to tell the kitchen b/c we hardly ate anything & we just said it wasn't for us b/c in all honesty, we just wanted to say, "just make better tasting food that isn't RIDICULOUSLY overpriced" but comments like that aren't going to get too much respect so we just shut up & decided to never return. She never asked our thoughts on the meal after that one time nor did she offer to do anything else about it. 

Do not waste your time or money here (or else just have some mock Sangria to enjoy the interior design) before moving on to decent food elsewhere. 

Sorry Barsa, I hope something good moves into this space. Like, Bar Isabel.笑
Went here for my birthday last night after hearing from my boss that it was a great place. My grandpa (was has a walker) was with us and we advised them when we made our reservation. They went the extra mile and called us up prior to arriving to let us know that there were 3 steps at the entrance. 

It was relatively quiet (admittedly on a Sunday) but because it's such a cozy restaurant, it didn't feel like it. I loved the décor (it's a heritage building so a lot of the historic features were there including the brickwork). 

We ordered the following: octopus, sea bream ceviche, gazpacho soup (feature item), hot soup of the day, gazpacho interrupted, escalivada, patatas bravas, pork shoulder, beef tenderloin and chicken sewers on couscous (feature item). Everyone loved everything we got and we had a variety of eaters from seniors to vegetarians. 

The standout items in my opinion were the gazpacho interrupted (which is essentially a tomato salad with an amazing light dressing), the escalivda (nice mix of veggies with a great sauce that has a bit of a kick) and the pork shoulder (very moist and perfectly cooked pork which was topped off with a eclectic mix of veggies that paired really well).

Last but not least, we tried their Sangria. We played it safe and ordered the Rojo (Merlot vino, Torres brandy, peach liqueur, strawberry syrup, red wine oranges, brandy strawberries). The Sangria is made fresh, which gives them wiggle room to customize it to our tastes (we didn't want it to be too sweet. The best Sangria is usually one that's been 'marinating' for a few days however this one was one of the best I've had in the city.笑
Simply fantastic place. 

We were there accidently on their 1 year anniversary which ended in a big party! There were live music acts to start and during our meal, and although too cold for us, their patio looks awesome. 

Six of us had dinner there, and we sat in the main bar dining room as they were fully booked in the backroom. 

We loved the chef's special so much so that we ordered it twice! It is 6x tapas of the chef's choices. The food was thoughtfully put together, really varied and tantalizing for our taste buds. We liked the element of surprise. 

The service was awesome be it the hosts, barmen and waitresses we had, with the whole service staff working as a team instead of insisting they "go get your server" like most of Toronto... They also didn't auto-gratuity us as a group, which I am a huge fan of - allowing us to tip appropriately well based on the actual service provided.

I intend to return here a lot in the near future. True foodie heaven.笑
Romantic setting. Did the tasting menu (you tell the server what you like/don't like on the menu and they choose dishes for you). Food was delicious and well presented.  Sangrias were great as well. We will be back for sangria night and for special occasions. Very happy with service too. We were going to a show after and they brought the dishes out faster笑
Barsa Taberna is average. It is more like a family restaurant food but putting a steep price. 

We ordered the beef sirloin tartare as the starter and seafood paella as the main dish. 
it wasn't the best tartare but compared to the seafood paella, it is better.
The seafood paella is so mediocre that I felt a bit disappointed. There is not enough of seafood for the $55 price tag and it is quite salty as well.

I will go and hunt for another good restaurant for paella and won't return here again.笑
Great place! Went with a group of friends and ordered the $40 tasting dinner. We were afraid we'd be leaving hungry with a tasting menu but we were so full we even had leftovers to take. You can choose what you want included in the menu if you have specific requests. All the food we had was delicious, loved the seafood paella. Service was great, cocktails were amazing, and overall great value!笑
Went here a few nights ago with some co-workers. Great atmosphere. Staff very friendly, prices are reasonable and food is great. We ordered many dishes and shared among us. My favorite was the kale salad and the Spanish Noodles. Will definitely go back笑
Best sangria ive had in the city (sangria cava) with a generous amount of fruit. I will come back again and again for iit. The ambience and rustic decor is beautiful too. Food is delicious too but small portions and can be a bit pricey.笑
Fantastic sangria, good ambiance and the patatas bravas, charcuterie, and chorizo tasting and sweet tapas were good till the last bite.  Will definitely go back even if it's just for the sangria!笑
I came here for dinner after reading the positive reviews, the service is really friendly and professional and they were also hosting a private party at the same time, although I didn't mind the music the restaurant comped our sangria as well as sweet vermouth.  The food I really enjoyed and I was so full after!!! Portion wise it was just right笑
My husband and I are in town for our honeymoon and we wanted a fun fancier evening out. This place was perfect!

I was a little disappointed to find out when we arrived that someone had booked the entire restaurant so we had no choice but to sit on the patio. I get cold easily, was in a short dress and it was a little chilly for my liking but we decided to stay. Luckily their patio has heaters which made it tolerable. 

Our waitress was Tabitha and she was phenomenal. I have a gluten and dairy allergy and she was SO helpful with letting us know what could be made gluten free and dairy free and put the goodies my husband could eat that I couldn't on the side. 

The sangria cava was also delicious! After a glass of that and some good food to try, I forgot I was cold :-) we ordered the chorizo sample plate, bacon and egg, salad and the potato dish with added chorizo. All were delicious. The potato dish was was my favorite and the most filling. The bacon and egg was quite small, I'd probably skip that one. 

We had guava sorbet for dessert and it finished off our lovely evening! It definitely was not cheap, our meal came to 114. The sangria pitcher alone was 45. But it's a fun celebratory meal out!笑
I stopped in for a quick beer or two and a couple of "tapas". It was an enjoyable experience. The place is quite lovely with exposed limestone and I found the staff attentive and very pleasant. I ordered the croquettes and the octopus, which were both delicious and delivered promptly. The Estrella beer had just arrived and was a pleasant reminder of my summers spent in Spain. 

The counterbalance is that if you're looking for a truly Spanish restaurant or a genuine tapas bar, this place is neither at the moment. Their Spanish wine selection is quite small, the limited menu is "inspired by" but not truly Spanish, and they incorrectly seem to think (as most Canadian "tapas bars" do) that a tapa is a share plate versus a small individual dish hence the nearly $40 for two 'tapas', two beer and a tip. (these are my opinions only based on having lived in Madrid and visiting Spain every summer for years). Still, Barsa is a positive addition to the east side and I look forward to when their patio opens.笑
This place always looked like another tourist trap, but I went last night and was pleasantly surprised. We put the menu in the chef's hands and were able to sample a variety of great dishes.

The flavour combinations are on point and the food was very fresh. The ceviche really stood out for me, but nothing we tried was bad. The service and atmosphere also do not disappoint. 

Also, order the Sangria.笑
Thanks to the Yelp app, my friend and I was able to enjoy a free glass of white sangria. 

I must say...the sangria was so BOMB, this was the best drink I have had in a very long time. My friend from Vancouver was craving for some Spanish food and she had found this place close to her hotel. 

We ended up ordering the Grilled Octopus and Paella to share. The grilled octopus was kind of small but it was extremely tasty. We didn't notice how long we were waiting for the Paella because we were busy chatting away, but the chef wasn't happy with how the Paella turned out, so he decided to cook another batch. He was generous enough to give us complementary Albacore & Jamon Corquetas.

The place was decorated really nicely and since it was a beautiful day outside, we sat in the patio. The servers at the restaurant were polite and checked up on us regularly.

My friend and I would definitely come back to try the Rose Sangria and other items on the menu.笑
This restaurant comes highly recommended by many reviews. Personally I would never come here again. I understand tapas is small sharing plates but this place is way over priced for the quality and value. The bar and kitchen were extremely slow when the restaurant was not that busy. The only decent thing was the sangria, which is pretty good but by no means the best in the city (as advertised). Consider your options before coming here.笑
I'll give it 2 stars, as an average of 3-star visit and a 1-star visit.  

I've eaten here twice.  First time was on the patio on a weekday.  Did the tasting menu, but dined with a vegetarian so it wasn't their standard fare.  Generally, the food was inoffensive and forgettable, but the patio is really nice on a quiet laneway next to St Lawrence Mkt, and they do really good cocktails and multiple types of sangria.  3 stars.

2nd time I ate here was with a group of 4, seated inside.  Decor is nice and the place has a good vibe.  Food was hit and miss:  paella was good, but ribs with white chocoate was an experiment gone wrong.  The table next to us was complaining to the waiter about the speed that the dishes came out at.  The waiter spent a lot of time talking to them, as did a manager, and then also a hostess.   It resulted in other tables being ignored:  our table and another close-by kept trying to flag someone down to order.  I was eventually able to order a drink, but then I watched as that drink sat on the end of the bar for a reeeeally long time before someone brought it over to me-by which point we'd all finished eating, so I took a few sips (OK, maybe they were gulps) and left it. 

I'm a sucker for a good patio, so it's possible I'll be back for drinks sometime, but not to eat.笑
There are plenty of tapas restaurants in the city, and plenty of run-of-the-mill traps around the market, but our experience here was definitely top notch.

All our dishes were delicious. There was such a depth of flavours to all our dishes. Everything was cooked beautifully. And there's something to be said about a well-conceived cheese plate! It really shows that thought has been applied.

Barsa Taberna is tucked into the side of St Laurence Market in a beautiful space. If you're looking for modern tapas at a trendy spot, and not having to worry it's a tourist trap? I'd definitely give it a go!笑
Great tapas. Great for sharing. Right on market at across from St Lawrence.  Spanish style food.  Highly recommend the lamb bacon and salmon salad.  Great service.  Was not crowded Ina Tuesday for lunch.  Will return.笑
Great location, beautifully decorated and very nice serving staff. Unfortunately we really did not enjoy the food. We ordered the chef's choice tapas meal and could barely eat the dishes they brought. I have to say that when we advised our serving staff we weren't really enjoying the meal and in particular the beef tartar (which was horribly spiced) they very kindly brought a complimentary shrimp dish we really enjoyed. All of us have happily eaten tapas many times but we were very disappointed in everything except the shrimp. The restaurant has lot's of potential so I hope they improve their menu.笑
Great, attentive service even though I was dining during the rush lunch hour on a friday! Told the waitress to bring us whatever the chef reccomended and was not disappointed in the least bit by the variety of dishes I tried. Cool relaxed vibe on the patio. Definitely would return.笑
Great atmosphere, great presentation, good service, poor value.  Why? The price vs serving size is ridiculous. $55. For a paella that barely feeds two 
but is priced for 4. 4 shrimp, 4 mussels, 4 tiny clams and 4 minuscule prosciutto pieces with a small amount of rice. Perhaps it's the amount of food we should eat but what I have found in all tapas style restaurants, they charge at least twice the price for the amount of food served.  Vowing never to go to a tapas style restaurant again.笑
im happy to have landed on this restaurant unexpectedly.  its cool chic underground without feeling dingy.  infact its chic, cool, modern.  great place for a drink or a date.  i came here for brunch and the eggs benedict was on point.  creative and savoury.  im happy to have landed on it.  varioud wait staff was  friendly笑
Update: I received an email from the owner recently. He was apologetic that I did not really enjoy my dinner (I gave it 2 stars in my original yelp review). He explained that they are really interested in making everyone's dining experience great and very kindly and generously offered me dinner on the house.

I am very impressed with their great customer service and I will go back soon.笑
Honestly, I had to make a Yelp account just to voice my thoughts on a truly terrible dining experience. My friend's beef was poorly marinated and didn't taste fresh at all, the cheese platter we ordered was a JOKE, the paella was lacklustre, our sangria was bland, and our server gave us attitude when we pointed out that he split our bills incorrectly. I would not recommend this restaurant at all!!! If you want the best paella in town, go to Patria! 

There were not many redeeming qualities about this place but I'm giving it two stars because the ambience of the place was nice and they gave my friend free churros on the house because it was her birthday. This place is still a pass.笑
So, my friends and i have been to Barsa three times now. The first time was just when they opened and it was two of us and it was fabulous. The Sangria cake, manchego Churros, delish! The second time, it was a party of eight for dinner, we took over the top tier of the patio and enjoyed the weather, Rojo Sangria and as much tapas as they could feed us(dropped $600. that night) Barsa is not Cheap. This third time(today), my friend and I went for a quick lunch. We took advantage of the Free glass of Sangria if we shared the Barsa page, I took the time to pre-order our lunch (we were on a tight schedule) so that everything would be ready when we got there. Got there, no space on the patio, no worries, we will sit inside, no fuss. I stated, we pre-ordered, everything should be ready. Needless to say, it was not, waited and waited, got our sangria after proving that we shared the link on Facebook(10 mins). It was another 20 minutes before the server came out to say that the potato dish i had ordered 1 hour ago could not be made as they did not have the potatoes. Fine, give us fries, by the way, what we ordered was miniscule(Manchego churros, Lasagnette, patatas Bravas, cheese bocadillo and sangria cake). The server then proceeded to ask if we would like the first course then more sangria before the 2nd course.....we said, just bring all the food at once as we are now 35 minutes into our lunch with no food. The churros came first, then the sangria cake with the lasagnette, we scarfed that down and the cheese bocadillo with fries came after we were done with dessert(15 minutes later). Scarfed that down, asked for bill, paid(no discount, no comp...... nothing)....one of the owners was there and on the way out said, sorry about the long wait for the food! Really!! Really!!!! I took the time to pre-order, i have talked up this resto to so many people....dropped $600. in one go at this place. Barsa, you are going to have to earn a return visit from and my friends. No matter how good your rojo sangria is.....it is not worth it.