Good workers but Not enough. They need to hire at least three extra people for shift. More workers, more people through the drive through, more money.Ǿ
Tiny little Dairy Queen which now sells Orange Julius drinks.  Got a julius to go.  I don't think they've quite perfected making them, because my julius drink was missing some key components, making it taste like a sugary slushie rather than a frothy, light drink.  The mango pineapple flavor of the julius itself was more mango, not so much pineapple, and as mentioned before, tasted overwhelmingly sweet (Probably because my drink was just syrup and crushed ice).Ǿ
June 12 4:15pm,  went inside to order.  Was hit in the face with the smell of Urine,  stood alone at the counter for almost 10 minutes,  no one - not one single person said a word to us, they saw us but ignored us. The smell was so bad we went to the Drive thru,  the prices were high but we got our food.  
The Wife got Chicken Strips and I got a Cheeseburger,  later that night we both were sick.  

Then June 18 9:04pm, went to the Drive thru for 3 Blizzards and 2 cheeseburgers / fries.  The price was insane,  $35.00!  I asked the guy in the window if that was right and he said let me check.  Fair enough.
While I was waiting I was looking inside their store,  and it was filthy to the point of being gross.  There was melted Ice Cream, little Candies and crushed nuts all over the Food Prep area, there was food on the floor,  and what seemed to be water spilled on other flat surfaces.  Not from anyone wiping the surfaces off.  There didn't appear to be anyone cleaning anything.  
I got so grossed out, I just got the Blizzards and skipped the food.  
I was in shock,  I have never seen a place that dirty.Ǿ
Small dairy queen that meets the needs, ask for malts extra think and enjoyǾ
Got a flamethrower. Saw what looked like a hair hanging out the bottom. Needless to say I did not eat it.Ǿ
Stop advertising iron-grilled sandwiches if your grill has been broken for FIVE months!  I complained via the DQ website and received a well-written letter from the franchise owner.  In his letter, he said that the grill had been replaced and enclosed two coupons for a free iron-grilled sandwich.  When I used the coupons, in two different visits, both times, the sandwiches were served on toasted bread, not iron-grilled.  The second time I was told that the iron grill didn't work,  WTF?  Fix the damn grill or take it off the menu.  I mean seriously.Ǿ
If I could give it 0 stars I would! Seriously the WORST place to get soft serve/ blizzards. The customer service is horrible and the soft serve they use on the blizzard is so watery that it looks like a shake instead of a blizzard. The drive-thru line during the weekend is outrages. Do NOT go to this location.Ǿ
Nearly every item I ordered they where either out of parts to make it, or didn't know how to yet. ("Our manager hasn't taught us how to make it yet.")Ǿ
The service was not even ok; the whole staff was rude and looked like they didn't want to be there. Then it took over 20 minutes to receive my food; and when I finally did receive it everything was cold & my bf order was wrong. The bbq sauce which wasn't requested was placed inside my chicken meal and had some white liquid on the label. The fries (probably contaminated by the white stuff) tasted cheesy and smelt sour. I was so completely dissatisfied by the service and the food that I did not stay to order my fudge cookie a la mode, which was the sole purpose of my trip. I will no longer be coming to this dairy queen until it smells proper and the staff is trained.Ǿ
Yeah, I love Blizzards. Unfortunately the price keeps going up and up and the newer mini size is a total rip off. Gotta say I've never tried their food, and I have no real desire to.Ǿ
This was the first and last time I will ever be going to this Dairy Queen location. I ordered blizzards and when I got up to the window the lady took my card and then told me the total. The total was too low for what I ordered and before I could say anything she disappeared. At this point she wasn't frustrated, so the drive-thru window closed nicely. When she comes back she hands me the receipt and my card and then tries to hand me a large drink. I hand it back to her and tell her that this is not what I ordered. She takes the drink back and just looks at me. I then repeat what I ordered and she apologizes, but this time slams the window closed and then disappears again.  She comes back and tells me that since she charged me for the wrong drink the remaining balance for the blizzards is due. I hand her my card again. She tells me that she will get the blizzards and then slams the drive-thru window again. She comes back and hands me the blizzards and doesn't say a word. She doesn't say "have a nice day" or anything. She just slams the window again and then turns her back to me until I drive away. Before pulling into traffic, I checked the blizzards. You know how they can turn the cup upside down and it won't be melted? Well this would not have been the case. I wish I would have had her test the blizzards by turning them upside down before taking them, because they would have spilled all over the place. I am not super picky on the blizzards being somewhat melted, but this "ice cream" was so melted I could have used a straw to drink it.Ǿ
After waiting 40 minutes we finally got our order. I actually think we were in the drive thru line longer than that, but i am trying to be generous. The person at the window starts handing the items to my husband one at a time, when he asked for a bag, the kid said you want a bag? He closed the window after a few minutes a girl gave my husband rhe stuff in the bag. Um yes a bag... they handed him the wrong blizzard, then he gave it back they gave him the right one. I would not have waited this long in line except once u get in line u cannot get out because the drive thru is so narrow u cannot go around. Ps they did not hold his blizzard upside down so I'm sure it is a melted mess. Almost home so we will know soon.Ǿ
Actually deserves no stars. Takes an hour to make one bilzzard and fries. The staff is so rude and careless And they ALWAYS forget something!!!! I hate this DQ.