This is the best chicken cheese steak in the city. Ask for Demetrius to make your steak. He is from outside Philly.  I'm from Philly and have not a steak this good in a long time. Keep up the good work and don't change.Ǿ
New Owners! Totally revamped the place. Love the 50's feel. Excellent service by Kayleigh. Enjoyed the Po-Boy at reasonable price!Ǿ
I love the food however on many occasions my husband I witnessed disgusting habits from the cook, not changing gloves from raw burgers to plating cooked food, scratching his head with gloves then touching food...its just a matter of time before people get sick. On top of that if you truly look around at restaurant you'll notice how dirty the entire place is. It's no wonder their health grade is so low. Unless a new owner comes in and actually cares/cleans up the place and trains employees through servsafe we won't be back. It's a shame how the place is managed.Ǿ
We voiced our opinion to the manager who was waiting at checkout and asked how it was so this is purely for others that may be contemplating this place. The restaurant itself could be cute but it was messy and definitely could have used a good top to bottom cleaning.  The crew is rude. We asked for fries to be extra crunchy on 2 orders and that must have been so against the rules, they came out lukewarm. Refills are not a thing they do here as the waitress brought us our drinks and never checked on us, it wasn't busy at all! We made eye contact with a different waitress who was sitting with her boyfriend while he visited her....and she rolled her eyes at us. None of them wear name tags so its not like you can complain. Our waitress' hair was a mess and I am positive someone got some hair with their meal that day. Asking for extra mayo on the side is also like pulling teeth, we had 5 orders she brought out 2 containers of mayo...next time I will be sure I go to mcdonalds or chicfila as this food is really no better and the price is much higher.Ǿ
Our first experience when Hwy 55 first opened left us so underwhelmed we haven't been back since.  However, we decided to give it another try since they're advertising new local owners.  I'm glad we did.  We had a much better experience.  Service was vastly improved and the food was very good.  The menu is very limited, so if you're not in the mood for a burger or dog, I'd suggest elsewhere.  The cheeseburgers are very good and prices are reasonable.  Decor is somewhat like a 50s diner.  I'm not totally sold on the decor, but I get it's their identity for the chain.  Can be very loud, but its very family friendly.Ǿ
Food is nothing special. I can make better at home. Burger was small and smashed when I got it home. Fries tasted like nothing and were cold. I am just glad I didn't have to pay very much for this. Just disappointing.Ǿ
I got the bacon cheeseburger and I regretfully didn't get Andys size. The smaller size seem to get lost on the bun. My hubby got the the bbq and chili burger. He said it was really good. I got a side of onion rings they were pretty good. He got chili cheese fries and said they were good. My favorite part was the malted moose tracks shake. My least favorite part was the girl that rung us up. You want to talk about rude? We decided to get a rewards card because we enjoyed lunch a lot. We asked the girl how it works and she snatched it out of my husband's hand and wouldn't even show him. If the service was like what she gave we would not return.Ǿ
Been here twice so far and this is definitely one of the best places for shakes!! If you're big on shakes and malts, I recommend it! I'm going to try out a burger next time for sure!!!Ǿ
This place just opened in town and it didn't disappoint. Great burgers, great cheesesteaks and awesome onion rings and fries. It's a great place to take the family, and a great selection of ice cream. It's a great throwback to the 1950s.Ǿ
Ehhhh not a big fan.  Burgers ok.  Not bad.  Nothing outstanding or bad about it.  Very average.  Good value for money. BǾ
Since this restaurant is under new management everything is better. The food is fresher, made to order, the whole place is much cleaner.  The staff are friendly and accommodating.  This is just a good old school diner style burger joint.Ǿ
Welcome to Harrisburg! Loved eating at Andy's Burgers in Locust and now you are 5 minutes from me! Double cheeseburger with extra cheese please! Staff is always friendly even when they are slammed! See you soon!Ǿ
This place is new in Harrisburg and I have to say that the only real good thing about this place is the desserts and the 1950's theme. I had a shake and it was probably one of the best shakes I had, and had it not been for the EXTREMELY salty burger and the dirty table, I probably would have gave this place at least 4 stars. Also even though I know they meant well, its not really in good taste for the server to come to the table every 5 seconds asking if everything is ok. I can understand once or twice,
But not that many times.Ǿ
My daughter and I went here for a quick mother daughter date. We came on a Monday and to my surprise kids it eat free Monday thru Wednesday! I love positive surprises! The food was pretty good and their custard was too die for. Kids get a free cup with the kids meal. Great burger place and I will definitely bring my whole family back!Ǿ
Great food so-so service & prices.    Great burgers  some of best around.  Service is good right in the door and food comes quick but then hard to get a follow up visit. They always appear understaffed.    Prices about 7-8 per person.Ǿ
Under new management & everything is WAY better. Great food & great service. A must when in Harrisburg!  Great burgers & cheesesteaks.Ǿ
we been here several times, and the food and portions are awlays great! In fact, their philly cheese steak is much better than Hawthornes Pizza serves! Shakes and burgers are great! Glad to have this in Harrisburg!!Ǿ
Since my last review they've definitely improved their service...food is still great. And, we now get an itemized bill which makes me very happy!Ǿ
We ventured up to Harrisburg from the UC to see if we could beat the rush on a Friday night and check out the new sensation- based on previous drive bys and crowds on weekends we had seen- to hit the 'burg.  The manager was friendly, the staff was also working hard to be welcoming to all the folks coming in and out and the menu seemed appealing.  My first BIG recommendation is to avoid ANYTHING that has the John Boy and Billy sauce on it!!!  I got the John Boy and Billy's Burger- with that sauce- but the menu stated that it also had mustard, onions, chili and onion rings on it - I don't care for bacon- so I thought it would be good since I was unfamiliar with what was inside of those JB&B bottles. HUGE MISTAKE!!!!! The whole burger was COMPLETELY overpowered and slathered with that sauce, which to me, was a disgusting, terribly sweet tasting and totally detracting condiment on a burger. My "chili" was a dollop under the patty ( I literally had to look for it since I NEVER tasted it) and I was just dismayed at how gross a burger it was.  The onion rings were frozen so pretty tasteless as well. Upon reflection, I should have kept it simple and ate the Andy's Cheeseburger instead and I would recommend to all if you are going to eat here or any of the new locations coming into the UC and the rest of Charlotte to do the same.

The mister had the JB&B  Chicken sandwich, which wasn't slathered as badly in this sauce- we agreed we couldn't imagine having the chicken wings with this sauce on them- but he said the chicken, while appearing to be a nice, thick chicken breast, had absolutely no taste.  The frozen custard ( it's their dessert "thing")  of the day was blue raspberry and they kindly gave us a taste sample. It certainly helped sway me from having a chocolate malt as it just tasted sweet. The other option used for just about everything dessert is the vanilla custard which, in fairness, I didn't taste. After the disaster that was the cheeseburger I decided I had been disappointed enough for one evening.

Maybe the intent is to be like an old time soda shop or maybe it is inspired by Johnny Rocket's- which is far better in my opinion. Either way, how you cannot have something as simple as a cheeseburger be good is beyond me.  The two of us agreed we would have been better pleased had we 1) stayed at home and made our cheeseburger/chicken sandwich ourselves or 2) gone to Cook-Out or Steak & Shake. I think our whole bill was less than $14, so your taste buds/expectations may be different from mine and the prices don't make it cost prohibitive to try- just tread with caution. As for us, we came, we saw, we will not be back.Ǿ
Good food. Generally quick service. Their shrimp is great as well as the custard. Always seems to be a friendly staff on hand and the prices are affordable.Ǿ
A very big pet peeve of mine is when a restaurant has dirty tables that have just been sitting there unattended. That was the very first thing I noticed when walking into Hwy 55. How hard is it to keep your tables clean? Especially when they aren't even busy. Also, the employees were carrying on conversations throughout the entire restaurant. Basically shouting at each other. It was very disruptive and made it hard to enjoy our dinner. Service is everything and since their service is lacking, we will not be going back.Ǿ
Hamburgers are still awesome. Fries and onion rings were overdone and greasy. Service was slowest I have ever encountered. We were only people there at 6:30 pm. Should've told us something had changed.Ǿ
Fun place to eat. My daughter had a cheese burger and I had a shrimp Po Boy. Food was excellent and service was great. Prices were very reasonable for the amount of food. Waitress came back and checked on us plenty of times and kept our drinks full. There was not a long  wait for our food and is cooked fresh. I would recommend eating here, we will be returning.Ǿ
What a great find in Harrisburg. 

We saw Hwy 55 one day while driving through Harrisburg so we stopped by to pick up a menu. Tonight we finally made it back and we loved it.

Hwy 55 is a salute to Americana and old 50's drive-thrus. Burgers, dogs, onion rings and custards are found on the menu. They also feature burgers recommended by customers as well as a having a 6 patty burger challenge. Eat it in 30 minutes and it's FREE. 

The burgers are awesome and juicy. Be sure to try the frozen custard....its really good. Service is fast and friendly. If you want a great hamburger Hwy 55 is the spot.Ǿ
i love there hamburgers and wings, best chain hamburger on east coast. still trying to work up the nerve to try the hwy 55 challenge. staff is great.Ǿ
Took my daughter here today for a little daddy/daughter meal and the waitress was great making her a vanilla frozen custard with Reese Cups, after her dinner.  I had a cheese steak sandwich that was really good too. Their burgers are pretty good, but I like a charbroiled taste better.  

Love the 50s style and the oldies music!  Reminds me of places my mom took me when I was little.Ǿ
This is my second favorite burger place. It's leagues above your run-of-the-mill  fastfood place. The decor centers around a 50's like diner. 

The chain used to be known as Andy's and nothing seems to be very different. The burgers are fresh and cooked to order and the bacon is real.  Although I do feel a mini heart attack every time I go but I just cant stay away.  

I wish there was more that I could say but you'll just have to try it for yourself.Ǿ
After giving the new management two times to get it right... Its still lacking, severely. Went in again today, and some guy who just tries too hard asks aLOUD who has table two? The owner ( lady) said she would take it. Finally, the loud dude comes over with menus and came back to take our order. Food delivered, and we were on our own. While watching staff, they all seemed out of sync. Not even organized chaos.  Eventually, we had to go up to the bar to get refills ourselves. So much for the service side.... Now to the food.... It was just average. One of us ordered a bacon cheeseburger and the bacon was a twisted mound the size of a golf ball stuck under the bun. The buns were cold as if just out of a bag. The onion rings were really greasy as if the fryer oil wasn't hot enough.  Only one custard flavor and only one side of the machine had custard, which was dripping from the spout. Sure, this place may have changed, but not nearly enough. True restaurant experience is still amiss.Ǿ
Good burger and crinkle cut fries. The 50's vibe and a courteous staff add to the location. They need to dust some of the lights and clean a bit, but it's not bad.Ǿ
Save your time, money and bypass this place. We have given this establishment multiple times to get it together and yesterday was our last time. We walked in, sat down and nobody ever came over to bring menus, get drinks, take order and worst of all, they were not even busy. Went to the register to grab somebody to come over and help us, totally ignored. We walked out and I have a call into the corporate office. Could be a great place but they NEVER have it together. Again, save your time, money and most of all, frustration.Ǿ
When you're craving a burger, this is a fab spot to enjoy! Ambiance was fun & I loved the 50's music. I especially loved the custom toppings; various cheeses, veggies, condiments. Friendly and quick service. High recommend!Ǿ
This is just bland and fried food.  The staff is very sweet, but if you're looking for a really tasty burger, keep driving.  

It is a decent place for a shake, however, and would be popular with kids.  It's not expensive, and it's pretty fast service.  It's a local chain, but there's nothing really special here.Ǿ
Hello fellow Yelpers!

This was really good, great burger! Even Elvis was there...on the walls. The burger buns were soft & yummy. I was there with my lovely wife, her buns too are soft & yummy. Next time we're bringing the kids. 

I just know I'll be stepping on those cardboard car tray things on the floor as soon we return home from our next delicious meal!Ǿ
Awesome place! Great ambiance and really good food. 
6$ for burger, ff and a large drink. 
Definitely  recommended!Ǿ
Another unimpressive restaurant in Harrisburg. Have given them numerous tries and have never been more than meh at best. Service leaves a lot to be desired as well. If I want a good cheap burger, our best option is Foster's at Concord Mills unfortunately. I really wish Hwy 55 were better.Ǿ
My husband and I enjoyed our Philly cheesesteaks very much! Staff was very attentive, polite and pleasant. Felt like the kind of place where they'd get to know you and make you feel at home. Will definitely be back. Even the owner's young daughter was on her A game! Very well run!