food ordered: $13.99 prime rib, baked potato, steamed green beans & soup + beer

food:  prime rib was nicely flavored, big cut, lots of fatty parts tho. portion was huge, enough for two people to share.  ordered the hef beer but not sure if the waitress brought out the wrong beer, but the hef was very very light, see through even!

misc: cafe is located inside the Ellis Island casino.  This is an older casino that allows smoking inside.  the smell of smoke was very strong. walked out smelling like an ash tray! 

Parking: some parking spaces in front of the casino. Parking structure located in the back of the casino.笑
Cheap breakfast, decent food, slightly sketchy atmosphere (expected for an off-the-strip small casino). A group I guys I work with meet here on Fridays before work (anywhere from 2-16 of us). If you come for breakfast - ask to be seated in Veronica's section - she's the only one who handles our group well.
Steak and egg special is hit and miss - somedays it's great, others... not so much.
Biscuits & gravy, French toast, etc are all good.笑
Great restaurant. Always super busy even on week days! The portion size is great and big. 

The fish and chips was amazing!!
The prime rib was also good!!笑
This is definitely the best value breakfast in Vegas. Prices are reasonable, for two people we spent around 20$ with the tip included. The waitresses are very nice. The place is clean and doesn't smell like smoke. Food is very, very good, and you get a lot of it. Left full and happy every time.笑
Wow you can not beat these prices!  Tons of food, quick and funny server, I did not catch her name.  Our Uber driver recommended this place to us on our visit to Las Vegas this past weekend.  The reviews might be over the top, but we went for breakfast at around 10am, no drunks, no limited menu (we were not forced to eat the steak and eggs, but come on for $6.99?)  We got everything we ordered.  We would like to thank our server for calling out JEFF.  JEFF says thank you!  This place was packed and we had to wait for 10 minutes for a table of 8.  The guy behind us was not happy with the size of his steak but hey buddy its only $6.99 come on! 

We enjoyed it and will stop by here again on our next visit to Vegas.笑
I wish I knew about this place sooner when it comes to after hours breakfast. You can't go wrong for the price - the plate of steak, eggs, and home fries are something to crave for.

Avoid the daylight like a vampire; on a return trip the wait was 45 minutes.笑
We arrived at around 12:15am and there was no wait. Note that the sign for this place reads "Village Pub." 

Service was a little slow from our server. Restaurant was about 60% full. She greeted us, got our drink order and it took about 8 mins to get our two waters. We ordered around 12:30am two steak specials and a cup of chicken noodle soup cause I figured the soup would come out fast and I was starving when we got here. Soup took a while to come out too but I was just happy to get a little something in me.

When they say "cup of soup" it's like half a cup lol the thing was super small. It was on the watery side, barely had any noodles and chicken. It was served hot though, which I appreciated.

Onto the steaks! We finally got it at 1am! 30 mins to get Steggs, which has been the longest I've ever had to wait for it, ever.


I agree with other yelpers that the stegg late night special here, even though it's like $2 more than other places, is probably one of the best I've had in Vegas. (The cafe at Arizona Charlie's on boulder highway is a close second for me. It was a plus that you didn't need a players card to have the special here at ellis) 

The quality of the steaks are actually good and cooked almost perfect. I ordered medium and my bf wanted medium rare. I got medium well and he got medium. 

The steaks weren't grainy or tough and when you cut into it the delicious juices actually were retained in the steaks and you can notice it in the pic posted. They were also seasoned well.

The potatoes o'brien were luke warm and not hot, sadness.. and my poached eggs were cooked half soft boiled and half hard boiled. The toasts didn't have much butter on them.. sadness again..

The karaoke did get annoying but was somewhat entertaining at the same time lol

Overall, we came for steaks and we got steaks that actually satisfied. I'd  rather pay a little more to enjoy my food rather than rely solely on the price and not enjoy it while eating.

We did see the table next to us order the king cut prime rib and I must say, it looks darn good. That thing was HUGE! Definitely plenty for two to share as it was 2 inches thick! At a good price to boot, $16.

We'll be back to try that prime rib out the next time for sure as well as the raved French onion soup (:笑
Signed up for the player's card and got a free $5 slot play and a discount on dinner. Waited about 20 minutes but they will text you when your table is ready so you can gamble or wander around. Our server was an older gentleman, wonderful customer service. I ordered fish & chips and got 3 huge pieces with fries for $8.99 and it was really good! Hubby got the steak special and said it was great! Even though it was packed, we weren't rushed!

The washrooms were the cleanest I have seen while in Vegas (always a good sign to me)笑
Ran into this place by accident seeing the pictures of food posted in the front from far away, jokingly told my buddy and my wife that the steak comes with a pint of guinness.. So we decided to check it out and wow... The place didnt disapoint.. The wait was a lil long but we knew that by the line coming in, we all the sirloin steak special for $8.99 that did come with a pint of the home brewed beer of your choice.. Food was excellent steak was cooked perfectly and the beer was delicious.. So we had a few more pints for $2 and change a piece.. Awesome find.. Cant wait to come back to the devil's playground...笑
***** warning****  the $9.99 steak special no longer includes the beer or root beer!!!

and they arent telling anyone when they order!笑
This is a great place to have breakfast, lunch or dinner, prices are very reasonable, this time we came for breakfast, i got the pancake special, 2 pancakes, 2 eggs and 3 pieces of either bacon or sausage, $5.99 my husband got the steak and eggs $6.99, what a great deal! Service was awsome, lucy was our waitress, she was great! Very attentive and always with a smile despite of how busy it was. Yes i do recomend this place food is tasty along with good service!笑
What an amazing place for its location, you don't have all the tourists of the Las Vegas Strip. By far an amazing place to eat great for their steak special.笑
Decent food and cheap prices but very slow service on this Friday night.  It's also right next to the casino so you'll smell smoke through your entire meal.笑
Food and service was excellent!  Went to breakfast here instead of dumping big bucks into casino buffet on strip.  So glad we did. Chicken fried steak and steak and eggs both get two thumbs up. Alex our server was simply the best!笑
Five stars for value.  Quality steak and tasty fries for ten bucks.  Great service.  Whole casino has a nice local atmosphere.笑
5.99 steak and eggs. The steak was actually great, cooked to medium perfectly. Ordered pancakes too which were delicious. Slightly off the strip but worth the drive or taxi or walk. You can't find more food that is actually great for this price. 

The casino is nice too which makes the 35 minute wait managable because it has $5 roulette.  

Staff and servers so friendly too. Go here, you won't regret it.笑
A local favorite. This place was recommend to try because of the cheap prices and great food. While the food wasn't amazing, it wasn't awful and the plate size was acceptable! The biggest winning thing this place was the price tag. It's cheap to eat! 

The service was ok, not the best ever but again not awful. The food was event but NO SUBSTITUTIONS on any plates. That was a let-down really. Also, their website menu was outdated or wrong, so don't look there to plan your meal either. 

Overall this place gets three stars because it want terrible but certainly wasn't a dump. If in Vegas and looking for a place like Denny's, this is it.笑
Wow, this is seriously my go-to place for cheap eats and large portions in Las Vegas.  The $6.99 steak and eggs deal which runs 11pm until 10am the next day is incredible in value and portions.  They also have their own brewed beer.  I wanted to try out their porter but they didn't have it so I settled with the IPA.  It wasn't too bad but it was only $2.50 for a tall glass!  Not too shabby.  I wouldn't even have stepped foot into this place if I didn't stay next door at the Super 8 motel.  Great place!!  Keep it up!笑
Yelping is about sharing cool places. I am writing this review to share a cool restaurant in the shadow of the Las Vegas Strip that charges old school prices for good food. It is the Ellis Island Cafe in the Ellis Island Casino. 

   Sometimes I wonder if they call Las Vegas Boulevard the Strip because the inflated prices of the restaurants strip your wallet. Maybe I am exaggerating but the prices are high. Take the Nathan's in the Bally's food court. A fast food hot dog, medium drink, and fries is around $17. A block east of the Bally's food court Nathan's is the Ellis Island Cafe where you can have a chicken parmesain with pasta and marinara sauce dinner including cup of soup or salad plus beverage for less than $15. This was the kind of deal I appreciate when I am on the Las Vegas Strip. 

   Ellis Island Cafe is one of those restaurants where locals and tourists mingle. It really is a short walk along the south sidewalk of Flamingo Road from the Bally's food court doors into the Ellis Island doors. The upshot is there are a sundry of tourists sharing the full service cafe with the locals. Being a local, the restaurant is familiar. Ellis Island Cafe is the flagship of the Village Pub chain that is a popular restaurant /casino lounge chain across the valley. Although I was dining in the shadow of the Las Vegas Strip, I was truly in a Village Pub. 

   There were two omens that Ellis Island Cafe is a great deal. The first omen is "People love us on Yelp" and the second omen is the hour wait. Upon placing my name, the friendly woman at the podium informed me that there was an hour wait when she presented me with a beeper. I was free to roam the smoky casino or enjoy an Ellis Island draft beer at the bar. After tiring of walking the second hand smoke clogged casino, I took to waiting on one of the comfortable plush benches in the dimly lit restaurant. 

   If I wasn't decided on the chicken parmesain, there was so many choices to choose from. If it were any day instead of Saturday, there was a weekday special. And this was one major difference from the Village Pub. I recall the Village Pub offering a prime rib special on Saturday. Then again I could of opted for a steak special or several deals on the sprawling menu that I am sure included prime rib. Then again I could of ordered the delicious fish and chips, shrimp, or meatloaf that I have enjoyed at previous Village Pub visits. 

  Subsequential to the buzzer illuminating, I sat at a table in the dimly illuminated dining area. The waiter took my order. The waiter was a nice guy who volunteerily charged me for a coffee in lieu of a Coke to lower my check; however I would have liked to seen more of him. After placing the chicken parmesain on the table, if I'd seen him again I would have kindly asked for grated cheese because it does make pasta taste better. And I'd ask for a soda refill. From all my Village Pub there is usually a flaw with service. It reminds me of a Diner serving decent food at a reasonable price with a quirk in service. 

   For $9.99 off the Las Vegas Strip the food was a jackpot. We are talking chicken parmesain with pasta and soup for $9.99 that is a 777 a roll of the dice from the crossroads of Las Vegas Boulevard and Flamingo Road. This time I had a cup of  cream of broccoli soup. Tasty and good! Last time I had salad with ranch dressing. Good! Both times the chicken parmesain topped with that melting cheese and delectable sauce complimented by pasta was satisfying and filling. 

   Just a roll of the dice away from Bally's value lives on at the Ellis Island Cafe. Thank you for taking the time to read this review. It's been a pleasure to share with you on Yelp the outstanding deals that Ellis Island Cafe offers in the shadow of the Las Vegas Strip.笑
We typically go to their BBQ restaurant but decided to try the steak special tonight.  For the very low price, including a beer, it was a great dinner!  They serve it with soup which tonight was the New England Clam Chowder and I could gladly have called that my dinner, but then came the perfectly cooked steak, potato and veggie (had corn instead of green beans).  The food was good!  We were looking for a casual steak place for when we don't want to get too fancy or spend the big $ on the other steakhouses so this works perfectly for those causal nights.  The rest of their menu is very affordable as well, clean, and excellent service.笑
If you are craving an old school diner breakfast while staying on the strip, I encourage you to check out Ellis Island Cafe.  The best value breakfast is their sirloin steak and eggs plate.  They even know how to make an over medium style egg properly.  Great service from Suzie, our server too!笑
We had a great meal for a reasonable price. The place was not fancy, it looked like a vintage casino and an american dinner. Food was very good, we ate meat and chicken with fries and mashed potatoes. 
Walking distance from the strip.笑
this always hovers between 3 and 4 stars. 

can't go wrong with late night steak dinner or late late night steak and eggs.

main issue is the steak never, and I mean NEVER, comes out as requested. I personally like med to med well. no pink juices for me. light pink inside but no pink juice. UGH. 

ordered med once and got burnt rubber. seriously? next time asked for med rare and got med well, leaning towards well. 

don't look for consistency in the cuts of the steak either, won't get it. 

why the 3-4 star rating? great late night spot, funny drunk people at the karaoke bar (which you can hear from the café) entertaining (drunk) customers to watch, amazing in house made root beer, super good burgers and really good mashed potatoes LOL笑
Got a tip from a co-worker that this was the place to go for a reasonably priced dinner in Vegas.  He also made allusions to picking up the tab to sweeten the deal.  Fine.  As they say in Vegas, I'm all in.

The cafe is tucked into the back of the Ellis Island Casino and Brewery, which is off the Strip just southeast of the Westin Hotel on Flamingo.  A three minute walk from there.  

Once your eyes adjust from the glare outside to the darkness inside, the first thing that hits you is the cigarette stink.  Hey, it's Vegas, I know.  It's a casino, I know.  And this place is a throwback, I know.  I get it.  But god almighty, the place reeked of stale Marlboros long since converted to ash and emphysema.

Classic (some call it 'retro') vinyl booths and simple 4 place wood tables at which to dine.  Do not expect antiseptic cleanliness, however.  Everything I touched just kinda felt grimy.  Server took his time showing up to our table.  He was nice enough, but really slow.  Looking around, I saw LV bus drivers at one table, plenty of retirees, a cop or two and just a few random tourists in pleated shorts, t-shirts and sandals.  It's a local place, for sure.

Yep, the "off the menu" steak special is still there.  But you need to have the players card and a coupon to get it now.  Still, $8.99 for a hunk of meat, green beans, spud, salad and beer is a pretty good deal.  My co-worker ordered that.  I ordered the fish and chips with a salad and beer.

First, the beer was good.  I had a Hefe.  Coworker said his IPA was tasty as well.  SIde salad was typical iceberg with cherry tomato and croutons.  At least it was fresh.

Coworker said his steak was "great".  He didn't finish it, though.  Which kinda struck me as odd.  It wasn't like it was so gargantuan that he needed a stomach pump or a bucket, he just decided to take it back to his hotel room to "have it for breakfast".  Whatever.

My fish and chips was impressive looking.  3 huge slabs of freshly made cod, dipped and deep fried resting on a generous bed of 'chips'--you know, thick cut french fries.  

But...the fish was really greasy (and kinda dry, alas) and the chips were soggy--all of them.  No amount of lemon, malt vinegar, tartar sauce or ketchup could save what really was a balloon angioplasty in a basket.  I rarely have fish and chips, but the menu said that it was one of the 'house specialties'.  I didn't come close to finishing because the grease really was overpowering.

So...some greasy food served up in a cigarette stank house where you sit on vinyl booths that stick as you move around.  Bottom line: good beer, it's cheap (for Vegas), old-school throwback cheesy (it's Vegas) and certainly will fill your gut, if that's what you want, and if you disregard what your cardiologist might say--and hold your nose for the stink.  

As they say, what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas, indeed.  Keep it there.  I won't be back.笑
Bestes Steak n Eggs zum Breakfast

Das Ellis Island ist gleich hinter dem Vegas Strip. 
Das Casino ist schon etwas älter und die Brauerei riecht man deutlich.
Aber das Cafe ist ideal für ein Frühstück wenn man Jetlag hat ;-)

Das Cafe ist von der Atmosphäre her ein 0815 Lokal. 
Der Service ist durchschnittlich, aber freundlich.
Aber es gibt ein gutes Steak mit Rührei und Toast für $6.99
Für Vegas ein sehr guter Preis,
und das alleine ist es Wert anstelle der Frühstücks-Buffets einmal ins Ellis Island zu gehen.笑
I enjoyed my $6.99 steak & eggs at Ellis Island on a recent trip to Vegas. I had only recently heard of this place and their breakfast specials including the chicken fried chicken & eggs but I just had to get the steak & eggs and it hit the spot for sure. I ordered mine cooked medium, stayed with the country potatoes and white toast. The steak was decent cut sirloin. I think I would order medium rare next time as it was cooked more than I'd like towards the ends. I heard later on from cousins that frequent the place for this same special that they always order down as they tend to slightly overcook their steaks. Duly noted. But my meal was enjoyable nonetheless. The steak hit the spot. I enjoyed it with the provided A1 sauce. The country potatoes were fried crispy and were just the way I like it. Perfect with some ketchup. The toast was super buttered and I enjoyed it with my runny eggs. I was tempted to put some strawberry Smuckers on it as they had some on the table but it was great the way it was. I must say, they put a lot of butter on their toast.

Service was attentive. We were checked on throughout the meal and our drinks were refilled without us having to ask. The hostess was friendly. Our wait time for that sunday brunch was about 20-25 mins for a party of 2. Free parking on their lot.笑
I don't even know where to start. I've been going here for years and never had a problem until yesterday. I didn't even care that they raised the price on the steak special every year but now the quality of the meat is not the same and they took the beer or root beer that use to come with it away. I ordered my steak med rare which they cooked wrong twice and it was dry. The dinner comes with a soup or salad I ordered the salad with Caesar dressing but Caesar dressing is now a 4.99 up charge smh.. who in the hell did the math on that? My friend asked if he could substitute vegetables for his potato server said NO with an attitude. The vegetables we ordered came out as broccoli that looked frozen and dark.  To end it here, crappy service, horrible food and never going back after 20yrs of family taking me here and this is coming from a local笑
Steak Special, $7.99, it's not on the menu, you have to ask for it.  Probably the best deal in Vegas.  By the way, they brew their own beer, the hefewiezen (sp)
 goes great with your steak dinner.  Go, eat, be happy you're not spending twice as much for a Fatburger on the strip, unless you're really craving one, 'cause they're pretty good, too.笑
Very affordable dinners lunch breakfast freshly cooked food is there to serve you even if you want to talk to him I had to grill chicken every single day that I was there he wouldn't tell me the secret spice though.笑
If I could give this 0 stars I would. I can't even rate the food because we didn't even get to eat anything. So I'm just rating the experience and the service/wait. We arrived at 3pm and were told it was a 35-40 minute wait, even though there were at least 20 empty visible tables. After 45 minutes of waiting, I asked how much longer it would be and the hostess said there were still 5 people ahead of us. We left. We were starving by then and decided on the pizza on the other side of the casino. I wish we had not wasted so much time waiting for nothing.笑
Always our favorite place for cheap eats but good taste!! I ordered the chicken wrap and requested grilled chicken instead of fried... It was yummy!!! 

The chicken fried steak pork cutlet was tasty but not greasy.... And the biscuits and gravy are yummy. 

This place gets super busy but if you're looking for a sit down place off the strip that has good food, come to Ellis Island.笑
This review will be short and sweet.

Steak and Eggs with coffee...

Bill arrives...

Less than $10!

Did I mention cooked to perfection?

My only criticism is the "breakfast potatoes" were so-so. 

This restaurant should really consider a hash browns option.

Don't judge a book by it's cover...笑
Got a $10 steak plate that was better than STK at the Cosmopolitan which cost $60. Service was pretty good. We waited about 10 min to get seated during the lunch hour.笑
Great food, amazing prices! However, I would avoid the water. Has a bad chemical taste to it, probably treated tap water.笑
For unbeatable prices and very good food, this vintage "Old School Vegas" establishment doesn't disappoint. We discovered Ellis Island two years ago by word of mouth. And after the previous day's food poisoning fiasco at IHOP, we were finally ready to eat again.

My son and I came seeking orders of the $6.99 Southern Fried Chicken; 4 pieces with sides of Steak Fries and Cole Slaw. That's half a chicken. Delicious fried chicken as well as the fries and coleslaw. I gave my wife the wing and she enjoyed it as well. Jackie ordered a Vegetable Omelette with Breakfast Potatoes and Toast. And unlike her IHOP omelette, this one was fresh, tasty and satisfying. 3 happy diners all around.笑
The food is great and you can't beat the price! It's a more laid back atmosphere than the rest of the strip so we felt right at home. We went on a Saturday morning and there was about a 10 minute wait but as we were going to our table we saw the crowd coming in so always expect a wait. The wait is definitely worth it though! My wife ordered the omelette and was impressed how they actually used real eggs instead of the carton eggs most restaurants use nowadays. I ordered the pancake breakfast and I have to say those were some of the best pancakes I've ever had they were really soft and fluffy. The guy at the next table ordered the Ham steak meal and let's just say..ill be going back to try that the next time!! Two meals that you will need to-go boxes and two drinks for $16? Can't beat it!!笑
Got NY steak and eggs for the daily special of $6.99. The menus prices were like Denny and cheaper.  The service was excellent and very attentive.笑
I'll admit to having low expectations for this place, I just needed something vegetarian friendly that was near my hotel and not goddamn Strip prices. But the Alfredo was surprisingly good, my steamed broccoli was fresh and green, and the service fast and friendly.笑
Awesome place,,,awesome food   open 24 seven,,,,,service outstanding!
     Atmosphere is okay.  At least the cafe is away or separate from the smoking area slash gambling area.笑
Being in a casino there are lots off offers from having a card and playing.  The ribs are some of the best in Vegas.  If you play $1 with you card you get a special price for the ribs and stake and $1 off the meal.  Tuesday has a special $5 meals for seniors. 
Good food at reasonable prices, and lots of specials.笑
Friendly staff, great food that won't make you broke, Family friendly diner. I ordered the $9.99 steak dinner, $7.99 if you join their rewards/casino program. Pretty good deal- tasty meat, came with green beans, choice of country potatoes, mashed, or baked. Lemonade was pretty good too.
   There's a karaoke bar in a room next to the cafe- people were having a good time. Customers/people you meet there were also very friendly. They used texting to call you if you're waiting for a seat- pretty cool, using today's technology- I could get used to this! I also thought that it was pretty cool that they included lemons with your water without asking for it. Will be coming back for sure!笑
I can't leave Vegas without having steak and eggs. Ellis Island is the perfect place because of their steak and egg special for $5.99! I believe it is 11pm-11am. So come after a night of partying and drinking. The food is cheap and good. I think it is NY steak. I order it medium rare and it isn't bland at all. The potatoes that come with it are very good. Order a side of pancakes too! It comes with 3. Very fluffy and good. Definitely recommend this place.笑
Great place too eat great food great service. Fun karaoke for anyone that wants to sing....笑
Best place to go when me and everyone in my group is sh*t face drunk and want 5$ steak and eggs. Actually, it might be the ONLY place to go when one is incredibly intoxicated and blew every last dime gambling or drinking all night.笑
Service was garbage. The baked potato was rock hard. The steak was burnt and had no flavor. The host was rude.笑
The flavor of the food was very good. Very diner-y, lots of greasy fried stuff, but good for what it was. Huge portions. But the restaurant was very understaffed and it showed. Our waiter was excellent, but there were only two waiters for the whole place and there was a waiting list, but only half the tables were seated. I don't know if it was just that someone called in sick or if it's chronically understaffed, but I suspect there latter.笑
Just had breakfast here with the family. They were pretty busy this Friday morning but the food was Amazing!! Server is new but really friendly love this place. Definitely recommend anyone to come here especially for the steak and eggs.笑
We had lunch here. Service not great; but worth the wait for exceptional steak and eggs. Price cheap by the new Vegas standard. If you like wheat beer, try the Hefe Weiss, it was very good.笑
Ellis Island Café is one of Vegas's best kept secrets. A lot of locals dine here and the prices are a steal! In fact, if it wasn't for a local's recommendation, I wouldn't have known about this place. The wait is long during peak times (about 30-45 minutes for a party of 2). BUT you can skip the wait if you chose to dine at the bar.

One of their best menu items is their $15 King Cut Prime Rib. You get a large piece of prime beef, slow roasted and served with baked potato, green beans and a side salad or soup. They'll even throw in a side of au jus and sour cream. Not the best steak I've had, but I can't complain. 

An Elvis impersonator was performing that night. Let's just say that it was very loud at the bar and "Elvis" was making his rounds courting and singing in front of every table.
Our server was great. Very prompt and helpful. Unlike the hostess. I hear that the prices go up, so if you plan on stopping by here, it's better sooner than later.笑
Do not come here!!! 1 hour wait when half the tables were empty. Groups that checked in after us were served and done by the time we got seated. I write this review as we're 2 hours in and I'm still waiting for my food. There is no excuse for this. We're only a party of 6. Honestly, will never waste my vacation time here again.笑
The food and service depends on the time you go to dine. Generally I have not ordered anything I have not loved. But the service during the day is wonderful and at night needs work. The servers don't try to give you good service. They rush when they come up and normally when you would get the option of soup or salad with your entre instead they ask you what dressing you want for your salad. 

Tonight my salad came with a dead fly in it. Thank god I didn't eat any of the salad when I found the fly. They took $2 off our bill and brought me a new salad that I did not eat. But I did eat the rest of the steak special. Which was fantastic. 

Just check for flies in the salad. I really should have made a stink about it but it wasn't my server's fault. My friend asked for the discount but even then $2 is an insult. I gave them 3 stars because my past service was excellent.笑
My husband and I eat here with the kids every time we come to Vegas. The steak and eggs is sooo good. Prices are very reasonable. The service can be slow, but both David (who waited on us at dinner the other night) , and Susie, who was our server for breakfast this morning, were awesome!!!! Until next time!!笑
Wow...I mean wow, for about 35years now I have been traveling in the good ole US of A, having breakfast meals from the likes of chain restaurants, casino cafes, and local eateries, I always get Chicken Fried Steak and Eggs.  Up until now I could not figure out just what "chicken fried steak" was referring to, a flattened chicken patty? a breaded something with gobs of white gravy to hide the shoe leather? This Chicken Fried Steak defined it once and for all...a meat patty, pork/chicken that is fried just like "fried chicken".  This is the bomb! Batter was crispy "fried chicken" batter, so tasty it was almost a shame to put the white gravy on top, so no need for extra gravy .... Wow!! 
Ambiance still a little dated casino like, service was slow, waitress was Olga-ish, friendly but not helpful, slow, but could be because it was very busy, again still a local casino's cafe.  Food was excellent, very tasty and very very affordable.  Definitely my new standard of "Chicken Fried" or better said " Fried Chicken Style Steak"笑
Best kept secret just right off the strip. Great prices on food and 24 hours. A bit noisy inside but you can't beat the prices New York steak and eggs late night special is only $6.99 comes with bread and home fries. Not to mention they have great beers and home made root beer. Less than half what you would pay at a strip coffee shop and big portions and very good tasting food.笑
MMM, FIVE DOLLA STEAK & EGGS, I'M DOWN.

This deal only work after 11pm!! We came after clubbing around 3am and there were still quite a few people enjoying their steak! The special comes with a slab of steak, 2 eggs however you want it, and toast! Yumyum, it was such a great latenight "snack". It's not the best steak, but cmon for the price it was so worth it! I also tried the french onion soup and that was pretty good too!!
Yay for more places on my late night drunchies list!笑
Taxi guy brought us here cause we were starving after being out all night and drunk. He even ate at the table next to us with his buddies cause its a local spot I guess. He told us we needed to order the steak and eggs which isnt on the menu. Nice 6oz steak with hashed potatoes, two eggs, and toast. Its was pretty much something I can make at home. Overall quality was good and tasty. When the bill came out to 12 dollars I was so shocked at how cheap it was. $5.99 per plate. Ended up tipping our waitress a 5 just cause they were robbing me like the rest Vegas.笑
How so shocked by this visit!! Hostess is rude as hell. Think she is a little funny acting. But had to tell manager about the service. Never have I sat for 20-30 mins then for you to sit three other people before us.   Then right as we sit. Waitress comes and we place order. We tell you what we want. You come back and get two out of three drinks wrong. Then you don't even know the special for the day. I ask for. Steak and eggs and you come back and ask me about some. Sausage!! What the fuck are you talking about!! Seriously
 Come on Ellis. You need to pull it together!! And real
Quick.笑
Wanted the $6.99 steak and eggs special, but by the time we ordered it, it was $9.99 on the bill : ( guess we should have noted the time... and sure enough when we were walking out of the restaurant, the $6.99 special was erased from the white board of specials.  Anyways it was a GOOD steak and eggs.

Also split a greek omlette with feta cheese on top, it was okay.  They're known for their cheap, filling, and yummy breakfasts!  Of course you can just gamble while waiting to be seated.  Smells heavily of smoke in here...笑
THE OFF-THE-STRIP STRIP
The $12 T-bone dinner or the $10 Senior's menu are legendary kitsch. After much research to find the best experience I ended up at Ellis Island which delivered an appropriately seedy experience.

A CIGARETTE INFUSED VALUE
The good is that I had a big side salad, acceptable 12oz chicken fried steak and cream gravy, huge scoop of garlic green beans and a pint of their craft draft beer: $13.53. I just wish I knew how it tasted because the place is packed with aggressive chain smokers that laced my food in nicotine.笑
Our new hangout nice friendly service, awesome food and cheap beers brewed in house and descent loose slots. Amber brew  is a must try :)笑
Dude, they have cheap steak and eggs here. I remember back in the day everyone had a cheap steak dinner in vegas. Not so much anymore. But Ellis Island is old vegas without the glitz and glam, but just a lot of fun.  Come here to get your late night fix and help stave off that hangover tomorrow.  They even have entertainment in the form of karaoke next door!

The food is what you'd expect, but at 2 am its going to taste like one of the best meals of your life.笑
You know how people USED to day "You can eat good food very cheap in Vegas"?? Well I'm here to tell you that you can still say that...You just need to know where to look and Ellis Island Cafe is the place for that!! The guy at guest services at our resort recommended it and OMG we ended up going there a couple of times during our trip!! 

The food is sooooooo good and they give you a TON of food for the price!! You can eat a good meal for under $10 and I guarantee you won't be able to finish it!!  They are open 24/7 and they brew their own beer (or root beer if you're not a beer drinker)

We will MOST DEFINITELY be making a return visit on our next trip to Vegas and every one after that!!笑
Went here 4 days straight for their 6.99 Steak and Eggs special. Can't beat it anywhere in Vegas! Service spotty at times but the food was great with a matching price point!笑
I used to love this place but it seems they have raised their prices and lowered their quality of food. I used to pay $11 for prime rib and now its $15.99 which i dont mind but the quality isnt the same.笑
Its nothing fancy but its fast service and cheap. There's usually a wait for breakfast. They have awesome steak and eggs. They are also clutch for a late night meal. We come here everytime were in vegas at least once. Would recommend for sure.笑
Go to the bbq instead. Service is faster and food is better. Waited for an hour and 15 minutes just for someone to talk to us at our table and then when we ordered they were out of over half of our orders. Just go to the bbq side instead. Much better service.笑
Best chicken fried chicken steak in Las Vegas. Waiters and waitresses always provide you with great service super friendly atmosphere笑
It's 3 am in Vegas...do YOU know where your children are at??!

Of course! They're scarfing down on some good ol' American grub at Ellis Island Cafe. Open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week AND they offer THE best steak and eggs special that Vegas has. For $5.99?! You better bet your bottom dollar that's right!

I thought Mr. Lucky's was a done deal but boy was I wrong. Ellis Island Cafe is where it's at. It's a little off the strip on Koval and Flamingo and it's located inside the Ellis Island Casino. This place is perfect for a 3 am grub session after hitting those crazy clubs all night or even just for a plain and simple breakfast at 8 am. All-in-all you just can't beat those prices AND portions.

I've been here a couple times and I ALWAYS get the $5.99 steak and eggs special. It's not included in the menu but it's usually written on their chalkboard sign by the front of the cafe. The special comes with 2 eggs (any way you want it), 6 oz. sirloin steak (cooked any way you want it), home fries and toast. The portions are perfect and I never had a problem with the chefs over or under-cooking the meat. Plus, those home fries are so deliciously crisp and well-seasoned. For $5.99 what's to complain about?

SIDE NOTE: the special is only from 11 pm to 11 am. Other than that, everything is great! 

So please stop by this place whenever you're in Vegas. If you're going to spend $80 on drinks at the Marquee or Tao, might as well treat yourself to the tastiest, cheapest breakfast they got.笑
One of the best deals in town for sure! We've been coming here for years & even though the price continues to increase its still a major deal! 
There's a lot of great options on the menu but I can't resist the steak special. For under $10 a person you get a starter salad with your choice of dressing & then a nice juicy piece of meat with garlic green beans & a starch. I stick to with the mashed potatoes & gravy & my man always gets the big fries. Overall the meal is really tasty! Oh and you get a beer or root beer with your meal! That's a nice bonus! 
There's always a wait so be prepared for that but we have never left disappointed. The staff is friendly & the atmosphere is loud & lively. If you're looking for a cheap steak option this place is probably the best in town.笑
The waitress was both courteous and pleasant. Where this location lacked was in the flavor department with their sirloin steak breakfast. Unfortunately, the charred steak didn't make up for the dried potatoes.笑
All food is good here. Generous portions and tasty entrees. The prime rib is as good as the higher end restaurants her modestly priced. There's no place that can compare to the flavorful Wild Salmon here at Ellis Island Cafe not the bland  farm raised junk So called Salmon most other places have. 
Enjoy a very good meal with a tasty homebrew or in house rootbeer at avvery modest price. 
We Always have at least one meal here while in Las Vegas. Enjoy!笑
Waited 45 minutes to be seated so we could eat breakfast,  just to find out that they stopped serving breakfast during our wait.  Thanks for telling us,  we would have gone elsewhere because we really wanted breakfast! Their only saving grace for me was the food quality.  Well above average.  Service was OK.笑
Was here a few years back with my cousin.  Had the LVA rewards book coupon for 3 free rounds.  Put our name in for the cafe and went to bar for the free rounds.  Each of us had 3 Heineken, probably a 30-50 dollar value at most casino bars.  Tip well!  All the bartenders were great.  When we sat down for the off the menu steak special, was honestly one of the best meals I have had in Vegas.  Not that I eat at fancy places, but for the price it fills you up.  Filet cut top sirloin, garlic green beans (best I have had), baked potato, salad, and EI beer!  Phenom!笑
So after over sleeping and missing the prime time to go eat dinner, I was super hungry. I was staying at a hotel on the strip and it was kind of late, so I didn't want to spend an arm and a leg on food, especially since places around me when about to close soon. I hate feeling rushed while eating as well so I wanted to look for options for late night spots. Yelp brought me to this place. 

I was staying at the Aria, and it took me about a 15-20 minute walk to get here. 

I got the steak and egg special. $6.99... yes I said $6.99! Excellent value, also comes with potatoes which makes it even better. The food was really good, and an awesome bang for your buck option. 


For what this place is, a late night option for me, it gets 4 stars. This isn't your type of place our go to eat at on the strip but it does the job.笑
Hands down this is the best breakfast in Las Vegas. Been going for almost twenty years. The Chicken fried steak, and even better the chicken fried chicken are better than any restaurant in the country! (At least that I've been to). Everything else is great too though I will openly admit - I've never had anything but breakfast. But waffles, pancakes, bloody mary's, steak & eggs - everything is awesome and plentiful for your vegas morning! So why did I knock a star off? A few things. Service is often hit or miss. They always seem understaffed, and it's getting more popular... Saying this, I can deal with it. The prices are astoundingly low for what you get, so I'm fine with dealing with pot-luck service. Second, and honestly this is the big one at the moment- A few months ago they changed their hashbrowns. They used to be these nice chunks, and each one was PERFECTLY fried like crisp french-fries. I could go just for those!  Well. they are gone, and now they are these small 1/4" squares that look like they are straight out of a Sysco bag. Soggy cat food would be the best description. They are nasty. Even the staff knows and has said there have been a lot of complaints. It used to be you could clean your plate here of food as everything was so good. Well... the hashbrowns have ruined that. Pitty. I assume they are cheaper. Saying this, all in all, I"ll be back, and maybe enough people will complain to get the nasty hashbrowns to be replaced and get this back to a 5 star yummy.笑
The food at Ellis Island is quite decent. Prices are reasonable and my favorite / the grilled Salmon is acceptable.

On the down side there is always waiting ... We had to wait 20 minutes when half the dining hall is fenced off and closed. They could easily open increase capacity immediately by opening the hall.

My dining partner was upset as she tried to get a new bottle of catchup ... Twice calling the waiter no response.

The beers and house selection is very respectable. Some day I may raise number of stars... Based on this consideration ...

Also it is important to go at the right time. The bad singing and obnoxious noise of the worst Kareoke bar in town ( most bad Kareoke  singers and drunks attempting to remotely sing) drive most serious dining customers away. The ordinary sober diner, person with a sound mind,  could not tolerate ( and would not) this type of Kareoke NOISE.笑
The food is amazing but the wait staff and hostess are extremely rude. Which is a shame because it is a pretty good place. Don't ask to split your check because it ain't going to happen笑
Located off the strip. Delicious breakfast. Great service. Better than any other breakfast笑
Only place I know of charging only $10-13 for a steak dinner plate. And it tasted great! They also have they're own brewery but the Amber Ale I tried was ok, huge glass though maybe 15-20oz which was awesome because it came with my plate. A great local spot.笑
Was advised by a local that this was an excellent breakfast place just off the strip. Did not disappoint. The roughly $7 steak and eggs special was absolutely delicious, filling, and easily the least expensive meal that I had while in Vegas.  Even though the decor, with its dim lighting and large leather booths reminiscent of the 1980s is nothing to write home about, the service was absolutely first class. My server took great care of me, constantly making sure I was enjoying breakfast and keeping my iced tea refilled. I will certainly be back again and have let my friends and coworkers know to stop in if they're looking to get away from the $70-$100 mediocre food experiences on the strip.笑
This place is cheap, but so is the food. Got here around 10:30 with a party of eight. We ended up waiting for a table for about 30 minutes. Thier only solution to our party is to seet us at two tables next to each other. They wouldn't even let us put the tables 2 feet apart from eachother together. The food took 30 minutes to come (very simple orders) and was ok. I'm also cegan and could obly have toast and potatoes (no veggies, fruit, anything like that). One of our group got corned beef and hash and it looked like it came straight out of the can. Put a little effort into the food.笑
Yeah not bad!  Been there twice now while chilling for EDC.  I had breakfast it was pretty tasty.  Beers YEAH $2.25 each, good price.  Gambling to while ya wait.笑
YOU CAN'T BEAT THE PRICES HERE!!!

The only reason why it lost a star is because of the wait and service.. they told us about 30 mins max and we waited for more than an hour for a table although there were many tables open and seemed like they had enough servers..Oh and the server couldn't remember our drink order and asked us about 3 times. 

Other than that, i would highly recommend this place! the price is unbeatable for the things you can get.. its open 24/7 !! and nothing is over $15!! I ordered the chicken fried steak and eggs. Honestly I wasn't expecting much because of the price, but after taking my first bite... i was shocked. The pork chop was super flavorful and not dry at all. The potatoes were also delicious! You definitely get your moneys worth here and more. HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE IF YOU'RE IN VEGAS!笑
My husband and I got the $9.99 steak dinner promotion. Didn't have high expectations but boy were we surprised!!  We both had the salad with blue cheese which was great. The steak came and it was a 10 oz sirloin cooked perfectly to our expectations accompanied by a baked potato and fresh garlic green beans. We are both big eaters but if we liked our steak cooked the same you could definitely share this meal笑
They have an excellent prime rib dinner. The Italian dressing that came with the side salad was super tasty and tangy. They also serve a warm brownie with vanilla ice cream that was really good.笑
Pretty good and you get bang for your buck. About $12 for a starter salad & a big piece of steak with a side of your choice of potatoes. I shared with my friend but we still didn't even finish it!笑
Ellis Island is always a must during any Vegas trip.  Liked for its' lower prices for decent foods, it's become a tradition to always come by either late at night or for brunch, Ellis Island is always good at any time of day.  I used to love their steak and eggs but I have to say their quality has definitely gone down.  If you ask for medium, chances are you'll get well-done.  The potatoes it comes with usually is pretty tough and hard to enjoy.  The winner these past couple of trips has definitely been the chicken fried chicken steak. Much like a country fried steak, it's moist, comforting and tasty in the most guilty way--certainly a gratifying hangover meal.笑
Here in Vegas for a trade show and decided to try this place out after reading all the reviews about the steak. And staying close by at the nearby Platinum Hotel. 
It's day two (in a row that we've come here because the food kept calling to us!) and we can't get enough of their comfort dish! (Still have yet to try the steak but...Their chicken fried chicken is AMAZING comfort food! Fried chicken fillet smothered in homemade white gravy, creamy dreamy mashed potatoes in the same savory white homemade gravy, plus garlic--yes, garlic!--green beans! 
I'll be back to try their steak...or maybe more chicken fried chicken!!! 
The only reason I gave them 4 stars is because the smoke from the patrons is, at times, unbearable. The restaurant itself is non smoking but it's connected to the casino. No partitions or walls to keep the smoke from the casino out of the restaurant. Only drawback.笑
Minus one start because they rn out of a lot of things, granted we came in at 4am I still expect better planning since this joint is known as an after clubbin dine and dash sorta place.笑
This place was amazing, it was way better than titty time. You just can't beat cheap, delicious food. I got steak and eggs for only $6.99. If you are looking  for a good affordable  place to eat and you don't want to spend your money on hookers and blow, then I recommend Ellis island.笑
Our last morning in Vegas and we decided to go to another Yelp recommended place for breakfast.  Steak and eggs, potatoes and toast for $5.99.  What a deal!  We were greeted by Lucy.  She is a sweety!  Very friendly and took very good care of us.  Steak was a large piece of new york strip.  Very tasty and cooked to perfection.  The cafe is very quaint and the inside of the casino and cafe is very nicely decorated.  (you wouldn't think so from what you see on the outside.)  Worth checking out!笑
Good spot for a casual old school steak dinner. Hit or miss on overcooking my steak here, tonight I asked for medium and got well. Bummed they no longer include a beer on tap with your steak special. Also price went up to $9.99... I remember when it was only 7 bones. Ahhh the good ole days. I still like coming here or what I'm craving w quick steak fix to raise my iron levels. New server Sandy was really sweet tonight. It was not as crowded as usual. Come down, cozy up to a booth & chillax on a Monday night. It's decent simple Vegas grub.笑
Don't know if I will be back. I loved this place but tonight's service absolutely sucked. I ordered the prime rib med rare and it came med well almost well done and waiter fought with me. I'm a paying customer and I expect to get what I pay for.笑
Very good for the price. 
The mashed potatoe is great, the new york steak was absolutely fine. It's not some AAA Angus, but it was honestly still very tasty, perfectly cooked, and cheap for Vegas standard. 
Menu looks really yummy. Hope I'll have time to come back to try the desserts笑
Waited 40 minutes to be seated. Sirloin and prime rib dinner special came with soup/salad and beer/rootbeer. We had calamari for appetizer. Food was superb! Will definitely come back.笑
Our taxi driver had told us to go to this place.. thank god we did!! our group loved the food and we could not leave Vegas without going back one last time. Food was fresh and so so so so soooo good!! :)笑
The night before, we asked our Uber driver to take us to the best Steak & Eggs restaurant (thinking he would take us to the famous Marilyn's Cafe in Tuscany) but he said Ellis Island!  Due to that, I dragged my girlfriends the following night to try out Ellis Island.

Steak & Eggs $12.99, served with Potatoes & Toast - I order my steak to be medium & to my dismay, it was bloody!  It was tender but the idea of eating more of it made my skin curl so I just ate the sides which were less bloody...笑
Completely unsuspecting and terrific. The decor is a little old school, but when the food is that good, who cares!?!? For $8.99 I got a 10oz or so steak perfectly cooked along with two sides and a salad AND a 20 oz beer of one of their own craft brews which was good. Just awesomely cheap and amazing. I was shocked at the quality of the food and its freshness. I highly recommend this place to anyone. I'll be back ASAP!笑
The only reason that they got 3 stars is because the food was good.

The service was kind of bad. no proper greeting from the waiter after waiting forever to get our order taken. it was a good 20 min wait. He didn't even say sorry all he did was come up to us and said "alright guys" flipped open his notebook and was ready for us to order. whenever we asked a question he was sarcastic about every answer. He forgot my boyfriends beer after he went through the whole process if checking the ID. his excuse was that he forgot to write it down. Food took forever but it was busy so I will give them that. But nobody came to check on us at all. The food was good and I think that is why they are so rude. Because by the time you get your food your so hungry and its so good that you can't really complain. I wouldn't recommend it. 

Go to the Silver Sevens. Same kind of food and prices but way better service.笑
Ordered the prime rib. $13.99. Great value, juicy prime rib with green beans. Choice of baked potato, mash, fries or rice. Salad or soup. Comes with a 20oz beer. Long line for dinner.

Come after peak hours for lunch and dinner, it'll be faster to get a seat and less noisy!

Service is efficient and mostly cold. They are very busy afterall. 

Will be back for the steak and egg special!笑
Great price for late night STEAK AND EGGS! The steak special was New York steak, which was cooked and seasoned well. The eggs were tasteless to me, but I just loaded it up with Tabasco. Potatoes were deep fried and kinda dry, but ketchup can fix that. Oh, I didn't want toast so the waiter was nice enough to get me garlic green beans (overcooked, but nicely garlicky) instead. 

Overall, you get a tad bit more than what you pay for, but prices and convenience for time is just AWESOME!笑
This place is mostly for locals. The best part are the prices of the meals. The quality of the food is OK, the service is good and they are fast.笑
This is a cozy spot to visit for breakfast when you just arrive to LV or ready to depart back home.  Excellent prices.  Great, tasty food.  $3.99 pancake stack of three.  Steak and egg special with county potatoes and toast was 5.99.  Saturday had 30 min wait and Sunday had no wait.笑
This place is da Bombdizzle!! The food is always hot, portions are awesome for the price you pay, and the quality is actually surprisingly top notch. I've been here a couple times now and Ellis never disappoints. I don't mean to be stereotypical but my grandparents LOvE coming here. It's diner-esque food and the perfect place to come after a night of drinking to PTFO (Pig the F*ck Out). I only gave it 4 stars because I feel they need to hire more servers, the service can be slow if it gets super busy. Despite the slow service the servers are veterans and know their menu and are always super nice!笑
Oh hell no!  This place served up the worst steak and eggs breakfast I've ever had.  I could not eat the frickin' steak.  The potatoes were atrocious.  The whole damn experience sucked.

The steak seemed as if it was frozen and defrosted.  As if that wasn't bad enough, it was covered with an insane amount of BBQ rub,  Like thick enough I could scrape it off with a spoon.  But it was impossible to scrape enough of it off.  It totally overpowered the steak.  The steak was just to weak to defend itself.  Two or three bites and I was finished with it.

The breakfast potatoes tasted old.  Very old.  And bad.  Like even when they were fresh, they still would've been bad.  They looked good, but they tasted like cooking oil.  Couldn't eat them.

I ordered my eggs poached, soft.  They were OK.  The toast was barely toasted at all.  More like warmed bread than toast.

What a colossal disappointment.  Maybe I ordered the wrong thing.  I don't know.  I doubt if I'll ever stop by again though.  This place sucked.  

Mikey C says: only reason this isn't a one star review is because I don't like giving one star reviews.笑
This is the definition of the American Diet. 
Huge portions for really heavy foods. Out of all the dishes we ordered, we really liked the philly cheesesteak sandwich and the fish&chips. We'd stay away from the steak & eggs. 

Huge portions here. Who doesn't want that in Vegas.笑
Looks may be deceiving.  Ellis Island isn't the most glamorous place in Las Vegas.   As a matter of fact, it's kind of dumpy.  But the BBQ restaurant is so good, and it is cheap.  I get the 1/2 rack of ribs and chicken.  The ribs fall off the bone and are seasoned to perfection.  The chicken is also very tasty.  Love the sauce.  it is sweet with a slight bite.  It also comes with two ears of corn on the cob, ranch style beans, cole slaw and bread.  You get a lot of food and it's about $12.  Plus, they are a microbrew and they have $2 20 oz beers.  And the service is good.  The only reason they don't get five stars is they are only open from 4pm-10pm (at least the BBQ part).  The regular cafe is 24 hours and I've heard it was good, too.  However, I like the BBQ too much to try the other part.  It is hard to beat this place for value and quality.   Only Adults 21 and over are allowed in the BBQ part.  Not sure why, but that's their rules.笑
It's a little personal favorite of mine to eat at a little casino's cafe. Just feels like more of an authentic Vegas feel. Less glitz, less glam, just tons of horrible karaoke and slot noises.

Wait wasn't long on a Sunday night. Server took our orders very quickly. I ordered the NY Steak and Shrimp / mashed potatoes / with a cup of chicken noodle soup while my Fiancee ordered the Prime Rib / baked potato / with a side salad. 

They were definitely not going slow tonight. A minute after we got our appetizers, our entrees appeared. Never thought I would get all my food TOO soon but that was the case. The appetizers were fine. The chicken noodle soup had some good chunks of chicken in it. Side salad was simple, can't complain.

Main dishes. Both steaks were cooked medium rare like we asked for. That was impressive as many places get that wrong. The NY steak was decent, just needed a little salt and pepper. The mashed potatoes were very bland. Not much went into spicing it up at all. The shrimp were not very good. It was mostly breading and the breading was greasy. I envisioned something a little fresher. Homemade cocktail sauce was just as bad. No flavor and I highly doubt there was any horseradish in there.

The prime rib is the way to go to order. This prime rib won't be the best prime rib ever, but you feel like you got your money's worth. You are going to have to work for your meat a bit as this cut had a lot of gristle. Again, this needed just a little salt and pepper to get the flavor going. Once you hit the meat, you'll be having a good time. The baked potato was just that, a baked potato. Nothing fancy. Green beans were a nice touch and you had plenty to it. 

A fool would go to this cafe and NOT order any beers. Ellis Island has it's own brewery and their draft beer is $2.50 a pop. $2.50! The amber ale was my favorite. It helped wash down bad shrimp.

This place isn't going to blow your mind, however, it is a great place to get some late night cheap eats and brews. Just stick to the prime rib.笑
Eat here almost every time I stay in Vegas. Cheap and good! Had the steak special for the first time and was not disappointed. I also tried the eggnog for $6.00 a glass and boy was it strong. Glad I ate something with it or I would have been hung over big time. 
Love the breakfast and usually get the French toast. Customer service is good and there is always a line so never go when you're starving.笑
Wow!!!! Affordable , delicious food in Vegas?! Come here! Wonderful breakfast and lunch food. The servers were great and the food comes out hot & delicious! We ate here each morning. Definitely check it out. Food was great!!!笑
On vacation and I wanted a steak dinner, saw this place and decided to give it a try, was not disappointed. Came in late night with the hubby for my $8.99 steak dinner, you have to sign up for their reward card and print out the coupon. Our waiter was friendly and helpful, the steak was delicious and it came with a free beer, which I gave to the hubby since I don't drink. 

Two things that I did not like: 1. The cafe is right next to their karaoke bar, the first 2 people know how to sing but the others ruined it and butchered the songs. 2. When walking in we ran into a bunch crickets and what do I hate crickets! Other than that I would definitely return.笑
This place is popular. Great breakfast value.  I had the steak and eggs, french toast.  I love their country potatoes... so good. The only thing I didn't like was that you can smell the cigarette smoke from the casino, but what do you expect  since the cafe is in the casino.笑
This is shockingly delicious and affordable. We came for a late dinner and returned the next day for breakfast. The food is straightforward. Large portions. We had a group of 8 and the bill was only $65 (one couple split a plate). The chicken fried steak is amazing! No frills, but you can't beat the bang for your buck.笑
This place is located walking distance from the strip. The husband had been here before and had mentioned that they had a pretty good deal where you get prime rib AND a beer for less than $20. After waiting less than 10 min, we were seated and quickly had someone taking our orders. We asked about their prime rib and beer special and we were sadly informed they no longer have it. Womp womp. Still decided to give it a go. My prime rib wasn't very good but the husband's was. Mine had way too much nerves and fat which wasn't tasty for me, but the freaken green beans were super bomb! I couldn't stop eating them! They were seasoned to perfection, crisp and not too soggy. The baked potato was pretty good too. I ordered an IPA (this place brews their own beers) The beer was only $2.50. Decent place but I would maybe skip the prime rib, def not as good as the husband hyped it up to be haha. I did see the meatloaf on the table next to us. It looked and it smelled good.笑
First of all it's a lie no $7.50 steak unless you sign up for a players card and spend five bucks. The steaks are big variety between two people ordering the same piece of meat. Obviously the coook has no idea what he is doing.  Drinks are cheap $2.50 that's cool.笑
We have been coming here for years, it was really good food but what happened, coffee is watered down, no splenda, breakfast is only served till 11, people, its Vegas!!!  Don't think we'll be back.笑
Recent visit for breakfast. Definitely not a place I would frequent. Very run down casino. Wait was about 15mins even though we saw a bunch of empty tables and booths. Waitress was like 65yrs old. Actually, all of the waitress' were like 65. Slow as molasses. When the food finally came, it was actually pretty decent. I ordered a cranberry juice. It never came and they charged me. When I brought it up, they questioned me for about 10mins accusing me of drinking it. WTF?! When we finally left and went out to the car, there were two homeless women fist fighting right outside the casino. Yeah, I'll be back soon. Like...NEVER!!!!!!!!!!笑
Went here twice during the trip. Once for breakfast and once for dinner both meals were great and hands down was the cheapest meal while in Vegas. Travel off the beaten path and check this place out.笑
因為網上的評語而特別前往,地點不難找,駕車由大道前往不用十分鐘.餐廳環境及坐位不錯,在賭場內很熱鬧.我們三人叫了一份牛扒晚餐及一份比較貴的king cut牛扒,兩份我們都特別叫五成熟,但來時,貴的那份牛扒都是全熟......因為怕麻煩所以沒有要求更換,但十成熟的牛扒真是十分難吃.而牛扒晚餐真的是五成熟,但不知為何都和全熟那份沒分別,味道真是和吃樹皮沒兩樣......
明白一分錢一分貨的道理便比較易接受,牛扒晚餐只是約十美元是沒話說,但質量真的十分麻麻.笑
Went there Sat evening at 5:30 PM. There were 8 of us. We were seated immediately.  I ordered the King Cut Prime rib for $15.99. You had your choice of potatoes, I chose the steak fries. It also gave you a choice of soup or salad. I had the salad. Also included was the garlic green beans. The prime rib was tough and  chewy. The steak fries and salad was of average quality. The green beans were previously frozen. We also had a bottle Ravenswood Zinfandel for 24 dollars, very good for the price. We have been to this place three times before. The prime rib was always good. Don't know what happened this time. May give this place one more try ,when we come back this November.笑
After reading rave reviews about this place, I was excited to try this place out. I mean, steak and eggs for $9.99 seemed like a steal and a lot of the reviews seemed to insinuate that it was tasty as well. Now there may be a bit of a wait, if you're with a big group. We waited about 20 minute for a group of 8 people, so that wasn't too bad. 

The waitress was was quick to take our drink orders and food orders. But damn, for the food to actually come out...it takes a while. When the steak and eggs came out, I was excited. I attacked the meat like a barbarian...but to no avail. My steak was very tough!! I asked for it medium rare and i was attacking the thing with my steak knife and it would not give! My brother's, however, was nice and bloody (he, too, had ordered medium rare). It's crazy the two steaks could differ so much.

I got tired of wrestling with my steak, that after eating about half of it, I gave it to my brother. I think maybe next time i'll get their prime rib instead (if there is a next time). I'd much rather pay more to have a tastier, more tender, and juicier piece of steak rather than eating a huge chunk of jerky for less.笑
Came on the recommendation of a local to get the $8.99 steak and beer and since I don't drink beer, they let me swap for their house brewed root beer. Good size portions with the prices you hope to see off the strip. My sons split a 1/2lb burger and fries for $6.99 and my husband got the prime rib which he said was the best he's had in awhile. (Though he came for their famous ribs which they only serve in the brewery and were out of). They wait was about 20mins, the server was not the most professional but very nice. Would def go back the next time i am in Vegas.笑
4 stars for the value.
3 stars for the food.
3 stars for the service....barely...

Had to wait 20 minutes for a single seat..even though i could see tables open.... They just want you to feed the machines!

Service was pretty quick once seated..

Beer was fresh n cold....as it should be.
Steak was just ok... not seasoned at all it seemed. Took a fon of pepper n some salt to get it edible.
Steak was a 2nd rate fatty cut as well...all else was pretty good.

For the price i would probably repeat if im back in town.笑
I'm currently staying at Ellis Island in the Hotel. I've been dining in the cafe since I've checked in, since the hotel gave me vouchers for breakfast etc. My first night I checked in kinda late around 10pm and I was starving after a long work day & catching a flight. I went to the cafe and ordered some food. The prices are amazing, and the quantity of food is more than enough that I constantly had left overs. But one hostess stood out to me; her name as a I look on my receipt is Brittany! She is absolutely AMAZING! Top notch customer service, friendly, goes above and beyond for her customers. She's taken my order twice since I've been here and tonight is my last night and I just had to give her a shout out! She remembered I was a guest (you got 10% off your bill) which is pretty sweet! Brittany, you rock! You are one of a kind, and I definitely see you going places! If you stop by Ellis Island Cafe and Brittany is your hostess, you won't be disappointed. She's definitely a prime example of GREAT customer service!笑
24/7 hrs goodness. Love the king cut prime rib here: 13.99 with beer. The service is always great.笑
Last visit to the Ellis Island Cafe was a couple of years ago when the Canadian dollar was at par (sigh).  At that time, we arrived late into Sin City to discover that our room was still not ready at 11 pm.  Took a very long stroll to these digs and we were introduced to the excess that is Vegas!  Had an incredibly large omelette which could easily have satisfied both myself and my husband.

This time in Vegas, we showed up to a much busier restaurant at 9pm and found that not much had changed.  Ordered the broiled chicken breast, green beans and side (I chose rice pilaf) and was shocked that I'd also get a choice of salad or soup with all that for $8.99!  Even the wimpy dollar can't cringe at that!

Again, food easily could have been split for two as the plate arrived with a cup of rice and a cup of beans and TWO chicken breasts.  Salad was a mundane affair of iceberg lettuce, croutons and grape tomatoes, but not too bad for the price.  

My husband had a huge chicken baja wrap and fries and was happy with his plate.

Overall, another good experience with the food.  Only minor complaint was that the service had slid a bit compared to our prior visit (eg no one took our drink order for more than 10 minutes and the water didn't arrive at our table for 15 minutes  after that and food took quite awhile to show up) but overall, we'll chalk that up to how busy it was.

Can't wait to go back later this week for one of their weeknight $6.99 specials!笑
Went here for the beer and food special with game card.  The beer was good and cant beat four 16 oz beers for $9.00 in Vegas.  Played $5.00 on player card then get a $7.99 steak dinner.   The food was decent but what do you expect for a $9 dollar steak dinner.   The same beers could be ordered in the restaurant and the tables so became a big fan.笑
Stopped in for breakfast and got the 5.99 steak and eggs. Obviously not the best cut of meat but for the price you cant go wrong. If need a cheap eat in Vegas will definately stop again.笑
We usually get the southern fried chicken meal that comes with slaw and steak fries. It's always awesome and they give you tons of food and the meal is only 6.99!!! If you are looking for great food at a cheap price... This is it.笑
This place is over rated!!!! Can't stand the host they have very bad attitude. Food comes out cold the manager is a rude person. They touch all over your food!!!! Don't get sick!!!!!!笑
After seeing a Fantastic Show ( Show Stoppers at the Wynn Las Vegas) I and my husband decided that we would go and eat at Ellis Island as we have ate there many times before as we are locals and live a few minutes drive away, also where I work most of the staff eat here when they go out as the food is normally very good and price is good also, I work for a Diamond Resort and a 11 year winner of Forbes, so when staff eat here from such distinguished Casino Resort I started ton eat here also, we even bring our family and friends here to eat when they are in Las Vegas and normally we do not have a problem, Tonight was different at 21:00 we went to Ellis Island got our players card again ready to play after we had ate and then made our way to the Cafe, we was told there would be a 20 minute wait, yet we could see 15 tables open, so we was confused I asked if there was any discount and told no, I said oh I was told by so many people we get a discount or a free beer! any way we waited and waited and waited other people walked up and was handed a menu and yet we had to wait for a call on our cell phone to be able to be seated even though we could see 15 tables open, the two ladies where you ask for a table and where you take your bill to be paid was not friendly, I am disappointed I gave Ellis Island a raving review and the staff where I work talk about the great food and service at Ellis Island I will be telling them of my experience tonight as I am sure we can all find some where else to eat in the future. normally I speak highly of Ellis now I will not be after tonight's experience, oh we left 30 minutes later still waiting to be seated so we went and spent our money else where!笑
Great breakfast for locals and very reasonable prices. Service was friendly and attentive. Had steak and eggs cooked perfectly. Not a fancy place just homey and down to earth. Now called Village Cafe.笑
Good food for really great prices!! Everything on the menu I wanted to try but got the steak and eggs and it was delicious! Place wasn't hard to find, have to go through the casino. Service was really good and kept making sure everything was good and if needed anything.笑
Food was average and service was SLOW.

Came here for dinner on a Saturday. We were told the wait would be 45min -- they asked for our phone # and said they would text us when we were up. Fortunately, the wait was only about 20min. BUT, this inaccurate time estimate might NOT be ideal for those who wander off to gamble in the casino while they wait. 

After we were seated, it took FOREVER for the waiter (an older man) to come to our table and take our orders. Just waiting for the water probably took around 15min. Our food took around 45min since ordering to arrive!

I got the Penne Al Forno (~$9), a pasta with tomato cream sauce & lots of cheese. It was a small sized portion that was satisfying but I definitely could have eaten more. Taste-wise, it was good but not amazing. Definitely not something I would seek out or return to eat. Also, it came with a choice of salad or soup, but I got the salad which was just bits of lettuce and croutons. 

My friends got the Fish and Chips & Prime Rib, which they both liked. 

Overall, this place is an ok place to eat some all American comfort food. But expect to wait wait WAIT.笑
We are locals. I have been to this restaurant many times in the past since 2001 and the service has always had left something to be desired and currently still Does.  The food always brought me back regardless of the service however this experience I just will not be going back at all.  I spent $16 for prime rib when I requested ranch for my french fries which is prepackaged in a 1 ounce cup they wanted to charge me $.50. If I went to McDonald's and asked for a same one else prepackaged ranch they would not of charged me unless I requested six or more.  The meat had a sheen if it had been sitting under a heat lamp waiting for its side dishes to be cooked.  And when I asked for Caesar dressing on my salad, I was told it was a five dollar charge.  five dollars for Caesar dressing you're kidding me?  I don't care that we had a half hour wait and they were still plenty of tables I don't know of the behind the scenes situation. However with this experience I will be looking for a new restaurant that serves prime rib.笑
You gotta love a place that has good food at great prices. Compared to the strip this place is heaven!! It's open 24/7. Friendly servers. Not a lot of parking.I hade the southern fried chicken and my mother had a short stack with a ham steak. The short stack/ham steak was four dollars!!! Nuf said!笑
Every trip to Las Vegas includes a stop at this little hidden gem they call Ellis Island! Mostly known to be a local spot, and as creepy as it sounds, a place local cabbies stop to take their lunch break and congregate together (ever seen that movie DC Cab? Haha!). Anyways, you get the gist of the scenery/atmosphere! 

Wait times for a table can be long on the weekend because the place is PACKED. Once you sit down for your meal, the service is fairly quick. Best steak and eggs you'll find in Las Vegas, hands down! Skip ordering biscuits and gravy unless you aren't offended that the gravy isn't made from scratch (I am not referring to powdered mix with some sausage thrown in either...yuk!!!).

 I couldn't help but continue to observe the chunky Asian waitress being extra "flirty" with my husband as we sat together eating our meal. She even touched his shoulder at one point. It wouldn't deter us from coming back though; she was harmless and probably the way she makes her tips with the usual crowd. This is no Four Seasons, and dubbed a hole in the wall by anyone who knows the place; however, you'll love the food and the prices.

Try out Ellis Island next time you visit Sin City!笑
Good food here. Came here twice. First time I had the penne al forno (four cheese pasta) and my boyfriend had a steak with fries and soup. Second time we split the prime rib special and peach cobbler. Service was fine, and the food came out in a reasonable amount of time. The steak wasn't bad. The prime rib was a very good bargain. Plenty of specials here if you spend time at the casino.笑
This place was great. I must say I am generally leery about these $3.99 breakfast places, but thanks to Yelp I braved it and was I pleasantly surprised.  I had the special they were running, 8oz steak, 2 eggs, home frys and toast for $6.99 and the boys had 3 large pancakes for $3.99 and another had 2 scrambled eggs 3 sausage, potatoes and toast for $4.99 and I has coffee and we were out for about $20 and the food was very good diner food, coffee was OK.

Would definitely return if I am in the area for breakfast.笑
If your gonna go there after 12am on the weekend? Drink up so the wait isnt so disappointing even though they werent "packed" per se. Disappointed and i will not be returning to this establishment. I havent been back here for years and i now remember why.笑
Usually I love the pizza here but if I'm gonna drive across town for it, they could at least warm it up! Not cool笑
For the price, there is no place that beats this place (so far, at least)!

I ordered the Loaded Sandwich for $5.99. Each half of the sandwich had 4 sausage links with an egg (scrambled). I chose sourdough bread, but white, wheat, and rye were all options, as well as ham instead of sausage. Potatoes were provided on the side, and the portions were very generous.

The most popular entree is steak and eggs for $6.99. Friend ordered his steak medium rare and eggs sunny side up, which also came with 4 pieces of bread. They were all apparently delicious.

Other friends ordered the chicken fried steak and veggie sandwich -- they enjoyed those too!

Overall, great value and delicious meal!笑
This review is for the bar, which serves the cafe's food. I went there twice during football playoffs on a Saturday and Sunday. During football games, they serve $1 homemade beers and other cheap appetizers that included $1 hotdogs. Overall, I really enjoyed myself. Their homemade bears were really tasty, and the $1 hotdogs were to my liking. I could tell they were a higher quality hotdog, and not some nasty piece of crap like I figured in the first place. Would come back again when in Vegas.笑
Would have given four stars but after waiting an hour for a table, the manager came around and asked us to move to another table and offered no explanation.  We really like our booth and we were shoved into a corner half booth half table under an extremely bright tv.  The new table hadn't even been cleaned off and they left us without silverware.   When we asked for the reason she insisted we had to move she said the waiter was having issues?  Issues..... we should have left but we had already waited so long and I really wanted to try the prime rib.  The food was very good and the portions very generous.笑
I try to come out to Vegas a couple of times a year, and Ellis Island Cafe is easily my favorite place to eat near the strip.  Its located right behind Bally's, and is an easy walk from the strip.  

First off, the prices are amazing. For around $10 you can get a huge portion, good quality American meal.  I usually "splurge" and get the $13 prime rib which comes with a beer from their on-site brewery.  All of their home brews are delicious and an amazing value at ~$2-3.00 each.

The waitstaff is always friendly and attentive.  

I always make an attempt to try and find some new places to eat while I'm in Vegas, but eventually I always end up back at Ellis Island for a few meals every time I come out.笑
STEAK & EGGS STEAK & EGGS STEAK & EGGS STEAK & EGGS STEAK & EGGS STEAK & EGGS STEAK & EGGS STEAK & EGGS STEAK & EGGS STEAK & EGGS 

Only for $6.99 beginning midnight everyday

This scrumptious meal includes one delicious steak, potato rounds, your choice of a style of eggs, and four toasty buttered up pieces of toast!

My friends and I were very satisfied with our two orders of the steak and eggs for each of us. Our waitress was also really kind. This place is worth going to sooooo if you're in Vegas... don't miss out on an unforgettable meal!笑
Saw this restaurant at Yelp near my hotel.  In matter of fact, walking just for 5 minutes.  I was very interested the pictures other people posted.  So the Prime Rib is now $15.99 plus soup or salad.  Very good food and service was not bad.  As i understood, you can get a $2 off from a steak meal if you sign up to their Player's club and played $5 at the table.  Not bad deal from a normal price of $9.99.笑
This review is actually 4.5 stars. Not flashy, but damn.... For a sit down breakfast with a side of bacon and really good coffee - (hair of the dog night before) - it was the best!! No crackheads and homeless camping out for $$, just nice people (clients and staff). Slight wait to not oversell the kitchen (about 20 minutes at 10 am on Saturday). 

Had two eggs, NY Strip - cooked perfectly I might add, and better flavor than an $18 Ribeye from Chili's!, wheat toast and fried potatoes - $5.99!!!! Saw where they were voted best breakfast in Vegas in 2014! Cannot disagree. Easy parking and a nice small casino and sports betting area. I really feel like I've found a gem in Vegas! Oh, I won back $250 I lost the previous evening. Wow, time to go home. 

Make note Yelpers, for value and flavor, you really cannot beat this place.笑
Sometimes service here is really bad, but food here is pretty good for what you pay for.  Whenever you're craving for some prime rib, just come here. The prime rib comes with a side of string beans (they're not frozen either surprisingly) and another starch side. I had the pilaf rice and that was pretty good. 
They brew their own beer, think it was only about $2.50. Had the IPA and it was decently OK but not good. But hey it was cheap!

Parking here sucks BTW. Goodluck!笑
Ellis Island is the Super-8 Hotel's casino and restaurant. But I'm not here for all that. I'm here because I make it a point to come here for the steak specials.

I love their steak and eggs special and steak dinners. No, I really do. The steak and eggs breakfast is always good (juicy well-flavored steak, perfectly cooked eggs) and is always cheaper than the advertised price. Just ask for it by name. You won't be disappointed.笑
Two words .. STEAK and EGGS !

They have an amazing steak and eggs deal here for $5.99 between 11PM and 11AM. It's great for any cheap late night/early morning cravings when you're in the city that never sleeps. 

Ellis Island Cafe is located in ... you guessed it! Ellis Island Casino and Brewery. The place is definitely a bit run down and it definitely shows. It's a fairly small casino which is found near the corner of Koval Ln. and Flamingo Rd. 

Inside the casino, Ellis Island Cafe is just called "Cafe". The $5.99 special isn't really advertised on the menu, except written on a small chalk board by the hostess. 

I'm definitely a huge fan of the steak and eggs here (which you can probably already tell). The steak is definitely delicious (however don't be expecting quality compared to Gordon Ramsay Steak). They also serve potato cubes instead of hash browns which I absolutely enjoy. 

The service here can be a bit slow at times, and is a "hit or miss". I've came here and had some of the best service ever, as well as waiters that never came back to help us. 

Overall, $5.99 steak and eggs really can't be beat!笑
I heard of this place from someone who used to live in Vegas and stopped years ago to check it out. It was great back then, so I decided to come back. 

They brew beer now and I tried the heff and it was pretty good. 

The Saturday special was steak and Eggs for 6.99, the steak was good sized New York strip cooked well, tender, Juicy, and perfect with the eggs and potatoes with wheat toast. This was and is a perfect breakfast place. 

I also tried the bloody mary, spicy and it was excellent. 

The staff are friendly, expect a wait at times during the morning when they have a rush. 

Definitely will be back.笑
Wow! What a fund! We went for breakfast and they had $5.99 steak and eggs. The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because the service was a little slow.笑
Love the prime rib here! Can't beat $15 prime rib with 2 sides and a soup. Its super tender and very tasty. Dare I say it's more tender and tasty than Lawry's Prime Rib? Yes, it is!

I would have given this place a 5 star if it wasn't for the service. The service is a hit or miss. Been here about 3 times and service was very slow the 3rd time around. It wasn't super busy might I add. Took forever to get our water and they forgot my friends soup.

I would come back again only because of the awesome price on their awesome tasting prime rib!笑
"WOW"!  What a hidden gem!!!  We came for the 4th and went by here to eat. The chicken fried steak ($7.99) with soup or salad and the steak n eggs ($8.99)with a drink...."What a deal"! The steak was the size of a big fist and was very tasty. We would like to "Thank Grace", our server... for doing a awesome job seeing to our needs. If you're looking for great food and a great server....."at a super saving price" head over behind Bally's to Koval road. They even have some of the awesome, older slots we all liked playing.....(Trophy Fishing) the 7 slot machines with the big tv screen on the wall and the worm on the hook! The slots were "way" loose; we went in an ate and left $127.00 richer an hour later!  The next time we go... we're heading here!笑
Definition of a locals place. I got the steak and shrimp only 11.49. You won't find a better deal for that in Vegas. The shrimp were huge and fried perfectly. The medium rare steak literally melted in my mouth. Service was nice and quick. Only think I don't like is that they don't do separate checks an the horseradish is awful.笑
I ordered their steak and eggs, which was awesome! I ordered a medium rare steak and despite how delicious it was, it was more on the well done side rather than medium rare. However, everything else was cooked to perfection!

It was odd, however, to have been seated in an area where there were absolutely no other people but with the party of two others I went with. But the service was great nonetheless.

I would definitely come back again for their steak and eggs and to maybe even try out the other items on the menu!笑
I was told that this place has some cheap and good steak and eggs. For $9.99 you can get a nice steak piece, toast, two eggs, and some house seasoned fried potatoes. My steak was cooked to a medium and was juicy. The potatoes were well seasoned and the eggs were done right. There isn't really too much to complain and I've had some other steak and egg places in Las Vegas.. This place definitely has to be one of the top ones. Apparently, Ellis Island Cafe used to sell there steak and eggs at a cheaper price (it used to be $5-$7?) and now it is at $9.99. 

Definitely better than Bill's Gambling Hall steak and eggs. I would come back for a late night dinner/breakfast after a night of partying. This place will hit the spot.笑
In a great location, not far from the strip. Be prepared to wait up to 30 minutes for a table at breakfast. The steak breakfast is well worth the wait!笑
Serves the best breakfast on the strip. The price is also very reasonable and the unlimited supply of coffee is excellent. Highly recommended.笑
We just arrived in Vegas the night before and this was our 1st and only time using my husbands credit card in Vegas.  My husband casually questioned why it was taking so long for the waitress from England to bring his credit card back to our table, but once she brought it back, we didn't give it a second thought. My husband is the kind of guy who checks his balance regularly.  The next morning, there were 6 different charges from Hong Kong, New York, Sweden and a few other places.  We cancelled the card right away.  Thank goodness we had another card and cash,  our trip would have been ruined otherwise.  This is just a warning for others who may have saved up for a vacation just to have disastrous results.

Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.This笑
We were staying at the Ellis island hotel for EDC and our Uber driver recommended we try the cafe. She specifically told us to order the "secret steak" which comes with a steak, choice of potatoes, some veggies, and a side salad or soup. It was delicious !!! We did have to wait about 30 minutes for a table for 2 but we just sat at the bar in the casino and had a drink while waiting. Also it was super cheap ! 9.99 and our waitress was nice enough to give us a coupon for two dollars off one plate! Definitely would come back to eat the secret steak for the unbeatable price !笑
Our favorite place to eat while in Vegas!  We come here EVERY time we are in town.  Where else can you get an awesome steak, with mashed potatoes,  veggies, salad & a beer for $8.99??!! It's a place that you MUST try!  They also have a steak and eggs special for $5.99. Both meals are delicious! Great service too!笑
Hands-down the best breakfast we've had in Las Vegas! 8oz Steak and Eggs was the best steak I have had in LAS笑
Today it took 90 minutes to get seated. They didn't have enough help.they 1st said it would take 40 minutes. The food is the same as Village Pubs around town with no wait.both have same ownership笑
First time in Vegas. I came in roughly 2-ish hours before noon. Got the player's card, played some slots and then picked up the steak dinner special at roughly 11am. Solid steak. Cooked as I asked. Green beans were on point. Mashed potatoes were solid. Frankly I don't know why any newcomers order anything else unless they are a vegetarian. I also got a stout that came from the brewery via the bar. Overall, can't complain.笑
The Skinny: decent eats for the price, fantastic root beer (3.5 stars... The extra half for the root beer) service: our server was friendly enough but messed up the check 3 times... And still didn't get it right (2 stars) value: not as good a value on the price as before,  service could use some work (2 starred review). 

FYI -  they must have recently raised their prices on the 8oz steak and eggs deal. There was a sign in front of the Cafe that lists it as now $6.99. 

So I was hankering for prime rib without the exorbitant price tag.  We decided to hit Ellis Island for some eats after the good reviews/pics on Yelp. As their top sirloin steak special is listed perennially on Las Vegas advisor as one of the top 10 deals in Vegas,  we thought we could check it as well. This joint is no secret from the locals who frequent this place. At 11am on a Sunday,  there was a half hour wait for a table of 2.

Just FYI -  the steak special with 20 oz Ellis Island craft brew is $9.99 with their players card. (It isn't $8.99 like the signs say in the hotel) If you play $5, you will receive $2 off this deal. You have to redeem both these coupons at one of the player card kiosks. 

Also,  despite what their website says,  they also raised the price of the prime rib dinner to $14.99 from $13.99.

Both the steak special and the King cut prime rib special comes with green beans,  choice of potato/rice, soup/salad and a choice of their Ellis Island craft beer or root beer. 

The highlight of the meal was the root beer. Creamy with a hint of spiciness, it was pretty wonderful and I would not hesitate to get it again. 

After that, our side salads arrived at the table which were pretty generic. It was basically iceberg salad from a bag with a tomato on top with really cheap croutons. Not something you would order on its own  but because it comes with a meal,  it's okay. For a side salad, it was a pretty good portion. 

Next came our main entrées.  My prime rib,  ordered medium rare, came out medium well. Being as hungry as I was, I just ate it. It tasted not bad for the price with some minor fat and bits of gristle. It just isn't a superlative experience. The portion size was respectable (like a regular cut of prime rib) but certainly not a super large portion as suggested by the "king" cut moniker they use. The meat comes with horseradish and au jus. 

The hubs' top sirloin steak special fared a bit better although the cut was a bit too lean(didn't melt in your mouth). It was done to a perfect medium rare with a bit of charred flavor from the grill. 

The green beans were a bit overdone and stringy but adequately seasoned with a good amount of garlic. The baked potato was okay and large but lacked the perfect golden crispy skin. 

If it were only the food,  I would give this place a fair 3.5 stars with the half star bump up purely from the awesome root beer. However service was spotty at best and I think it had more to do with our server. 

Although friendly enough, she forgot things - like the waters we asked for. After we got our food,  she checked in with us once and then we didn't see her for a while. Finally,  it took 20+ minutes to get our check done incorrectly. It took her 3 corrections and she still didn't get it right (she forgot our coupons, then she didn't put all of them in, then she forgot to take off the charge for root beers which is included in the price of the meal). She did some sort of correction where the fees for the root beer were waived but we still paid tax on them... Even though the meal price included the root beer! At 25 minutes in, we weren't going to argue about it. But it is largely the principal of the matter that was bothersome. 

Overall,  the food is okay but the service needs to be better. Is it worth a half an hour wait and 20+ minutes of messed up checks? Not so sure. If you consider that Station Casinos offers prime rib buffets for $16.99 on weekends, the price for the prime rib dinner is not so great (after experiencing the lackluster salad bar and cooked veggies at Feast buffet this week, it still beat the side salad/veggies offered here hands down). The price of the steak dinner however is a decent deal only if you get the aforementioned coupons. Given this experience, I give this place a 2 starred review.笑
We are locals and eat here a lot.  Our favorite items are fish and chips and Southern Fried chicken.  Breakfast here is great.  They always have a Blue Plate special for lunch and a Steak and baked potato lunch for around $9.99.  The surroundings are cozy and the wait is well worth it.  Kids love the root beer they make on the premises.  They also have a micro-brewery and a BBQ place.笑
Really enjoyed the $8.99 steak special garlic green beans mashed potatoes and gravy and a 10 ounce top round steak. Steak was done to perfection very flavorful my wife had the Buffalo chicken wrap unfortunately it came out cold when reheated it was very tasty.

Went back a second time for the steak and egg breakfast same steak just as good eggs and home fries were outstanding good value for under 10 bucks can't beat the pricing highly recommend this place.

Service was a little slow for the dinner. Unfortunately some of the smoke filled in from the casino which is a little bit of a distraction. Other than that this place is a winner.笑
We have eaten here numerous times,  but will probably not be back. Yes the $8.99 steak special is a great deal, especially because the dark beer is excellent! They also have very good soup. The steak is OK, but the garlic green beans are awful.

However, they got the wife's order wrong on the last two visits. And there always seems to be some group making a lot of racket - and this time it was the wait staff yelling across the restaurant at each other. 

Speaking of wait staff, the first waitress (who seemed to have recently escaped from a Russian prison) walked up and stood there with pen poised over paper, when she did speak it was to tell us she was at the wrong table and was not our waitress. Waitress #2 was fine.

Basically they need a Robert Irvine or Gordon Ramsey to come in and kick some ass!笑
Came here for some egg nog. As famous as it is, I guess I prefer homemade egg nog of the custard-y variety. There wasn't enough "egg-y-ness" in it and I felt that the alcohol overpowered the drink.

Service was a little hit/miss. Our waitress was friendly enough, but she disappeared for over half an hour when we wanted to order something else.笑
Was there this morning and ordered a pancake breakfast that included 2 eggs , choice of bacon or sausage. In lieu of eggs I opted for eggbeaters. what was on my plate was disgusting. I had a conglomeration of cold regular eggs which Inclued part of a hard cooked egg. Myy intuition tells me that the restaurant may be serving leftover food from other clients. I was with friends who wanted to go there. Never again.笑
Ellis island is a small local legend 
The rewards are good and the cafe is a solid choice 
The steak special can be had for 8$ with the gambling rewards card 
I always get the special and I'm never disappointed 
It's worth getting off the strip to eat and gamble here笑
I maybe the only person in Vegas who doesn't care for this restaurant. I know! It's been around forever... I know! It's super cheap but it's just a diner with old people in it. LMAO! :P

The food is super basic however, the steak and eggs is the best thing on the menu and only $5.99. 

The home brews are good. My favorite was their IPA however, I thought it could use a bit more hops.笑
This was a pleasant surprise. When we pulled up, we were not sure if we wanted to give it a try,  but we did anyways. Glad we did. Even though it was a cafe the prime rib was great. 
Prime rib, baked potato, green beans were very good. I even did not mind the package of sour cream and the little packages of butter. Because the prime rib was so good. Mine was I little more done than I wanted, but the taste and flavor were just fine. 
The server was a little absent minded, but did get everything we needed. 
There is a parking structure in back.
For the price and what you got, it was well worth it. 
It is a brewery, got you some beers.笑
This place is great! 13.99 for an enormous cut of prime rib?! I'm in! They also have a great hefeweizen that comes for free(or any other choice of their beers for that matter)! The waitresses are so friendly and so awesome! We also tried their clam chowder which is one of the best I've ever had the chance to have..and even better than any clam chowder at Fisherman's Wharf if San Francisco and San Diego! I think they've now lost the title for best clam chowder in the world, and it now belongs to Ellis Idland Cafe!

I was so skeptical at first, but their mashed potatoes and garlic string beans are the perfect sides to their juicy prime rib!  I'm in love and I think this hidden gem is the perfect spot after all those buffets! I hadron Buffet at the Bellagio and their Kobe Beef Round is nothing compared to Ellis Island Cafés King Cut Prime Rib!

Next time, I'll try the onion rings and calamari!!笑
Had the players club special 10 ounce sirloin with Choice a potato green beans and soup or salad. Green beans delicious! Salad sucked. Potatoes good. Sirloin really tough n chewy, not so tasty. As a local Would not come here again for food or gambling! The 20 oz beer that came with the 8.99 price was best part!!笑
Lots of good, cheap food, where you can get off the strip and not have to deal with the lines and hassle of a buffet. This is not fine dining, but it's a hell of a lot better than a Denny's. The only thing I didn't really like was the homemade cheesecake. It was too sweet and strangely light, kind of like a cream cheese mousse.笑
These guys are cheap eats, good but not wow tasting food:  cinnamon vanilla French toast, top sirloin steak and eggs, buttermilk pancakes.  Can't give a star for efficient service since a couple's food who sat ten minutes after us got their food first.  Then another two person party who came in 20 minutes after us got their food and we still didn't get ours and only then did waitress say she will check on ours (good thing cause we were considering walking out) and by this time the couple who sat ten minutes after us was already done with their breakfast.  She did comp our drinks: two orange juice and two coffees...However when we have a hungry child and didn't intend on spending so much time for breakfast, we left feeling not wanting to come back no matter the price.笑
This place is one of our must stops when in Vegas. Small off the strip casino we always have good luck at and the food, you get your $$ worth. There's always a wait but they give you buzzer so you can roam around and gamble.  Prime rib dinner is a must!笑
I was kind of disappointed, the food was pretty good for the prices but I didn't like how complicating they made it to get the coupon. You have to get the rewards card then go to the kiosk and print it yourself, it was just a hassle. Our server seemed stressed out but was efficient in her serving. Overall not bad.笑
We ordered the chicken fried chicken one of the best meals you can get bold statement better than home-cooked food. If I can give this place a 10 star I will do it The pizza in the casino was very good food was hot fresh.笑
It was really good food. They have improved on customer service and I enjoyed myself. 6 people ate for ynder $45.笑
Good honest food, fair prices, and great service! Shared a reasonably priced good bottle of wine. Low key and comfortable. If you're tired of all the over-the-top Strip, check this place out!笑
All I need to say is $5.99 for steak and eggs. 6oz sirloin, eggs and hash browns for $5.99 is one of the best deals around and you do to have to sign up for a players card. The steak has a nice char on it. 
I'll be back for more.笑
My friends and family have been going here for a long time but we have not been there in a while. Yesterday we went with friends and it not the same anymore. The menu has changed. No more Orange Roughy and no more rolls with your meal. Can't even have a separate check. What is up with that. There foods is very good but I will never go back again. The service was not all that great and hardly ever saw the waitress. If they want my business ever again they need to bring back the Orange Roughy and put rolls on the table and be able to have a separate check. I will see what happens in the months to come.笑
We have gone to Ellis Island for years, bringing many friends and family to enjoy the "steak" special, which always included the beer, until this year.  It is a total disappointment, which is not that costly to provide the beverage...quite a unique feature.  Steak dinner I'm still good, though.  Would have to go 4-star on rating after the dropped beer.笑
Omg! Breakfast for $5.99 isn't bad at all in Vegas! I was craving steak and eggs and the worker at the 7-11 store (next door to casino) told me to try this place! I'm so happy that, I listened to her! This deal comes with eggs, toast, steak and side of potatoes. The steak was cooked at the right temperature and not over cooked.

We got here about 9am and were seated by the hostess of the restaurant. We ordered our food with a young lady (Asian). She was so sweet with us. She was very friendly, she talked to us about her daughter being a DJ in Vegas/San Diego. 

Overall, we got our food within 10 minutes and got out of there within 35 mins max. The wait was really fast for a party of 3 people. I will return soon, on my next trip to Vegas.笑
Breakfast was served quickly and had generous portions. Food was very good with curtious wait staff. A definite stop for reasonably priced food.笑
My husband and I came here for prime ribs. Their prime rib is really good, much better than other restaurants in Vegas and better than buffet's prime rib. Our prime ribs came with potato, green beens, a cup of soup, and a 20-ounce fresh brewed beer for only $13.99. Great deal! The service was good and fast. Like other typical casinos, we had to wait about 30 minutes before being seated.  
The reason I only give 4 stars for this restaurant is because we found one restaurant serving the best prime rib in our opinion in a small town of WY. So, no other steak restaurants can deserve a 5-star preview.笑
I'm so sad,  this was our 'go to' spot when we are in Vegas.  Under new management and while the food is still good the portions are significantly smaller while the price went up 35% to 40%. We used to eat most of our meals here but I think we'll be looking for other places to spend our meal dollars笑
Great food great price, it's a nice place to get good floor for really cheap price a block from the strip...笑
La comida está muy pero muy buena, pero el servicio no es bueno. Tuvimos que esperar mucho para que nos trajeran la comida, y después esperamos más para que nos trajeran cheque. La mesera jamás se apareció. 
El manager es un chino que jamás dio la cara sobre todas las quejas que había..
Ojalá pudieran mejorar el servicio!!!笑
First time in Vegas and this was the first restaurant I came to. Got here late and needed a place to grab a quick bite, so decides to stop here and boy, was it a good bite to grab. Had a cup of chili for starters and it was so yummy. Ordered a burger for my main course and it was juicy and flavorful. My buddy got the fish and chips, which I wish I would've gotten, and holy moly was it good. Really can't beat the taste of this food for this good of a price. Good way to start off my trip to Vegas!笑
Yum.  Just YUM!

We ate here twice during our stay, and I wouldn't mind eating here for every meal of our trip!  My husband had the $9.99 steak special and the steak was beyond delicious.  He actually said he liked it better than the $50+ steak he orders when we go to Joe's at Caesar's.  You can't beat $9.99 for an amazing steak, their garlic green beans, baked potato and a house-brewed beer!  I had the chicken parm (my favorite comfort food), which was damn near the best I've ever had, also for $9.99 with a house-brewed root beer.

Our next visit was breakfast, where I had the bacon and eggs, and my eggs were done exactly as I asked (for me, that's rare!) and my husband had the chicken-fried chicken... SO good.  It's kind of old-school Vegas - it has a diner/coffee shop kind of feel, and the servers are as nice as can be.  Definitely a hidden gem.  This place will always be on our Vegas list!笑
Great food for low prices in town. Sign up for the players card and receive a coupon for $8.99 steak dinner for everyone at your table. Big Juicy steak with soup or salad. Side of your choice with delicious green beans and a beer or root beer.  Can't beat that. Get a new coupon everyday. .. Must try it out!!!!!!笑
Half the restaurant was empty, one waitress telling people the wait was 30-45 mins, another waitress was saying 1-1.5 hours. I saw them lose at least 20 customers while we waited. Their excuse? They are doing shift change.. Why would management schedule a shift change at 1230?! Right in the middle of lunch on a weekend! Poor planning.. Luckily their food and price is good. But next time I will eat elsewhere instead of drive here to wait.笑
Food is great but Veronica and front host and usher are unorganized and very rude.
Waited 55 minutes while tables were left dirty with none cleaning them and making them available for patrons. Several parties left after being ignored or made to wait longer than agreed wait times.
Clear tables everywhere and no one being seated. Terrible, who runs this place. Need larger dinning area based on the demand. Been here several times and it's always the same. Not my choice to come here. But food is good and affordable. Servers are amazing...笑
Had dinner here for the first time. On first appearance it seems pretty old and the casino is smokey. The cafe was packed. Ordered the prime rib and it was tasty, juicy, and huge. Came with a free brewery beer too!  I traded my beer for an iced tea. Huge serving of green beans and a big baked potato. All delicious. I would have paid three times as much at somewhere like outback. Out server was Phillip from Manilla who was great. Came as soon as we were seated. Brought water and bread and took our order right away. I watched him balance several tables. The place was packed. My sister got the fish and chips which were excellent too. Very crunchy on the outside and moist inside. I will definitely go back. Great for the price.笑
Previously a favorite place that I would always recommend to visitors.  Not any more.  As it has gained in popularity both the service and quality of food has declined.  Yesterday's lunch was so poor I won't be back.  Our favorite item to order is fish and chips.  This day we were seated and it took 10 minutes for the waitress to come by for our order.  We both ordered the fish and chips. Then we waited and the. We waited.  Finally after 35 minutes two baskets of over cooked and I mean dark crusted fish that were drenched in oil were delivered.  I removed the poorly cooked dish to a napkin and it immediately became soaked in dark oil. The chips beneath the fish were so soggy with oil we could not eat them.  I brought it to the waitress' attention and she shrug and said she could bring some new ones.  As we picked the soggy crust from the fish our chips didn't arrive until we had enough of everything.  Avoid this place.  Save your time and money.笑
The wait time was horrible. Took 30 min. to be seated and almost 45 min. for us to get our food. They weren't busy. There was a lot of empty tables, but maybe they were short on staff?  But when that prime rib hit our table it was very good - full of flavor! It was enough for me and my friend to share. My other friend had the chicken fried steak and it was over cooked (hard and salty). Would I come back? Prob not because I can't wait 1hr and 15min. to get food. But that prime rib was legit.笑
This is a small Cafe that is tucked inside the Ellis Island Casino which is a bit off-strip so is mainly patronized by locals. It's most famous offering is a steak and eggs special for $5.99 available between 11 pm. and 11 am. which surprisingly I've never had it in all my visits here as I've generally come during peak dinner hours.

I've always found them to be packed and have had to wait about 40 minutes before getting a table. A good thing is that they give you a token that lights up and beeps when your table is ready so you can roam around the casino and play rather than hang around waiting at the Café.

Over a couple of visits I've tried a bunch of their house specials. During my first visit I got a King Cut Prime Rib ($13.99) and asked for it to be done medium, but what I got was too rare for my taste. The cut of beef also had a lot of fat so I did not like this very much. During subsequent visits I've tried their Chicken Fried Steak ($8.99) which was pretty good but the gravy was a let down, the Wild Alaskan Salmon ($11.99) which was cooked nice and juicy and the NY Stake and Fried Shrimp ($11.99) which was cooked to a perfect medium. Their service is a bit slow right from taking your order to clearing your check but it is bearable. Last word of advise would be to add a large glass of one of their in house brewed beers (Amber Ale - European style beer, Hefe Weiss - wheat beer, Dark Larger - Stout, Light - Regular beer and IPA - hoppy bitterness) to any entree for $2.25. 

Ellis Island Cafe is a reasonably good place to get a cheap yet decent meal which is what keeps getting us back, whenever we are visiting Vegas.笑
I was in the mood for some old school Vegas fun so I headed to Ellis Island for some of the best prime rib in town. While I waited for my table I enjoyed a tall cold Guinness for only $2.50 in the lounge. I'm definitely going back for good cheap drinks, chill ambiance  and karaoke...the prime rib and shrimp cocktail were fabulous as usual. Don't miss this favorite Vegas classic.笑
My boyfriend and I came here for a late lunch before heading back home. I did read a few reviews that mentioned the wait even though more than half of the dining room is open, and that's exactly what happened to us yet i was still surprised. Okay. No big deal, not enough staff to have a full house. I can understand. They text you when your table is ready so that makes up for it - you can roam a little, gamble a little (which is probably what they want you to do during the wait..), and grab free drinks 

Anyway, we waited about half an hour which went by pretty fast.

I do wish they had a drink menu but there's an open bar and they have craft beer at $2.50 a glass! It's on their chalkboard walls but it's not always so convenient looking for it. 

My boyfriend and I wanted to try both the chicken fried steak and the prime rib so we shared the two dishes. He started with their soup (which is delicious btw) and I just had a salad. We chose fries and mashed potatoes as our sides. Being a potato lover, I was disappointed. Neither of it was freshly made and the mashed potatoes were kind of hard/tasted old. The chicken fried steak was really salty, and that's what got me to eat the fries. My boyfriend really likes it tho! I haven't had prime rib anywhere else so I can't compare but I quite enjoyed it here. We left STUFFED with plenty of leftovers for like $30!

We originally heard about this place for their steak and eggs specials and were unclear on the details so we made sure to ask our waitress before leaving. They do still have the $6.99 special and it runs from 11pm to 11am (extended to 2pm on weekends i believe). 

Our waitress was really nice and friendly!笑
So I have been to Vegas well over 20 times. And have wandered out back of Bally's several times to catch the Monorail. Never knew this place existed or that it was worth visiting.A friend told me about the bbq that starts getting served at 4 but that didn't fit my schedule. I did get one of the few seats open in the bar where I could get food from the cafe and some in house brew without a half hour wait for a table. The beer was really good and really cheap. What I had was a beer and a 1/2lb bacon cheeseburger with fries and a beer for under $10. Was it great? no. Was it over cooked? yes. Was it worth what I paid? you bet! This place serves a lot of locals late after they work. The bar I was in becomes a Karaoke bar late many nights. It is only a short walk off the strip so if you are feeling broke you can get filled up for a reasonable price. I wish I could verify the quality of the bbq, but the beers are good. :)笑
Nice cafe with good food & a fun karaoke bar next to it. Casino is very old looking . Came with a group of people and we had a blast.笑
Trying to figure out where to go to dinner in Vegas, for a local on The Strip, can be an epic task not to be taken lightly. The dilemma always is price versus convenience versus quality.

The Ellis Island Cafe happens to meet a sweet spot in the above dilemma. Their wait times to get in are usually 45 minutes to an hour, but after a few turns of nearby slot machines and a beer, your number is usually called.

Be nice to the staff because they like regulars. I've even brought groups of friends to eat here, they seemed to like the pub atmosphere.

Beer is made on-site, is cold and competitively priced. The food is decent enough and the steaks are pretty good. I really like the thick cut steak fries and the soups are tasty.

If you are in need of a place to have dinner without the sticker shock of a Vegas Strip restaurant, try Ellis Island Cafe, located one block East on Flamingo behind Bally's Casino.笑
I didn't know what to expect.. I just knew it was going to be affordable.  My husband tried the Berkshire 50/50 it was suuuuuper good and I had the steak dinner can't beat that for 9.99! For that price it was really good.笑
The food is excellent and the prices are great! Issue I had was the service I received.

My girlfriend and two of our friends went here on a Sunday night. Now it wasn't horribly busy but it wasn't empty either. We get to our table and our waiter gets us our drinks. We all order appetizers, soups/salads and our meals. So far so good. A few minutes later, we all could use a refill of our drinks. Our waiter has disappeared and it looks like the other waiters are busy. We are brought soups/salads but no appetizer. Given the portion size, I actually didn't mind not receiving the appetizer. Asked our waiter for a refill of our drinks and he just nods his heads. We don't ever see a refill. Our meals then shortly came out and once again we asked for a refill of our drinks. Waiter nods his head, and still no refills and no sign of our waiter thereafter. This is getting ridiculous. 

The food was amazing! Definitely made up for the lack of service we were receiving. We finish our meals and this is where Ellis Islas cafe goes downhill. So we get our check and notice we were charged for the appetizers we never received. So we grab another waiter to get our waiter. Our waiter reluctantly comes out and we tell him that there was a mistake with our check. He looks at it and says sorry he will correct it. We also insist we  speak with a manager/supervisor. He agrees to get him for us and then says "oh would you guys like refills?" ....we have only asked for refills a few times already and never received them.

We wait 15 minutes, manager doesn't show so we ask again. Another 15 minutes pass and he finally shows up but doesn't come to our table. He talks with our waiter, looks at us, and then rolls his eyes and whispers something to the waiter and walks away. So now we get our new tab and it shows $5 off with the appetizers we never received still on the tab. So once again we ask our waiter to please have the manager talk to us so we can get this straightened out. We never got to talk with the manager but finally after another 20 minutes, the problem got fixed.

I really did enjoy the food especially for the prices. However, the service was a little less than desired and almost makes me hesitant to come back.笑
Let's start with the cafe is open to the casino so it stinks of cigarette smoke. My wife had the apple pecan salad with citrus vinaigrette which was great. I had the prime rib sandwich, the meat was overcooked to shoe leather quality and the roll might have been fresh two days ago but not today. The cole slaw was some of the best I have had. Our server Alex was very efficient. The bill for food was $20 without the tip. Just as we finished our meal the guy at the table next to us lit up a cigarette. We won't be back.笑
Great food at great prices. We were sceptical because if the low prices but boy was dinner good!! Excellent service to! The pictures say it all.笑
I have tried. I really have. Food is cheap. This is true. But it is so painfully obvious why. And the waitresses do not give a damn. They just don't. They have attitude. I'm in Vegas. I have money to spend here. I'm not in a tight budget. I did come because I had 100$ free play and 50$ food coupons. I like Ellis island table games. 

Let's put it this way. I was there 8 nights. I left Vegas still having a 25$ Ellis island food voucher because I'd rather pay $$ in Vegas for an experience of quality then have a free meal that sucked. 

The photos look MUCH better than they tasted. This is our second visit in 4 months. First time I didn't like it either.  Famous fish and chips. Well greasy soggy mess makes you famous ok. Hubby had Rueben sandwich. It too was soggy. It more edible then my fish. But I digress. 

This trip good free. I agreed to give it another shot for lunch. I ordered the club sandwich hubby the 50/50 burger. Supposed to be half ground bacon half hamburger meat. 

Ok. I'm from Texas. Maybe it is just here but I have never had a club salad or a club sandwich with NO cheese. Small thing right? It's a big deal on a sandwich like a club though. I asked about it and was told it was 2$ more. Nope wasn't gonna do it. At this point I was already irritated because I spent 4$ for a side salad that was lettuce and croutons. I asked for onions on it and they wanted 1$ for a slice of onion. My club sandwich wasn't toasted at all (see pics). Fries were good. 

Hubby's burger was ordered medium and came dry as the Sahara. No bacon flavor in the meat. It was an odd crumbly texture. The bacon should have added grease and flavor but it did not. It wasn't horrible bad but not good either. 

I'll never eat here again. Not because of the food. I'd probably try it again fir breakfast but the staff is terrible. The hostess (a blonde woman shoulder length hair 45-55 yrs old) was super sweet. We'd been seated in a section and waited and waited. No one bothered to greet us (this was after a 20 min wait for a table in a more than half empty restaurant, which I've never understood) we flagged her down and asked to switch sections which she kindly obliged. About 5 min later the waitress from that section came to our table to scold us. She said "I told you I'd be right with you but you couldn't wait!" I just stared at her. She never acknowledged us at all but whatever. Then she said "well did you want to stay here or come back to my section?"  Shocked, I said no we'd stay here. So rude. Omgosh. Our waitress was ok. She was surely, brisk. Didn't smile. Wasn't friendly but efficient enough to earn her tip (we always tip 20%)

Anyway. Come. Eat. It's not going to kill you. It's cheap. It's ok. It's not great. The casino and workers are great. Don't come expecting more than a dennys type meal however. I did, and was disappointed.笑
I usually come here once or twice per Vegas trip.  The "unadvertised" steak special is awesome.  It comes with a free beer or rootbeer, and I used to be able to get a soft drink instead, but the last few times the waiter said they need to charge for sodas.

Up until coming here, I hated green beans.  The green beans that come with the steak special are great. The salad is pretty good too.  The fries are hit-or-miss.  Sometimes they are really good, but most of the time they aren't.  The baked potato is OK.

The wait time can sometimes suck.  I always make sure to get a match play coupon for blackjack.  I end up winning over half the time.笑
One of those hidden gems that you just happen to stumble upon. We've been coming to Vegas for 15 years but just discovered this place about 5 years ago. Their fish and chips is one of the best I've ever had. It is 3 be huge pieces served with yummy steak fries all for under 10.00. I have never seen any fish pieces as big and thick as they are here, it's the one thing we come back for year after year. I highly recommend the fish and their club sandwich have as well. Two items not to be missed!笑
We had a big fulfilling meal for such a cheap price. I had the steak and eggs, ordered it medium and it came almost well done. Our food took forever and a day to come so there was no way I was sending it back and waiting for a new one. Unfortunately I didn't enjoy it. My boyfriend had the prime rib and he devoured it. The server said this was the best thing they had on the menu. My sister ordered the steaks and fried shrimp and her steak was way better than mines. It was a different cut from the steak that comes with the steak and eggs so that's why. I think it was a NY, or a sirloin, not sure. The salads that come with your entree are pretty damn good for a little side salad. 

They have peach cobbler but I was way too full to have dessert. 

$5 roulette tables in the casino!!!!! And great tasting, freshly made micheladas at the little Mexican spot for pretty cheap! Pretty cool to still see a casino that is outdated and has that old school vegas feel, even if it is off the strip.笑
Open at 4:30am?  Check.  6$ omelette?  Check.  Conveniently located right beside the strip?  Check.  

While by no means is Ellis Island a gourmet place, I would argue that getting cheap and good eats at a ridiculous hour in a convenient location is actually a better experience than a lot of the "fine dining" places that I've eaten.  The omelettes are quite good as well, with fresh ingredients and a cook that knows not to over-brown the eggs.  One of the best intermediate venue changes around! 

Don't try and come here during peak hours though - waits are usually 45min-1hr for dinner.笑
If you want good home-y American food that's cheap and filling, this is the place to go. They give you a HUGE plate of bacon and eggs for only 5.99. I was feeling quite hungry and ordered the NY steak with shrimp cocktail. It was okay. Ate half, took out the other half. Otherwise, nothing special.笑
We went at 2am. The wait for seats was about 15 minutes. We ordered shrimp cocktail.. it was gross.. warm and limp. Then decided to try something else ordered the French onion soup and I'm 99% sure it wasn't the right cheese on it. It was like sweet Swiss.. with a roll as the croissant. And so I didn't have it on me to tell them that was gross too so I just paid for it and didn't take more then one bite. My husband ordered the 13.99 New York steak and fried shrimp and he said it was good. Not great but not bad... and for only 13.99 he would order it again but it wasn't good enough that he would ever want to go back. Also his came with a side salad and the ranch tasted sour.. overall it wasn't very good. Service wasn't great either. Wouldn't go back even if it was free..笑
No stars for it not being take out when stating it is on yelp. I just waisted $10 on a cab, which could of been a potential $60+ profit just off their menu笑
Another hidden gem! Balling on a budget.

It was a Tuesday night on my anniversary and my boyfriend and I wanted to do something fun/different but not spend a ton of money. If you know us we like alcohol, occasional gambling and local deals. 

I could not believe there was a 40 minute wait at 11pm at night to eat at this little ol restaurant at Ellis island. My boyfriend raved about it and I could see others thought the same. 

We sat down and got the steaks. Honey got steak and eggs. I got steak, potato and greens. Both came with a salad. The blue cheese was super tasty. Dressing came on the side which is good for those picky people. I love mine drenched and it was enough to do so. They were amazing portions. I couldn't even finish my food. The best part was the service. Our waiter was an older man with a Russian accent? I don't know but damn was he fast. Whipped in to take our order. Whipped out. I swear I could have blinked and our drinks were refilled. It was the best. I cannot explain how amazing the food, service and ambiance was. Now I'm NOT talking romantic, quiet, dimmed.. I'm talking every individual in the place was chowing down and laughing. It was a good time and that's where I want to be! Another positive point was price. Food is ridiculously cheap, I don't even see how they can make a profit. Our bill came to Less than 20 bucks with two salads and two entrees. Whew! The rest of our money then was able to be spent on booze and gambling. Score! It gets old going to super classy restaurants where I have to
Get all dressed up in a dress I can't breathin and heels I can't walk in year after year. This was a perfect change.. Best anniversary yet haha.笑
all i can say is....off the hook!!! the barbeque is the best and for the price....we had dinner-1/2 slab and 1/2 chicken for 2 $30.00.  it was great!!!  i will always return when i am i town.笑
Hands down the worst food around. I mean if ur starved and need to eat I get it but other then that, the food and service is horrible!!!! Its like a truck stop or something. The food is as if they threw it in the microwave! The service ohhh the service...  Our server was Cindy. I told her that my potatoes were cold. She said, OK well I have to take someone's order 1st. I'm like what!?!?! I'm in the hospitality indrusty and from the food to the service I will never ever come back here again. When I told Cindy that they might want to do something about the potatoes she then said yeah I don't like them either! So Waite if you won't eat them why the heck are you recommending the food! Listen I take my food seriously. I mean look the lady Cindy seems like she might be nice outside of work just not feeling the service and how things were handled笑
Had a great steak lunch here. Top Sirloin with French fries and green beans.

For $8.99 you can't beat that.

There is a wait,so make sure you place your name with the host first and then kill time at the slots.笑
Worst food and service I've had in 19 years of living in Las Vegas! Waiter looked at us on and off for 20 minutes before coming to our table and then only after we asked another waiter to get his attention.  After taking our order took another 20 minutes for our drinks and an additional 30 minutes for our food.  Salads made with brown wilted lettuce.  Food was far below average.  Edible, but just barely. Waiter couldn't be bothered to serve properly but stood at the table's end and, thumb on top of the plates,  reached across everyone to serve like on a prison slop line.  Bus boy walked up with a plastic tray half full of dirty plates and garbage, held it by my face so that I could look in, and cleared the salad bowls. I called the cafe manager over to complain and, instead of remedying the situation, he said "well, I'll let you tell the waiter" and walked away.  I would eat at a Salvation Army homeless kitchen before going back.笑
I don't come to Vegas often but when I do it's for the food and shows. We happened to hear this place had good bbq and steak. We didn't try the bbq, but we had the steak dinner (not on the menu) but if you gamble or just pick up the gambling card you can get a steak dinner for the table at 9.99 a plate. That's amazing considering that the steak comes with a side and garlic green beans. The steak is slightly over cooked so order one off from what you normally order (i.e. You like med rare steak = order rare; you like well done = order med well.). This worked for me and others at the table. Anyways, great steak dinner. Would definitely be back of more steak. Also the calamari appetizer was surprisingly good.笑
No better spot in Vegas than Ellis Island!  Don't judge a book by its cover.....not much to look at from the outside.  I am a frequent visitor to LV and never make a trip w/out having a meal at Ellis Island.  You cannot go wrong with the cafe or BBQ joint here.  You will usually have to wait for a table at the Cafe' but be patient and enjoy the casino.  Definitely go for the steak special if you don't have a BOGO coupon, but I always get the Prime Rib.  IMHO it is as good of a prime rib as you will find in Vegas.  $2 Beers brewed in house, and friendly servers.  Sometimes the service can be a little slow, but this is a place to relax...no one should be in a hurry hear.

I'll review the casino separately, but it is a gem.  Great place to hang out, eat and spend an evening.笑
Great breakfast. This is not your usual budget steak and eggs deal. Here's why: when they ask you how you want your steak, it actually goes into their ears and is somehow relayed to someone in the kitchen who cooks it that way. Novel approach! (And a nice contrast to the 5.99 shoe leather and eggs deals which are everywhere in vegas)

The food is good, service is quick and friendly,  and you can get your blackjack on afterwards (Who cares it's 8am on a tuesday... no I don't have a problem).

Also: sit in Rosie's section. She's amazing.笑
I was told about this place by a coworker. I have to say IA am glad I listened. We went for my birthday and had a great meal. It is a very small casino and the place doesn't look like much compared to all the other casinos around but the service here is amazing and it was a good price.笑
This place is over rated! Not that big of a deal. Food lacks flavor and was not cooked to perfection. Salmon was returned because it was dry and the prime rib lacked flavor. Should have went to the BBQ place inside and tried the ribs.笑
hadnt been here in probably 10yrs??? idk how long really, but it had been a minute!! decided to check it out on a sunday evening, bc we were remembering what good deals they used to offer. not busy, seated right away, took a good while for our server to acknowledge us and come over to get our order, its cool tho. we placed our order:
husband got prime rib, loaded baked potato and a side salad.  i ordered spagehtti w/meat balls (suprise) hehe and a side salad as well.  i asked to get one of the 9.99 steak specials to go so we could bring home for my son, and she said specials could not be taken to go but she would ring it up regular n bring it out so we could box it up out here -- COOL!! shes winning points!! lol we got our salads not too long after that, the busser came to take away our salad bowls when we were done, but here we were already 30min into our dining experience, ate our salads and still no drinks.. we tried several times to get her attention, but it was weird bc it felt like she was ignoring us. she helped the 2 tables around us, but srsly avoided us!!! lol... when she brought out our entrees we finally asked for our iced teas n she then brought them out. no apology.  its cool... weird, but whatever... ive been a sever before so im waaaayyyy understanding, buuuut thats why only 3stars.  food was good! prices were good! server still got her 20%, but meh...笑
Where else in Vegas can you get perfectly cooked Wild Alaskan Coho Salmon on a bed of rice with vegetables and soup or salad for $11.49??

Ellis Island Cafe is off the beaten Vegas strip, only a block or two away, but is definitely worth checking out. 

The food in Vegas is pricey whereas fabulous shows are comparatively cheaper than what you'll find in places like NYC. Years ago, the opposite was true. The shows are amazing so if you're going to spend money in Vegas, I would suggest spending it on the shows, not the food (or more precisely, the restaurant overhead).

To qualify my review, I've been to Gordon Ramsay's steakhouse, the Eiffel Tower Restaurant in the Paris Hotel, and Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill. All are 4+ star restaurants and have some great food but so does Ellis Island Cafe although you'll find it at a fraction of the price. The difference is you're not paying for expensive overhead, or handsome servers with British accents.

Ellis Island Cafe is a family restaurant with a Casino (of course) attached to it and the area might seem a bit sketchy but you are in Vegas, remember, and I'm sure you've seen sketchy if you've spent even a minute on the strip. 

No worries, once inside you'll feel like you've entered a time machine. Burgundy colored pleather high-back booths and antiquish framed artwork adorn the dark wood paneling on the walls. If you can get past that, you're well on your way to a delicious, satisfying meal at a very reasonable price.

Excellent service, delicious food, great value. 

Kudos Ellis Island Cafe!笑
We came here while on vacation because some of the reviews said this was a local hangout.  We each ordered the chicken and waffles from the special menu.  They were amazing.  I ordered a mimosa and it came out with the rest of the sparkling wine bottle allowing me to continue drinking.  The wait staff were very attentive.

Downside is the atmosphere.  It was located in a rundown casino off the strip and it seemed very dirty and outdated.笑
Good food at reasonable prices. Service is also very good. 

My only gripe is the limited selection. We will be back.笑
Best fried chicken and great prices. Always a wait but worth it every time. I've also had many other menu items like prime rib, sandwiches and other tasty items offered. Gotta say service is a bit poor but the food is top notch for the price you pay. Again it's worth the wait. Enjoy笑
It's 2AM, and I've just fought my through OMNIA nightclub. I'm drunk AF and hangry like there's no tomorrow. I miraculously somehow managed to Lyft myself and crew to Ellis Island Cafe for late night eats. LOL.

Surprising amount of people eating at 2AM at this cafe, but no bigs, we were seated after a few minutes of waiting. Ordered their steak and eggs, medium rare and eggs scrambled. I think I liked it because according to my friends I inhaled the steak. Lmao. There's not much I can remember (memory is hazy) except I was full, satisfied, and happy. Hahahaha!

They're open 24/7, so perfect for drunken late night eats if you're looking for a place to hit up after the club!笑
It's alright.  More of a locals place for being so close to the strip.  Good food specials, but there's a line for EVERYTHING including food, player's card, etc.  The bbq is ok.  Ima hafta tty the steak and eggs next trip. It's worth it just to hang in a stress free spot for a night, mingle with locals, and enjoy yourself.笑
I've been here before.  The food and staff are usually awesome.   That is the only reason I am giving today two stars.  

Not sure what is going on, but the service today stinks. Breaks my heart. 

We weren't greeted by the hostess nor  manager at the front check in, despite my morning pleasantries. Once seated,  we waited seven minutes for a server to approach us, only to say "be right with you." She walked by three minutes later, and in passing said, "sorry to keep you waiting, " but kept walking.  She returned five minutes later, only because I sat back and stared at her as she attempted to pass us again. Fifteen minutes!   Not acceptable.

Once we got her at our table, no greeting or intro with name. "Yall know about our steaks? How do you want yours? "  I didn't want nor eat steak.   We gave our food orders, and I had to ask if we could order drinks. 

It's been 42 minutes since we were seated, and still no food. I can't believe this. Can't tell if it's short staffed today,  or what; but all the more reason for more welcoming attitudes and support from the manager.笑
Can't say enough nice things.  Walking distance of any major strip hotel.  Yes it is a dive.  Yes the casino is smoky and old.  Yes on most nights you will wait even up to an hour.  Its choices you have to make.  $2.50 for a draft beer, find that somewhere on the strip.  The prices for food are very low given the location.  Other strip hotels charge double if not triple for the same things.  Decide if you want to wait or pay way more money on the strip.  Love this place!!!笑
Lost 1 star only because they have a limited menu because they are remodeling their kitchen. Otherwise, its a very busy restaurant. Service still good. Had the Caeser salad with steak. A seemingless endless salad smothered in a satisfying dressing. Steak soft & flavorful, sliced & placed over the salad. The bb-q chix is half a small bird. Comes w/starch, veggie & salad. Hankering for their fish that was off the menu this night. After the kitchen remodel, can't wait to come back.笑
I have tried for years to dine here but would not wait the 2 hour wait. today I was there when they opened and got right in. wow, I see why the wait. I had the chicken and ribs combo.$12.99 such a deal.
ribs were amazing. I will definately be back.笑
Hole in the wall café style restaurant inside the Casino. It feels like you are kinda walking back in time when you come in here. Looks can be deceiving. The café is tucked away in the corner and you walk up and they give you a paper number to wait to be called. Both times I have gone we waited about 25 minutes or so in the evening. We got the prime rib special that comes with salad, bread, potatoes, veggies and huge prime rib AND a Beer for like $8! The beer was pretty good. Our server was pretty friendly, but what people really should go for is the food! it was so much leftover that I wish we had a fridge and microwave in our hotel room. You have to stop here if you are looking for something close to the strip with no hassle parking.笑
Take my advice, for the best burger in LV, don't look for a celebrity chef's place that sells a $22 hamburger with aioli and arugula. Nah, go two blocks off the strip down Flamingo, look to your right and see it. Ellis Island BBQ and Casino. Walk in, go to the bar and order a 50/50 burger. 8oz. of angus and bacon, ground together, your choice of bun and cheese with some great steak fries all for...you ready? $8.95! Add in a 23oz Ellis Island beer for $3 and you are good to go! Oh yeah, karaoke nightly and a $5 roulette table.
Ellis Island, the best little dive in LV.笑
The food was ok. The steak was not very tasty even with A1 sauce.  My mom didn't even finish it.  

The only thing i like abt this place was their slots machine. Won couple of bucks while waiting for us to be seated.笑
If you drive by this cafe/casino you would think what a dump. Once you get inside you will still think what a dump! 

Now on to the food and customer service. Ellis Island was recommended by a bellman at the Wynn. Yes a bellman at the Wynn. He said, "you're going to wonder why I would send you to a seedy casino for breakfast but it is really delicious, priced nicely and they serve breakfast 24hrs a day".

Ellis Island is always the must stop hang over breakfast before heading out of Fabulous Las Vegas. They have steak and eggs specials and make your own omelets deals. The service is fast, friendly and I have never left disappointed. 

Love it!笑
Wow! I know Las Vegas has gems and steak specials but this place is no joke!!

At first you walk in and just know it is an older outdated place but once we ate their food not once but twice we knew we found a great spot! We came here this past weekend for my dad's bday after he saw the reviews here on Yelp. Our entire family was not disappointed.

I ordered the Denver Omelet and it came with potatoes, it was the yummiest omelet I have ever tasted! The coffee was even good!! Others in my party had the steak & eggs special- $5.99 and it looked very good. I had a bite of the steak, and it was very flavorful!

We liked this place so much that we went back the next evening for their dinner special. It was steak, choice of potato, green beans, salad and a 20oz beer. Wowza!! This steak was a different cut than the one they offer for breakfast. It was thick and a large cut, I was very impressed. This special is $8.99 but if you sign up for their casino's players card they will give you $1.00 of this amazing deal.

If you are looking for great steak specials in Vegas that are good tasting and want a bang for your buck, this place is a must when you are in town!! It is def our new go to spot!!!笑
Ellis Island has a delicious steak and egg deal for 5.99.  This deal is between the hours of 11 pm to 11 am. You can not go wrong with this meal.

Ellis Island Cafe is definitely a bit run down and it definitely shows. It's a fairly small casino which is found near the corner of Koval Ln. and Flamingo Rd. This casino is known only by the locals.

I'm definitely a huge fan of the steak and eggs. The steak is definitely delicious. They also serve potato cubes.

The service here can be a bit slow at times, and is a "hit or miss". I've came here and had some of the best service ever, as well as waiters that never came back to help us.笑
Found this place through YELP, while on a 3-day/2-night stay in Vegas with the bf.  Kind of a seedy looking area, and in a really small casino, but what a deal on the $5.99 steal and eggs special!  It's true, the special isn't on the menu, but stopped in after 11:00 pm, and the server confirmed the deal.

Great deal, good food, quick and friendly service!  Also, beer is only $2.  And listening to the drunkards karaoke at the bar next to the cafe is free entertainment.  Haha!笑
I ordered french onion soup was pretty good...!
And I Ei Caesar Salad with Ny Steak was good!
It had red onions, black olives, avocado, tomatoes, Parmesan cheese and croutons!
Too good! I love this place....!笑
Great tasting steak and the players club discount went a long way beer was $2.50! Even without the players club discount this place is a real bargain! Service lacked but other than that everything was cool.笑
We came here based on a local's recommendation and it seriously didn't disappoint!!  First get a players card to get the special steak deal that's not on the menu. The steak was so good!!  It was 10 oz came with green beans and 2 sides of your choice all for $10!   Sounds unbelievable right?!  That's what the Hubby got. My daughter and I both got the prime rib king cut that came with green beans and 2 sides of our choice. The food came out quick too. It was all for $14.99 for all that food too. We thought we should have shared but after going nearly 12 hours of driving we both ended up eating everything in our own plates. We would so come back here again. Everything from the food to the service was great.笑
Well first off let me say that leaving this review hurts because this WAS the greatest eatery in all of Las Vegas. It HAD the best food for fantastic prices.We have been coming here for 14 years. Today my wife and I went to get the steak and shrimp and usually it is fantastic but the steak seemed like it was reheated, it was dry and tuff and the shrimp was small, much smaller than the beautiful shrimp that they used to have. We used to get 4 large shrimp now they served 5 small tuff shrimp that really sucked. My wifes baked potato was really dry and seemed as if reheated and leftover from yesterday, my mashed potatoes seemed to be from a box with awful gravy and was gelatinous. My wife ordered a side of garlic green beans that used to be so so good but these were pitiful and I sent them back(which is something I rarely do) The whole restaurant was really slow and there used to always be a 15 minute wait for a table but thats not the case now, seems many locals already know that this is no longer the spot to go, I just want to know where the next great restaurant is because I am not going back, seems the mighty have fallen, heck it happened to Rome, Napoleon and others so why not Ellis island? Even the wheat beer was not great? My wife agreed. Overall the meal was not even worth paying for. I usually eat 3 or 4 meals here per trip I take to Vegas and once is more than enough and my ritual of first stop in and last meal out when i go home is now gone. We have found many great small restaurant in old town and we will spend more time trying and writing reviews of the new treasures that we find!!! Thanks for reading and tread lightly at Ellis at your own risk!!!笑
How do you discern between being satisfied when you're starved after a night of imbibing adult beverages and an objective assessment of the quality of the food? Does it really just come down to utilities and our perceived value? Is it all just subjective and we fool ourselves into thinking that we are all perfect food critics?

Either way, Ellis Island was exactly what the doctor ordered at 5am. Starved and in need of nourishment in the desert oasis known as "Vegas," almost nothing in the world sounded better than some steak and eggs. My only reasonable comparison is Wild Bills, and this was much better for about the same price. The steak was twice as thick and the potatoes were unlike anything I've had - I'd liken them to little french fry ball nuggets. I'm not sure if that's a thing or not, but that's the only way I can think to describe it. The eggs and bread you ask? Well it's kind of hard to screw that up, and they were par for the course.

Seven orders for less than $50? I can't complain. I didn't get sick, I was completely satisfied, and it was stupid cheap. Plus the food was better than Wild Bills. I'd go back, but if it weren't convenient, I wouldn't go out of my way for it. The walk back to our hotel on the strip at 6am (at 28 degrees..) wasn't worth it. But we weren't exactly thinking ahead at that time.

Cliffs notes: Best steak and eggs for ~$6, not exactly convenient though.笑
If the service sucks then the quality of food and the price doesn't matter. That said the beer here is incredible and the food, IF it comes out right is pretty good. My service was horrid unfortunately. I tried this location for both breakfast and dinner while in town hoping it was a one off situation  If I return ill just go to the bar for the beer which I wish I could get in my home state.笑
Service isn't great, but the food is pretty good. Open 24/7, and you have to walk through a small, smoke filled casino to get to the cafe. Ask your waiter for the steak special, as it is not on the menu. Steak,eggs,potatoes, and toast for $6.99. Great deal.笑
Reasonable priced food that is good!  Also has cheap beers.  Get a membership card to get discounts, it is so worth it!笑
This was suppose to be an update review, but I guess I wrote a review for the casino page instead. Anyway! Here goes...

For me, it's not really a complete Vegas trip anymore if I don't make that stop here at Ellis Island Cafe for some of their yummy food. It's kind of a tradition now. I haven't been eating meat lately, so I tried their penne pasta, and grilled cheese this time. The pasta was pretty good, better than expected. Creamy, cheesy and delicious! Their grilled cheese wasn't a joke either, it was extremely toasty, and flakey. Mmmmmmmm. I did wish the cheese was more melt in your mouth, but overall it still didn't disappoint!! I was spending forever and a day looking for it on the menu, but couldn't find it. No worries though, the servers will be able to punch it in on the register! Also, I don't know if they still do their $5 steak and eggs combo, I think it's 8.99 now! But that's still a steal!!

Overall, you still can't beat a budget meal here! Great for after the clubs too!! Definitely a step up from the chain diners (IHOP, Denny's, etc) The service may be a little slower... but well worth it!

TIP: They don't do take out so if you plan to order, you'll have to be seated, order then ask for boxes... They aren't stingy with their sauces though! Pretty awesome, they let us take whatever we needed for our food!笑
really enjoy coming to Ellis Island because  of the affordable steak &eggs special and it's tasty to boot! Now mind you the steak here hasn't been aged for 6 year's in some type of sophisticated refrigerator nor are the cows given special diets or whatever.

Today, I came in to grab a late breakfast and paid a higher price 10.99 which didn't bother me, but I found that my server wasn't really on top of her game due to it being somewhat crowded but I tried to overlook it.

What bothered me is when I was given my check and I was informed that I would be paying her which is what I expected. I was sitting on my phone waiting for her to come back for at least ten minutes and I was going to leave her a 3 dollar tip in spite of the lackluster service ( tip would have been better, but I decided to leave a dollar instead as I decided to get up and pay the front instead. I ALMOST never tip so poorly and I am often chastised by my friends for being too generous, but frankly I was at the end of my rope.笑
Best prices in Vegas. Food is good, not great, but very good. Warning, the plates are huge and the portions are crazy large, so take a large appetite or order and share your meal. I ordered the fried chicken meal and they brought me an enormous plate with 4 large pieces of battered chicken (1 wing, 1 thigh, 1 leg, and 1 large breast, that is a whole half of a chicken), a mound of steak fries and a cup of really good cole slaw.  Did I mention this plate was only 6.99. All the food I saw brought to other tables were huge portions. 
And to top off everything, we were able to win enough money back on the slots to pay for all our meals and walk away with cash in our pockets. 
YOU HAVE TO TRY THIS PLACE笑
This is the best deal in Vegas for 9.99 you get a 12oz Top sirloin with potato green beans with soup or salad - need to be a players club member- a very tender perfectly prepared piece of meat - come here every time I am in town笑
I've had about 10-12 steak specials here so I feel obliged to leave a review. You simply can not find a better deal in las vegas for steak and eggs, period. There are plenty of places off the strip that offer a similar promotion. However, what you will end up with is a microwave thawed out slab of meat that will not taste very good at all. The steak at ellis island cafe is grilled/charred and has excellent flavor. I always sub the home fries for mashed potatoes.  My only quirk is I can't get mashed potatoes in the morning. The French Toast is also very good here. Screw it, I'm hungry now. I'm going now!笑
The Berkshire 50/50 fucking burger! Yes I say it like that... I'm a burger connoisseur and this one made me happy. ;)))  Made with half ground beef, half ground bacon it's already perfect on paper booked and sold! I was drunk too so my quality standards may have lessened but I scarfed it down like with no pause, so that's meant it was good... I think?笑
Another secret Boris spot here. Always busy and always good. Great specials. I am not sure why they split this up, with the whole BBQ joint being separate. I used to come in for the ribs and chicken special and now it's a bit confusing. Otherwise I would say 5 stars. Very good prices and good service. Get the chicken fried steak and keep an eye on the specials. I'd say go to the bbq place in the casino for the chicken and ribs special if it's as good as it used to be but haven't tried that place. Rootbeer brewed in house and good beers on tap. I would say tell your friends, but this place is busy enough.笑
I was not overly impressed with this place to be honest. We were asking around for some good places to eat from some fellow vacationers and someone told us about Ellis Island. We decided that we would give it a try, due to how highly this tourist talked of it. 
This place had a couple of good things about it but overall I don't think I will be going back. 

First of all it's really loud because it's in the middle of a casino and karaoke goes on right next door, so if you're looking for an intimate place to take someone, this is not your place. I know it's Vegas and there are casinos everywhere but I feel like this place would have more success if it was a secluded restaurant. 

We ordered calamari for an appetizer and then I decided I would go with the spaghetti with sausage. It had a fancier name on the menu but that's what it was. I WAS NOT impressed at all with the spaghetti at all. The noodles weren't cooked very well and the sauce tasted like it was justo poured out of a can. The only thing that got me through it was the sausage and even that wasn't very good. I would honestly give the food a 2 star. 2 because I saw some other meals that were there and they looked decent. The hand brewed Rootbeer is amazing if you stop by here though. 

What made me give that extra star for this place was our waiter. This guy was pretty awesome. He was personal, he did a great job and incredibly helpful when we were all ordering. I really appreciate that in a higher end restaurant. 

Overall you won't find me back here because there are so many places that are better right around town. This place has potential to be better, they are just and missing a few elements to really progress as a business.笑
Hahah I shouldve done more research before picking this as our last meal in Vegas. Its situated in the back corner of a rundown casino off the strip. 

I wanted chicken fried steak with gravy and found this place on yelp. It was good- just not the best.
Definitely affordable if you just spent all your savings gambling away the weekend or buying drinks at the club.笑
Good place to eat.  Decent food at reasonable prices.  Fed family of five for less than $50.  Service is decent.  Steak & eggs  were $6.99. Not a bad price for decent steak that came with two eggs, diced potatoes and bread.  Wait time was less than ten minutes.笑
We came here because of the good reviews...and everything we read is absolutely true!

First, great food and good selection of it.  If you sign up for the club card, you get coupons for an incredible deal:  Big, thick steak, mashed potatoes and green beans, and a 20 ounce beer - all for $8.99.  One club card covers your party so bring a friend!

Even better, this is not a one-special, take-it-or-leave-it place like many on the strip.  Many other meals are reasonably priced - more than we could sample, actually.   Other people in my group had the chicken fried steak and the chicken fried chicken, and both were reasonably priced.  We went back the next day and I had the steak special but split that with a friend who ordered the club sandwich, which was packed full of ham and turkey and just enough bacon.  It's a microbrewery too and all 20-oz beers are $2.25.  I had the dark lager the first time and the hefe weis the second, both good.

I gambled video poker "Jacks or Better" and had a nice long string followed by a modest hit.  While I won a modest amount, more notably the machines are set so you don't lose your money fast.  You can have fun playing and having drinks. 

We will absolutely be back here on our future trips to Vegas.笑
I have eaten here with my family at least 5 or 6 times. The food is delicious and the prices are pretty good. The Caesar Salad dressing is really good! The Cafe is clean and the service is always friendly. 
The casino that the cafe is located in is a little janky but don't let that keep you from coming here. I highly recommend giving it a try.笑
My boyfriend and I were exhausted on our last day in Vegas and I was getting HANGRY. Everywhere that sounded good was too far and my poor feet were too tired. As we sat at Paris trying to decide where to eat, my boyfriend found this place on Yelp and said that prime rib sounded good. I had actually bookmarked this place previously for their steak and eggs - so off we went! 

This place is off the strip, but literally just the street behind Paris/Bally. Not too far at all. As we were walking other pedestrians were headed that way as well. The area definitely looked a little sketchy, so I probably wouldn't walk there too late at night. It was around 5pm so still plenty of sun. 

The place is pretty small for a "casino" - the parking lot is in the front - but we were there just to eat anyway. The restaurant is straight back and to the left when you enter. 

The restaurant was busy! I took this as a good sign. Seems like a lot of locals, but also people who discovered this place from Yelp. We decided to share the prime rib special which came with a salad, prime rib, mashed potatoes, green beans, and a pint of beer. We don't drink so we asked our waiter if we could substitute it for something else - she said root beer - which we don't like either. She said "that's the special - take it or leave it" so we just opted out. Would've been nice if we could just have Sprite or Coke, but oh well. Still a fair deal. The menu said to "ask your server about the double cut" so we ended up getting that. And BOY did we f--- up hahahah. 

So as we're waiting for our food, the table next to us gets theirs. The gentleman gets a HUGE slice of prime rib, and we're thinking - "that must be the double cut." Then the waiter comes over and says, "see, that's the regular size." OHH. if we had known the regular was THAT big, we wouldn't of got the double cut. Hahah oh well - when in Vegas...

The salad was a standard green salad and we got ranch. Lettuce was clean and cold, croutons were crunchy - what else can you ask for. 

When the prime rib came it WAS huge and every one stared at us lmao. After we took the necessary yelp/Instagram pictures, we dove in! The meat was juicy and flavorful - I expect if we got the regular size it would've been more tender, but it was still good! Mashed potatoes and gravy were tasty and green beans were good. They were fresh green beans too, not the weird grey canned kind. 

Overall, very funny experience and tasty. I would return because everything is priced very reasonably and it's only a short distance from the strip! If you're looking for a local spot, try this!笑
Honestly, I've had better. Way better. Ellis Island is off the strip and can be difficult to get a taxi back from, the seating is your typical sticky wooden tables, and the steak is usually overcooked and by no means great quality.

But for some reason, every Vegas trip of mine has to include a drunken trip here at 4 am for $5.99 steak and eggs. Sometimes 2 in 1 night for those friends of mine that are so drunk they forgot they went the first time around. And for the price, your drunk self will be happy eating the home style fries and soaking up the runny egg yolk with some buttered toast. I sure am every time.笑
We decided to give this place a try. Wings are great. My friend got the scampi with rice and i got the steak and shrimp.  Shrimp was great. Steak was not good. The scampi had to be messed with in order to make it eat able. Good price but definitely wont be stopping at the cafe since the food gave us both the runs. Our Waitress was great though.笑
This place is the spot when your in vegas!!!!

FOOD IS FANTASTIC!!! 
I eat here every morning when I come to vegas!
The price is unbelievable! SO CHEAP but the FOOD IS SO GOOD!
Quick Service!!!笑
It took us 20 minutes after being seated to be acknowledged by our waiter. Service took too long. My husband and we're so close to just getting up and leaving the resteraunt. Appetizers were burnt mozzarella ash sticks. I ordered a salmon dish and the fish was as hard as cardboard, the chef overcooked it. The rice pilaf was dry and burnt on the bottom. Thank god the manager took the salmon off our check. But... would I come back to this resteraunt....probably not. Hope they manage better next time around.笑
Food is service is hit and miss if they're busy and it's loud, your order will come out all wrong. Chicken fried chicken is the best dish here笑
The best steak and egg breakfast,  and cheap $6. Service was very good.  A must before hitting the strip.  Get a players card.笑
We went for breakfast. $6.99 steak and eggs, can you beat that??? Pretty solid steak for the price too! 
I ordered the corn beef hash skillet. It was a little under cooked for me, but I would imagine it would be fine for most people. I enjoy a good well done steak. I've also heard that the ribs are pretty good, but I've yet to try them. 

At the end of breakfast, 4 of us are for a total of $39.99! We will certainly go again.笑
The ONLY reason you need to come here :

THE Steak Special ($8.99) : Includes choice of house beer or root beer and side! 

This is THE best steak in town anywhere near its price point!  It's a thick 2in cut LEAN beast that you can eat end to end...no fat on it.

All the beers including the amazing root beer is made in house, and are stupid CHEAP...$2 for a tall.  This makes the Steak ONLY $7, and I'd eat this everyday before spending a Jackson at a Denny's or similar.  It's good enough to eat without steak sauce, and it was cooked perfectly last time I was here.

They make you use a PLAYER'S CARD to get the special now though, so make sure you print out your coupon for it while you're there!  Of course, it's free to sign up...my friend did it while we were waiting for our order to arrive to the table.

It's in the DIVE known as Ellis Island though, so make your way past all the smoke and poor karaoke vibrating through the walls, and eat your cheap a$$ steak and enjoy it!

Check it out!笑
Cannot go wrong with the steak special here. Better than any other non steakhouse steak in Las Vegas and cheap. Now they require $5 coin in to get the deal but still worth it!笑
Great inexpensive place to eat. Burgers were large and juicy. Off the strip so very quiet. Had grilled chicken salad and it was huge and fresh笑
Hands down BEST steak and eggs in town. It's $5.99 after midnight and I believe $7.99 all day. Why wait in line at other casinos for a dollar cheaper and mediocre service? Of all the times I've been here there was very little to no wait time and the food always comes out promptly. Service is always great as well. I have yet to come across a waiter, waitress or server with bad customer service (and I hope it stays that way!!!). Plus you get free entertainment of the drunkies singing karaoke. My go to place for steggs!!!笑
short wait to get a table
service is good

ordered the jumbo prawn with cocktail sauce ------yeah! it's jumbo alright

I normally don't order hamburger but I saw the other table ordered the hamburger and the bun look so shiny and tasty.

so I ordered their specialty burger and yeah it taste great!笑
It's good. Got the steak dinner (for lunch) for $9.99 after signing up for their club. Came with a free beer or root beer made on site. Great deal! Steak was okay. Sides were amazing!笑
Recommended for all out of towners on a budget. The food is amazing at a reasonable cost. Service is fantastic, servers are friendly. But there is quite a wait though so make sure you plan ahead. Well worth the wait笑
This by no means is a hidden gem.

Their signature steak dinner isn't really a "steak special". The proclaimed non menu item "steak special" is always advertised, albeit not in the menu. Ellis Island jacked up the price for this dinner by over 100% over the last 5 years. Has inflation jumped that  high? Of course not. 

The service is always mediocre  here. First timers will be shocked how bad it can get. Regulars know this is the norm. However, an often surprise for both is reading how EI has got into doodoo with the Nevada Health Department many times. 

We always have this steak dinner when in Vegas.We don't like Prime Rib. The steak dinner is cheaper and better than McDonalds, that's why we come here and endure the long waits, but that's really the only reason.  The attached motel is frightening to even look at, their guests who stay at the Super 8 are even more frightening. As seen at the Super 8 parking lot, many Canadians from Alberta Canada stay at the Super 8 here. Those Albertans love to drive long distances, don't they?

EI used to have bogo deals for their regular menu items. I tried once their chicken chicken parmigiana and it was simply ordinary so we stopped ordering anything but the steak dinner. The steak is supposed to be 10 oz, I find that hard to believe. I never brought a scale to measure but the steak is quite tiny; however, overall satisfying. It leaves you with enough room in your stomach to go elsewhere and buy some desert or a hot dog an hour later. 

Incidentally, to get the steak dinner now at the advertised price, you have to spend at least $1 per person in the casino or slots to get a voucher for the steak dinner. When ordering a beverage, avoid the root beer. While it's home made, it has no fizz to it at all. Have a beer instead. Their ice tea is simply awful.

If you're not into steak, then by all means suck up an hour or so wait for the bbq ribs grilled on a charcoal grill outside after 5 PM. It's quite large, comes with beans and other good stuff.  EI Cafe closes every second Monday. They never take reservations and customer service is not in their in-house service standard list.笑
Food was good for the price. 
Parking was not easy as I would have hoped.
Service was ok.
If in the area and wanna eat off the strip it is a good choice.笑
I've been coming here for years and the service, quality and portions have really gone down hill. A steak special isn't really " special" if the quality isn't there. My prime rib was probably 60% fat and I would say half the size it used to be. Our salads came out after our dinners arrived and when my dad ordered water I had to remind him a beer came with his sirloin steak special. The waiter wasn't going to say anything. I also saw all the other tables got a bread basket and we didn't. With so much competition in Vegas we won't be coming back. Sorry Ellis island. You used to be my favorite! :(笑
$100 for 5 people. With excellently cooked steak each and 4 and appitizers. The craft beers being 2$ each is a huge plus as well. Hector our waiter was up beat and flawless during our stay. Like most Vegas establishments smoking is permitted but not noticeable.just not in the cafe. In there smoking is not permitted. Who doesn't mind walking 10 feet to the casino floor though.

Great establishment and staff.笑
The atmosphere was great. I came while i was on vacation. The food was wonderful. Will return when i visit again.笑
Had a fantastic omelet with ham, mushroom and cheese.  You cannot beat the value that this place has to offer.  Probably one of the best values in town.  Only down side was the server was not very attentive--constantly had to ask for more water and/or coffee.  Given the price it was not an issue.笑
Visited on a Saturday, was pretty packed. The wait was only 20 minutes which was fine. I ordered the fettuccini Alfredo with chicken for  $11.99, my boyfriend ordered the 50/50 burger for  $8.99... The service was great. Our waiter kept the drinks flowing. My boyfriend loved his food. I not as much. The pasta sauce was bland. Pieces of the chicken breast was dried out..The salad that came with it was great.笑
Im so grateful my wife found this hidden gem from some Youtube blog. We ate at Lawry's Prime Rib Steakhouse our last visit, but dropped so much mula it almost didnt taste like it was worth it....

Then we came here yesterday, $15 for the King Cut Prime Rib, I wished I had known of this place sooner.笑
Family tradition for over four decades. Super inexpensive and they feed you like family. Our go-to every time we visit Vegas.笑
This place is known for their late night steak and eggs and that's exactly what we came here for. Once I arrived in Vegas, our first stop was Ellis Island. The casino is janky like something out of a 70's movie. At 1am, there was a 20 minute wait or so until we got seated. As we were starving, we ordered right away. The waiter was very nice despite it being so late and dealing with hungry and drunk customers. So we all ordered the steak and eggs ($6.99) --medium rare, sunny side up and sourdough bread. The steak was a bit overdone on the outside and the tendons were chewy, but still tasty with the A1 sauce. The egg was perfectly runny when I put it on top of the bread. They also provided strawberry and grape jelly. I left happy and satisfied. This place is definitely worth your money and lived up to its expectations.笑
I'm writing this review as my party of four just watched the third table near us get their food before us, when we were seated before all of them. Very slow service all around, it was literally about 24-25 minutes for us to speak with our server for the first time to get water. After a 30-minute wait to get seated in the first place on a Monday early afternoon.

The only reason this review is getting two stars instead of one is because the food is cheap, and it did taste fairly good for the price. It took over 30 minutes for us to get our food after ordering, however. Plus, I asked for water no ice but it had ice in it, and I asked for sourdough bread on my burger, but got brioche.

Four stars for the food itself, one for service and frankly overall experience outside the food itself, which by the way is four stars for the price, not four on a universal food scale.笑
Wow, a lot different from our last visits. The service was spotty and the food just wasn't up to par. The bathrooms there are abominable. But in their favor the Bloody Mary bar while you wait for breakfast was fantastic.笑
If you can arrange for transportation off the strip, Ellis Island Cafe and the Casino are well worth your visit! They have deals for people who initiate a player's card so that you can get something like $5-10 off a full rack of ribs meal. The ribs were fantastic too! I also love how I could have spent all day at the nickle video poker machines with my $5... nice and easy gambling is much more my style.  So why pay $30 for the breakfast buffet when you can come over a couple blocks and enjoy a nice and large lunch for way less? Best value for your buck in Vegas.笑
I am a Dallas native who retired and moved here to VEGAS 25 years ago at age 47. I have yet to find "REAL" BAR-B-Q, "TEX-MEX" or BURGERS here. I CAN recommend LOLA'S for genuine CAJUN food though! Anyhow, in my search for REAL bar-b-q, the reviews led me to try out ELLIS ISLAND a few days ago, even after reading that their "bar-b-q" ribs were "steamed" for 4 hours then flopped around on a grill for a few minutes (this is NOT "BAR-B-Q." by the way.).

 My wife and I arrived there just before 4pm Monday to beat the crowd. We signed up for the players cards to get the meal discounts and then were "greeted" by the hostess at the "bar-b-q" restaurant door who promptly told us there would be a "wait" even though there were only about 10 diners already seated in a dimly lit room that holds maybe 30. Almost immediately after telling us there "will be a waiting time", the hostess asked my 26 year old wife for her I.D. This less than attractive and unfriendly "hostess" seemed disappointed that my wife was in fact of "legal" age. I did tell my wife that this "hostess was in the wrong business."  We were waited on by a nice Philippino waiter named "PHILLIP". The advertised price for the full rack rib dinner was $12 and we ordered two of them. I placed my meal discount tickets on the table and they were collected by the waiter as we ordered our meals. We got the bill and it totaled $28.00. $33 including my tip. I wondered what kind of calculator they used to add up our bill because $12 + $12 = $24 on MY calculator! Yeah, the 8.1% tax drives the bill up to $26 but where did the other $2 come from? The meal was mediocre at best which makes me wonder what planet all these rave reviewers came from. Rather than quibble we just paid the tab and left, NEVER TO RETURN!

Those of you who want to experience "REAL" BAR-B-Q RIBS and are visiting the DALLAS area then drop by "SLOW BONE" on S. Irving Blvd. but be sure and get there before NOON coz the ribs are SOLD OUT by then!  The hours at SLOW BONE are 11am till 3pm! They BAR-B-Q their meats "low and slow" as authentic bar-b-q is done.笑
Two words: steak special.  

Tucked away in the smokey corner of Ellis Island is the cafe which serves up one of the best steak deals in Vegas. Its sort of a poorly kept secret but for 8.99 you get a great cut of steak with all of the fixings, a house salad, and a microbrew or house root beer.  Most places featuring steak specials serve up a thin fatty NY strip but not Ellis. The steak is lean thick cut, pretty surprising for the price. The cafe also features daily specials, steak n eggs and a few other standard offerings. 

One of the best things about Ellis Island is that they feature their own microbrewery. They have about 5 different beers brewed on location for around $2 bucks. You get a 22oz draft with your meal or you can trade it in for a fresh root beer. The 'hefe-weiss' I had was refreshing and tasty, no IPA though =(. 

In order to get the special at the cafe you have to sign up for the players card which isn't a big deal. During my last trip, there was a ridiculously long wait, 1+ hour despite half the tables being empty... go figure, so just call ahead to make sure you can get a seat.笑
Truly deserved 5 stars. Open 24 hours! 
Ordered the  $6 steak and eggs and was completely blown away by how good it was. It also came with house potatoes and bread.

I was expecting a cheap average steak, but the steak was huge and it was delicious! This is definitely a must go after a long night in Vegas!笑
Thank you, Carlos! You were very accommodating for our party of 10. My family and I appreciated your service. 

Solid American comfort food at an affordable price, which is a rare find in Las Vegas. A short walk off the strip is worth the dinner.笑
Not the greatest service but food was decent quality. For a $7.99 breakfast special with steak and eggs, I cannot complain. It was just a hassle to get any drink refills or the check when needed.笑
Great Value, Good Food, Okay Craft Beer

This place was surprisingly Very Good!
Let me just say it depends on what you are looking for.  If you want an elegant steakhouse dinner in Vegas this isn't it.  

But if you are looking for a good meal with Great Value and some old Las Vegas style you may like eating here. 

The reviews looked good and we were excited to try "Nevada's best craft beers."  We came looking for value and we were expecting a decent meal. But at just $15 it was both a great value and a meal.  Yes our prime rib came with green beans and your choice of potatoes, but It was delicious.  The beer selection was limited and the beers were just ok.  The barbecue restaurant also had good pricing and beef and pork ribs,  and BBQ chicken on the menu.  The cafe is larger and has a large menu of item including the recommended blackened salmon, the house special NY steak and the double portion prime rib if you have a huge appetite. 

We ordered both calamari and onion ring appetizers.  Both were good and our appetizers arrived almost as quickly as we ordered them. Our waitress was amazing and if your lucky you'll have Mona serve you too.  So funny and friendly and didn't miss a beat.  

This place is what you'd imagine an old Las Vegas diner would be like with a small casino attached and easily within walking distance Bally's and  Ceasars casinos.笑
Came here late last night and got the steak and eggs special. Bold statement, but one of the best steak and eggs I've had in a while. Steak was cooked perfectly and the potatoes were delicious. Service was good as well, will be back my next stop in Vegas.笑
This place was a solid choice. Even though the place itself doesn't look that great considering all the flashy new places in vegas, the service was speedy and the food is well priced. I got a prime rib with  a salad, mashed potatoes and a roll WITH a free beer for $13.99. (Need I add they brew their own beer here). My mom got the shrimp scampi and the shrimp was large and well cooked. It's a great place in town if you're looking to get that classic/old Vegas dining experience笑
I had breakfast here and was impressed with the ham and eggs. Thinking I could only get a small portion of ham, I received a slice of ham larger than the bottom of the to-go container, eggs, potato bites, and a separate container with 4 buttered slices of toast. I hear they have a $8 dollar steak deal with a promotional coupon. I definitely will return.笑
So this cafe has the potential to be 5 stars but at 0200 the service has much to be desired. 

The waiter came up after us waiting for 15ish minutes and just said are you ready. Then proceeded to look at us crazy when we did not have our side items fully memorized during the order.  He never asked us if we wanted their delicious root beer (which I saw advertised on the wall 10 minutes after my order). 

Our food was delivered and it was very good and worthy of 5 stars. But because we finished without a pass by from the waiter to refill our water we ended up just leaving what we thought the bill should total in cash on the table with a little buffer.

I guess the two am crowd is not this places cash cow.笑
I remember coming here solely for their $7.99 Steak Special (Steak, Green Beans, Mashed Potato/Rice/Fries, Soup/Salad, Beer/Rootbeer) on their SECRET menu. The special was by word of mouth, so it was a special treat. But now that they advertise it & require you to be a card member, I think they sacrificed quality over quantity.

Steak used to be so moist, tender and juicy but now that they probably rack out so much steak every day, lately I've been having super dry steak. You used to be able to order Caesar Salad with the special, but now you have to order it separately for almost $9, which is more expensive than the special and lastly, the price went up as well. 

Honestly, I wanna love this place again. Hopefully they do improve their quality of food soon so it can remain the best deal for steak in town.笑
After enjoying a glass of wine in the karaoke lounge, my wife and I decided to have dinner in the adjoining cafe.   My wife ordered the Reuben sandwich while I enjoyed a bountiful order of fish (cod) and chips.  Service was very good.笑
Where can you find steak and eggs for $6.99 at 3am in Vegas? Two words: ELLIS ISLAND. 

My Vegas trip truly isn't complete without stopping here for a meal after dancing all night. It's kind of like Walmart here. You can find all sorts of people from the sober to the ones you know won't remember anything the next day. I'm guilty to say my group usually consists of both kinds. 

You can't expect too much from the chef at 3am, but most of the time the steak is cooked to my liking. 

During the summer, we stopped by here after the pool party and they wouldn't serve our girlfriends who only had bikini tops on. Luckily there was a store nearby that was selling t-shirts so they bought some. 

Be warned: it's extremely hard to catch a taxi in this area at this time, so use Uber if you can.笑
Great hidden gem! Absolutely get the players card for the steak deal. For under $10 I got a perfect ceasar salad, roll, mash potatoes, green beans, a beer made in their local brewery (on site!) and a steak that could have easily been served at Ruth's Chris. My steak was cooked to perfection and more than I could finish. Our server (Valentina? I believe?) was helpful and informative, and totally spot on with her recommendations. Wonderful job!

Service, food, price, and great customer care make this place a must every time we visit Vegas.笑
I remember eating here a few years ago the last time I was in Vegas and couldn't wait to return. I brought my mom for their famous and affordable steak and eggs meal. We arrived in the early afternoon for brunch and I was thrilled to see that they served breakfast all day. The place was crowded and people seemed to be ordering breakfast and lunch items. 

We both ordered the steak and eggs platter and my mom wasn't pleased with her meal. She stated her eggs tasted like powder eggs and she couldn't eat them. She enjoyed her steak and mostly ate that with her potatoes. Initially she wasn't pleased with how red the steak was when we both requested well done. However, the steak was tender and nicely seasoned. I enjoyed my eggs, steak and potatoes. Our waiter was real sweet, however she seemed overwhelmed with the amount of tables she was serving and it took a little long to follow-up to refill my mom's coffee and my iced tea.  

I remembered their popular rib dinners and informed my mom we would come back for it. Unfortunately we never made it to see if the ribs were how I remembered them big, juicy and delicious. I remember the rib dinner specials came with two small slices of bread, a small side order of Cole slaw, baked beans and two small corn on the cob a few years ago. We saw the sign that they served them starting at 4PM.

Whenever I am in Vegas I will be sure to check out breakfast and to return for those ribs.笑
In days gone by Vegas was known as the best place to get a great steak for less than $10. Ellis Island Cafe may be the last place in Sin City where this is still true.

Of course - don't expect a five Michelin Star dining experience. We're talking about a low end Casino restaurant. However adjusting our expectations to this venue, here's the scoop.

1. Before you go, sign up - via internet - for the Ellis Island players club card. (It's free) This gets you $4 off the already low price, $10 free chips to play, and a free beer with your meal.

2. DONT stand in line to eat at the Cafe. Either; eat in the BBQ cafe (cheaper and good, no wait) or ask to eat in the bar. (Same food, no wait)

3. Place is dark, dimly lit. Smells like a college bar. (Deal with it)

That said:  The steak special is a good value for the price.

A good 8 oz. boneless filet, perfectly char broiled. A good baked potato with butter / sour cream. Pretty good green beans. (Not canned) A descent bowl of soup. (Clam chowder when I visited) plus a pint of house brewed beer.  All for less than $10.

Steak had good taste and very little fat. Not fork tender but I eat it all. Soup was ok. Potato & veggies were acceptable.

The best "cheap" steak in Vegas? Yes... yes it is.笑
Came here on a President's day  weekend to avoid the crowd in the usual big name restaurants.  Found this place from the high praises from Yelp and i am not disappointed.  This restaurant is inside the older casino by Super 8. I almost missed this driving by on Koval Lane.  The wait is surprisingly short given the holiday weekend.  

The steak special is good and inexpensive ($10).  Please order it medium rare as i find it to be a bit on the tough side with medium.  With the price/quality ratio, i am not complaining.   I used to love hitting the Vegas buffets, but all of the them have raised prices too high recently.  Let's not compare this to Ruth Chris. But it is definitely good on the value side of things.  It reminds me of the $3.99 prime rib in the old Vegas days in the late 90s.  

I haven't tried the prime ribs yet but i will when i come back next time.笑
Great food for a great price. The chicken fried chicken breakfast ($7.99) was probably one of the most delicious breakfasts I've ever had--juicy, amazing gravy, and perfectly cooked eggs. Went back for a very late 11pm dinner the next day and was so sad to find out that they had JUST ran out of the prime rib!! Instead, I got the NY steak and fried shrimp ($12.99) which also comes with a side and soup or salad. The steak was wonderfully seasoned, but the side of mashed potatoes wasn't too great and tasted a bit like instant ones. A lot of the reviews mention significant wait time but I experienced very fast service (wed morning, thurs night). Can't wait to come back to Vegas and (hopefully) make it in early enough to try the prime rib!!!笑
Great place for Breakfast!  Great price, traditional Las Vegas spot, quiet and off the strip. Excellent food with large portion. Service was also excellent!笑
One of the better places to get your cheap steak n eggs fix while in Vegas. It's located a little bit off the strip at Ellis Island Casino.  They offer it regularly for I think $10.99 during the weekdays but during the weekends from 11pm-11am it's priced at $6.99.  (Recently raised their prices).

You get an 8 oz steak, eggs, breakfast potatoes and toast. Sometimes it's busy, sometimes it's not.  Really a hit or a miss but even if there is a wait, it's never too long.  Honestly, it's decent food for a decent price.笑
Prime rib was hella good for hella days for hella cheap. Waitress called my friend a "lil boy", which was hilarious.笑
Let me begin by saying the hostess ignored us 4 times, the waiter was soft spoken and we could not hear him. We waited for an hour for our food and our food came out cold as hell. My steak was raw and I asked for medium, my green beans was cold. If I could give this place negative stars I would. I would NOT recommend this place to anyone, ever!!笑
Bomb, super great prices on food/ freshly brewed stout and hit or miss good service. It's a local spot and not for finicky eaters . Come hungry and with patience.笑
This is a great low key place with low table limits, home brewed beers (6 different kinds) and great value food (cheap very and almost everything on the menu is pretty darn good)! I like to come here with close friends!笑
This has always been my favorite. The prime rib is crazy good!! And their Caesar salad is the best I've ever had. They did raise the price a little and for some reason some of the servers have a hard time adding the caesar to the meal, but I don't mind. It's definitely worth the price. Also the servers are pretty great, friendly and fun. Food and servers are 5 star to me 
    However, the blonde hostess late night is terrible. She is extremely rude, she looks like a hot mess, and she has messed up my phone number for my reservation every time I have gone there. I can't stand her. I dk how she has a job in the service industry.笑
Came in for a late dinner... we had to wait a good 20 minutes still don't know why because the majority of the tables were empty. Ordered the calamari Appetizer and it was way over cooked super crunchy with little to no flavor . The food when it arrived looked unappetizing and ended up making me sick!笑
Klar ist das Ellis Island schon etwas älter, aber irgendwie wollte ich das "ehrlichere" Vegas auch mal sehen. Und das Essen war echt gut. Wir sind nach Sonnenuntergang mit dem Auto gekommen, kein Ding. Zu Fuß ist Vegas ab vom Strip eh oft ne Zumutung. Würde ich vermeiden. Leider konnte ich das Bier nicht probieren und zum Mitnehmen gibt's nur Growler. Hätte die Bedienung aber auch für mich abgezapft. Da würde ich auf jeden Fall wiederkommen.笑
The E I burger, 1/2 pound of beef, swiss cheese, bacon on a pretzel bun with a boatload of good Texas fries for $6.99 rocks!
Tuesday is Pot Roast day, comes with dinner salad, mashed potatoes and veggies.  The Roast last night was melt in your mouth delicious!  $6.99笑
I've been to Ellis Island a handful of times I can count. Recently I decided perhaps I would try their much raved about cheap and yummy breakfast served at their cafe with my sister in tow. She was staying at The Signature at MGM so Ellis Island was very close by.

When we arrived the cafe was busy. Not busy enough for us to not be seated quickly though. Our waitress came by and we were ready to order. There's not much to the breakfast menu, so you don't have a lot to mull over. I ordered the Denver omelet and my sister ordered the french toast with bacon. The prices are quite cheap, but not dirt cheap.

The wait wasn't long. Our food arrived rather quickly considering how many people there were in the place. My food was placed in front of me and I knew then why the food was that quick. I realize a Denver omelet isn't a gourmet meal, but mine looked meh. The green peppers were diced very small. The ham looked as though it had definitely come packaged and sliced into small bits. It tasted meh and it was a bit hard for my tastes. It certainly wasn't a nice, fluffy, soft omelet. The potatoes on the side were overcooked, but okay - nothing special. 

My sister didn't feel good by the time our food came out, so she didn't eat her french toast. I'm not sure if it was good or not. Since we had to retreat quickly since she wasn't feeling well I was able to flag down the server quickly and get our reciept. I think she sensed our urgency and was quick about it, so at least that was nice of her. 

The service, to me, was better than the food. Maybe I'll just stick to karaoke here and the beer and Metro Pizza every once and awhile.笑
Can't beat the price. I think I might have to order it rare to get the redness I want... will try the 50/50 next time...笑
Steak and eggs held a lot of promise, but in the end, the steak was very very chewy. The food took so long to came out and the servers were nice but they just looked so tired that it kinda broke my heart to ask them for anything. The only saving grace was that their potatoes were definitely delicious! We also had the Italian (?) omelette which was okay but it wasn't the fluffy omelette that we truly enjoy.笑
Food and waitress- wonderful. Hostess....... She had a bit of trouble calling out wrong tables and seating people that came in after us. She admitted she forgot about us. It was about a 45 minute wait笑
Don't believe the good reviews. This place makes a bad diner look good. 

First, after waiting over and hour, they tried to seat our party of five at a small table for four when there were bigger tables available.  Then they didn't want to move us to a bigger table. 

Our son just eats pasta with butter. At first the waiter said if it's not on the menu we can't order it. We had to convince him to just do pasta with marinara without sauce, yes, that's how we had to order it. Next, our appetizer came 10 minutes after the entrees, I'm just confused about that. My brother-in-law ordered the pork chops (waiter said they were good). It (one) was over done and came with canned vegetables, ew. I had the steak and shrimp which was adequate. The rest of the meals were just okay (cheap diner food).  However, about 5 hours after the meal and my stomach is still a little funky. 

I do have to say that the waiter was very nice and very friendly.  I think he has to be when feeding people this stuff. 

Ultimately, If you think cheap diner food is good then go here. Otherwise you can do much better almost anywhere else笑
They have ok food but the system for waiting for a table needs work! Waited 90 minutes and was told was next. Another couple seated when I again inquired. At that point I was told we are seating people around this area so if you ask, you'll get seated. I said so why have this system if you're not going to abide by it. She just gave me a look. Unacceptable.
Update...left after 10 minutes being seated...no one even looked our way. Zero stars tonight笑
I would give this place 0 stars if I could. Terrible restaurant. Only good thing about this place are the servers: Valentina and Ricardo who are professional and do a very good job.
Had dinner here with a friend this past May and ordered the Split Pea soup. Surprise!!! Bit into a big pork bone. I could have cracked a tooth or worst, choke on it! Called server immediately and showed her the bone. She was apologetic and understanding of my shock. After waiting for about 15 minutes, a very rude woman, who said she was the Manager, approached the table. She said that she had been to the kitchen and asked for the soup to be discarded. Not apologizing nor showing any concern or understanding for what had happened. She walked away. The saying is right: you get what you pay for and Ellis Island got this woman as the restaurant manager. And I got a check for soup that I could not eat!
I had actually gone back to this place to give it a second chance after a previous visit during which, after almost a 45 minutes wait after placing my order, I asked the server if my food was coming, to which she replied: EVENTUALLY!!! Needless to say, I got up and walked out.
It is sad that because of the volume, based on location- restaurants have complete disregard  and disrespect for the clients that keep them in business as most of the customers are mostly one-time visitors.笑
We originally came to Ellis Casino for the BBQ but were redirected to the Cafe because we had kids and there's no kids allowed in the BBQ side. So we decided to give it a shot since we were already there. Just don't order a chicken Caesar salad and you'll be fine. Prices are ok.笑
On two different occasions my family has driven 15 miles to eat a late dinner at the Cafe'....once arriving at 8:30 pm, the other time arriving at 9:15pm. The first time we were told the Café was closed for 1-1/2 hours 'due to shift change'. The second time we were told the Café was closed due to cleaning the kitchen, and would be closed for 2 hours. I told my husband that's the last time we attempt to eat there....on the website it clearly states the Café is open 24/7.... that has not been our experience!!! Perhaps someone should contact the owner of Ellis Island and let him know the Café closes when it feels like it!  Feel free to contact me.笑
Ellis cafe has a decent variety menu with fair prices. We've eaten there several times every time we come to Vegas. There's always a line but it goes quickly. Service is usually fairly quick. The food is good for a casino cafe. They are close to our condo & easy to get to without having to go on the strip, this makes it a favorite for us. You have to try their root beer, they make it & it's Great!笑
We looked in yelp for some somewhere to watch football and have something good to eat. This was a super recommendation!! We had the chicken fried chicken with garlic green beans and mashed potatoes. The food was really good and the atmosphere was nice. We will be back at our next visit.笑
The $9 Steak special is still the best deal in Las Vegas (for Slot Club Card Holders).

For the price of joining the slot club (and going through the process of going on a kiosk and getting a slip) you and anyone in your party can get a $9 steak special which includes: a cooked to order steak, choice of potato, green beans, salad, and craft brewed beer or root beer (the root beer is yummy).  This is the type of disappearing good deal on food that used to be a hallmark of Las Vegas and is disappearing.  In addition, Ellis Island also has pretty good breakfasts that range from a pretty good Steak & Eggs to good omlettes (my friend and I both had the omlettes this year).

Best value in Las Vegas.笑
Large portions, cheap prices, and it was tasty. 

Steak sandwich was nicely cooked and yummy. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their food as well.

Need I say more.笑
I've passed by this place but I've never been the adventurous type in Vegas to try these off the strip places. Friends took me to this place for a cheap lunch. The parking lot is combined with a motel but plenty of open spots. Inside you'll find a combination of casinos, a bbq restaurant, a bar, and ellis island cafe at the far corner.

First impression, don't have any expectations coming in and you'll enjoy this place. Decor is old and dingy but that's what you can expect. Servers are nice and the food came out in decent time.

They are known for steak and eggs which I got. My steak was medium and came out pretty much perfect, very tender inside and still a bit red. As for the bread, potatoes, and eggs, they are very typical you'd find at any diner, nothing special. My friend got the lunch special with the meat patty 50% bacon and 50% beef. He didn't like that at all. My other friend got chicken steak which was a really nice portion.

Overall good place for a cheap lunch, I would come back.笑
Early morning breakfast was well cooked and service was good.  And the price was outstanding.笑
When I am in Vegas, I have to make a pit stop at Ellis Island for their Happy Hour Craps table and Cafe.

Here is the trick: play a couple rolls at the table and come up so you can pay for your dinner.

The specials are ridiculous, I ordered the NY Steak and Shrimp for $11.99. My other favorite special is the Prime Rib Cut with two sides and a freakin' BEER!

Can you say Vegas Withdrawals?

HAHAHAHAHAAHAHA笑
This review is for one of Las Vegas's hidden gem meals: the diner-style breakfasts served by the restaurant within the Ellis Island Casino, just a 5-10 minute walk off of the heavily-trafficked Las Vegas strip.

I've been doing cheap-ass breakfasts at Ellis Island since my first trip to Las Vegas over a decade ago, and still find myself inexplicably drawn there each time I'm in town.

Seating is comfortable, with both table and booth options available. Best of all, a solo diner like myself can get lost among the patrons, though still noticed by the attentive eyes of the wait staff, who have long been one of this establishment's strengths. The waitresses have good chemistry and camaraderie, helping each other out to cover a busy floor filled with breakfast bargain-shoppers. 

My favorite item is their Country Fried Steak breakfast platter, featuring a deep-fried breaded pork chop smothered in a bechamel-based southern breakfast gravy, 2 eggs done to my preference, 2 slices of pre-buttered toast, and a hefty helping of home fried potatoes with onions and peppers. All of this comes to the table for $7.99 and is so filling that it takes care of both breakfast and lunch, and compels me to need a late dinner.

I also occasionally order one of their 3-egg omelets ($6.99), my preference being to have them filled with ham and covered with melted slices of both American cheese and Monterey Jack cheese. Omelets also come with the home fried potatoes and buttered toast.

Each table has a bottle of A1 Steak Sauce -- as if Ellis Island is daring you to try their 10oz New York Strip Steak with 2 Eggs, Potatoes, and Toast for $11.99. I've had this in the not-too-distant past when Ellis Island was more under the radar and you could get a surprisingly-decent steak and egg breakfast for $5 if you showed up early enough in the morning. Alas, those days are gone.

For better or worse, Ellis Island has grown up, and so have I. Although I won't have breakfast here every day for a week like in my younger days of visiting the city, I will still dine at Ellis Island a couple of times each visit -- it is the esteemed old friend who reminds me of how I vacationed in Vegas before spendy chef-driven outposts started popping up all over the strip.

Food/Décor/Service: 3.5/3.4/4.0笑
Excellent food! We had the steak breakfast and dinner; very large servings! You get a lot of bang for your buck here and the food is delicious! Steak is well seasoned which I enjoyed! Our waitress Cindy was a sweetheart! We will return笑
Not impressed by the seating staff, particularly the Manager. They might be to used to how Vegas customers are? Maybe they don't care because they get enough business they didn't need ours? Either way I felt really sorry for my sister and the situation we had come from here. We traveled from Riverside, Ca to celebrate the weekend with my niece for her 21st birthday. My sister kept assuring me she'd heard of this place Ellis Island that was to be fabulous. I went along with it even though, who the hecks even heard of this place? I took the family on a site seeing walk and joined them at the casino. I attemped to put our name in and was not accepted because of the amount of people in our party. What??? Who doesn't want business? Who doesn't want to work with an obviously anxious group? Who condones such behavior? Yes, we did travel in a group of 16 but when ever we've traveled before we've never been turned away. I will admit I didn't behave with the best of attitude either at this point because of the hostility and unwillingness to work with us. They were saying they only seat of to 8, and we could break into 2 groups but being seated up to 35 mins apart and not even on the same side. Really?
After we were finally seated in 4 parties of 4, my party on the whole other side out of view of the rest of us, I asked for the manager! Let me tell you don't waste your time. He litterally told me he wouldn't of seated us and was trying to convey we should just be happy were seated. I had to leave, I couldn't contribute money into an place that treats customers like this. I left our family there and felt horrible for ruining what was to be my nieces 21st luncheon with her family from California-Utah...I had to taxi it back to the hotel since I had been on foot and was getting a ride back originally. And when you have a husband, 9 year old and 2 year old and try to get a taxi it really was the icing on the cake.

So word to the wise, only go there if you have 4 or less because that seems all they like.笑
The place is old, out-dated, and looks like it hasn't changed or updated anything since the 1970's and from the outside, it looks like a total dump! But looks can be very deceiving! You may have to wait to be seated, but it's totally worth it. The staff is very friendly but often busy but even then, they treat you well! The big surprise is the food when it arrives! OMG!! It was REALLY, REALLY, REALLY good! And you can't beat the price either! I had a fresh salad, beautifully and perfectly cooked (melt in your mouth) steak, mash potatoes with yummy gravy, and fresh, crisp, and tasty green beans - all for $9! Add in a drink and it came to just under $12. That's cheaper than a combo meal at Burger King! I was very pleasantly surprised. Gotta remember this place next time I'm in Las Vegas! In fact, I need to feature this place on my show, The Informed Traveler Show!笑
Quick, moderately priced, American food in the midst of Vegas.  Great service, decent food.  Had breakfast for lunch and loved it.  HUGE piece of ham with my ham and eggs.笑
With the food competition as fierce as it is in vegas the locals aren't going to be happy with me about this hidden gem. Ellis Island Casino Café is easily a $45-$50 prime rib plate for 14.00 14oz prime rib, huge bake potato, veggies and a drink. Service excellent..........sorry locals笑
Great food for a good price with the best servers in the city. In for breakfast ask for Lucy or Nora.笑
This was pretty good for the money, had the steak it was a sirloin but the baked potato was overcooked. It shouldn't be as busy as they were. I think they make you wait 30-45 minutes so you can gamble.笑
It's an old casino, took a long time to get our food & the food was OK but nothing to be crazy for.笑
Great breakfast for an affordable price. I had breakfast at Guy Fieri's place and Ellis Island was much better. Not pretentious and we ended up being seated by the kitchen both times but the food made up for it. Good portions and so much bacon that I was in heaven.笑
The ambience is pretty good, but the food was just less then good. I ordered the scampi with rice pilaf on the side and the rice was dry undercooked with random chunks of mushrooms. I ended up putting the rice in the butter and putting a bunch of lemon and some salt and it came out way better then before. The hot wings were delicious though, amazing really. The steak was supposed to be medium rare and came out medium and not as juicy as i hoped but A1 helped out a bunch. The salad that came first had a slop of ranch on top so it was drenched with dressing. Not a fan of that. Thats for the great service though.笑
Heard about this place through my father-in-law...all I have to say is WOW!!!! The food was amazing as well as the customer service. I strongly recommend the chicken fried chicken and eggs with wheat toast!!! My wife had the chicken and waffles..it was crazy good and some! They service you tons of food and the price is great!!!!! Definitely would recommend to anyone!!!!!笑
I brought the family for dinner, mom and dad's anniversary is today. We ordered prime rib all around, we have had it before and it is excellent I have no complaint with the food, that's why I give it a three star. My complaint is with the wait staff. My wife has allergies she cannot drink alcohol or the root beer that goes with the meal and the waiter would not even substitute a diet soda in their place. Then we did not see the waiter until he brought the check, our meal was brought out by kitchen staff and we were not checked on till the check came. We were not offered any refills or rolls or butter nothing. I will return for another meal just because the food is good and the prices are great. Someone needs to focus on the wait staff and introduce them to customer service.笑
ITALIAN dressing is to die for.!! love it.. i come back for that alone.. from the steak to the salad everything here is scrumptious.. service is pretty slow but it doesn't take away from the experience at all..!笑
Decided to head over to Ellis Island before heading back to California. We had the prime rib, mash potatoes, green beans click, chilli and apple cobbler. The prime rib was perfect as medium rare and the girls loved apple cobbler and I devoured the chilli. Best bang for thr buck meal in Vegas. Loved the food and had wonderful service from Suze. She went above and beyond and made us feel very welcomed. Lost a little money at black jack, but will definitely be back when visiting Vegas笑
Ellis Island Café is a blast from the past and in my mind it transports me to a time when Vegas had minimal tourist and it was all ran by the mob. Either that or I've been watching too much Casino lately. When we arrived we parked at this small parking lot between the casino and the hotel next door.  As we walked in we were surprised to see an old school casino with low ceilings and lots of locals. When we got to the podium we noticed the deal of the day which was steak and eggs with potatoes for less than $10. My son also ordered a skillet with a ton of meat and potatoes and my wife had the biscuits and gravy. All our food was presented in an old school traditional manner and no fancy cutting or leaves and greens on top of stuff. You are able to get a beer with your meal or just a good coffee. Our waitress was very friendly and called me Hun which I actually like when I am at a place like this because I expect no less. "Old school and down to earth with awesome prices and good flavor," is all I need to say.
FYI- I recommended this place to a family we were hanging out with. They ended up going the next day and they made a point of telling us how great their meal was and how glad they were about the price.笑
Order 4 prime rib dinners. 

Prime ribs were HUGE. 
Green beans were fresh.  
Potato was overdone but I didn't have room for it anyway.  
Also got a good dinner salad...all for $16. 

Crazy inexpensive for very good quality meal.笑
I'm a fan now. Ellis Island home of cheap craft beer and diverse crowd. The cafe has some decent food specials like burgers, sandwiches and thick cuts of prime rib. Local prices right off the strip where for the same food you will pay twice as much on LVB.  The portions are filling and priced fairly.


This visit I had the Philly steak sandwich which came out quickly even with a full dining room.  Thick chucks of steak, green pepper and onion topped with gooey melted provolone a meal like this will most definitely sober you up. Expect a wait because this place can get busy but it's well worth it. I did not see one unsatisfied customer. I will be back often.笑
The place for breakfast. Evrything is great nad prices are really very resonable. They have steak and egg specials, yummy. Love thier french toast, and omelets, Always clue in  my friends that are visting.  Dinners are very good also. A jewel near the strip.笑
Their karaoke, depending on the DJ, has favoritism. Every night I've been here for karaoke they have the same people singing. Today, over 1.5 hrs, they've had two repeated people go up within the hour. The people singing are not blessed with the singing gene, and we're all sitting here waiting ETERNALLY. Leaving now, after two beers. Poor service, limited seating, and lousy singers.笑
Probably one of the most affordable breakfast place in Las Vegas. The food was good and the area was smoke free.笑
Wow! This place is a gem off the strip of Las Vegas! You walk in and it see the players club desk...new members get free $10 slot play and then get a voucher for a 7.99 Steak special dinner! Amazing, I am sooooo happy with my meal! Awesome recommendation from our hotel concierge!!! Thanks Ellis Island for a great evening!!!笑
Ellis Island is a nice little hole in the wall kind of bar & casino but with great food, game play, and kareoke. 
Its a bit old and run down but it makes up for it with charm and good music.

The food is mega cheap and typical Vegas delicious. The servers were really nice and helpful too with potential gluten free foods.笑
If you are looking for a reasonably priced breakfast than this is your place. If you walk in at the wrong time the waiting period will be long. The food was average and nothing to scream about. The staff atleast while I was there seemed to be pretty cool and helpful. I will be sure to come back on my next visit since the prices are great for the meal.笑
The positives: dining room clean and chicken wings were good. The negatives:  chicken fried chicken was not as good as it was.  They have changed the gravy and it is not good.  I never received my salad that went with my dinner and the young man waiting on us was slow and forgetful. I hope that we went on a off night.  Unfortunately we will never go back.  There are too many other places to eat to hope we don't get another off night.笑
You can't beat the value here. Great food, even better prices and the staff is super friendly. I had the NY steak and shrimp combo and it was delicious-the best part- it came really quickly! Our server was Linda and she did a fantastic job, she was very attentive and personable. If you're in Vegas, hungry, want great food for a decent price in a friendly welcoming environment, Ellis Island restaurant is a must!!!笑
I'm giving this place 5 stars because if you come to Vegas, you gotta go here at least once. Complete with singing Elvis, Karaoke and cheap casino restaurant prices like a bygone era, this is what I envision Vegas to be. I mean really what happened to all of the cheap places to eat? I thought you were supposed to save your money for gambling? Well, maybe it is cuz there are so many like myself who don't like gambling that most of the restaurants have upped their prices? Or maybe it's inflation? Either way, Ellis Island has succumbed to neither. Their prices make you feel like you are stealing and there food is great casino/diner food. What really puts them at 5 stars is the fact that they are a brewery and sell their craft beers for 2.50 for 20 oz. Wow! We spent $21 on breakfast including tip. Their chicken wings are quite good. I could probably eat here every day while in Vegas and be content. But at least come here once when the horrible Elvis impersonator is here :-)笑
Meh. I've experienced better.笑
My family and I have been coming to the Ellis Island Cafe  for many years. The steak special has been synonymous with Vegas trips for us, so I am disappointed to write such a negative review. However, our most recent experience today was extraordinarily poor. We were seated and had our order taken like any other time. We asked for four cups of water prior to our order. We had to ask another three times before three of the four waters were finally brought. Then, we had to ask another 2x before our fourth cup of water finally arrived. Meanwhile, other tables around us received their orders of soft drinks and beer. 

We ordered an appetizer in addition to 4 steak specials. We received our salads in a timely manner, but proceeded to wait an hour and a half before we received our appetizer of shrimp cocktail. We started seeing every table around us get their food (some of whom ordered steak specials). When we asked our waiter about our order he said that our food was coming and that it wasn't his fault since he wasn't the one making the food. Irritated by the brush off we spoke to the manager who assured us she would rush our order, which she did since the steaks came out rare though we ordered medium. We asked for our check so we could leave and showed the waiter the rare meat. The waiter told us he would show the kitchen how much they messed up...the waiter gave us our check and once again blamed the kitchen for messing up and gave us a $5 adjustment to our bill and a free side order of onion rings. I spoke to the manager again as I was irritated with the waiters disposition on the matter. She informed me that she does not work with the waiter often, but has gotten multiple complaints about him today...she also made sure to note she did everything she could to make things right. We felt that the manager was trying to brush us off as well, and seemed at most mildly concerned with the poor service and undercooked food. I guess what was disappointing was the fact that she wanted to deflect the blame rather than take any actions to rectify the situation. 

We ultimately feel that the service was just plain poor. It was disappointing the lack of accountability taken and the lack of effort given to make amends for the ordeal. Furthermore, the waiter did not seem to want to take responsibility for his mistake and the manager only seemed to want to blame the waiter rather than make amends herself. I am disappointed that the cafe did not seem to care about providing such poor customer service and food quality.笑
Came here only because The Orleans Courtyard Cafe no longer exists and  The Prime Rib Loft upstairs was closed and charges you twice as much for the same product. Really said the Courtyard no longer exists and even though they replaced it with another restaurant, no more prime rib (sniff).

This place is located on the backside of Las Vegas Blvd. Suffice it to say that they ran out of prime rib at 11:30 pm. How can a 24/7 place run out of prime rib in Vegas on a Saturday? Ugh, that wasn't even the worst part. The waitress took 10 minutes to find out if there was any prime rib left. Food took forever to arrive. The side salad I wanted was to have the dressing on the side, which was not done. My salad was drowning in dressing. Ugh. The baked potato with the steak felt and looked like it had been sitting under a heat lamp for the last hour because it was hard on top. The NY steak was tough. The fried chicken was dry and because it wasn't drained properly after frying, all the grease was soaked up by the steak fries sitting underneath. That's disgusting to the say the least. The salmon was dry and also had the hallmark of being overcooked with a hard crust on top. 

Needless to say, we won't be coming back here even if prime were available. I'm afraid to sample what it would be like if any of the other dishes were an example of the chef's talents. For $15.99 when other more well known places are offering cheaper prices and better quality, you'd expect better. I don't know where the 5 star ratings come from, but this place is not 5 star worthy笑
Best prime rib ever! ! $13.99 for a huge juicy fork-tender slab and it came with a baked potato , a salad, and green beans. The green beans were awful but i think I'm just used to the way they are in the south. Will definitely be back.笑
What can you say about graveyard specials? They are cheap and possibly the greatest thing ever after drinking the night away and you need some cheap grub. I've heard about this place for awhile so I decided to give it a shot. Ordered the steak and eggs special for $5.99. It's basically 8oz steak, two eggs, potatoes, and toast. It was pretty good for the price and where else in this world can you find this much food for that price? It hit the spot and I was feeling good. Don't expect the service to be grand, they handle service like you are in a farm house. Get in and get out! It's busy, so they have to just go from one table to another. BAM! Like a boss. So if you are needy after midnight, just save yourself the trouble and go get drive through food.笑
The management at this cafe is very rude to its customers. They were severely under staffed and the wait time quoted (the first time) was 25 min then the (2nd time) the wait time quoted after being there 45 min was stated to be 45 more minutes. The manager was not helping his staff out by busing tables or getting on the floor to serve his customers. Worst place in vegas. We left and came to another restaurant were seated immediately and food is way delicious.笑
Not on the menu, ask for the 12.99 steak deal, great deal for Vegas! Sketchy casino but this restaurant is well worth the effort!笑
my wife and I went to Ellis Island Cafe to celebrate my 70th birthday and to enjoy what was reviewed as one of the best chicken-fried steaks in Las Vegas. Well it was the best I have had in many years. My wife had the chicken Parmesan an d it too was very good. The clam chowder was also very tasty. The wait staff was very helpful and friendly. We really enjoyed our experience. Will definitely recommend to friends.笑
The food was horrible. We each had something a bit different, salad, half chicken w BBQ and fish and chips. All were bad. We had their craft IPA, that was terrible too.笑
LOVE THIS PLACE!  cheap drinks, good food, freshly remodeled - YES!  I always stop and visit my Ellis Island...  great spot to dine 24 hours!   The food service can be a bit slow, but hell, it's fresh and plenty to fill you up!  They have karaoke at one of the bars inside, so you can hear the singing going on in the restaurant - which can be good, and bad!  I love it!笑
When in need of sustenence, especially after a flight where you were served more of a snack than an actual meal, this is a good place to go to get your grub on.

After arriving at LAS, grabbing our rental car and dropping off our luggage, we headed here based off a fellow traveler's recommdation.

Wade through the slot machines and smoke and you will find the restaurant. The steak and eggs special is what we all ordered, which was an good deal for $5.99, plus french toast with bacon. I really wanted to try the prime rib, but they were out :(

The portions definitely filled us up and gave us a mini kanak attack. The steaks were juicy and cooked well. Service was a little slow, but I'll just chalk that up to us coming in so late at night (although if you think about it, Vegas doesn't sleep, right?)笑
Best breakfast for your buck in Vegas, hands down.  Over Labor Day weekend, I spent three straight mornings here.  Seriously, eggs, bacon, potatoes and toast for a few bucks!  The steak and eggs for just a buck or two more.  Drinks were really cheap too.  This place reeks of a bygone era in Vegas.  I loved the ambiance.  Next conference to Vegas, pretty sure this is where I am having breakfast each morning.笑
Price is right if you do the casino deal and portions are generous.  Had the fish & chips,  3 big fillets.  Husband had the steak with casino coupon, and he said it was cooked perfectly. There are other kiosks for pizza or burritos, a brewery that makes pretty good beer that you're welcome to transport into the cafe.  They will text you when a table opens up!笑
Had this waitress she was amazing I tipped her $10.00 she was on point with everything even though she was busy I hated to call on her I hope her boss called her out because I made sure I told her she was amazing.. food was great my dude told me about the place and my baby took me there...笑
We stopped in here hoping to have come across a hidden gem but boy did it come up short! The food was average to below average I would say, even the steak and egg special everyone raves about. The worst part was the service! It took so so long just to get our drinks! Not to mention the food! I definitely won't be coming back here and I wouldn't recommend it if you're in a hurry or running thin on patience for the day!! Oh and they can't split the checks like a normal restaurant which is extremely annoying. So if you're coming here and your party isn't on one check, bring cash!笑
Prime Rib 14.99 and assorted other deals!  This place is the bomb!  The prime rib is a king cut and so big that it fed both me and my girlfriend.  Although this is a small casino and kind of a run down one, the food at this cafe provided top notch value considering your options on the strip.  Eat here with minimal wait or wait two hours at bacchanal buffet in Caesars for $$$$...  Ellis Island is a pretty good alternative I must say.笑
WOW! Went for breakfast and the quality, quantity, and prices are great. Food came out fast. Waiters were nice and attentive.  Would definitely come back here.笑
SETTING: A group of us went here after a long night of dancing and having fun. It was about 3:00 AM on a Friday night (& July 4th weekend!)

AMBIANCE: Spacious! There was plenty of room in between tables. Other guests were there, but it wasn't crowded. There are also some booths for extra-comfy seating.

DISH: All 6 of us got the Steak & Eggs special. For the $6 price, it filled us up nicely! Some of us couldn't finish all the potatoes or bread, because they give a generous amount. They handed the bread separately in baskets and some of us actually forgot to get our bread, but we were full by the time we realized we didn't eat it.

SERVICE: Service was friendly and he came by often to give us updates about our dishes.

OVERALL: I'd come here for late night munchies again!笑
I was so excited to check this place out, was told this was the best breakfast in Las Vegas! Walked in, the place was certainly not fresh and new, could use a facelift but had the food been good that would have been a small price to pay, BUT... we ordered a corn-beef hash breakfast and what should have been a simple bacon and cheese omelet. My omelet was to come with three ingredients so that would have been bacon, cheese and I asked for avocado. I asked if they would substitute tomato slices for the potatoes and was told absolutely! I am not a fan of runny eggs so I asked that they make sure the eggs were done, again was told absolutely no problem. Our breakfast arrived quickly and our waitress had been attentive, so far so good! I cut into my omelet and runny egg spread over my plate. I summoned the waitress and showed her the eggs,  she promptly took it back to the kitchen, what came back out was a horror story, each half of the omelet had been "grilled" hard, put back together in two pieces and new cheese melted over the top! I asked for the manager and the omelet was removed from our bill, at that time she asked about the other meal, the corn-beef hash, which incidentally seemed to just be sliced from a can (still in perfect can sized circles) it certainly wasn't made in house! We stated it was "ok" but edible. We received our bill and indeed the omelet had been removed but I had been charged almost $5.00 for avocado and tomato slices, needless to say it was another manager call back.  I am not a fan of Ellis Island Cafe and would certainly not return or recommend it to anyone visiting Vegas.笑
Our experience started off a little rocky in the lounge area. We were never acknowledged by the wait staff, so we went back to the hostess and requested to be seated in the dinning area. Once there, our experience improved drastically. Our food was out in about 15 minutes and it was very good. However, the food wasn't really hot. Felt like it had been sitting for a while. Overall, the food is good and the price is even better!! My husband and I only spent $18.笑
Awesome $5.99 steak and eggs after 11pm. Fries were perfectly crispy outside and soft inside and well seasoned. Steak was cooked to the right temperature, but lacked a little bit of seasoning. Came at 11:30pm on a Friday night and there was no wait. Great deal, good food, and no complaint.笑
Busy, Yes even on a Monday night.  They have a newer system that sends the you a text as soon as your table is ready, they said 20-30 min.  More like under 10.  They have remodeled since the last time we were there and everything is cleaner and brighter, the new tile floors in the restaurant & casino really have improved the place.  Inexpensive, oh yeah!  Fast excellent service, Luis Carlos is the bomb!  Food is definitely better than what one would expect.  New York steak & shrimp, $12.99. Order your steak a bit more to the rare and you will be good.  Tender and tasty, Shrimp was very nice and crisp.  Had Calamari and it was done nicely, would have preferred for the marinara to not be so chunky.  Fresh lemon & homemade cocktail sauce really made it.  French Onion soup was rich and hot with lots of cheese.  House salad was crisp and fresh, Bob's Big Boy 1000 Island lovin' hubby was quite well pleased with theirs.  And you definitely cannot complain with a $2.25 (at the bar) and $2.50 (at the table) 16oz craft Beer.笑
This place is located behind the strip and isnt the safest looking area. My friends and I went because we saw the advertisement they had for $3.99 steak, which I believe was actually changed to $5.99 or something. It was good eats for a 4am meal. I'm a fan of 24hr eateries.

Its located inside a casino and there's also a brewery inside the casino which we accidentally went into, so dont get confused, it's the cafe at the right corner of the casino.

There were two guys asleep on the bench where you wait for a table. There wasnt a long wait but they dont seat you until everyone from your party is there.

So overall, the food was pretty good but not AMAZINGLY good. We waited for maybe 15minutes after having the cashier call a cab. It's not on the Vegas strip so there's not a line of cabs waiting for you. But keep in mind, I went at 4am so it might be different at different hours of the day--- or night? lol笑
It is all about the steak special here!  The service is slow, but their microbrews are good (especially Hefeweizen and stout). 

Anyway if you are new to their players club and play $5 win or lose you get the deal for $7.99. If you don't want to play you can just join the club and print off a $9.99 steak deal. 

The steak is really quite good. About an 8 oz sirloin. Not a bit of gristle or fat on it unlike many steaks. It was cooked perfectly with a huge plate of garlicky green beans (which I don't eat but my friends liked). And it comes with baked potato and green beans!  And their microbrew 20 oz beer are like $2.25. Amazing deal and good food!笑
My boyfriend had the Prime Rib lunch included a 20oz beer all for 13.99. We had plenty left over so for the price and taste we give it 5 stars. Our waitress was sweet and attentive despite the amount of tables she had.笑
Had the angus burger with bacon ,cheese it was off the chain.Yum yum$8.99 waitress gave me a coupon.This burger was delish.笑
One of the best kept secret's in all of Las Vegas! The dinner steak is huge and always perfectly cooked! Baked potato salad and green beans are amazing! Breakfast steak and eggs are also a treat! They even make poached eggs to perfection!
I cannot complete my review without mentioning the greatest addition to this café! Suzy is friendly, energetic and goes out of her way to make your experience amazing! Her manager Wendy also appreciate her hard work!
Microbrew is cheap and delicious!笑
Food was pretty good for the $8.99 steak special. The service was slow. If you're not in a rush, I'd recommend it.笑
4 1/2 stars. Arrived for breakfast on a weekday morning. Parking was directly located in front of the casino and I was seated immediately. I was greeted by my older Eastern block waitress who took my beverage order.

I went with the steak and egg breakfast which was priced at a locals rate. The steak was cooked perfectly and was generously sized, tender and included potatoes, toast and two eggs.

For the price of a breakfast sammie and latte at Starbucks I received a full sit down breakfast with a hot tea. What a score! Heck yeah I'll be returning. BTW complimentary wifi is offered here too笑
Heads up, this spot is popular and always has a wait. I mean always. Like even at 2AM you'll be told something absurd like 45 minutes. Call ahead or go to their website, there's a way to hold your spot in line ahead of time.

But the reason this spot is always busy is their low prices, huge portions, and good food. It's not high-end dining but they put out good prime rib ($15) and Southern specials like chicken fried steak or chicken ($10?), both of which come with an awesome white gravy. Most meals come with a potato/rice and soup or salad, and you'll get filled up.

Other menu options include burgers, sandwiches, and daily dinner specials (meatloaf, pot roast, etc). The small special shrimp cocktail ($4) and French Onion Soup ($5) are decent add ons if that somehow isn't enough food for you.

NOTE: You cannot order their chicken and ribs here, you must go to their separate BBQ restaurant space around the corner. Whichever one you go to, make sure you get a root beer!笑
Just had breakfast here with my mom,dad and wife- was good and cheap, I had the $5.95 steak and eggs, wife had biscuits and gravy with a side of corn beef hash patties. We both thought it was tasty, but the selling point is it's cheap here, right on Koval behind all the major Casinos. Will be back on future visit to Vegas.笑
Although its around 13 bucks now for a prime rib and a beer this place is still the best deal! I couldn't even finish all the food I had. I also tried some of my Dad's chicken fried steak which was awesome too! They have also done a really nice job remodeling the place笑
We were invited to meet family was visiting from out of town here.  It was bad enough walking through the smoke infested casino, but I believed that in the Restruants you were not supposed to smoke where food was served.  In this cafe people were smoking and blowing smoke while we were trying to eat.  It was disgusting. The food here was below average as well.  I know that there is smoking in casinos, but to serve food where people are eating should be against the law !!!!  Never going here again!!!笑
We aren't locals but were encouraged to go to Ellis Island for good eats and looser slots. I love getting off the beaten path and seeing what the locals love. Even our lyft driver asked us if we were local. 

The building outside looks a bit older. You can see the brewery from the street. I send pictures to a relative and she was impressed with the size of their system. I'm not a beer kinda person, so I didn't find it as cool. But she did ;)

We knew we were in good hands when our sweet older waitress called us her "babies". Everyone around us seemed genuinely happy and enjoying their food and discussing their wins/losses. 

We went during lunch and I'm sad to say we didn't get any pictures. I ordered a BLT and added avocado. It was huge, the bread was crusty and toasted just how I liked it. The tomatoes and lettuce were ripe and fresh. A classic done right always makes me happy. 

My husband ordered the 50/50 burger. 50% beef and 50% ground bacon. We are bacon lovers. It was glorious, y'all. Ground bacon is a revelation. As you get close to biting into the thing the bacon smell hits you. That's a special kind of love. 

The food was priced well. Much less than anything we paid for on the strip. 

High five, Ellis Island. You rocked it.笑
"Don't judge it's book by it cover"...ugly looking on the outside and very smokey in the inside. But I'm here to review on the  Cafe I ate at and the not the casino. I ordered the steak and eggs for $5.99, which you get a steak, 1 egg, toast, and potatoes. And I have to say this was the best steak and eggs I ever had!笑
If you like the food here, you are probably drunk. 

I ordered the Alaskan Salmon with garlic lemon seasoning, which came with tartar sauce... I've never seen tartar sauce served with salmon, so that should have been my first warning. I took a bite and it was soooo dry and tough. What a waste of good fish! I traded my green beans for corn, which was obviously from a can, and the rice pilaf was quite bland. I thought maybe I ordered the wrong thing so I sent it back and ordered fish and chips instead. Wrong. The fish and chips came out and it just tasted like a ball of grease. Hubby ordered the prime rib and said it was "edible, but not amazing". 

The waitress was sweet, but not very attentive. We never received refills. We were hoping that despite the appearance of this place, the food would be decent, because we had heard good things about the food in the pub. Perhaps that food is better, but we had our baby with us and couldn't eat in there. Also, the high chair we received had a broken belt, so baby ended up sitting on my lap.

All I know is, Gordon Ramsey would have been royally ticked.笑
Tender juicy delicious prime rib, and for $13.99 with soup/salad and hand crafted beer included-- just can't beat that! Be prepared to have a long wait though, especially on weekends.笑
For $7.99, you really cannot beat the steak special.
 
It IS $9.99 however if you play $5 with your players card inserted in a machine you get $2 off. It was my gfs first time there so I was curious how she would react as Ive had the steak several times.
 
The meals in the end were great. I had my steak cooked medium, baked potato (sour cream/butter), beans, chicken soup. The meals came before the soup but we didn't care. In the end, the plates and bowls were cleaned. My steak wasn't difficult to cut through and had a great flavor to it. I also had a homemade root beer to quench my thirst. My girlfriend enjoyed her meal just as much as I did.
 
So if you are thinking of stopping by then I encourage you to do so. Stop paying $50+ for steaks and $10 for sides. Although this isnt the same "quality" its sure as hell worth trying out at least once.笑
Great food and excellent service! Alex F. Was our server and made our experience even more enjoyable! Thank you Alex and we'll be back!笑
We came here around 9pm and had to wait about 30 min for a table.  There was 4 of us, so the wait wasn't too bad.  We were seated, our drink orders were taken very quickly.  We waited a bit for our order to be taken.  But it was very busy.  The three of us ordered the $12.99 prime rib dinner.  Comes with a salad or soup, baked potato, green beans, huge piece of prime rib and either a beer or root beer.  My bf said the beer was pretty good and I loved to root beer.  This place is really really busy because the prices are so cheap.  The service itself kind of sucked, but it was very busy and not many servers there.  It did take a while to get our check, but my tummy was happy so I had some patience.

The parking lot here is pretty small. The casino itself is pretty smokey because it's an older one.  And there seems to be karaoke there every night.  Some people were good and others made my ears bleed.  But I guess that's something that always happens during karaoke.  If you're in the area, you have to try this place out for some good cheap food.笑
So, I'm going this place 3 stars... th service is jot friendly... I've had friendlier servers at dicks last resort.. but the steak and eggs is super good..... so in the middle... I won't come back but the food was good... not the fried pickles./笑
Our group arrived and checked in, the lady at the host stand gave us about a 20 minute wait time. 15 mins later, a member of our party asked about our party's wait time and the manager (or what it seems, her names BRIANNA) simply asked if we can wait longer and that the parties that just arrived need to get seated first. She did not show an apologetic attitude what so ever. NEVER COMING HERE AGAIN. 

However, the food was kind of good. I guess.笑
So good great price for food on the strip. I had the fish and chips which were to die for good. Crunchy batter with moist flaky fish perfection. My son loved his chicken fried steak. Waited outside to avoid the smoky casino. Only downside was our wait which was better then 30 min. and just as long to get our food. I was starving by the time we got it but for the.price and high quality food it was worth the wait I'd say.笑
Usually  love this place but our server was bad brought my food and my husbands showed up when I  was  finished, no apparent  reason  no sorry  or anything.笑
Never felt so put out by a restaurant until tonight. Checked in at the desk and wait time was 45 minutes to an hour. I was surprised that we got seated in 20 minutes so the experience was starting off good. We sat down waited for a waiter and we had to call one over and we asked can we move to a booth and he said go ahead so we moved. 

We sat for good 10 - 15 minutes and the manager on duty approached the table and asked, were you assigned here and we told him no. Without even letting us explain why we are in that seat he just said well you need to move to the seat you were assigned to. My boyfriend asked can we move to the other booth and he said no. I felt so embarrassed and never felt so put out so I said lets just leave and instead of the manager trying to fix it he said okay you can leave. 

My boyfriend and I both work in the industry and thought this was a very inappropriate way to treat customers. We go here a lot but after this experience we will not be setting foot in there for a very long time.笑
I use to come here when I was a teenager, and I recently made the trip back here and it did bring back memories for me.

The menu is simple and is only comprised of a front and back of a menu. It's filled with simple American dishes that can fit nearly anyone's taste. The items on the menu are relatively cheap compared to other restaurants out there now, and so I couldn't argue with the prices. My recent visit, I got the chicken parmesan while my mom got the salmon. Both items came with a salad. I would recommend asking for dressing in the side because it was just globbed on my salad and it was a lot just concentrated in the middle, so that wasn't fun. The chicken parmesan was quite delicious. The pasta was cooked well, the chicken was delicious, and the garlic bread was good. My mom's salmon wasn't as lucky, for it was a little dry and the green beans that it came with weren't that great. 

The service really sucked when we went. It was understaffed for dinner and the place was almost completely full. When I had a general question that anyone in the restaurant could answer, I tried to ask someone who wasn't my server and he rudely told me that he wasn't my server and he can't help me. That's a no-no in my book. 

Their food is cheap and you can get lucky or unlucky depending on what you order. Try not to go during peak hours and the service will be more than adequate.笑
Best karaoke spot I've ever been to in Vegas!

I went here with a co-worker and my fiance at the time, the night before our wedding. Talk about a fantastic way to relax and have fun before our big day. We had a blast. I am no karaoke queen and I'm sure I sounded terrible but there was absolutely no judgment.  No matter who was sitting around us, we ended up chatting and getting to know people, because everyone there just wanted to have fun. 

Can't wait to go back and do it again.笑
Hubs and I both had the apple pecan salad.  We both loved it!  He had chicken added to his for a few dollars more.  Don't go here for the atmosphere, go for the good food at a reasonable price. Looks like this is a place the locals frequent.笑
Prime rib, green beans, salad and potatoe $14.99. It was very delicious and cooked to perfection. Unfortunately The service sucked. I ordered onion rings as appetizer and it never arrived. I ordered a baked potato and got mashed potatoes. Good thing the food made up for the bad service.笑
I got this down now! $5.99 Steak and Eggs special from 11Pm until 11AM. 

Everyone comes here for that. Ellis has the best steak and eggs in town! Nowhere else compares to their steak and eggs. The steak is a good, non-cheap quality piece of meat. It's tender, not dry. Eggs are eggs, not really hard to mess up. Unlike most other places, the hash browns are little chunks instead of the traditional kind. I actually really don't like the traditional hash browns. Ellis Island has a crispy outside and soft inside potato cubes. I LOVE IT! I wipe out the potatoes every time I'm here whereas I would hardly even touch the hash browns at another restaurant. 

My usual choice is steak medium, eggs over easy, and white toast. However, I think I'll switch over to sourdough my next visit. The service can be slow when they're busy but it's still worth eating here. The hotel itself is a little run down but don't let it scare you away. It's also off the strip but I'm telling you, BEST STEAK AND EGGS!笑
The food is good, and the prices are reasonable.  However, the service varies and can be incredibility slow at times (but sometimes it's pretty good).  There seems to be no supervision of the staff, but I do like their breakfast special so I keep coming back.笑
Who is responsible for raising the price on the steak special? The prices went up and the quality went down. If my memory serves me correctly, the steak special use to be between $6.95-$7.95. it included a side salad, homemade Rootbeer, a 10-oz filet cut steak, your choice of potato, and garlic green beans.  Now, they want you to have a tracking device, I mean a players card (even if you don't gamble) just to get the steak special for $9.99. By the way, that does not include the homemade Rootbeer, which will run you an additional $2.50. 

As a Las Vegas local, I am outraged! I'm aware that I sound very frugal...because I am!!! If I were at an upscale steakhouse, with a nice atmosphere and attentive servers, this same meal would cost me at least $80, but the Ellis Island Cafe is a hole in the wall. 

In regards to their service, it was my servers second day on the job (I'll cut her some slack because she was a sweetheart),however, it was Christmas and the restaurant was slammed. Why would management do that to their employee? I guess they believe in baptism by fire.  Our server forgot to bring our salads, so they arrived well after we received our entrees.  My husband had to find a steak knife for me because the staff was so overwhelmed. 

With their new prices in effect, I urge everyone to mosey on over to Outback Steakhouse for a cheap steak special and a much shorter wait.笑
Best prime rib dinner $16.99- no time zone. 
The dinner includes soup or salad, freash gren beans, potato, prime and a nice size prime rib with killer au jus sauce. 

Off the strip, needed an uber $6.41 which was the base price. 

Or you can walk through planet hollywood, to/through Paris hotel,  to/through bailey's then exited and walked outdoors about 4 blocks off the strip. 

The casino looks like nothing from the outside, but pretty laid back, cool inside. Minimum  $5.00 tables, good mix deinks, sweet little semi-divey bar. 

We will return when we want cheap plays, easy drinks, and a fabulous piece of rime rib!笑
This was my first time visiting this casino hotel. Much larger than expected walking through. A good variety of slots and tables

Staff was hard to distinguish. Signs for various areas of casino were okay. We elected to try out the restaurant here. 

Host staff took some time. Wait staff was helpful. Kitchen took some time. Wait staff provided items on menu could not be modified. We ordered off the menu. I don't recall the actual meal ordered. It came reasonable timed. Not a bad breakfast but not a great breakfast. I have definitely have had better.

Restaurant was a bit busy. Plenty of areas were being cleaned during my visit.

My visit was okay. Not quite my cup of tea. Considering it's in Vegas I wished pricing and food were competitive to the major casinos.笑
Steak and eggs for $9.99 at any hour of the day?  I AM THERE!  

Don't be fooled by the non-fancy interior/exterior... you won't be getting a piece of rubber steak here.  The sirloin is cooked to medium rare perfection. I really did not expect that for such a low price tag. 

Just a short taxi ride from the strip.... parallel to Las Vegas Blvd... behind Bally's hotel. Check it out yo.笑
A prime rib dinner with a salad or soup and two sides for only $14.99?!?  Count me in!  I was surprised to arrive with a 45 minute wait on a Saturday night since this was not exactly the prettiest place in town.  It's a cafe with a lot of casually dressed, possibly older crowd.    

While not on par with Mastro's, Ruth's Chris, or Morton's by any means, for this price point, I would say the prime rib was pretty damn good and tender too.  They said it was only 12 oz, but I've worked at a steakhouse and it looked more like 16 oz to me.  It  was a big cut of prime rib for sure!  If you're super hungry they have a double cut of 24 oz for $26.99!  It comes with your choice of salad or soup, sauteed garlic green beans, and a baked potato, fries, or mashed potatoes.  I opted for double green beans.  I was so full from this meal I could barely eat the next day.  My brother got a steak and eggs for only $10.49 which is also good, and the rest of our party got the prime rib dinner and could barely finish, so being the garbage disposal that I am, ate part of their steak.   I definitely hit my protein macros for the day!  Katie, our server, was super quick and on top of it, knowing that we were on a time constraint and was unaware the wait would be so long.  She was incredible, so I'm not sure what these other people ragging on the service was talking about.  Everything came out in a timely manner.  The bill came out to $60 with tax.  

Not the best ambiance, and it's in an old, unassuming casino behind the strip, but if you're looking for some good, cheap steak, this is THE place to hit up!笑
A great place for late night grub . Also great to grab when you've been out all night clubbing and drinking all night. The Steak and Egg is awesome and at a great price . My girlfriend loves the country style steak and eggs as well . All the food is great .笑
Yes, I am a fan of the restaurant.  Ate here late 7/12/13 at the recommendation of our cab driver.  

I had the salmon w/ rice , green beans with garlic along w/ a side salad w/ blue cheese- very good.

My boyfriend went w/ the porterhouse with a loaded baked potato and green beans w/ a side salad w/ ranch and a beer.

The service wasn't the best I've ever had but it wasn't the worst either.  It was late and they seemed under staffed.  

The price was right and the portions are filling.  The decor is old but it adds to it's overall appeal.  

I would go back!!笑
$5.99 steak and eggs! On Sundays, the deal is good until 2pm. I was absolutely pleased with my cut of NY steak and it was definitely medium rare like I asked! Only downside was that it took about 40 minutes to get our food (well, steaks for 6 people is a lot I guess..). I suggest asking for butter on the side unless you like your toast DRENCHED with butter!笑
Love this place for breakfast. Good size portions, inexpensive. I had the pork chop and eggs, hubby had the $5.99 NY steak special. As expected, my pork chop was super tough and leathery. But I choked it down. The NY steak is what I will get next time. It was tasty and cooked properly med rare. I've been to expensive steak houses that couldn't have cooked it better! What a bargain! Not sure why every breakfast place in Vegas cooks their potatoes like this (would have preferred hash browns). And of course, no fruit available. But I guess, who comes to Vegas to eat fruit? One of my over easy eggs was cooked through and no dimpy, but was still yummy. This will always be one of our go to breakfast places. Apparently it's everyone else's too as it's always packed.笑
S5.99 FOR THE ULTIMATE STEAK AND EGGZ. Eggcellent....yes, yes....very very eggcellent.

Maybe it was 4:30 am and I was basking in the fluorescent lighting or the nice taxi driver who knew exactly how to indirectly cure my heel-hurting blues. Whatever the case, this place HIT THE SPOT! The waitress even gave me a closer table because she saw me limping, haha.

Asked for a medium rare with sunny-side up. Perfect. Damn, for a $5.99, you sure canNOT beat this deal! 2 eggs, 2 pieces of BUTTERED toast, side of potatoes, and a steak roughly 8 oz. The steak was actually better than I thought it would be -- not too overcooked, not too undercooked. Brown on the outside with pink in the middle...just the way I like 'em!

I though life couldn't get any better. Then I remembered my feet still hurt from my heels and dreadfully made the way back towards the taxi, blehhhhh.笑
That 6.99 steak and eggs special really hits the spot. The steak was done just how I asked and the eggs were perfectly cooked over medium. The potatoes weren't bad either. Service was good and the restaurant seemed clean.  


SERVICE
Good

PARKING
Free lot. Not bad.笑
Fantastic little location. Small casino that has a very dope food area. My friend became a member of the Casino and got a 9.99 steak dinner (Steak, Mashed Potatoes, Green Beans and a side salad) that could not be beat. First time in Vegas, definitely come here and experience this. I also got a steak dinner for just 4 bucks more and it was still a great deal. If your looking for nice and affordable in Vegas, this is it!笑
$15 prime rib meal is my favorite ! Nice, thick, and juicy! I always come back and bring new people here and they all enjoy it笑
Great food, good service, excellent value. I had the salmon one night, and the grilled chicken with spinach and sun dried tomatoes another night. Both were very good! And you can't beat a tall glass of hefe for $2.25!笑
It's excellent food, for what you pay lol...
We went for late breakfast on Sunday after a late night out.

Most people ordered the steak and eggs. My boyfriend ordered it medium rare. They were SPOT ON with the temperature. The steak was cooked perfectly! He ordered his eggs over easy and that was done perfectly too! The potatoes were yummy, but it's hard for me to dislike potatoes.

I ordered the chicken fried steak and eggs. The chicken fried steak is made with pork, and they do have a chicken fried chicken option. The batter was crispy and flavorful, the meat was tender. The sausage gravy was amazing! AMAZING. 

Service itself could have been better... it took forever for the kitchen to finish our food, and our server was kind of aloof to everything actually going on in the dining room.

It is the perfect drunchies-joint. That's for sure.笑
BEST STEAK N EGGS! $5.99 for a good sized steak, two eggs, home fries, and some toast? That's a steal! (11PM-11AM)

This place is a must for some late night grubbing! Not alot of people know about it but it's right behind the strip near Bally's and MGM. 

A must go to place if you need some food to soak up the alcohol after a night of partying.笑
We got the players card and enjoyed the $9.99 steak and beer special.  Got an incredibly thick and perfectly charred steak, choice of potato, green beans, salad, and a beer.  It was great and so cheap!!笑
I love the place, yes at times service outright sucks, and yes at times you wait for a table! Oh I gotta wait for a table in a casino that brews their own Beer, oh the horror of it all!
The Prime Rib is Outstanding for the price, but my new go to item is the Berkshire 50/50 burger! Just frigging delicious!
So the place is what it is, cheap yet tasty coffee shop food! Decent not great house beers, although the Irish Red is Delicious, and a decent value!
Is it 5 star dining, no, but it's above average food at good prices, and free local entertainment!笑
I make a point to come here every time I come to Vegas. $9 steak dinner? Yes. Cheap drinks? Heck yes. Karaoke?!? Oh yeah.

The steak dinner doesn't taste like it's only $9. It tastes like a proper steak dinner. Many of the bargain steak dinners on the strip do not. Win-win. They brew their own beer too, and while I'm not a beer drinker, I'm told that it's tasty. Their other items are quite good too: I got this creamy tomato penne dish one time and it was to die for. It was only like $7 or something. So good and so cheap. Their burgers are good too. And every now and then, someone will get on the karaoke stage who will make the whole restaurant stop and listen.

I love the place.笑
Ellis Island is a local dive that's been around FOREVER, and they're mostly known for their karaoke. I used to hang out there back in the day when I worked at the MGM (because they used to let casino employees drink FOR FREE (!!!!! Can you imagine!!!! I can't believe I didn't get a DUI until 2010.) 

Then for awhile, there was talk of imploding poor old Ellis Island for another douchey high-rise condo tower -- which thankfully, a little something called the Recession put the kibosh to! So Ellis Island still squats in squalor, in the shadow of the Strip (it's on Koval Lane, for all you non-locals...check it out!).

Either way, I'm here to tell you that the cafe here has an AMAZING steak special -- around $8 or so for a big-ass (8 oz or so) filet, with salad, green beans and a baked potato. PLUS a beer is included...but I hate beer, so I had a glass of wine (which cost extra, but not much). I thought the $7.77 steak special at Mr. Lucky's in the Hard Rock was good (and it really is)...but if you like beer, Ellis Island is the better deal. (But if you like fake tits and poseurs, then Hard Rock is the better deal for you.)

Aside from the steak special, they also serve typical Vegas cafe fare: breakfast, sandwiches, chicken-fried strippertits, etc. Something for everyone.

One caveat: every cheapass in town comes here, so if you go at regular mealtimes, there can be quite a wait. My advice is to do like me: sleep til noon, drink black coffee and bitch about stuff online til 5, hit the gym/go to work/run errands (whatever you have to do that particular day) til about 10...then head to Ellis for dinner at 11.  Hey, it's open 24 hours!笑
Didn't eat here but did sink a few beers in this unpretentious bar/casino/karaoke bar. Check it out when you're sick of the strip.笑
Service is  always slow and took 10 mins to even ask for our drinks and anouther 10 to get them. Breakfast is Cheap and really good.笑
The only reason why it's four stars and not five is because the service is so so and the casino is so-so but the food is awesome especially the chicken fried chicken in the café also Ellis Island barbecue is a great hit and the pizza in the casino is also awesome笑
Oh yeah! Been here a handful of times and it keeps making it back on the list of breakfast/brunch destinations. Just can't beat good ol tasty diner breakfast. Not your typical diner though, they do it right! Perfect for the Vegas morning recovery meal. 

I normally opt for the corned beef hash. They make it crispy which just takes the hash to the next level. 

Another favorite is the chicken fried steak. Juicy and crispy all at the same time. Wonderful!

This time I tried something new. The chicken fried chicken. Basically just like the chicken fried steak but with chicken. Wow! Same juicy result, different meat. Loved it. Of course anything greasy probably tastes good after a night of drinking, games, and whatever, but this place is now permanently etched in as the default for breakfast. Do it!笑
What I feel Vegas used to be like.  Great service and good cheap eats.  Its not flashy or big like the modern Soddom *Strip*...but it makes up for it with simple charm and service.  Try it.笑
This review is for 2 visits. We ate there two nights ago, and the food was delicious! My hubby had the prime rib and I had the fish and chips! That was a Friday night. We had a wait of about 40 minutes, so we entertained ourself in the casino. The place is not one of the flashier casinos/restaurants that you would see on the strip, but they had some seriously inexpensive, great food/beer.
We were leaving Vegas on Sunday, and kept thinking about the delicious $26 for 2 of us, both with beer, and thought we should eat lunch there before flying out. We stopped there around 2 pm, and the place was only 25% full. The unfriendly hostess greeted us with a sour face and told us that there would be a 45 minute wait to get seated. I did a double take because SERIOUSLY the place WAS EMPTY!! I don't know if they were expecting us to just go gamble and pass the time or what, but we had to catch a plane and did not have time for that nonsense! Such a shame that we left with an unwelcomed feeling.笑
I've been coming to this place since the steak special still came with a beer, and it's progressively been going downhill since. I'm still a fan of the steak special - $7.99 after coupons and a little bit of play, but they devalued it by taking off the beer. Steak is better than you'd expect for $8 and it comes with good green beans, a baked potato, and salad (and they still make their awesome dressing in-house -- try the Italian). 

The waitstaff is always on top of things and has never made us feel like a burden for using our coupons. 

The beef I have is with the host staff and management. Understaffing during busy times often makes wait times 45+ minutes, we've had issues with rude hosts; recently, after questioning why our party of 5 couldn't sit in the corner booth, the hostess called security over with the manager and accused us of cussing her out. 

I'll keep coming here until my hunger for steak no longer outweighs the service I get at the host station.笑
We were for a close by restaurant for brunch.  We found this place on yelp. The place is clean. Service is excellent our waitress was friendly. Food was excellent. Prices are reasonable. Definitely will come back again when we are in Vegas. Highly recommend it笑
We ordered the steak special and I would recommend.  Home made root beer was really  good.  If you like a bit stronger root beer than store bought this hits the spot. Good menu choices, but couldn't pass up on the steak.  Ambience is a bit loud, but if your in Vegas its the norm.  Recommended by AJ of HD in Bally's great job.笑
Come on people this place is horrible.  Started off with a nice thirty minute wait to get a table of 5 in a place that smells like puke, beer, and cigarettes. Ok, our friends where raving about this place so we waited.

When we were finally seated, the classic "I have been working here for fifty years so I don't need to be polite" waitress came up and was extremely rude.  

After ordering, the food took an HOUR!  No one refilled our delicious Las Vegas tap water even once, and when the food did come out, it was ice cold.  My girlfriends burger was so dry you couldn't even bite it without slathering it in ketchup.  My steak was tough and the eggs were cold.  

To top it all off, they don't split checks, so you better make sure someone in your group has enough cash.  

Look elsewhere to eat in vegas.笑
Amazing value for a place so close to the strip.  I had the 50:50 beef & bacon burger.  Impressively rich and satisfying.  Fries are OK, but the burger is the king..  Quite decent house wines by the carafe.  We came back twice during our week visiting Las Vegas, and had a fine meal each time.  Service is competent and friendly.  You will never leave hungry, and your wallet will appreciate it as much as your tummy.笑
The date of this review is December 25, 2016.

On December 21, 2016, my wife and I decided to have breakfast at the Ellis Island Café located on Koval Lane in Las Vegas. The café is within a walking distance from The LINQ Hotel where we were staying and is open 24/7. We decided to drive there and that took us less than 5 minutes. We arrived there around 7:30 a.m. The parking lot in front of the café was full so we had to park in an adjacent lot and walk towards the café. Should have walked from the hotel and get our daily exercise. We were immediately seated in a booth.

My wife had the "Two Eggs Any Style, $3.99." This plate consists of two eggs any style served with Potatoes O'Brian. I had the "Ham Steak & Eggs, $7.99." This plate consists of grilled slice of bone-in ham steak served with two eggs and Potatoes O'Brian. Each plate comes with two slices of toast. Both meals were prepared to our perfection and they tasted great. Both of us enjoyed our breakfast at Ellis Island Café.

Our waitress was very nice and her services were perfect. The water and coffee cups were promptly filled.

In summation, the food was good for the price, parking was not as I would have expected, but the service was good. If we find ourselves in Las Vegas again, Ellis Island Café is a good choice.

Food = 5 stars
Service = 5 stars
Parking = 2.50 stars
Overall = 4.25 stars笑
Good food at a great price. Can't beat steak and shrimp for 12.99. And they brew there own beer. What!!! At 2.75 a glass. What!!! Love this place.笑
13 bucks (tip in) for a full steak dinner and a beer? Value is amazing and the food is just fine.  Not a high end steak experience but better than some chains that charge double (triple) for a similar steak. Service was great... I like this place!笑
I went in the evening and we had a 30 minute wait.   I ordered a steak and shrimp combo dinner.   I had to send my steak back twice because they overcook it.  I was burnt and well done.  My server told the manager on 10/25/2015 and he took the steak off my bill but charge me for the shrimp and soup.  I had four medium shrimp.   I was still hungry.  I was not satisfied with my meal on that night.笑
Food was really bad... I can't see how people love this place.. I brought 11 people to come try,it was our first time.. The server Shawn was good but said cook sucks.. just like the food... never will go back..笑
Got there around 11 a.m. and wanted the steak dinner that I'd heard so much about (big, juicy steak, salad, baked potato and a beer) and all I had to do was ask! The waitress was so nice (Carla) and kept her cool when she got slammed. 
The steak was everything I wanted it to be. Huge, juicy, delicious, perfectly made. Everything about the Cafe was well worth the trip off the strip.笑
I heard about this local spot before. The husband and i came here after leaving a club. I guess it was kareoke night. They were singing up a storm. The food was cheap and very tasty. My husband ordered the 6.99 steak and eggs. Service was good. We will return on our next Vegas trip after a night of druken clubbn笑
An amazing place to have a very good dinner not expensive at all. 
The prices are so incredible that I was skeptical about the quality but it was the second time I go and it was as delicious as the first time.
My favorite is the chicken Parmesan with a soup or a salad for 9.99 dollars ! Very generous, a little too generous because I couldn't finish.
An incredible place I will go again and again !笑
We had a good experience at Ellis Island Cafe this past Sunday.  Another couple along with my wife and myself arrived in Vegas Sunday AM and were looking for a reasonably priced place to eat some Breakfast/ Brunch.  I had read some reviews and recommended trying Ellis Island.  We were very happy with our choice.  There was a $6.99 special for an 8 oz NY Steak and eggs that was very good and a heck of a deal.  We also ordered the Chicken Fried Steak and eggs, which had a yummy beer batter on it, I believe.  One of our friends had the Hangover burger, which he devoured quickly.  Everything was excellent and you could tell it is a popular place for locals.笑
This is an example of you get what you paid for. I had the steak dinner for $9. Steak was dry, rice pilaf is like a steamed white rice, green beans was just sautteed with no flavor. My wife has chicken with mushroom-terrible. Seems like food was prepared quickly prepared at home after work, and not from a restaurant that you pay more. Not coming back.笑
Ellis Island Café is probably one of Vegas's best kept secrets. Located in the Ellis Island Casino and Brewery, this place has some good eats at decent prices. I like how they have the vibrating tablets they give you if there is a wait so you can go about the casino and hit up a slot machine or just people watch.

If its your first time here, I recommend getting a player card so you can get all the perks that come with it like the 8.99 steak special. You get a fat juicy sirloin steak cooked to order (I suggest you get it medium rare) green beans, and your choice of mashed potatoes, baked potato, rice pilaf, or fries. You also have a choice of salad or soup. Lastly, it also comes with a your choice of beer or root beer. This price applies to all people in your party. For 8.99 that's a very good deal. Just make sure to go to the players kiosk towards the left of the café to print out your 8.99 voucher.

They also have great breakfast specials. So for you drinkers, the steak n egg special is great for hangovers. Did I mention these guys are 24 hours? Yup. Nothing better than a decent steak at 2 or 3 in the morning. 

As for the atmosphere, I thought it was very roomy. Plenty of tables and booths. The lighting is bit low but bright enough to notice your surroundings so it gives you that date night type of setting. 

Service was pretty good. I was already gonna use my 8.99 steak meal voucher when the waiter noticed I also had a dollar off voucher next to it. He proceeded to tell me I can use it in conjunction with the 8.99 voucher. Wow. I assumed you couldn't use two vouchers together but after going over it, there was not anything that said you couldn't. Props to our waiter for that. I should of got his name so he can get recognition. Next time I go I will look for him.

Where they are situated I think is in a very good location. They are literally a few blocks away from the strip so its walking distance from a lot of the major casinos. So whenever you drive by this place and not even think twice about it, check it out, im glad I did or I would have never known about the great specials.笑
Love coming here after a long Vegas night. Def a quantity over quality place - come when drunk, or hungry, not to try and impress a date. Graveyard specials run from 11PM-2AM. Parking is easy for this small locals casino: a small lot connected to a Motel 8. I drove my 4 drunk friends the 0.6miles from Caesars Palace at 4:30AM and we ordered and ate like college kids, all on a college kid budget. Total for the evening including tax =$56.66. The family-style order: 

1. Biscuit Special ($3.99): scrambled eggs, 2 biscuits smothered in gravy, 2 bacon (or sausage) - gravy was ok, had tiny bits of meat in it, everything was standard

2. Turkey Sandwich ($5.99): turkey, tomato, lettuce, mayo on bread. Comes with thick-cut fries. We shoved the bacon from the breakfast special into this and were so proud of our delicious, resourceful creation. 

3. 8oz NY Steak Special ($6.99): comes with toast, home fries, and 2 eggs how you like. We got one with over-easy and one with over-medium eggs and both were made correctly. Love smearing my toast with runny yolk. 

4. Hot wings ($7.99): dozen bomb.com wings. This was way better than we expected. It's really hard to find hot wings that make me happy- the struggle is real. These were good and although they tied for most expensive thing of the night, I'd come back and order them again and again. (RIP Hooters casino $.25 wings)

5. Chicken Fried Steak ($7.99): tied for price and deliciousness with hot wings. Fyi This is PORK. Comes with toast and 2 eggs how you like. Crispy fried pork cutlet with a ladling of gravy on top. Empty plate in 4minutes. 

6. side order Biscuits&Gravy ($3.99): 4 biscuits smothered in a ton of gravy. This is a dinner plate of biscuits and gravy. 
7. side order Bacon ($2.99): 5 crispy bacon strips 
8. side order fries ($2.99): basket of thick cut fries. "steak fries" if you will. 

9. House Brewed Ellis Island "light" beer: 20oz of very cold, very refreshing beer.笑
Definitely a 'Quantity over Quality' place. $14.99 for a prime rib, fries, green salad, and 20oz. Good price. Didn't each much. I guess you get what you pay for. Wish I'd gone to Sizzler instead.笑
We returned to Ellis Island to get our favorite prime rib and the prices have all gone up a few dollars, the root beer is not included with the prime rib dinner and the prime rib was horrible.... not sure what happened but we won't be coming back.

Still clean and friendly staff笑
The only times I've come here is usually before the drive back to LA on Sunday morning after you have checked out of your hotel which means you make it on time for their special $5.99 Steak and Eggs. Place is usually busy during these times but it's well worth waiting for the Steak and Eggs special. You can just go play $5 blackjack tables or watch Sunday football during the nfl season if you need to wait. You get your steak which is decent and of course not the best but it will do. Also comes with your choice of eggs, toast and potatoes. Good combination and food for just $5.99. Just typing this makes me hungry and craving for this the next time I'm in Vegas.笑
The last time I went here was 6 months ago. I went for breakfast this morning and regret doing so. I go here a lot just not usually for breakfast. I don't think  I will again. Bad food and even worse service! I still like the rib joint just won't try the cafe again!笑
This place is AWESOME for food deals! I'm on a trip with my italian friends and one of them knew about this place. If you get a players card (FREE), you get a sweet discount on food at the cafe. I just had a 10oz sirloin steak- made perfectly, with a side of green beans and fries. It also comes with a salad to start and a free beer! All for $10!!!!!

A couple people in my group ordered meat loaf and they loved it. That was $7. 

You think bc of the way the casino looks that this place would be ghetto and the food would be gross. BUT...this place is a hidden gem!! Thank you to my new friend for telling us about this yummy spot. 

Make sure to eat here if you're in Vegas. Beats the $30 buffets for sure :)笑
Food was great but the service at night is rough! However the morning service was a better experience. Food is decently priced.笑
Wait was long but worth it. The 20oz steak was delicious. I highly recommend this place.笑
Stopped by for breakfast  on a whim.  I ordered the steak and eggs for $5.99 and it was delicious!  The steak was cooked perfectly and had a wonderful flavor. Eggs perfect, too!  Will definitely go again when in Las Vegas.  The server, Luis, was friendly and  gave perfect service.笑
So surprising!  Fantastic prices and very good breakfast in an unassuming location.  Doesn't look like much but it's a little jewel in the middle of action. We will return for sure- maybe tomorrow.笑
A must visit place for me whenever I go to Vegas. I've probably tired every item on the menu and I can say that there isn't one thing on there that I don't think is yummy. I mean the food is superb, the prices are way low, and they have some of the best craft beers, so what else can I ask for in a diner? I would much rather eat here than at a casino buffet. My only suggestion is to come during odd hours like late afternoon for lunch or really late night for dinner as the wait can get pretty long.笑
The clubs are closing. I'm starving, my feet are killing me, but I will drag myself to Ellis island for their steak and eggs combo if it kills me. It's worth it. The steak is just ok. It's what you should expect for the price. Passable. The eggs are.... Well, eggs. Not much to critique. The real star of the combo is actually not even in the name. It's the potatoes! I am in love with these breakfast potatoes! They're super crispy on the outside, almost like French fries -- the kind that leave an air bubble on the inside because they've blistered while crisping up. They get kudos for staying open late and extra brownie points for having cheap and tasty potatoes. I just wish the service could pick up the pace, and spruce the place up a bit will ya?笑
Drug here my my grandfather and step dad every time we visit Vegas. Once or twice a trip would be ok, but eating 5 times at the same place in one vacation a little much. However, everything I've eaten has been great except fish & chips (grease & chips) and I've had about everything on menu, breakfast lunch & dinner. Prime rib is really good. Honestly you can't go wrong. 

Not a fan on their root beer so I order something else. Service has always been acceptable and can't beat the prices.笑
The food is great, home style. Best prices we found in Vegas and the portions you got where large. The staff was wonderful and although very busy the night we where there they where always moving and checking on us. 
It is off the strip behind Bally's and we walked there, we would definitely go back.笑
$9.99 steak special. You must have a players card and play at least $5 in a slot. Go back to the kiosk, slide your card and select promotions. Select the steak special and it'll spit out your voucher. That's it. Very good 10oz filet. Mine was butterflied to facilitate cooking to medium well.笑
This cafe is where you will find every Vegas cab driver eating breakfast. Next time I want steak and eggs I will make sure not to ask a taxi driver lol Walked in with my 2 female friends around 7 am ( after dancing all night) and immediately we realized we were the only ladies in there surrounded by tables filled with cab men. It was quite an interesting dining experience. It was taxi cab confessions, all the men were discussing crazy cab stories so we just sat back and silently chuckled. 

The steak and eggs for $5.99 was worth the price...nothing to rave about. The waitress was friendly and you can tell she deals with these cab guys on a daily. The silver wear was DIRTY...like pretty nasty looking. I felt very awkward sitting in that cafe at that time, we were pretty much starred at our entire meal...as if we didn't belong. I'm going to let the locals keep this place as their gem and I'll continue my search for steak and eggs elsewhere.笑
This is one of the best places for breakfast, hands down. Steak and eggs for $7 and chicken fried steak for $8 is ridiculously cheap!  You get two eggs; two slices of toast and potatoes too. 
The food is very tasty and freshly cooked. 
Good cup of coffee and great wait staff. 
We ate there twice while in town and would definitely return the next time we're in Vegas笑
I went to Ellis Island at the recommendation of a friend and was rather impressed. It's a very casual atmosphere, there are some slot machines in the room as well as several tables to eat. The waiter was attentive, but not overly friendly. I got a steak, green beans, baked potato, and side salad with ranch for $9.99! In order to get this deal, you have to sign up for a Player's Card, which is free and only takes about 5 minutes to do. The meal was delicious and such a great deal. Next time I come to Vegas, I'll come back to Ellis Island for some more steak.笑
What an awful experience I had last night at this place! Let's just say that it wasn't my idea to come here in the first place but a friend of mine suggested it after we left a concert. I am all for giving places the benefit of doubt so with that being said I agreed! Let's talk about service and how it's completely non existent in this place. I believed we arrived maybe around 2:00 AM seated quickly but that's when the problems started. Our server this morning was JOEY and wow what a smart ass he was. I didn't appreciate his service at ALL. Our table had questions on the menu and he just had this nonchalant ass attitude with us and thought that it was funny. I specifically had my issue with him because I decided on the Italian style omelet and inquired about having it made with egg whites. I asked him if it was possible and he says of course but it will be a charge ranging from maybe $2-4? I'm thinking to myself how don't you know the FIRM ACTUAL up charge on this but whatever he checked with the source whomever that was and confirmed it was $2. You are the server so know your menu! I said that's no problem at all go ahead and order it! When our food came everybody's plate came correct but mine. Want to guess what didn't get done? Yep! My omelet came full of cholesterol and yellow as ever! It was clear that my simple request didn't get put in because he was to busy being so damn condescending. We brought this to his attention right away and he brought me a small plate to scoop my plate of potatoes on and the says "well do you want me to have them make it over" DUH wtf? After about 20 minutes I had finished my side order of pancakes and some of my friends plate because she felt bad that I still hadn't received my order. Another person in our party didn't et her wheat toast that came with her meal and had asked 3 times for it! Just a complete train wreck he was unapologetic for all this and then when our bill came we had a random 6oz New York steak and eggs added to our bill and I was double charged for my omelette. When again we brought this to his attention he says oh only the manager can fix this hold on, took the bill and went missing! After waiting about 10-15 minutes we still haven't got our correct bill so we spotted the manager TRICIA who was behind the scenes flagged her down and said can we get this done asap?! Her response was somewhat like she cared and when I pulled her to the side to let her know the unacceptable behavior from her serve JOEY and the lack of hospitality she apologized. Did nothing about the bill though they made sure they still collected them coins! Won't be back that's for sure!笑
Got the players card and everybody at my table got a steak.  It was really good and I am really picky about steak.  It's the best kept secret in Vegas.  We were going to go for breakfast but got lost.笑
Good food terrible service on my last visit (my last visit) I waited 45 minutes for a table then had the rudest server ever.  Go down the street to Silver sevens equally good food much better service and it's cheaper.笑
I had high hopes for this place and was seriously disappointed! It was recommended by a customer of mine and all the reviews looked good. I felt hoodwinked and bamboozled! Service was extremely slow. Our birthday girl's steak was mostly inedible (full of gristle)  mine was over cooked. The chicken parm was just OK. I always like to go to the place that the locals go to, this was a let down. I had a better meal on the strip!笑
I ordered the prime rib and glass of stout for $13.99. The meat was tender, juicy and flavorful. The green beans were good and didn't really care for the mashed potatoes, but after eating such a big steak, i had no room for potatoes anyway. The staff was friendly, helpful and prompt. Diner was delivered to our table within 10 mins. of being ordered. Overall it was a good dining experience笑
GREAT EATS! Waiter and Waitresses were amazing and so accommodating! Food...AWESOME..price even better! We came to vegas for 3 days and we came back here twice just to eat! Great Great Place for simple meal!笑
Ellis Island came jokingly recommended ...but after the jokes were over I  tried it & now Ellis Island made a regular out of me.  

It's got the "old Vegas" feel. Nothing fancy, just some good old fashion comfort food eats with the very inexpensive prices. It's a great value for your buck. The few times I've been, it's a little on the busier side but the service remains efficient and attentive. 

The breakfast is delicious & cheap . When You need to take a break from the big hotel breakfast/ buffets- take a stroll behind Ballys & come join everyone.笑
Been going here for years. Been here for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Breakfast the eggs and steak are good and have had many times.
The steak special that is not on the menu you just ask for the special , it is amazing, We have always loved this special. We remember when it was like 4.99 or 5.99! 
The steak always had the most amazing taste and flavor just like your eating a very expensive steak yet so much cheaper! Believe me we ate one night at a local steakhouse paid over $100 for 2 steak dinners and there was no comparison to the steaks we have always had here. And so much cheaper! The place is older not like in bellagio or one of the upscale hotels. Ellis island is a smaller casino off the strip and is a bit older without the glitch and glamour.. This cafe is not far from the front door and sometimes near dinner time the wait can get pretty long.
The only problem is service can take a little bit depending on when you go but it will be worth your wait.
Some nights you will hear when they start the Karaoke next door and get a good laugh out of some people who are singing.
If your here on Vacation make sure to make this a stop to try, we have brought many friends over the years who are hooked and they go everytime they are in town now.笑
You don't have to pay a mint to get a good meal in Vegas, and many of the smaller casinos actually offer up great meals as incentive to draw in players. My gf read about the $13.99 prime rib dinner they've go there, so we figured why not? 

This place is right off the Strip, on the main road behind Bally's. It was probably a fun hot spot back in the day, but now people only want to bother with what's currently hot. The restaurant is right up front when you walk in. There was a short wait since it's plenty busy, even on a Monday night. 

The restaurant decor could be best described as ancient and dated, resembling a relic from a bygone era no one cared to update. but why fake it here, right? This building is a relic, and even if the walls show signs of being redone three or four times over it still looks like somewhere my grandparents would eat. 

We both wanted the same thing - prime rib, served with a baked potato and green beans. And, best of all, a 20 oz. stein of beer. All for $13.99. That rules so hard. 

The prime rib was really great, cooked to a perfect medium rare and so soft and succulent. Each piece melted upon entering my mouth. My only complaint is that they use creamy horseradish instead of the real deal good stuff. Potato and beans were both great, too. The green beans weren't even overcooked. 

They brew all of their own beer here, and they've got all varieties covered. I went with their hefeweizen, which was unremarkable but tasted just like a good hef should. And to think, we got all this food/drink for under $30. Hard to beat a deal that good.笑
The food is really good and you literally cannot beat their prices. They also have a very decently priced Bloody Mary bar right outside the cafe that really hits the spot! And I can't forget the 1$ 20 oz beer during college basketball games!! The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the service was awful! My husband got up and refilled our coffee and I walked around the restraint and found creamer and condiments.笑
This is a review from November 2014. Sorry for the delay.

We visit here often whilst on vacation/holiday. It's just around the corner from where we stay and the cafe serves some good diner style food. Tonight we ordered the calamari special to share, then both opted for the southern fried chicken basket. The calamari was a mix of rings and babies, which was fine for us. I prefer rings, and the OH prefers the babies. The chicken was very nice, with a tasty crunch to the coating, and no excess grease. The chicken came with fries and coleslaw, both were good. On this occasion we had a wait of 35 minutes to be seated. The desk person gives you a little buzzer, which goes off when your table is ready. We whiled away the time by playing a few slots and watching the football fans in the sports book get excited. It was quite entertaining, and the time went quickly.笑
Steak and Eggs Special will draw you in after a night of parting but the continued deals and the quality of food will bring you back again and and again. It's so worth the price of $6.99; make sure to ask the waiter for the special. The home fries/potatoes are amazingly wonderful. In fact the whole menu is worth a look when you're not inebriated or on your way out of town. It's a very LOCALS location and it is right next to a cheapo hotel. But I love a bargain and I love good food and this is the place to go! It's open 24-hours and you have the benefit of being able to play some slots that are cheap and fun either before or after you eat.

I can guarantee that you will not be disappointed and a trip to Vegas in my mind is incomplete without my steak and eggs at least once.笑
Great great food and service! Hidden gem, worth the trip. You won't be disappointed.

Not to mention that it is 24/7 and the beer is delicious (and cheap!).笑
I love this place.  It's been around since Jesus was a child.  The food is amazing for the price.  I had Steak & Egg's with Hash Browns,  OJ & Coffee for $9.  The steak was tender and rare just the way I like it.  My go-to place whenever I'm in Vegas.  Warning - If you're bothered by cigarette smoke, you may want to avoid but if you can handle it, the food is so worth it.笑
This isn't the best place for food in Vegas, but it is THE best place for this type of food. The old school dining room is quintessential of what Las Vegas used to be 30 or 40 years ago and I'm sure nothing's changed through the years.

We've been coming here forever -- in fact, each time we've ever visited Vegas. Check my reviews for the Ellis Island Brewery of previous visits.

The thing to have is Steak & Eggs and after 11pm I think it is a mere $5.99. The steak dinner is $11.99 or $8.99 with a coupon and includes a piece of filet mignon, green beans and a baked potato. A soup or salad accompanies.

French toast is only $3.99.

This is the place to come if you've lost all your winnings and only have a few bucks in your pocket and wanted some decent food.

I highly suggest ordering one of their home brews. I love the stout and at around $2.50 it is one of the best deals around. And it's delicious too.

A favorite with me and now, my friends.笑
I've always loved this local spot for cheap old school style Vegas deals. 

However, this last time I came back, the service was really slow,  and the deals are not as good anymore. They still have the steak special, but you need to sign up for a member card and receive a coupon, which is a hassle and not open to everyone anymore I guess.笑
horrible service the whole staff cares less the food  is not that good at all the signatures burgers are a joke, McDonalds have better burgers笑
We order steak and burger, the steak made very good, the burger made very juice, we never try so good the food in the world. We recommend the people came here try.笑
You can not go wrong with a $6.99 8 Oz steak and eggs to cure any hang over.
It was recommended by local friends and now it's a tradition to have breekie here.
Parking is limited but I've always found parking in the front. 
The wait on a Thursday morning was about 5 minutes 
The steak was generous in size and was cooked to my liking. 
Service was friendly. 
Depending on where you are seated you may get the strong smell from the Casino.笑
Myself and 3 buddies were on a three day trip to Vegas. I had looked up Ellis Island on the Internet before we left and it was about 1/3 of a mile from the Flamingo, where we were staying, Ellis is a little off the Strip, but felt perfectly safe.  It is located next to a 7-11, so if you want to pick up a beer on the way back to the Strip, it makes it easy.

Ellis has a morning steak and eggs special with home-style potatoes and 2 slices of toast. A heck of a deal, and the steak is actually really good and the eggs I got were a perfect sunny side up. Not too runny. 

Ellis also brews their own beer, I got the IPA every time, plus you get a huge pilsner glass of it for $2.25. They also have a light, a stout, an amber and a hefeweizen.  Plus they have To-go cups. Score!

We ate here about 4 times, but it was too late for the breakfast special so I got the chicken Phillie hoagie, again, really well made. Lots of flavorful onions and peppers with juicy chicken and I got a $3 side salad with blue cheese, which hit the spot.

Our service was fantastic every time. We even had the same waitress three times. 

This place is a solid five star for what it is. Old school Vegas eating with quality food and cheap prices.  I usually got the breakfast special and 2 beers, and with tip it ran about $12 every time!

Each time we went at night, it was a 40 minute wait to get seated, so Ellis also has a pizza place and an awesome hoagie shop, both were very good back up plans!

Lots of laughs on a great trip with cheap, great food and beer!笑
Our whole family just got here few hours ago. They said it's going to be an hour of waiting. They ask for our contact number so we gave it. We waited for three hours and got no call nor messages. We went back and they said they don't have our information. And then it's going to be another an hour and half again! WHAT THE? Will not ever go back here again!笑
We must have came at a decent time with a 10 minute wait for dinner. It's nice because you get texted when your table is ready so you can be at the casino and hang out while you are waiting. We got seated at a table near the back but our waiter made sure that he always found us. Ricardo, super nice and very memorable, always refilling our drinks and hooking us up with the steak deal that you need to ask about that isn't on the menu. He was personable without being creepy and so genuinely caring that we were enjoying our meal. I had the salad with their homemade balsamic dressing and the soup since my boyfriend didn't want his, and it was so good. The steak, green beans, and mashed potatoes were excellent! I think this was the best meal we had in Vegas. No need to win money at the casino here when you will win with this dining experience. It's like I pulled all 3 cherries on the slot machine - taste of food, price, and service was just phenomenal. I will be back here when I come to Vegas and I'm gonna let everyone I know who's heading out to this way as well that this is a place they need to go to.笑
I came here twice in two days - that in & of itself is telling. Yelp strikes again and wow, they got it right! I came for lunch on a Saturday and was promptly seated and served by the wonderful Suzie - she was awesome. I had the prime rib and WOW. Only the San Franciscan rivals in comparison. It's cooked to perfection and the cut is HUGE! Unlike its pricey counterparts, their meals come with sides, soup, or salad. My entire meal was BOMB from start to finish. The prime rib was seasoned well, was moist and tender and the au jus and creamy horseradish were perfect compliments. Oh and those mashed potatoes and gravy....somebody catch me, I am falling!!!!! 

I brought my oldest kids with me the next day and it was packed! I put down my name on the list and they text you when your table is ready! I was told 10-15 minutes only for it to be less than a 5 minute wait. You gotta love it!

This visit was steak and shrimp for me, steak & eggs for my DIL and the hangover burger for my son. I also had the french onion soup. Another success!!! We all raved about the food, service, price points, and location. The soup, like everything else, is made from scratch and is by far, the best french onion I have ever tried. EVER. The broth was rich, flavorful, and full of onions. They put a hearty slice of bread and gruyere cheese on top and honestly, the soup could be a meal by itself. Our steaks were also well seasoned and cooked with an open flame, so it had a really nice char. The shrimp were not at all greasy and I did not get sick. SCORE!  Like my previous visit, the service was exemplary from start to finish. I absolutely love this place - this is my go-to casino and restaurant in LV from now on. Such a gem!!!!笑
The food was incredible and with great prices. I definitely recommend the prime rib. It's huge so you can share! Our bill for 2 was only $23.笑
My favorite place for late night steak and eggs in Vegas! It's only $6.99 and you get toast, eggs, NY steak, and potatoes! The only downside is that you don't get hash browns. :(

Sometimes there's a wait especially if you come after clubbing. But it's never too long. Great food for those drunchies. If you come sober though, don't expect much..笑
They had this great steak that are famous for. But has changed. Higher price lower quality. No more beer included. Must pay extra foe a roll. Steaks are pre-cooked like buffets.We ordered received salads and steak well done same time. Its not worth the trip like the old days.笑
Awesome, awesome price for Las Vegas!  Our family stayed at Bally's and the Cafe was just a short walk from our hotel.  The portion sizes are LARGE.  They are usually very busy because of all the good reviews and services.  So get there early!  We had the same waitress twice while we were there.  She was very warm and nice.  My husband had the bigger ham steak for breakfast he's ever had here!笑
Savory food that won't drain your wallet.  Ordered the chicken fried steak. Crispy breading, good gravy. My over medium eggs were cooked well done - should have ordered over easy. Speed of wait service was lagging however the waitress was genuinely friendly. I fully recommend Ellis Island Cafe!