Their patio is lovely and the servers and host are friendly and accommodating. Also, we ordered a pitcher of margaritas and they were quite good. However, the food was quite average. For instance, the fish tacos were bland and nondescript. I would not go here for the food, but I definitely recommend it as a great place to spend the afternoon chatting with friends.笑
Its a little frustrating to rate this restaurant as we had a fantastic time here. The setting, decor and ambiance is just lovely, I went here with a friend for food and cocktails. 
Cocktails were fab, we had one at the bar while waiting 15mins for our table and another with our meal. While our food was slow the waitress recognised this and was very attentive keeping us up to date.
The big but is that the food just isn't great, we both found the meals bland, the table side guac was the same and the chips were stale. Maybe 3 is a little unfair and if this was a bar not a restaurant I could forgive the food. But this is a restaurant and it is not a cheap one so this is too disappointing to ignore.笑
A beautiful place indeed El Catrin is and their patio on the perfect summer day?-- even better. The service was great and the food was good too (or descent I should say). In other words, I've had better.

My cousin and I ordered a pitcher of one of their 3 varieties of mojitos: traditional with rum, then there's with cuban rum if I'm not mistaken and/or a Brazilian take on the beverage-- we went for the traditional and boy did it hit the spot. ($35 for a pitcher as opposed to $10 for an individual drink which was more than enough between the two of us)

We tried their quinoa salad and it was ok. Nothing fascinating, but light and refreshing $9. Then we decided to try the tacos which were 3 for $15 or you can add a fourth for another $5 buckaroos. However we stuck with the 3 because I wasn't that hungry (even though I somehow ended up eating the 2/3 -_-). Unfortunately we couldn't order an assortment of tacos but rather 3 (or 4) of the same kind. So we had 3 of the Gabornador which was supposed to have shrimp and lobster among other ingredients, but to our dismay we mostly saw and tasted shrimps. I hate to say it but I've had better at seven lives in Kensington.

However all in all the place has an amazing atmoshpere and to be honest the prices for everything are great and extremely reasonable. I think it's hard not to have a good time at this place. 
My 4 star rating is more like a 3 and a 1/2 star rating but I really had a good time so I decided to round up.
Will definitely go back (and try other things on their menu).笑
We love everything about El Catrin! The atmosphere, the food, The patio! Everything about this location is perfect! Everything we had was awesome and so fresh (baha fish tacos, the pulled chicken tacos, the guac, the ahi tuna tostadas)! Big recommendation for anyone spending time in the distillery downtown. The service was quick, friendly and thorough and even if it was slow we would have enjoyed taking in all of the decor! Two thumbs up!!!笑
Wow this place sure packs house! despite trying to make a reservation a week in advance (on a week day) the only spot we could book was early evening. I should have known better as Canada has a penchant for Mexican food.
The place is gorgeous both inside and out and the location only adds to the ambiance and adds je ne sais quoi which is hard to replicate in the city.
On to the menu there are your mainstream items that are somewhat well known and then there are some non traditional take classic items (nothing that borders on exotic what would qualify it as exotic)
The drink menu represents the region well and there is a long list of Tequila and Mezcal, some regional beers (could be improved a bit) and then the obligatory cocktails like Margarita etc.
We started with a gucamole (made table side and quite nice) ordered it spicy and added a round of Margaritas and beer. 
After deliberating a bit we settled on a cactus salad (decent), crab cake (poor), ceviche with oysters and other seafood (decent) for starters. For the main some of us stuck to seafood tacos (under seasoned IMO) and beef rib (done nicely). The portions are on the smaller side so I would recommend ordering 3 mains for 2 persons. 
Desserts are cash grab IMO here as they were disappointing and minuscule (one can do a lot better by just opting to have desserts at spots nearby) the chocolate bar was bite sized and the raisin bread was just overly sweet and didn't do anything for me. 
The food is middling I would say though it will appeal to the local palate and they will pack the house day after day. I would say two stars for the food with a half star thrown in for the ambiance.笑
This place is a HUGE GIANT BIG FAT DISAPPOINTMENT. 

Firstly, if you make a reservation, as I did, be advised that you have completely wasted your time. Your reservation means nothing to the tarty twits at the reso desk. They will point and tell you to "line up over there" for the patio, reservation or not. Who comes to this place to sit inside? And why don't you just tell Open Table to advise that a reso doesn't mean anything for the patio? It's just plain wrong. 

Seated inside to avoid the hour wait, I ordered a mango FRUTAS FRESCA margarita. If you have even a cursory knowledge of Spanish, you know that Frutas Fresca means fresh fruit. In fact, it even says on the menu "FRUTAS FRESCA - FRESH FRUIT $11 GLASS" in all caps. So why was the mango in my glass crunchy, mealy, and riddled with ice crystals? The drink was fine, but I didn't get to enjoy the quality Tequila Tromba is was supposed to contain, probably because of that melting icey defrosting fruit watering down the drink. This is just plain wrong.

As for the food, we ordered a couple plates to share as apps and promptly gave up. It's laughable, not even worth talking about. Three tiny bite-size tacos for $15? Not even two bite tacos, literally one bite? And not a very tasty bite? If you are going to wait an hour, go some place better than this. It's just plain wrong. 

I have no idea how this place has ever garnered a positive review.  It's the type of place that my friends apologized for taking me to, even though it was my idea to go there. Skip it, and go somewhere where they know what FRESH means.笑
By far the best Mexican food in Toronto. The Tres Cochinitos almost made me cry it was so good. All of the food was great. The atmosphere is cool. Lots of good beer. Friendly staff. I will be going back many times. Try to go during the Christmas Market - very cool experience笑
The atmosphere here, especially on the patio, wins. The wait to get on the patio sucks. They don't allow you to pick a number and go wander while you wait. Instead, you have to stand in line the ENTIRE time. I've been here when I waited almost 2 hours and I've also been here when there was no wait. My experience with the latter was definitely better. 

My favourite thing here is not their tacos or main dishes, but rather their guacamole. They make it spicy and mash it in front of your eyes. So fresh and so chunky - it's perfect. Their mojito pictures are also really good - just be sure to give it a really good stir or else you'll end up with only tequila at the bottom笑
Flavourful food and friendly and accommodating staff. This is definitely a tapas restaurant. Therefore, portions are small, so I didn't find it all that filling. I ordered a burrito and they fooled me by saying that it was big, but it was actually quite small! It's okay though, the flavours were there.

Anyway, I went during the Christmas Market on a Saturday, so the wait was about 30 minutes or so. The atmosphere was very lively, with high ceilings, quite loud like a cafeteria almost. Pricing was okay, but a bit on the high side since it is located in the Distillery District. 

I'd probably want to try other restaurants if I'm in the area again.笑
My friends and I came here before a show for dinner. We often go to Barrio Coreano, which to my understanding is under the same umbrella of restaurants as El Catrin, and we absolutely adore the place. To be honest, we were surprisingly disappointed by the food. 
We ordered one of the pork tacos, the mushroom tacos, and the shrimp and lobster tacos. The seafood one was probably the worst one of the three. The shrimp was flavourless and just covered in cheap chipotle mayo. The mushroom and the pork tacos were greasy but in comparison to the other one they were fine. 
At the end of the meal, the server did take off the shrimp and lobster tacos which is great service on their part. We really appreciated that.
The patio and restaurant interior are gorgeous. Too bad we didn't have the food to enjoy it with!笑
I love the vibe is El Catrin! Take me back to Maxico!  
Went there with some friends and we ordered to share! We had the love boat, Baha tacos, burritos and the steak! Everything on the menu was amazing! 

As for the drinks, they have the best mojitos in town! 

A great place for a Saturday night!笑
Awesome food, great drinks, amazing decor. Totally fun!

A friend took me here for a birthday lunch in the fall with a couple other people. It was a weekday so it was pretty empty which was great for us. I had the lobster tacos and we all shared some chips and guac and spiced nuts before our plates came. Super yummy! I had a drink too, can't remember what it was (something like a watermelon margarita with a spicy salt rim) but it was pretty darn tasty...and strong! My friend even treated us to tequila at the end of the meal. We were really impressed. I'm not a big tequila aficionado or anything, but my friend knows a thing or two and chose a good one. The server came to the table with a shot glass for each  and poured it from a super tall clear bottle, I imagine it was a decanter of sorts for the tequila. Having only had cheaper stuff at bars and cheap bottles from the LCBO, it was a real treat! Smooth and slightly sweet. Very good. I can only imagine how good the rest of their bar stock is!

I'd love to come back and try other dishes and more cocktails. Highly recommended, it's probably even better in the summer on the patio.笑
The old Boiler House in the distillery district is now El Catrin, a Mexican restaurant.  El Catrin kept the beautiful wooden structure of the previous restaurant but added some flair with colourful wall paintings and other Mexican-themed decor.  They also have a beautiful patio area that is heated for the colder months.

The online reservation system through Open Table does not allow large bookings greater than 8 unless it is booked over the phone.  Upon calling El Catrin, they said that they do not take reservations for the patio area unfortunately.  

The service and tacos were just a-okay.  We waited a long time for our server to to come by and take drink orders and often had to flag her down.  It seemed like she was multi-tasking many different things although the restaurant did not seem so busy on the inside.  The guacamole was made fresh in front of us and that was delicious.  We tried all of the tacos and thought they were quite hit or miss.  There's a beef one that has a ground beef mush that was quite flavourless, and their fish taco was served on a rather bland flour tortilla that reminds me of store-bought tortillas.  

I'm not a huge spice fan, but what I was missing the entire night was sauces, which I think is one of the best parts of Mexican cuisine.  Where's the salsa, and the hot sauce?  In all fairness, we didn't ask for any but that was because we had a hard time as it was flagging our server down.  I thought that salsa and hot sauce was standard when it came to Mexican food.  At least that's the bar that was set by all the famous Mexican stand-up comedians.

I'd come back to El Catrin to check out their patio and next time I'd hold off on the tacos and try their other dishes, which I hear from others is better than their tacos.笑
Great service, great atmosphere and great food. Cocktails were really impressive. I'm a Toronto local and I'm not impressed by the tourist trap places but I really enjoyed everything. Luis was our bartender and his special cocktail was really great - tequila, pear, orgeat and a few other ingredients. Really impressive. Luis was really great too. He really attentive , made good recommendations and was very knowledgable. I would highly recommend for a nagging out, special occasion or event..., or multiple margaritas :)笑
I'll start by saying the ambiance is beautiful - amazing interior, perfect patio, and great location (Distillery). BUT...that's where the good things end.

The service at El Catrin has always been poor. I've been 6 or 7 times, and almost every single visit a server has mixed up the order. It's also very slow...so if you're hungry or value your time, don't bother. Most importantly, however, is the food. What started as a delicious menu 2 years ago has steadily declined into tasteless and bland dishes. To top it all off? The last time I went (a couple weeks ago) I got food poisoning. In summary, if you want a good drink on a patio, go for it. But if you want food...stay FAR away.笑
Food was good but a bit expensive for small portions of relatively cheap Mexican food. Service was excellent. Sides of rice were very expensive for about the size of a ramekin. Never a good feeling to be over charged for the cheapest thing. Decor is great. I would not run back. There are better options in the city.笑
My parents were visiting Toronto for a couple of days from up north and my partner and I decided to take them here after a long and sweaty day touring the Distillery District. Turned out one of the hostesses was from our hometown and, for that reason, later brought over complimentary flights of tequila for us! We had such a great time and would highly recommend this place to anyone who loves good Mexican, refreshing margaritas, or friendly staff.笑
Great Ambiance b u t food portions are too small. My boyfriend had to order 2 dishes. I had the taster. It was very filling. Too much food but it was $45.00. Had a great night w friends.笑
Holy shamoley! This place was awesome, The food was amazing, the drinks were great, the ambiance was super fun and the staff was attentive and friendly. They did EVERYTHING right! Had the tacos, roasted corn guac. SO GOOD!笑
I travel all over North America and always try the local Mexican restaurants. I was so pleased to discover El Catrin! We tried a wide variety of tacos and the guac. All delicious. The margaritas were excellent too. Fortunately, it was a sunny day so we could enjoy the patio. I have to say I wanted to come back that night to sit in the bar for dinner and drinks. The decor at the bar was incredible.笑
Ever since my friends took me to El Catrin the first time, I fell in love with the food, friendly service and the lively atmosphere! And it's always my first choice for group parties. But the hostess who took my phone call the other night should really learn about customer service. She wasn't very polite and I was trying to make a reservation for 12 for next month and she said I can't make the reservation. Like really? I just booked a group party of 12 few weeks ago and the hostess said she'd need a manager's approval then she took my information and called me back in 10 mins to inform me she made my reso and even asked for if any one of the guests has allergies so she could put in it the note. 

Lets talk about my last walk-in experience with my boyfriend in El Catrin. 
We waited in line for the patio since it didnt look like a ling wait. 15 mins later we got a table at the corner which was very cozy! The waitress came greet us once we sat down and poured us water. She was very friendly and explained the dishes to us. Our glasses were never empty! And she came check with us very often! We ordered few things: 

Guacamole: 5/5 fresh made by table side! I even asked the server if she was tired keep doing that all day :p 

Distilleria salad: 4/5 Papaya, mango and I don't remember what's in it but it was sweet and sour. Very refreshing!

Watermelon ceviche: 5/5 I'm not exactly a fish person but this one was so flavourful that I just couldn't stop eating!  

Beef cheek: 5/5 braised 24 hours and it was amazing! It totally melted in my mouth!!! The hostess gave very good recommendations :) 

Shrimp and lobster taco: 5/5 I always love this taco. It's the best taco I ever had. My bf loved it once he had the first bite. His eyes were wide opened!! Yeah people this is the dish you MUST order! 

Fish taco: 5/5 no doubt is the best fish taco in Toronto! Fried cod with cole slaw, yummmmm! The fried cod wasn't oily and the portion of the cod was huge!!!

Mayan Margarita: 5/5 The margaritas here are so good! This time I tried Mayan margarita which was sweet and sour. Totally my thing!  

Mojito: boyfriend ordered it. I was never a mojito fan but I had a sip and it was really good. So I'll give a 4/5! 

It was my boyfriend first time here and he was amazed. By the decor, the cute patio, the delicious food and the friendly staff. He said this is the best Mexican food he had in Toronto but it was a bit pricey. Well I mean it's tapas style, have you ever been to any tapas style restaurant that is cheap as hell? I rest my case 

Overall, everything is 5 stars but because the hostess who took my call the other night wasn't very friendly, 3 stars it is.笑
Good food but not too many vegetarian options. Best guacamole and chips I've had - they make it for you fresh on your table! Good service. Gets busy so get a reservation.笑
Food is very fresh, but pricey. I had the "trio" appetizer, which was 3 smallish (4-5 bites each, about 3 inches in diameter) bowls of different fish with salsas and sauces topping them. Luckily I had already eaten earlier so I wasn't that hungry.

Service was fine and the drinks were good. I had a tequila cocktail that was tasty.

Reservations recommended. We came in at 6:30 and ended up having to wait until 9:30 for a party of two. Luckily there are a bunch of bars and shops in the distillery district so it wasn't a big deal to wait.

The decor is really cool, and the patio looked like it would be awesome in the warmer months.笑
The number one reason I come to a restaurant is because of its food, and this food left me hungry and disappointed. In general, The atmosphere, service, etc. are secondary.

A group of us came here last night, and we were quite disappointed. The food was over-priced tapas style and in our opinion, not very good. The 6 inch tacos are were tasteless, bare and tiny. The shrimp ceviche was extremely salty and inedible. The sliced steak had many inedible parts with fat, these shouldn't be served to patrons. 

The atmosphere was very nice and unique. The music inside was far too loud, so loud that you had to yell at the person beside you. It's not a nightclub, it is atmospheric music, turn it down a bit.

The service was slow. The staff didn't check up enough on customers to see if everything was going well. They offered us "complimentary" ice cream to make up for the bad food but they bill for it on the final bill.笑
ugh i'm getting increasing irritated by restaurants that serve crappy food. 

The guac here is not very special. they bring it with all the ingredients separate and make it in front of you - but srsly I can make guac easily better than that. we had... two different tacos. the shrimp/lobster one was the best!!! it was so yum, spicy and fresh. the fish one wasn't all that. oh and the waitress recommended some corn thing.. ok it was three little sauce container worth of warm canned corn with some speck of sauce and green onion on it. really??? that's what i'm eating?

Oh, and the beer was warm.

Shrimp taco yes, everything else, nope.笑
I have always wanted to come try this place, especially when I am here at distillery district every year for their Xmas Market. In a short sentence, they have decent food but terrible service. I guess restaurants do not like big group and El Catrin is def one of them.

We are a group of 20 celebrating my friend's 30th birthday. They have advised us previously with this size of group only prix fixe menu is possible, either $45 or $60 and we opted for the $45 one.

We were seated at a private area on the 2nd floor of the restaurant and this is how everything went wrong. Chemistry lesson, heat rises and cold air falls, def is what I have learned from El Catrin's design. For the full 3.5 hours slow dining experience, 20 people were literally put in a steam room situation. When we inquired the server if the heat can be turned down a bit, she said "I know! I work here all day! We will try to turn off once in a while!" There was hardly any empathy in her tone or expressions. Ok we get it, your restaurant's design sucks and obviously enough people have complained about it but do not give us that "I have heard this 100 times" attitude. The restaurant terrible design is not your fault but you do have a responsibility to ensure your guests having a good time, perhaps by acknowledging and showing genuine empathy? 

This prix fixes menu has no options for diners to pick, which is fine, but what we do not get is how would the food take this long to be served if you know in advance what to prepare? Tough question.

Everyone gets one pull pork taco and one fish taco as the main course. One person in our group does not eat pork and so she could not take the pull pork taco. We asked the server if they can serve her two fish tacos and skip one pork instead. We were told that is only possible if they charge that extra fish taco on us. Hmm actually, that is not called an extra taco but just a little request to accommodate your guest. But per El Catrin's service: Only if you pay, even a big group big bill w embedded 18% gratitude charge.

Finally the bill came, which we just could not wait to leave at this point. We were advised previously splitting bill is not feasible. We did our own math and told the server to walk around the table and collect an equal portion from each guest since some people are paying cards which she could easily walk around with her portable card machine. She went: Sure, if you want to wait for another 45mins for me to walk around.

So that was the service I got. 

Food was good and I think enough yelpers have provided a lot of good unbiased reviews for them. Unfortunately, it was such an unpleasant experience that has prevented us from really enjoying the food. In short, I recommend their guacamole, quinoa salad, baja taco. They are done pretty well. The highlight was esquites, it is some charred corns off the cob put in a shot glass with cheese and some really amazing sauce in it. Everyone in our group loved it. 

Obviously, both food and service is essential during a dining experience. Yes their food is good but their service is truly terrible. Do not come here if you have a big group. It is going to ruin your night, and if you sit upstairs, your appetite will def be gone by how hot it is. I am sorry for all the complains I wrote but I am def even more sorry for anyone who comes here and receives bad service. That being said, I would still come back w a smaller group for their food.笑
Went with a group of 7 for dinner on a weeknight. 

Pros
- tasty guacamole! they make it fresh in front of you
- servers were attentive
- i really liked the lobster/shrimp taco + baja taco
- great outdoor seating area (big tables available for groups)
- fun music
- romantic once the sun come down

Cons
- hostess insisted that we wait in line for the outside seating area... and didn't let us go to the bar inside to grab drinks though we made resos. 
- cocktails were okay - wouldn't recommend the cucumber one,  mjoito was good!
-  do NOT get the brownie - it wasn't sweet.. tasted like spicy curry to me.

Fun place for good food!笑
This is a great hang out place after work or on the weekend with friends. We came here on a Monday night just my hubby and I. It wasn't overly busy with just a few tables and some people sitting at the bar. We decided to go for the 7 course tasting menu for $43.00 pp. It was the right amount of food for the both of us (considering I have a big appetite.....I was very full at the end). The portions weren't overly generously but they were very satisfying. The server was very nice - she actually remembered our names and addressed us by our first names for the entire meal. Now onto the food.....we started off with tortilla chips and dip....salsa ceviche and another couple of dips. It was very addictive and I wanted more chips to finish off the dips....we also had the ENSALADA DE KIKO which was a salad with quinoa, tomato, cucumber, avocado, queso fresco, cilantro, smoked corn aioli, followed by ESQUÍTES - charred corn off the cob, epazote, chipotle aioli, lime. Next we had the fish and pork tacos. The fish tacos were really good. The cod was lightly battered, warm, crispy and fried - beer batter, chipotle lime coleslaw, flour tortilla, chipotle sauce. My hubby and I loved it we couldn't stop raving about them. The pork taco was ok tasted alot like "Cha Shui" which is Asian BBQ pork in a tortilla wrap. We also tried the braised beef. The best part was the fat. I found the beef to be too lean and it was a bit chewy. It came with some sort of melon much like a wintermelon taste. The dessert was either churro or vanilla sponge cake - chef's choice. We had the vanilla sponge cake topped with caremel popcorn. It wasn't too heavy or rich - quite light and the whip cream on top was just sweet enough when mixed with the popcorn. Overall, we were very satisfied with the meal and definitely come back in the summer and sit on the patio. It's located in the Distillery - beautiful space with restaurants and little local shops. It was a pleasant evening.笑
Everything that everyone else said...small portions,  pricey, tasted good, BUT, 9 people in our party...7 were done eating before the last two got their food. LOUD music. I'm  guessing there are better choices.笑
My favourite restaurant in Toronto! Gorgeous ambiance and high quality Mexican dishes. Smaller plates are great for sharing, and the variety of margaritas and mojitos always impress. More expensive than most of the other Mexican restaurants in the city but understandable given the quality of the food and space.笑
Not sure why all the negative press about this place.  Granted, we went on  Monday afternoon and the patio was only half full, so we got everyone's full attention.  

The patio is expansive, and could seat, I dunno, maybe 200 patrons?  Good mix of sun and shade as The Distillery district can get super warm on a sunny summer day.

We ordered guacamole and chips, the guacamole is made fresh table-side and was excellent.  Our server made some great suggestions for specialty drinks and was equally helpful in discussing other venues in the District at which we were looking at hosting an event.

Didnt try any entrees but will definately be back.笑
I see a lot of mixed reviews. I took this place for what it is unique tapas pub food in a very cool atmosphere. The ambiance keeps it fresh. Had the 9 course tasting menu. Some were great some not so much. Baja tacos amazing!! Watermelon not so much (at least not in a tasting menu)笑
Great place!! Great ambience... Super food.. Loved my Margarita and Chicken Burrito.. Small portions but very good taste...笑
I was hoping for more from El Catrin. It's supposed to be the cool-spot, and highly recommended by all these TO bloggers... nah. It probably just has great marketing/pr peeps offering free lunches to these TO bloggers for positive reviews.

They have an attractive patio, and the inside is decorated quite brightly, these Mexican fluorescent muralist style art covers their tall walls, some beautiful Mexican art ceramics and antiquey items are scattered about - the interior decorator did well.

We ordered Ensalada de Kiko, Ceviche Sierra, and some tacos (Pastor & Cochinita Pibil) for lunch:
-Ensalada de Kiko was plain - I've never complained about too much Quinoa (I come from Peru, we've been eating Quinoa for centuries). This was the most insipid Quinoa salad I've ever had - there was no dressing, no lime juice, nothing to give this salad flavour. With all the fresh ingredients this salad brings, there was nothing to bring all these flavours together. Which "Chef" is responsible for this? Please review this menu item.
-The ceviche portions were tiny, the seafood was overcooked (in the lime) and lacked flavour. Seriously underwhelming.
-The meat in the tacos was flavorless and lacked proper seasoning, nothing good to write about.

I was truly disappointed. If you want a good place to eat, don't come here.
If you want a trendy looking place to show off to your followers on Instagram -come here, your pics will look "cool" - but that's about as good as it gets for you.笑
I'm going to preface this review by saying that it wasn't really about the food (see below why) that I gave them 3 stars.

A couple of Yelp Elites and I went to El Catrin around 10:30 pm. There was a line up outside for no reason as there were plenty to empty seats. By the time we got to the front of the line we were told at 10:45 pm that the kitchen would be closing in 15 mins. Not only did it take us 15 mins to be told this but when we decide to stay, it took them another 6 mins to seat us. Albeit we are a large group (around 15-18 people) but there were SO many empty seats I nearly sat down where ever I pleased. Upon FINALLY being seated we were told that we now had 9 mins to order.

I couldn't deal with the pressure of a ticking time bomb so just decided to order the vegetarian burrito (I know, who does that right?). In case you were wondering, yes, yes it was a mistake. The food is tapa style which was good as my burrito ordeal was over before it began it just 2 bites. I glanced over at other dishes my Yelp mates had ordered and the fish taco looked good and so I might return for that. 

Food came out fast, staff was really nice and polite. It was just the seating delay that ruined the whole night but I suppose the did the best the could with bringing the food out pronto! I'll have to update this review when I go back for round 2. 

Oh and decor is nice but really need to enjoy it on the patio next to the fire pit which sadly we did not benefit from due to the seating fiasco.笑
5 stars (maybe even 6) on the effort that they have put into decor - the owners brought in a Mexican street artist (Oscar Flores) to work on the restaurant for several weeks and it's really something. Dia de Muertos (Day of the dead) all the way - you have trippy skulls on the wall, vibrant hand painted murals, a central fire pit on the patio, bright mexican textile details where you sit and magical hanging lanterns as you walk through to the patio. Attention-grabbing. Aesthetically speaking it is a good summer spot to dazzle a tourist or date.

4 stars on the food quality - The owners have brought in a chef from Mexico City (Olivier Le Calvez) and the taste and freshness is high standard. When you look at the (huge) menu, you will feel like trying everything. We sampled many dishes (cubetas w drunken salsa, octopus tacos, tuna tostada, guac etc.) and got a pitcher of watermelon margarita (loved it). 

2.5 stars on value - A highlight  of our meal was the ceviche trio, but of course there was about enough food to fill a tooth. One of our tuna ceviches was mixed in with a lot of watermelon, which yes was intentional and yes, paired nicely with the tuna but it also conveniently reduced the amount of fish in the dish. Sure the cost of fresh seafood in Toronto can be high but I don't know- this just wasn't a good dish to splIt with more than 2 people. Same deal with the tuna tostados we sampled. 

The lowlight was the burrito.This was the opposite of my big fat burrito. More like my little anorexic burrito (and it was also the least interesting tasting thing that we sampled). Again, I understand that this is tapas-style and is more upscale than your typical neighbourhood Mexican restaurant, but it was disappointing. Bottom line: I believe that the idea of a burrito and the tapas aesthetic cannot be reconciled.

Other notes: 
-pretty good service
-it may seem obvious, but I'm going to say it anyways: don't come super hungry unless you have a small appetite or don't mind dropping bills
- if I go back it would be with one other person vs. in a group笑
Excellent margaritas and the guacamole is a must have! 
The tacos are a bit small. The pastor tacos were good but lacked seasoning and the el Catrin salad was just okay. 
Overall I will be back to try out the rest of the menu and experience the patio during the warm weather.笑
Extremely beautiful decor! Loved the atmosphere as well. However, food, very sadly is not up to par! Ordered 3-4 different kids of tacos and guac and I would not pay that much to have those tacos again. Would go back but only to have drinks and to enjoy the beautiful decor but not sure if that's actually worth it considering there are a lot more amazing food places around in Toronto.笑
Favourite Tapas & Sangria place in Toronto. I've been here many times and it never disappoints.笑
So much potential, just terrible service and average food. 
Went to El Catrin last night for dinner and drinks with a friend. 
We got the guacamole to start which is made table side. 
First suggestion... Let the chefs make the gauc rather than have the server spend their time trying to mash avocados. 
We ended up with massive chunks of avocados, which made dipping the chips pretty annoying. 
We also asked for hot sauce for our gauc, which showed up 15 minutes later after we had already finished the guacamole. 

My 3 fish tacos then came out, one of which was a nice sized piece of fish, and the other two were tiny. 
Of course I waited patiently to eat until about 10 minutes later when my friends meal finally came out. 

It really is too bad because they have a great patio, which is why I gave the two stars.笑
I have been to El Catrin several times for brunch, lunch, dinner and drinks.  Food is always fantastic; fresh, light, zesty and plentiful.  I get where the negative reviews about the authenticity and portion size come from, we live in a society of people that over eat all the time and call Tex-Mex Mexican!  Go in with a open mind and you will have a great time.  Also, the desserts are killer! Especially the Mexican chocolate bar, just make sure you ask how to eat it correctly!笑
I enjoyed my experience at El Catrin overall. I loved the decor and ambiance more than the food. It was good but not great. I'd go back if i'm in the area.笑
High-end Mexican.  You don't really think about putting gastronomy and Mexican in the same sentence, but that's what you get at El Catrin, absolutely great food and a wonderful, lively ambiance.  All of this doesn't come without a price, but you only go around once.笑
This place deserved 10 stars! Best experience I've had at a Mexican place in years! The restaurant is beautiful inside and has a lovely patio even in mid November with heaters. The food was a 10/10 especially their seafood tacos (Baja and shrimp) soooo good and mouth watering!!!! Guac and chips were amazing.. This place is good for large groups too. Don't hesitate to try this place out its tucked into the distillery district and well worth the wait times.笑
Lovely ambience. The decor is quite unique with high ceilings. To top it off,  the Mexican food is good. It's great for a date or celebrating a special occasion. Given it is tapas style, the bill will be on the higher side.笑
After hearing mixed reviews on El Catrin Destileria, my friend and I decided to check it out for ourselves for dinner on a Saturday night.  

Before even entering the restaurant, I could hear the lively music as we got closer(already much different from the usual quiet and serene feel of the distillery district).  It was actually quite a pleasant surprise as I have always felt that the distillery as a whole has never been utilized to its full potential, as most of the restaurants close quite early (between 10-11pm), and there are not many options with respect to having a later dinner and/or staying out for a few drinks in the area, besides Mill Street and Stirling Room - so it was nice to see a restaurant in the area keeping its doors open until 1am... I truly believe this restaurant is exactly what the area needed as it seemed to bring life to the entire district.   

The restaurant was extremely busy, and even so, there was a line of people waiting for tables (if any were to become available) running all the way down the entrance alleyway and around the corner.  Luckily for us, we had made a reservation....

Although there was some confusion on the part of the hostesses with regards to the reservation time, and whether we were to be seated inside or outside - which actually led to us waiting at the bar for a few drinks prior to being seated - our friendly bartender Greg was able to resolve the issue, and it was only a matter of time before he had everything sorted out and we were seated on the heated patio. 

I must say that the restaurant both inside and out is absolutely stunning, with a very energetic vibe and friendly and inviting ambiance.  I was told by the bartender (during our wait for our table) that all of the furniture, including the light fixtures were all imported from Mexico, and that the vibrant floor to ceiling mural on the main wall was actually handpainted by artists who were flown in from Mexico.  Out on the patio, the light fixtures and furniture continue with the colourful mexican theme....but what really makes the patio stand out is the open fire pit which is situated in its centre.  Albeit mid-October, the patio was well-heated and really let us hang on to the remains of summer.  With the cobblestone pathways of the distillery, coupled with the colourful furniture of El Catrin, you almost forget that you are in Toronto.
 
The tapas style menu was also quite impressive, with its array of tacos, ceviches, burritos and various appetizers.  I definitely recommend the guacamole en la mesa, made with avocado, tomato, onion, chili and cilantro.  Our waiter mashed up the guacamole at our table and served it with warm tortilla chips.  The drinks list is also very extensive...including margaritas, sangria, tequila, mojitos, and various cocktails...


Overall, I feel that El Catrin is definitely not just another Mexican restaurant 'popping up in this city', but rather it is truly a unique experience!笑
Beautiful decor. That's the main thing you will like about this place. It's classy. They've got pretty phenomenal wall art and what looks like laser-cut steel interior walls that are incredibly impressive, all under a massively vaulted ceiling. Just look at that wall behind the bar. It's amazing. The food is good, too. Upscale tacos with upscale prices. The guacamole I had was superb. Not cheap, so don't walk in here looking for a bargain. Do walk in here with a date or someone you want to impress.笑
Wifey brought me here for my birthday for dinner.  The atmosphere is super nice.  The inside looked awesome and the patio looked nice too.  The food was absolutely delicious.  Started with the guac and it tasted great.  Next up was a variety of tacos and other small bites which all tasted amazing.  Dessert was a trio of ice creams and I cried tears of joy as each scoop melted in my mouth.  Kinda pricey here but it was so worth it!笑
We went to El Catrin last week for our 5 year anniversary because everyone I know recommended it. We have never been there and upon entering we thought it was cute. The host confirmed that it was our first time here and we got seated. This is where it went down hill. Our server never asked us if we've been before nor did he suggest that the way it works is that it's small portions that are meant to be shared and that we should order several items. Not knowing that we ordered 1 item each, the cornish hen and the chicken tacos. When the food eventually came out it was small, which I guess is the reason you're suppose to order several items. We tried the chicken tacos first as they looked delicious. What we discovered is the taste was off and reminded me of something that dog food should taste like. Something was off and we couldn't put our finger on it. Second we tried the cornish hen, which actually wasn't bad. The meat was cooked well and it had a nice taste. I was disappointed over how the whole experience didn't go as planned and we paid our bill and left shortly after. Honestly I expected more and was disappointed and felt like our anniversary was kind of ruined and wished we just stayed home. Perhaps we just had bad luck but who knows.笑
Decided to try this out before a Yelp event.  Oh m - how delicious!  We decided to get a few plates to share - the lobster/shrimp tacos were delicious and spicy and saucy and just everything nice!  The chicken burritos were ok...a little small for being share plates.  We tried the guac and chips and I think I died and went to heaven.  It was so fresh and light and just like heaven on a chip.  It really makes the supermarket guac go to SHAME.  

The drinks were lovely, the decor is stunning.  In the summer they have the patio section open in the front, which is pretty huge so I can't wait to go back and try a few things from their menu.

We did try the fried crickets (yes they have them as an addition)..you can get them smashed into your guac, which is what we did and it added a nice crunchy texture to it.   For the Distillery District this place is pretty cheap so I will definitely make a run back - maybe for brunch this time笑
Ambiance is interesting - funky mexican decor and great patio for the Distillery but I've definitely had better Mexican food.  It's mediocre at best, compared to what else is available in the city.  It's a typical tourist trap with all the sizzle and no substance.  If you are going to spend the money, find something better.  They could also loose the attitude.  Yes, they are in a popular area, and yes, unfortunately people are going to flock there no matter how bad the customer service or food is but there are better choices out there.笑
What a fun Mexican place in the Distillery district! 

Note: if you want a spot on the patio on a nice day, be prepared to climb out of bed and wait by the door for when it opens! We arrived yesterday around 5:30 (we had a reservation) however, that does not apply to the patio and the line up for the outdoors was over an hour long!! I've never been the waiting type so we made our way inside and took a table there. 

The interior to this place is very unique and cool. The servers have their faces painted and they're all very friendly. 

We started with a watermelon margarita which was freakin' fantastic! Fresh watermelon on the bottom - infused with tequila. Mmmmmmm!!! Also, we ordered some guacamole which is mixed table side (reminds me of my Texas days). I personally find mine to be more flavorful however, mix some of the table salsa to it and it's a nice concoction. 

The tuna tostadas were so incredible fresh and tasty that we ordered another round. 

**warning** - if you're hungry, be prepared to order A LOT, these are tapa style portions and it's so good that they're over so quickly. 

For "entrees" we ordered the pulled pork tacos (which were the fav) and the pulled chicken mini burritos.

Once again, everything was tasty, service was great but itty bitty portions. Fab Mexican spot in the city!!笑
Have been here a few times and have had mixed experiences. I will write about the last time I came.

Arrived with three friends and were seated promptly and the patio is incredibly stunning, as is the interior. 

We had a pitcher of one of the special house margaritas the server recommended. I enjoyed it as it was an interesting mix of spicy/tanginess/sweetness but my friends did not particularly enjoy theirs. 

We only ordered the chicken tacos, and honestly I can only say they were unexceptional at best. Seemed like the only thing inside the taco was chicken and some cilantro, not overly flavourful or memorable. 

Overall, nice place for a date or to enjoy their amazing atmosphere, but after eating here a few times I think there are much better options for tacos/mexican cuisine that offer more bang for your buck.笑
My friend and I came across this restaurant, while we were in the distillery district. The place serves Mexican tapas. The food was delicious, and the service was great. Everyone from the door greeter, our waitress, to the bouncer outside was super friendly. You couldn't tell that they had just opened as everything was well organized. The food came out fast and in a timely manner. If you like patios they have a really nice one.

The tapas come in cute small portions, and were really yummy. I love their mojito served with fresh mint (get the one with the nectar). It's one of the best I've tried.  Be careful when you order the water to make sure you don't end up ordering their $7 flat water, unless this is of course what you want. The tapas were flavorful and good. On recommendation from our waitress we ordered guacamole, which comes with tortilla chips - this is very good and everyone should give it a try. The restaurant also provides 3 different types of hot sauces, lemons and limes, which all nicely complement any of the dishes. We tried the lobster burrito that had nicely cooked lobster meat. The pulled pork with black bean sauce  served on a banana leaf, and soft tortilla on the side was my favourite dish. The pork was tender and juicy. I also really like the tuna ceviche with watermelon. The tuna nicely complemented the sweet watermelon, onions, and spices in the ceviche. I only wished we had gotten more of it.

The place was lively, and had a nice vibe to it. The decor reminded me of the Day of the Dead with the skeleton themed decorations and vibrant colours that all worked really well together. I would definitely come back again.笑
We were there a couple of months ago and the service was horrible, so slow, we all had tacos (different kinds).  I had the fish (the most popular apparently) tacos and they were dry, and the shells are too small everything falls everywhere, not really the experience I was looking for.  The best thing was the original margarita.  May go back and try something else but not for awhile.  Improve on the staff.笑
Before i go into my review, $15 guacamole, are you kidding me. Waitress asked before anything would you like to start off with some guacamole and chips, we said sure why not. If i knew it was $15 would have never ordered it. Was good but not worth $15. What a scam.

I ordered the Carnitas tacos and they were gross. Looked gross and tasted even worse. I am 95% certain I got food poisoning as I was vomiting all night. My friend who was with me had one of my tacos and took one bite and said he could not eat it. He ordered the Baja tacos which were fine. 

The decor was very nice but i don't care about those things, i care about the food.

Milagro, El trompo, 7 lives all much better.笑
I'd originally provided a better review; after having an email dialog with their Operations Manager wherein he was argumentative, combative, and uninterested in discussing the food, the one thing that was patently apparent; where their chef was born is the most important aspect of their claim of Mexican food. 
Were they to say "cuisine inspired by our Cordon Bleu chef who was born in Mexico," perhaps they'd be more accurate. 
The alternative comparison is to take McDonald's fries, pour broth over them and call them "poutine cuisine." 

His argument about the "no-spice" salsa "[i] He doesn't feel that overly spicy food makes it better and instead focuses on authentic flavour over heat."[/i]

Seriously, of the many people at the table, none of us were sure which was the "hot" vs "mild." Only the medium heat was obvious, as it was green, and about as "medium" as the guac (which was very, very good, very fresh). 

Either way, what I didn't expect after leaving a Yelp review, was a dialog with a manager filled with explanations of why I'm wrong and they're right.  Were we discussing Ethiopian, Greek, French, Chinese foods...I'd likely agree I'm a novice. Mexican food...that's my thing, whether I'm home in LA, working in San Diego, Mexico City, or Tulum. 

I'll reiterate;
-Great service
-Great guac
[b]Terrible food[/b]
[b]Tremendously overpriced [/b]
The reviews expressed all over the web echo my own experience. 
http://www.blogto.com/restaurants/el-catrin-toronto笑
Packaged and processed food, very far from the true Mexican flavors of fresh fish and seafood.
Cod was previously frozen, tuna on the tostadas was an oily, packaged tuna, the mushroom tacos was flavorless.
2* instead of 1 just because the ambiance is decent.
Won t be coming back though.

Update in response to Rick's comment:
All due respect Rick, I have to respond when you mention that what I say is "simply untrue".
The cod tasted and felt frozen, but you can not always be sure. So I asked. And when I asked the waitress about it, she confirmed it was "previously frozen".
When it comes to the tuna, i eat and prepare enough of it (fresh)to know that there are 3 easy ways to know if your piece of raw tuna was previously frozen or not: 
- a frozen piece of tuna changes color because of the water during the freezing process, it becomes more pink than the almost maroon color of fresh tuna. 
- What happens also, is that the meat splits more easily because the fat that sticks it together is mostly gone during the de-freezing process.
- And finally, the texture is dryer, doesn t melt in your mouth anymore.
All these facts were experienced. No mentioning that the meat was oily and tasteless (but this might be due to the preparation). 

So no: it s not "simply untrue", I don t have any incentive to hurt your business. It s simply what i have experienced and a cooking fact. When it looks frozen, it feels frozen and it tastes frozen, the conclusion is usually pretty easy: it is frozen.
And when you pay a pretty good amount for it, it s simply not right.笑
Great service and great food! El catrin is a great spot to go with a group because they will bring out enough of each dish for the size of your party. If you're up for a feast, the tasting menus are delicious, and no one will leave hungry. The atmosphere inside and out are fabulous. Best patio in the city of you can snag a seat!笑
The food was amazing. We went on a Saturday for lunch, we ordered: Guacamole En La Mesa, Ensalada El Catrin, Tacos Baja & to drink a Mojito and Michelada.

The guacamole is made fresh in front of you by a server who comes out with a cast iron mortar and pestle - you are given the option of spicy or mild. We went with spicy and it was very tasty. The chips are fresh baked too, another nice touch.

I didn't know what to expect from the salad but I was actually blown away. Salad is salad, right? Not here, it was amazing. It was more like a big plate of delicious taco fillings, so we om nommed that down really quickly (and my boyfriend is not a fan of vegetables, so that's saying something) - whatever the dressing was, combined with the pulled chicken, heavenly.

My fella had the tacos (I'm picky when it comes to fish) so I can't comment on taste. He said they were delicious though. Oh and that the tortilla was the best he's ever had, buttery or something along those lines. He really enjoyed them.

I have to say though, for drinks, I had the best Mojito of my life there. Sweet, equal parts lime and mint with neither overpowering the other. So refreshing on a hot day. Also, it comes in a large jam jar sized glass and not one of those slender glasses. There are two types of mojitos on their summer drink list, this was the Brazilian one.

My boyfriend had the Michelada, which I did not try because I'm not a fan of Clamato - but he loved it. It also came in a large, viking-esque glass mug.

We were too stuffed for dessert, but the options were tempting.

Our only complaint, was with the service. I understand on a hot, summer day - patio servers are probably going to get sluggish. You're in the heat all day, there's babies screaming (lots of strollers, kids, etc. that day - we went at lunch around 2pm on a weekend), etc. etc. But holy cow, there were a ton of servers and lots of empty tables and yet it took forever to order and later to get the bill. We looked around and saw servers leaning over empty tables or at the bar, just being lazy and not checking in with the diners actually there. It was not very professional.
We also had to wait a fair while to even get seated on the patio... and yet there were a ton of tables free and lots of staff...

Our own server was very weird. Maybe socially awkward? In the sun too long? I'm not sure, we could barely hear him because he kept mumbling and when we asked him to speak up he'd seemed distracted and didn't take our order correctly the first time.

Food was great, ideal for sharing because it's tapas style.

Drinks, impressive.

Atmosphere was funky, really liked what they did with that patio.

Service, meh.

Other patrons, loud and a bit annoying (if you are going for a date, go in the evening instead - too many babies at lunch and parents yelling at their kids, parents seated next to us were also yelling at their nanny for holding an umbrella askew over their cherished babe)

Date of visit: Saturday August 17th at approximately 2pm.

Would we go back: Yes - the food and drinks are worth questionable service.笑
I was exploring the Distillery District and hadn't even heard of this place but decided to try it out. We waited in line for around 10 minutes and were given the option of whether we wanted to sit inside or out. The place is HUGE. I had no idea how much space they had--not that it was empty space, of course. The place was packed with people on a weekday.

First off, the décor of the place is unbelievably amazing. Hands down, the most visually appealing and interesting place I've been to. With high ceilings and decorations everywhere, the inside looks unique but not at all tacky--you have to see it for yourself. While the outside patio is really popular, I would still recommend sitting inside just because it looks incredible. On top of that, the tacos exceeded my expectations by far. A little pricey, but definitely worth it.

I love this place--the atmosphere, the décor, the food--and I'm definitely going back.笑
I recently went to El Catrin with a group of 12 for a birthday celebration. The first thing I noticed was the incredible decor, much like many of the other reviewers here. Huge, beautiful patio and trendy interior. I had the fish tacos, shrimp/lobster tacos, and pulled chicken burritos. The fish tacos were AMAZING - perfectly fried fish that was still warm and crunchy on the outside, topped with a refreshing coleslaw. The only thing missing was a squeeze of lime.  The shrimp/lobster tacos were good too, but paled in comparison to the fish ones and had too much sauce. The burrito was just okay - a good space-filler, which you need given the price of this place! Wasn't cheap for the amount of food we got, but overall I would return for the fish tacos alone.笑
Very Eclectic decor, their tortilla soup and fish tacos are tasty, I found their salsa and chips stale and cold. Friendly service, reasonable price.笑
Only 2 good things about this place, and neither of them are the food.  1) the decor and ambience on the patio  2) the speciality drinks.  The food unfortunately is way overpriced and really disappointing.  I get that modern Mexican is becoming a huge trend, but no joke I had to go buy a hamburger after I ate dinner there cause I was starving.  Would recommend going for a couple drinks they make with Mezcal or Tequila, but eat somewhere else.笑
I was pretty excited to check out El Catrin today for brunch. After all, who doesn't love table side guacamole?

But alas it wasn't meant to be. After the hostess seated us, we were not greeted or attended to by El Catrin staff for an extended period of time. After 25 minutes, my friend grabbed the attention of the hostess who said she would follow up with our waitress (but the hostess did not offer us water, take drink orders, advise us of any specials). After another five minutes, we put on our coats and left. On our way out, the hostess appeared apologetic but did not offer any resolution or get the manager to assist with the situation.

I don't know why we were not offered water or why our orders weren't taken. Maybe they were understaffed, maybe we should have been more vocal about getting their attention. But the restaurant was only 60-70% full. And I expected more from a place where brunch costs person $20-30 per person.

#maybenexttime.笑
I visited El Catrin during the Christmas market this year and we waited in line to sit outside. The ambiance was really relaxed and comfortable. They had heaters around and blankets if you asked. We ordered mulled wine, which came in variously sized mugs that were also covered in wine (they probably scooped it out of a barrel.) One mug was $8. We noticed that some other people had large glasses of mulled wine, which weren't completely wet like ours, so I'd probably request that next time. My boyfriend and I shared the largest menu item, which is the seafood and steak platter ($49). It came on a beautifully presented skillet and the quality of the meat and calamari was outstanding. I was unfortunately really upset when I realized that the majority of the platter was onions - both green and flat white onions - big full pieces. I ate them, but they left me feeling pretty bloated. I would have loved to received just a bit more than a few strips of steak, 6 pieces of calamari and a sausage. We were still hungry after that and we ordered the regular sized guacamole. Some food for thought - for an extra $2-$3, just get the bigger size. Just to add, we were in a large-ish group, and they were not able to split our bill. Since they added the automatic 18% gratuity, we had a considerable amount of math to do. I like the restaurant overall, but I hope my next visit is a bit less underwhelming. I'd probably try the fish tacos!笑
Came here on a Tuesday night for dinner and drinks with my sister around 8:30 pm.  We fell in love with the space, outdoor fire pit, music and ambience.  The place was buzzing.  Our buzz was killed though when we stood at the outside bar for 15 minutes plus to order our drinks. To no avail, we went to the inside bar. We ordered the cucumber devil (tasty but  virtually no alcohol content) and a white sangria (leaning on the side of orange juice). Food was good, decently priced. We ordered guac that was muddled at our table.  Unnecessarily time consuming for the waiter and our hungry stomachs. Avocado muddled in the kitchen is just as good. For Dessert: churros were out of this world. 

This place is only 3 weeks old and it deserves a few more weeks to et in the swing of things: faster drink and food service, stiffer drinks and guac-ready-to-serve are my recommends.笑
really cool atmosphere! not the type of place you can walk into. definitely make reservations. we made ours on the monday before a friday evening. not a lot of food served, but still very tasty! will be back in the summer for their patio.笑
We arrived to a long lineup outside. This place is very popular so I would recommend making reservations well in advanced as I attempted to do so a couple of hours prior to arriving and keep getting a voicemail. 

We opted for the large patio which had a huge fire pit and comfortable seating. 

Good service is so important to me especially as someone who works in the industry. A big thank you to Brody who was knowledgeable about the menu, made great suggestions and consistently provided great service.

Drinks: Large menu!! Thanks to Brody I tried the Mayan Margarita and it was unexpectedly delicious! Made with tamarind it is both spicy and sweet. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. 

Food: I wouldn't recommended coming here for a filling meal. It is a tapas menu so the portions are quite small. The prices are a little high, however given the ambiance and location of the restaurant I do think it is worth it.笑
Not worth the money.  The space is very nice, but the food is mediocre at best.  Covina Economica is much better.笑
I went with 13 other people so I have to say that I was impressed at the service.  Maybe my expectations were low after reading some of the reviews, but they served our very large table quickly and in an organized fashion.  There was always food coming out even when we threw them for a loop by added more in between.

We got pitchers of the white sangria, which I found very tasty.  Yes, there was a lot of ice in it, but because there were so many of us, it didn't get too watered down too quickly.  I can't remember, but I think we got around 5 or 6 glasses out of it.

The guacamole that they made right at the table was delicious.  I think it was the Esquites (corn that came in a shot glass), I thought they were just okay.  The crab cake I thought was goodl.

I really enjoyed their shrimp and lobster taco, I think that was the one.  The waiter told us that they had won a contest with that taco, it was so delicious we ordered another round!  My absolute favourite was some sort of duck taco which I cannot remember the name.  It was very flavourful and tender.  My friends really liked the bucket of shrimp, but I thought that it was just okay, it wasn't flavourful/savoury enough for me.  There were so many dishes coming out that I can't remember them all, but the duck was definitely a stand out. 

Would I return?  Yes.  Price was a little on the high side but it wasn't out of control.  This is not a taco shack, it's a restaurant.  I'm not looking for the everyday burritos that I can find at taco bell.  Considering the other choices in the distillery, this is one of the better casual dining spots.笑
I had the Pork Belly tacos which were good. If I had to I would recommend the adobo chicken wings and the mini pollo burritos. The guacamole was very bland. I was disappointed. The decor and atmosphere was relaxing which I did enjoy.笑
I had dinner at El Catrin for the first time last night. A friend of mine recommended in as he was in the mood for Mexican food. The following is a list of what we shared between the two of us:

GUACAMOLE EN LA MESA (Avocado, tomato, onion, cilantro, serrano chili)
- this was good, but nothing to write home about. there's much better out there... plus we ran out of gauc half way through the chips

CHORIZO CON PAPA (Chorizo, salsa verde, cotija cheese)
- i wasn't very impressed with this dish - a little bland for my taste, i wouldn't recommend it

CALLO DE HACHA MONRE ALBAN (Spicy pan roasted scallops, grilled corn, peanut and arbol chili)
- the was the highlight and saving grace of the meal - very delicious - highly recommended

We each ordered two Dos Equis with our meal and the bill came to just over $100 (with tax), a little steep for the portions they were serving. 

As for the service, it was excellent - our server was very attentive and helpful with any of our questions. The hostess was quite pleasant as well...

I wouldn't be opposed to going back and trying other things on the menu, but at the same time I wouldn't be in a rush to re-visit El Catrin either.笑
Overall - great special occasion resto, with an original menu and lots of great drink options. I went for my bday, and was not disappointed. The server was great in explaining that the food comes out as soon as it is ready, so you might get dishes at different times - this was helpful in deciding what to order. The drinks were fantastic, and not lacking in liquor like a lot of other places I've been to. I am not a big eater, but I did find the food was a bit on the small side for the price. I have no issue with share plates, and think they did a great job of displaying everything in a way that is easily sharable, but the price was just on the high side for me. As everyone else says, the place is beautiful and worth it just to sit and take in the tequila wall! My advise, if you're looking for great Mexican, there are so many other places that wont break your wallet, but this is an experience so go for a special occasion and you wont be disappointed!笑
Like most joints in the Distillery District, atmosphere is not over looked. The giant murals and throw cushions had a cool bohemian vibe. Not your stereotypical Mexican decore.

The fresly made guacamole was great. If you want it spicier but your date does not, they will give you hot sauce on the side. 

My husband had the fish tacos and thought they were fantastic. I had the sword fish, which was ok.

The stand out was probably the icecream trio for dessert. One flavour was a spicy chocolate that gave a really interesting twist to a typical cool dessert. Dang good.

One big disappointment is the burrito menu. We asked if one could be made without the cheese and we were told they are all premade and can't be altered. I find this really weird for a nice restaurant, considering there are tons of cheap takeout joints that will make a burrito fresh to order. This isn't 7-11 guys, get it together!

Other than that, the price was reasonable and the service was amazing.笑
Hi Rik,

Thanks for your reply.  In response to your comments/questions:

-we arrived at 5:00 pm and the bogus line was in full effect the whole time were there (until 6:30 pm).  The patio and indoors stayed half full, that bogus line was super long and full of hungry & irritated people.  
-we had no explanation from the server about the menu being "sharing style".  Nevertheless, my husband ordered the baja tacos (plus an extra one) and I ordered the shrimp & lobster tacos.  At this rate, we were paying about $20 per person for tiny tacos.  How many plates would you recommend for two people?  
-I also read in a previous review/response that you don't really recommend your restaurant for children/that it might be more enjoyable as a date spot.  While I'll agree with you on that point, I wonder if you have children/a good support system in place.  Like a lot of people who don't have family nearby, we don't have a choice so our son comes with us to eat.  It's nice that you have a kids menu but it could be tweaked to be a little more kid-friendly.

Again, thanks for taking the time to reply.笑
We came here for a birthday party and the only good thing about this place is probably that they have an upstairs that is less noisy BUT it was like a sauna because the heat was blasting from the ceiling. It's unbearably hot and even the servers said it was hot. Considering that we were wearing sweaters, we constanty had to take bathroom breaks even when we did not need to go to just get some air... i can't imagine sitting up there during summer time. it'd be freezing cold.

Food was mediocre and to be honest, definitely felt underwhelmed. Service for drinks was very slow. First glass of wine I had to chase the server for.  Second glass of wine I decided to not even bother asking again as I thought they forgotten already but then it came when they were going to serve dessert which I then only had like 15 minutes to finsih my wine. 

Our first dish was guacomole with chips. The server mashed the avocado with a bit of chopped tomatoes and onions in a stone bowl. They said the guacomole was fresh and it probably was 'fresh' but definitely lacked any taste and had way too much lime juice and the chunks of onion was really big. hate that onion aftertaste in my mouth. Definitely had better at any other Mexican restaurant.

The second dish served was the quinoa salad with tomato, onion and mozarella cheese. Again the dish was per two guests but at least it was a decent size. Unfortunately, barely anyone touched it because the quinoa was undercooked.

Next was the tuna ah ceviche  with watermelon and ciltrano oil. This was to be shared between two guests and served again with chips but this time the chips was super salty even when eating with tuna.

Next was the esquites, charred corn which was not bad but the portion was definitely too small. it was served in a shot glass and one per person. it was 3 bites.

what really disappointed me was next.. they served pulled pork tacos and fried codfish tacos.  According to the menu, we each get one of each kind. There were six of us and there were exactly six tacos of each, which was fine. Everyone had the fish tacos first while my husand and I grabbed the pulled pork tacos. the pork tacos was not bad. Suddenly the server came to our table and grabbed the remaining two codfish tacos that were for my husband and I and walked away to the other end of the table to serve the other guests who were part of the brithday party.  I thought she was going to come back with fresh ones until when i asked her if we are getting the codfish tacos. She then said that we each only get to have one. Then I said, my husband and I did not have one yet and you walked away with the two that were on the table. She looked at us weirdly and said that the kitchen would have served or counted 20 tacos as it was a party of 20 and started questioning as if I'm lying or someone from our group had two tacos instead of one and we're simply asking for more. She did at the end bring an extra taco even when my husband told her he doesn't want it anymore. Simply this incident alone will make me not come again because she did not even ask if we all had fish tacos before taking the serving plate away.

We also had a member on our side who doesn't eat pork so the server brought her another codfish tacos. The server said to the guest that she'd need to charge her for the extra codfish tacos.  My first thought was... seriously? you're going to charge her a whopping $5.00 for the extra codfish taco when the bill is going to be at least $1,200? 

Shortly after, we were served the 24 hour shortrib which we barely touched as it was OK only.  It was a dish to share between two guests and can you imagine there were only 3 small chunks of chayote squash. it was literally the size of the chunks that you'd get from can of pineapples.  Definitely not impressed. You can get chayote squash for 97cents a pound at Food Basics. They probably used 1 chayote sqhuash for the entire party. lol

Dessert was Churros and this time when the server placed the plate down on the table, she said specicailly it's one per person.  I'd have to say the Churros was probably the best in the tasting menu.  quite crispy on the outside and soft on the inside....

The bill came out to be around $1500-$1600 including tips and taxes. The guest was not charged the extra tacos. However, we only noticed after we paid that we were charged a $3 per cake cut for the group. The cake was brought out with lit candles but definitely NOT sliced for each of us.

Wouldn't recommend and won't return. Nothing special and there are plenty of other restaurants in the district.

Sorry!笑
Wait was long. Food was decent but nothing special. Portions were on the small side. Price was exorbitant. Definitely intended for tourists. One standout from what we had was the cornish hen.笑
Absent service, over priced semi-authentic Mexican food

Go other places and save your money笑
I wanted to go to this place so bad because we read about it on Blog TO when it opened, and it sounded like a chic Mexican proposal.

I wasn't wrong; the clientele this Friday was trendy, and mostly compounded with young adults. Our friends arrived first and they picked table inside. While looking for them, we passed by the terrace, and we were informed that without a reservation, they couldn't take us. And when we met with our friends, they told us we could stay on the table only 1 hr... (Which I considered really pushy and snobby when the inside had only 3 tables busy...)

The service was good, a lot of people work there so the dishes came fast, and they were constantly asking if everything was ok.

I absolutely loved the decoration; I couldn't stop looking to the Día de Muertos and Mexican tradition details painted with vibrant and shiny colours. And the bar also caught our attention; about 7 meters of the biggest amount of alcohol I've seen in a restaurant in here.

I have crossed feelings about the food flavour and the final price of our meal (4 people $245 dls). Without doubt, the best part of our meal was the tuna tostadas that we ordered as appetizer. We also asked swordfish dip, burrito, gobernador and cochinita tacos, beef cheek with mole, carne asada, and two pitchers of margarita.

The swordfish was really chunky, lacked flavour and we didn't finish it. The gobernador tacos had plenty of shrimps, but they were too cheesy-creamy, and they didn't have peppers, or veggies to balance it (like those in 7 lives tacos). I felted blah with the cochinita, it needed more seasoning, love or time... 

The beef cheek consistency wasn't buttery like expected, it felted like it was just taken out from the pressure cooker... And the mole and presentation mmmm, not much of presentation.... I'll add a picture. 

So maybe this is one of the hot spots to be seen at, but more for the appearance and good pictures you can take with all those details, not for the food...笑
Had a wonderful dinner here tonight!  I agree with some of the reviews, there are a few kinks that need to be worked out, but Marie D our waitress was amazing and the manager who was making the rounds seemed really on things.  

But most importantly - the food was amazing.  Stand-outs for us were the Baja tacos, the corn salad, guacamole, and the shrimp!  I will be dreaming about those tacos for days...

The one reco I would have for folks, is to order a few things, eat and then order more.  I love a leisurely dinner, and everything pretty much came out at once.  Understand that with tapas-style it can be tough, and to her credit, Marie did tell us that our food would likely come within 10-15 minutes of ordering, in whatever order it came up.  So we were forewarned...  And we weren't rushed at all, just was a bit overwhelming to have all the food there within a few minutes or each other.  

Also - we were there at 7ish and it was decently full and not too noisy.  As the night progressed and it got more full, the noise definitely went up (as expected, and not enough that we couldn't hear each other, but a point to note if you are looking for something on the quiet-side).  

I have to say, I have become a bit jaded about a lof ot these new, uber-hyped restos but this one is definitely worth checking out - and we all felt very well taken care of.  Plus the decor is absolutely gorgeous!  

Will definitely return!!!   Muchos gracias!笑
Because I work in the Distillery area - I've eaten at El Catrin many, many times.  To mention the positives - it has a great atmosphere and a terrific friendly staff.   Those are the 2 stars.

Unfortunately the food has been declining in quality at an alarming rate.  

Today really broke the proverbial camel's back for me.  The El Catrin salad was just inedible and I tried but couldn't eat more than a couple of bites.  Boiled chicken with cold tomato paste on a bed of wilted lettuce.  I can't even remember the last time I was served anything that bad in a restaurant (and I wouldn't say my standards are all that high!).  .

Please El Catrin .... go back to being a restaurant that I can have a decent meal in as well as enjoy the pretty surroundings.笑
The food did not live up to the atmosphere. From the guacamole to the "mole", everything was very off. Unseasoned, too much vinegar, room temperature...Every dish was more wrong than the next. And finally a huge bill.  Go for drinks on a nice evening--not for food.笑
First time dining here at El Catrin and in the Distillery District actually.  Decor and ambiance was very impressive with Mexican beats and Dawn of the Dead makeup for the house staff (a special every 3rd Saturday we were told).  We opted for the $40 7-course taster menu for our huge dinner party, as per our server's glowing recommendations and because we wanted to sample a good variety of Mexican fare without having to comb through the menu.  Don't know the exact names of the various dishes but our table gave overwhelmingly rave reviews for the freshly made guacamole and chips, alcohol-infused watermelon and fish tacos.  Only negative comment is that it's quite pricey at $40 per person, especially for the tapas portion sizes that are served.  One meat course required splitting between 2 people, c'mon!  Service was very prompt and friendly though.  Glad we tried El Catrin this one time but probably wouldn't return because of the comparatively low value for dollar, too bad...if we did, we wouldn't ever do the taster menu again and just order a la carte.笑
Fail...everything about this was just a fail.
You know the Mexican trend in this city has reached critical mass when a Mexican joint opens in the distillery in a spot that use to be the Boiler House. It just doesn't fit the venue.

Fitst of all there is nothing but confusion even getting a table. We and several others waited at what appeared to be the hostess station. After 10 minutes of nothing I went looking further up and found the hostess at a 2nd hostess station that was hidden from sight.

After that delay lunch didn't make up for it. While the guacamole was made at table side it lacked any real flavour. The entrées terribly bland and lacked even basic seasoning. To make matters worse they were almost laughably small and ridiculously priced for their size. The combination left me wondering where the rest of my meal was.

After venturing inside to the bar to escape the rain we finished our drinks by the bar. We might not have ordered them had we seen the collection of fruit flies everywhere and the less than appetizing saran wrap covering each bottle.

That coupled with slow service made this a total fail.

I love the distillery district and hope this place ends up going back to something more befitting of the area.笑
After booking our trip to Toronto, I just knew I had to visit the Distillery District - The shops, the restaurants, the art galleries - this is most definitely a Toronto "Hot Spot"!   

Before even visiting El Catrin, we had visited a local brewery and one of the employees told us we just had to come here.  We figured that if we got to it great, if not we would hit it up the next time we visit (cause' we are already planning our next trip to Toronto).  

On this visit it didn't get any higher than about 19 degrees (Brrrr..) so we spend a lot of our time running from one spot to the next.  While checking out the local shops, we ducked into El Catrin to warm up.. what better way to warm up than a pit stop at a Tequila Bar?!  

Walking in, we couldn't help but to notice the amazing outdoor setup - Tons of fun "chill" areas, an outdoor bar and a gorgeous fire pit.  I'll be sitting outside on my next visit!  The two lovely hostesses greeted us right away and immediately we felt the love.. Talk about a warm welcome.  We grabbed a seat at the bar and settled in for a few drinks.  Enter Lebni.. the coolest bartender ever.  We decided to start with a few beers while we decided where to go later for dinner.  Happy hour was starting and the place was starting to fill up.. Great happy hour hot spot!  Uh-Oh.. Here comes Lebni with a complimentary tequila tasting (complete with both grapefruit and tomato chasers).. great way to start the night!  Another round of beers and a few more bartenders came over to introduce themselves - Axl and our bad-ass lady bartender (so sorry that I didn't grab her name) made us feel right at home as well - What a cool staff!  After another round of beers and another round of complimentary shots.. we knew that we weren't going anywhere else for dinner and immediately ordered the guac!  Yum!  Try the regular with the "spice" on the side.  Not super hungry so we order a few small bites to share - the Esquites where phenomonal (creamy corn with the perfect amount of spice and lime) & the Ensalada de Kiko (cause I love a good quinoa salad).  This was the perfect amount to share and all came to the bar perfectly spaced out so we could enjoy each dish.  One more cocktail before we hit the road - and the Pepino Diablo was the most amazing drink to say farewell to Toronto - I love cocktails with cucumber and a bit of heat!   

What a Fantastic night.. We will for sure be back!  A 5 Star experience from start to finish!笑
Just came back from there with my friend after our PMP study group. We wanted to get Nachos and drink some beer. But they gave us "guacamole" with a tiny bucket of tortilla chips. I didn't even eat it because I saw the face of my bud and he was so disappointed. The patio is cool and has a big bonfire in the middle, then some hot tinder buckets around plus the heaters on the ceiling. The waitress taking care of us was super friendly and always smiling. So to recap, get REAL with the NACHOS, get it right. Besides that the place is cool. The bonfire is cool!笑
WASPS! Their patio is infested with them, which sucks. Not a thing you see much in the other restaurants around Distillery. 
Overall, good drinks and good food (a little pricey but we knew that upfront), but they need to do something about the freaking wasps. I lost half a taco and a full drink to the wasps (Management didnt charge me for my drink, which was nice). We were planning to stay there longer but it was impossible. If you go, sit inside.笑
Yay for blatant discrimination against families with kids, people of colour, and any other persons that don't fit this restaurant's ideal customer profile.

Our experience - there's no hi or hello from the hostess, and we're led to a back corner table and sat next to the only visibly ethnic (Latino) family with a child. The waitresses at the restaurant are all wearing this red get-up - ours and the Latino family's is wearing a stained white undershirt. No pleasantries from the red-attired guac-smasher either. 

The Latino family leaves and the trio of older black women waiting forever are (unsurprisingly) led to our dingy corner and sat next to us. I tipped our stained shirt waitress well - I can't imagine the daily toll of working in such a toxic environment.

I've been to El Catrin many times before, in a suit mind you (after work), and was always treated nicely and sat in numerous places, all good. I come in on a weekend, dressed down, and see this other side. 

I'm really at a loss for words. I've never seen such blatant discrimination in a Toronto restaurant. Management, if you care, this was this past Sunday at around 3pm.

Food was meh. Cocktails were good, however.笑
Love the feel/ambiance of the place..Very well done! The wall painting in the back is amazing. Very cool! Go here for a fun dinner/night out (or a boozy brunch..).. I have been there twice and found  the food good both times. Don't expect gourmet level, that's not the kinda place it is. I had (or tasted) the fish taco, guacamole, pulled pork sandwich, and the swordfish sandwich.. all very tasty without blowing my mind.. 
its 3-4 star food, but a 5 star ambiance.笑
We came here on a whim as we were in the distillery district at the time. We had just missed the brunch menu and instead got a light lunch of tacos and tosados. You get 3 tacos for $15. Unfortunately you don't get to mix and match, they all have to be the same. My partner got the Baja tacos. The cook was perfect, however, it was a bit difficult and messy to eat. I got 2 ahi tuna tostados for $11. I found my meal to be absolutely delicious. It was perfect for the warm fall day.

We were seated outside on the patio (this was several months ago when they weather was warm) and I loved the decor and set up. I've never been inside but I believe it's set up with the long communal tables. I think I would always prefer to sit outside, to enjoy the delicious Mexican fare under the warm sun!笑
Incredible patio right in the distillery district. This is an awesome summer spot to have a few drinks and some  food on a hot sunny day. My only complaint would be that the service is hit or miss, we've had some trouble getting a server's attention whether it's to get another mojito or to ask for the bill. The food is decent, not the best Mexican food I've ever had but there are some gems on the menu. The ceviche is delicious and they mix the guacomole right at the table for you.

In general, I would say it's a great place for drinks and a few snacks but I'd go somewhere else for dinner.笑
My sister and I went during the world cup and service was lackluster and took forever . We wanted to dine inside  but  was told that the mostly empty restuarant was booked for a private party. Then we waitied forever to be seated outside. I only wanted to go because I wanted to know what new restuarant took over my beloved The Boiler House RIP :( 
 Went for lunch the portion sizes were tiny for the price and the waitress was so slow . As a former waitress myself I get it but not really , she dropped the ball. I would just go back for the Margaritas and Guacamole only笑
Glad we stopped by as it was surprisingly good. There was quite a line to get in, but seating at the bar was first come first served. 

AMBIANCE: huge place inside and outisde and all around decorated rather nicely (simple but cute). Really enjoyed the music even though it was too loud at times.

SERVICE: Wasn't a fan of our waiter with the blond wavy ponytail as he was mainly rude and inattentive. Miraculously however he warmed just as it came time to pay the bill (how convenient). Other staffers however were friendly or at least cordial.

FOOD: the Suadero tacos were tasty but tiny. Guacamole was delicious, but dont be fooled by the big bowl...its shallow so guac really isnt a large amount. Also they're at bit stingy w/ the chips. All in all it was fine for two people max (though I could have had one to myself). Churros were delicious and not excessively sweet. 

DRINKS: strawberry margarita good but low on alcohol. The horchata colda was good. Neither the coconut, pineapple or cinnamon was strong, but I still liked it.笑
Two bite not so good tacos!
$12 avocado!
Morsel of meat..

 The decor is the only good thing about this place. The service wasn't bad... But I was not impressed by the food at all! 

First dish we tried was the "VUELVE A LA VIDA EL CATRIN" ceviche, which was ok nothing great, accompanied by a small bucket of chips. The ceviche was served on a oyster on a bed of salt. The salt was a bad idea because if you spilled any of the ceviche it would be a salty mess. Didn't  find any scallops in it as per the menu, may be a tiny piece of octopus, there was a fair bit of shrimp and other vegetables. There was no point in us ordering this ceviche might as well have just ordered the shrimp ceviche.

COCHINITA PIBÍL - two bite tacos! Very small and wasn't tasty. 

PIPIAN ROJO- pan fried bland chicken/cornish hen, four pieces pieces or so, with ample amount of squash. The waitress said this was a very good dish... IT WAS NOT! 

Since we were still hungry after our overpriced, not enjoyable tapas style dinner we decided to give the guacamole a shot. The waitress brought over ONE avocado halved with a bit of chopped tomatoes and onions in a stone bowl and mashed it in front of us to make the ingredients into guacamole. Oh and it was accompanied by end of the bag chip bits! The guacamole was very simple and not worth $12. I have had way way way better guacamole and non authentic Mexican restaurants! 

Overall, the food was pretty bad.. Its good if you are wearing something fitted while on a date because the food will not fill your tummy because it is overpriced tapas sub par tapas food!笑
Delish food, décor is amazing. This place can be romantic with your partner or fun with the ladies for cocktails!  Bring your wallet though, can creep up when you're ordering all that yummy food!笑
This place is beautiful! 
wish I took some pictures to post up. We went on a Tuesday night and the place was packed!

We made a reservation because there was 7 of us, and wanted to make sure we got a table. We shared a few pitchers or margaritas, they do not mess around with tequila here.. Soo good! Not sure of the names of the ones we ordered, but the one with black berries in it was AMAZING!!!! 

We ordered A LOT of food. We started with a couple large orders of guacamole, which they mash up at the table, nice touch.. and it was delish!

So no clue the names of anything we ordered but the baja tacos.. OMG! I could actually eat them every day. I wasn't really looking at prices when we were ordering, but for 6 of us (one paid separate) our bill was $300ish, which is quite reasonable for what we had. 


Will defiantly be back!!笑
The only good thing about this place was the deco... which is vibrant and welcoming.  The food was ho-hum.. nothing to write home about.  We had the guacamole for app and it was very mediocre.  The burritos (veg and chicken) as mains and it was bland... didn't taste like of anything.  For dessert the churros were well done and the dipping sauces were interesting.  Oh yes, for the kids menu - we ordered the fajitas and corn.  I specified to the waitress to remove the chilli as the kids would not like it.  It turned out spicy !!  I'm surprised spicy corn would be served on a kids menu.  The waitress didn't seem to concerned about it.!!  Overall, would not go back to this place.笑
I found myself wandering the Distillery District around 1pm on an empty stomach--a slightly unusual situation as I eat regularly to avoid becoming hangry. As a hunger pang reminded me I skipped breakfast, I found myself outside El Catrin. I stopped in and had a great tortilla soup and a delicious take on the Palomar cocktail. The service could be a bit more attentive, but overall it was good for a light bite.笑
Great Vibe!! I had the Soupa de Azteca (which I don't think they called it that - soup with avocado and cheese in it - tomato broth) it was decent. The pulled pork tacos were very good!!笑
VIBE:

we went on a beautiful sunday evening, so i was expecting a bit of a wait for a table. After about 15 minutes, we were seated in a lovely corner suitable for a party of 5. But we werent complaining. The pillows on the seat were a great touch. The atmosphere and decor were fun.

Food :
Guacamole, great portion and very flavourful esp with the hint of serrano chilis
Burrito and Tostados, too small of a portion not worth the $$
Tacos GOBERNADOR was good, the bf loved it, he would come back just for this

Dessert:

Chocolate brownie and churros were just ok, the churros were a little burnt and the brownie had a weird after taste.

Overall:

They almost forgot a dish, and it came out about 20 minutes after the last.  Im still debating if i will go back, the patio is really nice, and the food can be better.笑
I skimmed some of the reviews - and whoah - very detailed!  I like to keep it simple. 

Bottom line the atmosphere is amazing, the mural, the wood, the feel - the patio stellar.  I was upstairs in the loft with a group of 14, a little loud (but I have sensitive ears).  The drinks were amazing - seriously recommend Tequila Tromba (they carry all three of them).  

but to the food - This place is absolutely massive and as such quality is a little hit or miss... We had everything on the menu -

Stellar points on the guacamole, which is made fresh in front of you.  But, I can make stellar guacamole, you know? 

The shrimp and lobster taco had all the fixings to be great, and the description sounded delicious, but I rate it mediocre. 

The fish tacos - same deal 

Overall the food was great mexican - just not amazing.  

Not sure I would go back without a reservation as the line up was crazy! 

Final point - WHERE IS THE HOT SAUCE at ?  The three available on the tables were not up to code for mexican.笑
Gorgeous decor and ambiance but food and service is lacking. 

After a couple of failed last minute attempts to get a table at this restaurant, my husband and I decided to reserve a table for an early dinner on a Sunday last weekend with our two kids. The weather was incredible so their patio was open and the restaurant was probably a lot busier than usual. This may explain the uncoordinated and subpar service. While the server was friendly, when food orders left the kitchen they had a hard time sending them to the right tables. At least 3 different servers attempted to bring us food we did not order. We watched them roam round looking for the right table. This no doubt affected the freshness and temperature of the food once served. 

This would also probably explain why my tortilla soup arrived lukewarm (yuck) despite being in a ceramic bowl with a lid. Who knows how long the journey from the kitchen to our table was. Clearly they need to work on food service. Not sure what the issue is because all the tables are numbered????

Now to the rest of the food. 

You get complimentary nachos at the table with a couple salsas. They were ok. We've had better for sure. 

Our kids ordered the breaded fish and rice and chicken off the kids menu. They were ok. Our kids finished about half of it. 

We ordered the steak to share. It was cooked a perfect medium rare and was tasty. 

We also ordered pollo con carne tacos. The corn tortillas ripped apart immediately and they were hard to eat. Again probably because the tacos made a few rounds at the wrong tables before we got them in their soggy state.  

So overall not the best experience but it is a stunningly decorated restaurant and fun atmosphere. We probably also had the bad fortune of visiting when staff were not particularly on the ball.笑
While exploring the distillery district for the day we were starving and wandering the streets in search of food. Weary and famished we walked by a busy patio full of life and energy and were immediately drawn in. 

We were seated immediately and ordered chips and guacamole as well as cocktails immediately. The guac was brought out and mashed table side. We appreciated the effort and the flavor was great, but the avocados were warm and not cold and that left the guac tasty but less refreshing than usual. We also upgraded to add "crickets" to the guac. I was excited to see crickets on the menu because it's different and fun. When they came out they were in a little tiny cup soaking in spicy oil. Their presentation wasn't great, and there were only 8 or so crickets in the cup. The flavor was fine, but for $8 we were hoping for more crickets and or presentation. 

For drink I had the Brazilian mojito which was refreshing, strong and tasty. My wife had the red wine sangria which was full of fruit and had a strong brandy flavor. 

For mains my wife had the Bbq chicken tacos which were cooked to perfection and had an awesome flavor. 

I had a great dish that was composed of shrimp, scallops, octopus and calamari on top of 2 tostadas with avocado and sauce on top. It was light refreshing and flavorful-- everything a lunch should be. 

Service was good, and decently quick. Overall a good lunch spot- a little pricey for what it is, but overall tasty and good. The ambience of the outside area on a nice day more than makes up for any short comings.笑
El Catrin is a beautiful restaurant in the Distillery District.  We sat outdoors, which I highly recommend since the ambience is an experience in itself (plus they have heated lamps if it's chilly weather).  I wouldn't come here hungry for dinner since it's tapas place and the bill can add up pretty quickly.  For 3 people, we ordered 1 starter and 5 tapas, which left our stomachs content and free to explore other food options in Toronto.

Regular guacamole [$11] - 5/5, fresh and creamy

Pulpito Emilia [$12] - 5/5, octopus salad with shaved fennel, black beans, and corn, my favorite tapa

Atun Ceviche [$11] - 5/5, raw ahi tuna marinated in lime for a tasty and zesty ceviche

Callo de Hacha Monte Alban [$18] - 4/5, scallops served over corn, very spicy aftertaste

Cubeta de Camarones [$22] - 3/5, 0.75 pound bucket of spicy shrimp, served hot

Huarache Oaxaqueno [$10] - 3/5, a very cheesy vegetarian tapa with zucchini on a sweet corn tortilla笑
Great place for a drink - very vibrant and cool ambiance. My watermelon cocktail was tasty and complex. Our waitress was warm and friendly and attentive. Her Mexican accent (real) was cute. But the food is not all that it's been raved to be. Overpriced. Under seasoned. I had the Baja tacos and guac to share. Loved that they made the guac table side, and once we added the lime and spices it was good. But the tacos left me underwhelmed. The tortillas were too think and tough with small portions of fish and less than thrilling coleslaw (drowned in lime juice it still lacked tartness).笑
El Catrin has really nice decor and food. The service was a little disappointing but at the end it was nice when we got to leave. We sat on the patio and there were a lot of bugs. The waiters response was, "figure it out". He didn't offer anything else. They took away our guacamole before we were finished. We kinda had enough of the service and we left after paying. I don't know if I will go back. It's a shame, it had so much potential.笑
OK from the second I walked in I LOVED it ! 

Atmosphere - so welcoming and relaxing - my kind of place 
Music - outstanding ! 
Decor - very nice, unusual, eclectic and cool
Service - very attentive and 5 star ! 
Drinks - a they kept coming all night which was outstanding 

Ordered a "Rested" margarita ! Really very nice - then we ordered A pitcher of them - fabulous ! They went down very smooth! 

Guacamole made at the table - fantastic !

We ordered the 5 course tasting menu. Well it was very nice. It gives you the opportunity to really taste the flavors of the restaurant and some smaller portions on their menu. 

The servers that brought each course explained what was on the plates and some of the servers were actually very entertaining throughout the evening. All that being said we were full by the time the 5th course arrived. And the next few courses,  we just took a very small taste of them, which was a shame. 

The portions were small but the first course the tuna ceviche with watermelon (which was outstanding, and I will certainly be ordering that on my next trip) and pumpkin seed dip (okay but it needed some kind of a punch it was very bland but I will say I probably had about eight chips with it on so it was addictive).  The reason why we were full by the fifth course is the first course of the tuna ceviche and the pumpkinseed dip needed something a vessel so you had to use the corn chips and after having guacamole with chips and then eating more corn chips your full - rookie move and we fell for it ! Damm 

There was a salad course, small dessert plate Ensalada de Kiko, cooked quinoa very bland not to my taste. 
Pulled Pork on baby waffles - very good ! 
There was another course and I really can't remember what it was.....
Baja Fish tacos -  were good but why cod and why better & deep fry the fish ? True Mexican fish tacos they were not unfortunately. 
Pulled pork tacos - we only had a small taste of those and I wish that that course of come sooner it was outstanding.
Dessert was to churros with the chocolate sauce, homemade caramel sauce, and a strawberry sauce they were very light and fluffy delicious.

All in all had an absolutely wonderful night I really enjoyed this place..... we had tried to get reservations here a number of times and actually came here during the Christmas festival and the place was packed,  we couldn't even get into the front bar for a drink then, so I'm really glad we actually made it and it was just wonderful and certainly lived up to my expectations.笑
I've wanted to try this place for months.  This place is nothing but mediocre.  It's all hype.

The space/decor is by far the best part of the place.  It is a grand room with a lot of attention paid to the details.  Love the tiles and the light fixtures.  The service was good - fast, knowledgeable and pleasant.

The drinks were good.  We got a pitcher of the blackberry margarita and it was tasty.  Other drinks sampled: one made with cafe patron (a coffee tequila) and some drink with tequila and jager, which tasted like root beer.  Kudos to the drink options and execution.  

My main reason for being there the other night was the food (obv), and the food was blah.  The guacamole was runny, not spicy (we were offered a choice of mild or spicy, we chose spicy) and $15!  It's laughable.  

We sampled a number of things:

Corn: ridiculously small portion for $9.  It was just OK.  Again, I felt like I was being punked with the portions, relative to the price.  This dish included queso fresco on top of the corn and I'm not exaggerating when I say that the piece of queso was the size of 1/8 of an M&M.  lol

Pork belly tacos - meh.  truly.  I was seriously underwhelmed by this.  

Gringo taco, which was really a quesadilla: I don't understand how they can get away with the portions.  I had 2/4 pieces, and I think I only got one piece of pineapple and it was the size of a pencil eraser.  WTF.  

Also - what's with the overuse of flour tortillas?  It made everything so dry, especially b/c they rip you off on the filling.

Ceviche - I didn't try this b/c I don't eat fish/seafood, but my companions had a sampler.  They seemed to enjoy it but it was maybe 6 bites ($30).  

Short rib - good.  nothing special.  cactus salad was barely there (see a theme here?) - 3 chunks of cactus.  whoo-hoo.  

Tortilla soup - this was a good dish.  Probably the only one I enjoyed.  And I only ordered it at the end b/c I was still hungry.  

Corn cake with guava sorbet - it was an ugly mess on the plate.  Again, nothing to say here but overpriced and underwhelming.  

This place overall was a huge disappointment.  The food is basically terrible, and what's worse is what they are charging for it.  Tourist trap, most definitely.  I would maybe make a return visit for drinks, but I wouldn't eat here again.  If you want good taco - playa cabana (for example) is way better.  In fact, I much prefer the hard tacos from chipotle compared to what I ate at el catrin.笑
This restaurant is not very good. A friend and I stopped in on a Saturday afternoon while wandering around the distillery district and neither of us were very impressed. Although not very busy it took awhile for the hostess to acknowledge us and the server seemed rushed. We both had burritos which were VERY small and very mediocre in terms of flavour - also way overpriced considering size and taste! Interior of the restaurant is nice though, nice tall ceilings and interesting decor.笑
Came here on a Saturday night around 6pm with the intention of sitting on the patio which is first come first serve. We got a table for 2 pretty quickly and super impressed with the decor. The tables and chairs are bright and would definitely be a fun place to come as a big group with friends! 

We weren't very hungry so just wanted to grab a snack so we got the guac to share and some tacos. The guac was very good but tacos were just meh.

Food wise- nothing special....but the decor was amazing. 
-笑
Unique atmosphere, heated patio, great service and delicious tacos and sangria.笑
Service - slow, server was very quiet, menu was confusing, we were double served all of our orders, waited 20 mins for cheque 

Food - small portions for the price, very delicious 

Atmosphere - outdoor patio was cold but the vibe was good 

Overall - spent 85$ and 1.5 hours, left hungry and stopped at McDonald's on the way home笑
Loved it.  Great food.  Great decor.  A tad expensive, but so is everything in the Distillery.笑
Trendy, fun atmosphere. Food was good, felt overpriced for what they were though. Ordered a spicy cucumber boozy drink which was unique : )笑
Nice place to eat on a patio in the summer.  We ordered the guacamole which our waiter said was the best.  I wouldn't say it was the best but it was quite good.  Our dishes were also tasty and we didn't walk out of this restaurant feeling stuffed (unlike most Mexican restaurants).  The mojitos are excellent.笑
Normally I stay away from Mexican food if I'm in a state that doesn't touch Mexico, but the chef is from Mexico and they have mole and ceviche, which is my tell for authentic. Both were done well.  Had the tasting menu and it was very good, although a bit mild, spice wise, for this Texan.笑
nice location in the distillery district and nice decor. however, the service and food was nothing special. our waitress was slow and seemed a little clueless, and it was one of the other waitresses that checked in on us and our food. vegetarian burrito was meh, and the churros were okay. best part was probably the margaritas - mango and watermelon. really pricey for the quality.笑
Went here for drinks and bites tonight.   They have a very large patio which is nice and were able to accommodate us after a short wait even though we didn't have reservations. The atmosphere is fun with Mexican music and they lit up the large fire as the centre peace as the evening came. Red sangria is better than the white and skip the Mayan margarita (too sweet) and the lobster taco (too salty which killed the light lobster essence). Try the fried cod taco, our neighbours has it and it looked good! Tuna and scallop ceviche were good and guacamole was good with the chips. Good place. Will definitely return.笑
Some restaurants are great for a date, El Catrin definitely is one of those...

Huge patio and the interior decoration is just stunning. A work of art. 

We here for brunch and the portion size was more than adequate. The service was excellent and attentive.

But...

The food was a little disappointing, at least my Burrito de Meriscos ($19). The filling though sounded good: Shrimp, octopus, swordfish and lobster, salsa verde, cilantro, romaine flour tortilla wrap but it is really more like a cold seafood wrap without any seasoning. The thing is the side salad has a more intense lime vinaigrette dressing it further made the burrito disappointing.

The 2 egg dishes my friends have were much better! Omelet Machacados con Pollo ($12) and Huevos Racheros ($14) has nice flavours and served nice and hot! 

Taco Baja ($15) was not bad either.. The fish was fresh but the red coleslaw was not helping the taco much. It was forgettable...

Maybe I came with a high expectation... The only thing El Catrin wow me was the first 10 minutes when I walked in and after that the whole experience was just so so...

I would come back and enjoy El Catrin nice patio and even have a drink at the bar if I am in the area.

*Mexican Coke for $4.50 supposed to taste better since it is sweetened with Cane Sugar笑
What a beautiful place. It is quite busy, so a reservation is a must, especially with the warmer weather approaching. The food is delicious, but the portions are small. The portion size is conducive to ordering an assortment of items so that you can sample. My favorite drink is the Pepino Diablo .. it's refreshing with an unexpected kick, that keeps you wanting more !!!! 
I am never disappointed when I come to this place ... let my love affair with Mexican food continue笑
The most amazing dining experience I've had in Toronto! Zach, our server, was phenomenal! He was so attentive that he picked up on our joke of wanting Mexican poutine and literally made it happen! He got the chef, Rolando, to make a custom poutine. On top of that, he was just the nicest guy! This place is a must visit!笑
Great Food, Awesome Atmosphere but terrible service, I don't know if our waitress Employee #11868 Laura D took on too many tables or what, she was never there for our table.  

First dish came out and it was the Costilla Corta, read the menu and it's at "for sharing" but it is just a bit bigger than a golf ball.  Ask the waitress how are we suppose to share it, and she looks at me weird and said "cut it and eat it".  

Second dish came the Fish Tacos, when we ordered it, she told me "it comes in 3s, I'll just add 2 more in there for ya", we are quite prepared that it's gonna charge extra which is normal, but she should let me know how much they are.  Had to guess it'll just be dividing the cost of 3 tacos and add 2 in there.  When the Fish Tacos came, it came with an added bonus of a piece of hair, you can tell that it's not Hair on your head.  we don't want to get into details about it, but after waiting yet another 10 minutes to spot Laura, we told her what happened and she did apologize (at least she did this right).  She also apologized for the wait as she is WAITING for a coffee to be made.  I asked for more water, didn't come.

Other foods came as well, but there isn't really anything special, details about the food at the bottom.

We ordered drinks after and waited ANOTHER 10 minutes for them.  I don't know what it is about their drinks, whenever someone orders them, it's like they have to wait at the bar or something for drinks.  I ask for water a second time, didn't happen.

Spotting her refilling water with a jug nearby, we ordered food a second time after all the dishes came out, she took our orders and left an empty water jug on the table all the way till the end of the meal even though she had came to our table a few times. 

We ordered the Huarache Albanil (chorizo), but a dish came that don't look at all like Chorizo, and the server that brought it to us called it some other name that I didn't catch and then I ask her if it is chorizo and she said "oh sorry, my bad, I meant to say Chorizo".  We weren't buying it, so we waited yet another 5 minutes to ask Laura, and she confirmed that it is the wrong dish and look it away.

I asked for water one final time with a tone of dissatisfaction, she came with water and an apology.  She admitted it was terrible service throughout the meal and want to make up for it with 2 treats for my mom and brother since it's their birthday.  It was 2 mini sponge cakes with whipped cream and some crumbled corn flakes on top.  It was an extra wet sponge.  Very sad.

I asked for the bill and checked the bill, I saw the two tiny 2inch treats on the bill at 7 bucks each!  I called her again and ask her what is this (pointing to the treats on the bill), she said "oops! that was embarrassing!"  Had I not check it, what would happen?

Finally, credit card machine.  She hand it over to be but STOOD right beside me when I enter tips and everything as if she is afraid of not getting any tips.  This is how terrible the experience was in terms of service.

Managers and bosses of this establishment should really fire these people if they want to improve and charge people the prices they are asking for.

Food was awesome, we ordered the following:

1. Guacamole en la Mesa - which isn't all that special.  Generous portion compare to all the other dishes.
2. Atun - Tuna Ceviche, it was ok.
3. Costilla Corta - a 24hr slow braised short rib on a menu that says "for sharing" and came out a bit larger than a golf ball.  Sure, flavours are there, but very dinky.
4. Pulpo Canitas - Confit of Octopus, This one is very good, very interesting flavours and sauces, worth it.
5. Huarache Albanil - Chorizo on a torilla.  What I love best about it is their black bean sauce, those are really nice.
6.  Baja Taco - GOTTA TRY IT, one of the best Fish Tacos I've eaten.  Although I had better at local Mexican Pubs, but this one is very good.
7.  Gobernador Taco- Great taste!  This lobster and shrimp taco is a must try! 

These two stars are for the great chefs behind the scenes.  Without them, it would be an awful double birthday dinner experience.笑
Hi,

Strikes against place was missing dish, not clearing the excess plates and slow service.

I went there with a large group for an after work event.  We had reservations made by another person.  When we got there the hostess was confused about where we belong.  There were 3 hostess standing there.  It was the only big party.  Eventually, we found it but I think they could had at least narrow it down by asking what kind of event was.  A bachelorette party or a business party would have different vibes.  We just found it by walking around.  Okay, no big deal.  

We had some people who couldn't make it but it was not until the late in the meal, about 1.5 hours later, that the wait staff cleared the extra plates and settings.  So now we had more space.  And that was mainly to replenish another vacant table.  

They missed serving one dish but it was so hard to get a wait staff and we had another meeting to go to, so we left it at that.  

No one came around to ask us if we needed anything so we didn't get water refills until much later.

Not sure what is going on.  Maybe they had a bunch of last minute sickness?  It wasn't super crowded and it was the middle of the week.

Some of the chairs were uncomfortable.  They are like patio chairs, a metal frame with elastic type material strung between them.  Because the frame is so narrow and you sink in the middle, it forces your legs closed and was not very comfortable.  Okay if you are narrow hip.

No issues with the food.  We had the tasting menu and some of it was unique to us.  Decor is nice.  However, because of the service I won't go there for awhile.  

Thank you笑
Visited the Distillery District this Sunday. Doing the tourist thing from Los Angeles so my standards are just that much higher for Mexican food than the average. I appreciate that they accommodated our large party of 12 without reservations fairly quickly. But to have the hostess come out before the tables are ready to and give me some bullshit about there being a chance of rain, really biiiish?! We've all got cell phones with weather apps standard and it's been drizzling periodically for most of the day... . To be honest, somehow I got the impression that maybe they were just trying to get rid of us because we didn't fit their trendy clientele. And it was obvious that we weren't going to pay for their overpriced booze just the overpriced food? In any case we stuck around, waited and got seated. 

The waitress upsold us their guacamole and served it up in pestle or a molcajete and gave us 3 for the table. It was OK as far as guacamole goes but their chips were cold and too thick and kind of stale. We ate it all up because we were paying for it and starving. 

Their salsa gets a F grade because of the 2 they brought out neither one had even a hint of spice. I know that not all Mexican food is spicy and Canadians don't eat spicy in general but really not sure what they are thinking by not having at least one spicy salsa. 

I got the al pastor tacos it arrived as 3 on an aluminum plate because hipsters? Also 15.95 CAD or 12.60 USD for 3 tacos...  seems excessive. Also it will take you about 3 bites for one of these tacos so take that into consideration. The tacos tasted good however... No additional non spiced salsas were brought by to enhance the flavor. No one offered hot sauce and none was on the table. 

Sigh... I can't in good conscience recommend a place like this to anyone. It seemed very cute and trendy AF so you get one star for that and another star for the interesting art in the  washrooms. But your food is too damn expensive and your hostesses seem all a bit stuck up and not that personable which for Canadians seems anathema to me.笑
I went with 7 of my friends to celebrate a birthday and a farewell dinner. The service was awful, the waitress did not want to educate us on the menu options and we waited 50 minutes for a bottle of wine. The overall meal took 4 hours and should have taken an maximum 2 hours. The overall experience was very bad and I would not recommend this restaurant.笑
Great potential. Pros: Nice renovation to the restaurant, and great patio. Wait staff was friendly and knowledgeable. Food was well-prepared and well presented. Cons: portions so small it was comical. Very small "tapas" with prices close to the price of an entree.   Food was good, but not worth the price.  Much better food available in the city for the money and for that reason won't be back. Washrooms in need of attention.笑
Amazing service. Incredible cocktails. Lovely food presentation. The fish and pulled pork tacos with the wonderful housemade hot sauces were off the hook. Definitely going back again!!!!笑
I love love love this place. Since the day I discovered it, its ambiance and vibe are awesome and the patio is amazing. The food is good but I think the food and drinks could be a bit better so it would also be amazing. The guac there is my favorite though.

Would definately suggest going there for a date.笑
Love the food choices and the guac home made. I would give 4 stars but quality sometimes isn't consistent and neither is service. My boyfriend and I don't feel we are treated kindly when just stopping in for a quick margarita or bowl of guac. This must be the servers/ bartenders that are disappointed in a small bill. Service is always number 1 for me. Train your staff to talk a little less behind the bar and be a little more friendly to the client.笑
I was looking for good Mexican restaurant for many years. A friend recommended it to me. I went on Friday night on a date with my husband. There was a line up and they asked if we wanted to sit at the bar. We agreed. Server was nice right away. Several minutes later he asked us to move one sit left. We moved and then he said thank you and gave us tequilas. It was such a nice and smart move, because I know that people don't like to be moved around and I could feel that my husband wasn't pleased with the fact that they asked him to and I"m sure other people don't like it. 
The food was amazing! We had tacos and a salad. Flavors are just in the right proportion. I can't wait to go back and taste other dishes.  Btw, they have an amazing patio, inside is beautiful interior.笑
This has been one of the worst restaurant services in terms of waiting times and food quality. I have been here several times thinking to give it a another  chance to impress, but was left dissatisfied on multiple occasions. 

Firstly, if you must choose to eat here with a big group, you may be waiting an extensive amount of time for a table. I had been here for both brunch and dinner with a group of friends (+8) and we waited about an hour for our table, both times. 

Secondly, their customer service was displeasing. The hostess had mentioned that our table was ready in 20 minutes more than a couple of times, and we waited more than an hour as mentioned above. In addition, the hostess was unapologetic for the wait. When my group and I were finally seated, on multiple occasions our tables were divided and we did not end up eating together. This was very inconvenient. 

Thirdly the food was the biggest disappointment. I was recommended by other yelpist to try the guacamole and Baja tacos. The guacamole was rather bland, little to no seasoning and portion size was quite small for the price. The waiter even complained of how heavy the bowl was to carry the guacamole, and seemed disinterested in the quality of the guacamole. Moreover, the Baja tacos were quite small in portion for the price you pay ($15.95 CAD). The tacos lacked in flavour and was drenched in chipotle sauce to compensate for the tastelessness of the fish. These tacos could be easily recreated with store bought fried fish, mini tortillas, mayo, chipotle powder, and cabbage cole slaw. 

Fourthly, upon settling our table, the waiter passively asked us to leave and they were either closing or they wanted the table for another group. And because of their policy on groups greater than 8, gratuity was charged 17%. This was hugely disappointing. 

Overall I would not recommend this place for anyone who is looking for a good Mexican bite to eat with a group of friends. There are other quality Mexican restaurants available in Toronto.笑
El Catrin has amazing atmosphere and really delicious cocktails and small plates. The outside patio is the best place to be on a nice day- with a margarita or mojito please!   I wasn't as thrilled about the entree (tasted carne asada, grilled mahi mahi).  Ceviche and fennel/octopus small plates were our favorites.笑
Even in the winter the outdoor patio area is beautiful. I went in November for a friends birthday and was surprised that even in the cold we were warm enough thanks to the outdoor heaters. I was also surprised that the prices were fair considering the location.

The food was great, we had tacos and guac to share. I am generally picky about guac, but hats off to El Catrin. Perfection. Drinks were on point-especially the pitchers of mojito. Service was quick and prompt.笑
I wanted to be blown away by El Catrin, but the service left more to be desired.

I made easy online reservations through opentable.com, and within 24 hours they were confirmed by phone. I really appreciated that extra step, as I wanted this evening out to be perfect. 

My date and I got a fabulous seat on the patio, and ordered a recommended bottle of a sweet white wine that paired with the guac app beautifully. As mentioned in other reviews, the guac is made fresh at the table. Yum yum!  

Before I continue, I'll tell you how beautiful the patio is, especially when the sun goes down and the candles are lit. 

That's where things started to come undone. 
We saw our server about 30 minutes later .... To take our order. By this point we had finished off the 1st bottle of wine. My date decided on the fish tacos and I got ceviche. 
The taco's arrived about 15 min later, and were briefly thrown onto the edge of our table and the food runner took off. I served my date his meal since they apparently didn't have the time (or the care) to. Then we waited. And waited. And then waved down another server to get another bottle of wine. Almost done our 2nd bottle of wine, my date just stared at his getting-cold tacos, while we waited for the ceviche that still hadn't arrived. Maybe they forgot?! Trying to flag down a server on this Thursday night seemed impossible! 

Literally an hour later, the other plate arrived. 2 bottles in, it was an after thought!  ... And we barely ended up touching the late arrival dish as my date ended up feeling bad I had been kept waiting for so long and we ended up sharing his fish tacos. *and we'd already had 2 bottles of wine - food wasn't on our mind. 

The rundown: It was a Thursday night; and it honestly wasn't that busy. Our reservations were for 6:15 and we ended up finally getting our bill (which took another 20 min) around 9:30. 
It was a reeeeeally long night. Most of which was spent wondering if we had been totally forgotten about and waiting for food.
$135 later, I wouldn't return. 
In a nutshell, the service was shit. And the food was .. i barely remember after that much wine. :-/笑
This was my first time trying El Catrin after seeing/hearing all the buzz about it. I can understand that during the Christmas market it can be a bit hectic, so we sat outside as the restaurant was fully booked inside. Food was delicious, ceviche was fresh and chips were crispy and flavourful. We also had the baja tacos which had lived up to the hype. 

Service, on the other hand, was anything but exceptional. We weren't approached by our server until a little later (remember we were sitting outside), then proceeded to take our drink/food order. The food arrived sporadically (long waits in between). We had also waved down at least 3 different servers just for condiments. A meal that could've been enjoyed within an hour or less went on almost to two. 

I am very disappointed in the level of care that they put towards their guests (sitting inside or out). I'd think twice before coming here for tapas as there are better and more affordable restaurants out there.笑
I had heard from friends that this was fantastic upscale Mexican (note: having lived in the south, I can be a little picky about Mexican). 

First, the positives. Great atmosphere and vibe. The bar staff were very friendly. Decor is fun, and music was perfect.

Now, the downsides. Our waiter was the worst waiter we've ever had. Took us 20 minutes to get water, another 20 minutes to get drinks, and at the end of the night half an hour to get the bill (and it was the wrong table's bill, so another 20 minutes to get that sorted out). 

The food quality was "good", but not excellent, and the portions were the smallest I've seen for Mexican food..... anywhere.

We won't be coming back. Not because of the service, as getting a single bad waiter is the luck of the draw, but because while it was overall "good", paying that much for "good", in Toronto, simply isn't worth it.笑
El Catrin is the perf spot to enjoy good mexican food with friends. The patio is really nice, with a cool fire pit. 
When it comes to food, I definitely recommend the fish tacos, the fresh guac ( yummy!) and if you  come for lunch the sandwiches are delicious and good sized !
One of the only spot that I actually enjoy a good mojito ( with the option to have a pitcher, nice in summer!)
I would have put 5 stars if it wasn't just a bit pricey :)笑
Table side guacamole.  Nice and fresh though it did lack enough cilantro and a bit more lime  2/5 kinda bland 

Grilled chicken on a fresh bun.  Nicely seasoned with black beam and guacamole spread 5/5

Prices are fair especially for the distillery.笑
Un endroit magnifique dans un quartier d'artistes très en vogue à Toronto. À l'intérieur comme à l'extérieur le décor est incroyablement mexicain et vous pourrez apprécier l'immense restaurant et terrasse tout l'été! Service impeccable et rapide même en période de rush, broyage du guacamole à votre table, drinks, tapas ou desserts, tout y est délicieux et bien présenté, seul petit hic la quantité réduite pour le prix et l'abondance de coriandre dans quasiment tous les cocktails et les plats. Néanmoins une belle place où se rejoindre entre amis hiver comme été :)笑
Hopefully this is just grand opening kinks to be worked out but service was terrible. 

Terrible hostesses...turned us away stating there wasn't even a seat at the bar to have a drink. Walked in anyway to check out the decor, only to see empty seats inside.  Needless to say we grabbed a table no thanks to the hostess and finished our meal before she even called us. 

The Meal...
Red Wine Sangria....delicious
Gauc....delicious
Ceviche....meh
Tacos....you can only order three of the same tacos - no taco tasting at this place.
Chicken Tortas - wouldn't even fill my 5 yr old nephew.

Overall the decor and music were great and the outdoor fire pit is pretty cool but if you're looking to leave hear satisfied I would go elsewhere.笑
Tourist Trap!

Classic case of over promising & under delivering....sort of reflective of sections of TO's upmarket (/hype-driven) dining establishments 

Food:1.5/5 how do you mediocritize tacos......even little tuck shops in Liberty Village like Bruno's do it way better. We tried 5 dishes, all were at best average or flavourless.

Service:2.5/5 have had better service at a sportschek. 

Decor: 4/5

Value:1/5 when you are asked if you'd like guacamole and chips as you sit down, chances are ppl are going to think it is complimentary, and definitely not expecting to be eventually charged 15$ for a guacamole dip. Sneaky! Regardless, the quality of the food is not on par with the prices charged.

Would not have gone here if we were not already in the area for the Christmas market.

Repeat: not even if this is the only place standing in a post-apocalyptic Toronto.笑
Great ambience especially in the summer if you're on the patio. Great food but small portions.笑
Great ambiance.  Even more beautiful decor.  However, the a-ok rating is attributed to the lackluster and somewhat overpriced dishes we feasted on.   

El Matamoros Ceviche - it was ok for what it was.   $11 (served in a mini margarita cup).

Sopes - chicken "tinga" with black bean purée, on a handmade corn tortilla.  The tortilla was toasted a little too hard for my liking.    $12 (for two super mini tortillas).

Crab Fritter - not as fresh as I would like the crab to taste.  It was over-fried and there wasn't much crab meat in there.  Four mini balls for $10.

Pulled chicken tacos - lacks flavour.  Mangos and coriander felt like it was just thrown in without much thought.  Tasted bland to me.  Three tacos for $15.

Swordfish tacos - batter was fried too thick.   Fish should be fried with a light batter.  You want a good fish taco?  Try Grand Electric's Baja Fish and you will know what I mean.  Three tacos for $15.

Ok, I have to admit here - I couldn't help but compare El Catrin's tacos to the infamous, Grand Electric's!  Their tacos have more flavours and a little more decently priced at $3.50 each.   But yes, you don't get the grand ambiance like El Catrin.   (GE's place is still cool).  Call me a foodie,  no matter how great the place looks, the food is what makes me stick to a place.  Don't get me wrong.  I don't mind paying $5-6 for a taco, providing that it should have the ingredients and flavours that garner that type of price point.

I felt like El Catrin is feeding you through their brightly lit decor and not so much with their food, sadly.  And for that ambiance, I guess we gotta pay for it.  I'll come back again with a group of friends as the resto calls for a nice hangout place, but don't expect the food to be out of this world. 

Lunch for two, we paid $75 (drinks and tips included).  Yes, I repeat, this was LUNCH!笑
This was my second time to El Catrin was this past Saturday, although the last time was Cinco de Mayo and I only ordered two drinks with friends. There was a fairly long line when we got in around 6:30. I went with 3 other people, we were sat on the patio and in about 5-10 min we ordered an appetizer (large guacamole) and drinks fairly quickly from Dax (our waiter, who was wearing sunglasses on the patio... at night). Waited about 10 min, ordered our mains. 

After about 10/15min, two main dishes came out together (both the Gringa Pork Tacos )Still no appetizer or drinks. Another main came out (the Crucero Del Amor). One drink showed up. Still no appetizer. My main dish finally came out (Baja Fish Tacos), still no appetizer and missing drinks. Spoke to the food runner about our appetizer, he was back with our appetizer in less than 5 minutes (fresh guacamole made right in front of us). Spoke to him about the drinks, he ran off, and we finally saw Dax again who brought them out, saying "stuff comes out of the kitchen when it's ready"... He brought us tequila shots on the house, but still. Doesn't make up for the fact that no one had drinks for a while.

End of the meal, we asked to see a dessert menu. 5/10/15 minutes go by. No waiter. We give up and after another 5 minutes, see him and ask for the bill and machine. Another 5-10 minutes go by before he's back with the machine. We left a few choice words about Dax with the hostesses, but assured them the food was great.

To be honest, our food runner would have been a much better server. Very polite and quick to solve what he could of our numerous problems. Food was fantastic, especially the guacamole; makes such a difference watching it made in front of you with fresh ingredients. My tacos were excellent, and the rest of my group liked their food as well. If only it could've all come out at once...

My condolence to anyone if you get Dax as your server. Would maybe consider going back when it's not as busy, and with the hopes that I get a different server.笑
Went here last week with husband. Patio is amazing. One of the best in toronto. Our server was this little spunky Asian girl, she was amazing. She made our experience great. We started off with the guac and mojitos, which were incredible. Then we had the Baja fish tacos and the shrimp and lobster tacos. Both amazing. Would go back for sure!笑
Margaritas were large but on the too-sweet side. Beautiful "day of the dead"-styled Mexican eatery with an abundance of outdoor seating. All the servers seemed to be gorgeous women of Latin American descent, which was nice to see in a place so touristy. Tried some chips and made-at-your-table guacamole. Good but overpriced. Overall is a great place to stop for a snack or drink outside on a beautiful day.笑
I went here for the Cinco de Mayo party. We waited apx. 2-2.5 hours in line just to get into the place. Once we got in, we realized it was a lot older people (we were 20-21), but we noticed this because we saw a few of our high school teachers there...

The food was nothing amazing. Though I liked what I got, a lot of my friends did not like it and thought it was extremely pricey. The guacamole we got was super good, and my tacos were great. However, I tried everyone else's food and it was below satisfactory. For dessert, we got churros and a loaf cake. The churros were decent, but I really liked the loaf, as it tasted like raisins (which a lot of my friends did not like). 

Maybe it was the fact that there was so many people there, maybe if it was less busy they would've put more thought into the food.笑
4 stars for the vibrant place with good music and excellent service. Ordered vegetarian burrito and margarita which were done very well. It is loud and casual on the main level and cozy atmosphere on the second floor笑
I will give 5 points only and only to the ambiance! Food portions are small and not as good that I call it THE BEST MEXICAN FOOD. But i would go again just have drinks enjoy the ambiance and head back some where else for food.笑
Been here several times sometimes just for drinks and other times for tasting menus. Never been disappointed and everyone with me has al say raved about the food afterwards. Looking forward to returning again in the summer.笑
We were the jerks that came in right before they closed and wanted seating for 17 with no reservation. They were very gracious about it.

I only came in for drinks, but when I saw they had several options for ceviche, I had to get one. I ordered the one that is served on raw oysters. It was delicious, but the size and quality didn't match the price. The place is expensive.

The decor is excellent, you feel like you're in a different world with the huge mural and all the black lighting. 

Drinks are good and service is good, but the food is overpriced. It'd be a place to go to impress someone, but that's about it.笑
I was really excited to visit this restaurant. The patio was definitely amazing, it's a great spot to meet with friends and have a drink. I tried the guac which was pretty good and I also had the fish tacos which were good. My boyfriend tried the shrimp taco's, they were not the best, the  filling was a little mushy. The ambience was great, as for the food I expected a little more! I'd be willing to try again, especially in the summer on the patio!笑
I'm giving it five stars because of Pamela. She was our server, I've had her already probably a few times now and she is amazing. 
On Saturday night, my friend and I were just getting seated on the patio and it started to rain a little. A few minutes after it started to blow wind and the rain came down. Pamela was super quick to find us a seat inside, which was greatly appreciated. This place on a Saturday evening is FULLY BOOKED. The fact that she was able to squeeze us in was great and the reason why I come back. The staff here are great.笑
I'm a sucker for anything Mexican, so of course I had to check El Catrin out. The restaurant was very crowded when we arrived at lunchtime on a Friday, which I took to be a good sign.

Our waiter recommended the La Catrina sandwich, so that's what I went with. (A quick digression on the service. Said recommendation marked the last time we saw our waiter. We were subsequently helped by two different people, and they both disappeared for long stretches at a time. We were left waiting unreasonably long for our bill, and I honestly had a hard time remembering the last time I had encountered such terrible, inconsiderate service.)

Anyway, the sandwich is advertised as coming with spicy braised chicken, tomato salsa, black bean purée, and guacamole. First off, it didn't arrive hot. My dining companion ordered fish tacos (which were bland as hell) and they arrived hot, so it seems my sandwich had been left sitting under a heat lamp far too long. The sandwich was fine, I suppose, but there was nothing special or memorable about it. The mild flavors all blended together and the end result was basically an edible mush. There was zero spice to be had, which I found odd given that this is a Mexican restaurant.

I might've been willing to return at some point to try something else, but the absolutely atrocious service ensures that I will be giving this place a wide berth from now on.笑
Same as the first time - needs a lot improvement on  service, food decent. We ordered pescadillos and pulled-pork tacos. Pescadillos for the kids. Pescador was yummy and flavourful, the pulled pork tasted like yesterday's pork that's been sitting under the heat lamp. Mini burritos were tasty too and the table side guacamole always a winner. Like our previous visit, waiter didn't appear until about 10 mins after being seated. We got the bartender this time after we inquired who our server was. He was cool and accommodating. But the tacos and pescadillos arrived first, the seafood was crispy and fresh. Our burrito and guac didn't come until we reminded our server/ bartender. Overall, fun atmosphere, even the 10 staff members that were constantly millions by around the bar, seemed to be having fun. I'd be back for the food and atmosphere.笑
This was our favourite 'find' on our short trip to Toronto!

On our last day it ended up finally being sunny and we were trying to find a nice rooftop patio to enjoy a drink. We were heading to The Mill in the Distillery District when we walked by El Catrin's amazing patio. How could we not go in? First off, it's huge, beautifully decorated (those lamp things are so cool!), lots of heat lamps and overall ambiance had a really nice laid back vibe. So we thought, sure, we'll go in, grab a drink and then move on to the next place... 3 hours later we were still there!

The drink menu is great! We tried margaritas, mojitos, drinks with burnt honey, spicy cucumber, watermelon... and the service was spot on! Great and honest suggestions and so helpful! We trusted him completely and even got him to 'surprise us' with whatever drink he thought we would like. They were all so good! '

We didn't try too many of the food items, but did have the guac (seemed like every table ordered this) which was good and fresh, the sopes de albondiga (meat balls with black bean paste on a fluffy taco - yum!), and the churros - omg I am always searching for churros and they are so hard to find in Vancouver unless you are at Rogers Arena for a concert or game! These were so good and came with 3 dipping sauces, caramel (always good), strawberry (yum yum yum) and spicy Mexican chocolate (omg good). Now that I'm looking at their website, I wish we had seen their full dessert menu, it looks so good and I would've tried everything!

Really cool place and love stumbling onto these unexpectedly good places while walking around a new city!笑
The food was good, but I have had just as good or better Mexican at other Toronto trendy restaurants and for less.  I admit the ambiance was quite nice (which is something you are partly paying for).  The service was great!笑
Flavourful and fresh food in a great patio atmosphere.  The server was knowledgeable about the menu as it was our first time here and most of it is in Spanish.  A bit pricey for smaller portions of food (tapas) but worth it overall.笑
Good vibes and good here
The drinks are all amazing
Enjoy food with friends

This is my review in Haiku :-)
:-)
:-)笑
The fish tacos are excellent, the churros are better than in Mexico, and perhaps most importantly, it feels like home to a Mexican immigrant like me. Every time we go, the food is consistently good (with the odd miss), and I'm always impressed with the atmosphere, especially when the patio is open! 

One tip: the scallop and corn dish? Three alarm hot. Proceed with caution.笑
Honestly the best mexican food I've tried in the city. I still remember it many months later (I went the morning after the famous ice storm) and tell all my friends to go try it. 

Went here for Sunday brunch with a few friends. My girlfriend is gluten and dairy free, but they had no problem accommodating her. We started off with the guacamole, which was tasty and I had only hoped had come in a bigger bowl for selfish reasons. I ordered the chilaquiles verde and my friends ordered pollo con mole tacos, pollo burritos, huevos mexicana, and huevos rancheros. The variety of flavour that just burst from the food was amazing. Actually a little overwhelming for a first meal of the day. Everyone left feeling very satisfied and agreed and this is a place to revisit. 

I was a little apprehensive originally due to the many reviews I've read about the service, but am glad to say that having a group of 6, we didn't experience any of the negative stuff being said by others. This may have been due to the fact that on the morning of the ice storm, not many people were there, but we definitely got great service all around. 

Highly recommended笑
It is my 3rd time in this restaurant. Great place to be. The atmosphere is fantastic and the food is real Mexican and not Tex-Mex. If you want to be inside the decor is inspiring but you need to make a reservation. On the patio is 1st come 1st serve, but the lines are big in the summer! 
The only negative I have is that plates are way too small and you end up spending too much...笑
Although this place is a little too hoity toity for me...I can't help but love it.  Not only is the patio one of the best in the city imo (and perhaps one of the hardest to get a seat on) but the interior decor is gorgeous as well.  The food and drinks are well worth the patio line-up, or taking a seat inside on a beautiful summer night.  I've tried both the blackberry margueritas and the watermelon, and loved them.  Food is awesome - share it so you can get a few things - in particular the fish tacos and the short rib are a few of my favourites.  Definitely recommend this restaurant!笑
I had never been to El Catrin before but went in a party of 8. As the tapas portions are rather scant and getting what you like is quite difficult. The atmosphere and service is good. The place was buzzing all night. The problem is that I went away hungry and one other attendee suggested going to McDonald's after which was partially accurate as it was $422 plus $84 for gratuity and still steep for a little food. I have been to Mexico and the decor and atmosphere was very accurate to something in Acapulco or Mazatlan .   He Ceviche de Verde for $13.95 was three mouthfuls and not as nice as I had hoped. I think a party of two would fare better having what they wanted. Big groups seem to end up being hungry . I would try it again, but not line up as the crowds were big to get in.笑
Visited with my mom, step dad, and one of my little bros. We were just grabbing drinks and apps at the inside bar while watching the game.

Our bartender was very personable and obliged us happily with our requests for extra mint in the pitcher of mojito my mom and I ordered to split. My step dad and lil bro opted for the margarita pitcher to share. The drinks (I tried both) tasted well made and seemingly they did not skimp on the booze ;) our bartender even added more while we were still working on our pitcher (shhhh! Don't tell anyone!)!

For bites, we ordered the guacamole, pickled jalepenos, and chiccarones. The guacamole was made right in front of our eyes and was very fresh and tasty. The pork rinds were light and crispy, paired well with our boozy drinks. The pickled peppers were HOT, but very good.

The space itself is very beautiful inside and the patio looks like a fun place to spend a sunny afternoon.

All in all, our party enjoyed our experience and I would like to come back to try their tacos in the near future.笑
Wow there are some tough critics out there. I'm not a foodie nor am I critical. I'm the type of person that simply enjoys a nice atmosphere with good food and good friends. And that's what we got at El Catrin last Friday night and more!

There were 6 of us ladies in total. They were more than accommodating when  we requested a move cos' it was too loud where we were sitting (we blamed our old age :) and were cold. Server and manager were always attentive. 

Atmosphere was amazing. What a gorgeous patio! Everyone enjoyed their food and drinks. Overall it was a great time and I will definitely be back to introduce other friends to this place.笑
the ambiance in the restaurant was amazing - I really love the way they decorated the place. 

the music tends to get loud after 10pm; we had great balcony seats. 

the service was on point, because it's tapas style, the food came out as it was ready. my only concern was the lack of enthusiasm the server had, to the point where it felt she didn't want to be there.

The food: very flavourful, we had the chicken burritos & tacos alongside the guac. everyone I spoke too was raving about how I had to try it and how delicious it was, but I found it to be alright, nothing over the top special. 

it's hard to get walk in reservations, I can't believe I saw people eating on their patio- it was freezing outside!笑
Love the ambience and set-up of this restaurant. If you decide to visit this place at Distillery, you must order the fresh guacamole that's made fresh and ceviche.笑
Amazing. They mix the guacamole right at your table so it's super fresh. Also, the best fish tacos I've ever had in my life.笑
Rather supposed at the bad reviews. We went for lunch today and thought it was great. Loved the cocktails, thought the sauces for the stuffed peppers had tons of flavor and depth. Loved the chic burrito and shrimp tacos. Great decor...we sat at the bar笑
Great ambiance! Especially the exotic patio! Perfect for summer!
Food is well prepared. Love the guacamole and corn, churros is average tho.
Will definitely come back to try tequila next time!笑
How can you not go in here at least once, just looking at the heated patio and all the people having a good time with their margaritas and other delicious looking drinks. (Boy, do I feel bad for the hostess and waitresses that have been stationed to work outside during the winter though) 

The place is grand and absolutely gorgeous. Definitely not something you'd expect in Toronto. There are giant lights (seriously so big that if you turn it upside down, it could turn into a hot tub), beautifully painted walls, an antique looking bar area (that's HUGE by the way) and delightful mexican skull decor all around. Seriously a babe looking place! F'real. 

Service is very friendly, although definitely not too quick. They definitely tailor to each customer individually, and if they're serving the person ahead of you, they won't even give you a second look until it's your turn. It took 5 minutes for us to get noticed and seated, even though the restaurant was emptyish for lunch. It didn't take long enough for me to start seriously complaining though. 

Food was mediocre. Sure, it was served warm and nicely, but it wasn't nothing memorable. Just typical burritos and sandwiches. We ordered a side of the corn and chips by accident- I read corn, got too excited and expected cobs of delicious mexican corn. But instead, it was a dish of creamy corn and some pita chips- SO NOT WORTH $9! I'd definitely have the guac with the chips next time, as I watched the waitress mash up the avocado in front of the table beside us. Sad times! ;_; The drinks look incredible though, as I watched the bartender shake and mix his heart away. I'd definitely go for a few if I came back during the evening.笑
2.5 stars rounding down to 2..

The only thing that stood-out me here was the ambience..

Service was super slow on a Sunday evening, the place was filled with bus boys but under-staffed with waiters and waitresses..

For a table of 4, we ordered a guacamole with corn-chips, braised-lamb shoulder, deep-fried cod taco, lobster and shrimp taco, and some sort of guac- seafood dish..

The guac is definitely the highlight of the food!! Pretty much a must have..

I was going have a catch of the day grilled in banana leaf.. but it was sold out, insisting on trying something from the chef recommended section, I went with the braised lamb shoulder.. for about $15... lamb shoulder was dry, stale, and chewy.... it also didn't have any lamp flavour.. as it didn't have any fattiness to the meat..probably about 6oz in total..

Cod taco didn't work out either..$20 for 4 mini tacos.. the deep-fried cod reminded me of cheap frozen "high liner" fillets from the frozen section at a no frills supermarket... the soft taco flour was thick and tasteless..

Now that I think about it, seems like nothing we ordered was actually chef made except for the guac which was made right in-front of you by the server.

Place had really nice patio, a nice fire pit, nice chairs and setting, professional looking team, but shitty food..笑
This is the best Mexican restaurant in Toronto and in the summer one of the best patios too.  Definitely come check this place out,  it's a local favourite around the distillery.笑
Great place for friends hanging out or on a date! I was just here for  lunch, and while the wait is long, it's worth it.  I love the music, the colourful tables and drinks, and the service. I had the vegetarian burrito which was surprisingly better than many vegetarian burritos I've had in the past. The hand made tortillas make a huge difference. I'll be back soon to try out their dinner menu! also had a white sangria (I think that's what the server said it was. I basically pointed at the orange beverage with citrus slices in it) which was yummy!  (I couldn't finish it though since it was a bit strong. I'm definitely a lightweight haha.)  One star off because the hostess  said they're not allowed to give out waiting times.笑
Been here twice now for the amazing patio and also super cool decor inside. The tacos are quite good but wasn't the biggest fan of the cerviche with oyster. The standard guacamole is also pretty good but not stellar but not bad either. Service is pretty good too. So it's all around pretty good times here I recommend for a pretty good dinner but amazing environment.笑
From decoration to music to the nice staff, El Catrin has a very cool vibe. They have a huge bar with a good variety of tequilas and a good menu of Mexican dishes. I am a big fan of Mexican food and having lived in US for several years i have tried many many Mexican restaurants. I think the food at El Catrin is not the best Mexican food i've had but it is pretty good. We tried a few different dishes. The elote placero (corn on cob) was very good but the ones i've had before had more cheese and toppings and theirs was not as gourmet. We also tried the octopus, the "Vuelve a la vida" Ceviche, the braised short rib and baja tacos. My favorite dish of all was the tacos followed by the short ribs. We also got the chorus for dessert. The chocolate sauce with the chorus was great. They knew that we were there for a special occasion and they brought us a complimentary dessert as well. 
Overall we really liked El Catrin and would definitely go there again. The outdoor patio looked amazing so we would love to try that next time. 

Food: 4/5
Service and atmosphere: 5/5
Price: 4/5
Overall: 4.5/5笑
Just found my new favourite place in Toronto. Managed to snag a spot on the patio here, which has some fantastic ambience to say the least. Felt like I was on vacation in the middle of the city. We were promptly greeted by our server, and the drinks arrived quickly after. The margaritas were the table favourite, although the sangria and mojito were also good (definitely recommend that margarita though!). 

We ordered literally the entire "snack" menu to start. The guacamole was excellent (prepared table-side), and came with three delicious fresh salsas and what appeared to be house-made tortilla chips. The pickled jalapeños and vegetables were great as well, although don't take a giant bite out of the pepper like I did- it's not messing around with the spice level! Corn nuts, popcorn, and chicharrones were all just good tasty bar food. 

For round two our group tried the baja tacos, scallop ceviche, mariscos burritos, and vegetarian burritos. All were demolished in short order, to rave reviews. And yes, the portion sizes were small; the mini burritos were indeed miniature, and the ceviche was only a few bites. But that's what you should expect with a tapas-style menu, and just keep ordering until you're full, because the flavours are more than satisfying. 

Our server (don't remember a name, but she was a petite blonde) was very busy out on the patio, but always found time to check on us and refill waters and offer more drinks. We had more guests show up than expected, at random times, and she dealt with it with a smile on her face. Big thumbs up in the service department. 

All in all, one of the best restaurant experiences I've had in Toronto in a long time, and my fiancé and I are both service industry veterans. El Catrin just gained two new regulars.笑
Go for the ambiance, not the food.  Beautiful patio...  great place to unwind with friends on a lazy afternoon.  Smart servers took margarita orders for the long line-up of guests waiting for tables.  Too bad they seemed on the watered-down side (after 2-3 margaritas, noone was feeling aglow).  I switched to a mint/cucumber agua fresca which I enjoyed very much (sweet, flavourful & refreshing.

Guacamole & chips were demolished ravenously by all diners.
The Sierra (mahi) ceviche was very fishy & unpleasant for my liking.
Tacos were so-so overall:
*didn't arrive terribly warm to the table
*Cochinita pibil seemed dry even though it was covered in sauce; the pickled cabbage way outshone the pork!
*Noone like the wild mushroom version...  very bland.
*Pastor was the best of the bunch although 2/5 diners enjoyed the lobster/shrimp variation most笑
It must be the allure of the area and the patio that drives high traffic at this establishment... There is no way it's the food.  I got a large guacamole, it was $17.00 before tax?! The chips were stale, almost chewy they were so stale and I had asked for spicy guac, they gave me something that can only be described as green tasteless mush ... The waitress at the bar did a great job making me feel like the biggest inconvenience.  If you want a good meal go to Clunys down the street!笑
This place was an absolute shocker. 

I first came across El Catrin on the way to a holiday party in the district and loved the decor. I decided to treat my husband to brunch here and it did not go as planned. 
We ordered our drinks and some salad and both were absolutely amazing and filling surprisingly. We then ordered the much talked about 'Baja Taco' and all went south from there on...

On my first couple of bites I really liked it but by the time I was done something was really wrong in my stomach. I do have a sensitive tummy towards bad seafood and that's why I only eat from the good/expensive places where I can trust the quality. 

This fish however was either stale or cooked in old/bad oil because I felt horribly sick and couldn't even try the shrimp and lobster taco afterwards. My husband however had skipped the Baja taco and was feeling perfectly fine while I had the Baja exiting at ferocious velocity from the north and south of my body.

Mos..t.... pain...ful..... treat... ev...er!笑
Came here for lunch on Saturday ....ended up having brunch (lunch begins at 3pm?)

The weather was beautiful so we sat on the large outdoor patio. Previously the Boiler House, now renovated to it's brightly decorated with mexican colours, murals, oversized outdoor lighting fixtures and tables perfect for large groups. 
We were quickly greeted by our server who was friendly and attentive and maintained regular contact with us throughout our meal.

Food:

GUACAMOLE EN LA MESA - $9
 - comes served in mortar and pestle and mixed by the server right before your eyes
 - taste was fresh and simple
 - served with chips which were greasy
 - good serving for three people to share- any more and I would recommend getting two orders

TACOS GOBERNADOR - $14
 - serving of three small soft tacos
 - a lot of lobster but not much else. thankfully table condiments are provided at the time of seating so that you can add to taste

TACOS DE PEZ ESPADA A LA PARRILLA - $14
 - serving of three small soft shell tacos with a slice of grilled swordfish with black bean puree and guacamole
 - flavour was mild and visually uneventful

CHURROS - $6
 - serving of three long skinny churros accompanied by cajeta, chocolate and strawberry sauce for dipping
 - sweet sugary dessert reminiscent of spain

drinks:

SANGRIA - $9 glass
 - nice but a little over priced 

TRADITIONAL MARGARITA - $10
 - drink tasted weak; could have been more tart 

overall impression:

I wouldn't recommend coming for brunch but it might be a fun place to meet friends before a night out.笑
Went here on labour day Monday for dinner on the patio.  It was a little slow to be seated, despite a lot of empty tables.  The service speed was slow, but not terrible.
The patio was nice, and the inside of the restaurant was very nicely decorated.

Between the three of us, we ordered the Ceviche Trio, Guacamole, Fish tacos and pork belly.  All of the dishes were disappointing, with the exception of the fish tacos, which were exceptionally well done.  The ceviche and pork belly lacked flavour, and the pork belly was over cooked.

If the food was not disappointing enough, the bill came and our meal with beers was a $160.  The food and service was definitely not worth this much.  I will not be coming back.笑
The food was spicy and excellent, though I did use the spiciest sauce. I had a vegetarian burrito. The wait staff were a little too eager to please and it came across as awkward but it didn't matter. The price was pretty steep but it's to be expected in the District.笑
I thought the food here was fantastic. Some of the best fish tacos I've ever had. Given it's a larger venue with a lot of tables close together - it felt intimate without feeling empty. The atmosphere is fantastic, and the servers were VERY informed about the menu. Before we ordered he explained all the sections, what his recommendations were, and outlined a variety of options and asked if we had any sensitivities, allergies or favorites.

I would definitely go back here again - if not for the Churros alone! :)笑
Love this place! The food is amazing (the fish tacos are to die for), the margaritas are delicious, the decor is gorgeous & the outdoor patio is the best spot during the summer. A bit pricey but well worth the splurge every now & then.笑
Food overall was good. The guacamole was delicious just wished we had got more! Definitely cannot complain about the other dishes we had. Was it the best Mexican food... No... Did it hold its own? Absolutely. I am only giving it 3 stars though due to the service. The place is overly packed and the servers are just too busy. The menu isn't the most intuitive and our server just had no time to explain. We also saw food being delivered to the wrong table over and over again... Made us think about how many stops our food did!笑
1: Poor 2: OK 3: Good 4: Very Good 5: Excellent

Food: 4
Service: 4
Ambiance: 4
Overall: 4

Extra information:

* Takes reservation
* Patio seats
* Late night
* Private Parties

Although Distillery is a pretty cool spot, I rarely hang out there. Sure, there are couple cool restaurants and coffee shops plus all the photos turn out pretty amazing- but can I just mention how expensive it is to park there? But now that El Catrin is there, I might need to suck it up and go to Distillery District more so often. Beginning of August I got to check out what they had to offer and I walked out completely satisfied thanks to Yvonne for inviting me.

Once I walked in, I was utterly amazed by how beautiful the restaurant was. Bright colored Mexican graffiti on the wall with intricately carved out metal lamps hanging from the ceiling just took my breath away.

Ordered: Mojito Brasilia 5/5

* $8 for a glass
* This was a nice light cocktail to start off the meal

Ordered: Guamamole 4/5

* Made with avocado, tomato, red onion, cilantro and serrano chili served with chips for $9.00
* They bring out all the ingredients in a bowl and make it at your table side
* I loved the in-house made chips
* I just wished the guacamole had a little more kick to it but that's just my personal preference
* Perfect appetizer dish to share with everybody before the main

Ordered: Trio Ceviche 4/5

* 3 different ceviche for $29.00
* Ceviche De Atun made with tuna, lime juice, watermelon and habanero vinaigrette
* Vuelve A La Vida El Catrin made with pacific oyster with ceviche of shrimp, octopus, scallops, red onion and Acapulco cocktail sauce
* Tribilin (old goofy style) made with snapper, beef, shrimp, onion, tomato marinated in lemon juice
* Great dish to order so you get to sample everything
* My favorite was the Tribilin

Ordered: Tacos Baja 5/5

* 3 tacos for $15.00
* crispy fried haddock, red coleslaw, chipotle dip, salsa roja on flour tortilla
* Hands down one of my favorite fish taco in Toronto
* Flour tortilla was super fluffy and I loved the chipotle dip
* Just enough kick and the haddock was fried to perfection
* I couldn't get enough of this taco

Ordered: Tacos Al Pastor 3/5

* 3 tacos for $15.00
* Corn tortilla filled with shaved pork marinated in Axiote with pineapple, fresh cilantro and chopped onion
* This I found it to be a little dry compared to the fish taco

Ordered: Frutas Fresca 5/5

* Tromba Blanco, Patron Citronage and agave nectar for $11/glass or $45/pitcher
* Choose from fresh pineapple, mango, blackberry or watermelon
* I can't get over how much I loved this drink, I chose pineapple and it was perfect
* Def need to go back and order a pitcher (obv not all for myself)

Ordered: Lechon Crujiente 5/5

* Crispy pork over plantain and lentil stew, bell pepper jalapeno relish
* Pork was crispy and cooked perfectly
* Platain and lentil stew went well with the crispy texture of pork
* One of my favorite dishes and it's a must order

Ordered: Costilla Corta En More Negro 4/5

* Beef short rib braised 24 hours with black mole sauce, sweet potato puree, sauteed sugar snap peas for $14

Ordered: Churros 4/5

* served with cajeta, chocolate and strawberry sauce for $6
* I didn't really care for any of the sauces
* Churros was done nicely, crispy outside and slightly moist inside

Ordered: Tres Leche Cake 5/5

* Served with sweet crispy corn crumble for $6
* This cake was so moist and it was a perfect way to end a meal

Summary: Overall I was so satisfied with my meal at El Catrin, food was excellent and it was nice to dine at a Mexican restaurant where I could have variety. I am def going back for my fish taco and pineapple margarita! If you are planning to head to El Catrin, make sure to call ahead and make reservation because the wait time is kind of ridiculous. I was just in the area the other day and I saw around 15 people lined up outside the restaurant...and this was on a Monday night!笑
Delicious food and I will be back.  But, they really need better management of the wait staff,  our waiter was brutal and should be fired.  Luckily the rest of the competent and friendly wait staff took our order and generally took care of us so my lunch companion was able to make her after lunch appointment otherwise it would have been a disaster.

A good meal shouldn't depend on how lucky you are with the wait staff.笑
Group of 7, service & food were wonderful! Had the 7 course tasting menu, perfect amount of food and variety. Love the decor, beautiful to look at. Margaritas were fantastic too!笑
I would give this 3.5 but apparently no half stars allowed. The food was delicious and the service was great. A lot of people seem to complain that the sizes are small and the price is high. I would look at this for what it is. It is really a tapas bar. Sizes are small because you are meant to share. Prices are high because the food is good. If you want a cheap taco go to Taco Bell. I had a swordfish taco and a tortilla soup for $23 and left full. Looking fwd to going back in the summer. The patio is great.笑
We've been here a few times in the last two years.  But today was disappointing. You see the restaurant's true hospitality when you bring little ones.  The host guy was not pleasant and said that there is no room for strollers.  I've been here with my first child and seated at the front area with no issues.  So in the end, I'm lugging my second child in an enfant seat to the back of the restaurant next to the kitchen, and coaching my 2 year old to follow me as I excuse myself past a few patrons.  This could have been prevented if he seated us in the front as he did with a family that walked in an hour after us!  

 As for the food, we felt that the quality has gone down.  The guacamole did not taste great, especially for $13 (which we were not aware of or the cost for extra hot sauce, which was $5).

Sadly we brought family visiting from outside of the country to this place. I realized ambience is not an excuse for bad service and poor quality food!  Never coming back!笑
The food is pricy and always comes as small portions. If you are expecting a regular "canadian" size, its not a place to be, but definitely go for the quality. Also dont forget to take their brazillian mohitos and chips and guacamole!!笑
This place goes down as the place with the best guac I've ever had. The server mashes up all the ingredients in the bowl right in front of you and you're able to ask for more chips if you run out. I would honestly come back and order the guac as a main just because it was that good. The tacos were a good size, and I was more than satisfied with 2 tacos but made the mistake of ordering 3. Each tacos comes with 2 tortillas. The churros are also really good and worth ordering. 

The decor is something special and you just can't help but to look around. If you'd like to show off, this is a place you'd bring your guest to!笑
I came during a non busy time and everything was perfect. Great decor, yummy sangria and the chicken burrito with the side salad was delicious! A bit expensive but good if you want to treat 'yoself. Very nice staff and service was prompt.笑
I quite enjoy visiting Distillery District, whether it is to take out of town guests around, to walk around during the summer, or during the Christmas Market. The last time we went it was winter and quite cold so my family and I were looking for a cozy place to eat and warm ourselves up. El Catrin has a lovely patio with heaters and a fire pit that allowed us to sit outside comfortably.
We ordered guacamole and chips to share, and it was cool to watch the guacamole made at the table. We ordered pulled pork tacos and the Baja tacos to share. I particularly enjoyed the Baja tacos with the crunch of the battered fish and freshness of the slaw.
The inside of the restaurant is pretty cool looking too with exposed brick, colourful murals, and interesting lighting fixtures. It is a cool place to hang out all year round while enjoying pretty decent Mexican food. Oh, forgot to mention they do 7 course and 9 course tasting menus! Looking forward to going back there to try some of their house specialties and ceviche. 
3.25 stars.

(41/100)笑
I have been fortunate enough to eat at El Catrin several times already since it opened; every time has been an excellent experience! 

On all three occasions service has been great. The last time we are there in began to rain and the waiter promptly moved us in inside to keep us dry. They also went above and beyond and provided the ladies in our group with blankets to ensure they were kept warm. 

Food has been a home run every time. The tacos and ceviches are a must! Our favourite was the Taco Sudados which we got spicy. One of the best Tacos i've had in the city. The watermelon tuna ceviche was the tables favourite. 

Cocktail menu is fun to go through and there is a vast selection of drinks!

I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the mood for Mexican or a fun night out. The decor of the restaurant is also fantastic!笑
Very disappointed. Mexican food has been my favorite cuisine for years and I've always managed to find a great place with every new city I move to, and this one is a bust. Their ingredients are fresh, I'll give them that, but $11 for guacamole? That is far too expensive, especially since the waitress mashes it in front of you, and you get to see it is not a gold plated tomato. 1 Avocado and 2TBS of onion/tomato/cilantro somehow equals $11. Hmm......

Additionally, we ordered the Tostada Bahia which does not mention that the seafood is ceviche on the menu which is clearly something that should be. It was nothing to write home about. Even the server said its not that great.

I will not be back to try a second go.笑
This is a one-time deal if you are more about food than you are about flash. The venue is beautiful, well decorated and sticks to the Mexican theme. Great for pictures and lots of ooh and ahhs.

Service was friendly but nothing exceptional. They were happy to split bills for our group of 9 which was very helpful. They also sent a round of complimentary tequila shots. Nice touch :)

If this was a bar or lounge I would have scored it higher but it is a restaurant and that's where it wanders into "meh" territory. We shared the following taco dishes. You get 3 of the same variety for $15.

Shrimp: this was more than a medium spice, which I love but no warning on the menu. Also served on something akin to a naan bread rather than a classic corn taco.

Baja: typical fried fish taco with slaw. Doesn't even come close to La Carnita. This actually came on a traditional corn shell.

Braised beef: also served on a naan bread, and ridcilously over salted.

To drink we had a pitcher of red wine sangria ($39) and it was okay but not super flavourful.

All in all, go once try it out but don't say I didn't warn you. This is more style than substance and I was really hoping the food would be more exceptional.笑
Service was extremely slow and waitress had a bad attitude despite us trying to lighten the mood. Timing was terrible with food and ceviche was disgusting; oyster was fishy and slimy and overall it was warm, not cold.笑
Great patio, friendly service and good food!  Guacamole made at the table with a mortar and pestle!  Ceviche and fish tacos were delicious. Prices are a bit higher than expected but I guess it's a combination of the location and the quality of the food. I could sit there and drink my summer days away.笑
I'd love to tell you something about the food, or drinks - or even water. Unfortunately no one ever served us. After over 5 minutes of sitting at our table no one even acknowledged us. There were plenty of empty tables so business isn't an excuse (and it never should be). We left and on our way out we told the hostess that no one even looked our way - she didn't even offer to call a manager. Sad thing is that we've heard this is a common occurrence here - people just sitting waiting for a bone to be thrown that way. The food around us looked good but I refuse to ever come back.笑
We had reservations had to wait in line in order to get a table still as it was absolute madness. However well worth the extra 15 mins. I would have liked to sit on their patio but what they don't tell u when u make reservations is that you have reservations for indoors. So that was a bummer! 

However the minute you enter inside you are welcomed by Mexican music a great mural. The ambiance is defiantly Mexican. The food is great however portions are very small so beware. 

We started off with nachos and guacomele. They crush the guacamole in front of you so you know its fresh. For 10.00 you dress guac and handful of nachos I'm serious a handful. 

I ordered the pulled pork tacos and my wife the pollo burrito . All snack size but meal size pricing . The food is delish ambiance amazing!! However portions are small and pricing does not reflect what you are paying for.  It's tapas style so remember that when ordering. I would say nicest patio in the city!笑
Really exquisite Mexican food. Lovely busy patio. Exceptional service. Reasonable prices.笑
Fancy schmancy (is that even a word?) mexican restaraunt, however when I went in I mayyyy have felt slightly underdressed but was welcomed in and seated and felt real comfortable almost immediately. Unfortunately I was on a pre-concert drinking fiasco so I cannot comment on the food, HOWEVER.... my friend and I were there to indulge in some tequila, and there was a wall about 25-30 feet high and like 150-200 feet wide, COMPLETELY STOCKED with a vast variety of tequilas, ranging in prices per shot of a semi standard 8 dollars, to a nearly obscene $250 dollar shot!!! like whoaaaaaaaa.... so whatever me and my friend grabbed a couple shots that I think were 12 and 16 bucks each, which they paired with a chaser shot specific to that type of tequila, and also said though that because it was going to be so smooth, we may not need the chaser.... but there it was. We didn't end up needing it though.... a nice smooth shot or two in a upscale but comfortable athmosphere, can't go wrong..... try it out next time you're in the distillery district.笑
The duck pizza was a bit dry and the shredded duck didn't taste very fresh.

My waiter didn't seem very interested in being there or how our meals were - I waited a while for water, drinks, and food service.

Huge patio is great if you have time to wait in the summer, but not my to-do spot.

That said, I would go again.笑
So I've been there many times. My last two visits were not good - the last of which was insulting. Here's how it went. The first time the service was ridiculously slow.  It took 30 minutes to get even the check and another 10 to find the machine to pay. I complained. They encouraged me to come back. Said they'd take care of me. I gave it a shot. 

They must have recorded the complaint because the waitress went on and on about how she would make sure that I was well taken care of.  They reminded me of the issues last time and wanted it to be better this time.

So the second time - the food was mediocre. Service improved but again disappeared after a bit. It concluded with an insult. They didn't honour their promise to do something for me. They didn't comp anything. Not even a discount. Not even the chips and guacamole.

I'm not sure what's happened there but in not going back.  It would have been better if they said nothing when I returned. 
*********+*

Update - I've responded twice to the person who replied.   It is now 30 days since I posted and I have yet to have any email returned. Seriously?!笑
Absolutely must have it the fish taco!!  And of course the fresh guacamole. Very nice place enjoyed every minute of it. The atmosphere, the decorations, the staff.  The only reason I didn't give them 5 star is their chairs are uncomfortable. I guess they did them that way on purpose.笑
Fun place with great decor and atmosphere.  Wish it was warmer, as it looks like they have an awesome patio. Not cheap for Mexican fare, but to be expected I guess in the Distillery district笑
If you are looking for some good, authentic Mexican food, this is definitely the place to be. Depending on how busy it is you may have to wait to get in (unless you've made a reservation) but it's worth it. The host/hostess enjoy talking to customers as well and it truly kills the time. The atmosphere is STUNNING and almost has that rustic vintage feel to it. It  includes some traditional Mexican art pieces. The food is incredibly fresh.

My friends and I came in the winter.  Our waiter was very humorous and kind.  We truly connected with  him.  He was very friendly and often gave us suggestions on what to eat and drink. He also knew a little history about the restaurant which was interesting. 

Most important is the food. Wow, I may be over exaggerating when I say that their ingredients are the freshest ingredients in the world. I loved that they hand crush their famous guacamole right in front of you, not to mention the taste is unforgettable. I had a seafood taco and well as a Mexican salad and a small chorizo sandwich. Full of flavour and absolutely amazing. To add on to that, this restaurant is very cautious of allergies and make sure that every customer is satisfied. I believe that their menu is fairly priced as well. 

If you are thinking of taking your family, friends or both to this restaurant, without a doubt, you should choose to travel to El Catrin and eat your Mexican heart out.笑
Coming here you would never think you were in Toronto, maybe the Gas Lamp district in San Diego. I love going to the distillery district because you feel like you're in a totally different place outside of Toronto. The restaurant is very contemporary and the decor is stunning. We sat outside on this unusually warm day but the heaters are all over in case you get warm. There's a huge fire pit in the middle, as well. We already knew what we wanted and didn't take much time to order. We got an order of the guacamole made table side, fish tacos, chicken burritos, and chicken tacos (since they no longer had the braised beef :(). It wasn't really made table side. She just did a couple turns and that was it. It's not really a big deal anyway for me. It wasn't too bad but just a bit salty. However you could tell it was fresh. Our mains came out right away. I can't speak much for the fish tacos as I don't eat seafood but it was a huge piece on each taco. My friend said it was his second favorite to one he either ate in California or Mexico (but hey that's a serious compliment). My chicken tacos were delicious in the mole sauce. They were fresh and the ingredients complimented each other well. The flour tortillas tasted authentic to what I've had in Mexico. The burritos were ok but nothing out of the ordinary. I did really like the sauce it came with, though. Without it, definitely would have been a disappointment. For dessert we had the tres leches cake. It was so delicious and fluffy. I wish it was bigger. Next time I'll be getting my own! It didn't even need the sugary cereal fixings on the side. Inside the restaurant they have a Day of the  Dead theme going on with skulls and very cool lighting. The washrooms are unisex but kept very clean with a personal sink in every stall. The back of the patio was beautiful with the flowers. It is for sure a place to go to with someone special or a really nice outing with your closest people as it does add up. Although it is small on plates I have to say I was pretty full. I wish I was able to try the drinks but was on antibiotics. My friend got a beer he has only been able to get in the west coast of the States and it came in a cool bottle. It is called Negra Modelo and comes highly recommended. I would for sure come back. My one complaint would be that the service isn't very friendly. The hostess seemed like she just wanted to get the heck out and our waitress was pretty nonchalant. Not rude, but disinterested. I will be coming back to try some other dishes. And I do hope they bring back some beef tacos.笑
Not real Mexican food, I don't know what their corn tortillas are made of but that wasn't corn and were not cooked throughly. Portions are on the small side specially the salsas which are key to any Mexican meal. Their Michelada was weird, not tasty and not Mexican style at all. Good atmosphere and service but not a place I will go back. And btw I am Mexican! Born and raised so I do know a thing or two about Mexican food...笑
Keeping it real:

-Expensive
-Small Portion
-Tourist Trap
-Not authentic Mexican cuisine

The patio is cool.   They have a large selection of tequila.

If you are looking for Mexican food, go elsewhere.  The tables are jammed right next to each other.  The menu is sparse and very exotic.  Nothing that you would see at a real Mexican restaurant.

This place is only good for drinks and expensive appetizers.

3/5笑
Best fish tacos I've ever had! I was recommended this place by several colleagues of mine, and it did not disappoint. Thankfully, I had a reservation, or I would've been waiting for a while outside. My waitress, Steph, was extremely gracious and very knowledgable of the menu. She essentially recommended things, and I willingly obliged. Someone please give Steph a gold star for me! If you get to go, ask for Steph, and let her recommend everything for you, I promise you'll enjoy it!笑
Damn this place was something else.  We arrived around 3:30pm early autumn and it was quite warm.  We were lucky enough to grab a seat on the rather large patio that oddly enough has a huge fireplace!  That in itself has earned the place a star.  Shortly after we arrived and were through a couple of (pricey) cocktails, we could see the lineup getting rather caterpillar-like, as it stretched probably through the whole Distillery District.   This is the place where people dress up to look pretty.

The server was very professional and all staff were courteous and polite throughout.  I ordered the mango salad only because i was extremely hungover from the previous night and did not have much of an appetite.  My date ordered the fish tacos, and our appetizer was the much famed guacamole, which I might add has earned its fame. 
 
As time passed, and I somehow kept from passing out due to alcohol intake, I noticed it getting a bit cool.  I was about to flag someone down to see if we could get some interior seats when I felt some kind of heat sensation on my shoulders and head.  "What's this?" I exclaimed.  Oh there's heat lamp above the patio.  Brilliant touch.

The food here is most likely in the top 3 Mexican I've had in the city.  I've been to a few places and it's really hard to give a fair judgement when the ambience your eating in is this stellar.
I'm not too acquainted with the interior of this establishment, but as I remember on my way to and from the washroom, it was very bright. Sorry for not being very descriptive, but I was barely coherent the entire day.

I would go back to this place in a second, and I'd be sure to do it sober and on an empty stomach so I can give this gem the review it deserves.笑
I only got to spend an hour at this awesome place. I had the guacamole which was amazing. I basically licked the bowl clean. I ordered it picante..and it really was hot...which is what I love. Ordered a couple of the tequila flights, which I also recommend.

Received a plethora of information from whom I can only assume was the bar manager (i didn't get his name) I learned a lot about the intricacies of tequila...reposado, blanco, anejo, etc. Very informative and delicious.

The decor is very interesting and eclectic... I cannot comment on the food....other than the bang'n table side guac. When in Toronto I will definitely return... 

Four stars may be a stretch, considering my limited exposure to this place... hard to say a place is 4 stars without trying anything beyond the guacamole and tequila, but it is a great space and I loved what I had.... the washrooms are cool too.笑
Finally got to try this place.Stopped in here with a friend for lunch today. We did the lunch special - one salad and two tacos for $15. I had the El Catrin salad which was flavorful and also a decent sized portion. I tried the Baja and Gorbernator tacos. Neither was mind blowing, but they were still enjoyable. I thought there was too much batter on the cod in the Baja and it overwhelmed the rest of the ingredients. The shrimp in the Gorbernator were not up to much, but I liked the sauce on that taco. I also enjoyed the three salsas they provided. I tried the Michelada it was the hugest drink ever. I wasn't in love with it, so I left some behind which is saying something for this girl. The best thing about this experience other than hanging out with my chica, was the ambiance. I really liked their patio and I was down with the tunes they had going. I have a feeling I will be back here soon to explore other items on the menu.笑
3.5 

I liked this place but the value is not that great.  $130 for 12 tacos, a pitcher of a not too potent, but flavourful, margarita and guacamole.  The pork belly tacos were delicious and so were the baja style ones but for that money we could have had a gourmet meal.  I feel like a lot of negative reviews on here are a little over the top and bitter because of how popular this place is.  The food here is good, it's just expensive.  That's no reason to bash its quality.笑
Good food. Baja Tacos are great, as is the street corn appetizer. Food seems to arrive at the table randomly. Service was attentive.笑
Mexican food? Well, far from it. It claims to have a well know chef. I don't doubt he maybe a great chef...but I have to say, the food lacks the flavour and originality of Mexican food. 

I asked for the basic original tacos and they don't serve them. I mean, how difficult is to make beef tacos. All you need is your plane corn tortillas, chopped up beef with seasoning (well good beef all it needs is a bit of salt), finely chopped up raw onions, chopped up cilantro and some pico de gallo sauce. Plain and simple. 

The taco selections the have, don't meet expectations, specially for someone with discriminating taste. The good is edible but that's it. 

I wouldn't recommend this place. Hard to find good Mexican restaurants. I actually found a good Mexican restaurant in Vancouver called Las Margaritas. That place is run by an excellent manager and he is Mexican too and has been in the business for many years, they also have restaurants in Texas.

I lived in Mexico for a couple of years and I learned about real Mexican food. There is nothing like experiencing real day to day cooking not just in fancy restaurants.
---------
REPLY TO YOUR RESPONSE:
I am sorry Rick, you are assuming that I just traveled; sadly, mistaken, I lived in Mexico for some time...I mean, I really lived there; i.e. Lived and worked in Mexico. I do know the different varieties of dishes and flavour of Mexican cuisine, not high end, tourists trap restaurants. I mean daily life Mexican cuisine. From the capital, Oaxaca, Veracruz, Quintana Roo, Puebla, Monterrey, Guadalajara...etc. You talked about food from the interior of Mexico, that's exactly what I mean. Please, don't assume that I gave you that review; just to be and ass, I did not, i meant it, every word...your cuisine just DON'T MEASURE UP. The excuse about Tapas, it's lame. The cost for what you offer as "so called Tapas" is ridiculous and it's not worth the money.
I WILL NEVER GO BACK AGAIN...or dare to recommend your restaurant to anyone.笑
Went to El Catrin the other night for a staff dinner party. Really enjoyed the atmosphere and food. Food was delicious and our waiter was very friendly. Will be going back again and highly recommended for anyone looking for nice Mexican restaurant笑
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Toronto. I love Mexican food there. I am impressed by the beautiful design. I will go back again for sure笑
Love the atmosphere here. Great music, service and decent food.  This is the perfect place to have drinks with friends on the patio on a nice sunny day. If you are coming during dinning hours, expect a minimum 30 mins wait.  They don't take reservations for their patio, its first come first serve. If you want to make reservations for prime dinning time, you need to book at least 2 weeks in advance. 
 
For food, we ordered the guac, shrimp mango salad, tuna watermelon cerviché, corn on the Cobb, baja fish tacos and shrimp lobster tacos.  Everything is edible but nothing really stood out to me. 

The service on the hand was fantastic. Our server was super friendly and efficient. She accommodated all of our requests which is the only reason why I gave it a 4 star as oppose to 3.笑
I had the worst experience on Saturday evening.   The management staff were both incompetent and clearly did not care about our dining experience.  After waiting nearly 90 minutes for a table on the patio were we told it had be closed for the past hour and would not likely open for the remainder of the evening.  After asking why they waited so long to inform us they had no rational nor did they appear to care.  I would considered returning had we not spent nearly $40 on only three drinks while waiting and been mocked and patronized by management.  El Catrin, there are several excellent Mexican restaurants in Toronto where I would gladly spend my money and where I am certain to feel respected.  Shame on you!笑
I was lucky enough to be there at the launch. It's beautiful inside with a handpainted mural.
Here's the short version of my blog.

The mojitos are the best I've ever had. Beef braised rib, pork taco and jumbo shrimp with red rice were my favourites. Freshest guacamole on the planet and the ceviche de atun(tuna and watermelon) was fantastic.

The service was amazing at the launch. By reading the earlier reviews, I hope they get the kinks out. This place has a lot of potential. The chef is from Mexico!

Click my name and check out the rest on my blog or just go to the restaurant and see for yourself!笑
Fantastic patio and ambience! Food was great with some dishes better then others. My group of 4 really enjoyed the fish tacos and shrimp/lobster tacos, grilled sword fish, and ceviche. We definitely could have gone without the pulled chicken burrito and crab cake. Lamb chops were moist but I wish they had a nice spicy crust. The dessert trio was excellent with the churros and Mexican chocolate bar being excellent. All the drinks were fantastic. The only major criticism was the service which was incredibly slow! If you need some extra nacho chips or tortillas forget about it. You are lucky if you get them by dessert!笑
I've been here for brunch and also for friday evening tapas and drinks. The brunch was a great experience, the decor and ambiance is lovely and the sangria was done just right. I loved my french toast with mango, it was fresh and delicious.
However the tacos are not mind-blowing. They're pretty good and this is a very nice place to hangout and I love the patio but it is very pricey.

Overall, great ambiance but average food for very high prices.笑
After the Enrique/Pitbull concert being cancelled, my teenage daughter and I went exploring all over Toronto. El Catrin came highly recommended from the amazing staff at the Delta Marriott~
Love the Vibe ~outside Dining~ made at your table Guacamole, Coca Cola from Mexico in glass bottle, and easy to share plates.  Because we didn't have a reservation, we stood in line anxiously waiting with others. It was jam packed at 8pm on a Thursday night} The only thing I wished was different, was not seating us by the bar on high uncomfortable stools! I would call ahead for a table in future. Couldn't really plan ahead, since we thought we'd be at my daughters First Concert that night. ~Thank You~ El Catrin~笑
We popped in here before a Yelp event that was happening in the Distillery.  The inside of the place is super cool and visually stimulating.  We ordered mojitos - they were good.  Better than other mojitos that I have had around Toronto for sure.  The food was okay.  We were sharing so we did guac and chips, mini burritos, tuna tostadas and ceviche.  All the items were okay.  It was rather forgettable in the food department.  AND, where was the spice!  Everything was so bland for a Mexican place.  Usually when you get mild at a Mexican place there is still some zest!   Also, the service was extremely slow and it was before 6pm.  Overall, it was an okay experience.  I won't be back for food.笑
Location: beautiful patio seating in the middle of the distillery district. 

Atmosphere: Nice Mexican vibe, it feels as if you are on vacation. Different colourful benches, slightly rustic but nice. 

Staff: very friendly hosts. Prompt service

Food: Spicy!! Tastes authentic and delicious. 
However I don't have much tolerance for spicy food. That said I most likely would not return myself but would highly recommend it to spice lovers. 
I did however really enjoy the salad that came with the chicken burrito. Refreshing. 

Price: portions were ok but I think the price could be a bit lower, especially for lunch menus.笑
This is a great place for a date or just to hang out with friends. You're eating at a fancy place in the Distillery District so naturally you can expect steep prices. But don't let that bother you. There's nothing else like it in Toronto. 

The food is Mexican. They offer Ensaladas, Tacos, Burritos, Tartas and LOTS of options for drinks. To me, Mexican food isn't something you can make "fancy". It was delicious but the foodie in me wasn't blown away. We had a chicken taco and a chicken burrito. We could have gotten double the portion if we went to a franchise place like Chipotle or other options. 

What did blow us away was the atmosphere. Outdoor patio in Mid October? Wow. It feels like a waste of electricity but they have OUTDOOR HEATED PATIO. That's cool. The seats are chicly decorated. For once I actually cared about the atmosphere. The heating works most of the time. We were kept warm but felt like keeping our jackets on. Also, it was windy that day. Any gush of wind made us feel cold. Surely this wouldn't work in the winter. 

It's not a restaurant I would repeatedly go to to hang out. It's a place I'd definitely go back to for a date when I feel atmosphere is important. Next time I might just skip the food and get drinks. I'm really not that happy to pay so much for Mexican food.笑
Fantastic experience! A few friends had recommend this place so we decided to check it out when we visited Toronto. There was a huge line up for the patio so we sat inside, which has a really cool decoration and atmosphere. Definitely plan ahead and make a reservation. Food was delicious, though I do wish they had a few more options and also more vegetarian dishes.

The portions are not big so you'll have to order a few items, which makes the bill a bit pricey, but we can't complaint. Everything we had was quite good! The chicken burrito, conchita pibill tacos, corn appetizer and guacamole were delicious.

I'd definitely go back!笑
I was skeptical about the redesign of this location in the distillery district, however, I need not have been. The murals and artwork are very sophisticated.  We enjoyed the "Day of the dead" atmosphere.

Because the ceiling is approximately 30 feet high, they've taken advantage and installed immense oversized lighting. Overall very nice effects.

Food was well-prepared with upscale Spanish/Mexican twist on many dishes.  Staff and service were excellent, a new way to experience Sunday brunch on the weekends in a top Toronto neighborhood.

Enjoy!笑
Delicious food with outstanding service.  Had a large group so we did a tasting menu and everything that came out was excellent.  Our waitress (on our end of the table) was so incredibly friendly and fun to chat with throughout the evening.  Fantastic experience, I would highly recommend and will be back next time I'm in Toronto.笑
The Baja fish tacos are delicious, the music is great and the service was very kind. Pamela did a great job. 4 stars because of the size of the starters. These are so small for the delicious flavours. It should be more generous.笑
Loved the decor - that's what brought is in. They were pretty busy at that time, and we had to wait in line to get a table outside, which was cool with us.  However when the wait was a bit longer than expected, we asked of we can have some drinks at the bar meanwhile, and the hostess told us that that's not possible without a table. Really? Ok, fine, we were hungry and the place looked nice. So after like 20 minutes, we get a table. The waiter brings a guacamole, which was bland. I mean really no flavor. At all. Then we order the appetizers and the main course. We were 4 people, and while we were eating the appetizers, the main course started to appear. ONE PLATE AT A TIME. With like 5 minutes in between. We asked the waiter what's goi g on, and he goes something about the way they serve in that place, and that the kitchen is busy. However by that time there were maybe 7 tables in total outside.so we eat cold main course, by the time everything is served. Kinda sucked. Not going back anytime soon.笑
Warm pleasant environment. Amazing Mexican food. Great staff. Gorgeous environment. Guacamole was tasty. The huevos placero was amazingly delicious with a zesty and complex mole sauce that was extraordinary. The "fresh waters" are really juices. But they are really fresh and not overly sweet. The pina melon was tasty. I'll surely be back.笑
I really hate giving bad reviews. I know the service industry is a very tough job and customers can be hard to deal with. But our evening at El Catrin was disappointing.
 
At first glance, it is a beautiful place to go for dinner. The outdoor patio was open already to my surprise and packed with people. They had giant heaters above each table and fire pits blazing. Very pretty scene. The interior of the restaurant is it's best feature. The decor is amazing.

We tried to make reservations weeks in advance but could only get 6:30 or 9:00. That's understandable on a Saturday at such a popular restaurant. We were seated inside close to the entrance. With people coming in constantly, it was very cold and drafty. I had to wear my coat throughout dinner. 

I wanted to check in to my YELP account but couldn't because WiFi is not offered here. 

Our server was very friendly and we got water, drinks and our first couple of sharing plates, chips and guac, roasted corn and mango salad. After that, I'm not sure what happened. We asked for more corn chips and one of my friends ordered a beer. After about 10 minutes, the server came to see if there was anything else we'd like. We said we were still waiting for the chips and beer. The beer arrived. But no chips. Our next couple of sharing plates came. Shrimp and lobster tacos and chicken fajitas. Still no chips so we gave up on that and asked for a dessert menu. We decided on the churros to share. Then we sat and chatted and finished our drinks and chatted a while longer. Our server came to our table and asked if we wanted any dessert. By now we are feeling like a joke was being played on us. We reminded her of our order which came a few minutes later. No apologies or acknowledgement of the oversight. I'm sorry, but we work hard at our jobs too and when we come to spend our hard-earned bucks at a higher priced restaurant, we expect a bit better. 

To add to the experience, my friend used the bathroom before we left and found it dirty and out of toilet paper. That's embarrassing to me because I chose the restaurant. 

I had higher expectations because I had been here before and had a great time. Maybe we just hit an off day. I'm willing to give it it another try - maybe a snack on the gorgeous patio when the weather gets nicer. Maybe.笑
Drinks: 4 stars
Food: 3 stars
Ambience: 4.5 stars
Surprised at how bland the table side guacamole was. The chips and a few different types of salsas that came with it were good. They refilled the chips bowl proactively. The mango margarita was really tasty.
Service was quick and the wait staff were friendly. Would recommend this place for its cocktails and dazzling ambience.笑
Giving this three stars.. one star for ambiance, one star for the decor, half for the good service and half for the food.

Meh, unimpressed with the food.  Didn't want to have more than a couple bites of the crispy pork skin, tasted like the shrimp chips you get from T&T... if even that.  While the 24-hour braised beef cheek was fairly flavourful, wasn't anything special at all.  I did like smoked swordfish dip, but mostly because I was hungry and not because it tasted anything more than just a normal tuna dip.

Got the angry bird drink.  Quite strong, not bad but I enjoyed my friends' guava mexican soda and burnt honey drink a lot more.

Head over to Cluny Bistro if you're around Art Distillery笑
First of all, I LOVE the decor at El Catrin. It is gorgeous - the mural and chandeliers are stunning. 

As for the food, it was mostly delicious. We had the guacamole (spicy), chicken sopes, corn app, ceviche trio and the fish tacos. Guacamole was tasty but I wish the chips were warm (doesn't match the chips at Playa Cabana). The sopes were delicious. Corn was interesting and loved the texture of the fresh, crunchy kernels. Two of the three ceviches (tuna & mixed seafood) were great but the mahi mahi one lacked flavour of any kind. The fish tacos were great. 

The drinks were also yummy. We had a margarita and the hibiscus rose drink. Best part of the meal for me were the desserts.  Churros were excellent but tres leches was outstanding! 

Our server (Stephanie) was new but great. Only complaint about the service is that we ordered the food and it was all on our table within minutes (not as good as it sounds). It was too much all at once. Next time I would order apps and then wait and order the next round. Otherwise, I will certainly go back. Even if it's just for the tres leches!笑
Those margaritas and tequila mojitos along with the seared tuna tacos and the fish tacos!! 

A bit pricey but all good places in Toronto are.笑
Fantastic decor.  Modern, three storey ceilings with decorative art covering the walls.  Guacamole made table side, add the crab, it's worth it.  Past that we just ordered all the tacos.  Can't say which is best, they're all great.笑
I'll keep this review short as I'm running late for work. 

El Catrin is a hidden gem in Toronto overshadowed by other attractions at the distillery. The vibe is fantastic and the patio is beyond words. A fully heated outdoor patio that welcomes sub zero temperature. 

Limited draft selection but for Agave lovers, the tequila menu covered top down on the menu. My friend and I went for drinks but ordered chicken burrito as a snack. 

It was pretty darn good.笑
Stopped in for lunch on a beautiful afternoon. The patio is a fantastic spot. My wife and I each had a margarita. Very tangy and unique. If a little pricey. For $12 one might expect a larger drink. Which pretty much reflects our opinion of El Catrin. The service was good and friendly. The decor inside was amazing. Now the food. First I'd like to say the flavour was very good. The burrito and tacos were tasty. And the salads top notch. Fresh ingredients and unique flavours across the board. My one complaint concerning the food was my corn taco shells. I could not even pick it up before it just fell apart all over the place. Eating soft tacos with a knife and fork is not cool. And the portion size...I have to admit I thought they'd made a mistake when they brought my order. It looked like something off of the kids menu at any other restaurant. For the amount of money they charged it was pretty ridiculous. Overall I'm glad we tried it, but I can't see us returning. Especially when there is a wonderful brewing establishment so close by.笑
Expensive and small quantities define this place. I won't give it a 2-star, although I thought about it. The distillery, undoubtedly, is one of the coolest places in Toronto. But, apart from location and good service, I can't say El Catrin has a lot going on in terms of innovation or good food.
I got the huevos mexicana and it was basically scrambled eggs with a spoonful of beans and guac. It costed me roughly $20 and I can't say it was worth it, as I could've made this at home in lesser time. I wish the quantities were slightly generous. And what about bread? I want to have my eggs with bread. But there was no bread... It made me very sad to look at my place, so I finished everything in 10 minutes (or less).笑
Food **** - Service *** - Ambience *****

Easily one of the best ambiences I have seen in the GTA. Love the atmosphere in this restaurant. But the food is just good... not awesome. The portion sizes is really small and the food is certainly over priced. They do some some unique dishes on their menu. 

Recommend visiting 1s.笑
Not the best Mexican food I've had in Toronto. Seems the establishment is riding the popularity of Distillery District and the guaranteed traffic rather than really focusing on turning out great food. The only impressive item were the Baja fish tacos. Everything else lacked the flavour and freshness I appreciate in Mexican food, and was under spiced or flat.笑
Recently came here again with some friends and the service was, as always, superb! We sat outside and it was cold at first, but then they turned on the heaters and it was fine. 

Food - Yes to the mini chicken burrito bites (although what happened to their larger burrito dish? their menu seemed to contain a lot more tapas and less/no large entrees, which was unfortunate to my own friend who was really hungry!)

Yes to their al pastor tacos

Meh to their shrimp pizza - don't be fooled by the word "pizza". Unless you're really into (and expecting) authentic mexican fare, I would steer clear from this one. The base is like a thin crunchy tortilla (burnt, which our waiter said its supposed to be), then there's black bean puree on it, some avocados, some cheese, and a few shrimps (the shrimps were large and juicy - perfect!). But overall, it wasn't our cup of tea. 

Drinks - YES to their Hibiscus Rose drink. its tangy and sweet but the sweet comes with a floral note. oh and the flower is edible. A hundred times yes to this drink!!

Although this review seems more critical, I overall really like this place - when you want a trendy, more upscale Mexican experience/cuisine. Great location, great service, authentic food and inventive drinks - great for when you want a little something special :)笑
We were out with out of town visitors and went for the Tapas option everything was awesome. The food, vibe. The service
Can't wait to go back.笑
Je met une note top niveau ! Car ce restaurant est tout simplement ouffisime. Placé en plein milieu de la distillerie de Toronto. Je vous le recommande, les cocktails sont bien servis ah la sa rigole pas !!! Un large choix pour la nourriture mexicaine bien évidement nous avons pris des tacos à partager! Un guacamole en entrée mais excellent la serveuse le fait à la table. Et en dessert des chourros aérien! 
Le cadre magnifique, nous avons opter pour la terrasse. Ambiance tamisée petit feu au milieu bougies. Le service est remarquable笑
Amazing ceviche!! Beautiful patio even though it was cold, they had the fire pit on and gave us extra blankets. Great ambiance!笑
The waitstaff was amazing! However, I don't think this restaurant knew how to cater a large group. By large I mean 12 people. In short, What should have been a 2 hour long dinner MAX lasted 5 hours long, no joke!

As far as food goes...

The Margaritas were great! 
The fish tacos were overly fried.
The churros were stale and needed to be paired with larger servings of dipping sauce.笑
Food and service were both great. Despite the smaller portions, I could not have enjoyed myself more at El Catrin!

Made reservations for Friday night at 8:30, which ended up being a rainy night. Arrived and found the patio was closed due to the weather, and the inside was very busy. The hostess seated my girlfriend and I immediately. The waiter showed up quickly to explain the menu, offered us water as we looked through the drink menu and answered our questions about how long the restaurant has been open (2 weeks) and what some of the more popular dishes are. 

We got a couple of tequila shots to start,  they were great. Unfortunately, I can't remember the name of the tequila, but the shots were $10 each and came with two chasers. One savoury and one sweet... I believe they were both tomato based. 

Guacamole en la Mesa - Really great guacamole, which is offered either spicy or not. We chose not spicy. It is made table side, and seemed to be an entire avocado mashed with red onion, cilantro and a few other things. The chips were pretty good (made in house apparently). 

Ceviche de Atún - Pretty small portion of ceviche, but fine for two people to sample the flavours. The watermelon and fresh tuna go really well together.

Enchiladas de Pollo con Mole Almendrado - 3 smaller sized tortillas stuffed with pulled chicken with almond mole sauce. Very very very good. Very good. The mole was not too heavy, but still flavourful. The chicken inside was moist.

Tacos Baja - 3 fried haddock tacos that were delicious. Nice refreshing slaw over top, and the fish was nice and crispy. Challenger for best fish tacos.

Cemita de Pibil - Two small braised pulled port tortas. Nothing unbelievable, but nothing terrible. The pork was enjoyable, but I found it needed a bit more than the chihuahua cheese and habanero glaze. 

As my girlfriend and I were finishing up, we noticed four friends walk into the restaurant who had reservations as well. The restaurant managed to get a table accommodating the four friends right next to my girlfriend and I's current table. As our four friends ordered their meals (and my girlfriend and I settled our bill) the waiter stated the kitchen would make 4 tacos or enchiladas of whatever they ordered so each of our friends could try, and not have to split 3 items 4 ways. Great service!笑
My 3 stars are solely for the ambience and decor of this restaurant.  I kinda love it!  If I return it will be for guacamole and drinks.... And that's it.  The Mexican popcorn was a nice treat as well but nothing to write home about. The food was very meh.  Bland and lacking in flavour.  It made me think about all the hole in the wall places with amazing Mexican food.  I tried the chicken burritos which come 4 to a serving.  I was dining with vegetarians so the chicken was all mine.   They tasted very very bland.  I had to smother it in leftover guacamole to even enjoy it a little bit.  My friends said their vegetarian dishes were also lacking in flavour and were over salted.  I ordered a h'orchata which tasted very very powdery.   This was disappointing as I was hoping they would have made it properly. Sigh.... I was really hoping to like the food here because the decor and ambience are amazing!笑
I have been here a few times and the drinks are great. Ceviche is pretty good, otherwise food falls really short for me. I am disappointed every time I think to give it another try.笑
Love love love love love love love...

The patio is amazing, the inside and outside decor is amazing, and the food is AMAZING.

I honestly don't think it's possible to make a burrito that tastes better than they do at El Catrin.  I mean, usually you have your burrito shell, and then the filling (guac, beans, rice - whatever).  And when you eat it, you taste everything separately.  Maybe the shell is a little dry - doesn't ruin it, but you notice it separately.  Maybe the filling is a little bland - overall, it's still yummy.  WELL, El Catrin chefs must be fresh-baking those tortilla wraps daily, because my burrito (on more than one occasion) has ACTUALLY melted in my mouth, fusing all delicious layers together into a mouth watering, perfectly seasoned, taste-bud-nirvana!  I can't even put into words how yummy it is.  I'm hesitant to try something else on the menu only because the chicken burrito is just soooooo good!

Many have mentioned the guacamole - also an amazing item on the menu!  A little spicy, but as someone who doesn't like too much spice (like, at all), this was still an amazing guac with a little kick.  I order it every time :)

Oh - and the sangria is AWESOME!  I prefer the white, but my fiancé likes the red, so we usually just get one of each and walk home a little toasty :)笑
My girlfriend and I went here at about 8 o'clock on a saturday. The place was pretty busy but we were able to sit almost instantly. The decor and set up of the place are both very cool. We sat out on the patio and it was only about 50 degrees but they have heaters above every table and fires going. You could barely tell that you were outside because it was well heated. I even took off my jacket at one point because I was so warm. 

The table lay out was just okay. I don't like when restaurants have your table inches away from the next one and you share a bench with the other table. It makes me feel like I'm sitting right next to the people who were sitting at the table next to us. But still, no big deal. Based on preference.

The food was delicious, but the quantity was something left to be desired. Our waitress (who was very friendly and informative) told is that the portions are kin of small so we may want to order more than one thing. Only problem is that everything is so expensive, that you don't really want to do it. (Please keep in mind I'm from the US, so everything seems expensive to me in Toronto haha)

With that being said, I am a firm believer in quality over quantity. And the food was worth it. I got the pulled chicken tacos (you get 3 for $15) and they were cooked perfrctly. We also got a taco soup (don't remember the name, but it had cheese, tomato, broth etc) and it was delicious as well.

I don't know if I will ever go to this place again, merely because toronto is a day trip for me. But it was worth it while there!笑
I like the atmosphere, i love their decoration. The portion of the food is very small, nothing special. Only they offer fresh Guacamole and charge you $15 for small dish. We asked for seprate bill and it takes for ever to prepare it with lots of mistake. I had bucket of shrimp and I felt sick after that probably i had food poisoning.笑
VERY LONG WAIT, not even worth it.
Food did taste good, however, if you love small portions and wasting money then go ahead and eat here. 
I understand portions aren't meant to be big here, but come on!!! You spend way to much money to get full. 
I wouldn't come back here. Not worth waiting two hours and spending a lot of money on bite size tacos with guacamole and chips.笑
Came here for the 12 course tasting menu and was shockingly disappointed considering the hype. The margaritas are amazing but the guac was the type your 8 your old nephew would make. It's just so off from what it should be but you feel obliged to eat it and tell them it's alright. Only the creamed corn fish was worth it, all other plates just were not worth the money.笑
We finally got to eat here after trying to get a table multiple times on multiple occasions.

We came on a beautiful Saturday afternoon and the patio was full with quite the wait, so we opted to sit inside and got a table for two instantly. The inside of the restaurant is so cool! Super colourful and funky and very pleasing to the eye.

We were greeted shortly after we sat and ordered the guacamole, baja fish tacos, and a Goose Island IPA. 

The guacamole is made at the table and I was able to joke around with the support staff that made our guacamole. He seems like a good sport. The guacamole itself was delicious and fresh. Honestly, for $17 for 3, we expected a bit more of our fish tacos. The toppings were kind of boring; just coleslaw and some kind of aioli. Our server didn't check on us to see if we wanted anything else when our food was dropped off, so we asked her for some hot sauce when she came by with our drink. She came back with some black ashy sauce that was spicy, but not very good. When I asked for a different sauce (like the salsa and salsa verde all the other tables around us got), I felt like a bit of an inconvenience. 

All in all, I wasn't thrilled with my dining experience after wanting to try El Catrin for so long. It was just okay.笑
This meal was outstanding, seated right away, well attended by serving staff. The dining room itself was very interesting and well appointed. Serving staff very knowledgeable about menu and had good recommendations. The food was on point! Would visit every time we are in the city. If your on the fence go!笑
I went there with a group of 5 montrealers on a Tuesday night, during a business trip. It was highly recommanded by local torontonians and I must say we were not disapointed. 

First, the set is impressive, the decor is inspired, well thought, and designed with taste. Nothing tacky here, the murals had great touch, the rough wood and the old bricks have a little je ne sais quoi that just screams "good times ahead".

Our waitress recommended that we start with the guacamole, we ordered two for the table, one spicy and the other one regular. I like the idea of having it done at your table, but at 14$ it is a bit expensive. Both were really good though, fresh with cilantro and surprisingly spicy. I'll take a star off for the expensiveness of the guac.

Now for the tapas, all of those I tasted were amazing. For the ones I remeber, the ceviche in oyster shell was very tasty, the tomatillo salad added freshness to the whole diner, the tacos were amazing (small shells full of flavors). In short, all of them were somewhere from good to amazing. 

As for the cocktails... WOW!!! I had the Pepino Diablo with cucumbers, citrus and Serano peppers. A bit hot, but not that much. And i appreciated that they kept it in a smaller glass, rather than a tall one and dilluting the drink with ice. They also have a few good mexican beers (negra modelo is always my favorite and it is a bit hard to find here in Québec).

The service was really professional, curteous and quick. But why do they insist on bringning one bill with everything on it! Dear waiter, you know we'll ask to split and it will be anoying for you and for us to ask you to do the job again.

Ambiance was nice, but not exceptional (ok it was a weekday, but still).

By the way, expect tapas aka small portions to share with friends while having a drink.笑
Amazing decor and patio..friendly staff.
We orders two different tacos to share..Baja and Barbacoa tacos were amazing. We also got device de Atun which is also very tastey. The portions are a bit small but it is totally worth going. It is also one of the nicest patio to go for dinner in summer.笑
4/5! I highly recommend this place. I am not quite sure why it's rated 3-stars (avg) on yelp. Great ambiance and friendly service. This venue is the old boiler house. I recommend the guacamole to start and the gabernado tacos(shrimp and lobster). The portions seem small but are surprisingly filling. Make sure you try some of their specialty drinks / pitchers. Final advice- book weeks in advance for a large group.笑
Our food took forever to arrive on a Sunday afternoon -well over half an hour - and that was just for salad and a burrito, which was okay at best. The server did fill our water glasses without being asked though. 
2-3 for food and service
5 for ambience and decor笑
We tried it when it first opened and was not as impressed with the food as we were with the decor, but this weekend we had family in town and gave it another shot and wow was the food amazing! 

The braised beef is spot on amazing!! 

The fish tacos are some of the best if not the absolute best in toronto! 

The guacamole is great and has kick (if you can't deal with spicy you may wanna ask them to make it mild) 

At times there are lines but It's well worth the wait, plus the place is huge and usually you don't have to wait long even if there is a longish line (25 people took us about 10min) 

I would absolutely highly recommend el Catrin!笑
LOVED the ambience! For a busy Sunday our wait lasted a total of 4 minutes. We had initially planned on drinks and appetizers only, but our table outside by the fire pit convinced us to stay longer. We had soft corn nachos (I forget what it was called) that we split between the two of us and guac for the table. The nachos were just right for both of us, tasty and different from what we were used to, the guac however required a liberal amount of salt and chili sauce.The food was delicious, not quite five star worthy but combined with the ambience makes for a great experience.笑
El Catrin is one of my favourite spots. It's always good to make a reservation especially during a busy time like when the Christmas market is open. The food is great here, the tacos are fantastic but are really small. The desert is great, I tried the tres leches which is also very small but delicious.笑
Found this place after googling "best date restaurants in Toronto" - truth.

It was indeed a neat date location for a Friday night. Good vibe, neon décor, online reservations, delicious tapa style dishes and a menu of tequila tastings.

What we ate (after the complimentary bucket of corn chips): 

Food:
1. Guacamole dip - $11 for a regular (6/10)  - hard to do guac wrong but nothing to write home about, get it if you want an excuse to eat more corn chips

2. Sopes de tinga $15 (5/10)- this appetizer was unique but the fried, breaded cheese tart overpowered the taste of the chicken

3. Tuna Ceviche $11 (7/10) - fresh ahi tuna in a fantastic fusion of mango and cilantro, wanted another one because the portion size was not meant to be shared

4. Pulpo carnita $16 (8/10) - well cooked confit of octopus, not too chewy or dry, exactly what you expect from a well cooked octopus

5. Carrillera en mole negro $15 (6/10)- extremely tender, 24 hour braised beef cheek - however the tar looking sauce definitely requires an appreciative pallet 

Drinks: 
1. Mojito Reposada $10 glass  -perfect concoction of Milagro Resposado, muddled mint, and fresh lime - not usually a mojito drinker as I find they're often too sweet or the tequila is overpowering, but this was simply delicious

2. Tequilla tasting: Vertical Flight 1.3 oz - $19 -  Avion Silver / Avion Reposado / Avion Anejo - fun addition to the meal, however I'm by no means refined in the art of tequila tasting - all I can say is that they were smooth and worth the order


3. Tequilla tasting #2 - Barrel Aged Horizontal Flight - $22 - Tromba Anejo / Avion Anejo / Cazadores Anejo- ditto to my comment above - although I enjoyed this tasting a bit more as I found the tequila to be bolder and the neutralizing sides added some spice

Rating Summary: 

Food: Average of 7/10 for the main courses as noted above

Atmosphere: 9/10. Fun, posh Mexican vibe - definitely feeling the vibrant décor and music 

Service: 9/10. The Spanish speaking servers add to the atmosphere. Our server had his corn chip service in check; our chip bucket was never empty. Service was difficult at times to wave down and we would've liked the staff to be more educated in the tequila being served. 

Pulling out my phone to take photos would have been a date faux pas, hence no photos to share in this post. 

Will definitely come back during patio season!笑
First time going here with some friends. Really good atmosphere to be in, especially when sitting outside on the patio area. The patio atmosphere along with the great music gave off a good vibe and made us feel very comfortable. The service was good with one exception. At the end of our dinner, we asked the server if we could split a few items amongst the four of use. He looked confused then asked us to divide it ourselves. Never before have I been asked to divide a bill for myself and my friends. 

The food lived up to the hype. We ordered the guacamole and chips, baja tacos, pulled pork quesadillas, and lamb chops. Everything was served fresh and hot and tasted wonderful. We also ordered some drinks: mojito, mango margarita, and watermelon margarita. Drinks were excellent but the price for them were a tad bit expensive. I might just opt for a beer next time.

Overall the experience was wonderful. Food and drinks were great, atmosphere and decor was very enjoyable, and service was good beside what happened with the bill. El Catrin is a place I would highly recommend for people to experience with friends and experience the Distillery District as a whole. I will definitely be back this summer.笑
Long lines for what we assumed to be an amazing restaurant. We ordered chips and dip with crickets which took about an hour to arrive and our mains arrived another hour later. Waitress was wonderfully inattentive and the meal was whole fully forgettable and cold. 2 stars instead of 1 since...it was...busy.笑
Cons: Understaffed and horrible service. My friend and I sat for about 15 minutes, before a waitress came. She didn't even ask us for our order, she asked us if we were done with our menus??? Luckily we were sat right next to the bar so drinks were easy to get. We had to flag someone down to order our entree, and and then flag down someone else for dessert. The waitress was really nice when we finally got one, but getting one was the problem!
Food portions are very small as well. 

Pros: Beautiful patio, good drinks, incredible guacamole made right at your table.笑
Guacamole is great. Wish it came with more chips!

Other than that, nothing special. Tacos and tamales were average. 

Cool place to hang out and grab drinks with friends.

Make reservations - then you won't be disappointed with the wait!笑
Came here for a quick bite and some sangria with my girlfriend and some friends. Overall atmosphere is amazing with good music and a good vibe. 
  We had the carnitas tacos and the guacamole with nacho chips...the guacamole was ok but nothing special and the tacos in my opinion were kinda dry, but the other 2 people who ate them said they really enjoyed them. 
   My biggest complaint was the sangria which I didn't enjoy whatsoever, it tasted sour and just not right. 
   I enjoyed my time here and it's a great place to come hang out with friends and catchup and have some drinks, I definitely will be coming back to try some more menu items and see if the "sangria incident" was a one time occurrence.笑
It was so popular in Distillery district at sunset because of its beautiful patio. My friends and I came here to celebrate Canada Day and waited for half an hour to be seated.

We ordered various kinds of food and two huge size bottles of beer. Tacos was 3 small pieces for $15, tasted good but not very impressive. Burritos were too mini... Fine, it was just tapas. Guacamole was tasted very fresh and nachos can be filled again. Beef cheek was sooo tender!! Amazing~ It must be stewed for long hours and the sauce was flavorous. Beer served there should be provided by Mill St. brewery. Whatever, it tasted so cool.

The girl who in charged of our area was very nice and passionate but I forgot her name... Really sorry. Fun music outside and fantastic decoration inside the restaurant.

Nice experience but If the food be more authentic, I would vote for four stars for it.笑
PARTIAL REVIEW....In general, I think we all found the drinks on the sweeter side but still quite drinkable and tasty. Even the "Goddess of Alcohol" which was described as the "strongest" drink on the menu had a good level of sugar going on.  The sangria was by far the most dry of the bunch, with a good hit of brandy in the mix.  Personally, however, I thought the best cocktails were the Cucumber Devil and the Mayan, which were refreshing and well-balanced with a nice kick of heat.  My least favourite of the bunch was Watermelon Fire because the watermelon was almost syrupy and artificial tasting. I also wouldn't want to finish an entire Aqua de Coco since I'm not a fan of creamy booze drinks at all. Having said that, there were so many tempting options on the menu, I'm sure with a little more sampling (g-d help me), I'd find even more boozy favourites.
The food at El Catrin has been imagined and executed by Olivier LeCalvez, a French-trained, Cordon Bleu Mexico culinary instructor who was recruited straight from Mexico for the opening.  His approach seems to be to combine traditional preparations with local flavours and playful presentations.  In comparison to most of the new tapas style restaurants in the city, El Catrin touts a beast of a menu (emphasized by the literal size of the menu itself). Thankfully, to somewhat help with the navigation, the offerings are broken down into sections: Botanas, Cubetas (Shrimp), Burritos, Tostadas, Tortas, Ceviches, Tacos, Especialidades (Specials), Parillada (grilled items) and dessert. They also have special menus for children (Young Amigos), and patrons who want to eat gluten free.  After much deliberation, we decided to opt for:
Guacamole En La Mesa: Avocado, Tomato, Red Onion, Cilantro, Serrano Chili ($9)
Made table-side, I thought the guac was a solid first course.  Maybe a bit expensive for the quantity (we literally each got a few chips worth and then had to violently scrape the bowl), but a well seasoned, balanced guacamole. 
Ensalada de Esquites: Steamed Corn, Cilantro, El Catrin Aioli, Chili Piquin Powder, Quesillo Cheese ($8 for 3)
This basically reminded me of a deconstructed street corn. It was much easier to eat than gnawing on a cob and getting white crèma on your face, but not quite as good. I definitely enjoyed it (because I can't imagine not enjoying fresh corn), but I did find it to be a bit too salty to want to eat much more than the shot glass-worth.
Sopes: Corn Tortilla Stuffed with Black Bean Puree, Pulled Chicken, Salsa Verde, Lettuce and Queso Fresco ($12 for 2)
I wasn't going to even order this but I was so glad our server talked me into it as it turned out to be my favourite dish of the night. The sopes had this cushion-like texture and a mild sweet flavour, that when combined with the moist chicken, earthy beans, fresh salsa, and salty cheese, was perfectly in balance. So while I found the portion a little on the small side for the price, I would without question order it again.
Ceviche de Atun: Fresh Tuna, Lime, Olive Oil, Watermelon, Chive and Habanero Mignonette ($10)
Good but not something I would order again. For $10, there was very little tuna in the dish, and the habanero mignonette was so spicy I couldn't appreciate the delicate flavours of the melon and mild fish. The combination definitely has great potential, but the exact composition could use adjustment.
Tacos Baja: Crispy Fried Haddock, Red Slaw, Chipotle Dip, Salsa Roja, Flour Tortilla ($15 for 3) 
A big time favourite at the table. The fish was light and moist with a blissfully crispy batter. The chipotle dip, albeit a bit excessive in ratio with the rest of the ingredients, was admittedly ridiculously addictive. I could eat a platter of these without thinking about it.
Gringas: Flour Quesadilla with Pastor Pork, Pineapple, Cilantro, Sliced Onion and Mild Gouda Cheese ($9)
Tasty, but safe. Unlike most commercial flour tortillas, this one was as light as a crepe. I only wished that there was a little more filling packed in and maybe a bit more caramelization on the outside- something to yield some textural contrast because the dish was a bit one note- mild in flavour and relatively soft in texture.Costilla Corta En Mole Negro: Beef Short Rib Braised 24 Hours with Black Mole Sauce, Sweet Potato Puree, Sauteed Sugar Snap Peas ($14)
This was a recommendation of our servers, and I was really glad we went for it. The short rib was impossibly tender and meaty, with very little residual fat to omit. I also loved the pairing of the complex and slightly bitter mole sauce with the light and fragrant sweet potato.
Cemita de Pibil Torta: Axiote Braised Pulled Pork, Pickled Red Onion, Chihuahua Cheese, Habanero Glaze ($12)
We all took a bite and instantly agreed- it reminded us of Fidel Gastros famous Stg. Slather Sammy....笑
Unfortunately, El Catrin was a big let down. I lived in Mexico City for five years and have high standards when it comes to Mexican food, especially from places that bill themselves as being authentic. 

I'll start with the good - the decor. This is one of the coolest looking restaurants I've been to in Toronto. The huge mural, the Huichol art (look it up), the light fixtures, everything was amazing. I also appreciated the high quality cutlery, cloth napkins, and nice plates. 

The menu reads well and sounds great but that's where it ended for us. We each ordered aguas to drink - sandia and horchata - which although they were a bit sweeter that we like them, were very good. My dining companion ordered the Torta Fresca which was tasteless and unfortunately had a tomato on it which was frozen solid. When we brought this to our server's attention she was unconcerned. I ordered the Torta La Catrin which was ok but there was one major problem with both tortas. The bread was wrong. You can get a proper torta on any street corner in Mexico City, always made with the same kind of bread - an oblong crusty roll. The bread used at El Catrin was borderline brioche and all wrong for a proper torta. I also mentioned this to our server who explained they use the bread they do because they go through so much of it. I'm sure they could go through just as much proper bread for a truly authentic torta experience. We also shared an order of the Tacos Baja (Halibut tacos on flour tortillas. They were just ok, nothing special. The tortillas seemed to have been made in house which is a nice touch. None of the three salsas on the table were spicy, nor were they particularly flavourful. 

As for the service, it was efficient yet impersonal. Our server didn't understand us when we pronounced the names of the dishes properly. Perhaps it was the background noise, we can give her the benefit of the doubt. I think there are enough Mexicans in Toronto to hire some Mexican servers and it could reasonably be construed as a bona fide occupational requirement. 

At $66 including tax and tip for a mediocre (at best) lunch for two, we won't be going back anytime soon. Maybe for a drink to enjoy the super cool space, but not to eat.笑
Nothing special but a very nice place and great patio. Dont go here for the food go for a nice atmosphere.笑
You may have came across their bright large yellow patio furniture in the distillery district and thought less of it aside from it being interesting. It is an empty occupancy during the winter, but is loud and active during tthe warmer months. I was totally amazed at their decor inside the restaurant the first time I was there. It is fun, funky and like a fiesta. Everything is large and lit up with bright neon colors screaming Day of the Dead. Like everyone in the restaurant I had to try their guacamole, which literally was prepared and mashed infront of my face. Talk about fresh. If youre more adventurous you may want to add some dry crickets (seasnoal) for added protein and crunch. Although I was tempted I opted out on that option. We ordered their El Santo Tortas which is a slow cooked short beef rib served on a Bollilo bun $16.95 and their Baja Crispy fried cod tacos (3 for $15). The sandwish was alright. It was too heavy and meaty for my liking. When it comes to Mexican food I prefer their tapas, ceviches and tacos - not a huge fan of burritos or sandwiches. Therefore the taco was a win for me. It was chunks of cod fish in a light batter, balanced with chipotle lime coleslaw. The tacos are also a decent size/portion. You can easily get filled by eating just two. I also love my heat and couldnt be without my side of hot sauces to give my tacos a bit of a boost and punch of flavour.笑
After hearing so much about  El Catrin (good & bad) I decided to check it out for myself. First, let me mention that the room itself is very nice and beautifully decorated.  That is where the positive review ends. I ordered the Reposado Margarita which was supposed to be made with a reposado tequila and grand marnier neither of which I could detect in the cocktail however, it was sickly sweet.  The food was okay, not great, the pork and beef tacos were very dry.  They also claim to have the largest tequila selection in Canada which is a complete fabrication.  I've been to a restaurant in Vancouver with a much larger selection and even one here in Toronto that puts their selection to shame.  Why lie about something like that?  What they should do is focus on getting the food up to scratch, or people will go once and not return.笑
Two words: Fish Tacos!! This place by far has some of the best fish tacos and guac in Toronto, seriously. I haven't really had the chance to try some of the other food just bites here and there from others. But I would strictly come here for the baja tacos. Also, the decoration and atmosphere is incredible. Definitely recommend this place to anyone!笑
Fresh, flavorful Mexican.  The food was colorful and so fresh and yummy.  Baja fish tacos and ceviche were highlights, as were the Churros and Tres Leches cake for dessert.  Patio was great - bring sunglasses and/or hat if you go on a sunny day.

Service was so friendly, so we overlooked the fact that our food came out all at different times.  They apologized, and hey, they're still working out the kinks after just opening 2 weeks ago.笑
Wish I could tell you how the food was. We sat down for 20 minutes with no service. Multiple staff walked by staring until we eventually stood up and left.  Great service, guys!笑
I love the patio but found the portions small for the price.  The service was painstakingly slow and a couple seated near to me were visibly annoyed.  He even had to get up and ask the hostess where the server was.  And this was a not busy Monday afternoon!!  Another suggestion would be to shut off the gas cauldron in the warm weather.  A bit of a re-think needed here.笑
3.5
nice decor - long line up for a patio seat - booo. Looks pretty out though. But I did not get to go on the patio - even with reservations a couple a week in advance. 

Loud. 
The waitress almost confused us with saying tapas again. Apparently some portions of dishes are large and some are small so she had to tell us which was good as a main and which one wasnt. Thought that was what the sections were for in the menu?

Sangria was okay. like a 3/5 only. 

Appys: the crab cakes - were crab balls. I tried it first and when asked by my friends how was it... I was at a loss - more because really, nothing special, not just taste - which seemed bland, but even texture. 
The Guac was good - a little strange that they mash it in front of you and are forced to converse.... all I kept thinking was : did the waitress wash her hands? I mean they use a pestel because it is in a mortar type stone bowl but - still some of that guac is too close to her hands. I looked over at the couple beside us when they got theirs, their waiter was very chatty - thus their guac was way too smoothe. Make it and bring it out that would be fine for me, you dont have to show me, thanks.

In order of pref of what we ordered
1) Crucero del amor - yummy!! - wish this was my order. If ever I go back this is what I will get. 
2) Pipian poblano - was ok, not what my friend was expecting because she thought Mole sauce was dark chocolate like - its usually her fav. So maybe just a misunderstanding of the mole part on our end?
3) Pescado - yea just plain grilled fish - the fish was over cooked and dry - guess I didnt pick well this time. 

Desert was good:
The tres leche - thank goodness our waitress warned us - was itty bitty.
My corn cake thing was good - except the sorbet threw the whole thing off - had to eat that separately.

... We heard of this place only because we kept passing the pretty patio whenever in the distillery.笑
Atmosphere great, service awful.  Cold burritos that took too long to get and even longer to heat up.  Waitress didn't even ask how everything was....笑
Was there on Tuesday for lunch.  3 stars on Tuesday.  Today was a full 5 star lunch.  Hayley E was an absolutely fantastic server.  Personal. Informed.  Got to know the table but wasn't too much (business lunch).  Food was good each time but the suggestions from Hayley made a huge difference.笑
Overpriced, underwhelming and, on the whole, disappointing.

The interior was promising; open, playful and modern.  The service was decent but there ends the compliments.  

The meal started with ceviche which I typically love.  The serving was spartan.  I am being kind.  It was nearly non-existent.  For $14, you get less than a spoonful of mediocre fish.  Next came a shrimp dish which was heavily dressed and utterly overwhelmed rather than complimented the dish.  The shrimp themselves were limp and had the same appearance and texture as frozen Walmart shrimp resuscitated with cold water.  Price, $22. Last was the fish tacos, again, normally a favorite that fell flat.  It wasn't as terrible as the previous two offerings but were in no way inspired or memorable.

I don't mind paying more for small portions IF they are exceptionally well executed.  In fact welcome it.  This restaurant is the unfortunate confluence of terrible quality, small portions with inflated pricing.  Boo.  I don't do many one star ratings but I give this one enthusiastically.笑
This place is quite amazing, the ambience is great, the service is really good and the prices are well a bit pricey.

A lot of people recommended the fish tacos so that's exactly what I tried when we got there.

We got some nachos and freshly made guacamole, then some Tequila shots followed up with the fish tacos.  We got an extra order because it was delicious.

Price could be better, but thats the price of being downtown. Enjoy!!! And have a great time.笑
The portions are ridiculously small. We ended up paying $95 for two people with drinks and we left hungry! The ceviche was delicious but tiny. Tostadas were the size of a baby fist. Tortilla soup was thick and over salted. I will not be coming back to that place ever. The only thing we liked was a decor and couple of creative drinks. There must be better Mexican places with less hype for nothing.笑
Rolled in for brunch during TIFF (was hoping to escape the madness of DT)... had been meaning to try this place out cause im a huge fan of Mexican food... 

resos were fairly easy to get (unlike when it was boiler house!) great open patio! was a little chilly out but that's Toronto for you... 

service was decent... theyre trying hard so enthusiasm makes up for lack of experience... 

food... was meh to okay... honestly speaking, the brunch staples were acceptable but frans does better at making waffles and pancakes... and I consider frans a last call for brunch...the tacos were good but we did find big pieces of fat in the tacos.... kinda gross... 

the drinks... well... hmmm... a $45 pitcher of margaritas that was half ice is somewhat steep... tasted decent but prbly should have just done them individually... (we got 3 glasses out of 1 pitcher....)

over all the place is nice to hangout at on a warm afternoon but the food portions are rather small and the drinks just okay... the pub across the way is prbly a safer bet...

one last thing... whats with the tiny receipt???笑
Came here for dinner last night.

Pros
Nice ambiance 

Cons
Extremely expensive for bite sized portions 
Very loud, can barely talk to one another 
Fairly slow service

Would definitely not recommend笑
I returned to El Catrin on Sunday.
Sat on the patio with my fiancé. Patio is a great size and service was fast. My only complaint is that the music was a bit on the loud side. 

We had:
-Chips and Gauc - 5/5 get this!

-Octopus on fennel salad (this is not the official name of this dish. It's in the small bits section of the menu) 4/5 I loved this. But I love fennel. I didn't love the black beans on it which is why I am giving it 4 and not 5. 

- Mini Chicken Burritos - 5/5

- A beef dish on the house special section that's made with a sundered mexican beef - 4/5 - my fiancé loved this. i thought it was okay. It was very authentic tasting. 

- Tuna ceviche - 5/5 fresh and delicious. 

I had a margarita which was relish.

For desert we had Churros. 4/5 I had a bite and thought they were great. My fiancé thought they were just okay. They were fresh and warm. Our favourite dip was the caramel sauce.笑
Great fish tacos. I love it! Was light and very crispy! Would recommend the patio on a hot day! A little bit of slow service and giggling hostesses checking out my friend.笑
It's location adds great value to this place. Would consider it for drinks, but not for food. If you really crave Mexican food, have aperitifs here and find a Taco Bell near by - I hear their Chalupas are fire.笑
My review is long over due.  I went here with a couple of friends in May and the ambience, food and service was great!  We're definitely returning although my friends have already been there before.  I can't recall what we ate, but we had a bunch of meat and vegetarian tacos as well as alcoholic drinks.  Our waitress was very helpful in answering questions with a sincere smile too.  It was warm enough for us to sit outside on the patio as we were surrounded by a bunch of heat lamps.笑
Our stuck up server and this restaurant's ego needs to get it checked at the door, cuz they didn't back any of that up. We heard these guys had a bad ass taco so we ventured over to try it out. When we told them who our favourite taco place was (and still is after this hands down), we were literally getting into an argument with them. Easy there $15 taco...it's heathy to know about your competition, no need to get so defensive. We got the Baja fish and pulled pork taco. They were good, but nothing like Grand Electric. If you like uppity, stuck up service with overpriced food, enjoy. Otherwise, there's tons of better places out there that will treat you and your wallet better. Thanks for nothing.笑
This place is amazing. The atmosphere is a lot of fun. It was our first time here. Sofiya was our waitress.  Extremely polite, knowledgable and very friendly. She had other tables but never failed to make sure we didn't need anything. She absolutely made our visit nicer.笑
Beer is good.  Atmosphere excellent.  Tacos great.  Very cool decor.  And prices are reasonable. Check it out!笑
Decided to check this place out because I love Mexican food and it was in the area. However it was very disappointing. For starters myself and two friends were told we would get a table within 45 minutes. Excited to try the place because of its beautiful decor and patio we waited. Unfortunately we did not get seated until two and a half hours later. We waited so long because the hostesses kept telling us our time would be up shortly. Finally after being seated we were able to order some food. At first glance the menu looks excellent but when you try it, at best it's average. Definitely can get better tacos at other places close by. Not to mention their portions are crazy small. And drinks are strikingly overpriced ($40 for a small pitcher of sangria). I will hand it to them for creating a great atmosphere thanks to their patio and setup but definitely not worth the long wait or prices.笑
Amazing decor, great food, very attentive to my grandparents needs. Great tequila and pineapple.笑
I went here a few months ago to celebrate finishing my doctoral defense with my family. While the food and drinks were really good, it was nearly impossible to have a conversation with my family because they turned the music up really loud right after we were seated. When you're at an expensive restaurant, you want to enjoy time with the people who are with you - that includes talking to them and not having to yell at them. It was also really dark; my parents had to use the flashlight on their phones to read the menu. Anyway, maybe some people like this style of dining, but if I were to go back I wouldn't go for a special occasion - just for drinks or maybe a first date since your date won't hear you say anything stupid or at all. 

To the positives! The guacamole was awesome - definitely get the grande. Also, make sure you order a bunch of dishes right at the beginning, it's hard to get your server to come by to take additional orders of things. I really liked the ceviche pacifica and the atún tostaditas. The churros were also nice - our waitress was kind enough to bring me a free dessert since I was celebrating. Once I stopped trying to actually talk to my family, we had a lot of fun taking pictures and yelling at each other about the food being good.  

Honestly, this place is really pricy given the portion sizes and I think if I went back it would just be for the guac and drinks; the Mayan Margarita was the best drink I've ever had in my life.笑
Every week, doesn't matter the day, my husband and I decided to make sure to have a date night. We have always talked about trying El Catrin and it was Dave's turn to plan something, so he chose here. 

We made reservations for Sunday night 8 pm.  We got there at 7:50 pm and requested a seat outside but it was first come first serve and so decided to just sit inside as planned. I read from previous reviews that they would say its funny booked or tables will be empty but they'd still have to wait for a table, and even though we had a reservation we had to wait. I didn't like where we were seated at first cause it by the hall where the kitchen door is and I'd hate to move suddenly and someone's plate over. So I asked to move and our waitress was very accomodating to do so. I believe her name was Miranda.
She was great at making suggestions and explaining the menu. It was our first time there and I am not familiar with Mexican food (except tacos and burritos) 

To start We ordered the tomal (chicken and corn) and the ahi tuna with guac and chip (I forget the name). Both were good but we enjoyed the ahi tuna appetizer better. $10 each. Pricey for only 2 peices. 

For mains we got the lamb chops and snapper. The lamb was three small peices but delicious. I have no idea what was on it but Dave said it was in the running for best lamb. The lamb was cooked medium rare with a light crust and a guava sauce (according to the mnu but really I wouldn't know) I wish we didn't have to share that or there was more of it for $18. Dave said at least three times that he enjoyed it on our way home. The snapper was good as well. We likes the avocado sauce on it as well as the watermelon  and mango salad that it came with. $22 but it was also on the small side and I probably wouldn't get it again. 
-our waitress did suggest the steak as its larger serving but we did want to try something a little different from our usual go-to steak. Maybe next time.

I got the watermelon fire cocktail and that was good.

We ordered the churros for dessert. $8 for 4 peices and 3 dipping sauces. It was crispy on the outside but soft on the inside. It was very good and the portion for this was enough for us to share.

$100 total with tax and tip. Fair for date night but not alot of food. Like other reviews, its tastey but pricey for small portions. Dave and I aren't big eaters and we did leave full but if I went there hungry, I probably wouldn't feel so satisfied. 

Notes:
- patio is first come first serve, no reservations and line up for it. 
-small portions
- small bites menu are in fact very small bites for $10笑
As many others have noted, the atmosphere of El Catrin is an automatic winner. We came here around 7pm on a Friday, and it was bustling with energy. We waited in line for around 20 minutes for the patio area, as expected (we had called a few days earlier attempting to make a reservation, but everything was booked - they said that the walk-in bar/patio wait time was usually over half an hour). 

Once we were seated, a server quickly outlined the menu and daily specials. We decided on
1 | TODO SANTOS CEVICHE
Daily fish marinated in lime juice, sweet potato, diced mango, avocado, onion, serrano 
2 | GOBERNADOR (tacos)
Flour tortilla, sautéed shrimp, lobster, chipotle aioli, black bean purée
3 | COSTILLA CORTA
24 hour braised short rib, Oaxacan mole negro, plantain puree, chayote squash

The ceviche and tacos were incredible. Granted I've never tried authentic ceviche, but the flavours complimented each other perfectly. Plus, tacos are a must at a Mexican restaurant. The short rib was good, but I'm not sure the combination of flavours was one I'd opt for. Overall, I was very satisfied with the quality.

I was also really impressed by the service. All the waiters were warm and friendly. The table next to us got a drink wrong multiple times, and the waitress was extremely kind about apologizing and replacing it. I wouldn't necessarily expect such humility from other restaurants. 

This is a fabulous patio to visit in Distillery District - strongly recommended!笑
OK, there are lots of things you can criticize about this place.  For one thing, the portions are small and the price is not cheap.  Secondly, the line up for a table can be long.

However, this place has some huge positives.  First and foremost, the room is absolutely stunning.  The wall painting is spectacular.  The bar is a feast for the eyes.  Secondly, the food is delicious and authentic.  Third, their tequila menu is impressive.  Even more impressively, they bring with it a shot of sangrita and some other delicious beverage (I would appreciate if someone could fill me in on what it this.)  Forth, the front patio is amazing.  Fifth, it's located at the wonderful Distillery District.笑
Who doesn't love a pitcher of mojitos on a hot and steamy Saturday night in Toronto?  The food here was really good - my friend and I ordered 5 tapas to share (Gringa Taco was my fav).  The decor inside is amazing (worth the trip inside for patio dwellers).  Previous Yelpers warned me about the $$ and I feel the food/experience was well worth the price.

Nitty Gritty
How we didn't wait for a table on a busy Saturday night @ 6:30pm:  For dinner inside, reservations were  booked until 11 PM. For dinner on the patio, the line was to the street meaning over an hour and a half wait. So we went inside the restaurant, walked right up to the bar and sat down.  Easy Peasy!  I did notice at times the bar got full, but it flushed out on a regular basis.  The bar staff was the right amount of chatty and we had live entertainment of the constant cutting of limes, oranges and mint!

Next time I would make a reservation to eat inside for the decor was stunning!  In my opinion you can eat on a patio anywhere.笑
Must start off by saying that the decoration and atmosphere are incredible. The restaurant owners were able to snag a prime old Distillery District building, featuring an extra large open space with extraordinarily high ceilings and a nice looking patio with fire pits for chilly evenings. Day of the Dead and other handmade Mexican decorations throughout are gorgeous, as is the colorful night lightning and fun tropical music that beckons you right in. 

This would probably be a great spot for drinks with friends. But since I went for dinner, the food must be evaluated first and foremost, and it sadly did not live up to the promise of its vibrant surroungings.  

Started with the guacamole, which was served with a very small portion of chips. There was no flavor to it besides pure avocado. I tried to add one of the house salsas, but both the green and red versions lacked heat. 

The ceviche verde was served in a tiny glass, and lacked the palate-pleasing tangy/spicy components that help make ceviche great. The pulpo a la diabla did, thankfully, pack a flavor punch, but was not properly balanced with the delicacy of the octopus (plus for the price, the portion was again unexpectedly miniscule). I'm a dessert fan, but was so disappointed by the food thus far that I just wasn't motivated to go on.

Would consider returning with out of towners for drinks only.笑
This place was a lot of hits and misses. The mojito was amazing. Both the inside and the patio are stunning. The pulled pork tacos were delicious too...however, that's the end of the hits. The Pacifica ceviche was awful. The seafood was mushy and the taste still lingers in my subconscious only to appear during the worst nightmares. On top of that, the portions are small and the prices are high which only works if everything is amazing...which it was not. I'd return for drinks on the patio, but I'll pass on the food.笑
Let's just say I have been here 3 times in the last month! If you like tapas and Mexican then this is the perfect place for you. The decor is awesome...from the totally cool over sized chandeliers...to the neon glowing skulls on the wall...this place has been beautifully crafted...it has a heated patio as well..and the theme of the restaurant is carried out nicely  to the patio....I am sure this place is rammed in the summer time.

There were 6 of us the last time we went and had a bunch of things to share, started with the homemade guacamole that is made at your table....then ordered a bucket of shrimp (so yum) fish tacos (quite filling) shrimp and lobster tacos (again very yum) corn shots (must have when in season) ahi tuna on a crispy shell (so fresh) mini chicken burritos (pretty good). We were celebrating 2 birthdays so they brought out these mini cakes which were to die for! I think our group stopped talking for 5 minutes to relish the taste! Oh yea we also ordered a pitcher of mango margarita...sooo yummy!

This is currently my favorite restaurant, my only gripe is that it gets really loud and it is hard to talk...but this time we got seated in the back area and had an amazing time!笑
Guacamole was good, everything else taste like garbage Baja taco was only tasty item on menu but they loaded it in grease笑
Wow was I disappointed by my dinner here. For a place that's so fussy with their reservations (reservations only for inside, if you want to sit outside you gotta wait in line), I expected much more. My cocktail, a mojito reposado, was watered down and overly sweet. The guacamole we had to start was so disappointing. The waitress mashed it up tableside, which is an interesting plus, had it been actually mixed up properly. I ingested actual quarter chunks of avocado as I was eating. That's right, just pure chucks of avocado, nothing else. The ingredients included in their guacamole itself was a bland mix. The guacs I whip up at home in a minute or two are much more flavorful. Another dish we ordered, the daily fish ceviche, was terrible. The overpowering fishy flavor of the raw fish used showed that they didn't use enough lime juice to cover the taste. We ended up just not eating the fish because we were afraid we would get tummy aches from it. Lastly, the gobernador tacos were another disappointment. Too much mayo was used and flour tortillas used in tacos just don't compare to corn tortillas.

Giving this place 2 stars instead of 1 because service was generally good and the interior designs/atmosphere was very nice.笑
I'm on a low rating streak and I don't care who knows!

I didn't plan this party, but I did read the Yelp reviews ahead of time, so I thought I knew what I was in for.  Little did I know, they have a 'heated' patio, and my group decided it was a good idea to SIT ON SAID PATIO for dinner on Saturday night.  A fun adventure...ish...they do give you blankets but they didn't have a table big enough for our group (12) so we had to sit at two separate tables.

Speaking of which, jury is out if they take reservations.  They have Opentable and when I called to ask if they could take cilantro out of their dishes (I was told yes), she asked the name on my reservation - but when the organizer of the party called, she was told they don't.  So we went in without one.

Service was slow, frazzled, careless.  My drink was good and well worth $11 (I had the mango fresco frapas or something like that).  I didn't eat because - despite what I'd been told - EVERYTHING HAD CILANTRO AND THEY WOULDN'T TAKE IT OFF.  Even the damn chaser for the tequila shots had cilantro in it.  My word!  I'm okay with that ... if the lady answering the phones had been more honest.

I wouldn't schlep out to Distillery again for this.  Don't recommend.  Patio will be super fun in summertime with great drinks though, I'm sure.笑
Fabulous Mexican spot Anthony Bourdain kept a secret about. Not to be missed above the border.

When we first walked in, we were totally impressed with El Catrin's decor. With its dark walls, it's as though we were in an old tavern lit up with a circus of fantasy Day of the Dead festivities; a colour mural created by an exceptional Mexican artist Oscar Flores.  

Olivier Le Calvez Executive Chef turns out an outstanding authentic Mexican-inflected menu composed of delightful traditional small plates. Apart from the enchanting name, diners might wonder why this idiosyncratic restaurant with a unique, personal point of flavours, artistry and view doesn't get more attention outside of its neighbourhood. It definitely deserves it.笑
Very pricy and nothing to rave about. Was a little disappointed as this is a great location. Margaritas and the food were good but very small portions for the price. Ambiance is nice but I only advise having a drink and then moving along. I had more flavorful tacos and bigger portions for less of a price at Wilbur Cantina.笑
I absolutely love it here! My and my girl went here for the first time and we both enjoyed everything about this place. The atmosphere is to die for! It's has a very old school Mexican vibe but with a modern touch at the same time. They're great for large groups as well as intimate dates. 

We were seated within 5 minutes and our server for the night was awesome! He was super friendly and answered any question we had about the menu. I got the Gobernador tacos which were amazing! It's definitely a must try! The only critique I would give it is that the portion size is pretty small so make sure to eat an appetizer beforehand and you'll be more than satisfied. To drink I had the mojito Brasilia and if definitely did not disappoint. 

The whole atmosphere really did it for me! I love the whole Mexican patio concept and that it could fit lots of people. I'd be more than happy to come back here and recommend it to others.笑
Pro: Guac, drinks and decor

Con: dirty bathrooms with a pungent scent of marijuana.  After being seated we were told we needed to order promptly because the kitchen was closing; I thought that was rude considering we waited 10 minutes for a table even though there were plenty of empty tables.  Our waiter was super busy hitting on a group of women to pay us any attention.  We ordered burritos which came in the form of 4 spring rolls, really!?!?!   

This is a neat place to grab a drink or finish a night but I doubt I will be returning.笑
Honestly, I was just underwhelmed. We seemed to have made the wrong choices though. The chilaquiles were really just double fried chips with sour cream and red onion, and the burrito was pitifully small. The cucumber agua fresca tasted like the inside of a pickle jar. The staff however, is fantastic. Our waitress was very understanding and comped us for the things we disliked. If anything, I'd recommend definitely get the table side guac, and go for the tacos instead. Another plus- the GF options are very easy to discern.笑
I had such high, excited hoped for El Cantrin. I saw pictures and thought there's no way this won't be my summer jam. Can't even tell you how broken-hearted/hungry I was after I went. There were definitely positives, but my experience just drowned them all out.

Came for lunch at noon yesterday and it all just started sour. Got to the door and the screwface hostess asked how many we were then asked us to wait in line. From the outside we could see the patio and it was maybe 40% full. This isn't King St at midnight; wtf am I doing waiting in line when there are tables? Got through the "line" and then she asked again how many people. Seated 2 minutes later. The girl who seated us was even less hospitable than the door girl.

Sat down and it took about 15-20 mins before anyone came to take our drink order. Again, the place wasn't busy and there was staff everywhere. I ordered the watermelon fire to drink and thankfully it came out quickly and I loved it. Their brunch menu wasn't all that thrilling so I was having a hard time with it. Got the guacamole and nuts for an app and our waitress said everything on the second page was a good portion for one person, so I ordered the mexican corn cakes and my friend ordered the eggs. Guac came out almost immediately by an adorable, personable guy mushing up the avocado in front of us and making it a great app to start with. See? I'm really not just here to complain :)

My friend's eggs came almost right away. They were lukewarm and you know when bean dip has been sitting and starts to harden a bit on the outside? That's how his plate came. My food didn't come with his. Isn't it restaurant 101 to serve meals together, especially when it's just two people? I didn't want his food to get even cooler so I told him to start, thinking mine would be out any minute. He finished his meal before my food came out 45 minutes after ordering. My food was seriously the tiiiiiiniest portion, so the claim of "good for one person" was a joke. The chorizo was old, served on stale corn cakes. I took one bite and was through with the place. 

We were on a time constraint so when the waitress asked if she could bring me something else, we just asked for the bill. It was a little expensive but I was expecting that for the venue, because it really is gorgeous. Settling the bill took over ten minutes which annoyed me because I just told you I'm on a time crunch and you know I had a shitty meal so why aren't you being more accommodating? Oh, and the bill came to 56, my friend left 70, and the waitress brought back 15 even, so we had no choice but to leave her 10 without seriously stiffing her. So tactless right? 

It all just felt so Moxie's. Like I was being served by university students trying to make a buck but took no pride in the place. I don't feel like Toronto restaurants understand how CRUCIAL our experience is and how it can all be saved by hiring the right people. Someone mentioned in another review that Toronto's a worldly place and we go everywhere and dine at the best places. Don't spend all this money and make all this effort to make your place beautiful, only to hire staff  who treat us like we don't know any better. 

Keep the guacamole guy.笑
After hearing so much about this place, I tried to dine here three times and all three times I received really bad attitude from the hosts telling me that there was a minimum of 1-3 hour wait. Fourth time I was finally able to get a seat.

On to the food - I went for brunch on a weekend. The guacamole was good but I've had a much better one at Valdez. I ordered the Huevos Rancheros ($14) and I was pretty excited but when my order came out - it wasn't hot at all, it was fairly warm as if it had been sitting there for a little while. It wasn't mind blowing but it was okay. My friend got the Pescado ($19) which was a swordfish burrito. We were pretty surprised as to how small it was. It was pretty good though but for $19? I'm not quite sure about that.

The decor and vibe is absolutely amazing. Food is OK. Service could have been better.

If you come here during the evening/weekend, you may be waiting for hours - YOU'VE BEEN WARNED.笑
Amazing food. Some of the best Mexican in Toronto. Reservations are highly recommended, it gets very busy (for a reason)!笑
So sorry but this was the worst food I had in Toronto. It just doesn't even come close to actual Mexican -- at best it is Mexican inspired but barely that. Had baja fish tacos which were flavorless; my margarita was way too sweet (how can you go wrong with a margarita?) and even my tres leches dessert was - well not tres leches - disclosure - I am mexican american and a visiting californian - maybe this passes for mexican up here.笑
I think we really wanted to like this place. The decor is amazing - oversized lamp shades, a floor to ceiling bar wall, a beautiful mural all inspired by Día de Muertos. Great vibe - music just loud enough to make it a happening environment. 

Our food was honestly substandard. It was just ok. I had the Omelet Cazador and my husband had the Baja tacos. We also shared the Table side Guacamole. So... when they say table side guac it basically means it comes with all the ingredients already in the bowl and the waiter mashes it in front of you. I thought there would be more pizzaz to it. The Omlelet was very very salty, to the point I couldn't finish it, and the tacos were ok. 

The drinks on the other hand were fantastic. I had the Smoky Flower - Mezcal and St. Germain. Deliciously smokey and sweet all at the same time. So I would recommend going for drinks and hanging out... not for dinner.笑
I'd been wanting to try this place for a while and finally went with a friend. To keep it short and sweet:

-the decor is amazing. Great ambience

-the guacamole is excellent. They really promote it and I can see why. Fresh, tasty, and with just a hint of spicy kick that keeps you wanting to eat more and more. The chips are nice too, tasty and crisp but not greasy.

-I'd advise skipping the ceviche. We ordered the Sierra and were shocked by how tiny the portion was (for $10; I've had far larger portions in Mexico for 1/10 the price). I thought perhaps an amazing taste would make up for it; sadly, the best description I could come up with for it was "underwhelming". Fish was a bit rubbery and the only distinctive flavour was the lime juice, which was not enough to render it interesting.

-I had the Tacos Rajas Poblanas, which were fantastic. The flavours blended perfectly to make an amazing taste experience. My friend was similarly pleased with his Huarache Albañil.

-Overall, a nice experience. The food isn't traditionally Mexican so much as Mexican-inspired, which is fine. It's pretty pricy for small portions, so it isn't a place I'd come back to regularly, but it was a nice special-occasion experience.笑
We had one night in Toronto and we chose this place after hearing great things. We were REALLY disappointed with the food - my chorizo dish did not taste fresh, the baja tacos were very small and ordinary and the ceviche was the only thing that was passable. Everything was underseasoned and my margarita tasted like it came from a pre-made grocery store mix with little to no tequila in it. It felt like it's a factory here. Music was too loud, service was not great and the waitresses looked uncomfortable in their ill fitting vibrant red attire. We went to the italian place next door afterwards to fill our bellies with good food and have some wine to forget about this experience. Sad that this was our only night to experience this "foodie" town. :(笑
Food was fine and margaritas were excellent.  Service during a slow Sunday morning was terrible.  Water glasses never refilled. Refill of chips took 15 minutes and arrived after finishing our main courses. Waitress never checked on us once during the meal.笑
Fun spot for brunch, drinks, or dinner especially in the summer when patio is open!  Cool but chill, solid menu and execution.笑
I would give 5 stars if the place was the  only thing to be rated, amazing decor, great patio, nice atmosphere but when it comes to the food I ordered the marinated steak in chipotle adobo and it had no flavour at all, I also ordered the governador tacos which say "sauté" shrimp and it tasted like it had just been mixed with the lobster, no flavour and it was cold. The waiter did not know how to explain some of the dishes and also took a while to get our drinks, also first came the tacos and then our appetizer! If it's not cheap food you expect it to be delicious!笑
Great drinks and the place looks soooo cool! Food is good but not great笑
Absolutely love this place.  From the ambiance, to the attentive wait staff to the amazing food - this place is 5 stars all around.

Highly highly recommend the following two dishes:

1. Higado De Pato (Foie Gras Tostadas). This is a pricey dish (two tostadas for $18) but it's well worth it.  The foie gras were perfectly seared and paired with an amazing mango syrup that created the perfect sweet and savoury combo that really set the tone for the entire meal.  

2. Gobernador Taco.  Like the many reviews to date saying El Catrin makes the best tacos in the city... the Gobernador really drove that point home for me.  Words can't describe how good this taco was. The flavours were spot on, and they had the perfect amount of sauce that allowed the shrimp and lobster to really shine.  When I took the first bite it made me fall in love with Mexican food all over again.

We also ordered a lot more food, but those two really stole the show.  I can't wait for my next trip here!!笑
My wife works nearby, and we love just walking around the Distillery District, so we end up here at least once a month.

I've been here enough times to take the good with the bad, so I'll lay out the pros and cons

Pros
Great ambiance and environment inside and outside (great patio)
Great place for mixed drinks (lots of different Margaritas to choose from)
Gobernador Tacos and Guacamole are usually really good
You can almost always get seated right away as long as it's inside.

Cons
Drinks are a bit pricey
Portions are small for my liking (I'm a big dude) and end up having to order two meals
Service is 50/50. It's either really good or really bad. Never been consistent
There's usually a long wait on nice days if you want to sit in the patio笑
Ambiance, great.
Service, great.
Time to wait for food, great.
drink menu, great.
Price, dreadful.
Portions (tacos aside) horrendous.
Portions vs. Price, terrible.
Tacos, excellent.

The Beef rib in particular, was pathetic. the meat portion of this dish would fit in a tablespoon; for $17+. Not acceptable. We've all bought beef ribs, we know the cost. Even if you factor the cooking, the mole and the presentation, the markup on this menu item is criminal. So I had to order more as a result. I didn't plan to order more.

Great place if you are a) wealthy AND b) you want to impress someone without going to a pretentious place.笑
All I can say it FANTASTIC!!
Get there early or make a reservation several days before going as it gets packed quickly!
Also best patio in the city!! In the Summer or Winter!!
The Guacamole is freshly made at your table and is to die for.. The Tacos are super taste and fun to share, and the  CALLO DE HACHA MONTE ALBAN, is fantastic..笑
El Catrin was very accommodating. We had a 6:30 reservation for two, ending up being 15 minutes late. We only had to wait 3 minutes before being seated. Beats waiting in line 45 minutes. Word of advice, make a reservation before heading to El Catrin. Its easy to do online on their website.Tables are snug, so you might make friends with the table next to you. 

The food is Mexican tapas style and is on the pricier side. Ordered some guac to begin with, a corn dish (Equistes) that was really good and flavorful, two sets of fish tacos and of course the churros. All were fantastic. Fish tacos were really good, but I have to admit, I have had better back in Ottawa.

The beginning of the service was a tad slower as we placed our drink order (two waters and a soda) and it took quite some time for them to arrive. ( I was parched and hung over, so I was anxiously awaiting a big cold glass of water). Other than that, all was good!

This is a place where a lot of people go to of ages to have fun, let loose and enjoy some good Mexican food.

I would recommend this restaurant.笑
Ok, so great patio and service. Will always be packed in the summer because it is a touristy area in Distillery.

However. The grilled shrimp salad actually consisted of grilled cocktail shrimp and the tacos had flour tortillas. That is not a great Mexican restaurant.笑
Inside decor is very cool. Tableside guacamole was amazing. Esquites as an appetizer, was tasty and zesty. Mains and desserts were just OK. Biggest annoyance was the server, although pleasant, rushed us through the ordering process, not allowing us time to sit and enjoy the ambiance. The kitchen also seemed to be on orders to bring out dishes as they were made, whether we were ready for them or not (ie. mains brought out while we were still enjoying the apps. The table next to us sent their mains back to the kitchen, due to the poor timing).

Next visit, we will be outside on the patio, and for drinks and guac only.笑
Went here with my boyfriend on a Friday evening. This place has a cool atmosphere. There must be about 200 different types of Tequila on the menu. We ordered a "sipping Tequila" which came with two shot glasses with some sort of strange chaser in them - one was sweet, one was similar to a tomato salsa. We also shared an order of pulled chicken burritos, which were very bland. I probably wouldn't go back.笑
We stopped by here on a whim and it turned out to be a great experience. The restaurant is housed in a historical building in the distillery district, so there is plenty of ambience. Despite the size, the place was packed when we arrived. Service is friendly and prompt, and there is plenty to choose from on the food and drinks menus. They make a pretty decent margarita, by the way!
Food is served tapas style - small portions (actually, really small!) that are perfect for sharing between 2 people. If you have more than 2, you may have to order more than 1 of each dish to be able to share properly.
We had the Elote Placero - grilled corn cob segments served with seasonings and crumbled fresh cheese - delicious! The avocado is mashed fresh in front of you so you can get it just how you like it. Then there was the Atun - tuna ceviche with watermelon - I can't tell you how much I loved this dish, it was soooo good! The Pulpo a la Diabla - spicy grilled octopus - was also fantastic. Finally, the Carne Asada - seasoned grilled steak - was really good, but a bit of a disappointment compared to the other fantastic dishes.
You probable see this in other reviews, but the only reason this place gets 4 stars and not 5 is the value - it is quite expensive and portions are pretty small. But it is fun, the food tastes fantastic, and if you want to impress your date and don't mind throwing down some coin, you will really enjoy yourself here!笑
Pretty decent place
Great atmosphere, outside...plus its in the distillery district.

The service was good, very attentive, even though we were in a large group.
Prices are decent for beer and tequila.   Waitress did know here tequila's which impressed me as I am a huge tequila fan (not to shoot but to enjoy)
The Guac was awesome as they make in front of you and its a huge portion.  Usually you have more chips than guac, but this time there was more guac than what we knew to do with.
The chips and salsa was on point.
Tacos were good!  had a few different types.  Very similar to grand electric.  Its taco's at a mexican restaurant...hard to make it mind blowing, but it was delicious.
I would defn come back again, especially for the patio.笑
This restaurant is gorgeous, probably one of the prettiest in Toronto. Reservations are recommended. The crowd is older and mature. The service is quick, friendly and informative.  The drink menu is impressive, lots to choose from. Same with the food. HOWEVER, the portions are on the tiny side. 
Food Recommendations (All are very very small in portion though, a few bites and your done)
- Pollo Chicken Burritos 
- Cordero pipian
- Ceviches笑
Sat for 45 minutes before being served. Had to flag down 3 people before we got water. Not pleased.笑
I thought this place would be another typical Mexican restaurant, boy was I wrong.

The food here is different and amazing, its authentic traditional and modern Mexican cuisine, chef Olivier Le Calvez is a genius.  Loved the fresh guacamole and best fish tacos I had.

The interior décor and patio are out of this world, love the cool over sized chandeliers and the neon glowing skulls on the wall, very well done.

The drinks are very good and reasonability priced.  But, the food portions are small and slightly expensive.  

I would definitely go back.笑
Good environment but food is not good. This is the worse Mexican food I've ever had in GTA. They have so many tables available but they let people wait on a long line. It's beyond ridiculous how slow the services are.

We ordered the guacamole but it's bland. I have to season it myself. The other recommendations by the waitress are just embarrassingly bad. The pepito sandwich is served on a stale bread and the steak is again tasteless. The fish taco is so bad. The taco shell is like some sort of fake rubbery rubbish. Why can't a self proclaimed Mexican make taco shell right?!?!?! The fish was fried with a batter that's thicker than the skin of Donald Trump. Seriously I can make better Mexican food myself and I'm not even Mexican.

It's a miracle that this restaurant can still stay in business.笑
Pretty good mexican food. Liked the spicy Gauc and the corn. The Tres Leches was great as well. The vegetarian soup was great with avocados on top!笑
Beautifully decorated and an awesome patio ! Food was alright . The best dish they had was the fish tacos but you could get that elsewhere that tastes just as good . The flour tortilla was a bit too thick . 

I must comment about the bathroom sink , when I first visited I thought someone had threw up lol turns out thats the way it is LOL 

If you are looking for a good spot for a date , this is the place ! (Only for drinks ) i would not spend money on their food !笑
The bar looks really nice but the draught beer is horrible and the Baja tacos pretty much flavorless. Very disappointing. Maybe if you're just coming to drink liquor it's good. Can't say. 

Hi Rik,
The beer was recommended by the waitress when I said I was looking for something hoppy (IPA). Not sure if it was Sleeman or Okanagan, but pretty much tasted like any weak mass produced lager.笑
We called in looking for a table for 4. They said they were booked for over 2 weeks inside but had a first come first serve heated patio. We decided to give it a go and see of we could get a table. After maybe a 5-10min wait we got a seat next to the fire pit. 

We ordered a large variety of food to share including the fish tacos, pulled chicken tacos, pork rind, crab cakes and a few other items. This paired with the fresh guacamole and salsas and endless tortillas chips filled us all up. The food was delicious and very flavorful. The atmosphere was great and a quick walk into the main area showed why it was booked for so long. The inside would be an experience all by itself and no words I could use to describe the decor.

Overall great experience, the waiter was very attentive and brought more chips without us ever having to ask. If it had been a little cooler it wouldn't of been as nice as a cool breeze made it just bareable. They offered blankets to those who wanted which was a nice touch. Would definitely visit again. In warmer weather or try for the inside.笑
Pretty good atmosphere to have drinks with friends. The food was good and most dishes were for sharing so it was enough to enjoy for each ppl :)

I remembered there were more than 4 kinds of taco.
Highly recommend you try crispy fish taco with mojito.笑
3.5 Stars 

VIBE 
It's really nice to see a modern update on what was the old Boiler House space. El Catrin has done a great job on creating a fun atmosphere for a Mexican Restaurant (and might I add it's nice to see a large space for a Mexican resto?! Most Mexican restaurants in TO are really small places). The decor is great but I would note that the music is pretty loud. I was shouting at my date the entire time. A great date place and for groups celebrating birthdays, etc. 
The staff here are on it and despite being busy are attentive (but not too attentive). 
PS make a reservation if you can. The place is popular. 

WE ATE/DRANK 
The margaritas are big. Yay! (but tone it down on the ice) 

Guac - great portion size for the regular size. Good flavour.
Atun tostada - This was one of our faves and great price at $10 
Gringa - this was another favourite and personally, my favourite. Great for a date because it's not messy! I loved the flavour compliments of the pork, queso and pineapple. YUM! 
Atun ceviche - a bit acidic so tostada over ceviche 
Gobernador Tacos - lobster and shrimp? Yes please. Great portions and I like that if you want to add one, you can for an extra $5. Competitive in the marketplace. 

If you're going to get two things on the menu I would say go for the gringa and the gobernador. 

OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK 
Ole! I like this place. It's nice to have a trendy, modern place (not to mention Mexican food) in the Distillery District. Now can patio season get here soon enough, please?笑
Marie was Fantastic, service was excellent food was fantastic great place will be back笑
El Catrin is housed in the space that was formerly the Boiler House.  White linen table cloths have been swapped for a neon mural and the entire restaurant is themed in a really cool Dia de Los Muertos way.  Think skeletons in zoot suits splashed across an entire wall with larger than life lamp shades that hover over your table.  On the opposite wall is an entire floor to ceiling wall of tequilas and other boozy goods.

El Catrin is best known though, for its patio.  Lineups upwards of 45 minutes on a not-so-sunny day, and if the Vitamin D is going strong, upwards of 2-3 hours.  

The chef is half French, half Mexican so his food is not really what I'd call traditional.  Portion sizes err on the side of small so take all your Mexican take-out experiences and throw them out the window or you will be sorely disappointed. 

Definitely start with the guac 'n chips (the guac is mashed table-side) because it's one of the best I've had in the city; just the right amount of chunks without sacrificing creaminess and not too heavy on the citrus.  As Goldilocks would say - just right!

The chicharron was a huge disappointment; tasted like store-bought pork rinds doused with some crema.  Not the most exciting on either texture or flavor front.

The braised beef short rib, though small is so rich, tender and juicy that just 2 bites is enough for me.  

Their pequeno burritos, while chalked full of cheese wrapped in a thin tortilla shell (which makes it crispy) is good, I can't help but feel they've skimped out on the protein.  We opted for the chicken and we didn't taste much chicken.  To me they were more like rolled up quesadillas.

We also try the Lechon tacos (comes with 3) and were mildly disappointed.  When I think of lechon I think crispy pork skin and juicy, tender, fatty meat.  They got one-half of that equation right - no crispy pork skin.

The service here can be slow.  They're always quick to get your drinks and once you've placed your order you don't really see the server again until you turn your head in all sorts of directions to try to flag 'em down for the bill.

My verdict?  Come here and grab a few nibbles with a cocktail (the PEPINO DIABLO - CUCUMBER DEVIL made with Tromba Blanco / muddled cucumber + Serrano peppers / agave nectar / citrus / Tajin rim) is always my go-to.  Refreshing, but with a kick.

If you don't care for the patio, then make sure you have a reservation (via OpenTable) - otherwise, be prepared to wait.  

It should also be noted that the hosting staff need a bit more organization because it took almost 5 minutes just to笑
Are there last night, since my wife is from Texas and I'm from Okla, we are more than familiar with Mexican food...this was terrific !
Service was excellent, very helpful. We started with guacamole made at our table, excellent ingredients and a generous serving. We ordered small plates, 3 fried cod tacos that were great (we then ordered 3 more- not because they were small- but because they were that good! We also had an octopus, avocado, corn, black bean salad- wow ! The ambiance was nice as well as everything else, would go back except we head back home tomorrow.笑
Amazing decor, good food and good service. Went for lunch mid-week so wasn't that busy. It's an amazing place for friends to get together or to take that special someone for a nice casual bite. It was chilly so the patio was out of the question, however, i can see the patio would be a HIT in the summer time. Looked amazing with the big fire pit in the middle. Now the food... the Guac was solid. Two thumbs up. Burrito was good. The chicken salad was fresh and its a meal size. I'm not a big fan of guac but i enjoyed the guac here. Would definitely come here again as i loved the ambience.笑
Came for dinner around 8PM on this cold, rainy night and was surprised to find the place so packed! At first we tried booking an online reservation on opentable, but couldn't find seats for around 8, so instead we called El Catrin and found out that there are actually seats available at our desired time. So tip of the night is to call them to make a reservation!

Food- 4/5. We really like the small bites (tapas/appetizer size) menu options here since there are so many vegetarian ones! As usual we ordered the regular guac, which they mash right in front of you and you can truly appreciate how fresh all the ingredients are. The corn off the cob (esquites) appetizer was so flavorful, warm, and creamy - I highly recommend it despite how small each of the 3 shot glass portions were! For mains we ordered the vegetarian enfrijoladas, which is a corn tortilla with cheese and avocado inside and soaked in a black bean sauce with cream on top. It looked kinda gross presentation-wise, but tasted amazing. I ordered the octopus confit (pulpo a la diabla) and was a little disappointed. The portion size was tiny; I was still hungry afterwards. And the dominating tastes were bitter and spicy, which was not what I expected.

Value- 2/5. There are definitely way cheaper Mexican places around town including Cocina Economica, which is also in Corktown and nearby. However, El Catrin is one of those treat-yo-self places, so enjoy the experience and try not to fret over the $$$ and tiny portions. From apps to mains, all the portion sizes were small, small, small, which seems to be the theme here - very tapas-like. So my advice would be to eat before you come because you will likely leave hungry unless you plan to splurge.

Service- 4/5. Lost a star for forgetting about us later in the night and we had to wait quite a while for the bill. Otherwise very good! Constant water refills, friendly servers, and the dishes came so fast (in under 10 minutes all our dishes were on the table it seemed).

Venue- 5/5. Gets very loud inside, but in the winter and summer they have a huge outdoor patio that can be heated. Interesting traditional decorations inside.笑
The girls and I headed to El Catrin to check it out last night. We had a table booked in advance. 

We were obviously expecting the service to be slow, since it only opened two weeks ago, but they are obviously working out the kinks at lightning speed, because we truly had a really enjoyable experience with exceptional service. 

The decor is absolutely stunning - it's probably the most unique thing I've seen done in Toronto. We only briefly ventured inside as we opted for the large, spacious patio instead. The patio had a bonfire going in the middle, with 30-40 tables and a fully stocked bar. 

We had several people serving us - one to take our order, others bringing out drinks and food, which was fine. 

I ate:

Guacamole 
Lechon Crujiente (Crispy pork belly served over plantain and lentil stew)
Ensalada Disteliria (A salad with shrimp, papaya, mango, etc)
Tuna Ceviche

The Lechon was definitely the must try dish here. The salad was light and refreshing. The ceviche was also delicious, incredibly spicy. The guacamole is made fresh at your table, which was a nice touch. Everything was presented beautifully.

Friends tried tacos, crab cakes and some other ceviche varieties. 

The portions here are very small - tapas meant to share. Depending on your appetite, you would probably need 3-4 dishes per person.

The price tag is definitely a bit spendy here but not too ridiculous. We paid $42 per person all in, and we didn't have any drinks (tap water only). 

I would come back most definitely as the decor, food and overall ambiance make for a really great evening.笑
Went there for the first time and honestly I do not understand the hype. The food is very average and over priced. We ordered guacamole and it tasted like lime. It was served with a tiny half full pale of chips. The staff was very nice but forgetful when bringing food and drinks.笑
During my Toronto visit, had dinner at El Catrin in the Old Distillery District Area.  It is definitely a touristy location with not that much of a restaurant selection but I gravitated to this place because of the Patio dining. Beautifully decorated and for those cold nights in Toronto, the heating lamps and fire pits definitely came in handy.

Patio dining is quite loud and busy.  The heat can be a bit overwhelming as well.  Food wise, the selection and quality of food was decent. Although, for Mexican food, it was on the pricier end.  You're paying for the ambiance.   I didn't care paying a bit more so long as the food was good, the ambiance was nice, and the service was great...and all 3 met my standards.

OH! And their churros for dessert.....WAS BOMB!

Thank you for a wonderful visit!笑
I went here with a friend and we wanted to try some tequila. The servers were very knowledgable and willing to educate us on tequila. We tried flights of tequila which made it easier to taste the difference. 

Also I can always count on their fish tacos to always be spot on! One of the best in the city! Perfect amount of being fried, while the fish still being tendery and juicy, with just the right amount of dressing. When you go here, you must try the baja (fish) tacos!!笑
Great atmosphere and decor. Amazing patio. Make sure you get the baja tacos and the ceviches. The drinks are a bit pricey for what you get, and the service is a bit slow. Not sure it's worth the 1.5hr wait for dinner. Try to make reservations if you can!笑
Three stars. 

The atmosphere in this place is amazing! Starting from the decor, to the service, to the amazing bar setup, and the DJ spinning great music. Also - the patio is a great chill out spot. 

Our group came here for a birthday and we enjoyed ourselves overall. Didn't have any problems with service, and loved our drinks. I got the Mango Margarita and a minty Mojito I forgot the name of, and both were very tasty and also really strong. Although the prices were a little steeper than average, I felt like I got my bang for buck because the liquor content was really worth it. Beers were around $9/pint and shots (Tequila) starting at around $6. Not incredibly overpriced (given the area - Distillery District), but there are definitely cheaper places out there. 

The only downside we faced was with the food. My boyfriend (the birthday boy) and I shared the mahi mahi ceviche, raw beef tostada, and Baja fish tacos. My favourite would have to be the Baja fish tacos, but at $15 for 3 really small tacos, you could easily go to Kensington for a better meal for both your stomach and wallet. The ceviche was also really fresh and good. No complaints about the tostada but it wasn't memorable either. So while the food didn't disappoint us, it also wasn't good or big enough to justify the price. 

Note: Two of our friends ordered a pork dish and complained it was mostly fat. However, when they complained that there was a chip on of their beer mugs, the manager came over straight away and replaced the beer with a free full pint. Impression: good service, not so great food. 

All in all, spending over $80 for two mixed drinks (albeit large and strong ones), a shot of tequila, and three small dishes and a shared guacamole (granted, they made it fresh table side - nice touch) for the table (of 6 people), just didn't seem worth it for me. Even with the fantastic ambience and atmosphere! 

Verdict: I don't regret coming here, it's definitely worth checking out and our experience was more or less good. We had a fun time! But just keep in mind that the bill really easily racks up here. Trying the food just really is a one time thing here. Would recommend and return - but for drinks/atmosphere only.笑
I'm a huge fan of El Catrin; the flavour combinations are amazing, from the food to the drinks, and they've done a beautiful job with the decor. 

My quibbles are that the portion sizes are sometimes a little in the small side, and much as I love the freshness of the guacamole, I find the way they make it at the table kind-of awkward. I'm out with friends, I want to talk and relax, not interrupt our conversation to watch someone mash up guacamole. 

Anyway, those are small things, because almost everything there is brilliant and perfect. You should eat there.笑
I went to El Catrin with a few friends for a weekday lunch and walked away quite impressed. I really enjoyed the food and the restaurant as well. The atmosphere was nice and there are a lot of cool and funky decorations.

Our table ordered the guacamole as a starter to share, and each of us got a sandwich. The guacamole was incredible, absolutely some of the best I've ever had. They also "prepare" it table side. At first, I thought this meant that the guac was completely prepared table side, but it turns out they simply bring out all the ingredients in a bowl and mash it up for you. A bit of a let down but it tasted so good.

For my sandwich, I got the steak one. I asked the waitress what she would choose between tacos and the sandwiches, and she said the sandwiches are more filling, as they also come with a salad on the side. The sandwich was tasty, juicy, and the bread was soft and chewy. It was a great combination. Everyone at the table enjoyed the meal as well.

Final thought: the food isn't cheap, my lunch bill along with a mojito came to a fair bit. But it was very tasty and honestly, there aren't many cheap and good eats in the Distillery District anyway. I will definitely consider coming back here if I'm in the area.笑
I don't think Yelp has enough stars to cover the food here, it's just that good.  We ordered a number of dishes to share: the red snapper and shrimp ceviche, the tacos al pastor and Baja, the crab cakes, the crispy pork and lentil stew, the red snapper stew, and the pulled pork tacos.  Everything was amazing.  I'm so impressed that such similar dishes could taste so different: the spicy pork tacos followed the earthy pork and lentil stew, which in turn followed the sweet, orange-tinged pulled pork.  The fish dishes were remarkably different from each other, too.

In fact, my only quibble is with the service, and it's hardly an issue at all, except every so often a waiter would drop someone else's food at our table.  The first time, they presented us with a burrito plate even though we hadn't ordered one, and the second, the waitress brought by a plate of tacos Baja even though we'd already received (and eaten!) our order.  Like I said, hardly an issue, though it was weird that it happened so often (we noticed the table next to us also had to refuse plates it hadn't ordered).笑
This place is amazing. The art on the inside is incredible, huge drink menu of innovative cocktails and the food is delicious. We had the Baja fish tacos and the lobster and shrimp tacos. Both seriously delicious but our fave was the lobster and shrimp. The tacos are three for $15 which we found excellent for what was served. I 100%plan on coming back here even though it's no where close to where we live. It's worth the travel. Make a reservation. There was a pretty good sized line when we left and it was Monday evening.笑
Fun place to go for dinner. Located in the Distillery District, it's an great area to walk around before or after your meal. 

Nice ambience, eclectic decor and good music. I've been here a few times and everything was awesome. I'd recommend making a reservation here... I swear, it's always busy. Even through the week. Portions aren't huge, it's more of a 'small bites' kinda place. 

Tons of drink options. Mojitos, Margaritas, Sangria, Cerveza, Wine, and a ton of tequila brands. The Pineapple Smash is one of my faves. 

If you're not into booze, they have infused waters that are really good too: Mint/Cucumber, Tamarind, Rice/Almond, Watermelon and Pineapple/Cantaloupe. 

My food faves:
- Guac & Chips
- Tuna/Watermelon Ceviche
- Baja (Fish) Tacos
- Chipotle Corn
- Ahi Tuna Tostadas
- Huevos Rancheros (Brunch)

You can also add crickets to your guacamole! I've eaten this in Mexico.

Tasting menus are also fun:
- 7 courses for $43/pp
- 9 courses for $57/pp

Great patio outside area in the summer.笑
This place definitely wins for location and ambiance. Service was pretty good considering I was with a large group. I felt like the drink menu was over priced. The guacamole was the one the best I've ever had. The fish tacos were nothing special. I had higher expectations, but I would go back and try more from the menu.笑
This review is based on my experience coming here for drinks. My sister and I got to the Distillery early and had time to kill before going to the Sterling Room so we went to EC for pre-elite event drinks. It was packed at six o'clock on Thursday night, which was a good sign. I miss the Boiler House, but El Catrin did a good job with the decor here. There are a number of seating options - large tables for groups, high tables and bar stools. The drink menu is pretty extensive with a variety of tequilas. I opted for my favourite beer - Desperado. Service was pretty good; our server was personable. Can't wait to return and try their food. 

Good for: Mexican, drinks, groups笑
A bit of a challenge to rate because it had good and bad.

Was seated right away and waitress was friendly. Restaurant itself is beautiful - fantastic mural on the wall and the outdoor patio looks inviting.

Fun tequila and mescal cocktails - especially liked the burnt honey; the blackberry was also yummy. Not overly sweet but full of smokey flavour of the mescal. 

We skipped the guac - really I can do this at home. But instead jumped into some spicy mahi mahi ceviche. Didn't come with crackers or chips though (as one would expect) so we had to order some chips separately. 

Had two orders of tacos - spicy seafood and the other chicken mole. Both were very good and full of flavour. Would order both again.

Then we ordered Cochinta Pibil - which was terribly disappointing. It was completely flavourless. 

Finished with the sweet empanadas - good choice.

But - most disturbing was that part way through our dinner the lights went down and the music changed. All of a sudden we were no longer having a nice dinner but instead were transported to a Cancun night club. Not what we were expecting. Wasn't sure if I was in a restaurant anymore or if I should get my whistle and glow sticks out. Weird. 

And - not that I tried them - but apparently the washrooms were horrible. 'Well used' was the description I was given. Yuck. 

Might come back in the summer for a drink and taco on the patio. But won't be rushing to go back.笑
El Catrin used to be the old Boiler House restaurant in T.O.
Their decoration feels as if you've walked into a dark CANTINA (Spanish word for "Bar").  Painted skulls along the wall reminiscing the Mexican holiday Dia de los muertos or DAY OF THE DEAD. 
With a party of 12 people, the service was average, and at times was a bit slow.  Though they were attentive to our request, there was a bit of confusion for some the strange reason, perhaps it was because we were a large group. 
The food was exceptionable about a 3/5.
Their Mango slaw salad: 3/5 balance of sweet and sour from the slaw, presentation was par, taste was OKAY. nothing to rave about.
House Made Guacamole:4/5 served with tortilla, great balance of flavours, and the presentation was great!!! its nice seeing your server using the traditional mortar and pestle to combine all the ingredients.
Ceviche: 3.5/5 not your traditional ceviche, this had a nice kick of spice, and chunks of tuna which was odd, however quite a nice experience. great mix with the onions, tomatoes, lemon juice.
Quesadilla: 4/5 well presented, not too cheesy, perfect size, and taste was bang on, topped off with some pineapple to add some sweetness to the dish.
Fish tacos: 3/5 literally fish fillet in a taco, with a sweet thousand island sauce
Braised Beef:2/5 Yikes!!! though cooked to tenderness, it lacked flavour, probably NOT IMPRESSED.


Overall based on a fix menu, there is selection, but the quality is not up to its standards! though the staff are bilingual, I feel that they should maybe give the chefs some input on how to prepare traditionally prepared Mexican food.  Lo siento El Catrin  comio mas mejor como tu comida!!!笑
Great food and ambiance, but portions are really small. A Toronto version of Mexico. Even their churros were half size. The average bottle of wine was a surprise $50 on the bill. Would not be coming back....笑
Slowest and worst service in Toronto, food is below average and priced high! It got one star for the decoration. Management have no idea how to run this place . .笑
This restaurant really blew me away. The decor will knock your socks off - from the unreal wall mural to the immense bar to the floor to ceiling pottery. 10/10 for ambience. The service was also fantastic - I can't remember the last time I've had my water refilled and my table attended to so many times. Finally, the food is spectacular. Definitely not your typical Mexican food. So many unique flavours. The dishes are the perfect size for sharing and being able to sample many things off the menu. Definitely try the homemade guacamole (mashed right at your table) and the cochinita pibil (pork brisket braised 24 hours with axiote and orange juice and slow roasted in banana leaf).笑
Sat in the outdoor patio and loved it. The ambiance and decor is awesome. Hubs and I just ordered a bunch of random appetizers (I love seafood so we focused on the fish dishes) and we weren't disappointed. Also, the tequilla mojito was delicious!笑
I am from America so we have a lot of Mexican food, so toronto Mexican is like questionable but this place is legit. the place is real cool looking and the service is awesome. The food is hella good, the Tortas are ridiculous. Some lame people maybe like this place is too expensive but those people should stay home笑
Finally got to try this place! It was a perfect summer day to stop by the distillery district. We lined up for the patio for ~20 mins.. not too bad..the line was around the corner when we left!

The patio is huge and lively. We ordered the guacamole and chips to start, it was nice as the avocados were mashed right by our table. The portion of chips it comes with was underwhelming as we shared it amongst four people.

For mains, our server was not kidding when she advised us that things are meant to be tapas style..be warned the portions are incredibly small! We ordered the mini chicken burritos, gobernador tacos, oyster ceviche and pastor tacos. Everything except the mini burritos (4pcs) came in 3s..so it was difficult to divide amongst four.

Overall, the food was alright but wasn't anything amazing. The tacos for the price you pay did not amaze me.. but the atmosphere was quite nice.笑
I am not really a fan of Mexican food but that is why my friends chose this place. the location, atmosphere (during a nice september night), and staff were great.  
I had the chorizo and celcine beef taco...also the leftover pulled pork and shrimp tacos from my full friends (they dont eat much). The tacos were small but the flavour was decent. like I said I am not a fan of Mexican food but this was ok. Id still prefer to go somewhere else but not for other Mexican food. Im glad I went because its a nice place and to reconfirm my preference in food.笑
I've been to El Catrin now three times, though this is my first review. Every visit has been great. I love everything about this place!

My most recent visit was at 9 pm on a Saturday night with my friend for a girls' night out. I made the reservation a week in advance, and the only options were for 5:45 pm, 9 pm or 10 pm - and that was a full week in advance! So, if you want to try this place, and want to sit inside I highly recommend making a reservation early!

With reservations, you will be seated inside, but there is also an extensive and very festive outside seating area that appears to be first come first served. (And seasonal....) When we arrived at 8:55 pm, the line was very long and the entire outdoor area was packed; when we left at 11 pm, the line was STILL long and the outdoor area STILL packed, so that should tell you something!

We started our dining experience with table-side-fresh-made guacamole which is served with fresh-made chips, and traditional margaritas. Our server, Ricardo, was excellent, and our guac came out quick. The person prepping it ground all the ingredients together right in front of us in a stone mortar. I love it when they do that! And it was very tasty, seasoned well, and a good portion size for sharing (though we had to ask for more chips).

We then ordered mains off the list of house specialties. I had the Pulpo A La Diabla, which was a grilled octopus tentacle served with picked veggies, slices of orange and a tangy, slightly spicy tomato-based sauce. It was amazing! Ricardo let me know when I ordered it that it was a smaller portion size, and that was perfect for me because I planned to have dessert and at least one more margarita....

My friend had the Pipian Poblano, which was actually a chicken dish with a large piece of chicken served over a bed of mole verde risotto. Ricardo told us this was a larger portion size and he was right - it was huge! And very tasty, with great depth of flavors. My friend loved it and almost licked the bowl. 

Everything was served with three house-made sauces - a very spicy but delicious habanero sauce, a green tomatillo salsa and a red (sweeter) chipotle-ish sauce. We ate these with the chips and also added them to our dishes. 

During our dinner we ordered another round of drinks - another traditional for my friend, but I branched out to try the Fuego Sandia, made with St. Germaine (my fave) and what tasted like watermelon juice. It was served with a skewer of watermelon and Ricardo described the drink as 'sweet'. He was right again!  And I probably would not order that again....not that it wasn't tasty, but I do prefer drinks with a little more balance.

By the time all of that was cleared, we, sadly, (very sadly) had no room for dessert. But we really enjoyed everything about the experience. All around us people were celebrating events and birthdays, there were couples and groups dining together, and the atmosphere was hip and a little fancy, but also comfortable and eclectic. I highly recommend this place!笑
Great place to hang out in the summer! The patio is beautifully decored with tasteful furnishing. Perfect atmosphere for a date, or just a drink with your coworkers after a long day of work, or just to relax and enjoy the warmth of sunshine on the roof of your head.

Of course, for a beautiful hang-out spot in the middle of a touristy spot within an expensive destination like Toronto,  the price point was aimed a little higher for what they have to offer. I understand Tappas are small food items.. but each appetizer dish  averages at around 12-20$ per plate.

Tuna ceviche: The first time having ceviche after coming back from Mexico, I was rather dissapointed. The ceviche in my memory was slimy and saucy while the Tuna ceviche here is mixed with watermelon bits and basil. I like fusion food and all but this completely twists the original flavour.

Hand made guac: because they mash it infront of you instead of the kitchen, they charge your 12$ per order......

Lamb rack:  This was the only dish I was really impressed with. But then again lamb taste good anyway even if you simply grill with salt....

My expectation rise as the price increase.. Don't take me wrong the food is good, but if you want the money to be worthwhile on food rather than on location and atmosphere, it could be better spent elsewhere.笑
There are only a few number of meats in the menu and the portions are realy small for a mexican restaurant. Prices are also too high gor the taste. Margarita and starters with guacamalo were fine. I think the only reason for people waiting for nearly one and half hour on the line is the ambience.笑
El Catrin is a really hyped up restaurant, and I can see why. The location is great, which right in the distillery district, and I feel they have one of the most beautifully decorated restaurants I've seen. You enter through a walkway that has lights hanging from the ceiling, followed by either an outdoor patio seating with a huge centrally positioned bonfire or a unique luminous lighted indoor seating. The service was prompt and professional.
We arrived at 2pm and luckily immediately got a table, however it was boiling hot and our table was right by the fire, which made it quite uncomfortable. We noticed that at every table people were snacking on tortilla chips with fresh guacamole (which they make table side!), so I assumed they would be on the house. But actually the chips costed $12! In my opinion I think it was the way in which the waiter offered the chips, in a way that they assumed that you will definitely want them, which then makes people naturally order/accept the offer. 
I did notice too that the prices were pretty high compared to other Mexican restaurants I've been to, but I guess that's what you should expect for such a touristy place.
We were starving and the food did take a bit of time.
We got the El Catrin 'huge' salad and the Huevos Rancheros. The salad was not 'huge' as they stated, but it was good, not amazing, but good. The Huevos Rancheros was not what I expected though, as it was tiny!! I realized that most of their options were actually pretty tiny, including their burritos, which I at first assumed would be like a Chipotle burrito but actually was half the size. 
   They do have a great selection of authentic Mexican cocktails and desserts, which I may think of trying some other time, but not then as we had our minds set on something else near bye for dessert.

El Catrin is a good place to experience once in your life. If you are willing to spend a bit extra then you will leave the restaurant satisfied and full.
Overall, a very trendy and unique restaurant with good tasting food and great service, but pricier than your usual Mexican eateries.笑
The night we went to El Catrin was really not the best opportunity for it to shine, but it still impressed us.  It was an overcast, breezy Tuesday night and sitting outside was really not what we had in mind.  Walking into the outdoor seating area of El Catrin changed all that: the heaters and large centerpiece fire pit were blazing and the waitresses were in tank tops!  We gladly took a seat outside as many other diners had opted to do and were happy we did.  (I can't speak to the interior atmosphere because I somehow managed to not set foot inside).

Drink:
They do classic and specialty margaritas that are available by the glass of pitcher and both options are reasonably priced.  They also have several beers and wines if that's more your style.  

Food:
If you like guacamole, give theirs a try,  They actually make it at your table in a huge mortar and pestle.  Pretty fun!  

Their food is ideal for sharing with a group.  Tacos come in groups of three and most other things are similar sharing portions. There are about 12 different types of tacos to choose from and they all sounded great!  Their Baja (fish) taco was a hit with my group.

The atmosphere:
I walked by this place when I was last in Toronto and added it to my must-eat list.  I was strolling through the Christmas market and loved the full patio despite the cold temperatures.  If you happen to be under-dressed, they also have blankets to throw over yourself, though the heaters do a great job of keeping the temperature comfortable.  

I'm assuming our server was new, as she wasn't that well-versed in the menu.  She also had the worst timing ever; it managed to be more entertaining than annoying in the end but she still needs some work.  

The food, drink and atmosphere are still enough to make we want to go back.  Next time, I may go with a bigger group so we can order up even more variety.笑
I love El Catrin! Nestled in the heart of the Distillery District, El Catrin brings a trendy classy flare to upscale modern Mexican food.  It's very hard to find authentic Mexican food in T.O. coming from the states I feel like I am very picky wavering between my want for texmex or authentic Mexican, this is a good compromise. My friend and I found a table on a Thursday night and tried their specialty margarita cocktails and house made at table guac. Could you get any better? Probably not. We also split the esquites and a couple tacos. The layout of the restaurant is great, though the acoustics make it very loud. The place is very clean, and the service is so helpful and friendly. We had a great time chatting with our waiter our options as he made many good suggestions. I would have dressed up a bit more not knowing it was sort of business attire after work hours.笑
We decided to give them another shot for my wife's birthday. What can I say. They have learned from their mistakes. 

The menu was more simplistic and the waitresses new what to recommend to me when I asked and just as always the food was great. 

This time will ensure I go back again and again. They were accommodating. Friendly and just on point. 

A great night out!笑
In love with this place! Really great place for drinks on the patio and food to share on a nice summer day. 

The patio is really nice as is the indoor part of the restaurant and they play great music! Situated in the distillery district, a nice walk following dinner is in line. The menu is set up as dishes to share between friends, so you get to try a bit of multiple dishes. 

The service is great. If you don't know what to get, just ask your server and they usually have a ton to say. 

Its a little pricy but if you split a few dishes with people, its not too bad. 

Verdict: Great place for summer hang outs and drinks with the girls!笑
I'm writing this review after my final visit. Let's just get it out of the way- the decor is vibrant and fun, yay. Having a great space and colorful atmosphere can only take you so far. It can't make up for moody staff and poor service. By tapas standards, the food overpriced for the quality and quantity you get, the service is lacking and it feels very much like a tourist trap. The cocktails aren't memorable and the food is utterly average. 

More often than not, the hostesses were unfriendly and indifferent. The only thing I find consistent about this place is the service  (awful and non-existent). Our server seemed to have too many tables as it took her forever to take our orders and she never checked in on us. Got off to a bad start- my glass was dirty and it took about 10 minutes to get the attention of any server to get a clean glass. Getting our orders in was equally painful. 

The plating of tacos was sloppy as some tacos from the same dish had 50% less meat than others- made for awkward sharing. There were a few dishes here and there that were lukewarm-cold. After sharing many small plates, my party was underwhelmed and running out of patience as there was absolutely no service. Near the end of our stay, we were looking forward to the churros but when they came they were dried out and cool to the touch. Even the sauces that came with the churros couldn't salvage these cold, chewy, doughy sticks. The table next to us got the same thing and we heard them exclaim that they were piping hot. We were too unhappy to bother begging for service from any server, let alone hunt down our server- at this point we asked for the bill which was another huge delay because our orders were entered incorrectly. There was no apology or sense of urgency to fix this. From reading the reviews here, I feel like the reaction from management is reactive. Makes you wonder if anything is even being done in-house to improve based on client feedback? 

I've been here enough times and this place has gone way downhill every year since our first visit in March 2014. I can't think of a reason to return.笑
The patio is gorgeous and quite busy on the weekend. The service was pleasant. The prices were on the more expensive side for what it is but that's typical for the Distillery. The food was only okay. The guacamole needed more zest and it was quite expensive for the quantity you are given (don't be fooled by the giant dish it's served in). The tacos (baja and gobernador) were nothing to write home about. I was really expecting more flavour but it wasn't there. The watermelon margarita was quite good and this place would be a nice spot for drinks in the summer.笑
Ah-mazing. 

This place is super delectable. I have now been twice. The first time I had made a reservation on opentable for me and fiancee. When we got there, they told me they didn't have a reservation for us and asked for my confirmation. Well, I am an idiot. I had made the reservation for 3 days from then... They told me they were completely booked, but could sit us at a high-top. OK! We were seated immediately and it was perfect! Servers were extremely attentive, drinks were tasty (though a tad pricey), guac was freshly made right in front of us, and food was top notch.

We each ordered one of the fruit-flavored margaritas. They tasted identical even though they did have chunks of fresh fruit in them. They were both still good though. We ordered guac and it was made right in front of us. It was super tasty. It came with a little bucket of chips, which you can get more if you ask. We ordered an order of tacos (3 tacos) and mini chicken burritos (4 minis). Both were quite delicious. The tacos were a bit more filling than the burritos, but both were quite good. 

The next time I came, I was with a group of 4 others. We had made a phone reservation and were seated right away. We ordered a large guac, and again it was delicious. We also ordered a pitcher of margaritas, which were served in a big pitcher. Some of the people at the table ordered doubles (double grey goose and soda) they were quite happy with the cost of these drinks as they were only $12 per drink. 

I ordered the baja tacos and they were super flavorful. Fish was crispy and the slaw topping was so good. It was quite filling. I would have liked if they allowed you to pick more than one taco with an order, but they make you pick all the same. It is great if you are with close friends/ significant other and can mix and match, but with a group of co-workers, it's not the best...

We had a great bartender/server who was extremely friendly and attentive. I would definitely go back with a group of my friends if I got the chance!笑
Amazing food and atmosphere.  Lets start with the place itself, it puts you in a different mood like you are on vacation in Mexico.  I sat on the outside patio that was heated and had a big bonfire going.  The patio is just too cute.  
  The food was amazing, we chose the chefs 7 course menu a must do.  Each course was great and unique.  My favorite was the hot corn salad had a ton of chipolte flavor.  The margaritas were also super fresh tasting, we got the blackberry pitcher.  The fresh churros for dessert were amazing and had a great caramel sauce to dip in.笑
Visited for the second time - love the space and the margaritas!  That said, was underwhelmed by the food and portions (specifically the ceviche, quinoa salad & vegetarian burritos) and the DJ (who was good) had the music cranked up to level 10 at 10pm on a Friday night.  Also, the corn on the cob took 45 minutes to arrive and did so after our mains.笑
Love this place! The atmosphere is amazing, great service and the dishes are amazing!!! I've gone about 2-3 times now and every single time it gets better and better. All the dishes I've tried at this place have been amazing but the one dish I keep going back for is the baja fish tacos and the guac! Must try to fish tacos!!! I also want to emphasize that the staff here is amazing! Very polite and friendly!笑
The food is ok. The atmosphere is nice. Awesome patio in the summer. But the staff makes you feel like they're being forced to do you a favour by serving you. I'd recommend it for drinks.笑
Best vibe for going out with a group. Food is a little pricey but it's incredibly delicious and the atmosphere and drinks is worth it. Try the corn appetizer and every single taco.笑
One word: Margaritas

This is my favorite place to do some afternoon drinking in the sun. They have an awesome outdoor patio and the best margaritas I've had in Toronto thus far. The guacamole (the spicy version) is really good. Not too spicy and has good flavor. Everyone that I have taken here agrees that the drinks are awesome.

I have not eaten a full meal here, so I can't really comment too much on the food. We shared the chicken tacos last time I was there and they were pretty good. The food seems like it's made with fresh ingredients and is nicely spiced. 

It's a popular place so there can be a long wait --try to go before or after the rush so you don't have to wait long.笑
Great atmosphere with an awesome patio to hang out with friends, located in the distillery district, prepare to wait for a while and it's quite pricy but you pay for the atmosphere, there is a really nice high ceiling bar attached to the place

It's not authentic Mexican food but it's decent, mojitos were a bit watered down, too much ice so don't get the pitcher of mojito笑
Great location, decor and service, but food is 1/5:

We ordered 5 Baja tacos and 5 Cochinita Pibil tacos, as well as a double mojito. This was my first time at the restaurant. 

Our server, Stephani, was excellent. I was also very impressed with the decor. However, I was not impressed by the food, especially given the high price. The Baja tacos were flavorful but the use of a flour tortilla rather than a corn tortilla took away from the experience. I think you would struggle to find a taquiera that uses flour tortillas with fish tacos, as these are usually reserved for grilled meat fillings. The Yucatan Cochinita Pibil was very dry on the inside, but the whole taco was unreasonably wet with juices. I was disappointed to see the use of one rather than two corn tortillas per taco, as is the practice amongst some taquieras, depending on the consistency of the filling. At over $5.00 per taco, I was expecting much better food. I understand that part of the draw is the location, decor, and outdoor heated patio, but I would have a tough time believing that any Mexican would dine at your restaurant for the tacos. 

I have been to taquieras in Tijuana, Mexico and California that served cheap and more satisfying tacos than the ones I had tonight.

The double mojito was great, no complaints. It was $14.00 but I didn't think that was as unreasonable as the price of the tacos.

Perhaps I missed something better on the menu. I would be amendable to giving your restaurant a second chance, but based on this experience, I have a tough time justifying it or recommending it to friends or colleagues.

The total bill came to $63.17. This would buy about 20 tacos, plus drinks, at somewhere like El Trompo in Kensington Market (run by a Mexican family). If that is a little too no-frills to make a comparison, take La Carnita's tacos, for example. Although their tacos are not what one may call authentic, they taste a whole lot better than yours at a slightly reduced price.

I know that Olivier La Calvez is a highly trained chef, but totally missed the mark on these tacos. I can't believe he would put his name to them.

I haven't been this upset about a restaurant experience in ages, and I am certainly not a picky customer. It is not a good feeling when you feel like your money went to the decor, rather than quality food.笑
The decor is the only commendable happening in this establishment! A hokey "Mexican" breakfast of three cold fried eggs on soggy 'pancakes' and a side of
Cilantro-heavy guacamole for $51 plus for a couple, including a 1/3 of a child's
Bowl of slopped at the table 'guacamole', would have Montezuma very upset for giving his national cuisine a very bad rap indeed!!!
The servers are well trained at foisting the 'guacamole' (well disguised) in the shabby excuse for a menu, in a way for the unsuspecting patrons to mistakenly assume is complimentary finger food as in more up and up restaurants!笑
An awesome Mexican restaurant with an extensive menu, outdoor seating and guac made fresh on the spot (actually right in front of you)! Well-suited decor given its location too.笑
The food is a bit pricey. The ambience is great ! Not as loud as other Mexican restaurants. The food was mediocre. Service was great! Not too busy on a Thursday night. The margaritas were the best thing that we had there.笑
Of the three restaurants we've tried in the distillery, this is the best. We arrived a bit on the early side for dinner, because we knew there would be a line-up for the patio. We were seated pretty quickly and overall service was attentive and friendly. We shared the tacos. Delicious.笑
This restaurant came out of nowhere as a recommendation from a friend; and, after working for years in California and eating amazing Mexican food, I never expected to find something comparable in Canada. 

The restaurant is located in the former Boiler House of the Gooderham and Worts Distillery, a Whiskey distillery from Toronto's Victorian era. When you first walk in you'll see a huge mural along the back wall. This mural took three Mexican artists almost 100 days to paint.

The restaurant's head chef (Olivier Le Calvez) comes directly from Mexico City; he was stolen away and brought to Canada for his prowess in Mexican cuisine served with European flair. He was named one of the Top 10 chefs in Mexico by Buena Mesa Magazine, a Spanish language foodie publication.

The menu offers tapas style dishes with a twist (and you can add crickets to your guacamole).

During our "girl's night," my friends and I couldn't decide what we wanted to eat and opted for the 7-course tasting menu. This is an incredible amount of food... but gives you a robust sampling of the menu! And, even between three people, by the end of the evening none of us could move or finish what was on the table.

They can accommodate gluten free and just about any food allergy except probably corn (though the flour tortillas are house made... so maybe).笑
Decent menu albeit a little pricey.  Service was lax, messed up my salad order and then offered up a wine list but never came back for the order.  Food is tasty but they promote their top 10 Mexican chef and the product doesn't live up to the billing. Doubt we will be back.笑
Did the tasting menu for dinner and HOLY SMOKES it is ALOT of food.  2 ceviche's, salads, tacos x 2, churros, it felt like it was a continuous stream of food.  The chicken mole taco was actually quite delicious,. I just wish I had more room and appetite to enjoy it.

The tortilla chips are quite thick which takes a little getting used to. but they are not greasy and stand up well to the various ceviches.  I have tried swordfish and tuna, both were very tasty and although surprisingly small looking are very satisfying.  The vibe in here is great.  the drinks are delicious.  Make reservations or you will be waiting quite a while for a table!笑
Went on a Saturday afternoon. It was pretty cold and windy out so the normally lively Distillery District was dead. As soon as we came in we got amused by the interior decorations! Amazing!

The place was packed so we had to sit by the bar.
Only thing I didn't like was the service. These guys think that being nice to you it's all what matters. We asked to bring the menus and the guy only brought one for my bf -which I found sexist- lol 

We ordered some drinks, Guacamole with crab and some Tacos. Seriously, if you run a Mexican/Spanish restaurant make sure your employees at least understand the names in the menu. 

By the end, the total was 100 bucks. 

I will come again because the food is great but don't expect much from the service lol笑
Basic, bland, misleading, dried out are just a few words to you can use to describe the food. I do not recommend eating here. 

That being said the atmosphere and design are great, nothing like it very cool spot. 

Also, cocktails are decent.笑
Delicious food and drinks but service really realky slow. Waiter was nice enough but food arrived in a random order. One main course first then about 30 min later a starter and the otger main course.  If you have patience.  It is worth it.笑
I have never written a Yelp review before but my experience at El Catrin last night has inspired me to do so.  Having a restaurant in The Distillery is an honour and I believe they should be held to a much higher standard of service.

CONS
Here's the short version:
- My water glass had lipstick all around the rim (server kindly replaced, no issue)
- My two friends discovered that their glasses were also dirty and when the server brought my fresh glass they informed him, and he inspected them as if to challenge that the glasses were actually dirty (trust me, they were!)
- My food arrived 10 minutes earlier than my friend's food so I held off eating while my food cooled off
- As they got their food I pulled a hair out of my risotto
- When I told the server he challenged me about it, asking where the hair was on the plate and I had to explain that I pulled it out and it was brown (my hair blonde)
- I asked the server to tell the kitchen about the hair because I believed they should be aware of what they're serving
- Proceeded to eat the meal because the food was still good
- Server came back to the table later on and explained that I wouldn't be charged for my food but then made me feel ashamed about the whole thing by saying "I'm surprised you ate it if there was a hair in it"
- It took about 45 minutes for us to get our bills in the end.  It was so long that it had become comical to us because the server kept looking at us and then he'd walk away
Ps. We heard the table next to us get an apology from the manager for something that happened. I think it was just a bad night for this place.

PROS (to be fair)
- My friends enjoyed their mixed drinks (I had a beer, a classic refreshing beer)
- Everyone really enjoyed their food! That's probably the most disappointing thing about the experience, that I had to give a negative review and the food and drinks were good.笑
The food is not bad but totally not worth the price.  We spent $40+ per person at this restaurant and have to go somewhere else to make us "full". Now I don't mind the price being a little high but at least fill up our stomachs. Like how much does it cost to throw an extra taco in a $20 plate of mini tacos that you can finish in one bite?

FYI the $40+ does not even include any alcohol.笑
I'll start and probably end by saying that the food is outstanding. We came for the Christmas market and were semi-disappointed with the event, so were very pleased when the food could cheer us up. Sooooo happy I booked on Open Table, seemed pretty busy when walking up, but they were able to accommodate us 40 minutes early. 

We had some cocktails...Patti had a few mojitos which she seemed to like! I had a Watermelon Fire, which was alright, not sure i finished it.

The apps were pretty good, i had the tuna tostadas....which i could eat 46 orders of (so, that would be 92 since they come in orders of 2), and the crab fritters looked pretty tasty across the table from me. The fresh tableside guac was amazing!

For mains, i had the 7oz flatiron steak that was outstanding. I saw a scallops main that was on a bed of roasted corn that looked really good too.
So I've got no problems with the food.

But my -2 stars come from the service (very slow, forgot 2 things after not writing things down, didn't refill water all the way through the main course). The food is good enough that I would return, and I'll give them semi-benefit of the doubt because it was Christmas Market....but it really wasn't that busy inside. Again, i'll give them some leeway and will return in the summer when i can sit on the patio.笑
Honestly, ever since this place opened, I kept hearing how bad it was and what a tourist trap it was. Then over the last few weeks, I kept hearing and reading contradicting reviews and then, I decided to take the plunge. So, Sunday May 8, at 5 pm, I went there for dinner.
First the weather was crappy  and we sat inside. However, we had a reservation, so we would have probably been inside anyways as this patio would already be full if the weather were great. Now, the interior is marvelous and a great example of the "old meets new``style characteristic  that is found in most businesses of the Distillery District.
The food is serious business. Delicious and authentic, while creative. Perhaps is it the lack of pretentious hipsters that make some say it's a tourist trap? Hmmm....
Anyways, this is the type of place where the fun is to share. The menu is huge and varied. My dining companion and I shared Tuna ceviche ($10.00), delicious and delicate, a perfect harmony of tastes: great fish, citrus, cilantro. a winner. The chicken burritos(10.00) were good, but very ordinary compared to the wonderful fish tacos(15.00)which consisted of crispy fried haddock,chipotle lime coleslaw presented on a flour tortilla. Refreshing and robust at the same time. Those fish tacos alone are a  good reason to visit El Catrin. The costilla corta(15.00) is also a great dish, combining different flavours in perfect harmony: 24 hour braised beef short rib, almond mole, sweet potato purée and sautéed sugar snap peas. Lipsmacking! My Mexican friends believe the dessert we had to be a total heresy. I personally think that the tacos dulces(7.00), while truly unauthentic, were authentically delicious and everything a dessert should be: light, satisfying, refreshing, sweet and with just a hint of saltiness. Think about it:  a banana fritter, dulce de leche, crushed salted peanuts, chocolate and strawberry sauce on a corn tortilla. I could have gone for seconds!
But one thing I just love about El Catrin is their strength behind the bar. Although they have wine and beer, cocktails are the way to go here.  They also have an amazing selection of tequilas. If, like myself, you are new to the Mexican firewater, this is a great place to get an education. The cocktail I had( or shall I say the 2 cocktails I had, $12.00 each) was a Mayahuel.  Milagro Reposado tequila mixed with Jagermeister ,  agave nectar,  fresh lemon juice  and what gives the whole drink its zing: ginger beer. Truly addictive.
The service was professional and very friendly. Our server really knew the menu well and gave good advice in terms of drink/food pairings. We never felt pressured and had a leisurely time. The noise level, while rather high, is not at all disturbing as the place is big enough and you can hear your dining companions talk. And that is the whole point of going out for dinner with people, isn't it?
So, we had a great time and at $116.39 for 2 before tip, the price is not more expensive or cheaper than a lot of other restaurants with inferior offerings and a boring atmosphere. And we were definitely full at the end of the meal.

So, for great food, great drinks in a gorgeous setting, go to El Catrin. You will have a great time!笑
I think they hide the entrance doors on purpose so that you can wander around the outside space looking for the entrance and enjoy the eclectic hanging lights and other decor which I'm sure are even more gorgeous when it's not January. 

The inside is also beautiful and a feast for your eyes. From massive floor to ceiling wall of liqueur and the dimensional wall art, it's a casual, hip and luxurious space. 

The food was very good. Highly recommend the shrip and lobster tacos which were smaller and a great portion for a light lunch.笑
Loved this place!!!

Went last weekend for my friend's birthday (she found the place and thought it would be nice to try something different) and had a really good time! Our waitress was really nice and helped us with the menu. Since there was three of us, she recommended we get three orders of tacos and try one of each (BEST IDEA!!! Do this if you're new to the place!). I LOVED the chicken tacos but the fish and shrimp/lobster tacos are good as well. My friends had their own favourites.

For dessert, the churros were really good and the sauces they come with (chocolate, strawberry, and caramel) made them so much better! Since it was my friend's birthday, they brought out a plate of churros for free with a candle and "Happy Birthday" written in chocolate sauce. A really nice touch, especially because we didn't ask for it in advance. 

The only reason this place doesn't get five stars from me is because it is really packed. Yes, it was a saturday night and people didn't want to sit outside (on and off rain) BUT the seats are close together so it take a minute to get used to. Plus, there were a couple of times when I felt like people were eavesdropping in on our conversation due to the close proximity. 

Other than that, I had a great time and would definitely come again!笑
Nice decor, patio was comfortable even in cool weather, due to heaters. But, food was unimpressive, mediocre in quality and not worth the money. 
Our server was pleasant and made right for the cold food, but the other servers who delivered the food seemed bothered by our concerns. 
Overall, I won't recommend.笑
I love this place. The decor is fantastic, the atmosphere is great , the food is really good. They make fresh guacamole right next to you.笑
First stepped in, the decoration and atmosphere was great. The colourful paintings on the wall, lit up with a purple light. Definitely some very cool interior design happening, matches the vibe of the restaurant and the type of food served. The service was excellent. The wait staff would come check up to make sure everything was good, water glasses were filled without being asked.

Tapa style Mexican food, everything is designed for sharing. The guacamole was served fresh table side, with the server pounding on a stone mortar and pestle. The scallops were amazing, a must try ! They were seared perfectly and the flavour of the corn was just right, it was spicy but not too strong to overpower the natural taste of the scallops. The rest of the food ordered were average and not too special. The pastor taco had a charcoal flavour to the meat which overpowered everything else. A bit on the dry side, was expecting some sweet pineapple to balance out the meat but couldn't taste it at all.

Overall, would come here again for the atmosphere. Would like to sit outside near the big fire pit on a warm night. More towards 3.5 stars for El Catrin.笑
New - North American Mexican food...  Good service working out the kinks...  Food was very good, great seasoning and menu was unique...笑
As a Southern California native, I had my doubts.   El Catrin is awesome!   Not only the best Mexican food in the area but the best that I've had for quite a while.   I had their carne asada which was absolutely perfect!  I also had their ceviche and a spicy bloody mary to round it all out.   I asked for some hotter salsa -- be careful! -- that stuff is absolutely super spicy hot!笑
Beautiful decor and atmosphere. Best margaritas! MAYAN was my fav! We tried many different small dishes and I really like shrimps, fish tacos and tuna. Great service!笑
I love El Catrin! It's one of my favourite restaurants in the City, amazing patio and wonderful food, including delicious pitchers of margaritas. I will add that the service is a bit slow, but I think this is part of the experience - you'll want to hang out here forever. Perfect for a nice dinner with friends or even just for drinks.笑
Shredded dry as a bone cabbage does not a coleslaw make. Barely a sprig of cilantro and a plop of chipotle sauce made my tacos a tasteless torment. I have enjoyed delicious fish tacos in numerous restaurants...this was not one of them.笑
ABSOLUTELY love this place. I could race on about how much I love El Catrin but I'll keep it short.

This restaurant is the perfect place for the beginning of a fun night out on the town. The atmosphere and food are incredible and truly create a fine dining experience made for all the enjoy. Great place for a small group to enjoy and share in laughter and food.

The only thing I have to warn is the menu is a little pricey so make it a night to treat yourself.

Honestly, this is one of the top restaurants I would recommend in Toronto.笑
It's funny...since I became a yelp user all I can really think about when eating out nowadays is what words will fill this box after I've stuffed my face in all its entirety  (is this the curse of a new user ....orrrr are we all guilty?!) After leaving El Catrin for the first time the other night, I couldn't wait to get on here and rant and rave about the crazy awesome decor (seriously, so cool), the can't-get-any-fresher-than-that guacamole (they literally make it at your table) and the refreshingly great service. Our waiter was friendly and knowledable..he sent us complimentary tequila which happens to be my worst enemy so I had to pawn mine off but I appreciated the gesture nonetheless.

We ordered a fair bit of food for just the two of us... everything sounded good so it was hard to make a decision. There's also an option to do a 7 or 9 course tasting menu which I opted out of this time around but thought was pretty cool... The food took kinda long, however, they do a pretty decent job of spacing out the dishes so you don't notice too much. There were a few times I thought that some of the dishes I ordered would have tasted better if they were served to my table at the same time (I. E. The charred corn would have been awesome on the pulled pork tacos) but hey...it all tasted great. The only thing I could have done without was the pineapple whatever it was on top of the 'ceviche Pacifica' but nothing a spoon couldn't fix...

So fast forward to the end-ish of the meal... I was starting to feel super nauseous waiting on dessert (also tapas style...maybe a bit expensive for what you actually get) but I attributed it to the lingering smell of tequila from the complimentary shots that still sat on the table. Fast forward some more... my friend and I are walking back to the car.. I felt weird. Dizzy. Nauseous. Did I have to throw up? Fast forward about 15 minutes more and there I was... puking my lungs out (seriously. W.t.f.) ...for a solid 15 minutes... on the good old sidewalk. I saw everything...the pork. The crab cakes. The panacotta..... I didn't stand a chance.
And no, I wasn't drunk. Maybe I ate too much? But if I threw up from every time I ate too much, I may as well never eat.

Anyway. I was fine after all of the foods left my body. It wasn't like a whole night sickness or anything.... still don't know w.t.f. that was though................. I'd consider going back. Haha.笑
Fish tacos and the gobernador are the best tacos to get (although the Gobernador doesn't live up to Seven Lives' version in Kensington Market). 

Mahi Mahi ceviche is the best one on the list, in my opinion! 

Don't bother with the steak - opt for the short rib instead....delish!笑
Excellent vibe, good service (at the bar). Drinks to make you order more and drink more! The bartender have good recommendations despite the busy evening. Food was average and not enough for a meal by itself. Would recommend just for the vibe and drinks and service!笑
Love this place! The food is tapas-style-fancy-Mexican, which is extremely delicious! It is located in a busy Distillery District - on the summer weekends there is always a lineup to the patio - but don't fret! They serve you drinks while you wait, so it makes the wait less tiresome! 

And the drinks at this place are to die for! Plus they're enormous and pretty strong! 
Guac freshly made for you right at your table - always a bonus.
 
Love the service, the food, the atmosphere and the location - this place gets all 5 stars from me!笑
#FoodFail. 

I love Mexican food and delighted that Toronto has so many great options now, but sadly El Catrin isn't one of them. I really wanted to love it, or at least like it, but course after course in our tasting menu disappointed. I think we left more food on the plate than we ended up consuming. Sad. It was made less bad by our fantastic server who was attentive, observant and did her best to course correct our meal, but sadly you just can't compensate for lackluster food. See below for an item by item review.

Appetizers: 
5/5 stars: GUACAMOLE EN LA MESA - Avocado, tomato, onion, cilantro, serrano chili

     Fantastic. Great taste, great portion size, great presentation.

4/5 stars: ESQUÍTES - Charred corn off the cob, epazote, chipotle aioli, lime

     Tasty. Served in shot glasses with small spoons.

0/5 stars: ENSALADA DE KIKO - Quinoa, tomato, cucumber, avocado, queso fresco, cilantro, smoked corn aioli. 

     Horribly boring and gratuitous filler. I'm not even sure why this is on the menu or how it can be on the tasting menu to showcase the best this restaurant has to offer. Although perhaps that decision represents why El Catrin isn't great.

3/5 stars: ATUN - Ahi tuna, watermelon, Yucateco mignonette, lime, chive. 

     Meh. It simply didn't pop. It may have been the marinade time, the freshness of the fish or the lack of lime juice. Either way, it isn't worth it.

Tacos:
2/5 stars: PASTOR - Marinated shaved pork, pineapple, red onion dice, cilantro. 

     The meat wasn't shaved it was in small pieces and the texture was somewhat rubbery. The flavor wasn't great either. I had 2 and left both on the table.

2/5 stars: BAJA - Crispy fried cod, beer batter, chipotle lime coleslaw, flour tortilla, chipotle sauce. 

     Bland and a bit too much batter to fish in the ratio. 

Specialties:
3/5 stars: COSTILLA CORTA - 24 hour braised short rib, Oaxacan mole negro, plantain puree, chayote squash. 

     Great cook on the short ribs, but I just didn't enjoy the intensity of the flavor mixed with the side veg.

Dessert:
2/5 stars: TRES LECHES - Vanilla sponge cake soaked in three milk syrup. 

     So damn dry. You can't have cake that is 'soaked' be dry unless it has been sitting for too long. It just doesn't add up. Tres Leches needs to be moist. Again, this dessert was left on the plate.

Drinks:
5/5 stars: REPOSADO MARGARITA pitchers - Milagro Reposado, Grand Marnier, agave nectar, citrus.

     Fantastic.笑
El Catrin's patio is one of the nicest patios in the city! There's tons of seating, but there's still going to be a lineup. 

I came for lunch on a Sunday afternoon around 1pm, and I had a 5 minute wait, but when I left, the lineup was quite long!

We had the baja fish tacos and the pollo burrito and both were great! I'm looking forward to coming back and dining inside the restaurant.笑
Service is atrocious. The baja taco was the best thing we tried.  The server actually debated with us and lauhed at us when we told her grand electric was thos cities best mexican. Customer service and not acting like a spoiled brat goes a long way. This was nothing special.
 And honestly really stuckup service will leave a lasting impression. 

Haha joke is on you. Grand electric has my return business ten fold.笑
Looking at the reviews, this place is either a hit or a miss for everyone. Sadly, it was a miss for me.

One star for the service, one and a half star for the decor and ambience, and half a star for the food.

We ordered the guac for the table, a mojito, and I had the pollo burrito, and gobernator to share with my boyfriend. 

The guac was too sour for my taste and the mojito was extremely sweet. 

I think I was the most disappointed about the burrito. For me, a burrito is a very wholesome meal. When you sink your teeth into a well made burrito, you should have a very satisfied feeling from the combination of all the ingredients. I did not get that with this burrito. However, the chicken in it was pretty good.

Lastly, the lobster taco. I liked this one out of everything. The combination of shrimp and lobster with the sauce surprised me. This earned my half star.

Overall, I'm a little disappointed since I've been looking forward to a Mexican restaurant.笑
Went here Saturday night during the Christmas Market.  We called to ask about reservations a week before, but they said they weren't taking any.  So when we arrived, we were warned the line up was going to be 1.5 hours to get in to the restaurant - and it was.
This is an amazing place for decor and the inside was definitely worth checking out!  I'd go here for something fancy or to celebrate a special occasion.
However, the food wasn't as good as it looked.  It was more about the experience of the atmosphere - amazing displays, decoration, dim lights, and loud music.
The waiter explained that portion sizes of the food are small because they are shareables.  It was good advice.
We ordered a grande guacamole and individual items that we shared with one another.
It started off positively with the guacamole.  The fact that it's made fresh in front of you is a nice form of presentation.
However, the actual items we ordered were subpar.  I've had much better Mexican food elsewhere.  The menu showcases a lot of interesting things, but when I started eating most of the things I felt like there was too much going on.
I ordered the Pescado en mole blanco which was grilled mahi mahi fish, black squid rice, and grilled pineapple.  It tasted very bland.  The fish was cooked well and I liked the black squid rice, but not together.
I also tried my friends' dishes which included Pollo burrito (aka a chicken burrito and probably the best thing I had there), baja tacos (too greasy), and Huarache albanil (weird after taste). 
Something to note is that it was supremely busy that night, but our waiter was very attentive.  Kudos to them for having such an excellent team!
Overall I most likely wouldn't come here again for food, but I was glad I tried it.笑
I waited until I'd dined twice to write a review because I wasn't "wowed" the first time. El Catrin is quite pricey for what you get. Over $100 for dinner for two and we only ordered 4 dishes (very small servings-tapa style) and 2 glasses of sangria. I think I find this expensive because there is a lot of good Mexican for much less available around the city. 

Pro's: gorgeous decor with beautiful, big black chandeliers and a Day of the Dead themed mural on the wall. Nice, big patio. Service was "meh" the first time and very good the second time. The sangria is very good and the smoked pork belly dish is so good! They also make allergies a little easier to navigate with indications of nuts, corn and wheat beside the dish on the menu. 

Con's: both times, the chips were stale. The guac is no better than I make at home. I had the crispy pork skin the first visit and it, too, tasted stale and had a very tough texture. Once you order, they have food to you FAST. As in within 5 minutes fast. I don't object to fast service but the speed indicates that much is pre-made and assembled on order - possibly why said chips and crispy pork tasted stale. I don't know what was wrong with the food runners the second time we were there but they kept bringing us the wrong dishes along with our own - we had to turn away at least 5 different dishes. Our poor server was very apologetic and proactively came and apologized for it. Very Expensive for Mexican. 
If you want fresher, tastier Mexican food, head to Kensington Market. Less ambience but easier on pocket book and more diverse people watching. 3 stars for El Catrin - not good enough to justify the cost but there are definitely some positive points to the place.笑
We had the guacamole, seafood burrito, taco Baja, burrito de pollo, and churros. Guacamole had fresh ingredients, chips were slightly salty, overall portions are small but the food is satisfying. The seafood burrito actually has a decent amount of lobster. The churros were fresh and tasty. Sangria was a good deal and tasted unique with brandy and white wine. Overall decent Mexican food but nothing mind blowing.

All that being said, there were certainly some elements of this restaurant that make it worthwhile for a return visit. Examples: the churros were outstanding, soft of the inside, just crunchy enough on the outside, and decent dipping sauces. In addition, what made their burritos uniquely tasty was the perfect ratio of the wrap and the filling. Yes, the burritos were smaller than your common Chipotle burrito.  If you want to stuff yourself with a ton of filling, go to Chipotle.  But if you want that balance of wrap and filling in every bite, El Catrin does it right!笑
The amazing decor does not make up for the fact that the food is terrible, I ordered the poblano tacos, and I received onion tacos, with a couple strings of poblano pepper, they were awful, my husband got the cochinita pibil tacos, and they were dry, and awful, I would not be returning, overpriced, overhyped, over it.笑
Stopped in for a few drinks on a Thursday night after visiting the lights festival in the distillery district. Walking around outside, the area was almost deserted but when we walked in this place was completely full and had such a fun and exciting atmosphere. The decor is super cool. We were lucky to find two spots at the bar for some drinks. I tried the horchata colada and another coconut water one. These were seriously some of the best cocktails I've ever had. My boyfriend tried a couple of the margaritas and felt the same! Our server was super nice and gave us some tortillas chips with two different dips which was a lovely touch. Cocktails were definitely pricey but worth it. Overall a super fun time and I definitely want to return to try the food!笑
Best Mexican food. Service is great as well. I will come back again anytime i am visiting Canada.笑
Regular guacamole:
They serve it to you in this big heavy stone bowl. Someone comes up and pounds it up for you at the table. It's guacamole so it isn't anything you can't get elsewhere but it was still very good!

Love boat: recommended
This was VERY delicious! Love the mildly sweet plantain with the tasty braised beef. With the sauce and vegetable toppings, it all came really nicely together. I do recommend everyone to give this a go.

Beet salad:
You'll have to check out the menu for all the vegetables other than beets in this dish. With the sauce and I believe it be some sort of cheese (?) on top, it had a very unique (in a good way) flavour to it. I found it refreshing.

Tacos:
Fish taco was good but plain. Really just a piece of deep fried fish with some assorted lettuce on top and sauce.
Pulled chicken taco was good. We got our sauce on the side and I can't really say what sauce it is. It is like a very light sour cream. Less sour, more creamy. 

The pulpo:
The octopus itself was very tender and not rubbery in any way. The only thing I disliked about this dish was the fact that vegetables were anyway little too sour and there's a spicy sauce on the side. It's quite spicy. If you're into sour and spicy food, then you may enjoy it. 

Regret: didn't get to try the churro :(笑
I came here with friends while the Christmas Market was going on. Although the atmosphere was great, the waiting times for ordering anything took forever. El Catrin has heaters outside during the winter, but the patio was still cold and there were no blankets available at all.

We ordered mulled wine and this really took a long time to get that we decided not to order food in the end, although we would have liked to if the service were better. The wine was served in a plastic cup which should not have taken so long. Definitely try the mulled wine if the line is not long!

The inside was only available to people with "reservations." Consider making a reservation during the Christmas Market season to avoid sitting outside in the cold.笑
My wife and I had a fantastic dinner. Everything was very delicious, and service was incredibly fast. We had the guac, trio de ceviche, queso frito, ensalada distelleria, pulled pork tacos, and huarache albañil, plus margaritas. (Way too much food for two people, by the way.) I would strongly recommend all of these dishes. Also, my wife has celiac disease, and as far as we can tell, everything was prepared safely.笑
What an unexpected surprise! One of my colleagues and I were in the area for a meeting before lunch. When it ended we decided to check out El Catrin because despite being mid November, it was warm and sunny and El Catrin's patio was open!  We could not resist.

From speaking with our waitress, this place is usually packed in the summer and especially on weekends.  I would definitely suggest this outdoor patio for a late summer lunch on a Thursday or Friday.  Aside from tables and bar seating, there are couch booths that would be really comfortable for a summer afternoon.

Anyways.... The FOOD.  It was great! We didn't go crazy, but the steak sandwich and the chips and guac were excellent.  Next time I will try from the list of tacos which looked very good, though I did find the prices to be a bit higher than I would have expected.

As for the drinks, my colleague and I each indulged in one cocktail.  I really liked the menu. Lots of cool and different drinks on the menu made from the expected suspects; tequila and mezcal. We will be back in the summer to sample further:)笑
Are you people kidding? This place is shit! We waited 1.5 hours for a table of 12. The food here isn't filling at all. It's more for a snacking. I didn't find the quality of the food to be all that at all. I would've been more satisfied eating at Taco Bell (sad right?). I feel like the only reason this place is as packed and rammed as it was is because LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION! I'd never go back here again for the food that's for sure.笑
Something about tacos and snow just doesn't work well together. This place is bumping during the Christmas market. I came with a group of 10 and we waited about 30 minutes to be seated in the outdoor patio (it's heated, but it's still quite cold so bundle up if you plan on going). It started to snow during the meal and without a roof over our heads all the snow landed on our tacos leaving them cold and soggy by the time we ate them. 

They have blankets for the tables outside, but we were all freezing and rushed to finish our meal so we could get out of there and find somewhere to warm up. 

Definitely not the best tacos I've had, their prices are on par with taco joints in the downtown core. The Baja fish taco was the only taco that was still hot when I ate it and it was quite good, but I wouldn't really recommend coming here during the winter, but I imagine it would be nice during the summer.笑
I think the place is cool and they've tried really hard with the decore, there's great ambience however being a vegetarian I didn't find that there were many options and the portions are way to tiny! The margaritas however were pretty good.笑
- Very nice place, extremely authentic decoration.(Tip, the inside is completely different from the patio so make sure you see both places before you choose where to be seated but both are veeery nice)
- We ordered a "gringa" and some other tacos and they were the most authentic I have tasted in Toronto so far, they don't have carnitas in case you were wondering, only the classic pulled pork you will find everywhere.
- The amount of food you get per plate is very small (I know it is supposed to be a "tapas" kind of bar but Tapas is Spanish NOT Mexican and you are still paying a huge amount of money for a small amount of good food.
- The menu has a lot of different options and covers a lot of different regions of Mexico so that's cool.
- The only downside is that it is very crowded so the service is really slow, people are willing to wait more than an hour standing outside in the line so keep that in mind.笑
I've been here a few times now and i'd say it's a solid 3.5

The place in terms of ambience is excellent. Great patio, great interior, it's hard to find restaurants spend like this in Toronto anymore, and for that alone, it's worth the visit.

In terms of food, they're doing a good job but it does seem modified to the mainstream. That's not a bad thing however - this is Toronto after all. I've tried most of their menu at this point, but i have to say that my favourite thing thus far was a huitlacoche rissotto they served with the fish of the day. While it didn't pair well with the bass, by itself i would absolutely order it. 

In terms of service, it's really hit or miss. I've had excellent service here, and terrible service on other occasions. I think it's a factor of how popular they are and the need to manage so many employees. A challenge to say the least.

In terms of price, it adds up because it is tapas style, but nothing out of the ordinary and definitely reflective of location and interior costs. 

Overall, i think it's a great place as a crowd pleaser for large groups or out of town guests. It's not a place i'd want to go to for Mexican food top and foremost, but definitely in the repertoire for Mexican food. At the end of the day, it's got the ambience down, which is most often the trade-off for solid Mexican food.笑
Atmosphere: 

very nice! beautiful lighting, gorgeous hand-painted mural (inside), fire pit (outside patio), overall unique to Toronto... they spent a lot of money recreating the old Boiler House, that's for sure.

Servers/Bartenders: 

based on our experience as a couple and later on eating with a group of friends, the servers and bartenders were very friendly and extremely well-trained and knowledgeable about the drinks and food. the staff we dealt with were very professional.

Cocktails:

really delicious. a great variety of cocktails available, along with beer and wine. we sampled a few cocktails, so no comment regarding the beer/wine choices.

HIBISCO ROSA: impressive, but a bit like drinking potpourri.
ZARZAMORA: blackberry cocktail with cilantro - delicious
FUEGO SANDIA-WATERMELON FIRE - delicious
LA PALOMA BRAVA: grapefruit/citrus, not sweet - refreshing
MOJITO BRASILIA: very nice.

Food:

this is where the restaurant failed to impress. the menu is hit-and-miss, and sometimes the pricing seems out of step with the product.

GUACAMOLE EN LA MESA: tortilla chips with guacamole which the server/runner pounds fresh at your table - depending on the server, your finished guacamole might be really nice or super chunky. we experienced both, and had to mash the second round with a fork to make up for the giant chunks the server had initially missed. fair price ($7)

CEVICHE DE ATÚN: tuna ceviche. nothing special. fair price ($8)

SOPES: one tiny pulled chicken tortilla. tasty but too pricy for only one mini tortilla ($7)

TACOS BAJA: definitely recommend this one. 3 small fish tacos made with battered and fried haddock, didn't mind paying $14 for the trio.

LECHON CRUJIENTE: was supposed to be crispy pork belly, but didn't quite live up to the 'crispy' description - tasty but not worth $12. you get 3 slices on a too-sweet lentil and plantain base.

OCTOPUS PARILLADA: grilled octopus served with a side of grilled vegetables. the octopus was grilled nicely but everything lacked seasoning. not sure of this was an oversight or on purpose... $10

CAMARON TIGRE EN AGUACHILE: tiger shrimp ceviche. tasty. $8

Overall, this review is based on one experience. i'm definitely going to return now that i have a better idea of what is available, and try some of the other items. the one thing i hate about tapas is that i never feel like i ate a proper meal. if you're like me, i'd recommend eating a meal a couple of hours before coming here. unless you plan on ordering a LOT of food (which adds up very quickly, i might add), you'll possibly be leaving hungry.笑
Thumbs up for the overall vibe of this place. It is quite huge so if here is a line up it goes rather quickly. Also if their bar by the lineup is open u can order drinks while waiting! 

We started with the guacamole and it didn't disappoint. They make it at your table and it was so good. Definitely recommend!

Then we had the Baja taxes and they were out of this world! The fish was so tender and moist. Recommend! 

This filled us up honestly, even though the portions were small. We were going to get the 7 course meal for 2 but we aren't that hungry so glad we didn't. 

For dessert we had the churro sand they were so good! Recommend 

For drinks we had the normal margarita which was ok (maybe cuz it was made in the lineup bar), then we had the margarita with the grand marnier and I was delicious! Also had the mojito (first listed on the menu) and it was ok, then I had the colada drink and it was awesome!!!!! Recommend!笑
This by far was the best Mexican culinary experience I've had. I absolutely love the fusion of flavors, we ordered ceviche, pulled pork & steak & guac! Was on point!  My child had the chicken and rice & Chicken mole  simply delicious.. They are meant to share dishes. The atmosphere on a Wednesday night was great! I tried to book through open table, it said booked for 2 days. We decided to go and see if we can get a table, to our surprise we we were eating after 20 minutes.  You won't be disappointed. Enjoy!!笑
The atmosphere is the best part about this place. The food is decent, but the small portions just don't justify the price. 

The roasted corn salad comes out in three tiny little cups (why?). And at $9.50!! 

The tacos are so small that by the time the server comes over so you can ask for some hot sauce you're  the way finished... $16.99!

However the hot sauce they did bring (burn habanero?) was Amazing!! Best part of the meal.

Great for the patio and a margarita, not worth it for a meal in the winter.笑
Mojitos and guac as a St Patrick's day warm up. Sophisticated lighting, all you need is either a good aperitif, good company or both. You won't be disappointed! Recommend the tacos and pitcher of Mojito!笑
Looks beautiful. presented great. Guac made in front of us. Great location.... BUT it didn't taste great! Moderate Mexican food at best :( 

It had so much promise too. 

I had better Mexican food in a dive on a side street. I wish it tasted better, or this place would've scored 5 stars笑
3.5*. While the food was just okay, the ambiance was great and really made the experience here worthwhile. Located in the heart of the Distillery District, we visited on a Thursday evening and had the choice of sitting on the patio or indoors - it wasn't too cold, and we chose the patio which is heated. They also provide blankets for you to wrap around yourself in case the heaters aren't enough for you. 

First, parking. There are several Green P's located in the area surrounding the Distillery District (on a weekday evening, the average was around $4.50 an hour, or around $8.00 flat for the evening if you arrived after 6:00 PM).

Second, ambiance. Beautiful, inside and out. Pretty lights, an intimate setting amongst a good sized space. This restaurant is a great option for both group dinners and dates. Plus, they take reservations.

Third, the food. We had the guacamole (which they mash in front of you), Baja Fish Tacos ($15.95 for 3 tacos), Campechanos Tacos ($15.95 for 3 tacos), Costilla Courta ($16.95 - braised short rib), the Love Boat ($14.95 - fried plantains with braised beef), and Churros. Overall, the Baja Fish Tacos were the best item we ordered (nice, crispy, light, with decent flavor). The tacos were an okay size, but a bit on the small side. The guacamole was just okay (I wish it had more of a kick and body). 

Generally speaking, the food was just average, but it was the environment that made the experience enjoyable. A wonderful atmosphere for our group dinner, with great service (thanks so much to our awesome server, Christina, for a nice evening!). We would definitely come back here again for the ambiance, but it's not our first choice if we were strictly looking for the "best" Mexican food in Toronto.笑
Jolies petites assiettes avec des plats assez classiques mais un bel effort de présentation. Le tout était bien épicé, la terrasse est jolie et très agréable en été le soir.

Petit bémol pour le service - guacamole commandé, jamais arrivé mais facturé - et le prix excessif des boissons.笑
Love the setting with the lamps and fireplaces. Came here with three colleagues and ordered guacamole, corn salad, a variety of tacos (Baja were best) and the short rib mole (the last was unremarkable). The food was pretty good but the ambience made all even better.笑
Nice atmosphere but way over priced for what you get. Everything is just small taste items. The food came quick but wasn't anything special. Might be what we ordered.

 We had the burrito which was terrible. The baja fish taco which were O.K but def had better elsewhere. We also had crab balls which were the best thing we ordered but again nothing too special.

 If this place wasn't so over priced wouldn't be such a bad thing.笑
This place is gorgeous. As soon as you walk in, you just can't stop looking around. There are so many little, intricate elements to the decor, like you discover something new every time you look up. The food was really good too. The guacamole was the best I've ever had, and they make it right in front of you at the table. We had the Atun to start, which was very tasty but I thought the portion was really small. The tacos were also small, but delicious and actually quite filling.  I enjoyed the selection of drinks and cocktails as well. Our server was really nice and everything came out much faster than we expected. I've been recommending this place to everyone since my visit. I will definitely come and check it out again once the patio opens up in the summer!笑
Amazing atmosphere and decorations! Drink specialities are awesome and the food was good but a little pricey and didn't impress me too much!
It's worth a visit for the environment and area.笑
This place is amazing!! Great food and great service. Every dish is made with attention to detail. The coffee is great as well! Fish tacos excellent. Can't believe this place doesn't have hotter reviews. Definitely deserves it.笑
The building and decor are beautiful, and the patio is gorgeous. I came here today with a group for brunch and sat inside, as it was quite cold and windy outside, but I'm sure the patio is amazing when the weather is nicer.

The food was very good (I ordered the shrimp and lobster tacos) but with the small portion size and hurried preparation, I didn't feel that it was a good value at $15. One taco had a cocktail shrimp-sized piece of lobster, the second had two pieces that were each half that size, and the third had none. The onions, black bean purée, and garnish were also very unevenly distributed between the tacos, which gave them an inconsistent taste and a very rushed look (see photo). At $5 a taco I'd like it to look like some amount of care was put into assembling the dish, and this aspect fell short for me.

As I mentioned, it's a very cold day today, but for some reason the side door was left propped open for most of the meal so my group (seated near the door) was uncomfortably cold while we sat there. I also have to point out that I received a dirty glass for my diet coke and the server didn't notice (or, for that matter, ever offer a refill). She was very polite, but essentially absent during the meal.

I really struggled with deciding how many stars to give this restaurant because the food was good and the location is great. However, I was hungry, thirsty and underwhelmed when I left the restaurant, and for those reasons I would absolutely hesitate to recommend it.笑
A few friends and I were there late on Sunday night. Took 40 mins till the server realized we hadn't have water. Between chips and salsa and main dish, was half an hour. Asked for no cilantro in my dishes, there cilantro was. 
We stilled tipped 15% it seemed like a busy place but the food were only so so as well. 
Won't come back.笑
A fantastic choice in the midst of the yuppie zombie experiment that is the distillery.

Sure, it's very expensive.   Giant mexican murals and heated patios cost money.

But is it overpriced?   Hard to say.   It must have taken years to train the busboys to squish avocados into guacamole by hand.   To me, that seems well worth the nine dollar tab for the service.  

One of the best fried fish tacos I've ever had.    Spectacularly spiced and well garnished.   Beautifully sized and well presented.  

Apparently everything else there is horrible.    But I don't know that because I keep coming back for the fish tacos and the handful of potato chips with expensive fancy guacamole.  

It doesn't hurt to finish with Churros.   

Who doesn't like ten dollars worth of glorified donut?笑
Great restaurant - very cool decor/ambiance , really quite spectacular! And the food was delicious!  Started with spicy guacamole - yummy!! It's tapas so it was suggested we order 2 plates each and it was lots to share. Each dish unique and different from the other. Ended up being a bit pricy but worth it. I'll be back!笑
the decor is excellent - it's bright, vibrant, and totally unique.  the restaurant is only about 4 months old as of 11-2013, but, the food, cocktails and service is very very good.  the place is packed when we went, and it was a Thu night !  highly recommend ...笑
Pricey for Small food portions. Food was good. Mixed drink was weak. Server and atmosphere were awesome.笑
El Catrin is a great place for meeting up with friends in a great atmosphere.  Not only are you in the Distillery District (which is great by itself) but the restaurant has this great vibe.  It is moderately loud to get that fun vibe but not crazy where you're yelling across the table.  From a restaurant env alone... 4 stars.  The food isn't bad and I totally get the previous reviews where they say it's low value (a gravy boat of a few pieces of vegetables ... for $12??? uh).  The service is kinda where it fell really flat... 

When you walk in, you're warmly greeted by the hostess... no side eyeing or noses in the air, just smiles all around.  We were quickly checked in and shown to our table immediately.  It was a comfortable table where we couldn't overhear the table beside us.  This was great.  We also had a good view of the bar and also amazing mural that captures your attention immediately.

Our main server is where this all started to fall apart.... not only was he very hard to find... he took his sweet time to even bring anything.  His recommendation were kinda haphazard.  That being said... the moment we started to look around to find him, the person at the bar jumped right in and came to our table to ask us if everything is ok.  Soooo... its not everyone.  Just that particular guy.

The food was tasty but some of the appetizers were laughably small.  They're meant to be shared but I dont see how cause it barely would suit one.  I've been to several high end places in Chicago and for the same price, they'd give you double the portions size and have better flavour.  Also, didn't 100% appreciate how I ordered the halibut but got sole as a substitute.  Seeing how halibut is much more expensive... they should lower the dish price or throw in something.   The churros were ok... dipping sauces tasted straight the bottle.  

Overall, it was a good place for the atmosphere but just check your expectations at the door on service and cost.  You'll be a-ok then.笑
This was my second time to this place. We sat in the outdoor part. It was during the weekday so I thought the line up for a table wasn't too bad. The seating in the outside area,  I thought was more comfortable then the seating inside when I came here for the first time last winter. The type of fiod they serve here is mexican tapas.  I think the pricing of the menu items is en par with the ither restaurant in the Distillery district.  The service we received was good. Our server was very friendly. The flavors of the food overall was good, but the portion size I thought was just small for the price that you are paying. If you like trendy hip restaurants I think this woukd be a choice.笑
Food at El Catrin is pretty good, but not incredible in my opinion.

Decor is cool and place always has good energy and is busy. Crazy tequila selection if that's interesting笑
Great lively ambiance, quick and friendly service and definitely a unique dining experience. Brunch menu items were delicious. Very impressed笑
Great location! The patio is really nice looking and was perfect regardless of the windy night thanks to the heating lamps.
The food was really good. We had the guacamole, which we loved although thought it was a bit overpriced for the quantity provided (especially as they charge for extra chips). Definitely recommend the Baja Tacos. They were really good, with the right amount of spicy to them. 
The margaritas were superb. I got the traditional and my girlfriend ordered the Mango one, and we both drank them to the last drop.
Overall, it was a very pleasant experience thanks to great food and very pleasant atmosphere. We did find it a little expensive, but considering the location we can't really complain. 
I would recommend it for a night out or a celebratory event, since the prices are quite high but the experience is totally worth it.笑
Made it out to Distillery District and wanted some tacos so stopped in here. Luckily we had reservations as the line to get in was quite long. The food was tasty but small portions. I get the sense people come more for the ambiance than anything.

Ambiance - Place was crowded. Music playing. Decorated very nicely. I can not complain in the least with how it was set-up. The outdoor patio was lively, however, do note that if you have a reservation it is for inside and the outside is first come first serve.

Food - The food tasted good so no complaints there. My issue is with the potion size. I had the suadero tacos and my wife the pastor tacos. For $32 we received 6 very small tacos. Reading these other Yelp reviews now I see responses from management they are designed to be a tapas type (or shared) however there is no mention on that on the menu... (Thankfully we also ordered the guacamole which filled us up some more though isn't 100% made at table like other places I have been...the avocado is already out and mashed). Additionally, my tacos were out within 5 minutes or ordering (before the guacamlole) so not sure how made to order they were.

Service - The point above leads to here, there was no explanation of the menu (e.g. designed to be shared) or notice when my wife and I ordered that we weren't getting that much food. We could have ordered more once we saw however the next time we saw the waitress was when she was asking us about dessert and we were long finished.

Again, the ambiance was nice and I get the sense this is a place people go do to the looks and atmosphere. With the other options directly next to it, I think it would be a while before I am back here.笑
Overall this was a great place. I went here on a Tuesday and it had a fun atmosphere. We ordered 3 types of tacos - 2 of the pulled pork and 1 chicken. All three were fantastic. Only the guacamole was average. We also had 2 of the margarita's and those were tasty. I highly recommend this restaurant for groups or dates.笑
We went here for dinner on a weeknight and believe me the place was packed and buzzing. We chose to sit inside but they seem to have a rocking patio as well. The decor is so unique, the theme is the night of the living dead. The mural on the wall is a masterpiece. Apparently it took the artist 7 months to complete. Our server was an enterprising personality. He meticulously explained the menu and his favorites with tremendous zeal. Dishes come out as soon as they are ready, so we felt a bit rushed.  I ordered the cucumber devil cocktail which I really enjoyed. The sangria my wife had was tad on the sweeter side. They do mexican tapas which are usually 2X or 3X spanish tapas portions. Contrary to our server's suggestion, the portions are tiny for the price.

We had the following things to share

Steamed Corn, cilantro, aioli, cheese
Very simple flavors but I did not taste much of cilantro. 

Tuna ceviche
Well marinated and the watermelon helped mute the acidity of the dish. My favorite dish of the evening

shrimp and lobster tacos
The better taco of the two we tasted. The spicy chipotle gave a nice kick

Baja tacos
Overrated. Not worth ruminating

Tuna tostada
Very bland. The amuse bouche like portion took us by surprise. We informed our server about how unmemorable this dish was and he quickly requested the manager to come and speak with us about our experience. He offered us something else to try instead but we were pretty stuffed by then so we politely declined.

We were informed that the chef is from mexico city and he takes his cooking very seriously. The service is as good as it gets contrary to some of the opinions expressed here. In fact, these guys really care about feedback and customer experience. This is a place worth checking out and I'll probably give them another try for brunch before making a final opinion. First impressions were not memorable as far as taste is concerned but loved the vibe and decor that it has to offer.笑
We had a true Mexican feeling at this place. The food, service, music were great... hot weather at their patio complemented our experience. Very good restaurant. Will sure come back笑
We visited Labor Day weekend and stopped in on a Friday evening, well before the Friday night crowd came out. There was a long wait despite several available tables. Once seated, we waited a long time to even see our waiter. Our waiter had tables on both ends of the restaurant and was apologetic for the wait between sprints across the restaurant. He was very nice but definitely overworked. It seemed like the men were running around working their tails off, while the women wait staff were taking their time and just there to be eye candy. Food and drinks were good, decor and atmosphere were awesome, but I wouldn't return- that wait was ridiculous. The couples around us seemed to feel the same way about the wait and the disparity in wait staff workload.笑
Nice patio. Small portions. Inattentive service.
There's better places to eat than this joint. And better Mexican food to be tasted elsewhere.笑
Ole ole, ole ole. Feeling hot hot hot! Sooo we decided to cool off with a couple bevvies at this popular distillary locale. The patio was calling and so were the Micheleda's. Dana our server was on point and very friendly. Hooked us up with some extra goodies while we waited for our chicken con pollo and Baja fish tacos. The cod was tender and well seasoned and the mole worked perfectly with the cream sauce. We finished off with the lamb skewers. Very moist and tender. Until next time Cat... We'll be back soon to try those elusive beef tacos!笑
I was in Toronto this past weekend visiting my cousins and we went to the Holiday Market down in the Distillery district.  They were raving about this place for brunch, so we decided to go there.  The wait was pretty long as they have a large outdoor patio and a pretty large interior dining area.  We opted to sit inside as the line was shorter, which was a bit odd, considering how cold it was, but hey - we'll take it!

They have a very small/narrow entrance way, that was filled with a couple of strollers, making it difficult for people to walk in and out.  We waited about 5-10minutes and then got seated.  Their back wall, across the bar, is an awesome mosaic wall of skulls and 3-d murals/paintings.  The place is very open, but not too loud, with a large bar that runs across the entire front of the restaurant.

It was definitely very busy for a Saturday brunch around 2pm.  Our waiter came to fill our glasses with water and take our orders.  I opted for the Michelada and the huevos rancheros.  We also got guac for the entire table.

The guac and the drinks came out first, and the guac was decent.  We asked for it to be spicy, but I couldn't taste much of the peppers.  Also, not sure if this is how guac is supposed to be, but it was very liquidy/runny than the traditional chunky/thick guac I'm used to.  The cool thing is that the waiter made it in front of us using the traditional large thick guac bowl and a pestle.  The Michelada was one of the worst things I have ever drank in my life - it tasted like watered-down tomato juice with no flavor at all.  There was no spice and couldn't taste the beer if I tried.  I only drank about a third before I got so sick of it.  In hindsight, I should've sent it back and asked for something else, but at that point, I just didn't have the mood to drink anymore.

When the huevos rancheros came, we asked for hot sauce, and they brought out a little habanero sauce in a small bowl.  I asked a few different people if there were any other sauces until someone finally brought out a bottle of cholula.  I'm sorry, you cant' say you're an authentic Mexican restaurant with only one hot sauce that was super dark and tasted smoky with a light kick at the end.  Also, I'm pretty sure on of the servers/busboys was high because I asked him about sauce and he stared at me the whole time and then asked me to repeat myself.

The food was very..mediocre.  Not a lot to it, from a taste or ingredients standpoint, and I wasn't blown away by it.  I ate it because it was in front of me.  They are smaller portions compared to the states, which is completely fine since I rarely finish my brunch meals anyway.  There seems to be better options in this area for food.笑
I agree with this comment: "What is this place thinking?  we customers travel around the world, we are a multicultural and diverse city, we know what Mexican food is" - not this!!
  
Also, again, tapas come from Spain and Torontonians always confuse this its the politically correct way of saying, tiny portions! 

Won't come back, horrible.. waaaay expensive, bad service!! and not Mexican - at all... 

These owners of the distillery just don't get it. I feel sorry for them...笑
Beautiful atmosphere and great food located in the heart of Toronto's distillery district. Tapa style dishes make it an appropriate place for both big and small groups. Great service but you may want to make a reservation as it is quite busy and you may have to wait in line! Flavourful food (tacos were amazing  especially the pollo con mole ) and you can always add a kick with their in house habanero sauce. Great drinks (cafe patron) and churros as well!笑
Read decent review on this place (not on Yelp) and decided to grab lunch here. They're a tapas style Mexican restaurant proudly boasting how authentic they are. We made reservations as Christmas Market is happening - I am so not down to wait in line. 

Once you walk in, you get overwhelmed with dias los muertos skulls and colourful murales and once it slowly steeps in, it's actually gorgeous. I am especially in love with the floor-to-ceiling alcohol wall. Simply beautiful display.

We ordered the guacamole en la mesa, ceviches classico, baja tacos y gobernador tacos. Guac was whatever expensive as well for a small amount (roughly a cup for $11).. they mash it on the spot in a molcajete which is probably the best part of the guac. The ceviches was just plain rip off... 1/4 cup for $12 had a few pieces of fish lime juice and cucumber and bam you have an "authentic ceviches". The tacos was just tacos.. Kensington has better tacos for cheaper.

Waitress was nice. Checked in on us here and there so no complaints on the service.

Overall, I would not come back. I feel that I can get "authentic" Mexican food elsewhere for a better price.笑
We visited this place with visiting family from out of the Country for brunch on Saturday September 6th, despite the reviews and our love of Mexican food still had high hopes for El Catrin.

Upon our arrival, 5 minutes before our reservation time of 11.30 we stood at the menu stand on the patio and waited... and waited ... and waited. We tried to catch a (any) servers eye but were completely ignored. Eventually one of our party went to the bartender on the patio who came over and announced that they would find someone to seat us - on the almost empty patio. I guess it was not in his job description to seat us. A few minutes later a "harried" hostess arrived, apologized for the delay and sat us with menu's and the usual "server will be right with you" speech.  

The server - one who had successfully avoided eye contact as we waited at the door, came over promptly with water took a drink order and took a pre-order for some guacamole. On returning with the drinks the menu was kind of halfheartedly explained to us - brunch items individual plates, main menu - smaller portions meant for sharing tapas style etc. 

The guacamole arrived by a new server who grunted "guacamole" as he placed it on the table and mixed it in front of us - though he offered no further conversation or menu suggestions.

We placed our order:

1 BURRITO DE MERISCOS ($19)
1 TORTA EL SANTO ($16)
1 TACOS PASTOR ($15)
1 GRINGA ($14)

Now my idea of tapas is a plate with an item in bite size pieces. Not here, while we can't complain about the (unspicy) flavours of the food, the portion sizes were very erratic and not cut for sharing. The Torta El Santo (large portion) arrived on a big bun, it would have been so easy for the kitchen to portion it into 4 before it left the kitchen. The Burrito (large portion) was cut in to 2 pieces. The Tacos arrived as a VERY small plate with 3 measly topped tacos. I have to admit I don't recall what the Gringo looked like - or its portion size, though that in itself tells you something.

The service throughout was very lackadaisical, your bothering me kind of way. We weren't offered refills on anything, drinks or water. Trying to catch the servers eye to pay the bill was a joke, I ended up getting up from my seat to ask her.

I've been a server in Toronto for over 20 years, eaten around the world and have just returned from Spain, the Tapas capitol of the world. The management need to take a trip to experience what true tapas dining is.  

Not a restaurant we will be returning to.笑
Very, very disappointing.  I don't even know where to start... Well, If "El Catrin" wants to be a trendy and upscale kind of restaurant, well they are not doing their homework properly... 
The service is awful from the beginning, from the welcoming, from the hostess...  The poor girl doesn't even know what she is doing.  
The drinks were awful, terrible, the worse caipirinha I ever had.   
The food is a joke... literally a joke, beginning with I don't consider what I eat Mexican food under any circumstance.  The portions "tapas" (tapas are originally from the Spanish cuisine) are TINY, ridiculously small and extremely expensive.  
What is this place thinking?  we customers travel around the world, we are a multicultural and diverse city, we know what is Mexican food, and I never saw anything like this in my life.  
What are we paying here is for the decoration, the location and that's it.  I don't mind paying for an expensive dinner but I expect: good food and good service because that is why I go to an expensive restaurant.  I usually never leave an exclusive restaurant unsatisfied... But we were hungry and after "El Catrin" we had to go have food somewhere else... 
Guys, an honest advise, you are not Patria, Mexican food doesn't work tapas style.  We ordered a steak medium rare,  and what we got was a very, very petit and over cooked piece of meat... Tiny tacos for I believe it was $18... 1 shrimp for 8... well is just crazy...  I know other comments are trying to justify the deficiencies because the restaurant just opened a couple of weeks ago, but seriously being new is not a excuse.  If you were not ready, why did yo open? and if you decided to open why do we have to pay a high price for an experiment. Sorry.笑
My friend planned an evening out in the Distillery district. Originally we had 18 people attending but as of the day of we had 12. Still a pretty great turn out. My friend had set it up to be seated in their private room which was absolutely stunning in decor and character. The entire place's decor was extremely unique and gave u the feeling as if you were celebrating the "Day of the Dead" in Mexico. Their were masks that filled the walls and at first it seemed unusual but this room also had stunning light fixtures. 

Now on to the menu, we were fortunate to have a preset menu by the venue. I enjoyed all the dished that came my way. There were about 9 different dishes including dessert. One of the girls who attended this event is a vegetarian, the waitress was kind enough to ask the group if there were any restrictions. My friend told her and the server let the chef know. Throughout the night while the meat dishes were coming out they had brought her a veggie option. I really think that was great service as we didn't ask for this special type of treatment.

The fresh guacamole was full of flavour and a great start to the night. It was also prepared table side. My friend and I shared a pitcher of sangria. Reason being, just felt like the right thing to do. We were shocked at the end of the night to see the cost. The sangria was very tasty but we felt the price was over charged considering the amount of ice they put in the pitcher.
I felt the preset menu was great but a little to pricey for my liking... I didn't feel they brought out enough food for the amount of money I spent. 

I would love to go back just this time not with such a big group.. half the time I didn't even know what I what eating because I didn't hear the servers when they brought them out.笑
I went to this Mexican tapas restaurant with a largish (12) group of friends and had a mixed experience. The place itself is pretty damn stylish Mexican Bar/Cantina inspired and in the middle of the Distillery district, so I can see this place being pretty great during the warmer months when this area is busy with festivals/fun. The meal was set course because of the size of the group, but there was enough variety with the courses that I wasn't really lacking things to my taste.
The meal started with a high point: fresh handmade at the table guacamole and tortilla chips. It was much better than the standard salsa/tortilla chip Mexican restaurant standard (and lets not even bring up the basket of bread everywhere else).
Starters included a fruit and shrimp salad and some spicy tuna ceviche. The salad was a little plain, but the ceviche was intense stuff: spicy, deep, and kickass. Pulled chicken quesedillas were pretty meh.
The taco courses were all around pretty great. The deep fried haddock and spicy chipotle lime coleslaw taco probably being the highlight of the meal. Again it had some good kick and it was crispy and was finished all to quickly. Haha, the problem with set course tapas: tiny things finished quickly.
Speaking of at this point in the night there was a 30 minute or so gap in the courses coming out which was a little strange because up to that point things had been moving along at a pretty fast pace. Kind of throws off the meal.
Once food started again we had a strangely bland braised beef short rib course and a jumbo shrimp course.
Tres Leches Cake (dense cake soaked in sweet milk) was a refreshing dessert and tasty! It was garnished with, for lack of a better description, crispy sweet corn flake-like chunks. Unfortunately, this was followed up with boring convenience store churros.
I easily went through 2 Rested Mojitos over the course of the meal. Should've gotten a pitcher. They were expertly made.
Overall, a little pricey (60 each all in plus drinks) for what you're getting, awesome decor, and some courses were a little bland, but the drinks and taco courses were top notch.笑
I went to El Catrin last night for dinner with my wife. I heard good things and I love mexican food so we decided to try it out. We were unimpressed to say the least.

The chicken tacos were disgusting.  I'm not sure why but there is a really bad after taste with the meat (I guess what they marinate it in ?) it was awful and we couldn't eat it. $15 bucks for 3 mini tacos that tasted like garbage ? no thanks.

The Carnitas were average, very dry and no taste.  Chipotle has better carnitas in my opinion for half the price.  Way over priced for $15.

I will give them credit for their guacamole however.  It was very tasty and very fresh.  One of the best I have ever had.

The service was also pretty bad.  We waited forever for the tacos and the staff looked confused.

Overall:

tacos 1/5
service 1/5
guacamole 5/5
price 1/5

As good as the guacamole was, my wife and I will not be coming back.笑
We stopped in for a quick bite to eat on the way to a meeting.  I had the El Catrin salad, and my partner had a trio of the shrimp and lobster tacos.  The food was bland and under seasoned; clearly not a lot of thought went into it.  It was evident that the shrimp was the frozen kind - what an improvement it would have been to have a single, grilled jumbo shrimp on each taco.  The focus is on the 'scene' over the quality.  Which is too bad, because with a strong focus on food, I'd make the effort to go to the distillery.  Stick with Grand Electric for good tacos - there's a reason there's always a line-up.笑
Right off the bat...service sucks. Went there on a Saturday afternoon and was really looking forward to an enjoyable time there. The atmosphere is great, the drinks were nice, and they make decent guacamole right at your table. Unfortunately, the service we received was awful. Couldn't flag someone down for the life of me, and was served with a condescending attitude for no reason. I consider myself a very considerate and patient restaurant-goer. It's a shame, might have really enjoyed the place if not for that.笑
Fantastic atmosphere, great plates. We asked the waiter to recommend what was most popular and tried a bunch of great small dishes. Margaritas were fantastic.笑
Oh my god. I loved this place from ambiance to the food. I would love to go there again and again. 
Habanero sauce was awesome.笑
The food was average and the waitress was less than attentive. Waited 20 mins for her to come and take orders and even longer for food to come, and of course took her a really long time to get our bill. It was more waiting for us than eating.笑
Good tasty Mexican food, portions on the smaller side for some dishes - for e.g. The scallops and pork tacos could be bigger. Ambience is nice and the bar is awesome. Drinks are good - I enjoyed this spicy drink diablo something. 
The only problem I have is that when the waitress took my card to run it on the machine she already put in 18% tip herself and I had no idea what I was paying as the only thing I saw on the screen was "enter pin." Had I not asked for my receipt I would not have known that she charged 18% tip. This was a backhanded move, and not appreciated. Note: our party was not more than 8 people where they automatically incl gratuity. (note - we had a party of 5)

additional note per OpenTable: "For parties of 8 or more an automatic gratuity of 17.5% is added and one bill is required. Reservations are held for 15 minutes. Parties must fully arrive within 30 minutes of their reservation time"

So I would suggest that either the restaurant update the website whether its 6 or 8 people they charge the gratuity for or inform the customers up front.笑
I love tequila and their selection is amazing! The dishes are small but well worth it. The patio is one of my fav's so inviting and warm. It's heated during the crisper days/nights. Well worth checking out!笑
We love this place.  We made our own table samplers with several taco plates.   The lobster/shrimp and octopus were amazing.   We also had a burrito and sandwich, both were great.  Great atmosphere, service and food.  Definitely recommend checking it out.笑
I was honestly really disappointed by El Catrin. The food was bland and overpriced! We tried the guacamole (good but nothing exciting), the crickets (really greasy since they are soaking in oil), Baja fish tacos (too much mayo), shrimp taco (boring), and pescado ceviche (which tasted oddly fruity). The only thing I really enjoyed was the mango margarita. Essentially, go there for the decor, but don't expect to be blown away by the food.笑
This place is amazing and I cant imagine how great it is in the summer with the patio that they have. The service and rhe ambiance were great (salsa was playing :)). I ordered a cuban mojito, which was great. For food I got the tacos Gobernador. They were extremely tasty, and all the flavours were there, none of the components were overpowering. The guacamole was also tasty, all the ingredients seemed very fresh. For dessert I tried the tres leches cake (portion was little, so I would not recommend this for sharing), which was authentic (very similar or almost the same to what my family members would make) and it tasted amazing. I highly recommend to make a reservation since it seems that they have a lot of people coming in everytime.笑
My boyfriend and I wandered in as we were stuck in the city during the Santa Claus parade. I was really impressed with the unique decor and even though the restaurant is large it still felt somewhat cozy. We enjoyed the fresh guacamole that's combined table side and our Caesars were great. Service was slow and we didn't love the fish tacos but I would have definitely been willing to come back and try something else. Here's where it sort of fell apart for me.. After my best attempt at finishing my churros alone our table was cleared. We started to feel neglected as we waited and waited to catch our server to get our bill. We waited a very long time. It had to have been almost 30-40 minutes. This to me is a deal breaker. I want great food AND great service. Don't get me wrong our server was very friendly but what about being attentive and prompt? It left us with a bitter taste. With so many restaurants to compete with in the city I feel as if it should be a standard to have amazing service (which I've found more often is not the case). Not sure I'll be back.笑
Absolutely loved it ! The place is huge and gorgeous inside and outside. Our waitress Katrina was so sweet and helpful. The churros were huge and delicious and so were the drinks. Amazing experience.its a must !笑
The love boat is absolutely to die for!! The atun ceviche is also delicious. Great traditional margaritas. 

Our server was great also - very attentive and made great suggestions. 

It goes without saying that you should almost always have a reservation in the summer. Last night was a 1.5 hour wait for a table.笑
Small portions. That's the main conclusion.
Loved the decor and the servers were wonderful. They greeted us right away and served us our waters. The patio was very nice especially on a nice summer day. The wall mural inside the restaurant was so pretty! 

We ordered the gazpacho ( avocado) and the Huevos cazuela. The soup was minty and full of flavor and a hint of lime at the end of each sip. Would definitely order that again next time.
The Huevos cazuela was small but the pot was so cute! It was served with 3 poached eggs along with some black beans, bacon bits and tomato base... kind of like a chili.  At $14, it wasn't as grand as usual brunch menu items but it was delicious! Kept me wanting for more.  

I'd come back for the atmosphere and maybe try the tapas and ceviche next time.笑
Deeply disappointed in their service. Called to make reservations for a birthday on Feb 27th for March 15th for 12 people. Had a conversation with the guy on the other end of the line. He takes down my phone number, and email to send me a written confirmation (which i never received). Today, March 6th I call to verify my reservations for the birthday as I did not receive an email confirmation. To my dismay, I have no reservations for March 15th - the guy on the other side tells me, not only that he is simply rude while he is talking to me. I am truly disappointed with your service. No one should be this rude and dismissive to anyone.笑
Great ambiance, awesome drinks, and bad food! 
Went there for birthday with party of 3.. The guac and chips are very good, but the rest of the food on the menu was disgusting. I gave it a 3 for the ambiance and the staff who were very nice and accommodating. It's a real shame the food sucked.笑
I ate here over the summer with my friend. I liked the vibe of the place and our server was really friendly. I ordered the gobernador tacos which consisted of shrimp and lobster. It tasted fine, it just needed more salt. Also, I found little pieces of lobster shells in the tacos, that sucked. There are so many Mexican restaurants out there so I probably won't go back to this one.笑
Went here once in the summer for a friends birthday and was very impressed.  The drink menu is full of interesting and tasty cocktails which are unique and not played-out like most of the cocktail lists I see these days.  The service was amazing - servers were around enough and not overly pushy.  There is something to be said about the patio, which is pretty large but yet still feels like you are in someone's backyard (in a good way).  The tables on the patio are oversized and not close together so you don't feel like you're sitting with the table next to you.  I didn't try any of the food so I can't speak for it but I will definitely be back.笑
By far the best high-end Mexican restaurant in Toronto. Trully authentic with a slight high-end twist. My favourites: Sopes de Tinga, Tacos de Carnitas, Esquites and the Short rib is out of this world. Some complain about the price. Yes it's a bit pricy but that's because authentic mexican ingredients are hard to find in Canada. They have  fresh mexican ingredients and thus the food is fantastic and tastes like the real thing. The place is big, so service is their weakest point but overall, it's an amazing experience and I would recommend everyone to try it.笑
We went here over the Xmas holidays, and it was magical...sitting outside in mid-December, sipping mojitos and eating nachos was wonderful. 
We went back again last weekend, and had a decidedly different experience. We showed up on the Sunday afternoon, around 4 pm. We didn't look inside, but the outdoor patio wasn't particularly busy, maybe half full. Despite this, we waited a good 20 minutes for a table. The hostess seemed rather disorganized...whenever someone asked for a table, she would disappear for a few minutes, and then we would see her cleaning tables. Either they were short staffed, or she didn't know what she was doing. Eventually we got a table, but it took way too long. Once we were at our table, we waited some more. And waited. And waited. A waitress walked past our table and poured some water for the table next to us, who'd been seated after us. She walked right past us, not even offering any water or saying a word. After waiting a few more minutes, we decided enough was enough and we left. It's a shame, because our previous experience was so nice. But I don't think we'll be rushing back.笑
Decor is very cool! Tuna ceviche was amazing and good size for 1 person. Fish tacos were delicious and came in portion of 3 which was more than enough for 1 person. Server will suggest 3 dishes per person but 2 is likely enough and you can easily order more with how quick the service is. Guac made at your table but it's not that cool so only order if you actually want the Guac!  Nice vibe for drinks too. Sit far from the front door because otherwise you get a gust of cold air each time the door opens.笑
I'm always conflicted about this place - great location but there are some serious downsides. The patio looks great but some of the chairs are so uncomfortable. No complaints about the service but the food is inconsistent - grilled octopus, fish tacos, and gauc are okay but the pulled pork and pulled chicken tacos are bland (I've definitely had better tacos elsewhere). But what keeps me coming back are the churros* and the awesome cocktails.

*the churros are shorter and fluffier than typical but they are AMAZING. And it comes with 3 different dipping sauces. SO GOOD.笑
Fantastic experience! Server was amazing, food was great. Best guacamole ever! We were there for my birthday and I don't drink, so she brought us a round of complimentary birthday tequila shots and a shot of mango juice for me笑
The beauty that is the El Catrin interior is, honestly, worth a 4-star rating on its own. I was here for a corporate event (and thus can't speak to pricing), but had a taste of a variety of items on the menu - from the fish tacos, to the carne asada (steak), pulled chicken tacos and what I believe was the elote placero (this is a tiny glass vial filled with corn butter and a chipotle aioli). But as I mentioned, it was not the food I remember from this place but the absolutely stunning decor. A string of lights layered atop the patio creates a relaxing and inviting atmosphere right as you walk in - a vibe I felt from a mile away when I was walking through the Distillery District a few weeks prior on the way to another location. The inside of the restaurant is another story altogether; one of high ceilings adorned in patterns that are vivid and immediately eye-catching! The food is not too memorable (and served tapas-style so make sure you order quite a few dishes or else risk being hungry!) but I think you ought to come visit at some point with friends as it's a wonderful place to relax on a summer evening. :)笑
Rip off is the only thing that comes to mind when I remember my dinner experience there.. can't say much about the atmosphere.. we sat outside and wasn't overly impressed by the atmosphere and decorations!
The prices are ridiculous for the quality and portions of food that they serve! They serve Mexican food with an eccentric twist but again not impressive.. the service was ok.. A one time experience and honestly wouldn't recommend it笑
Don't waste your time or money. Service is not the best. Very slow and mixed up our order. Over charged us for our drinks. Watch your bill. We left after our drinks.  Had to wait half hour for our drinks and place was not even busy. Place is half empty and they made us wait half hour to get in. What a waste of time!笑
Overall, this place is fantastic; the atmosphere is good for conversation, the prices are decent, the desert selection is mouthwatering and abundant, and their group accommodation is wonderful. The only con to coming here is that the food is not as delicious as you would expect. 

I came here with a group of friends (7ish people), we each ordered either tacos/burritos from the lunch menu, split the guac and chips as an appetizer, split one pitcher of mojitos, and split the churros for desert. All of this amounted to $41 after tax and tip each. Now this is a solid price for everything that we got and while we had a lovely time, I don't think I would come here again because the tacos (I got the pork ones), guac, and churros were quite mediocre and nothing special. If you are looking to have a good time with friends though, this was a wonderful experience because of the atmosphere, location, and service.笑
Fun, pretty, perfect location, yummy... Just a long wait during peak hours for the patio.笑
The place has really nice design and ambiance. The waitresses are very friendly and enjoy explaining the menu and just chatting with the customers.The food is delicious and as close to authentic Mexican food as you can get in Canada. We were a big group (14 people) and tried many things-burritos(amazing),tacos,ceviches(those probably the worst of all the options),ice cream and the churros.

BUT,all the portions are TINY,and a bit pricey.the place is more for sampling than to get full.笑
Went last Friday as a surprise night out....was very happy we ended up here. 
It was busy but make a reservation just in case...we did and it seemed needed.
We sat on the upper level and at first I admit I was worried about being ignored but that was not the case at all.
We had the tasting menu, and it was more food then we could handle. Many dishes I wouldn't order on my own but I was very surprised and delighted to try. The Ahi tuna and Watermelon cervishe had us 'fighting' over the last bites. The portions were normal sized, enough to satisfy. 
Dishes were spaced out nicely and arrived hot and tasted fresh.  I'll be back for the Baja fish tacos again someday.
The churros were hot and tasty...a great way to end the meal.
The drinks are great. You get your money's worth for sure. Had the beer Ceaser (the name escapes me) and it was huge! Among the other drinks ordered was Horchata and a Mojito.  All were pleased with the drinks.
Our server was a great girl, attentive and cheerful despite how crazy busy it was.笑
Loved the ambience and atmosphere, but mediocre on the food. Would come again for drinks, but the food was not as flavorful. Definitely worth sitting outside. Gorgeous decor笑
Gorgeous gorgeous decor. Intriguing menu. Not sure why the servers were wearing crop tops & coats, looked/smelled like they'd had a fun night, and were making the drinks behind the bar as well as serving tables? 

We had high expectations based on reviews, but had to send the food back not one, but THREE times. 

1) Dishes came out with onions (specifically asked not to) and fried eggs (supposed to be poached).

2) Food comes out with bacon and incorrectly done eggs (definitely discussed with server). Manager comes by at this point to apologize. 

3) Food comes out with onions again. 

So ... the server could have done more to know/clarify the menu and communicate with the kitchen (she kind of disappeared after the manager took over), but the manager was kind and did comp the meal. A neighboring server checked in on us a few times, which I found a lovely sign of teamwork, though overall professionalism otherwise at the restaurant could use some polish. 

The chilaquiles are delicious, although the (seeming) use of commercial tortilla chips does make the dish salty. With such a simple dish, ingredients matter. 

We'll be back to try other dishes, but warily.笑
The service is HORRIBLE, seriously the worst thing I've ever experienced. The server didn't come to our table until 30 mins later, after we complained, and the server who came wasn't even ours. When she finally came she did not even say hello, just said 'what can I get you". When we got our food, one of the orders was incorrect and one party member got her food when the rest of the table was already done eating! The hostesses were cold and unreceptive of our needs. When defiantly should have been compensated because it was such poor service. Worst experience which is funny because it's such an overpriced 'classy' establishment.笑
Made a brunch reservation for 11:30am on a weekend. We were a party of 2 and seated immediately outside on the patio.

The atmosphere is great - very nice to sit outside on a hot morning. Cushions were comfortable. The interior is relaxing too with tall ceilings (we had eaten here when it used to be the Boiler House).

We started with the guacamole ($9), which our server brought to our table, mixed in front of us in a morter & pestle. It wasn't blended well at all. We found chunks of avocado and cilantro. It was accompanied by a very small bowl of chips (mug size) so we had to keep requesting more.

Ordered the huevos rancheros ($14) - the portion sizes were very large, but flavours were just OK.

Overall, our service was good. Lots of staff around to refill our water and get our bill; however, price point seemed high. Perhaps, being in the Distillery District, it attracts tourists who are walking in the area. I would also recommend that El Catrin open before 11:30am on a weekend, as families often enjoy eating earlier in the morning.笑
Overall a good experience. The room is beautiful, staff friendly and knowledgable and the food really delivers. What ruins the experience are the washrooms. They are filthy and smell. I've been in cleaner restrooms at a highway rest stop. Truly unfortunate.笑
Excellent ambiance and atmosphere! The restaurant is masterfully designed. 

The food however was really heavy, drenched in thick sauces, and mostly fried. There was no emphasis, everything just seemed to be piled up on top of each other. The ingredients were repetitive, and we had to send back a few dishes because of how bad it tasted.

Do not order the pork skin! I am surprised any restaurant could get away with selling fried (tempura) pork skin that has NO taste at all. 

The ingredients are fresh but poorly utilized, they seem to throw guacamole on everything and a hint of lemon zest.

I asked for a Caesar and they brought me a bloody mary! 

Overall, I wouldn't go back to this restaurant.笑
I gave 3 stars because of the decor and ambiance. The food is barely 2 star. We had a Sopes de Tinga then the chicken and a fish tacos and the grilled fish dish. We expected small portions but the appetizer bites were so tiny you could hardly taste anything. The chicken tacos had bones and the grilled fish filet were full of bones, I almost choked! The drinks (2 cocktails and a sangria) were pretty good. The wait for the food was long and they were not even full. (Monday evening)笑
Very small portion,bad service,expensive. Not a good combination. Had to wait around 1 hour and 20min to gettvour bills. Will definitely not go back again笑
Everytime I walk past by this place in Distillery I am WOW-ed by the decorations. Last night, when I walked in they didn't disappoint. In summer, the patio outdoor is packed with people. The cocktail mix is amazing along with the taste of the foods and speedy-ness of service. Minus the long wait time to get a seat when it's busy doesn't count. Henceforth make sure you make your reservations beforehand if possible. If not, you can walk around the beautiful distillery district. 

The only downside is, portions are quite small in tapas portion. It's also quite pricey for Mexican meal. And, they only have brewed coffee for after dinner. Still, I've got to give it to the service cause the waiter tried making a latte when I asked, but it turned out more to be coffee with milk. A for effort there. Dessert list is mediocre with the usual Mexican desserts like churros and such.笑
Nice place and a great patio. The chicken burrito was rather small and I have eaten better ones.笑
This place has a great ambiance but the FOOD IS A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT.  They got the guac wrong -- guac is the most basic for a Mexican restaurant how can they mess that up. We ordered the baja tacos, again the fish had extra thick coat of batter and we could hardly taste the fish. We ordered a pitcher of the Cuba Mojitos-- which was basically sugar syrup.

Do not waste your money here if you want good food, if you want to be seen in a "trendy spot" this is it.笑
Me & my husband came here for our Anniversary dinner, and the only thing we'll be back for is the drinks. The Margaritas and Mojitos are excellent! Our sever was awesome but she seemed like she wanted us rushed out. The food came very fast. We had the guac, which was good. My husband had the chicken wings, and fish tacos. Which were both very good. I had to tortilla soup, which tasted like bland tomato soup, and I had the mushroom tacos. Biggest mistake ever. They were sautéed mushrooms, with a sprinkle of jalapeños, and a touch of cheese. I tasted nothing. After we were done our meals, the server was hanging out salsas!!! Why weren't these served right away with our food? It would of made our meal a bit better. I will not be back to eat anything of this menu. I will go with friends for some drinks only. I could of made all of this at home for $20.笑
Really bland food with not much flavour nor spice.. The food is overpriced but the venue and decor is great. It's a hotspot so I've tried it on 2 occasions but I might as well go to Chipotle or Burrito Boyz. Maybe it's similar to Taco Bell.. Yup..笑
Love this place!!!! Amazing and unique experience. High energy, attractive decor, food and drinks to die for!!!笑
Love this Mexican restaurant! It's my favourite in the city. 

The food was phenomenal. The tortilla soup is actually to die for.. It was better than the tortilla soup I had in Mexico. Highly recommend you order it. The mini burritos were also unreal. 

The service was excellent. The bartender and our waitress were super friendly and gave us good advice on what to order. 

The vibe is pretty hip and fun. The resto is relatively upscale and was decked out in Mexican decorations. 

Two thumbs up!笑
This is a tapas place (tapa = the type of food that won't fill you, but you'll like to taste as you're enjoying your drink)

Don't come here without a reservation. I came on a Wednesday night and saw a big line up around 8 pm, and the hostess had to deny a lot of people, because they were fully booked! 

This was my first time coming here and I'm so happy with my experience. The atmosphere will blow your mind. I love the interior design and how they used lights to decorate this place. 

There's good music, but it's not too loud. There are high tables, and for bigger crowds there are regular height seats. The shrimp tacos were so delicious. I never thought Mexican food would taste this good. We also had a chicken dish with couscous and sweet potatoes, which was my favourite! I was not too impressed with the steak though. The bill came out to $100 for two guests (we ordered 2 drinks and 3 dishes, as we were hungry)

The majority of tables around us had ordered the Guacamole salad, Churos and Margaritas.笑
I think this is one of the best looking restaurants in the city. There are so many eye-catching pieces and details to their decor, mostly playing off the theme of Dia de Muertos. The most stunning was a very intricate and vibrant mural created by Mexican artists flown in to do the work. If you sit opposite to the mural facing the bar, you will be entertained by bartender(s) pulling tricks and making margaritas. The classic margarita is sublime. The high quality tequila definitely makes a difference. Speaking of which, they must have one of the largest tequila and mezcal lists I have ever seen. The food is a blend of contemporary and traditional Mexican served tapas-style. The presentation is so fantastic and every plate looks like it should be on a magazine cover.笑
Been passing by El Catrin for years but the line was always too long. Finally came today (Sunday) and it wasn't too busy but still had to wait 35min for a table outside. It has a beautiful patio with great music. 

While we waited for our table we conveniently waited at the taqueria bar, ordered drinks, one taco and an order of guacamole with chips. The guacamole was ridiculously tiny and the taco was more of a taquito. 

We got seated finally at a great table. Ordered ceviche, mini burritos and fish tacos. I've had a lot of ceviche and this had to be the worst I've ever had. What a joke. It came on 3 oyster shells and most of the ceviche was tomato and cucumber in a not too appetizing tomato sauce. AWFUL!!!

THe tacos were fine and mini burritos were tasty. 

I will not be back here for food. Drinks are great but food is average to below average.

I made a comment about the ceviche being bad and they didn't do anything. They were sweeping the floors outside while we were eating and also didn't refill our waters. 

Don't eat here!!!笑
I went to El Catrin a few weeks ago with my business partner and two clients-turned-friends and we were in for a surprise. We weren't told much prior to arriving and being led to the "secret location" so when we walked in, our jaws dropped. 

The place is stunning - I can't believe the change! The ambiance is incredible whether it's a business meeting or a date. 

We ordered a huge long list off the dinner menu, including the ridiculously delicious and fresh guac which we devoured. Twice. 

The fish tacos blew my mind and to be honest, weeks later, I'm still thinking about them and the wine. 

The portions are small and the prices are high which is why I have to say 4 stars rather than 5 stars, however now and again when you deserve a treat, this is where you need to go. 

I'm already planning my next evening out at El Catrin. 

P.S. The person handling the negative reviews (which most of them are quite rude and annoying anyway) deserves a raise for the eloquent and professional manner in which he responds to feedback.笑
Disappointing in many ways.  I love Mexican food and margaritas!!  I was so excited to hear about this place opening close to home. . .but what a let down.  It was their soft opening so maybe some of these comments will get worked out in the weeks to come.  I will give it another shot in a month or so to see if anything has changed.

Worse margarita EVER!!  It is a Mexican restaurant. . .you have to be able to make a quality margarita.  It was so thick and so acidic it burned your throat going down.  I sent mine back twice and ended up ordering wine.  My friend sent hers back as well.  Sangria not as bad. . .but kind of thick.  Maybe that's their thing. . .but I prefer a thinner sangria.

The ambiance is sorely lacking on the patio, particularly during the daytime.  Pretty much the same problem as when it was the boiler room. . .too much space and no feel to it.  The overhead lights are beautiful but not enough to give the space an ambience and you don't notice them much during the day, however they do look very nice at night.  They don't have any umbrellas on the outdoor tables. . .very very hot on a sunny day!!!  No plants. . .trees. . .nothing other than wooden tables.  

Food was good. . .again not great.  The tortillas did not taste made in house. . .unless they were made in house a few days prior. . .they were dry around the edges.  The portions are SMALL. . .it is tapas style.  That's all great. . .but tapas is Spanish so one does not expect that at a Mexican restaurant unless your server tells you.  My black beans were so bland, there was no spice, salt or anything in them. 

The good was that the service was very good. . .no challenges sending the margaritas back, and they have some very high end tequilas that are a pleasure to sip. . .so maybe who needs the lime juice and orange based liquor lol!!!

Because their servings are small, this is not an inexpensive place if you plan to fill up.  As it stands they don't come close to any of the Playa Cantina restaurants for food, drinks, ambiance and price.  But the up side is that they are much quieter.笑
I was really happy with this restaurant. It was my first time going to a resto at the Distillery district but the food, drinks and service was actually really good. The resto decor and layout, setup and appeal were also impressive. 

The lobster taco's tasted amazing.

On a side note, great place for a date and a fave among girls. ;)笑
Beautiful patio for hot summer days. The white sangria was great with fresh peaches and raspberries. The food was above average but the service was amazingly bad. It took 20 min after being seated just to take a drink order. 15 min to bring the drinks and take the food order, 35 min before food came and the order was wrong. I would come back but only if I have half a day just to lounge around and barely get served.笑
It was the funky patio and love of Mexican food that drew me to this restaurant for a drink and food on a gorgeous afternoon. Unfortunately, it was all style and no substance. We ordered pork tacos ($15 for 3 pieces), scallop ceviche ($13), and esquites ($9) a charred corn and queso, lime) with taco chips to scoop. One virgin and one alcoholic beverage. 

Total cost after tax and tip was $68.

The taco shells were dry and hard, the pork didn't have much flavour and oily. The scallop ceviche at $13 was disappointing since it was actually only two small raw scallops on the half shell! $7.50 per scallop! Not even close to what a Mexican ceviche should be. The chips to scoop the esquites were stale - I don't think they even make them on site. The esquites itself only tasted like sweet corn - maybe three kernels were actually char grilled. For the price, you would hope for some flavour and decent portions. 

The drinks were tasty and the only saving grace was the patio. 

For nearly $70 for three food items and one alcoholic and one non-alcoholic drink, I feel it was a total waste of money! 

There are so many more restaurants in Toronto with delicious food!笑
El Catrin is my new fave mexican joint. They make the guacamole right at your table and you can control the spice level. I got the pork tacos (small but tasty!) and my friend got the lobster and shrimp tacos (even better!)

If you don't listen to anything else in this review - PLEASE get the churros. They are amazing. They come to the table hot and with three dipping sauces (strawberry, caramel and a spicy chocolate). I'll definitely be back.笑
Amazing decoration - great ambiance. A Mexican bar - that plays latin music - fun.

Drinks are good & some of them are house mixes & creative. I tried Pepino Diablo - spicy & tasty.
Guacamole & Chips is a must - Taste of fresh avocados is definitely great.
Also tried some Camarones en pulque de tamarindo - which is basically grilled shrimps - amazing.
Baja Tacos: Not a fan - the taste of fish is not good- feels those frozen breaded fish - with taste of oil.

I recommend & Yes - I will come back.笑
My boyfriend and I decided to head to the distillery district for some later dinner at 10 pm. As we walked by El Catrin, I was instantly drawn to the atmosphere of the patio and the Mexican vibe is totally my thing. 
We were seated immediately on the patio, although it was chilly out, the heaters worked amazing and I ended up having my coat off the entire night. The servers also offer blankets which is awesome. 
I was very happy with the alcohol list, it's rare to find Savanna Dry Cider, which made me extremely happy. My boyfriend and I got shots of tequila also, which is a must at a Mexican restaurant. 
It is important to be mindful that this restaurant in only Tapas, so the dishes are small, but still very filling. We immediately got the guacamole which they mash in front of us, and I ordered the vegetarian burritos and my boyfriend the shrimp tacos! Delicious! 
Overall, my experience with El Catrin was great, the server was very friendly and gave my boyfriend and I space, the atmosphere is great, and prices are reasonable. 
Definitely going to be checking out for Cinco de Mayo!笑
FatCat try to give El Catrin 0 stars, but Yelp not let FatCat express how he really feel about this restaurant.  So FatCat forced to give 1 star because he want to write review to warn other other fat cats about bad restaurant.

Things FatCat like
 - Amazing decor and design.

Things FatCat not like
 - Portions
 - Price
 - Food quality (when FatCat compare to price)
 - Hollow people/patrons trying hard to look sophisticated in overpriced restaurant

FatCat hop over to Mill Street brewery for more food after El Catrin, but food at Mill Street so bad that FatCat leave distillery district with no intention to ever return again.

SIDE STORY: FatCat's friend bring wife to El Catrin for date. Douchey business-men at next table try to pick up friend's pregnant wife while friend in washroom.  FatCat suspect this restaurant attract many middle age married... how you say... douche bags.. looking for not just mexican food. FatCat notice many same type people. Lucky for FatCat he not decide to bring classy lady to El Catrin. FatCat not know how he react if douchey business men try to pick up classy lady while FatCat in washroom.笑
While a two-star rating may seem harsh, I feel it's misleading to give three stars and say I had an ok experience. My only two main issues were the lack-lustre service and the small food portion. Their food would probably rate a 4, if not for the meagre portions. El Catrin, as a new restaurant in the area, has a lot of potential to develop into a trendy hangout - that's definitely what they're going for. 

My friends and I came here on Saturday at about 5 p.m. as we were looking for somewhere to catch up and I have just moved in the area. It was really chilly, but the patio is heated, and the ambiance was very upbeat and casual. 

The servers and hosts were wearing full face paint, which was definitely interesting and makes the experience distinguishable from other tapas restaurants, though they only do this every third Saturday of the month. However, shout outs to our server Evan G. for providing truly memorable inattentive service. 

I ordered the raw beef on crispy tortilla, which had great, elevated presentation, and a generous helping of the meat. My only suggestion would be the tortilla chips seemed really delicate and it was a very messy eat. I would have preferred the chips to be more stable/sturdy. I also ordered their house sangria, which tasted good, but I was expecting more fruit. 

We also ordered the Costilla Corta off of the sharing section of their menu, and then kind of just stared out in confusion at the small slab of braised beef short rib in front of us. The meat was very tender and well seasoned and the presentation and plating was impressive, but the portion was really small to be part of their "sharing menu". We had another server bring out three different sauces and explained what each one was. We sat there confused looking on at the other tables with chips wondering if those were complimentary or if we had to specifically request them... or just spoon these sauces into our mouths... 

We eventually asked for the chips ourselves and 30 minutes after sampling our first plate, we were ready to order, but our server Evan was no where to be found. One of my friends mentioned we were looking for our server so we could order more. A host?/staff member said she would find Evan for us, and 15 minutes still no one. We eventually flagged down another server and ordered the grande grac (made with 2 avocados). A staff member made this in front of us, which guaranteed the freshness and was a nice touch. The guac tasted great and was a good spilt between three of us. Evan stopped by (maybe the paint fumes got to him?) and asked us how the guac was. 

My friends were full at this point, and I wanted to order more. Evan was making helpful recommendations, and I would likely have ordered their tacos and a few more drinks, but I decided to call it quits with the subpar service and frequent disappearing acts and head somewhere else. Anyway, the ambiance is spot on, and you'll likely have a good time. This definitely won't be one of my go to places for the summer, as there are tapas places that are just as fun in the city with better service.笑
A wonderful evening was had at El Catrin.  Great atmosphere and layout, delicious food that served in a timely manner all evening, and staff that work as team but resemble a close knit family! Chad, our server, made the night extra fun and for sure this place will now be one of my regular spots to dine.笑
Everything tastes the same. It's a good thing they give you sauces on the side so that everything still tastes the same, at least not bland!

Service is OK, but we received each of our courses twice. We were honest and sent the 2nd set back.

Great patio!!!!!!笑
I would definitely come here for drinks and on a full stomach (not for food).

The server is very honest in saying it's tapas style but tapas and Mexican (spring rolls sized burritos) just isn't my thing. 

I would recommend any of the drinks on the cocktail menu. 

If you do order food, you can't go wrong with the guacamole which is mashed up and done right at your table.笑
Decided to try this place with a friend after hearing good things! Lined up to sit out on the patio and had to wait about 45 minutes to sit. Our server was really friendly and recommended the popular tacos and we ended up getting three different kinds. My favourite would definitely be the baja fish tacos, they were so crunchy! Also had the margaritas, tried the one with watermelon and strawberry, recommended by the server and really enjoyed everything! I will definitely come back!笑
Not really impressed with this place - came here twice for different friends' events and found the portions to be tiny, and overpriced. The food was also just not very good. The decor is really cool, but overall this place just seems to be capitalizing on the 'mexican tapas' trend and charging a lot for very little. Our waitress was also very inattentive, and the chips that came with our guacamole were suuuuuper salty and stale. Won't come here again.笑
Festive outdoor space, excellent cocktails (especially the housemade margaritas), tasty food - but small portions and slow service. Still, worthy of four stars for the fun atmosphere and for the drinks. So many places tout their cocktails these days but few live up to the hype - these exceeded expectations. If you're looking for a leisurely boozy lunch in the Distillery District on a beautiful day, as we were, this is the perfect spot.笑
I've been to El Catrin twice. Unfortunately both times it was a little too cold, but I was determined to sit outside. They have a fire pit right in the middle and also heater above. And you can't miss the giant yellow light fixtures - the patio is gorgeous. And I can't wait to go back on a warmer day. 

The margaritas are the best I've had - ever! Paired with lovely outdoor patio and music, It's just puts you in a great mood! I've tried a few of their menu items and they were all delicious! I wasn't a huge fan of the guacamole (that they make right in front of you!) but it's still pretty delicious. 

A little pricey, and the portions aren't too big. So probably won't recommend going here for dinner... maybe pre/post-dinner snack and/or drink? 

I do recommend that you try this place at least once!笑
Overall, food was good and service poor at our table by the kitchen at lunch. Grasshopper overrated for $9 extra for a handful to go with the guacamole.  Pulled pork with little tacos, ceviche, Mexican brunch items and the desserts delicious. Nice atmosphere indoors on a cool spring day. All good except for our waiter who delivered poor service. Hopefully a different server next time. Recommend Despirados beer flavoured with tequila to wash It all down.笑
I've had a couple great experiences paired with a couple "meh" experiences.

The better experiences is because of their knowledgeable servers...
Randomly stopping by for drinks and went through the whole tequila tasting and sipping experience.. wow, who woulda known you can sip on tequila... and not shots.. at a bar for purpose to get drunk and rowdy.

Another time tried the tasting menu with a few other people and we all enjoyed the 7 course tasting menu. Again helps a lot when the servers are knowledgeable and engaging.

For the one not-so-great moment it might have been the staff's bad night or the warm up squad or the one night the staff found out there's no tip pool or something... It just wasn't anyone's night. BUT... The manager working sensed displeasure amongst the guests and he comped a round of drinks. 
Kudos. He saved a star for this review.笑
The ambiance of the restaurant is very cozy, they have nice comfy couches with tones of pillows which give this restaurant a comfortable cozy/romantic feel. 

If you can handle spice, I say go to this restaurant. For me, the food was just too spicy. I had 2 tequilas and guacamole with pita chips. The added bonus is that they make guacamole right in front of you and it is the best guacamole I have ever had, it's so fresh! (But very spicy). I requested if they can go easy on the habanero peppers in the tequila and guacamole but, apparently they don't do that. So, I recommend this place if you can handle your spice!笑
We had dinner in the dining room and generally enjoyed our meal. We ordered guacamole to start which was prepared table-side. It came with thick cut tortilla chips which were quite tasty. The guac was a decent sized serving and good though nothing special. 

I ordered the crab and lobster tacos while my wife ordered mushroom tacos. Each order comes with 3 tacos and the whole menu seems geared to sharing. The crab and lobster tacos were quite good with generous amounts of crab and lobster. My wife enjoyed the mushroom tacos but found that the mushrooms somewhat overpowered everything else in the taco. 

The highlight were the churros served with caramel, chocolate sauce and strawberry sauce. The strawberry sauce in particular was refreshingly fresh and my clear favourite of the three sauces.笑
Patio is awesome. Came here with some friends for dinner and I don't know why some people say there are nasty servers. We had the best server named brook. Super friendly and helpful when choosing what to order. Had a great experience.笑
The food is very good but the pricing is pretty nuts. Portions are tiny. I spent over $40 and left still hungry. I don't mean I wasn't full I mean I felt like I hadn't eaten since lunch and could go for some dinner. I am not a big guy, I weigh about 180 & am 5'10 so I should have been more than satiated spending that kind of money but their portions are bite sized (OK fine, maybe 2 bites!). For the purposes of this review I am just going to deal with the food not the drinks.

I went here a while back (August 25, 2013 & I am writing this on December 9) but I still remember my thoughts on it and used the pictures I took as a reference. I was reminded to write this when a friend suggested going there for dinner this week and I remembered I wasn't super impressed with the place when I went in the summer and now I recall why. (And I have refused the invitation to go there again with my friends.)

The 2 dishes I got were the Sopes which according to the menu at the time are "Fresh corn tortilla stuffed with black bean puree, pulled chicken, salsa verde, lettuce, queso fresco" and Pez Espana A La Parilla which the menu described as "grilled swordfish with guacamole yucateco, plantain tostones & salsa." They seem to have since been edited on the menu I saw on the website which I took a look at before I wrote this review but they seem to be mostly the same. (One of the menus clearly has/had typos.)

While both dishes were very good in terms of flavor and freshness the portions, as I mentioned were downright lilliputian. I checked the ensure I hadn't ordered off of the kiddie menu. In fact, the Pez Espana A La Parilla is listed under "Especialidades de la Casa" (House Specialties) so one would assume they were main courses and at least somewhat filling but it was not, not at all.

I wrestled with what to give El Catring in terms of stars and decided on 2 since all the wait staff were personable, nice, and helpful with all the Spanish terminology on the menu. The service, I was reminded by my friends who were there corrected me was so bad 2 people in our group wrote El Catrin a letter about how disappointed they were! They served chicken to a known vegetarian (it had been mentioned when ordering). The food was good there just wasn't near enough of it. I felt like it was a sampling, I've had appetizers which were bigger than their House Specialty which I assume means it is a main course. 

I'd recommend staying away from here unless you're planning on spending a ton of money or are trying to impress a date/client with how much money you're willing to blow on them.笑
I'm writing an update to make clear that Rik, despite his public comments expressing shock and disappointment at (dozens of) diners' experiences, is just being patronizing and disingenuous, and does not seem to genuinely care to improve anything.笑
Their Baja Fish Tacos are Great
If you want to sit in the patio, you have to at least take a look at the inside decorations.. beautiful笑
The first time I have heard of this place was when my coworker would rave about it endlessly. He says so many great things about this place and he always recommended people to go here.  I swear, he was paid to fully endorse this place.  It wasn't until almost 2 years later when I tried it for myself.

I went here for our company  dinner and I'm glad they took us here.  I could never afford this place on my own.  I mean, I could, but I'd probably not eat out for the entire year, ok maybe not that bad, but it'll definitely put a dent on my monthly budget.  They're pricey and the thing is, it's such a small portion.  They're basically all appetizer sizes.  But, for that small portion, ya it was heaven.

I really like their guacamole.  It was fresh.  It was tastey.  When we went here, our boss just told the waiter to bring whatever they thought was good, so the food just kept coming and it was always a surprise.  Everything was so flavourful and tasted fresh.  There was not a single thing that came out that we didn't like, it was more like a preference over the other.

I don't have any special critique over the food itself, because it was overall yum.  You basically can't go wrong with any order you take.  The interior of this place is unique and beautiful and that alone is worth your money.  I'd say if you want to impress your date, take him/her here.笑
Came for drinks and dinner on a tues night, sat at bar as the tables were all booked.  Nice bartender, good service and knowledgable on food.  

Food was good, small portions - that is their 'thing' - tapas bar and all but with regular entree pricing. 

Guacamole was solid, fish tacos good, lamb very nice.  

Overall good food, good service, average value.笑
When I came the first time I wasn't super impressed. It was just okay. the atmosphere and service were great but there wasn't anything special about our food. I returned with a group of friends on a Saturday night and they won me over. We did the tasting menu. I tend to be boring with my order (which is my own fault), so I don't think I would have ordered any of the things brought out to us. It was a delicious salad, pumpkin dip, watermelon tuna ceviche, a couple tacos, churros and it came with braised short rib, but because we also added the guacamole we couldn't  possibly get it down. They offered us a shot and some coffee, which wasn't expected but very much appreciated. Would return a thousand times over for that menu, but probably not again if it were just for tacos.笑
Everything we ordered arrived at our table warm-ish. Service was mediocre. Asked for no cilantro, every single thing we ordered had cilantro garnish all over it.. So clearly they didn't care about our preferences. Food was alright- I've had better from a cheap taco truck in an alley in LA. Basically you're paying for the pretty decor and ambiance. If you don't care about impressing your friends with decor etc, better off going to have some awesome authentic Mexican food at King's Tacos on St Clair.笑
We went for brunch today to celebrate mothers day. The food had great flavor, but just like most Mexican restaurants in Toronto, a lot of items are a la carte. Being from California spoils it for me. My mother in law and I both ordered Chilaquiles. I assumed  (never assume!), that because Chilaquiles is mostly carbs - tortilla chips with salsa verde, that they would throw in some black beans like most places do.  Again- my fault, as it didn't state that on the menu. We got the chilaquiles and I was sad because there was nothing but a big plate of chips with salsa verde with sprinkled cheese- very little. Luckily I asked for an egg  (extra charge for that ), but my mother in law is vegetarian and doesn't eat whole egg. I asked for a side of black refried beans and that wasn't on the menu so they said they would give me bean paste. By the time I got it I was full so I asked to pack my stuff to go.  $12.00 for chilaquiles with nothing. That really sucks :(  What really gets to me is that I don't think that their food is all organic to be that expensive. I'm sure the rent it high, but come on, a little bit of black beans on the side or 2 eggs is not going to kill your business. It's supposed to be a  brunch item!  Be a true Mexican restaurant and stuff peoples faces the mexican way.  Lol . I don't mind small portions,  just give me a little bit of everything.  The latino way!笑
I went to El Catrin with a small group of friends to celebrate a birthday. Overall, I had a really positive experience. 

Decor/Atmosphere: There is large outdoor patio and indoor dining room. Both spaces are visually really fun with a great vibe. Everything from the black light mural to the sugar skulls and massive light fixtures make for a really cool atmosphere. 

Service: Service was great. Waitresses were friendly, informative and provided some helpful suggestions. Food arrived at a great pace. 

Food: The food is "tapas style", so the portions are smaller for sharing. We started with the guac and chips. From there, my friends got the oyster ceviche. For the mains, friends got the Carne Asada El Catrin, Pipian Poblano, Mini Pollo Burrito, and I ordered Mini Vegetarian Burritos and Tostones Vegetarianos.  we loved everything, except for the mini veg burritos. Those were a little bland and just weren't that tasty. We all tried it, and none of of liked it. The meal ended with churros on on the house for my friends birthday. They included a "Happy Birthday" chocolate, which was a nice touch. The churros were SO good. 

Drink:  We had 3 different cocktails: Cuban Mojito, Fuego Sandia (watermelon fire) and Hibisco Rosa (Hibiscus Rose). All were delicious and had great balance of flavours. 

Price: With all the items listed above (minus the birthday churros and veg burritos - they graciously removed them from the bill since we barely ate it) , the total came to about $185 including tip. 

Overall: Had a fantastic experience and would highly recommend as a friends night out or date spot. I will definitely be returning :)笑
First time here and we will be back.  The quality of food is top notch.  Albeit, you should be prepared to order 2 or 3 dishes to make up a full meal (all the better, as you can try even more of the amazing food).  The margaritas are great but expensive, I would order individual and not pitchers.   We had lots of ice in the pitchers, would have liked more marg....obviously!   Overall I was pleasantly surprised by the value for a downtown restaurant, I was expecting to pay more.   I had confit tacos, and a few amazing appetizers they waiter suggested for me.  They did not disappoint!

The only downside to this restaurant is how busy it is, we celebrated a birthday with a large group and we had a great time, but as the organizer the restaurant is not very easy to deal with.   We managed to not have a set menu.  If we had to do a set menu, we would have cancelled reservation.    I won't get into specifics, but they definitely had the attitude they didn't need our business.

I have already suggested to friends who were not with us, and look forward to our next visit (on a much emptier stomach...)笑
El Catrin atmosphere is amazing was astonished by the decor. 
Their margaritas are delicious and they have all different flavours as well. 
Had to try the cricket tacos since they were a special. Grey flavour but couldn't get over the fact that they were crickets. Haha 
Got the lobster and shrimp taco that was delicious but rich. 
Also tried that lamb and pineapple taco - the flavour was okay but the tacos because so soggy right as the server but them on the table. I barely ate them, however she was nice enough to not even add them on our bill.笑
This has become one of my favourite Mexican restaurants. The menu is so authentic and service is amazing EVERY time we are there. I've been for both lunch and dinner. The dinner menu is a little different as they offer more tapas items. 

Tableside guacamole is always good. Last time we ordered the corn on the cob, crab cakes, fish tacos, and a pulled pork dish with plantain. Everything was amazing. I also asked the waitress for a drink recommendation and she did not disappoint. We've wanted to go to other places when we go to the Distillery District, but this place is too good to pass up since we're only there every once in a while. 

A must try if you are ever in the area.笑
My extremely disappointing experience with this place pushed me to write my first yelp review. So I've been seeing pictures of this place and hearing many good things about it, and I finally decided to check it out. I was disappointed in both service (an overcharge) and the food. The only reason I gave this place 1 star was for the decor and atmosphere. The decor is amazing: beautiful murals, interesting bar architecture and unique lighting. The atmosphere was very upbeat, which was a plus. What made this a bad experience for me was the food and service. 

My opinion on the food could be bias because I don't usually like onions and spices, but this specific complaint is towards the tortilla itself. My friend's tacos were okay (he got shrimp and lobster), and the tortilla was fine. My tortillas on the other hand were horrible. I got the pulled chicken tacos and it was torturous to eat them. I gave 2 to my friend to finish for me, and he could barely get through them too. The tortillas were soggy and fell apart instantly. It also had a weird undercooked taste to it, with a sandy consistency. It definitely did not taste right.   

I went tonight (Wednesday night) and the waitress was friendly but she failed to inform us about several things... First, she got us to order chips & dip without telling us our meal already came with its own chips & dip. That's not that big of a deal, but this is what made me upset - we got charged $7 for FLAT water. WATER??? Seriously? What she specifically asked was "can I get you water? Tap, still or sparkling?" Maybe it was my ignorance for not realizing "still" meant bottled/branded water, but I just assumed "still" meant filtered, or regular water... Who pays $7 for literally normal water? I am a major foodie and have been to countless restaurants that do not charge for still water. Not to mention she didn't even tell us the water wasn't free (and it wasn't on the menu) so we were surprised to see $7 on the receipt at the end. Horrible food and sketchy service. I was shocked by this negative experience and it honestly ruined any shred of positivity that I felt from this restaurant.笑
This place is garbage. I get it, you're a big place but that's no excuse for poor service and food. Feels like a tourist trap. Guacamole is decent, drinks are ok,the rest is a mess. If you are in the distillery, do yourself a favour and spend your money elsewhere.笑
I feel like my experience was very unique to our circumstance, but I still wasn't all that impressed.

We came to have some brunch and sat on the patio. It was a beautiful day, and would have been nice to sit on the patio with a beverage. Notice my tense: would have. We sat down and literally waited 15 minutes before I had to flag down the hostess that seated us to get a server! Eventually the manager came by to give us water and take our order. Apparently, there was a mix up on who's table it was... Not cool. 

Food ended up being just okay. I got the Huevos Cazuela, and my friends got the Huevos Placero and Baja Tacos. All three were just okay. Mediocre taste, small portions, and nothing all that special. My friend got a mojito as well, and said that it felt over minted...

However, my mood was already ruined with the lack of service at the beginning, and they didn't really make up for it afterwards in my opinion. A free drink or appetizer would have been nice... However, our server did try her best. And I do like that they learn and remember your names. 

Probably won't be back here though. Nothing special, and there are plenty of other restaurants in the district that I haven't yet been to.