I didn't even eat there. I was in the neighborhood and decided to try out something new since I noticed Mediterranean Grill there before. Right when I walked in it felt cold and all people, including the customers, just stared. The worker just walked by me as I stood there for a few minutes and didn't even bother to address me. While I was waiting in the front to the order, the guy in back of the counter just stared at me and turned around--again didn't bother to greet or help me. I waited another minute or two and no one still attempted to help me or greet me. With that kind of cold reception, I didn't want to give them my business and walked out!Ǿ
A little AC would be nice in here. They have a little TV and the owner was clearly training a younger kid on the cash register and what food came with each order.

It is a very simple place to go in, grab a bite to eat, and jet.Ǿ
OK, this place pissed me off.

It wasn't the average, unremarkable Kronos-brand gyros sandwich that set me off,

It was the fact that they refer to it on their menu as a doner-kebab. Which, if you've ever been to the Spanish Mediterranean, is nowhere near the same thing.

I drove halfway across town thinking I was going to get what I had in Spain and had been craving ever since my return. Instead I got the exact same gyros that everyone else in town has.

Stop breaking my heart. Just call it a gyros, dude.Ǿ
Being half Turkish and eating at this place is really good, I think the prices could be a little more friendly but it could have gotten better since I last went. Its far drive for me but when I do go I enjoy it.

And also to Jay F. the reason they dont call it Gyro is because its a Turkish Grill not a Greek grill, Turks call it Doner. SO I suggest to stop being so bitter and not compare it to some dish you had in Spain from when you go to a Turkish establishment from Turkish people cooking Turkish dishes, most likely what you ate in SPAIN is no where near authentic as this place. NOW GO TO TURKEY THEN YOU CAN COMPARE UNTIL THEN PIPE IT DOWN.Ǿ
Here's the Quickie:

Service - 5 stars
Food - 3 stars (doner gyro sandwich), 3.5 stars (chicken kebab plate), 5 stars (the amount of food they give you), 5 stars (freshness and good quality)
Ambience - 4 stars (clean and simple restaurant)
Overall - 4 stars for a local joint

I typed this up while I was waiting...
Ordered take out. Said it'll take about 15 minutes. Next time I'll call ahead. I'm sitting here waiting and salivating at the same time. The food smells great. The guys next door from auto shop seem like regulars. Said hello to the owner and picked up their food. 

I ordered the doner gyro sandwich for $6.95 and for the lunch special it comes with fries and a soda. I also ordered a small chicken kebab plate for $8.95 which comes with rice or fries. I realized that they forgot to ask me which one I wanted, I really hope they give me rice since I'm getting fries already. Also, there are no fountain drinks, it's canned. Don't forget to pick it up in the fridge!

It seems like they are working on a large deliveries thus the wait. I like the "dude" feel of this place. The cook/owner(?) just abruptly asked me if I wanted everything on my doner. (But when I was walking out, he held the door open for me too. What a cool guy! AND they apologized for the delay.)

Conclusion...
I definitely like the quality of the food. The lettuce is super fresh, the food is grilled on the spot, and the chicken kebab was white meat! The steak fries are tasty too. I wish there was more "Turkish flavor", I felt like the food was too mild. I think this place can get 5 stars if they create a special recipe or sauce that punches my face with some flavor. I'll definitely go back for some chicken and fresh vegetables!

FYI: Also, on their menu it states that the hours are 10:30am-8:30pm. There are no other signs posted on their doors.Ǿ
Decided to swing by while in the area. Tucked in the little strip mall of the intersection. Outdoor seating accommodated with several tables. While MG is in a small suite in a strip mall, I noticed an attempt to make it a little spruced up than just being any ordinary grill eatery. Tables have menus spread out on them for easy viewing, and there's about 5-7 tables in there with 4 seats each that are of good size.

The guy who helped me was friendly and instantly provided a menu soon as I walked in. Menu has a number of cold and hot appetizers, salads, sides, soups, and full meals. I went with the zucchini cakes to accommodate my meat free diet. They were good, could have used more kick in the seasoning because it tasted as if it were "missing something". They're considered a hot appetizer and were a little on the lower end of the lukewarm side. Goes well with the dipping sauce and the lettuce and tomato in addition. Was no small meal, but filling without overindulgence.

The service was great, the guy even checking back on me. They also have organic bottled tea! Willing to give this place a shot again in the future with my Yelp deal to explore other plates. The 3 stars are for the food, but service is definitely 4.5 (the factor that's saving this place for a return)