They were at about 60 percent full while we were waiting for our food. Server was fast got us our drinks and took our order. 45 minutes later she came and apologized for the long wait and told us the food was just starting to be prepared. We almost walked out adder waiting another 20 minutes. The food arrived and the pasta was dry and hard, the carbonara was overly salty and risotto was mediocre and definitely not worth the price. The server apologized and that was it. The excuse was that two of the cooks called in sick, but we should have been notified when ordering.


There are other restaurants with better products, especially considering the price at Alice fazoolis.笑
Amongst a slew of "box" restaurants in this busy area of Richmond Hill, Alice is a stand out. It is very close to the highway, making it easily accessible from both the north and south. The decor is nothing to write home about, but it is a chain restaurant we're talking about. 

The service was quick and friendly. Our server almost had bread on the table before we even sat down! Which was very much welcome after a long day of animal watching at the zoo. I think we went through two bread baskets before even order and we asked for one more before our meal came. My friend was kind enough to share the ancient grain salad (grilled chicken, farro, apple, toasted almonds, fresh greens, grapes, cider vinaigrette) and the short rib ravioli (pasta stuffed with braised short rib, basil pesto, grated Grana Padano, tomato emulsion). Both dishes were winners, but if there was a fight to the death, the ancient grain salad would win! Surprise! The ravioli put up a good fight and was definitely delicious in a cheesy, meaty, carb-filled way. However, the salad had great balance, with the farro still having a great bite to it and the apples and grapes adding some nice sweetness. it was just a great salad, and I am not normally a salad person. This might change things for me now though, I'd suggest giving it a try!笑
Good Italian food in a juxtapose atmosphere of old and modern. My fish was done perfectly and the vodka sauce was quite the compliment.笑
I usually don't like eating at Chain restaurants, because I don't find them usually that good like Milestone, The Keg, Canyon Creek or this place. I find that they just charge premium price but the food is definitely not worth it.

I would say here the food price is standard price compared to a jack astor or milestone, but becuz of location this place stands out more.

The hostess there look nice, and our server looks like a young high school kid. We waited a while before receiving bread which is a small baguette dinner roll shape where you can dip with olive oil roasted garlic (nice).

Started off with their Fritto Misto which has fried mushroom, calamari, shrimp. Although indicating good for sharing, I felt the portion was not that big, and its not that good. But the sauce was nice which was like sweet chili sauce. My bro got the meatball which is tasty and you get 2 good sized balls!

Their Pina Colada is not that good. I got their Pappadelle Bolognese. The pasta was cooked good, but the bolognese look and probably tasted like dog food. I can make something like this dish better at home. I was informed that the Chicken Marsala is good, but it looked okay only.

Next time, I will not come to these joints!笑
I'm not sure if it was the -20 degrees that was keeping people away when I went, but don't let the emptiness on a cold day fool you, Alice has beautiful interior design, spacious seating in the dinning room and bar area, and decent food for a franchise. What's I remember most from my visit about he establishment is the awesome service I received: the waitress was friendly, cool and kind. She gave us the time we need to decide on the menu and brought the food out in a timely manner. The hostess was awesome too, she let me pick where I want to sit: I didn't want to sit in the dinning room with everyone else, I preferred a booth in the bar area with a window. There wasn't many people in the bar area, which gave me and my friend the privacy and peace we wanted at a public restaurant.

What amuses me is Alice's dedication to it's Italian origins: instead of music, they have a tape that teaches you Italian playing in the washroom.

I would most def come back to this Alice location for more fun times and ok food. They have a good variety in their menu, some even vegan friendly, I was more or less satisfied, but I wasn't too impressed with their pizza, but that was probably my fault for asking them to make it cheeseless: it was a tad too dry for me. BUT their house salad was good: fresh and crisp, AND washed, just the way salads are supposed to be!笑
Very average restaurant and really just overpriced for the quality.  They give you free bread to start which comes out hot so that's nice.  I had the Calamari Fritti as an app which wasn't bad.  For my main I had the Mediterranean pizza - Grilled zucchini, eggplant, mozzarella, roasted red pepper, tomato, red onion, olives, San Marzano tomato sauce, fresh oregano.  Nothing special, just a regular thin crust pizza and it came out kind of cold.  On the plus side it came with a side salad :)

Ended with Ciambelle -Deep fried dough, sugar dusted, chocolate hazelnut sauce.  The sauce was really good for dipping the donuts, i basically cleaned the small cup it came in.  Also had the Cheesecake -Mascarpone, Amaretto, hazelnut crust, mixed berry compote.  This was a bit dense for my liking.  Note that it is MASSIVE and I would recommend sharing it with at least 2 other people!笑
Good place for an event, has a separate area for a group of 30-50, good for showers, birthdays etc. Nice atmosphere, a rustic feel, really good service. Came here for baby shower. Friendly greeter at reception, excellent attentive servers, got us tea and coffee before the food came. 

For appetizer had bruschetta, it got a bit cold when it came, but the presentation is really nice and it's tasty. Main entree I got is a grilled chicken and beets salad. Fresh salad greens with walnuts and dried cranberries. Goat cheese was creamy and delicious even though I don't usually like goat cheese. Came with pickled beets and fried beets, I'm not a fan of beets so naturally I didn't like the pickled ones. The grilled chicken was a bit dry and cold. Overall the food was okay, nothing special, seems like fresh ingredients but just not freshly prepared. The service was okay but servers were sometimes awkward. Washrooms are nice and super clean!笑
I don't frequent Alice Fazoolis as often as I used to, but things are pretty much as good as they used to be.

The prices have gone up slightly (inflation) and some things on the menu have changed over the years, but overall, its still quite good!

One of the best things about Alice is that the bread they give you is some of the best. Ever. I dont even like bread that much usually, and I will hands down eat this bread. Unfortunately, the server didn't bring us any, and we forgot to ask as well, so we missed out on some last night . Learn from my mistakes!!!

As for wine, Alice has a bottle of Pinot Grigio that is quite good for only $26. (Used to be cheaper, but still worth it with a couple friends!) 

For the food, we had Spinach & Artichoke Dip, Veal Parmesan, and Prosciutto Arugula Pizza. These are dishes we hadn't tried on previous visits and were all very good. The dip was flavourful without being heavy, which is wuitw a feat when making a dip that includes cheese! Veal was cooked just right, with pasta and beans on the side. The pixza was flawless, as the two ingredients mingled together well on a super thin crust to make it gourmet!

Service is always pretty good with attentive staff who are friendly and super quick. Minus the lack of bread (last night), a good night out!笑
This restaurant is a pretty good Italian restaurant.

Ambiance - I liked the Ambiance, it was a little bit loud, but we managed to get a booth which a little bit off in a corner - even though the restaurant was full.

Service - The Service was pretty decent, the wait staff was friendly, decently attentive without being overbearing

Food - The food was ok, it was not stand out in a way which would make it receive a higher score. In terms of food it was pretty much your run of the mill Italian restaurant, no better than say - Olive Garden. I went here because I wanted Gnocchi and they didn't have it. I was disappointed :(

I would suggest this as a place to go with your family, however, I wouldn't go very far out of my way to go to this establishment again.笑
Great place to go for the daily deals, food/drinks are ok for the price.

Mascorpone cheesecake is to die for.笑
Good for a decent dinner or with a group of friends when no one wants to spend too much.  Chillax place, sometimes theres a live singer.笑
We went here as my SD's choice, I probably would have pulled out my trusty yelp app and chosen an Indy place.

The  Calamari was a little mushy, not so good for my preferences, so I  wouldn't do that one again.

I liked my  pizza ( no sauce, sausage, local artisan mozzarella, arugula, and a dash of lemon) I would have preferred a bit more lemon, but not a bad pizza.

My husband thought his pasta was just so-so and didn't have enough sauce.

The space is very Big, airy, open, but dark. You get the same service and menu in the lounge/bar as the restaurant, so what's the difference? The LOUD music.

I think the place gets a very average average, but I keep reading here about the good bread that comes with the meal, and we weren't given any so -1 star.笑
STAY AWAY FROM THE PIZZA, TAKE UR MONEY AND RUN TO Mamma's pizza or pizza pizza or something !!!!!!!!
The pizza was basicaly a large cracker with no sauce no cheese and very little toppings and half the pizza is crust!!!! I dont know why every place that calls it self a italian resturant decided to put no cheese and sauce or toppings on the pizza, trying to be fancy or something. 
14 dollers for a personal pizza which half of it had no cheese or sauce or toppings, basically crust!!! Call me crazy  but u can get way way better pizza at local fast food pizza places which charge much less and put toppings on there pizza. 

I would not recommend this place to anyone!!!!笑
Our server was Casey and we were treated like royalty. He came by numerous times to make sure everything was okay. We ordered shrimp pasta and the margharita pizza, along with the newest salad they had on the menu. The food was amazing and all thanks to our server we were able to order the best items. 

Would definitely come back.笑
Great place for a big group. We came here for a friend's bday  and had a nice spacious dining area (could prob fit 12). Good also for families with young children/toddlers. Lots of stroller space. They were ok with us bringing a cake for the birthday girl... for which i was grateful.

Our waitress was just average. She checked on us once and filled our waters once... but most of the time they were almost always empty. Maybe it's cuz none of us ordered alcoholic beverages and it was not worth her time.

Otherwise, our dinner was alright. I had the chicken risotto. I thought the rice was only slightly watery but it was delish! I don't mind coming here again.笑
The last time I came here, I had an amazing experience where the waiter made sure that we were happy with our food and that we lacked nothing.

The food was good and the service was great, therefore I will be back for sure!笑
First and foremost.... I hadn't been to this restaurant for a few years now... And it has gotten a lot worst than i had imagine.... I ordered chicken penne a la vodka... The chicken was not cut in proper portions, it looked as it it was hand shredded.... It was dry... The sauce was flavorless... There were spaghetti in my plate even though its chicken penne. Thats just sloppiness. I don't mean to  fuss but I'm paying 20 dollar for this simple dish, the least I expect is a little care in my food....

Plus, I saw one of the chef making salad out of a plastic bag, I'm old fashion, I cant say I am extremely comfortable having my salad shaken in a plastic bag.... Even fast fresh don't do that....

I'm never coming back笑
The mark of a good restaurant is not necessarily its size but the quality of food.  The food was below par and overpriced.  My boyfriend ordered the Sirloin Steak rare, it was overcooked, inedible.   Would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.笑
I went to Alice Fazoolis with some co-workers for dinner. This restaurant is a bit on the expensive side for what they offer but the food was not bad tasting at all. The decor is very good and the service is efficient. The seating/dining area is spacious and is partitioned to suit the taste of clientele. There are big-screen TVs for those who want to follow a game and then quite nooks for those who'd like to be more cozy. I ordered some ravioli and it was very tasty but a price tag of $23 is not quiet justified. A good restaurant to go for the ambiance and decor if you don't mind spending around $55 per person (entree, dessert, wine, espresso, tip, taxes).笑
I was there on a Saturday night and I thought the there should be a wait. So my friend said he made a reservation.  Too bad they said no but can sit me right away.  I ordered a salad and my friend ordered a masala chicken with a salad side.  
My salad and my friend's main was great. Chicken in both our dishes were BCE and moist.  But my friends salad side has a couple huge pieces which it's a bit not professional.  But overall it's great.笑
One of my Favorite Italian restaurant. Seafood pasta is very delicious.笑
I went here with my family the other night. We got parmesan chicken bites for a starter, and they were quite good. I would love to make them myself at home! For my main meal, I got the red snapper and it was a bit dry. I normally get salmon when I get fish at a restaurant, so it was just different for me getting the snapper. My husband got the sirloin steak and it was also overdone - he ordered medium-rare but got medium-well done. My son got the kids menu raviolis and he really liked them. He also loved that they have little Italian words to learn on the menu and wants to learn Italian now :-)笑
This restaurant is the very definition of "A-OK."

There is nothing that stands out about this place--average flavours, average portions, average service and average ambiance (for the price range)... all tied together by above average prices.

I cannot fault anything about this place, but I also never have any cravings for this place either.  It is one of those places you end up going because it is someone's birthday, or a work function.  

The dish I had was the angel hair pasta with shrimp, in garlic/herb/oil sauce.. with some basil & tomatoes thrown in.  The pasta was a bit over cooked, so was the shrimp--not so great texture, but the flavours were pretty good.

Canadian operated Italian chain restaurants are so bad compared to the American ones... what more can I say?  It is better than East Side Mario's--but much much worse than Maggiano's. or Carrabba's.笑
Food was okay but each time I've been here, I've been either not greeted or simple just not seated at all. Twice, we've actually just seated ourselves because no one came and the server just said, sit in there and I'll come find you. Terrible. What the heck do their hostess do??? I've come to them multiple times and it's happened each time.笑
I had arrived for a dinner with family on a Saturday night to eat at Alice Fazooli's for the first time ever. The decor is extremely nice and the menu is well described. Each dish on the menu. Is worded to make a person who is hungry want to try everything. 

Our waiter was extremely nice and helpful with eveything from asking how the meal was to refilling drinks and packing meals at the end.

I had ordered the Baked Carbonara, and I must say, beware this dish. The dish is extremely salty and the bacon in the carbonara pasta doesn't help the salty taste. It was difficult finishing the second half of the dish. Good service but very disappointing food.笑
Didn't come to this chain for years.  

The Garden salad is fresh. The Seafood Fettuccine has shrimp, scallops, mussels, roasted red peppers, spinach, green onions, tomato sauce at $20.28.  The sauce mixed with all the seafood makes it a delightful dish.  The Chicken Penne Alla Vodka
with Basil in tomato vodka cream sauce is good but I still like the Seafood Fettuccine.  We did not order the pizza but is very tempted next time when we visit as it has a very nice fire oven.  The dish size is large.

One of the daily special catches our eyes.  It is a wonderful deal for $60 Family Feast for Four. Includes: 2 Apps, 2 Entrees, 2 Kids Meals & Desserts, 1 Dessert.  You can choose from the followings:
APPS: Large Caeser, Parmesan Chicken Bites, Crispy Ravioli, Classic Bruschetta
ENTRÉES: Penne Arrabiatta, Baked Penne Carbonara, Chicken Parmesan, Tuscan Salad with chicken, Italian Burger, Tilapia
DESSERT: Cannoli
and any 2 kids meals including dessert.笑
I just finished playing some volleyball and was looking to get some drinks and food. I decided why not give Alice Fazooli's a try. We were seated and began to look at the drink menu. A little pricier than other places and they didn't even have drink specials on any day except for Thursday. I ended up splitting a pitcher of Rickard's Red Beer with a friend and sharing a pitcher of Rosso Sangria (red). I know splitting 2 pitcher would mean that I was going to have a great night. Boy was I right!!! I got a bit of munchies and decided it was time to eat. I ordered the Grilled Chicken & Avocado sandwich with a Caesar Salad. The food and drinks were great. The service was good up until the server forgot to change the channel to Hockey when my friend asked him. We sat there for about 20 minutes and then we realized that he forgot about it. "Sooooo.....Hockey's not on??" He finally put it on. But overall a decent night. Jimstar out!!!笑
Wonderful service! The waiters/waitresses were very friendly. The food came to our table in less than 10 minutes! The food is quite cheap as well.

I've come by a few times now.  I thoroughly recommend any of their pizzas, the seafood fettucini, their pennes, or chicken risotto.  However, was not a fan of the shrimp angel hair pasta.

For dessert, i had the marscapone cheesecake - which was rich and delicious.  However, make sure you have someone to share it with you, or it will be too much.  

For drinks/cocktails, I really enjoyed the Dolce Diva - a mix of Smirnoff Orange Vodka, triple sec, fresh orange, lime and cranberry juices.  It was absolutely delicious and the sugar coating on the martini glass was a great extra touch to it.笑
Had a horrid experience last week when I was there. The server's attitude wasn't professional, dropped our plates and glass hard onto our table. It just felt like he didn't care at all. I ordered the chicken fettuccine and it was sub par. Never going back here again.笑
Food was good, I was pleasantly surprised.  The dessert was fantastic, authentic and probably the best cannoli ever, and I'm Italian!!  I was with a friend who had a wheat allergy and they were able to accommodate.笑
I'm not a huge fan of Italian food... I don't see the big deal about it all. I do know good pasta, I've had it home made, home cooked, delivered, taken out, etc etc. I went here for lunch with my firm's partners (after passing the UFE. everyone should know. I'm a big deal! hehe) around 1230 and we ordered the calamari and bruschetta appetizers and I had the Veal Parmigiana. It came with two LONG pieces of boiled carrot, two LONG pieces of boiled broccoli (where do you even get such long pieces...), some linguini and the veal with cheese and sauce on top obviously. Nothing impressed me... the veggies weren't salty at all, no flavor. At least boil it with a chicken cube or something!
The veal was slightly dry and not juicy inside AT ALL. The pasta was very very very bland. MEH. 

The bruschetta was ok but the bread was a little dry and there wasn't enough cheese! and you have to make it yourself....so I have to be purposely "modest" with how much I put on my piece. Tsk tsk... the calamari were pretty good! The dipping sauce was delish.

I don't think I would come here again, unless someone is paying for me. Again.笑
Great atmosphere go here with the girls. Staff was amazing. Food has been great everytime. Had the chicken marsala was great!笑
I've been pretty happy with the food and service at Alice Fazooli's. It's par for the course with the several other restaurants in this plaza.

Italian food + wine. Gotta love it.

I recommend:
+Tuscan Tenderloin: It's a goooood piece 'o meat.
+Whichever fish is on their seasonal menu. I was quite pleased with mine.

I (half) recommend:
Chicken Risotto: I've had it twice. The first time I ordered it, the risotto was a little "dry"(?). The second time I ordered it, I was much more pleased. Creamy and rich like it's supposed to be.

Other notes:
Parking is tough around here even though it's a shopping center. Don't get frustrated though. People are going in and out at all times.笑
WORST restaurant ever. Do yourself a favor and do not come here. I've been several times (not by choice) and each time the food was worse than the last time, if that's even possible. 

I came for a bday and we waited for over 30 mins to order and another hr before the appetizers came out. The bruschettas came out, which I had ordered and they were confused who the 3rd one was for and brought it back to the kitchen. I had to complain after 30 mins that I hadn't received it while everyone else was finished theirs. After informing them that I hadn't received my bruschetta the waitress came back with an excuse that because I hadn't ordered a main course they were going to bring it with the main courses. This was obviously an excuse as they had originally brought it out and therefore made it as an appetizer. Not once did I or anyone receive an apology for having to wait to order, receive our food or for any of the countless mix ups. 

The birthday girl's appetizer was brought and left in an empty seat at the table and we had to ask around to find out it was hers. There were several more mix ups and the service continued to be slow with some people finished their main courses before others even received theirs. 

I have never in my life had such terrible service. If the food had been amazing, I would be more forgiving but the food was atrocious. My boyfriend's salad had almost no dressing and consisted of 2 pieces of lettuce. The chicken bites were clearly frozen and were soggy like they were microwaved. My friends pizza was burnt and extremely salty. My bruschetta was rock hard and the tomatoes had no flavor. It tasted like a garlicky brick.

We were lucky enough to get separate receipts, however the tip was already added very discreetly on people's individual receipts, which I and everyone else had never seen before (parties of 6+ ppl on one receipt usually have tip added). As a result, many people tipped on top of their receipt and weren't given back the extra money they unknowingly tipped. 

I have never in my life had such terrible service. If the food had been amazing, I would be more forgiving but the food was atrocious. Any of the other restaurants in the plaza would be infinitely better. Do not waste your time or money.笑
Been here a handful of times, I don't have much to say.  Every time I come here, it's just okay.  The ambience of the restaurant is nice, dimly lit, and it's an open concept kitchen so you get to see your food cooked in front of you.  For the most part, if they aren't too busy, you are greeted and usually seated right away.  I am usually seated in the booth seats, which are more comfortable and my preferred preference anyway.  I came here for lunch one time with a friend and had one of their sandwiches, which I thought was okay. Nothing special or spectacular about it.  I've also tried their Shrimp Angel Hair (Sautéed shrimp, roasted grape tomatoes and garlic, white wine, salsa verde).  I was actually a fan of this dish, surprisingly.  I've also come here another time for drinks and had their Rosso Sangria which is probably one of the best Sangria's I've had.  The first time I got the pitcher of Sangria, we had fresh fruits and ice in our cups.  But the second time we got the pitcher, we had a couple cubes of ice and little to none fresh fruits.  This is a big no-no for me as I like to have consistency.  I was thoroughly disappointed the second time around and did not want to be a prude and as for more ice and some more fresh fruits.  The only reason why I give Alice Fazooli's a 3-star is because the service here is not particularly the greatest and the food and drinks are pretty expensive.  If you're thinking of coming here for a full 3 course meal (drinks, appetizer, main course and dessert), be prepared to pay a good amount from your wallet.  The pitcher of Sangria was $26.. And as good as it tastes, that's all I'm saying. I might come back here from time to time for the drinks and POSSIBLY the food, but that's a big maybe.笑
One of the best Fazooli's location.
I work nearby and i go there for regular lunches and sometimes dinners.
Great food! I customize my food to my taste and they always get it right!
Service is good!笑
Went for a family birthday dinner.  The waiter was quite enthusiastic and they were able to seat us at a table which was nice when they originally told us we might have to sit in the tall chairs in the bar area (with younger kids in our group).  At the recommendation of the waiter, he suggested to order the Shrimp & Calamari Puttanesca which I think was the worst thing we ordered.  It was just seafood with a watered down tomato sauce on a dried piece of bread.  The main meal of sirloin steak also felt disappointing considering it wasn't much of anything special.  The desert of an apple dumpling was alright, again sold a bit too much, and was a bit messy when shown how to eaten properly.  It was what I expected from a chain like this, so I mean you know what you're getting into when you eat out.笑
Not as food as it used to be.  Ordered the grilled calamari putanesca and it was rubbery.  For a main, I had the chicken penne a la Vodka which was dry like it was twice cooked and chicken was hard and tough...really bad dish.  The new roasted chicken was dry bit side dish of pasta was ok. The others at our table had pizzas and they were floury.  Will never go back again to any Alice's for food.  Basically bar is great but eat before you get there.笑
I wanted to try out this place so I went for a family birthday dinner,

Started with the appetizers, the garlic bread balls and grilled calamari, as per another review on yelp, yes the calmari was VERY rubbery, the garlic bread bread balls were swimming in a plate of grease, overall nasty. ~$15 for the two appetizers

For my main course I ordered the beef ravioli, for $18 you basically get 5 pieces of ravioli, the ravioli was nice but for $18 you get what amounts to a morsel of food. Do not go here if you are hungry. To the waitresses credit she heard me mention this and offered to bring the manager over but I declined. 


For a fraction of the cost you can go to Swiss Chalet and get similar [ if not better IMO ]  food.

This was my first and last time at this place and would not recommend it.笑
First and last thing you need to know: alice fazooli's has the best bread of life. It's freshly baked from the oven, stretches as you pull it apart and when it's dipped into the olive oil/herb dip they provide.. it's heaven.

The other stuff is pretty good as well - definitely a carb filled meal, if you ask me.
I like the pasta. The sauce is good and it's super filling. The reason I like it is because it has gluten free options that don't taste differently from regular pasta. I had the carbonara, and I was full when I was not even 3/4 done. 
The chicken panini is also grilled to perfection, you must try!

Service is alright, they're always smiley and happy to serve you- that is, if they can be found. One thing I love about alice is the interior, it's very dark and vampy with old fashioned lighting and seats. I'm into that.

I would recommend this for an italian meal!笑
My wife and I had lunch here, found the food tasty but very italianish, duh, it's an Italian restaurant.. But, that's the problem. I personally find these places a bit too predictable.
They have a great 4 - 7 pm apply special that is worth checking out.
I would only be back for work functions. Don't get me wrong, it's nice enough, but I would rather go here if someone else is paying.. I am just funny that way with Italian places.笑
Had a group of 6 here for dinner. Fast and attentive service. Has salmon dish that was prepared perfectly. Nobody walked fro the table hungry.笑
The first time i went here I definitely had a mediocre opinion of the restaurant. 

The first time I got a butternut squash ravioli and I only got 4 large pieces of ravioli but I didn't feel it justified the price of $17.

The last time I went I got the Agnolotti which I found OK. Definitely something I'd have again but I'm not sure if Id come again due to the value. The pricing and the value of the food doesn't equal out to me as I'm not amazed or stricken by their food. 

On a positive note they do offer gluten free pasta in Penne form only and nothing else.

The service was OK, the bred on the table was really fresh, but overall I wasn't too impressed with the place on both occasions I've been.

If you want something different than what you are used to then this is somewhere to consider, but I don't see myself becoming a regular here.笑
I  had lunch at Alice Fazooli's and sat in the dining room.

Stephanie was my server and she started me off with some hot bread and olive oil/chillies.

I ordered Penne Arrabiatta with sausage.  It was good and had just the right amount of heat (spice).  I've had it before without the sausage and it's good meatless too.  Next time I think I'll add chicken.

Stephanie was friendly and helpful and took good care of me.笑
Service: Service is generally fine.  They are bit faster than the regular chains (Moxies), but certainly not fast.  The last server I had for lunch on a weekday didn't seem like she liked working there but the Dinner staff thus far has been pretty good.

Decor: They just did a small renovation and opened up the front of the restaurant.  Personally I like the old layout better because it had more partitions giving the different sections a more "intimate" feeling.  It seems very open and empty now.

Food:  The food is generally pretty good.  I wouldn't call it authentic Italian but they are the closest out of the chains.  The only thing that annoyed me was on my last visit my magherita pizza had slices of tomatoes, sun dried tomatoes and basil flakes.  Wasn't authentic or even common for that matter, and it wasn't all that good.  Their pastas are great though.

They also give bread at the beginning with an olive oil sauce with what I think may be an dryed anchovie/rock salt paste.  There is also a marinera, which is just average  The olive oil sauce is really good though.  

And of course they have the bowl of candies as you exit.

Review: I have had good food here for a decent price.  I don't think it is the best food you can get for the dollar but definitely fair.  The food is consistent (aside from my magherita pizza).  I will go back.

Reason for stars:  The food is good and the service is good.  I don't know if I would consider it my "go-to" restaurant but I will definitely be going back as they can accommodate larger groups.笑
Came here on a Monday night so it wasn't that busy.
I ordered the Seafood Fettuccine and it was so DRY!
It felt like they assembled it ages ago and it was just sitting there until someone ordered it.笑
The food was really good - had the pumpkin ravioli. Delicious. Staff were inattentive and non responsive. Had to ask for the bill 3 times. Not cool.笑
while this chain had never made an impression on me before (i.e. I completely forgot i'd been before), I was rather surprised this time at the number of options available and caliber of food. or, perhaps I was just famished at everything smelled AMAZING.

the FAZOOLI'S CAESER ($8) came suuuper spicy. I didn't even need to ask for it that way! it almost too intrusive as a drink with my meal, and the pickled green bean was weird as a garnish. the ice melted way too quickly, and ended up turning my drink way too watery. bleh!

the SHORT RIB RAVIOLI ($17.88) came with about 5 or 6 pieces but ended up being rather filling. there was a good flavor, but the meat was awkwardly pulverized. Not bad, but I think the concept it sounds a lot better than was executed.

the pizza looked amazing and the osso bucco appetizer smelled bomb.

we had a large group of 20+ people (how annoying, haha) and for our table of about 8, they managed to get the bills all correct, though I think our other tables experienced some mix ups. service is as expected, I would say for such a large group.笑
As we were unable to eat at another restaurant in the same complex, my boyfriend and I decided to try out this location of Alice Fazoolis (loved the downtown location).  The service was HORRIBLE.  First, my table was sticky to the point where my sweater stuck and when I requested that it be wiped, I was sighed at.  It took awhile for our order to be taken, 15 mins to receive oil for dipping bread and the waitress actually cleared the tables besides ours and ignored us..

Not impressed.  Will not be going back.笑
We had no reservations for our group of six but were immediately seated. It took a few minutes for the server to come to our table but then service was fine.

The bottles of wine were reasonably priced. No pre-meal bread offerings. Everyone else's portions seemed to be of a normal size but my salmon was miniscule. The server noticed this and had already ordered a replacement piece by the time that she brought it to the table. It took about ten minutes more for the second piece to arrive. One of my dining companion's beef dishes was fatty and undercooked. All the other parties seemed to enjoy their meals. One of them ordered dessert; no sure what it is called, but it was tiny cream puffs dusted with sugar and served with warm nutella. Quite good. Prices were moderate.

A small plea: if you are able, please consider keeping food storage containers in your car so that you can wrap up the uneaten portion when dining out. It saves small businesses money (a little bit from each diner adds up over the course of a year) and it saves packaging from going into a landfill. Try it - you'll be surprised at how good you feel.笑
Came here for lunch; ordered from the Savour York menu. ($15 prix fixe menu)

started with Mushroom and Sherry Zuppa
- very nice mushroom soup. I would highly recommend it to people who like mushroom soup (this is the right amount of creamy-ness)

Entrée: Salmon Panino: Bacon, Cucumber, Radish, White Balsamic Vinegar, Dill, 
Tomato, Salsa Verde Aioli

it was ok; different take on fishburger - fish was fairly fresh. I would`ve tried the pasta instead though.

Dessert: Tiramisu

I didn`t really like the deconstructed version - very strong coffee taste (which was refreshing) but i wouldn`t have minded if it was a bit sweeter. Raspberries as garnish, with a bit of chocolate syrup on the plate. 

Service: 

Server recommended pinot grigio from italy - white wine, which was ok. Except she served it in the same glass they use for water (looked like a candle holder). I didn`t say anything because i didn`t want to be mean (but next time, i`ll definitely say something) The wrong glass really put me off - even if i don`t look like a person who would know wines, servers should still make the effort to use the right glass.

Also, I asked to have my panino packed to go. The server took out the toothpick that was holding the sandwich together and now i have a fallen-apart sandwich. It's the small things that count when it comes to service. This server has definitely fallen short. 

I`ll come back - the other time i was there  = 4 star (i went for dinner). pasta is amazing there so next time i`m definitely choosing one of those.笑
Sadly, this place barely deserves a 1 star rating.  I've been to this location a few times over the years for birthdays and let me just say that each visit was more disappointing than the last and I really wish people would stop planning their birthdays here.

The one good thing I can say about this location is the decor and ambience.  They also have a separate dining area which is ideal for large gatherings.  As for as positive things I have to say about this restaurant,  that's about it.

Now onto why I don't like this restaurant.:

1. Food: Limited choices. Apps, Salads, Sandwiches, Pasta, Pizza, Entrees.  The Pastas and Pizzas probably have the most variety amongst those.  I ordered the Chicken Goat Cheese Pizza.  I like thin crust but this crust was absolutely awful in my opinion.  It was so dry and the edges were burnt.  The toppings weren't distributed evenly and the pizza was cut into 4 slices.  I cut each of the four into halves on my own.  Some slices would have so much goat cheese while some have barely any or none.  Pizza is pretty simple - this place failed at making it.

2. Service.   The importance of good service ina  restaurant goes hand in hand with good food.  If you don't have amazing food, then make your service fantastic.  You cannot fail at both and still expect happy guests.  Service was slow and almost non - existent.   Yet the tip is included automatically on your bill - perhaps that is why there was no incentive to provide good service.   I also have to point out that a few friends unknowingly tipped on top of the tip-inclusive bill.笑
We go here with the kids on the weekend for lunch and then a movie if something kid friendly is playing.  The kids like the pizza which is pretty good.  I like the chicken fettuccine (I invariably get that each time) and my husband likes the seafood fettuccine although he switches it up and gets the spaghetti and meatballs once in a while.  This is solid fare but not haute cuisine.  Lots of better "real" Italian places if that is what you are looking for.笑
Alice Fazooli's changed up their menu recently, so I received a promotional email for a free appetizer. Luckily, I managed to drag my family here to try the new menu before the promotion expired.

After studying the menu for a very long time, I opted for the ravioli fritti as our free appetizer: deep-fried ricotta and spinach ravioli, dusted with cornmeal and herbed breadcrumbs, spicy tomato sauce. This was an excellent starter for sharing and I don't regret my choice one bit.

Next, we ordered a Bruschetta to share: Roma tomatoes, roasted garlic, grana padano, e.v.o.o., balsamic, grilled crostini. 

From the pasta section, I chose something new on the menu: Rigatone Salsiccia, featuring ragu with Niagara Berkshire pork sausage, spinach, roasted cherry tomatoes. I loved this! Generally, pasta can be really heavy because of all the sauce, but the non-saucy pasta are often overly dry. This wasn't the case here because the sausage and the vegetables retained a lot of moisture, and the pasta was cooked al dente.

The steak sandwich was rather mediocre. Although the combination of   sautéed mushrooms, onions, and provolone sounded delicious on paper, the execution didn't impress. The steak was rather tough. I enjoyed my grilled chicken panini last time a lot more.

As a cheesecake fanatic, I couldn't resist ordering the mascarpone cheesecake for dessert. The cake was pretty big- perfect for sharing, and very creamy and delicious.

Oh yes, and the tapes teaching you Italian in the washroom are pretty amusing.笑
Went with the family the other night.. reasonably priced dinner. 

In terms of the ambiance, it was the same with all Italian restaurants...Nothing good to write home about. But that wasn't what I was there for. 

Service was average. Forgot some of our orders of drinks and what not so had to order again, not a big deal. nothing really special 

In terms of the appetizer, we order the spinach and artichoke dip. This came with a slight difference. They didn't provide any chips, but thinly toasted bread. It wasn't my favorite combination, but it wasn't that bad. I would give the appetizer an average grade. 

The main course was pasta, what did you expect at an Italian restaurant. We ordered something that had some spice to it. It was pretty good. I can't remember the name of it, but it has chicken or some other type of meat in it....As you can tell, it wasn't that amazing or I would have remembered. 

The item that I really liked was the bread to start. They provided the bread with an olive oil and spice dip. I liked it so much that I had seconds, and I never have seconds of bread. We were lucky , according to our waitress, because they just finished baking/heating the bread. It was very soft and warm when it arrived. I should have just ordered a drink and ate the free bread....would have saved me some money. 

Overall, it was just an average experience. 

Pro

Free warm, and delicious bread 
Olive oil and spiced dipping sauce

Con

No chips with the dip
just bland, like every other cookie cutter Italian restaurants out there.笑
The $16 sausage pizza was essentially dry dough. Good thing I had the $8 pint of warm beer to wash it down with. It's a shame such a good looking venue serves such mediocre food. What's with the massive pile of arugula on top of the pizza?! The service is inconsistent. I had the waiter try and persuade me to rate him perfect on a survey. With that said, this is still a pretty happening place in Richmond Hill, which isn't saying much. 

Food 2/5
Atmosphere 4/5笑
I have come here for celebrations and large gatherings. Their menu pretty much has everything for any taste. Their service is pretty good and they're generous with the drinks.笑
Summary: My friends and I waited about 45 minutes for somewhat pricey, sub par food that I could not finish eating despite being very hungry.

My friend already wrote a review, but I made a yelp account just to write this review, so please excuse the similarities. I came to this restaurant for dinner on Saturday because my friends and I were in the area and we all like Italian food. Stepping inside, the venue was nice enough, although I couldn't help notice that it wasn't quite as full as some other restaurants in the area. Not giving this much concern, we proceeded to make our order. I ordered the chicken Fettuccini, something that I like to order at any new Italian restaurants I visit as I expect it to be a fairly safe dish. It was about $20, which was more expensive than most other chain restaurants.

About 40 minutes later, all we had was water (my glass was empty for a good while now). It wasn't until I got really tired and started to lie down on the table before our waitress came over to apologize for the wait and explain that it was very busy in the kitchen. No offer of bread or anything though to help us with the wait. 

The food arrived just as we stood up ready to leave. We decided to give it a chance as we were all very hungry. That and we had some positive expectations for a place that specializes in Italian food and which was charging as much as they did for even the simple dishes. Unfortunately, the food was disappointing. The pasta was dry and hard to chew and the chicken was bland and overcooked (also hard to chew). The only thing that tasted okay was the sun dried tomatoes. The serving size was as small as what you get at fine Italian restaurants (ie. Not enough to get full on alone for many people, need full course meal). While the food wasn't to the point I'd call disgusting, I could not stand to finish it despite how much I usually hate wasting food. 

Ultimately, neither the food nor the service were the worst I've had, but the combined overall experience was close to it. Essentially I spent $20 and 1.5 hours for nothing but disappointment.笑
An all-purpose place for any occasion with good value if you catch their specials. Nothing that blew me away, but nothing fell short of expectations either. Gotta say, the bartender who doubled as the host did a great job.

I came here Thursday after a day of work and joined my mother and brother for an early dinner - we arrived before 5pm - so the place was pretty empty and relaxed. 

Since they have $7 apps on Thursdays, and neither my mum nor my brother were hungry, they took advantage of the promotion and went ahead with a half margarita pizza, Parmesan chicken bites, and crispy ravioli. All of them were decent.

For myself I ordered the butternut squash ravioli ($19) which doesn't look like much, but have the server go crazy on the parm and you're in for a pleasant surprise. Super rich, with a good balance of funk from the cheese, warmly spiced pumpkin filling, fresh sage, and crunchy bits of hazelnut, in a nutshell? Get this dish.

The bread was also freshly baked, and I appreciated the huge bubbles in it, but it would have been better if they had balsamic vinegar and olive oil for dipping instead of just olive oil.

We had everything in the photos, and the bill came in at $45 including tax. Packed up the leftovers too.

Overall, well valued, in terms of service, atmosphere, taste if you take advantage of the promos. Good hangout location.笑
This franchise is a hit or miss.  Quality has never been what the original was in its first years.  However if you order the right dish, it can turn out.  I had the chicken Marsala.  I almost never order chicken at restaurants, but this dish is prepared well, rich sauce and a proper companion of pasta Alfredo.笑
Alice doesn't live here anymore... and neither does the good chef, I suppose.  Stopped in for a business lunch for the first time in a long time.  I was looking forward to a good meal at a good price.  Today was not going to be my day.

I ordered the Seafood Fettucine for around $20.  I asked to substitute the fettucine for linguine, and the request was cheerfully granted.  The mussels were tender and fresh, but that's where it ended.  The shrimp and scallops were small, chewy and flavourless.  

An overall good experience was marred by a poorly executed dish.  At $12 I couldn't gripe, but at $20?  That is a premium lunch price so the disconnect is large. I still give Alice an extra  star for past successes--I don't recall having a bad meal there before this.笑
Not sure why it got 3 stars but this place has never let me down!  I love their calamari for start and their pasta is delicious. Pizza is good too.  And I love how they have a nice patio to just chill out and relax in.  It's hard to find a patio in Richmond Hill and Alice provides one that makes you feel like you've escaped from the burbs for a tiny moment.

I would have birthdays here and christmas dinners with friends.  It's a nice place with good vibes and the service is also good.笑
We went to Alice Fazouli's not far from our home because we kept hearing that it was a great restaurant. Well it wasn't bad but it was also not that great a place for italian food. Maybe it is because I am half Italian and know how to make a decent spaghetti sauce and this makes me so picky. The food was rather bland in seasoning even though it was generally okay but there was  really nothing fantastic or out of the ordinary here.The service was friendly and efficient so no complaints there. As well to feed so many mouths (we are a family of five) it was really reasonably priced. So there are some definite pluses but I would not say that it is worth a visit because it is such a great italian place.笑
The interior of this restaurant is gorgousss! Totally not what I expected, Brick walls, Chandeliers, Dim Lighting, Wooden Shutters, Very Cozy and Warm Feeling.

The parking lot however......jammed packed..if your coming on a Friday or Saturday night be prepared to wait for a spot. We came around 8:30pm and there was not a free spot to be found. Also you should make reservations because the dining room was a one hour wait however we were lucky enough to snag the last table on the lounge side.

Service wise, food came out Fast and Piping Hot! Our waitress however was slow as snail but was friendly and helpful...just slow in doing so.

But the Food was Amazinggg! No faults on the Food!

Drink - Limonata - its a sparkling lemon flavoured Italian Soda ..... not too sweet but had a good tartness which I love!

Complimentary Bread - Mini Ciabatta, served warm, crunchy exterior, chewy interior and comes with a dip of garlic olive oil with something else mixed in it - warm bread.....how can you go wrong?

Appetizer - Alice's Homemade Meatballs - A mix of veal, pork and beef, stuffed with asiago, simmered in tomato sauce. You get 2 medium sized piping hot, tender meatballs, with a delicious suprise of gooey cheese in the centre.

Main - Margherita Pizza -Fresh niagara artisanal mozzarella, tomato sauce, basil. Thin curst, you get the option of white or whole wheat. I wanted to stay traditional and opted for white. Good tasting pizza I was expecting a super crispy crust.....because that how I like my pizza....however this wasn't super crispy but still a great tasting pizza.

Desserts - 

Tiramisu - Lady fingers, Kahlua, espresso, mascarpone, chocolate shavings, espresso cream. More of a deconstructed tiramisu, with the mascarpone drapped over the lady fingers, not as dense or as sweet as a traditional tiramisu but still delicious.

Cioccolato Fuso - Molten Lava Cake, Chocolate ganache, cafe latte ice cream. Extremely decadent and equally delicious! I loved the pairing of the coffee flavoured ice cream with the rich warm chocolatey goodness! A must for chocolate/coffee lovers. The definite winner of the night!

Overall what its lacking in service it surpassed in food and ambiance.
FYI be prepared to wait for a parking spot!笑
Not bad, food is good. Nothing special. I had a salad to start and it wasn't that good actually. The bruschetta was good. The pasta was standard fare so nothing stood out to me about my experience there.笑
First of all, Kudos needs to go out to our waiter (David) who provided us with exceptional service. 

The food was really good generally. The portions were of a reasonable size and they have an extensive menu providing me with a challenge when figuring out what I wanted to eat. Complimentary bread appeared homemade and was very delicious. I had the winterlicious 2014 menu. The Caesar salad had quite the bite to it which I wasn't expecting but not overly so that it ruined the overall salad experience.

The main - chicken fettucine was also adequate. It was a good portion with a nice blend of flavors. The dessert was a perfect ending to the meal.

So why only 3 stars? One star was lost because I was seated directly under the coat rack, to the point that my head was leaning against some stranger's coat (who puts a table there?). Our meal was also occasionally interrupted by people strangely wanting their coats! There were plenty of other available tables so I can't explain why we were placed at that one. The other star was deducted because a very detailed winterlicious menu failed to mention that the Caesar salad with 'garlic, croutons, and parmesan' also included bacon bits. Thankfully, I'm not a faithful vegetarian but I have enough friends who would have been bothered by this exclusion that it deserved a mention in this review.

Overall, it's classier than some of the other big name Italian chains and overall a good place for a semi-romantic evening up to a fun-night out with friends and if someone told me we were going there I wouldn't complain. However, will I suggest to a group that we go there? Probably not.笑
Savour York Region's Lunch for $15 at Alice Fazooli's is definitely a great deal.

Mushroom & Sherry Soup (Porcini, Shiitake, Cremini, Tarragon, White Onion, Cream)
- Tons of mushrooms and it is not too creamy... the taste of Sherry is quite strong

Fettuccini Al'Pollo (Roasted Chicken Breast, Sundried Tomatoes, 
Spinach, Cream Sauce)
- The chicken breast is surprising quite tender and plentiful
- Cream sauce makes this pasta dish really hearty.....

Tartufo (Rolled in Toasted Almonds, Caramel Sauce)
- Almonds.... hmmm love that! and it is quite sizable... 

Service is really friendly. 

I would definitey come back for their drink specials at their bar area which is more casual...  Thursday Martini Specials sounded good!!

BTW, those spot lights shining right at my table are awesome for photo taking! :)笑
Food was good but the portions were tiny and most of the dishes were expensive. At those prices I could've gone to some of the other restaurants in the are and had the same food but much cheaper.笑
Took a client here because I've always found the one downtown not amazing but always good but was very disappointed here. Food was blech - just not good. I could tell others felt the same. And the service? "Oh sorry forgot about your wine. We had to go find some new wine glasses because all the others were dirty. Really? On a not very busy Monday. Bummer.笑
Wow, Alize Fazooli's has really grown up. My impression of this chain was less casual then the décor and ambiance of this location let me to believe. This AF is all about warmth with the pizza oven blazing through, walls of Italian wines and rustic interior. But, this isn't some place to have a pizza and tutto bene. Dinner time, especially on the weekends, can be a zoo. This AF is in the same plaza as Moxie's and Marlowe's and Honest Lawyers so parking can be insane. 

Interestingly enough, I have been to this location more often than not for lunch. It's quiet and just the way I like it. Space is large with tables, booths, high tables...seating preferences for everyone. There is a separate bar/lounge area which quickly becomes a waiting room at night if the place gets busy. Wines are extremely reasonable with the cheapest bottle being $28.


For lunch, they always give you a separate piece of paper listing the specials. I had the Squash soup which was warm and filling (great for a cold day!) For my main, I really felt like something hearty so I opted for the Chicken and Avocado sandwich...chicken, avocado, bacon, cheese wedged between soft Ciabatta bun. Yes please! 

Our waiter was en pointe and even brought us a warm bread basket, which from my mom I heard, isn't something that always happens. Furthermore, when we asked for lime wedges, we expected only one or two, but we practically got two whole limes! Not stingy for sure. My mom, aunt and grandmother all had the Tilapia which was a good size. Two big pieces of fish covered in a cream-like sauce, served with Rapini and noodles. A filling lunch for sure!

In any event, I have been here once for dinner on Friday and it's like being in a zoo. Part of the reason why I'm giving this a 4 star most likely has to do with me being here on lunch time: not many people (when we went it was 3 other tables), attentive service, and great food (probably because the chefs had lots of time to perfect our dish). Would my review be different if I went here on the weekends? Most likely. In any event, loved this location. Great food and service.

14/30笑
Havnt been here in a while, and lord was it awful. I'm 99% certain that the chicken and fish is frozen. Snapper was soggy and chewy. Then got a salmon which was totally dry inside and charred on the outside. 

The chicken on the risotto might as well have been shredded instead of cut into the the thinnest strips ever. The dish was generally over proportioned and very under seasoned. 

Ravioli was wayyy to sweet and the sauce basically looked like clarified butter with some pine nuts thrown in.

Overall unimpressed. Over priced, under served, poor quality. Please don't tell me "but sir, the food is always like this".笑
Its more than just another franchise restaurant. Its a nice looking place with an extensive menu and good food. The best part is that its very big and seating is plentiful so u rarely have to wait. We usually go here for mothers day brunch and its just the right amount of busy (not empty, but not overcrowded and loud). 

I likez it.笑
I love the atmosphere of Alice Fazooli's, there are immense chandeliers covered in semi transparent cloth giving it a whimsical feel. There is also pipe decor on the walls, playing on classic and industrial themes. The food is delishous; you can choose between light(puttanesca) or heavy(ravioli) dishes depending on your diet. They also give you at the begining their fresh house made bread with vinegar and olive oil dip. The prices are good and service is prompt. I come quite often with my family or friends. It's good for small parties (came once as a birthday party-10 people). They also play black and white movies in the right area when you enter.
Alice Fazooli's is one of my favorite restaurants and I recommend the butternut squash ravioli.笑
The service was excellent, our server was very attentive and great sense of humour!  The atmosphere and decor is beautiful.  The food was alright, nothing too special.  We had few appetizers, pasta, burgers, meat dishes and they were all mediocre.  The BEST though ironically is the free bread and dip, it is absolutely delicious we always ask for more and they keep bringing more and more!

It's a place I would go back but maybe once or twice a year.笑
Ate dinner here.  I think the menu is cutesy and they had plenty of options I was debating over.  I asked for the steak on the menu and they were out of that but had a another cut for the same price.  I really wanted the mushroom topping.  In retrospect I probably could have ordered the mushrooms on top of the special steak, but I got the seafood linguini instead.  I enjoyed it.
Service was good, but I keep forgetting that iced tea in Canada is that Nestea from a fountain.  I like just plain brewed iced tea, but that was also my fault for not clarifying.  We asked for more bread and olive oil and asked for butter and received in all promptly.笑
Nothing left but bland entrées. The first time I eat here I enjoyed the 3 squash ravioli with a side order of meatballs but they removed it from the menu. It was the only plate that actually had a twist and character compared to their ordinary processed dishes like cheap italian imitations. A laughable attempt to appear mondaine. 
Quite frustrating is the feeling of being gouged when looking at this place which spent so much money redecorating to look good but lacks in food quality and the service is less than passable with excessive prices. 
Such a hype for nothing; go see for yourself how "meh" it really is if this doesn't put you off already.笑
Took a business client here for lunch, I ordered the Funghi pizza and she ordered the Arctic Char on my recommendation for something different.  Pizza was okay.  My friend really liked her AC!  Like a Boston Pizza but with better Italian fare selection!  If I could I'd rate this a 3.5 but alas Yelp only has whole stars!  This is a huge restaurant with a huge selection.  I've eaten here before and been a bit disappointed with the pasta but such is life!笑
I really enjoyed the ambiance at Alice Fazooli's! We felt as if we were eating in Italy at the patio. The inside of the restaurant is very woody and full of wine racks. There are also lots of large tables that are perfect for parties! The bathrooms were a bit weird though. For some reason, they were broadcasting some Italian language speaking lesson...in a bathroom of all places. 

One of the many things that I liked about Alice Fazooli's was their menus - the back of their menus featured photographs Vogue Italia photoshoots. Very chic. Service was good - our server was friendly and accommodating. As for the food themselves, we really enjoyed our pasta dishes. The chicken fettucine and baked carbonara that we ordered had great presentation! The baked carbonara was somewhat lacking in sauce but still tasted really good! The chicken fettuccine was also delicious. We finished off our meals with a nice bowl of vanilla gelato. 

I'm looking forward to coming back here again to try out more of their dishes!笑
Prices seem a bit on the high side for okay service and mediocre food.笑
It is not my intention to give a poor review but my last experience to Alice Fazooli's was not something that was worth the value. We know that going out for dinner whatever the occasion is suppose to be an enjoyable experience that see exceptional food or at least decent food. As a family we come to AF's once and a while maybe 5 times a year for dinner to get together. The atmosphere is great and I like the feel of the decor of the restaurant. We had 3 different starters to share 5 orders in total: 2 calamari, 2 muscles and 1 Shrimp & Calamari Puttanesca. They were all very good, with the calamari I would have preferred a marina sauce but that is just a personal preference.

For dinner I had a pizza as I was facing the open kitchen and all I could see was the stone oven! I had the Mediterranean pizza with added spicy peppers. Overall, the pizza was bland and have very little taste or spice to it; very disappointing. The people who ordered 2 steaks at our table had to send them back as they were not cooked to order (undercooked). The two stand out dishes were ordered at our table was the Italian Butcher and the Chicken Panini.

The service at the table was top and that is something that half of the experience; unfortunately the food was not leaving us with a feeling of wanting to comeback anytime soon. For our next outing I will be suggesting another option other than Alice Fazooli's; they need to improve on taste and details.笑
I have been in this resturant few times. I had red snapper and borshta which was decent but the second time I has steak and it wasn't good. It was very small pieces and took forever to get it. Thier resturant is chick and they have good customer service.笑
We ordered Chicken Fettuccini and Sausage Pasta. I am a big fan of Pasta. The Fettuccini is pretty good, as creamy as I want but the Sausage Pasta is just so so even through it is one of the chef's choice. Generally, it is a nice place for light lunch or dinner and friends' gathering.笑
Ate here twice in the last month. They have a very delicious Chicken Risotto. Once we went was on a weekend and ate in the lounge area which was very noisy but we ate in the dining area on a week day and the atmosphere was really nice. Prices are reasonable and the taste of the food is quite good. Customer service is friendly as well. The restaurant is also very clean and modern looking.笑
Started off with the ravioli fritti appetizer. This first dish set the expectation for the other main dishes. Just like everyone recommended the ravioli fritti's were addicting. If I had these at home I would be downing them like popcorn. They're just so yummy (5/5 stars). For the main dishes got the Butternut squash ravioli (4/5 stars) and Fettuccini Alfredo (3/5 stars). The first few bites were awesome but as I kept on eating the flavor started to get a bit boring. 

The place was pretty packed during lunch on a weekday but service was still good. The overall experience was great and I really want to give this place a higher rating but when compared to places like Remezzo I just can't justify any higher than a 3.5 star overall rating.笑
I have come here three times and my most craving item is their house-made bread with their house-made sour olive oil dip.  I hope I could just simply go there for their bread and dip only.

I tried their pasta, pizza and the entree items.  I would stick with the pasta and pizza from now on.  I went there on recent Mother's Day.  Both chicken and fish were made too dry and flavor was a little bland.  Green salad was really meh but healthy enough.  Our service was a bit too slow but our server was always wearing a smile and she made up for the slow service :)

I like that they provide kids menu.  Kids are given drawing paper and crayons to kill time.  I will bring my nephews here for their pasta and pizza and of course mainly for their bread myself :p笑
My wife and I used to dine there often. We moved from the area 2 years ago and returned to Richmond Hill last Saturday to have a nice dinner with a good friend.
When we entered the restaurant we were greeted by "Attila The Hun". She informed us that they were booked and we would have to eat in the bar which we did not want to do. I pushed back and asked to speak with the "maître d". She looked on the sheet and said "no problem; follow me". 
My wife ordered the veal paramagan and I ordered the seafood pasta. My wife's veal was way over cooked and my seafood pasta was missing seafood except for mussels.
The music was so loud that we could hardly talk to one another and the management was not interested in turning it down. 
The service was just OK.
Whatever happened to the once good eating establishment. We felt it was run by a bunch of teenagers.
Won't be going back笑
Not a fan, sorry. I've been here twice, both times with fairly large groups and both times I was disappointed. 

The first time I had their ravioli which was really dry and drenched in an overly rich sauce that was too salty. I think there were six raviolis and I didn't even finish them. The second time I went I had their salad which was super average and I get better salads at Freshii so I was not impressed at all. 

I would definitely not come here if you are expecting quality Italian food and I know I won't be coming back.笑
Drinks were good once we got them.  SLOW  service.  Did I say SLOW. Waitress was far from great. But YUM the ravioli fritti was great!!!!!Decent experience.  By no means great though.笑
Came here with a coupon ($10 off if you spend $30 or more). I got the ravioli. I love the bread that comes with the meal. The ravioli is a bit salty (it's consistently salty from all the times I ordered it) but tasty. In general, I think most of their entrees were a bit too salty. However, I do come back here because if the coupon it's a great deal and the food is decent for the price. I do like coming here when I feel like eating at a "upscale" chain restaurant. The service here was also very good.笑
Their patio is the comfy-st in the whole east beaver creek plaza: water fountain, low seats, garden themed with a good mix of shade and sun.  If you want to find a seat in that plaza on a friday sunny afternoon lunch rush, should check here first.

Tilapia: Fish baked till soft topped with saucy white alfredo. Paired with green beans and angel hair pasta.  Would definitely recommended. I love my meat and don't normally go for fish but this is definitely hits the spot!!笑
I'm so sad that Alice Fazooli's at this location is closed and they stated on their website it would be called Scaddabush - Italian Kitchen and Bar (which hopefully is the same thing).
Nevertheless, I want to give Alice Fazoolis (though closed) a review because it gave me a lot of memories. 

Alice Fazoolis brings back a lot of memories for me. I grew up eating Chinese food all the time and Alice Fazoolis was one of the first restaurants where I was exposed to "Western culture" that's not a Swiss Chalet and basically GROW UP. Located in the East Beaver Creek plaza, you should come earlier or closer to night time because parking is ALWAYS difficult when you go around 7pm - 8:30pm. 

The ambiance of the restaurant is really nice, it's kind of in the middle between casual and classy. But none the less, it's pretty good for date night. The lobby area is pretty large, and I like to go around 6pm, which is when all the seats are still available. 

One of my favourite dishes are their Angle Hair Pasta. Did I mention you get oven-warmed bread, complimentary to your meal when you sit down. Yea, I know a lot of places do this, bu for bread to be oven-warmed?! Now that's rare. Mmmmmm. It literally comes in a basket with a cloth and delicious olive oil for dipping