I have been to Bonfyre a few times.  Most recently for the restaurant week promotion.  I was very disapointed.

I made a reservation for 2, and prior to being seated we sat at the bar for a drink.  The drinks were great and service was awesome.  We were then seated promptly.  

My date and I decided to get an entree off the menu and try the promotion and split all the food to get a good variety.

The $25 food promotion for an appetizer, entree, and dessert was quite the rip off.  We settled for chips with guac because nothing else seamed appealing.  NOTE that none of the items listed on the promotion list were on the normal menu.  The chips were nothing special and the guac was not very good.  For the entree we had teryiaki beef skewers.  They were good, although 1 skewer had very under cooked meat.  It was raw but warm.  We sent it back and the server was very kind.  For dessert they skimped on the size and variety.  Again for the promotion, I would think the restaurant would want to push for the customer to be in OMG mood about the food to come back.  It seems as if they went cheap for some reason and I don't even feel like I got $25 worth of food.  This makes me never want to go back.  Especially when my check didn't have a price break for the raw food I was served.

I went to two other restaurants during the week with the same promotion and was amazed.笑
Disappointed that they offered a special but were out of it, even though we arrived early on a Saturday evening. Also disappointed that our waiter was not informed until after four people in my party ordered it. Waiter was very friendly and courteous, but he was running ragged (they needed more staff), and the wait for drinks and then food was too long. I liked the atmosphere. In addition, my credit card was hacked at this place.笑
Based on the reviews and the atmosphere, I was hoping for more then what we got.  The menu has an abundance of items to chose from.  To me seemed kind of overwhelming.  Two of our chairs had broken centers.  Two of us had to sit in holes since there were no other chairs to swap out.  Foodas the noise.  It was so loud from the crowd that was at the bar, carried over into the dinning room.  We had to talk very loud to almost a soft yell to hear each other.  Food however, was great...a little pricy for me, but very good.  This was my first and only visit...hopefully my next will be better.笑
We went to Bonfyre for brunch because we had a CityTin coaster for $10 off to use before the end of the year. Had only been here once before for drinks.  The brunch was great! Decent prices, delicious food all around.  My boyfriend got the stuffed French toast with "drunken bananas" (rum flambeed), pecans, and caramel.  He loved it and said it wasn't cloyingly sweet, but just the right mix of savory/sugary.  Came with a side of bacon for $10.  A steal, really. My daughter got a bacon cheeseburger- a massive burger, which was stunning, skewered with a trio of pickles, served on a whole grain bun, and with a side of zucchini fries, which she loved! ($13) My rotisserie chicken with eggs, bacon, and side salad was also scrumptious- their chicken is perfectly done; makes sense as it's their specialty but I'm usually not a huge fan of white meat chicken, while this was flavorful and and juicy.  All in all, we were impressed with the prices, the service was pretty good, and we'll try to detour out here another time for dinner.  Minus one star for the loud TVs everywhere, took awhile for coffee/water refills, and a fruit fly here and there (probably because our table was just to the left of the bar).笑
Fabulous restaurant!  I've been here countless times and have had a great experience each time.  I would definitely recommend their crab cakes and their specialty drink, The Miami Ice.  The interior is trendy and definitely a good setting for anything from a group of people getting together or a couple having a date night.笑
Their truffle fries were yum for appetizer. We were a group of six. Two of us tried their all American prime burger and loved it. One are a vegetarian burger that she thought was okay. Their steak grilled cheese was very nice and one of us had the dinner special. It was a miso salmon with white rice and asparagus. I tried a fish taco and didn't care for it. The fish was dry and the taco itself was not great. All in all, we had a mix experience. If I go again, I will definitely go for their truffle fries and stay away from their fish taco and veg burgers. Cheers笑
Decided to go here the other night on a whim, couldn't decide where we wanted to eat and we've seen it tons of times from the Beltline.  Pretty busy when we got there and continued to stay busy while we were there.  Our server wasn't great.  She lacked conversational skills and didn't seem interested in being there.  The menu had great variety and we started with the blue cheese potato chips appetizer and they were great.  I had the ribs and I thought they were good.  We got to sit right by the kitchen and while it was fun watching them cook and feeling the warmth of the fire, it was odd having a ton of servers huddled around waiting for their food.  I liked the decor and ambiance and would definitely like to try it again.笑
Been here several times when we visit Madison. They just need to fine tune their service a bit. Food excellent. Ate at the bar a couple appetizers entrees and salad but had to wait and flag down the bartender for drinks. Actually several others were sitting with empty glasses too. C'mon pay attention and sell
some drinks!笑
Went here on a recent Monday evening, was surprised at the nubmer of people in here at 8pm. We were pleasantly surprised when we walked into this place.  It is logistically in an odd place, but the inside is beautiful and trendy.  The menu had lots to offer, a nice selection for anyone.   I started with the squash soup which was fantastic, then decided on the Rotisserie Chicken with mashed potatos and asparagus.  All was prepared wonderfully - very tasty!  My husband had the fish tacos, which looked really good! He always orders fish tacos if they are available -- he said not quite as good as the Great Dane's, but good none the less.  The only bad thing about our experience at Bonfyre was the lack luster service.  From the hostess to our server, it was unpleasant.  I don't know if it was just an off night, or if these people just don't like their jobs ---- it seemed like a chore to both seat us and serve us.  We will try again on a different night to see if the service improves.  If you haven't been yet - I would say it is worth a try!笑
Stopping on a Friday Night and we were seated right away.  The crabcakes were great.  Would go again.笑
Their cioppino is very delicious. The tomato broth has a nice, deep flavor, and everything was cooked well. My husband really enjoyed his jambalaya, and the portions were quite generous. We will be back.笑
Pretty nice place and very friendly staff. Food portions are considerably large and prices are affordable. A work-lunch or erly evening bar/grill 'hangout after work' sorta place. Definitely recommend.笑
Great new restaurant! The food was delicious, BBQ rotisserie chicken & hanger steak, I'd recommend both as they were cooked wonderfully! The portion size is just right too. The beer & wine list is pretty good too, a bit pricy but has some good selections to it. We went on a Saturday evening, so if you don't have reservations you aren't getting in; good thing it's easy to make online reservations on Open Table! The atmosphere is trendy(ish) so dressing up is probably in order, not fancy but nice!
One note, try not to sit in front of the fireplace as it can get pretty hot. Unless you get cold easy, then by all means!!笑
I don't think that I've had a worse experience at a restaurant.  The staff was far more interested in gathering around each other to chat than helping any of the guests.  The bartender is definitely in the wrong business.  Texting was more important to her than the patrons.  To top it off the place is infested with fruit flys.

We definitely will not go back there.笑
This is a beautiful restaurant with an overpriced menu laden with garlic. If you don't want garlic and if you don't want to leave hungry after paying for a $40 lunch, go elsewhere. This was very disappointing.笑
I ordered the seafood trio over risotto. I wish I would have ordered something else because my plate was 1/3 of the size of everyone else's but was more expensive than anyone else's. The salmon and shrimp tasted good but the rest was just ok. For appetizers we got the calamari and spinach artichoke dip. Those were really good. And for dessert a peanut butter mousse thing that was awesome. Overall it was just an ok experience. Don't hate it. Don't love it. If someone wanted to go I wouldn't object but I wouldn't go out of my way to go there.笑
well....I had been wanting to get back here for another experience, given the contrast of my previous visits...yet with hope restored from how much I enjoyed my past visit...but, had to wait for them to recover from the unfortunate fire in the kitchen vent system...

that they have...

we came here for a postponed work holiday party.  we were a fairly small party, coming in on a Tuesday evening.  I called ahead for reservations, which were taken politely.  I was told we'd have no problem getting in.  Which, despite my own error of one hour, was true...we arrived an hour earlier than I had understood and were still promptly attended to.

As before, the service was quite good.  We were attended to by a completely different person...actually, a couple of very attentive people.  Nice to see the service was consistent across folks.  Again, nice to see the women at the table addressed first.  You know, I don't consider myself 'conservative' but, I was raised to hold doors for women, and to allow them to go first.  I think it's a nice tradition and it preserves a charming, though not trite, respect for a past time when manners and civility towards our fellow citizen mattered.  Refreshing in this day of so much negativity and vitriolic disregard of our fellow citizens.....though...I digress....  Suffice it to say, I liked the service :)

We ordered an array of hors d'oeurves which were delivered quite promptly, and just as promptly eaten.  They were nicely presented (quesadillas and crab cakes) and tasty.  The quesadillas are quite a nice size portion.  Crab cakes can serve two people (one if you're greedy).

For dinner, I had the Ahi Tuna...and it was INCREDIBLE!  Company had dishes including the scallops, steak, 1/2 rack of ribs, and walleye.  All were well respected and consumed though, the walleye fish fry was reported to be a bit bland, on the batter side.  Scallops and ribs were enthusiastically devoured by, apparently people we thought we knew but who, in reality, turned out to be ravenous Velociraptors when presented with tasty treats for eats...any English majors out there want to tackle the grammar on that sentence?  :P

All in all...it was a very nice evening.  Friendly, professional, and attentive service, yummy food, and a nice ambiance.

Hint:  In the winter, when the darkness sets on early in the evening, if you sit in the front of the restaurant facing the windows...expect to have glaring headlights regularly swirling in and out of your vision as cars pull in, and exit the parking lot.  I think this was a bit exaggerated by the frosted glass.  Simple remedy, ask to NOT sit at the windows.  Also, during really cold evenings...it can be a little chilly next to the glass.笑
Made reservations at Bonfyre on a Saturday night. It was smooth and promptly. A nice varied menu with lots of options.. The Morts pot roast was very tasty and the Saturday Prime rib special, very good笑
Good food, good drinks, good service.

I've frequented this place because I love their drink menu and food menu and it always comes out delicious. 

However there service has missed the mark a couple times. 

A few times we brought our young kids and felt that the wait staff was not happy. If you don't want kids them don't have a kids menu. Also, we came before the dinner rush.

Their breakfast is unusual, but in a good way. Egg pizza... 

I think they have the best ribs in Madison as well.笑
My steak was to be a 6oz filet and I have a challenging time believing it was a truly that size.  The steak was way over cooked.  Husbands sirloin was cooked perfectly and much tastier.  Brussels sprouts were okay, twice baked potato topping was a little too brown for my liking.  Daughter had 1/2 rack ribs which was a small portion according to her.  Not sure if we will return unfortunately.  

The service was just okay not overly friendly.笑
A solid choice, though an unexciting one.  Have you ever been to Banderas?  I think that's what they're going for here, but they don't come close to the amazing wood-fired grilled food Banderas puts out.  Their predictable menu is a reliable choice for corporate dinners but their prices ($29 for a 6oz filet mignon?) make it impractical for anything else.  The service was a touch surly (were we ready to order yet already? servers pushing us out of the way while we waited at the bar...) which didn't help either.笑
This is my favorite BBQ place in Madison. They have amazing ribs that fall right off the bone!! Also their BBQ chicken is awesome and for an appetizer the truffle fries are exceptional! If you are in Madison or just passing through, this is a place you need to go.笑
Excellent selection of entrees and small plates. Generous portions.  The flatbread was particularly good.  The appetizers make a satisfying meal for a light appetite.  Great tap beer and wine selection.笑
Well, despite not being able to check-into this place for some odd reason, I went here with my family for my mom's birthday celebration! It was really really nice. There is not a lot of parking so be careful and also if you need to park elsewhere, be careful where you park. You walk in through these massive doors where you are greeted by the hostess' to take you to your seat. Because we had a reservation we were seated immediately. They have nice wood-like tables and some pretty comfy leather chairs as your seating. The decor is pretty nice but a bit bland in my opinion. They seemed to just put their logo wherever they could fit it with one little decoration above the kitchen window that was pretty nice. They do have fireplaces, and being called Bonfyre, you might expect they would haha! 

The food was pretty good and reasonably priced but a little pricey for some of the simpler things like a wrap or a sandwich. Drinks? Expensive... Very... no matter what you get, from PBR to Champagne it was just weirdly expensive. Everyone had seemed to hype this place up a lot which in my opinion was... respectable but not entirely as "Miraculous" as it was made out to be. It almost made me think of P.F. Chang's. It just sort of seems like one of those places that is new and exclusive but pushing to be a chain. The one thing I do respect was their menu, which our server informed us is changed slightly every two months. This was impressive because it means you could have a different experience every time you go and I like that... A LOT. 

Exterior? Bland with tinted windows which makes it difficult to see if the place is busy or worth going. It is also located off the belt-line in Madison which makes it a nice eye-catcher but nothing to see except the sign. This is def. a place to return but not as exciting as I would have hoped.笑
I live fairly close, so I've been to Bonfyre a few times. Mostly for dinner, but most recently this past Easter for brunch, with laughably bad service. I really wanted to like this place. Unfortunately the food is low quality and they try to hide it by serving it on nice plates and nice ambiance. But if you're looking for a tasty meal, Madison has much better options for what you're paying. Steak and a wine easily costs $50, but you can tell the steak is a poor quality. 

Do yourself a favor and find something else.笑
I went on a busy Saturday night with my husband.  We didn't call to make a reservation until just before we left... got in at 8:45 -- our fault for not calling.  We showed up early to enjoy the bar, crowded but still comfortable.  Excellent drinks (you could actually tell there was alcohol in them!)  We got a table earlier than 8:45 and sat down.  We were happy to see the pricing was reasonable.  The only downside the whole evening was that the dining room was as loud as the bar -- but we were still impressed with the FOOD.

I had the squash soup (OHHH SOOO GOOOD) and my husband had the house salad (excellent) (both only $2 to add to our entrees).  I ordered the special of the evening, mixed grill and got to taste 3 separately delicious dinners -- generous portion for the $18 pricetag.  Fish with an excellent sauce, sausage and creamy polenta, and some rotisserie chicken.  All excellent, when I go back I'll probably get the rotisserie chicken - YUM. My husband had the hanger steak.  It had a guijilla (sp?) sauce that he loved and the meat was tender and deliciously prepared. ($18? as well)

We loved it and can't wait to return with some friend for an evening out (just don't forget the reservation!)笑
Maybe I went on a good day, but Bonfyre seemed "on fire" to me.  First off the Maytag blue cheese chips were awesome.  They were made more awesome by liberally sprinkling hot sauce over the chips to counter balance the blue cheese.  I will definitely consider making these for my Superbowl party, I'll tell you that.  Plus, my $10 lunch special, an amazing pot roast with mashed potatoes and asparagus was right on - an incredible deal for $10.  I went for lunch, but could easily see this be a happening place at night for happy hour or for dinner.笑
This is the perfect place if you need to bring a client to lunch. Just off the Beltline and easy enough for to find for those coming from out of town. It can get a little loud especially if you are located near the bar area. The menu is pretty good. I thought the jambalaya was very good and there was enough for two meals. I would come back given the chance to.笑
The smell of the "bonfyre" every time I drive by is an enchanting scent trail, that practically lures me off my feet to the door in a cartoon-esque fashion.  Ok, maybe I just LOVE smoky anything, but it is really wonderful.  I have not eaten much for here because their BBQ chicken is wonderful.  It is super juicy and smoky and saucy.  It is so good (and I am so boring) that I doubt I will ever try anything else.笑
I've been here before and had some pretty decent meals, but had yet to review!

Tonight my boyfriend and I came in for Valentines Day without a reservation (risky, I know) but we're pleasantly surprised to find the bar is full service and didn't require reservations. I am a firm believer that the bar can be just as romantic and really lively with all of the bartenders making drinks. It's fun to watch and chat and keep it low-key without taking up a table meant for four. I think the ambience is nice, but I WISH it didn't have TVs in the bar area, because it ruins the classy feel that it gives off in all other aspects. 

Anyway, we each got cocktails, which I LOVED mine (Pomegranate Mule), then the bartender helped us size up a good appetizer flatbread. The bar-size is perfect as an app, by the way, as the half size is still huge. The fig and prosciutto flatbread was top notch, and if I go back, I'd get a whole one of those to myself. 

Then we split a lobster ravioli, which for $22 seemed like a tiny portion, and not worth that cost. It ended up being very rich and filling, so it was deceiving size-wise. The lobster was rich, the ravioli was big and filled with ricotta, and the sauce was buttery. My biggest criticism of it, however, was the salt. The sauce was way too salty for me, on top of the richness, to enjoy even half of the plate. I don't recommend getting a whole plate for yourself. Get something with fresher ingredients (like the flatbread!) for maximum flavor. 

All in all, I'd come back to try a different entree/that flatbread, and the cocktails were reasonably priced and very tasty!笑
We had dinner last night (Monday) and had a short wait. I had the herb chicken which was excellent. My wife had mushroom risotto which was good but rather bland without the addition of ckn or shrimp. Service was good with fair prices. I'll be going back very soon. A must see!笑
I've been to Bonfyre more times than I can count. I am never left disappointed. I am always very impressed by the waitstaff- they are always very personable and knowledgeable of the menu. My favorite item was the Lobster Ravioli, which has since been taken off the menu, but luckily, with their menu, you can't really go wrong! It's a great place for large groups, because theirs truly something for everyone!笑
My girlfriend and I came here for her 23rd birthday dinner, we were seated immediately with a reservation. The decor and furniture were chic, but comfortable. There was a lot of seating but it didn't seem like we were smushed into other tables. Our waiter was very attentive from the start making sure our drinks were exactly as we ordered them.  We skipped appetizers, but it looked like there were some items I might try our next time here. We both ordered sirloin steaks, $25 a piece that came with twice baked potatoes and "fresh vegetables" (happened to be sautéed zucchini and onions). The steaks were a little undercooked (still tasted fine), the garlic butter that was on top helped define the steak flavor. Our zucchini was perfectly cooked, not too hard and not too mushy. The twice baked potatoes stole the show! Bacon, chives, garlic and cheese really accentuated the potato guts! Since it was her birthday, Bonfyre bought her a little dessert cup with her choice of flavor with 6 to choose from. She ended up taking the Cookies and Cream Mousse, which was delightfully delicious! Definitely one of our favorite meals in Madison. 
Bravo Bonfyre!笑
THE "GOOD" (well, really "meh"):  Big portion sizes.  The slaw accompanying my sister's tacos was zippy and somewhat tasty.  The summer vegetable risotto was creamy and well-textured. 

THE BAD: We started off on the wrong foot right when we got in the door.  We arrived at 2 pm, and the host was not there to seat us.  Completely understandable, given the late hour.  However, the F.O.H. peeps should be trained to greet people when they come in the door--hello?!  Restaurant basics 101!  We stood there for a while, and the bartender looked up at us but did not acknowledge our presence in any way.  A waiter walked by, but did not say anything.  "Hi! Someone will be right with you."  Come on, folks--does that burn too many calories?!

THE UGH-LY:  1) The thunderous jazz music. Seriously, do you REALLY want to hear jazz musicians riffing endlessly (and deafeningly) on "When Johnny Comes Marching Home" while you try to have a conversation over lunch???  2) Texture aside, the flavors of the lovely vegetables in the risotto were completely overwhelmed by the pound of garlic that smacked me in the mouth on first bite.  3) My sister and I both were completely confused by the Korean beef tacos.  First, we were expecting something resembling a bulgogi marinade, but this was more like a sweet/fishy/cloying/not-very-tasty-something-or-other that was completely overpowered by the vegetables, to which I am awarding the RAZZIE for this meal.  The veggies were in a vinegar-based dressing that DID NOT BEHAVE WELL IN PUBLIC: in essence, the tacos peed all over the plate and the eater.  The vegetables themselves were cut in THE MOST INTERESTING array of sizes, from thin slices to chunks of cucumber bigger than my thumb.  And the flavors were--shall we say--discordant?  At war with each other?  4) The hefty check for an all-around sub-par dining experience.  Thanks not so much.笑
Oh Bonfyre. I hate to post bad reviews. But let's get it over with. 

Hostesses must be having a bad day. Weak greeting.  But they are young. Good manager would teach them better. 
Ate at bar, as is my usual choice. Bartender is why you get two stars. She was pleasant and efficient and was kind enough to give me a beef stick for my dog in the car. She is a keeper, unless you don't improve in which case I hope she goes to a better place. 
You know the Verizon phone service is bad here. Yet no signs with your guest wireless password. (Or better, no password. Duh.)  So you have to find someone and ask and then the password is your name plus a number - maybe your address?  Who knows, but overly complicated. 
Knowing people will use your wireless a lot, you might think you would get a great router, but the signal is weak, and was the past three times I just came in for a glass of wine after work or a work meeting. 
Veggie eggs Benedict. Sounded great. Reality - not good at all. 
You use a tasty creamed spinach but you put it on first, so the way-under-toasted English muffin becomes a wet mess. Plus, I got a big piece of eggshell - which is horrible!!!!!!
The potatoes were shredded and mixed with a lot of cheese and butter/oil. They leeched oil over much of the plate. And they were bland. Maybe if they had been put under the broiler they could have been given a nice toasted top, but instead they are just a gummy, oily bland mess. 
Nice side salad. I enjoyed that. 
And the nice bartender. 
Sorry I wasted my brunch here, as there are so many better nearby.  
And your staff spent tons of time chatting by the kitchen, instead of serving.  Even the hostess joined in while folks waited at the door. 
Poorly managed place. Won't be back for food, but I doubt you would care.笑
Four stars for delicious food. The place was packed to the rafters on Saturday night so make a reservation well in advance. We had apps, and entree, and split a chocolate dessert sampler. Heavenly! Nice bar and good wine selection. Arrive early! Our service was still spot-on and we were seated relatively quickly but still had to wait about 15 minutes despite having reservations.笑
YUM! The fish stew is delicious and I'm the first one to crinkle my nose at the mention of fish stew. It was full of flavor and spice and tons of shrimp, scallops, shrimp, and other tasty morsels. The waitress was friendly and fast, the wine complimented the meal perfectly. The atmosphere was dimly lit and intimate...until we had people sitting next to us on the long bench/table wall. If you do go there, try and get a booth or a table of your own if you don't want to overhear everyone else's conversations around you.笑
Bonfire was great atmosphere for celebrating our anniversary from appetizer to dessert!! Our service was great.. Friendly, attentive and very orderly! The food was amazing from my bone in ribeye to her ribs, chicken plate!!! We shared a bottle of wine with our meal and was reasonably priced and we didn't have to spend a lot to have a great meal!! If you haven't been.. You must go!!笑
First visit to Bonfyre today for lunch--it was after the lunch rush --we were greeted cordially and seated immediately by the gracious hostess  in a booth somewhat near the kitchen area. The restaurant has a lovely, clean decor with a spacious floor plan allowing varying levels of intimacy and openness to diners and bar patrons, as well as ample space for groups.

We were served by the competent Carlie who was prompt and professional. I am sure it is not her idea, but she felt it important to explain the menu to us moments after being seated.  Since we did not have a service dog or appear literacy challenged, it was not a necessary step, and was frankly demeaning,  but she did have a good understanding of the food and choices and was friendly in her review.

We dined on ribs and jambalaya; both fresh and delicious--not outstanding, but well prepared.  The food runner (not Carlie) seemed dumbstruck upon our request if bread came with the entree.  After she said no and started to walk away like a scared kitten, we had to suggest that she get us some anyway, even if an extra charge. Again, no words, just scampered off and later returned with some bread.

Carlie kept our iced tea glasses full and was careful to offer flawless service without feeling the need to interrupt our conversation as so many servers do; she saw we might need something and simply attended to it. Excellent employee.

Unfortunately, the primary complaint on our visit was a kitchen staff that acted as if the restaurant was closed and it was party time.  The cooks and bus boys were literally shouting to each other in Spanish and laughing it up so loudly that my wife and I could not hear each other speak.  These employees were both in the kitchen and just outside of it, casually shouting to each other across the room. One of the four of five workers was eating his lunch just outside our table and had no trouble continuing to spew profanities while masticating.

Besides reviewing professional protocol with the kitchen personnel, the manager should consider advising them that there are customers who speak Spanish and do not appreciate having a backdrop of expletives interrupt their lunch by staff oblivious to the guests. Their behavior made it feel more like a men's locker room than an elegant spot to dine. 

Upon leaving, and getting most of our hearing back, we stopped at the vacated front post for the hostess in search of a business card or some contact information, but there was none.  Since the outside window indicated Yelpers were appreciated, we have chosen to give feedback in this fashion and hope it is useful.笑
They're closing for lunch and dinner to support a protest in Madison... Last time I'm coming here.笑
My wife & I took our son & his wife for dinner.  Courtney, our server, was fantastic.  Knew everything on the menu, and made great suggestions.  The appetizers of blue cheese chips and curry mussels were terrific.  The special martini of Hennessy New Fashioned was really good!!  Set aside some extra money and enjoy yourself here!!笑
Came here with my boyfriend for Sunday brunch since it advertised being offered from 10am-2pm on Sundays. We arrived around 10:15am and tried to open the front doors but they were locked. We waited for a bit and nothing happened, so we were kind of mad, but so hungry we decided to walk over to the Egg and I. However, there was a huge line for it so we walked back to our cars hoping maybe the door was open and it was. But overall not a great start. We enter the restaurant and weren't greeted by the hostess, but rather just blankly stared at. We had to pause and say are you all serving brunch in order for her to acknowledge us. Then we were seated in the corner of the restaurant. 

Granted this first impression was not good, but I was still hopeful as many of the reviews mentioned great food. So, since I was starved I was able to easily find what I wanted. The Avocado Salmon Toast. Our waitress came to our table looking a little exhausted, but with some fresh water and then disappeared for 15 minutes! I was literally about to leave and go to culvers across the way when she came back and finally took our order. Still! I was holding out for the food... and I'm sad to say it was not up to par. 

-Avocado Salmon Toast: I didn't think you could really mess this up, but apparently so. The toast was over burnt, hard, and dry, the salmon was nicely stacked, but the hollandaise sauce was a little sourer than I'd like. I acknowledge that they probably put lemon in it to complement the salmon, but this was a different kind of sour....

-Pot Roast Hash: OIL OIL OIL. Or is it grease? Whatever it was, everything was soaked in it and you couldn't help but feel like you were drinking it, rather than eating the delicious mix of supposed ingredients. 

I wanted to really like this place, but from the beginning to end I continued to lose my faith that this place would get better and now I don't have to come back for brunch. I've heard good things about dinner so....maybe once I've come back to my senses after this scaring experience I'll give it another chance.笑
This place is always GREAT, whether you're out for dinner or just drinks. Some of my personal favorites are the Mort's pot roast, ribs, herb roasted chicken and the chicken curry bowl (only available at lunch). The wine list is always well-rounded and they use nice glasses. There are also a few variations of mojitos that are worth a try! Yumm!!!笑
Great Place!! Love the atmosphere, very upscale and service is the best. The food is great, tried just about everything on the menu, the Chicken BBQ rotisserie is to die for, the meat just melts in your mouth. The waiters and bartenders are very friendly, Ben was my favorite bartender of all times. Very modern, great presentation on the food and quality and taste is on every plate.笑
I've eaten here a few times & was never disappointed. Great atmosphere, service & food. I will definitely go back & recommend to others. I love how they give you the choice of the way they grill your food & love the added touch of them searching and lightly smoking my salad. Many good selections on the menu that sometimes I just can't make up my mind there! Great place that all should try out!笑
Teresa had the Spring Risotto which was under seasoned, and no seasoning provided on the table. I had a simple bacon cheeseburger with fries, the burger was unremarkable and the fries were way over salted.笑
Bonfyre was absolutely delicious! My friend and I went when we were just hanging out one day for lunch, and it was awesome. We got an appetizer, which was great, the brochette variety, and each had yummy meals. It was a little more pricey than, say, Panera, but it was worth a little more. We made a reservation for lunch, it was extremely necessary, but there wasn't any wait. Definitely want to go back!笑
We have already been to Bonfyre twice since it opened.  I was impressed that someone had the guts to open a genuine and unique restaurant in this economy.  Bonfyre is not part of a chain - big plus.  They appear to have a real chef - also a plus.
Pros- Good variety in the menu, inexpensive soups, side salads, and desserts, friendly service.  Pleasant atmosphere, nice decor, great location for easy on-off the beltline.
Cons- Our food was surprisingly salty, our first server was very inexperienced and made many mistakes - his attitude made up for it though.笑
What a difference some time has made! I've returned to Bonfyre several times since the unfortunate visit the prompted my first review, and the service has greatly improved. Anything that's a bonfyre creation has been delicious, and I'm pleased that I can now go in not prepared to do battle!笑
I had a little over-the-holidays reunion with some old college friends and chose this venue based upon a fellow Yelper's recommendation. I was very pleased with the choice. We all fit nicely into one of their clubby booths, and we were seated rather quickly, even on a busy Monday night. I like the vibe immediately, the layout of the bar vs. the dining areas, and the urbane feel of the place. I had no difficulty finding something good for dinner, with the ample choices of appetizers, flat breads, burgers and sandwiches. Good beer and wine choices to accompany them, too. I opted for the rib-sticking entree choice of pan-fried walleye, while my dining companions chose flat breads and the gumbo (or was it jumbalaya?) At any rate, smiles and full tummies all around. My two filets of walleye were served with mashed potatoes and green beans, both very fresh and well-executed. Our server was friendly without being obsequious, and our meals arrived in a timely manner. This is definitely a place where I would come again with a group, or dine solo at the bar. Great atmosphere, good food and service.笑
Stopped in for an early lunch with some friends and found 5-10 Badger fans having Bloody Mary's at the bar prior to a Badger game (they have a shuttle service to the games).  All was jovial, but our table of 3 had a hard time getting seated as we waited in the bar for a table.  After asking 3 x and waiting nearly 30 minutes in a nearly empty restaurant, we were a bit frustrated but the food and table service was fine.笑
Ordered calamari, curry mussels and crab cake and roasted chicken with mash potatoes and string beans.  Crab cake was under cooked and terrible.  Calamari was ok, mussels were small!  So disappointed:-(笑
This review is about service, because we walked out before ordering. We have gone to Bonfyre for years and have enjoyed the food. In fact, we went armed with a coupon sent to us because of our past patronage. However, although we got there early on a Saturday (6:25) and the place was not crowded, the manager(?) asked if we had a reservation. We had never been asked that before. We then requested seating outdoors and although only two tables had patrons, we were given the worst of the remaining tables. They clearly gave us the impression they didn't want our business, so we left. Maybe they were worried because they had prom couples coming later. If there was some reason, they never told us.笑
I liked the food. The fish tacos and guacamole were great the service was fast and the atmosphere was cool I highly recommend this place笑
Bonfyre tries. They have interesting architectural elements (disclaimer - I used to work for the firm that designed Bonfyre), comfortable seating and a nice ambiance for the 'burbs.  That's about where my pleasant experience ended.

For one, our table was in front of the fireplace - the back of my chair was less than two feet away from the glass enclosure. On a frigid November evening, you'd think that'd be wonderful, but it was SO HOT. I literally felt as if I was getting a sunburn, and coats facing the fire were untouchably hot. It was so profoundly uncomfortable, even after we asked them to turn the fireplace down (they wouldn't turn it all the way off). 

The table for 7 was not meant to hold that many, and once our appetizers and drinks arrived we were forced to hold the bulky menus in our laps because there was no longer anywhere to set them down. The appetizers were ok in taste but lacking in critical elements they advertized. The truffle fries needed more truffle oil or a better dip. There was no gravy on the poutine (I don't even know how it's called poutine without it, but I digress), but instead an oily "poutine sauce" that didn't seem to have a flavor - it just seemed like curds and fries in extra oil.  The artichoke dip was good but so very greasy. 

As a non-meat eating person (I just don't really like meat, sorry) who also dislikes cilantro, my menu options were very limited, but I expected that at a grille (the restaurant wasn't my choice). I was excited to see a margherita flatbread option, but again was terribly disappointed.

Margherita is hard to screw up. big slices of fresh mozz. Tomatoes that can take center stage - heirloom, roma, sundried, something. Basil leaves. Drizzling of a good balsamic. Done.  Nope. None of that. Instead I got a grocery-store style thin crust with a thick base of shredded pizza-mozz, with mealy and yet unripe beefsteak slices and a half-sphere of a tiny fresh mozz ball on top of each slice. No balsamic or any dressing of any kind. The whole thing was just barely dusted with shredded basil and mostly tasted like a totinos pizza with no sauce.  I had a greek side salad with it that came with no dressing on it or with it at all - just some olives, red pepper, and feta on a bed of dry greens.

They did have a delicious malbec, so at least the night was not a total waste. The server, however, forgot to bring me the soda I ordered after it was clear I'd had plenty of malbec, and only refilled our party's water glasses once. Between the excessive heat, drinking the wine too quickly to wash down the bland, sticky, greasy food, I was left chewing ice just to keep from passing out.

Turn the heat down on the patrons and up on the menu, and I can see that it'd be a nice place.笑
This place was really good the two times I ate there. The service was decent, the environment is really cool, and the food is fantastic.
Service - I thought the service was decent. One person I was with said the waitress took his beer away before he was finished with it, but I didn't see so can't really confirm it. When we got there, we were seated pretty promptly, but I think they forgot that we sat down because it took about 5 minutes for someone to come around, and they asked us if we were taken care of. 
Onto the Environment - I really like the environment there. It's modern and laid back. I was there both times with my work team, and it was perfect for a work gathering. It would be good to take a date there. The bar area is really cool, lots of seats available. Handful of TV's on the wall too.
Regarding the food/drink - One time I had the Rotisserie Chicken which was pretty good. The next time I had the Chicken Parmesan which was awesome (I've been avoiding dark meat lately). We also got Calamari and Crab Cakes for appetizers. I didn't try the Crab Cakes, but the Calamari was awesome. I was told the Crab Cakes were ok, but the Calamari was better. The drink menus are pretty good too. I had some Spotted Cow and Ale Asylum Hopaliscious (sp?) which are both not available in Chicago.

Overall, I would recommend going to this place. The food is awesome, and the drink selection is good.笑
Kind of mediocre to be honest considering the prices.
If you have a pizza speciality with a special grill, why do you offer fish and steak? 
Furthermore, why is the steak so dxpensive for what it is? Just makes no sense to me.

It feels like Applebees for everything other than what uses the pizza oven.

At least the service and drinks come quick?
Notice how there are TVs there for sports games.
So, is it an upscale Applebees or a low grade fine dining establishment?
It is Madison, a college town, in the middle of Wisconsin.

I'll skip this place unless I'm looking for a thin pizza with a beer. Even then, is $13 for that really worth it?笑
Amazing food. I've yet to be let down here and have to say the short rib grilled cheese is my favorite item on the menu. Wanting to go back to try the buffalo lollipops since they were out and appear to be a popular item.笑
I've never had a bad experience here.   Food, especially their soups, are very good.  I recently planned to meet some friends here but misjudged their lack of parking.  I don't mind walking in the summer, but in the winter you can freeze your butt off..but once inside, it's well worth it!笑
I went to Bonfyre due to a request from my parents, and I'm not sure I ever would have gone there otherwise... Not because it looks shady or anything, but for some reason it was just not on my radar.  It is located right off the beltline, and just never caught my interest.

I am glad I got to try Bonfyre.  The decor is nice, it is a bit more mid range in price, and has quite a few interesting offerings.  I ordered the lamb burger with asian slaw.  We also ordered the seafood appetizer.  The seafood was wonderful!  I don't think I ever ate such big chunks of Calamari, and it was not chewy at all - which I appreciate.  

The lamb burger was topped with tzatziki sauce, shredded cucumber, and red onion.  The shredded cucumber was a bit overkill as it was piled on a little too high. I disliked. A couple or few fresh slices would have been plenty and would have balanced the flavors with a crisp freshness.  Instead the shreds were soft, mushy, and had no crunch.

The lamb itself was wonderfully cooked and the burger bun they used was perfect for the dish.

All around an ok experience.  I wouldn't mind trying a few other offerings from the menu.笑
Great server, Amos.  Wine was good.  I had the Malbec special.  We all enjoyed the food.  not so bad for a crowd from Boston in Madison, WI.笑
Good food, usually competent staff, horrible management that ruined the evening.

Been here plenty of times, food was always great.  Tonight, the medium rare steak came to the table bloody and cold.  Our awesome waitress Codi quickly took it back for more grill time.  Unfortunately, it came back still cold and this time chewy; a whole new steak was put on the grill for us.

That's when we got to meet the assistant manager.  He was cocky, condescending and unhelpful.  He asked our interpretation of medium rare, explained that we were wrong and that the new steak would be medium - in case the previous one was just a bad cut.  Our waitress had already told us a new steak would be brought out soon, so the only thing we wanted from Dan was a sincere word or anything to make the experience better.  Instead we got belittled by his thorough explanations.  And paid full price. 

We ended up sharing one entree while we waited and skipped the second drink / dessert.

TLDR For a $100 receipt, the management here will drive me to other choices in town in the future.  Too bad, usually a great restaurant.笑
I got together with a group of friends on a Wednesday night. It was relatively busy but we got a table quickly. Those seats are first come, first serve. So we lucked out. I have been here before and had to wait. 

Appetizer: Truffle Fries- I thought these were good but not amazing, I have had the Blue Chips before which I preferred. 

Main Course: I had the Gnocci with chicken. It was a large helping but was a little overloaded with vegetables and sauce. I would have like to have more pasta rather than a hearty helping of sauce and veggies. 

Desert: Even though we ordered no dessert, the waitress upsold me pretty good. I am a sucker for sales habits like that. After she brought a cheesecake mousse and set it in front of me with different kinds of cookies or candy crushed into them. For $2.50 it was a heck of a deal and I promptly choose the one made with Oreo. 

Beverages: Our table shared a bottle of Louis M. Martini Cabernet Sauvignon from 2009. I then ordered a Brandy Old-fashioned Sweet. They muddled the orange and cherry at the bottom  (my preferred method) with two blue cheese olives. 

Service: The service was great. We had a young lady named Kate who was incredibly helpful and very knowledgeable of both the beverage list and menu. 

I would recommend this place to anyone, and is quite convenient being right of the beltine in Madison.笑
Have never had a bad meal here. Service is always great. We come here for special occasions because we know it will be well worth the money spent. It is not outrageously expensive but you get high quality food at a good price. The rotisserie chicken is yummy and my husband loves the steak. Flourless cake is the best.笑
Our first time here for valentines day was excellent. The second time was not however. Therefore it gets 3 stars. I made my reservation on opentable and requested a booth. Well, that didn't happen and nothing was done for my gf's birthday. Kind of odd. 

We'll be going back for sure. The food is excellent but the service was lacking the second time around. Maybe we hit it on a bad night.笑
Thank you so much for the gracious service, even though we came in shortly before closing time.  It's wonderful to have such a friendly restaurant with good food, drinks, and atmosphere in a convenient location.  Much appreciated and highly recommended!!笑
Went here for a Valentine's Day dinner and overall it was an A-OK experience (exactly what Yelp calls a 3 star review). The food was good, the drinks were good, the service was good. Nothing spectacular, but nothing too bad either. The ambiance of this restaurant is probably the best part, the big fireplace, the secluded seating, and the lighting was very nice. LikeI said, it was okay.笑
Cute cute place with good food! Surprising since it's on the first floor of an office building but I'm not judging by the cover;)

We had the cheese fondue as an appetizer which was so so good!!! 
The Mahi entree I had was a little more rare then I'd like but it was a good new experience. I loved the asian cabbage slaw and the sticky rice was divine. There was sauce on the mahi and on the plate but it was not overwhelming at all. They know what they are doing there! I would TOTALLY go back again!!!笑
Nice ambience but the food doesn't quite justify the cost.  The salmon burger was a little boring.  My boyfriend said the southwest salad was better at Red Robin.  Our bartender was friendly.   I'll be back to check out brunch before I make any final decisions.笑
Went during dinner time and had to make reservations. The waitress was really nice and always came to check in with us. Unfortunately, the food isn't all that good to need a reservation and the starter food tasted better than the entrees. I had the fried calamari and ahi tuna for starters and rib eye steak, jambalaya, and lobster ravioli for entrees. The jambalaya tasted different from any jambalaya I have ever tasted. It had a strong spice taste to it that I just ate 2 spoons and threw away the rest. The steak was juicy and tender, but the steak looked like a steak you get at like dennys or something. The lobster ravioli contain 3-4 pieces of mini bite sizes of lobster only and everything else was cheese despite being called lobster ravioli. Overall for the price and the food quality, I won't be returning to this restaurant. I would rather spend my money on something more fancy since the prices can compare.笑
Loved it!  The vibe in this place is awesome.  Interesting interior and decor.  The food was moderately priced with more than enough.  You will be goin home with extras.  Give it a shot.  I think you'll like it.笑
If it had been about 20 degrees cooler (okay, about 40 degrees cooler) I probably would have really enjoyed the outdoor patio with a firepit.  Nevertheless, I did enjoy the ambiance in the air conditioned indoors.  Wide, tall windows let in a lot of natural light and the wood tables and high celings offer a modern feel.  

The menu didn't have a huge variety for vegetarians (flat bread pizzas $10/14 or a veggie sandwich -$9.50).  I opted for the sandwich, which ended up being more of an open-faced flatbread with stacked veggies and (a bit too much) cheese.  Definitely a knife and fork sort of an entree,  no picking this puppy up! 

We started with the spinach and artichoke dip, which was good and had a little spice to it, but also didn't seem to have quite enough substance for my taste.  It seemed a bit thin and more liquidy; I guess I'm used to more hearty spinach dips.  The table still enjoyed it, so WHEW for that.  The rest of our group had the ribs (1/2 slab was plenty - $18) and the rotisserie chicken ($14) -- both of which were hits.  

Overall, I liked the atmosphere more than the food, meaning I probably wouldn't go out of my way to go back.  The service was good, and I definitely appreciated the server's honesty about the size of the cheese board and making other suggestions that were more appropriate for our group!笑
Update: Since my review I was contacted by their sincere manager and she was very professional in responding to our experience. She was sincerely apologetic and because of that we are likely to return and try this establishment again.笑
We went on Sunday night for an early dinner, and we walked right in and were seated promptly. I had the herb chicken and ribs, and they were both extremely tasty and well presented. My wife ordered the rotisserie chicken, and it was outstanding. It was perfectly cooked, and the portion was very generous with the entrée and the included sides. We took our son, and the kids menu items were numerous including a rotisserie chicken option and all priced at a reasonable 4.99 including a drink.

Decent beer selection, and the fire and ice bloody mary is something to see!笑
This place is definitely great! A few friends and I went and ordered a bunch of things. I had the pork shoulder grilled cheese, and shared a seared fish taco with a friend. The pork shoulder was tender and well paired with the gruyere and other cheeses in the grilled cheese. The fish taco was fabulous: it had tons of toppings and the fish was very well prepared. We also had the ahi tuna appetizer. The tuna was perfectly cooked and the sauce was phenomenal. I even opted for the mousse as a dessert. It is inexpensive, delectable, and a great, light dessert. I highly recommend checking this place out.笑
I had the pleasure of enjoying Bonfyre on a busy Saturday evening. We walked in at about 6 pm. We were immediately seated near the back by the wine lockers. I had to ask because at first I didn't know what they were... For $300 a year you can store your own bottle of wine in these babies. You can bring your own wine in, or purchase form Bonfyre. 

Getting on to the service and food. We ordered the coconut mussels. They were absolutely delicious, the cam with bread and we ordered more bread as the coconut sauce was so good. Then our food came out, in my opinion they rushed us through our appetizer on to our entree's. We like to socialize a bit before having our entrees. I ordered Mort's Pot Roast with spinach, wine glaze, shiitakes, garlic and baby carrots, plus, some asparagus. It was delicious, every bite was a kick in the mouth it was so good. It tasted very homemade. Two other people in my party ordered the Lobster Ravioli, I was told it was pretty good but nothing to write about it. The fourth person ordered the Chicken Wrap, she said it was very good and had a great overall taste. 

Once we finished up our entrees we asked for our check, I found it funny how they rush to get you your food then they take forever for you to get your check... We suspected it was a chain but our waiter confirmed it's an independent restaurant that is owned by 8 investors. Prices were good, the Pot Roast was $16.50, Lobster Ravioli was $19.00 a plate, and the chicken wrap was $9.50. 

I have to admit, before we came here we heard some not so great things about the place. I had been eager to try it for sometime now, I will agree with other posters when they say it's cold in there. I don't know why it feels so cold but at 6 pm in the evening the temperature should be pretty comfortable. 

I will be back Bonfyre, don't you go anywhere now!笑
Trendy place with good food and service. Drinks are a little pricey but very tasty. Gets crowded but lunch is good with a ton of parking笑
This review is based on only one visit, but I don't think we'll try it again.  I think the biggest issue was the service.  We waited quite a while before a waitress even arrived to fill our water glasses.  She made a couple of other brief stops later, but that was it.  Not especially friendly and not too concerned about our party of two.  

The food was ok.  I had the house salad and the pork tenderloin.  It was super salty.  My dining companion had the Caesar salad and the fettuccine alfredo.  He was pretty happy with his entree.  They do have a good assortment of beers and quite a few wines by the glass.

The decor is pretty nice.  Everything is very polished in a Cheesecake Factory/PF Chang's kind of way.  The place is also quite large, so I doubt there is ever a terrible wait.  I do like that they use Open Table for reservations.笑
The architecture here is really cool. Although, admittedly, in the end it sort of ends up feeling like a fern bar. But the food is good. Irish margaritas will take care of you. And the spinach artichoke dip is the best I've ever had, hands down.笑
Best steak in the big city! Also,  get the butternut squash soup.  It is to die for. Prices are fair and the service is pretty good.  I've come for lunch and dinner and both times I was more than impressed.笑
Interesting brunch. Different. Coffee is great and the service was really good. I usually give 5 stars but I had to go down one just because the food was just okay. Well there was some highs and lows. Mostly highs. 

We ordered the truffle fries because honestly...we just can't pass them up if we see them on the menu. Yeah, a little weird for a breakfast appetizer but well worth it. Very tasty. 

I ordered the crab cake Benedict because one, it usually doesn't disappoint and two, waiter suggested it. I have to say though, it didn't live up to the hype. Compared to some of the other crab cake Benedict's I've had...this one was just in the middle. The egg might of been a little too pouched and the portion of the crab cake was on the tiny side. I didn't see much there and I wasn't getting a huge crab flavor. The breakfast potatoes are interesting for such a nice restaurant. Seems a little cheap looking and they were just okay. Waiter did a great job of explaining them to us. A little different. 

My wife ordered the herb roasted chicken and eggs. One of her eggs had a little slime to it so that was a little unappealing. Over easy is a gamble of course but the one needed maybe some more time. Her bacon was absolutely delicious. Oh my goodness. Bacon EXACTLY the way I like it.

The salads we both got were good. Wife liked it a lot more than I did. Just didn't seem like it went well with breakfast. My wife really liked it. The waiter told us later that we could of substituted the salad for fruit if we wanted I think for a surcharge though. Would of been nice to know prior to ordering but I guess we over looked the salad part of ordering. Had me at crab cake Benedict and whatever else was meaningless to me. :) portion wise, I wish I had gotten more for what I paid in regards to the Benedict. That's really it. Overall, good and we will come back. Menu looks great.笑
I was part of a business dinner group of four eating at the restaurant Monday July 6th. One person was from out of state..Oregon...and one was in food service at Disney. While I  Ilive"in the neighborhood"'.'' I  travel internationally.   

This brings me to a disappointing review. Appetizers adequate. Meals, substandard. The strip streak was a vein steak. When the waitress was told..and it was at the end of the meal, the customer said please tell the chef.  No one came to discuss. The restaurant was not busy. There was no one at the reception desk to ask how was the meal. Staff seemed to be chatting at the bar.  Two of us had the sea food grill.  I felt for the price...nothing special...tasteless and the salmon was like dried chicken. I will write year the scallops were very nice.  Our guest from Oregon who ended up having chicken parmesan due to his first order not being available said his "ok".笑
Went there for a company dinner, and was pretty impressed. It is on the pricey side so I probably wouldn't go back again unless it was a special occasion but, wow, was it good. We ordered a cheese board to start things off and all cheeses were delicious. For dinner I had the Lobster Ravioli...omg best thing I've eaten in a long time. It was AMAZING!! Ended the night with a bourbon apple cider. Made for one good night!  Everyone else I went with enjoyed their food very much as well.笑
Went here on a date with my boyfriend. The restaurant itself actually smells like a bonfire. Which I thought was super quirky, but later found out that this is because of the rotisserie they have in the back. Still cool.

They label their menu with what options are gluten free - awesome.
It's a little pricey - we had 2 entrees, 3 drinks and one of their dessert shooters and the bill was $75.
Service was great.
Herb rotisserie chicken was awesome. The meat was super flavorful and not dry at all. The mashed potatoes that come with it were also delicious. Green beans were meh.
My boyfriend had the ribs and he said they were some of the best he's had in a restaurant. His came with corn that seriously tasted like it came out of a can and had way too much black pepper in it. Meh.
I tried the white chocolate cheesecake dessert shooter (gluten free of course) and it was yummmmmmy.

Overall a nice place to come on a date , or any occasion I guess, when you want to get out of the downtown craziness and don't mind spending a pretty penny.笑
While Bonfyre American Grille does many things well, I have yet to experience that "WOW!" moment when I dine there.  While the kitchen staff is technically sound, the composition of the dishes lacks those finishing touches that separates good food from great.

During a recent visit, I dined with a group of twenty in the executive dining room, where the noise levels that sometimes plague the main dining room were not a problem.  Bonfyre assigned two servers to the room who managed the evening in a very professional manner.  My one observation about the servers is that never introduced themselves or established a rapport with the room as is common at fine dining establishments.

Our group started things off with some Maytag Bleu potato chips ($9) and the truffle fries ($8).  While I enjoyed the combination of the pepper jack cheese and Maytag blue cheese on the potato chips, I thought it was a bit out of balance.  I would have enjoyed more blue cheese.  The chips not covered in cheese had a wonderful crunch.  However, the cheese covered chips lost that crunch, making for a texture-less mass in the middle of the plate.  If the cheese was made into a dip, then this dish might shine more than it did as presented.  The large plate of shoestring fries were well seasoned, but were served with a miniscule portion of aioli that gone before I could sample it. 

For the next course, I elected to go with the butternut squash soup ($3).  This was my least favorite dish of the night.  It broth lacked a depth of flavor experienced with other versions of this soup.  This soup lacked the satisfying natural sweetness of roasted squash.  Instead, the sweetness came from the chunks of granny smith apple and a generous does of honey.  The soup needed more of a savory element to balance out the added sweetness, some thyme or sage maybe.  The soup could have used some croutons to provide some textural contrast.  The apples lost their crunch by the time the soup was served.  

I am a fan of short ribs - the Bonfyre version ($17) is served with a gaujillo sauce, green beans, and garlic mashed potatoes.  The kitchen did a terrific job preparing the short ribs.  After being braised in beer, they were fork-tender with no veins of fat.  The gaujillo sauce provided some appreciated heat, but it was rather one dimensional, lacking the layers of flavor found in a great sauce.  The mashed potatoes were creamy with just the right amount of garlic to compliment the other items on the plate.  The green beans had some bite to them but were unevenly seasoned.  There was a dollop of garlic in the center of the serving, so some of the beans were bland, while others were overpowered by the seasoning.  The serving size with just right - I was full without feeling bloated afterward.

My near wow moment came at dessert.  Our group was served a variety of six different cream cheese parfait style desserts.  As soon as our server said those magical two words (salted caramel), I knew what option I wanted.  I had high expectations and Bonfyre delivered in spades.  This dessert had great balance of sweet and salty with an explosion of caramel flavor and a wonderful creamy texture.  It is the one dish I would go out of my way to order again.  

This is one of those reviews where I dislike the Yelp star rating.  There were no fatal flaws in any of the courses.  However, I did not experience a brush with greatness either.  The three star definition of A-OK is a better representation of my experiences at Bonfyre than the four star definition of "I'm a fan".  Looking at the other reviews, it appears the restaurant manager reads the reviews and makes tweaks based on those comments.  My hope is that Bonfyre will continue to improve its game and convert me into a fan.笑
Went here for a friend's birthday since they can accommodate larger groups. I haven't heard amazing things about Bonfyre, but I *had* heard that their rotisserie chicken is really good. $17 and it came with a side of mashed potatoes and zucchini. The chicken was pretty delicious. I also ordered a fig martini, which was just okay. It did not look appetizing AT ALL, and the consistency was pretty chunky. Frankly, it looked like a glass of vomit. I definitely would never order it again even though it tasted decent. All in all, the service was good and it's definitely good for groups. A little pricey IMO considering there are other more affordable and more interesting restaurants around the area.笑
Absolutely delicious! Make sure to order something that was made on the wood grill. The crab cakes were amazing, as well as the shrimp (delicious- not overcooked), and the rotisserie chicken salad. I also got the dessert. After leaving, my friend and I didn't feel too full. The food is excellent, and the portion sizes are just right!笑
Came here during Epic UGM on a Monday night. Great atmosphere and our server was knowledgeable and courteous. The cheese plate was a great appetizer as it was not too filling and gave our group the opportunity to try some awesome cheeses. The grilled and raw oysters were crowd-pleasers, too. I had the walleye as I'd never had that fish before and was operating on the "when in Rome" principle. We tried to do that with the cheese curds, which they were out of - how do you run out of cheese in Wisconsin? They were also out of one of the cheese platter cheese choices, as well as soprasetta. Our server also told us they were running low on filet. Would have been 5 stars, but they clearly had not prepared their food inventory for one of the biggest events of the year in the area.笑
I really like Bonfyre.  Great place for lunch with my girlfriends.  I always get the wedge salad it is excellent.  I had the burger which they are not known for but really like it.  They also bring out dessert shots   They are perfect sized and very reasonable.  I love the salty Carmel笑
Went with friends on a Friday night. Busy but not bad. Ordered the 8 oz filet medium rare. Steak was fantastic, and cooked closer to rare than medium and served Oscar style. Great service, great  food, will be back again.笑
I wouldn't really recommend it.

There really isn't anything great about this place.  

To be completely honest, I had a bad experience with the hostess, that was completely uncalled for.  Well, we came at 9pm (open untill 11) after a LONG day and we were interested to get a drink before heading home for the night (it was on our way and we hadn't tried it).  There were about 2 tables taken in the entire place- it was a Tuesday night.  She asks if we want a table or a booth- and leads us back- all the way back to the very end of the place- in a weird booth by bathroom and kitchen!  (Again- it was not at all busy). 

Then she turned and asked if "this was okay?"  I can't lie- so I said I felt like it was kind of far back- and she said "Fine, then sit where-ever you want."

"Thank you" said I, "this looks better" and I chose a table/ booth in the same section.

...
...
...

(Let it be known that I am super sweet- she asked, and I was just being honest and communicating)


...


Okay, I am getting REALLY thirsty!

After about 20 minutes a waitress serving a table near us turns and sees us and smiles.  The waitress for our table comes out and apologizes- she says that the hostess "forgot to tell her" that we were seated up there.

Whatever!  To be fair, the food was okay and the waitress was nice.  But what the heck!  I wasn't rude- and I hate the kind of place where you have to be to get treated fairly.  Come on!  Maybe some people would have gotten upset and said something waiting that long- but I don't want to have to be confrontational when I am out to dinner.  I want to treat people politely -and I expect the same.笑
My friends and I came here on a Saturday night for dinner based off recommendations, and I was super excited to try this place for the first time. 
 
It was a Saturday night so it was naturally a little more busy than usual. My friend and I split the appetizer Truffle Fries ($9). They came out pretty quickly considering how busy it was. The fries were crisp and delicious with the garlic ranch sauce that came on the side. My friend and I also ordered the Wood-Fyred Mixed Grille Special ($29) which would've came with a sirloin, herb chicken, and BBQ ribs. When one of the waiters came out with with "our plate", we noticed it didn't have the steak, only the BBQ ribs and herb chicken. We thought the waiter would just bring the steak out separately, but then a couple of minutes after we had dug into our meal, the waiter came out and explained that they had a mix up and we actually received a different order; the BBQ Ribs & Herb Rotisserie Chicken ($25). The waiter said she could bring it back to the kitchen to get us our original order, but my friend and I just decided to keep the plate we already had. The ribs were tender and moist with pretty good BBQ sauce, and the herb chicken was well seasoned. There was also a side of coleslaw and fries which I appreciated. 

In addition to this first mix up, one of the waiters brought out a plate for my other friend that was NOT at all what he had ordered. Apologizing once more, the waiter had switched up the orders. 

When we got our checks, we noticed that one of our other friends got charged for a drink he did not buy so we also had to clear that mix-up with the waiter too. 

All in all, the food at Bonfyre was pretty good; however, for the amount of money I spent, I hoped for better service. I know it was a busy day for the restaurant, but I was expecting something a little more from this place. Maybe I just came on an off-day, but I do hope I will have a better experience on my next visit to Bonfyre Grille.笑
Fair prices and great food. I've had many items from the menu, and have never been disappointed. There is a great balance between price, quality and quantity. Not only is the food delicious, the menu is huge! There is truly something for everyone. 

Recommendations: 
Truffle fries and aioli (so addicting!)
Roasted chicken and ribs (both are mouthwatering)
Walleye (the breading is light, and the fish has very good flavor)
Pot Roast (just like mom used to make!)
Chicken Parmesan with Alfredo (better than most Italian places in Madison)笑
Our 40 person rehearsal dinner at Bonfyre was wonderful!  The staff was helpful, organized and positive from the minute we started planning with Jonny & Jamie.  The wait staff was professional and delivered drink orders throughout the night, meaning that our guests could mingle and never had to wait in line at the bar.

There was no need to fuss over details like centerpieces or name cards - this was included in the contracted price and was executed flawlessly.  The private dining room set the mood for our event - long wooden tables, low lighting and our slideshow playing on a large mounted flat screen in the background.

Then there was the food!  We worked with Jonny & Jamie on a custom menu and communicated our guests' choices the week of our event.   Appetizers, main courses and desserts were all very tasty and the large portions ensured that no one left hungry.

Great value for the price, abundant parking, business casual atmosphere, highly recommended!笑
Visited this place a few times. Every time I've been there I have been please. The only thing I recommend for this place is they need some type of assistance in their lunchtime parking.笑
For the last 4+ years I've lived in Madison, I've always driven by Bonfyre on the Beltline thinking this was just some other American Bar/Grill restaurant. But boy was I wrong! I came here last Wednesday night with some family friends and my boyfriend, and I was surprised to find that the reservations we had made were much needed! The restaurant was very full at around 6pm (so make your reservations, people!). 

We were seated in a large, cosy booth. The ambiance was nice, although a bit too dark for us. That was only an issue when ordering off the menu, but that's just personal preference in my opinion. We ordered the fried calamari and the mussels in a light curry broth to start with.The calamari is FANTASTIC! Not the tiny rings that you typically get at a normal restaurant, these are large, generous pieces that are lightly battered and fried till golden brown. Mussels were also really fresh and delicious, the broth goes very nicely with bread as we waited for our entrees to come out. 

As per the reviews, I really wanted to try the rotisserie chicken, but the Seafood Trio was calling my name. Seafood portions were generous, although the collard greens were a bit too tangy for me. I'll let this fly, since I'm not a fan of vinegary dressings. 

Service was also good, they were very attentive although they seemed very busy. Nice atmosphere for a casual dinner, and the food is amazing. I'll be back to try the rotisserie chicken (and most likely everything else on the menu)!笑
Very nice place, modern and stylish decor and atmosphere. We went for an early dinner on Saturday night (5:30). It was quite busy, fairly loud, & very dark in our area. We asked to have the lights brought up since we were having trouble even seeing the menu. The lights were brought up for about 5 seconds then dimmed again. Our server asked if it was better, we said no & she said sorry and that was it, not a huge deal. My seafood trio was decent, the salmon was good, the shrimp were slightly chewy, & the scallops were OK if a bit gritty, it happens. She had chicken & ribs which she quite enjoyed. My cocktail was rather good & service was very fast. As dinner progressed it got much louder & very busy. Since the table next to us was very loud rude teenagers we decided to grab the last two seats at the bar for dessert. The entrance was packed at this point. We sat next to a fantastic gentlemen named Paul who we chatted with & enjoyed each other's company. It was tough to get the bartenders attention since they were so busy, but service e was adequate considering. We saw all the food come out and it all looked very very good. I would come back but I'd opt for steak next time. It was busy, so the place is obviously popular.笑
Should think about this place for a simple atmosphere and a good drink. Very nice staff!!笑
We ate there yesterday for the first time. My husband ordered fish tacos and I had the five shrimp with sticky rice. He loved his dish. The fish had a nice, slightly spicy sauce on them. It was Mahi Mahi. The shredded veggies were also just perfect. He said he would order it again. I also liked the dish I had. The asparagus was delightful. The rice section was very bland, but our waitress brought some soy sauce for me. This improved everything. I would just ask for soy sauce when ordering this dish again. I would order it again. We also shared a small dessert in a glass. It was boston cream pie. Very tasty. I was happy they had the nice, little desserts. Anything else would have been too much. It was perfect. We will definitely go back. The prices were very reasonable.笑
I have very mixed feelings about this place.  The food was absolutely amazing as was our server.  The reason for my rating is their group policy.   My fiance and I invited a small group of friends out for a double birthday dinner.  There were only 8 of us there and it was a nice time to catch up with people we hardly ever see.  Seconds (literally!) after we were served, a manager came to our table and told us she would need our table within a half hour for another reservation.  Seriously!?  That really put a damper on the mood at our table.  I wrote a complaint about this and the response was that they have a time limit for parties of 8 or more. So... when we made the reservation for 8, why wasn't this mentioned?  We spent quite a bit of money there as everyone at the table ordered multiple drinks..   They did send us a $25 gift card as an apology but considering how much our bill was, it wasn't much of one.  So if you're planning to have a gathering of 8 or more people, do yourself a favor and go elsewhere.笑
Bonfyre ... what happened to you?  I used to have two (yes, two) five star reviews for Bonfyre.  But recently, my experiences have been less than spectacular.  I'd give it 3.5 stars if I could, but I couldn't justify 4.  
First off, the desserts have started to taste old and stale.  My last one was literally so stale that the top was solid (it's supposed to be mousse).  The wait for the food has gotten annoyingly long and the service is starting to slip.  These are all things that have set Bonfyre apart from other restaurants.  The food used to be out before you could blink and the service was soooo attentive.  They'd ask you if you wanted a refill before you realized you needed one.  Their food is still pretty good (mostly).  I used to never be disappointed by the food but now sometimes it's like "eh, I've had better".  So, now they're OK, nothing to write home about.  So, Patrick Q from Bonfyre - it's ironic that you commented on my 5 star Bonfyre review that I wrote in May, because it reminded me that it needed updating.  Thanks.笑
Highlights/lowlights

1) really friendly service
2) outdoor seating available
3) good food
4) gluten free friendly

My friend and I ate at Bonfyre on a weeknight with a really nice weather. We asked to be seated outside and we were seated immediately.

Our server got us waters right away and answered all of my gluten free questions about the menu. Our server was super nice and really helpful! 

The menu has a wide variety of dishes from a cheese fondue appetizer to flatbread pizzas, a salmon burger, or jambalaya (which we got!). The gluten free and vegetarian options on the menu are clearly labeled. My friend got the cheese fondue appetizer which was served with bread, chicken and fruit. It looked really good and the server made sure the candle warming the dip was always lit so the cheese would stay warm. My jambalaya (gluten free!) came about 10 minutes later and it looked and tasted great! The shrimp, sausage and chicken were cooked well and the portion was big enough for my dinner and a big lunch the next day. 

Only downside is the restaurant is right off the beltline so if you are sitting outside the view isn't awesome and you can hear all of the traffic passing by.

We will definitely be back at Bonfyre to try some other menu items!笑
I joined a large group of girlfriends at Bonfyre for dinner a couple weeks ago. It was my first time at Bonfyre, and I'm not sure I'll be back.

I ordered a Moscow Mule ($6) to drink, which was good, but the waiter spilled a good portion of the drink on me and the girl sitting next to me. He apologized, but it was a pain to go through the rest of the meal with a soggy shoulder.

For my meal I ordered the Ahi Tuna Salad ($14). When it arrived I was shocked at how small it was! I immediately also ordered a cup of Chicken Tortilla Soup ($3). The Ahi Tuna was really great and the soup was just ok. Upon review of the menu as I'm writing this review, I suspect the waiter gave me the Ahi Tuna Appetizer instead of the entree salad.

The overall experience was under-whelming. I might be willing to give Bonfyre another change, as I suspect my sub-par experience had more to do with my waiter than it did with the restaurant overall.笑
Not impressed, it's been awhile so hopefully they have stepped up their game. Cheese platter overpriced and dull. Duck was disappointing.笑
There are a lot of reviews for this restaurant so I will just give my opinions on the foods I tried on my one visit.  The service was good, we were there early so it was not very busy.  I went with a friend and we shared a number of things.  Seems like everything had too much flavor or not enough flavor.  For the salads, I had the house salad, it was supposed to have Greek dressing but the dressing did not have much flavor, the salad was a bit disappointing.  The Caesar salad, however, was one of the things I thought was very good.  The side Caesar salad was also quite a bit bigger than the side house salad.  The BBQ ribs were disappointing to me, certainly not tough but not really fall off the bone, and a little too spicy.  The pot roast was okay, tender and good quality meat but not spectacular - I found myself wanting to add salt - it was supposed to have mushrooms with it but they were very minimal, the red wine sauce was just a little underflavored to me.  The artichoke orzo was also in the category of not as flavorful as I had hoped it would be.  The mashed potatoes were excellent, just right!  We tried two of the desserts, those little cups of cheesecake-like mooshy stuff - we tried the red velvet which was awesome, and the key lime which was also very good.  So that's what I tried here!  I'd go back....if someone else was paying!笑
Been to Bonfyre twice. Both times it was full but not crowded. All in our groups had a great experience. The food was delicious. Service struck the right balance by being very attentive but not overbearing. Atmosphere was inviting. We all look forward to going back in the future. Highly recommended!笑
Over priced and dissappointing. 

We had reservations and were taken to our table on time, unfortunately the table they took the four of us to was a booth along the bar, the one farthest to the north.  It was so dark in the booth we had to use our cell phone lights to even read the menu.  When I mentioned the lighting to the waiter all he did was chuckle and say they like to turn the lights off at night, not offer another table or any easier source of light. 

My sister in law ordered the Tuna entrre($23) with the squash soup($3.5), my brother inlaw the walleye($18), my husband ordered calamari(11) and cioppino (22), I had the sea bass (28).

First off the appetizers:  The calamari was cut way too thick, almost like planks and it was tough and chewy.  I expected the calamari to be poor since most places have a hard time cooking it correctly, but the soup was just awful.  I don't know what they used for the liquid in the soup but it tasted off, like the milk that had gone bad.  My sister in law couldn't finish it, and after taking a small taste I couldn't blame her. 

After the app plates were cleaned from the table we waited 45 minutes for our main courses.  I thought perhaps our waiter had to go out and catch the fish and clean them himself.  During that time he never came over and offered us more drinks, or said he was sorry for the wait.  For the Entres:  The walleye was good, brother in law was very happy with the dish and felt he got his money's worth.  My sea bass was small for the price, compared to other places I have had it, but the green beans and fries for the sides were good. .  My husband said the cioppino should have had more seafood for the price he paid, though it had a good flavor, it was small.  The Tuna entre was a joke, it came with a huge pile of salad and two tiny medallions of tuna.  She had asked for the tuna cooked rare and it was way over cooked, perhaps because the pieces were so tiny.

I have been to Bonfyre twice before and found the food pricy but acceptable, this was the first time for our guests and we chose this place because they wanted to try it.  It was a huge dissappointment, from the slooooooow service to the overpriced food.   I will not be back, and cannot recommend it to anyone I know.笑
We went to Bonfyre to celebrate our anniversary and were not disappointed. It wasn't crowded for a Saturday night but then again we were there on the early side of the dinner rush. The staff were all courteous, the atmosphere is nice, and there was a good beer selection. The drink menu looked tasty as well, though we didn't try any on this visit. We had the cheese curds as an appetizer and they were AMAZING! Reminded me of the ones the Old Fashioned used to have until they changed their recipe. Somehow Bonfyre managed to make deep fried cheese seem....light and crispy? I would definitely go back just for the curds. I had fish tacos- mix of grilled and fried- and the fried ones were better. The crunch of the batter was a nice texture to contrast the other ingredients, while the grilled fish just blended in and gave the whole thing a little bit of a mushy texture. The sauce was tasty and had a nice kick to it, though. My husband had the jambalaya and it was very good, though somewhat spicy (a positive for us but I could see how it might be a little much if spicy isn't your thing). The menu had a lot of heavy, comfort food that sounded good if it weren't so hot out. We would definitely be up for returning in the winter and trying some of the other dishes. 

Meanwhile, hope the obviously drunk girl at the next table celebrating her 21st birthday with her parents had a good night! She definitely provided us with some quality people-watching while we ate!笑
Hostess had no idea if the restaurant had allergen information about its food. There's a gluten-free menu apparently, but she was absolutely clueless about how (or if) Bonfyre Grille handles other food allergies. We moved on to another restaurant, but I just wanted other diners with food allergies to know that staff at this place may not be the most well-versed in getting you the information you need about ingredients.笑
I have such mixed feelings about this place. My first experience was shortly after it opened and while the food was decent, the service was just, for lack of a better word, weird. Our server was overbearing at times, staying at our table for an awkwardly extended period of time. Impossible to track down at other times.
Didn't go back for awhile, but have recently visited a few times for various reasons. 
My first praise is the tap beer selection & seemingly well-educated bar staff. Unfortunately this knowledge doesn't necessarily transfer over to the service staff. While some are very friendly, they don't seem to know much about the menu items. And with very vague menu descriptions, you may just be surprised with what you get. I'm all about putting a different spin on traditional items, but it's almost as if they're afraid to advertise their adventurous takes on dishes, given the bare bones descriptions.
Overall, I feel the food and service are both hit or miss. We've had both good & bad experiences, been surprised (the mussels were surprisingly great) been disappointed (their "specialty" martinis & cocktails are generally just a bunch of juice without the slightest taste of booze for around $7 a glass). We'll probably go back because it's close & there aren't many options in the area, but not because it's exceptional.笑
Watch out for the hidden costs and poor quality on holidays.

I went here on Easter with my family. Nowhere had we seen advertised a special holiday brunch, but after being seated we were told that the normal $10-$15 per plate brunch had been replaced by a $27/person buffet. Having already been seated, waited for our table, and generally not wanting to make a fuss, we stayed.

The food was mediocre at best and mostly lukewarm. Many things, particularly the mushy prime rib and gelatinous salmon weren't even fully cooked! Adding to this, it was clear that this restaurant is not usually set up for buffets. We had to walk through the server staging area/kitchen to get to the dessert bar and bathrooms. Bad enough for me and my able bodied family members, but really not okay for my 86-year-old grandmother who was nearly run down by servers many times. Add to this the place we were seated in was meant to have about half the tables it did, so every time someone got up from another table, I was run into. Uncomfortable on every level.

Maybe things are better when the menu and crowds are normal but I would never recommend a brunch here to anyone. Save your money and your stomach and go someplace else.笑
The swordfish special was very tasty. They had a good beer list and the atmosphere was nice. Food came out surprisingly fast.笑
I ate at Bonfyre last night for my daughter's birthday.  Party  of seven.  The food was really poor.  Salt seems to be the main spice of the chef.  I got the Jambalaya and for the first time in my 56 years on the planet and thousands of restaurants, I returned the dish.  It was so salty that it was uneatable.  Substituted the lobster ravioli and it too was really salty and in an overly cloying thick sauce that disguised any other flavors in the dish.  My wife's Ceaser salad consisted of an uncut head of Romaine with the bottom brown portion of the head still attached.  Kind of like if you asked your child to prepare a salad.  My other daughter took home her Salmon without eating much of it.  The squash soup tasted like sugar.  Bill was 140 without tip. With big TV's going behind us I thought this is a joke for a restaurant whose entrees range from 17 to 24 dollars.  There are numerous Madison restaurants that will give you way better food for less.  I would not back.  Big disappointment!!笑
Great experience. I have been here twice and both times were great. The wait staff was excellent, food was phenominal, and the smell of the place was awesome. The only thing I didn't think was great were the dessert cheesecakes. They weren't bad, but were average. I highly recommend this place and will for sure be going again.笑
Have to amend this review as we visited 2017 Mothers Day brunch smorgasbord. 
- - - - - - - 
Made reservations for Boss's day, ahhhh errrrr you know what I mean.  Went into a time warp with the huge, complete, crazy great smorgasbord!  I mean I haven't seen food in this new millennium this great for about 2-3 or more decades, aka the good old days.  A few spicy exotics, all the classics with a new twist here or there that any great eatery could offer, I couldn't even get a taste of everything as the selections numbered to high for my aging stomach.  Drinks were awesome for a Mother's day breakfast, including got the boss a coffee, surprisingly good, and restaurant coffee sometimes universally sucks, but not here.  That's a little rough but great coffee is usually not high on many restaurants lists.  All went away pleasantly stuffed (to the gills).  We are going back again next year with more people, and I would suggest making reservations at least 2 weeks before the event.  5  stars now, will up the original above if they come through again for special day or regular day.  
- - - - - - -  
Older review below...........


This was our first visit to Bonfyre.  Definitely won't be our last.  Relatively new place which we pass by almost everyday and always say, we have got to try that place sometime.  Finally we did and for Madison, a great visit. 

     Since we were here for lunch on a sort of Friday (3-9-12) errand run escape we will have to experience dinner before I add another star, but if our visit is any indicator the Bonfyre seems headed for many 5 star quality ratings.  What a pleasant escape it turned out to be. 

     Our waiter was 5 star anywhere.  He obviously not only knew the menu completely but could converse down to all ingredients going into any dish we inquired about.  And we did have several questions. It is so nice to get an educated wait staff, so nice. This is how I learned how the Butternut-Squash soup was prepared and Oh, what flavor, already worth the trip. With tiny apple and red pepper bits floating in the almost clear totally reduced broth,  wow! try some! My entree was the grilled Jumbo Shrimp (5) on sticky rice with cooked veggies of the day and asian slaw, excellent!  Yumm!  The shrimp's seasoning  was excellent.  Needless to say there was nothing left on my plate at luncheons end.  The coffee was also very good, not like the usual brown water fare severed almost everywhere else.  

       The Ms. had Mort's Pot Roast with spinach, wine glaze, shiitakes, garlic and baby carrots, plus, some asparagus added, must be that time of the year?  Loved it!  She also enjoyed the coffee. All the while our waiter, (curse me for not recalling his name), was taking excellent care of us and did his duty to describe the luscious sounding deserts, we just didn't have the space.  This waiter was so good he could have talked about the food there for an hour and been entertaining and informative.  I guess we are lucky to live in a college town that has this caliber of people roaming around with their own storehouse of knowledge to disseminate.

      So of course we will return for dinner and hopefully run into the same great wait staff and be wowed again with excellent tasting food. 

      Now other yelpers have had a lesser experience than I if one reads the Bonfyre  reviews, however I'm going to attribute this to a long slough of correct sizing the staff at any restaurant business.  That can be hard to do anywhere.  We will be visiting the Bonfyre again soon. $$ are okay for this quality of service and cuisine, give the Bonfyre a try, get off the beltline at Todd Drive and do yourself a favor, enjoy a great meal.笑
Highly recommend! The food here is always good. No matter what you order, you can't go wrong. Highlights: The rotisserie chicken is juicy and flavorful. The steaks are cooked so perfectly, they almost melt in your mouth. The salads are delicious; my husband likes to add the salmon with his salad. One of my favorite dishes is Mort's Pot Roast. 

I don't usually get dessert at restaurants, but Bonfyre has great little creamy desserts in shot glasses that are the perfect size if you're looking for a sweet treat.

This is a great place for happy hour. You can get $5 bar plates in the bar area---flat breads, tacos, fries, etc.

This is a nice place to take out of town guests.  You can make reservations, they can accommodate groups well, and you know everyone will be happy with their meal.笑
I've been here several times. Great food and atmosphere. The service was fairly quick. The biggest problem is getting a table which usually the sign of a great restaurant.笑
My husband and I were sorely disappointed in our experience at Bonfyre from start to finish. 

When we first arrived, the gentleman acting as host has no personality in the sense that he did not really greet us. Instead he just stared at us and waited for us to request a table. With a stern frown, he took us to our table where he 'dropped' our menu and walked away. My husband and I had a good laugh about 'Mr. Personality'.

After our waitress came over to take our menus(no complaints about her, she was very nice) my husband and I ordered our food and drinks. I will just go through them by coarse...because honestly I have a negative comment about each.

Cocktails
I ordered a sweet Old Fashioned... Sadly the bartender put twice the amount of bitters that it should have had. It was difficult to stomach and I was forced to add water to in order to consume it. (My husband played it safe and ordered a beer)

Appetizer
We ordered the Ahi Tuna with some sort of spicy slaw? The Tuna was fine but the slaw was over dressed and incredibly sweet. There was so much dressing that it was a soupy mess and not 'light' as you would expect. Plus, the flavor combinations didn't work. They added additional sauced to the dish(a sweet chili sauce and a horseradish sauce I think...)

While we were still eating our appetizer(which came out well before I had two sips on my drink) our salads came out... So the salads just had to sit on the table for awhile before we could eat them.

Salad
Well I ordered the House and my husband ordered the Caesar but for some reason we both got a House salad. My husband didn't want to send it back so we tried to eat the salad. As with the slaw, this salad was WAY overdressed and contained too much balsamic vinegar. Needless to say, that didn't get finished.

Similar to the salad/appetizer timing, the entrees arrived too early and had to sit for a while before we were ready to eat them. I guess I had an expectation that this restaurant boarded the lines of "fine dining" and "bar/grille" so I was hoping for better timing on the service.

Entrees
I ordered the Cioppino and my husband order the Flat Iron Steak. 

Words cannot accurately describe how disappointed I was in the "Cioppino". I wouldn't really call it that, instead I would call it "marinara sauce with some tiny seafood".

The foundation of Cioppino is fish stock ... Which I would say was non existent. It really seemed like they just made a tomato/marinara sauce and added a small amount of liquid too it. Either way, the flavor was just tomato, and the texture was too viscous and chunky. 

Adding to the high viscosity of this meal was the fact that the bread it was served with was lazily dumped in the soup so by the time I received it, had already decomposed in the 'bowl'.

Speaking of 'bowl', when the meal first arrived I was surprised to learn that this was not served in a proper bowl but instead a plate with slightly curved sides. In addition, it was the most unappealing dish I have ever seen. My husband and I joked that It looked like a murder scene.

The seafood was pretty abysmal. When I heard 'scallops' I thought Sea Scallops, not microscopic Bay Scallops. That was a mistake on my part for the assumption, I should have clarified. It was really disappointing though. All the seafood was small. Calamari was small, the 2 shrimp were small, the 10 bay scallops were the size of a dime. Oh right and there were 3 mussels that were.. Okay.

Regardless, the seafood was not appetizing due to the tomato-chunkiness of of the "broth". I didn't eat all that much of it.

This was not like any proper Cioppino I have had before.


My husband was also unimpressed by his flat iron. He ate it silently and without enjoyment.

Random cleaning
So the place wasn't crowded but during the entirety of our meal, there was this waitress who was cleaning the floors right next to us. It was very distracting and annoying. First off, she probably had the floors cleaned in the first 2 minutes, however she persistently lingered for another 15 minutes before walking away and then coming back later to continue. It was almost comical but in reality, my husband and I were annoyed. We are paying about $90 for our meal that was not satisfying and at the same time the staff did not hold a level of professionalism that you would expect from such an establishment(except our waitress, she was fine).

Overall, I would say that the title of one of Madison's Best is erroneous. I do not recommend you waste your time or money here.笑
Good shrimp ap with a real nice spicy kick. 

For about 20 bucks less then flemmings or ruth crist my friend and I got to amazingly good steaks.  Next time I come to Madison I'm eating here again.笑
I work near Bonfyre and have now been there a few times - twice for dinner and a few times for drinks.  I would give it 5 stars for atmosphere - I love the feel of it and even though it is always busy, I think it still has a great feel.  I ate the Ahi Tuna salad, which I thought the tuna was awesome and the salad portion was just good.  I also have had the Jambalya and thought it wasn't anything great. I felt like I was eating something I easily could have created at home.  My husband ate the Pat's Cioppino and thought it was decent.  He appreciated the gluten-free options since he eats gluten-free.  However, they do not have any gluten-free dessert options, so that seemed a bit strange to me since they have gluten-free apps and dinners.  The drinks are great and the bartenders seems to be really on top of things.笑
I remain unimpressed. First time there was with a small work party on a Tuesday night. Instead of being able to gather in the bar (we originally intended the patio, but it was raining), the manager moved us to tables "because it isn't our culture here." So they were able to charge far more for the food since it was off menu and not bar special apps. Then the menu didn't have a quesadilla, although the bar one did (or Korean tacos). The waitress said she'd ask the manager but normally they don't serve bar food in the seating are. Manager came over and said, no, but we were welcome to walk the fifteen feet to the bar, order, wait, and bring it to our table.

Needless to say, customer service is not a management strength.

The food/drinks were suffering from Too Much Syndrome. My blueberry 'mojito' also had mint. What showed up was a tall glass with blueberries, mint leaves (maybe 8?) and rum. I don't know that is was muddled at all, and it was an unusual taste combination. Worked, but just barely. Fish tacos were ok--overmuch plain cabbage for crunch and were unexpectedly spicy, which was not mentioned. Not much fish, but lots of fresh tomato and cabbage. The fig-prosciutto flatbread had a nice thin crust but was impossible to cut with a table knife and was very sweet. Try the one at Salvatores instead for a better flavor balance. Too much fusion without accurate advertising.

Honestly, next time we'll probably go to the Great Dane.笑
I was happy with my meal here.  Chicken was very good.  Steak was good.  I think our check came to about $60 for 2 for entree/appetizer/small dessert.  Seemed pretty reasonable.  Food was very rich--I would have preferred my veggies w/o so much butter, but know I know to order them that way. 

I'll come back again when I'm in the mood for American style food.  Also, the blue cheese potato chips were very good--although pretty rich.  They would be great with a beer.  

I didn't have any of the bad experiences the below patrons had.  Maybe service has improved?笑
I took my mom and dad out for a night in Madison that included a meal.  I was hesitant at first to book at Bonfyre due to how noisy it can get, and my plans were for Saturday evening.  However, I took the plunge and we had a wonderful time!  The food was very good- my dad had the salmon, my mom had roasted chicken and I had the Thai chicken flatbread.  But the best part of my meal was the Fyre and Ice bloody mary - it was HUGE with just tons of extras loaded in including an entire piece of string cheese.  Fun!  The service was excellent, and dessert was just the right size.  This was a great success with my parents. I will definitely be back.笑
The food was absolutely delicious. Steaks cooked to perfection! The flavors were very bold and let u wanting more. The atmosphere of this restaurant is very romantic yet casual. We have decided to make this our regular anniversary spot for a while. Thank you for a wonderful evening.笑
Breakfast best I have ever ever had. Can't wait to go back. I had Crab Bene. Can't wait to go there again. It was truly wonderful--all around including the atmosphere.  I highly recommend it.笑
Ok lets start off the great. The food. Typically is fantastic. The service at the bar... typically fantastic- the gentlemen who I have seen there (extremely short hair in particular) the bar manager was really friendly. The ambiance at night (by the bar more so)... very nice.

The EXTREMELY bad. ALL other parts of service have repeatedly again, and again, and again  inconsistent. We take out from there all the time. Look I was a server and bartender in my day. I get it. But I have literally sat there for 30 minutes waiting for my food that was clearly mine under a heat lamp in a box. You could spot it a mile away. Of course that was not going to keep that thing warm. Again, I sat there today for a work meeting, got seated and they forgot about us for 20 minutes, he seemed new.. and the server was nice-- not her fault maybe? We went there after work two weeks ago, and the server kept bashing our glasses on our plates appologizing for it and then kept doing it over and over again spilling water onto everything. It's the little things that add up all the time. I hate yelp reviews. I would not say that internet views are always the best. But when you go there because food options in the area we work are pretty thin, it's frustrating having the same "question mark" for service-- please stop making me play the lottery on if I will have an enjoyable experience. 

I try very hard to give the benefit of doubt but after the fifth and sixth time this has happened, it has become something to sort of expect.笑
Third visit, and I  left without eating. A testament to how clueless some establishments can be regarding their guests. After I sat at the bar, asked for a menu and water (neither were offered), I was never approached again. Portraying all of the obvious signs of being ready to order, menu down, trying to make eye-contact, for 10 minutes-- not exaggerating here-- 10 full minutes, the bartender then left the bar to get mic'ed up to do an interview! No one covered the bar while he was being interviewed. I did not stick around any longer. I am annoyed and hungry and will not return. 

The worst part is that I recommended this place for brunch to a friend last night!笑
I like that the Bonfyre Grill is in a different part of town. I like that it can accommodate a lot of diners. It has multiple dining areas which have different feels. I like that it has outdoor seating available. I like the ambiance and it smells so good when you walk in. There were a lot of things to like about Bonfyre Grill, I just wish I liked it more.

Although it appears there is a lot of parking available, we actually had a tough time finding a spot. Maybe that should have been my first clue. We were a group of seven dining on a Monday evening. We did get seated very quickly and our hostess gave us all menus. The menus, including the drink menus are extensive and there is something for everyone. I started with a Bloody Mary which our waitress warned me was huge. It was huge and included accouterments such as a sausage stick, cheese stick, pickled onion, mushroom, and celery. I do wish the quality of those accouterments would have been better. The cheese and meat just weren't very good. However, the price was quite reasonable so maybe you get what you pay for.

We ordered appetizers as our drinks were delivered. I was pleased to see some unusual appetizers to try, like blue-cheese potato chips. Although I love blue cheese and I love potato chips, the combination just didn't work very well here. What did work was their calamari appetizer. Rather than squid rings, this was entire squid fillets deep fried with a marinara sauce. Definitely my favorite dish that night.

We had hoped to order our entrees when the appetizers arrived. Actually we had hoped to order them earlier, however our waitress informed us she wasn't ready to take our order. She did come back as we were finishing the appetizers. That kind of summed up the service experience. Although polite, she seemed like she had other things to do than take care of our table. It was busy that night and I'm sure she had a lot to do, but when we go out to eat we are hoping for decent service. This felt very lackluster. Between our group we tried a number of entrees: cioppino, seafood mixed grille, ribs, steak, cobb salad. Everything was fine. Nothing was spectacular.

I wouldn't rule out returning, but I do wish the service and food would have lived up to the atmosphere.笑
My boyfriend and I dine or have drinks at Bonefyre frequently. The food is great. I love their truffle fries as a appetizer. Extremely good. 

I did order a burger once that was a bit burnt. I finished it because it wasn't bad enough to not eat and I do not believe it is the norm. 

Other occasions I've order the chicken jambalaya minus the andouille sausage since I do not eat pork. It is flavorful. Not as spicy as I would like it to be but still a good dish. 

I've never had a drink I did not like and I've tried several. 

Desert menu is pretty diverse which is wonderful.

Wait staff have been friendly. Did once get a gentlemen who seemed like he wasn't have a great day but it wasn't a big issue. 

What would make this a 5 star would be if they add more to their menu. I think it's a bit too limited. Would like to see more range in seafood options.

Overall, great place and comes highly recommended.笑
I've been wanting to go to this restaurant ever since I moved to Madison over a year ago.  We had a reservation and even though it was a busy Friday night, we were seated right away, which I can't always say on a busy weekend dinner rush.  Our waiter was attentive and knowledgeable.  I started with the Irish Margarita- Jameson in a marg!  I'm a whiskey fan and it definitely lived up to my expectations.  For my meal, I had the sirloin steak with chimichanga sauce and a side of twice baked potatoes and vegetables.  My fiancee had the NY strip steak.  We both ordered our meat medium, but mine was probably closer to medium rare and my fiancees was practically still mooing.  It was still good, but I was a little upset that they didn't cook it how we asked for it.  I would definitely recommend the chimichanga sauce on the steak; it added the right amount of kick.  While I'm usually not a fan of onions, the twice baked potato had onions, along with I believe chives and cheese, and I ate practically every bite of it, it was so good!  We finished the meal with a dessert shooter- the peanut butter cup.  It was just the right size and a good price as well, $2.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for a slightly upscale American dinner restaurant.  I also want to give points for the atmosphere and decor.笑
Brunch... what a disappointment. You know, the food was good for the most part, and the selection was rich and plentiful - but the food was slightly below room temperature... all of it, even the cut of roast beef under the heating lamp. That cut of beef was also the most disappointing part of the meal as it was very tough and very chewy... not appetizing at all. Everything else seemed to have potential, but at room temperature, it's just flat and disappointing. The OJ is served in a glass with ice - everywhere I go for breakfast, the OJ is cold in a glass w/out ice. I think their OJ was out of a gun. My friend complained that there was too much ice in his drink as well. Service was adequate, empty plates were cleared in a timely fashion,  and all requests for extra items were tended to immediately. Other than that, I'm going to pass on this place for brunch... certainly not worth $15 a pop if you can't even manage the food temperature correctly. Oh, and the flies... those flies were aggressive and bothersome. I understand it happens at most restaurants at one time or another, but at a place of this caliber, I expect a bit more than having to swing my napkin around like I'm at a Greek wedding.

You know, after writing my Mickies Dairy Bar review, I realized that for the price of an expertly prepared breakfast, granted amid chaos, the bill for my wife, my son, and myself at Mickies came to about $17. The breakfast was hearty, well prepared, and left everyone satisfied. The OJ was fresh, the chocolate milk is amazing, and the coffee does the job. 

For $15 (not including drinks), you get as many goes as you want at the buffet. The only problem is that the food is not hot, doesn't seem particularly fresh as a result, and in comparison to Mickies, really not that good. Sure, you can sit in a plush booth, with modern accents, in a restaurant with a sleek design, but that's really all your paying for. There really is no comparison when at the end of the meal, the bill for just me at Bonfyre is equal to the bill for my family at Mickies... and that's not even taking quality into account.笑
I booked a business meeting/dinner here for about 20 guests -- took place in April 2014.  We had a private room with a flat-screen tv on the wall that we showed our PowerPoint presentation on.  The restaurant offer free decor with our group reservation and they dressed up our tables very nicely.  Guests were impressed.  Service was very good, staff was friendly.  Food was GREAT.  Overall, we were very happy with how they handled our group and would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking to book a small, private group event.笑
This past weekend my girlfriend and I left Chicago to visit family in Madison. It was her birthday and I decided I wanted to take her and the family out for a nice steak dinner. The reviews for Bonfyre were great and we had seen the restaurant a number of times when driving around the city, the parking lot was always full. The atmosphere was great, they had a nice looking bar and very relaxing environment. The menu had a good selection of steak and seafood and price was very reasonable. 

Then the food arrived....I ordered the bone-in ribeye medium rare. The steak came to me literally bloody (There was a blood stain on the plate). I don't typically ask for food to be returned, but respectfully asked the waitress if she could fix it. She took the steak back and moments later re-appeared with the steak now heavily burnt and charred on the outside. The inside was still rare and I didn't have the patience to say anything more. The shrimp was also severely charred leaving only the taste of ash in your mouth. This was one of the worst meals I've had in a long time if not ever. 

To add insult to injury, I had asked the waitress if they did anything special for birthdays and she mentioned they would bring a candle and dessert out toward the end of the meal. Mid-way through our meal, the waitress returned and mentioned she was "cut for the night" and another person would be serving us. She told me she mentioned the birthday request to the new waitress and everything would be handled according to plan. A birthday dessert was never brought and I was too exhausted with the service and quality of food to say anything. In short Bonfyre was an utterly disappointing experience between the poor quality of food and the lackluster service. The only recipe they seemed to have perfected is the "recipe for disaster".笑
The Korean tacos are delicious. A sweet spicy BBQ style sauce over tender beef topped with spicy veggies. Served only during lunch.笑
I have been to Bonfyre for over 4 years.  It's consistent, which is a good thing.
The vibe is always fun with a touch of class but not over the top for those who like to hang out in jeans and fleece.  
Great lunch and dinner specials such as paella, pot roast, salads and chicken pot pies.  The seafood dishes have always been my favorite.  
Great wine and cocktail options and do have wine lockers for rent.
The Beacon Lounge is the newest addition to go and hang out, either while waiting for your table or a smaller intimate space to go with your sweetie.  
Well done for keeping it up!笑
After an afternoon of mini golf on our first day in Madison, we were relieved to settle down for an early dinner at Bonfyre Grille. The exterior was kind of blah, while the interior was quite nice. Think classic American grill house with lots of wood grilled dishes.

Our table of nine shared two appetizers, which was plenty of food to go around. You can't go wrong with truffle fries ($8)! Crispy shoestring fries topped with asiago and truffle oil. There's aioli for dipping, but you really don't need it. The fries were nicely seasoned, and the truffle oil was flavorful, but not overwhelming. It's basically a party in your mouth!

Our other appetizer was the maytag bleu potato chips ($9). Potato chips topped with maytag bleu, pepperjack, tomatoes and scallions. I'm not sure how I feel about the combination of blue cheese and pepperjack... seemed mismatched, but then again, I'm not the biggest fan of blue cheese. The chips were tasty though. Too bad most of it was drowned in cheese. You just need a teensy bit of cheese as it's really rich.

John and I shared a side of the grilled caesar salad. The dressing was a bit much for me, and I should have asked for it on the side. However, the grilled romaine was good. 

John's angel hair pasta ($14) was tossed in infused chili oil, onions, pine nuts, mushrooms, roasted tomatoes, garlic, basil, with parmesan and goat cheese for toppings. This normally comes with eggplant, but John asked them not to include it. The chef substituted with mushrooms, which is, unfortunately, another thing he won't eat. More mushrooms for me! I wouldn't think to use chili oil with pasta, but it works. 

The kitchen must have had a surplus of mushrooms because my spring risotto ($16) also came with mushrooms even though it's not mentioned on the menu. Creamy lemon zest risotto with asparagus, mushrooms, roasted tomatoes, spinach, onions, parmesan, and asiago cheese. It almost looks like it's missing a spoonful of risotto, doesn't it? I rarely have risotto, so this was a real treat, especially with some extra black pepper. 

Everyone was too stuffed for dessert as the entrees, including the kids' meals, had good sized portions. The meat eaters indulged in marinated steak, baby back ribs, and even rotisserie chicken. Everything seemed reasonably priced, and we were surprised by the total when the waiter brought out the bill. Good spot for dinner if you're ever in Madison!笑
I went to Bonfyre with a group of  friends. The people seated in the tables that could fit our group were taking a long time finishing their meals, causing our group to wait about 45 minutes past our reservation time to be seated. The manager and staff went above and beyond to apologize for our wait.  The manager himself bussed the table when it was ready and gave us some complimentary appetizers for our trouble.  It was by far the best customer service I've ever had at a restaurant in Madison.  

We also all enjoyed the food, which is a nice variety of American contemporary fare.  The prices were reasonable, and the entree sizes were perfect- not too big, not too small.  I recommend the Ahi Tuna entree and the Blue Cheese chips for an appetizer.  

Overall, it was a great experience.  Very friendly/accomodating staff and tasty food!  I will certainly be back!笑
Best brunch in Madison and spectacular Bloody Marys. Lunch and dinner fare is tasty. Love the atmosphere, large number of big screens, and big beer selection.笑
When Bonfyre first opened we would head there for dinner and it was decent. Today we went for brunch after it was recommended to us for large groups and good brunch cocktails but sadly I was underwhelmed. 32oz bloodies were okay besides the very limp lame pickled veggies. The brunch food choices were very limited. I ordered Chilaquiles which were okay but others at our table got lame versions of good brunch meals and they came out wrong and had to wait for the correct meal. Will try again for dinner but brunch left a lot to be desired.笑
Bonfyre is on my Madison Favorite Restaurant List. (A mental list of mine!) 

My husband and I first discovered Bonfyre after the Madison Parade of Homes promotion where your parade ticket got you $15 off your Bonfyre meal. We ate lunch there and really enjoyed the food and atmosphere. We decided we liked Bonfyre so much that we went back to eat our Christmas Eve dinner. I am a huge Christmas fanatic, so Christmas Eve dinner is actually a very special occasion, and I would not choose just any old restaurant for that dinner.

Both times dining at Bonfyre, all of our appetizers, entrees and desserts have been scrumptious and cooked perfectly, and the servers were personable and attentive.

Bonfyre is a little on the pricey side, so I probably won't ever become a regular. But Bonfyre will definitely be on my list of restaurants to visit for special dinners and special occasions.笑
I've been to Bonfyre many times and it's pretty consistent. Nothing to knock my socks off but usually decent service and reliable food. 

We stopped in last Friday night before a concert (we had reservations) so didn't have a wait. I got the pan seared walleye and want impressed, I love fish but it had no seasoning to it at all.  My husbands friend for the BBQ chicken which isn't on the menu and he raved about it - gets it every time.

We got a peanut butter dessert from the little mousse try they bring out and it was really good.笑
Yummmm! My favorite...the fish tacos! One of my favorite places to get them and I have been to a LOT of places! Service also on point!笑
Pretty good brunch. Quite pricey for dinner. The peach mimosa was awesome.笑
Very good food, but we spent our entire time killing fruit flies.  Apparently you should expect fruit flies if you dine here.   We mentioned them to the staff, and they smiled and said, "Yeah, it's an on going battle."笑
Met up with some friends at the Bonfyre with my wife the other night for drinks and dinner and we were not disappointed. 

To start the atmosphere was wonderful and a much needed addition to the south side of Madison / Fitchburg.  The Bonfyre was clean and we immediately felt welcome.

After having a drink at the bar with our friends (a couple of them thought the bar staff was rude, but I did not see it) we were seated in the private dining area where the service was great.  Our waiter was very knowledgeable of their menu and friendly.  We ordered a cheese platter as well as the cajun quesadilla for appetizers and both were good.

After much debate we finally ordered our meals.  I settled on a 8 oz. filet mignon with the peppercorn sauce and the steak was surprisingly delicious.  Possibly one of the better steaks I have had in Madison (If you read some of my other reviews, i have a hard time finding good steak in Madison). 

My wife decided to just try the margarita pizza and she enjoyed it (not really up to par with a place that specializes in pizza but...duh).  I even had a taste and thought it was what it was...a pizza at a place that does not specialize in pizza.

Overall we had a great time, loves the atmosphere, and enjoyed the food very much.  I found it odd that the restrooms were outside the restaurant and shared with the sub shop located next door but, oh well.  We will be returning to the Bonfyre in the future.笑
This review is for the restaurant week lunch menu.  The meal was OK in my opinion.  Nothing amazing or different, just very standard American food.  The service was great though!笑
Good service and excellent food. My neice had the mussels and calamari and loved them both. The side Caesar salad was also a big hit. Ask for bread! It was delicious! Everyone got steaks and loved them! I can't complain about a thing. This place is great for business dinners and family meals. It's dark and not too loud. Booths provide some privacy.笑
We went there on a Thursday night around 6:30 and were seated right away. As it has been mentioned in other reviews, the place does smell like a bonfire which is kind of neat. Bar area does have televisions an comfy booths as well if you are looking to watch something while you are eating. Dinner started with drinks. They have a large assortment of beers on tap. My friend got an order of calamari, which came out in a very nice portion. Texture was good and was not overdone. I got the Fyre Mixed Grille, which was an assortment of chicken, sirloin, and ribs. It came with garlic mash potatoes an green beans. All of the meat was very tender and cooked well. The mash potatoes were fluffy and more like a loaded mash. The green beans still had a snap to them. I had a hard time finishing all this food because of the large portions. With drink, meal, and tip, the meal was just over $40. I would highly recommend this restaurant. I will definitely coming back the next time I am in Madison.笑
Boyfriend and I come here a few times a year and we love this place! We first came because I had a gift card, but we've kept coming back.

First off, the vibe here is awesome. I love, love, love the decor and the food selection is superb. There is something for everyone. The setup is very cool: bar in the middle with booths surrounding. The beer and wine selection is amazing, which is always a plus for me. I have gotten a variety of things here: pasta, jambalaya, burgers, steak, pizza, etc. and nothing has disappointed. The appetizers are also very yummy--I would suggest the buffalo bleu chips. We get them every time.

The only downside to this place is that it is a little pricey, but the experience is always a good one. The staff are nice and courteous. If I worked in the area, I could see myself coming here for happy hour. 

I took off one star mostly due to the fact that they have a menu change and are now offering less food, I believe. I once had an amazing pasta dish that was to die for, and haven't been able to order it since as it was taken off the menu. The new menu is still good, but the old variety was amazing.笑
Wow, this place has great food! Went here for lunch today, it was my first time eating there and I was completely impressed. The truffle french fries were great, especially the garlic sauce for dipping them in. Had the butternut squash soup which was great (although it did come with cut up apple pieces in it, and I would have preferred it without). Had the rotisserie chicken wrap with gouda cheese, bacon, mixed greens and carmelized onions. It was so good!Totally recommend this place!笑
Went Saturday night.  Ordered three Starters.  Maytag blue cheese Potato Chips, Coconut Curry Mussels, and Crispy Seafood.

1. The Chips.  Don't know what kind of blue cheese was on them, but it sure wasn't Maytag.  Other than that, they were ok.

2. Coconut Curry Mussels.  First bowl came out, second mussel in is broken.  Proceeded to pull out 10 broken mussels in a row.  Sent back.  New bowl comes out, first, second, third mussels broken.  Needless to say, sent back.  (If it was my restaurant, I'd fire whoever sent those mussels out.  You  NEVER serve broken mussels!  They should have never even made it into the cooking pot!!)

3. Crispy Seafood.  SUPER!笑
I came here for my birthday. I thought the food was pretty good. I ordered a mango martini of some sort to start. I loved it! Though really, any sweet cocktail floats my boat.

For starters, we ordered the calamari. I had wished it were a little more fried. It wasn't the best part of the meal, but it wasn't bad. I think I'd try something else for appetizers next time.

I ordered the NY Strip (I think) for my entree. It was made very well. The green beans that came with it were seasoned surprisingly well.

The ambiance is great. Perfect for a date night unless your date is super into sport since they show ball sports on the TVs.笑
I went with a group of 6.  We had reservations for 7pm for only 5 individuals.  We got a spot by the bar waiting for the next table to clear and be able to seat our increased guest list.  We waited and were constantly being checked up on by the manager who told us the details of what was going on.  Eventually, at 7:45pm we were seated to a table the manager was busing (the restaurant was packed and its wait staff was very busy) and the manager gave our group 3 free appetizers to apologize for our wait.

The food was great and the service was even better.  I recommend this restaurant to everyone.  It was a great experience and the atmosphere was great as well.笑
I was able to stop by Bonfyre for a quick happy hour with some old coworkers.  I thought the place itself was great - very clean, very swank.  It smelled incredible - I wanted to eat there so badly, but didn't have time.  From our table, I could see back into the kitchen which made me want to eat there even more.  Alas, I only had time for a couple beers.

So - the beers.  I ordered a Lake Louie Warped Speed scotch ale.  One of my absolute favorites.  It came to me and it was simply "okay".  It didn't have that fresh "bite" I appreciate in that beer.  I wouldn't have thought much of it, except my friend had his favorite - a Stella Artois.  He thought something was wrong with it.  I tasted it and, while I could tell it was a Stella, I agreed that something was funky.  He had to send it back - couldn't finish it.  I'm not sure what the deal was - are those not popular beers there and we got some stale taps?  Do they not clean their lines enough?  Maybe I'm watching too much "Bar Rescue".  They just didn't seem fresh. That was disappointing.

The bar area wasn't overly busy, but service was generally slow.  Perhaps they were short on servers that night, or that's just how it is on Thursdays.  Sometimes a beer would show up right away, other times folks just waited and waited...  

I do hope to return sometime for a nice dinner.  I like the atmosphere and would like to find out more about the place.笑
We always seem to have great food there.  My favorites are the filet and pot roast.  Only once did we have a bad experience but management quickly fixed the situation.笑
Bonfyre's decor was oddly lack luster when pitted against the intrigue poised by the blackened glass front and fiery red signage. Party rooms were tucked away behind wood paneled hallways. Tables were pushed close to the walls to permit as much seating as possible, making it claustrophobic and impossible to move around easily.

Service was prompt, clumsy, but overall good. Our waitress was friendly and all smiles, but seemed distracted - she knocked a glass of water over twice.

Our party menu included: two apps - (spinach artichoke dip/calamari), a soup/salad, main course - (chicken/shrimp/walleye/roast beef), and mini desserts.

The calamari was awesome, no sauce needed, just a dash of lemon. They were lightly breaded and fresh. Instead of ringlets, it was presented in strips about three inches long. The dip did not look appetizing. Salads were standard fare.

I had the BBQ Chicken dressed in a bourbon sauce, "Bonfyre mash", and vegetables. The chicken was cooked perfectly. It was tender, juicy, and melted in your mouth. The sauce was sweet, to the point that any other flavors were masked. The potatoes were garlicky, and the veggies were lightly sauteed (aka crunchy) zucchini.

Dessert was confusing. Bonfyre calls them "assorted mini's" and describes them as "mini cream cheese parfait style desserts". Six pairs of texturally confusing cups containing different flavors were presented. These were a combination of parfait, cheesecake, and crem brulee with a gram cracker crust. Flavor wise, these were great (if you got past the texture and sweetness). There was nothing complex or mature about these desserts. Rather, it was like a kid in a candy store just mixing and matching same priced candies in a single bag.

Overall, the meal was nice. The company was nice. Would I make it a point to go back? Not really. After-all, the best thing I ate that night (flavor-wise) was an appetizer...笑
Cool place - but I was there for a school/networking event so I do not think I got the full experience.  With that being said, if I am ever in the area again, I'd stop back there and try out dinner.  

Food.  The food was good, but not crazy good.  However, we only ordered 5-6 appetizers to share (versus getting a meal).  We tried their truffle fries, a few flat-breads, and potato chips.  Like I said, they were definitely good.  Just not anything really unique or outstanding.  I think I liked the flat-breads the most.

The waitress was very attentive.  She was always coming around checking in ensure we were ok.笑
On this particular visit, the server went out of her way to NOT go out of her way. It was like pulling teeth at times, not to mention not having any anticipated needs met like most experienced servers know to do.
For example:  "Could I please have these [three entrees] wrapped up?"
Server: "Sure, Can I just put then into the same container?"
me: "Ummm, actually, no. Please separate them, if you would. [Why on Earth would you even bother to ask me that as they are three completely different meals?! and by the way you are annoying me."] 
Me: May I please have a bag for my several entrees?  Server: Oh, okay, sure.
I felt very hurried. Food came too quickly. If she had spent more time being accommodating  to her table rather than turning over the tables, her tips overall that night would have probably been better.  

I am still giving it three stars because of the numerous times I have been there; which has always been four stars.  Their Maytag bleu cheese chips are pretty amazing, though they could have used more green onion this time.  

Irish Margarita used to be so great, but seems rather weak these days. Meh.
Key Lime is not the best I've ever had (for that, go to The Clubhouse in Oak Brook, IL) but it's still worth ordering.笑
I have eaten here a few times. Most recently I ate here with my family of 10 for Father's Day. I made our reservations online which was quick and easy, as well as easy to edit. We had a nice large table table/booth. The ambience was nice. The parking lot can and has been a challenge. We were all disappointed to find out from the waitress that the restaurant was our of their Pork Porterhouse (a 14oz pork porterhouse, marinated in olive oil, garlic, rosemary and peppercorn. Stuffed with bacon and gouda cheese then topped with gouda cheese sauce. Served with mash and spicy corn) and ribs signature entrees were sold out. I always order their chicken Parmesan which is always tasty (a little pricey for the portion size). My family all enjoyed their meals as well. They also had a $6 Bloody Mary special which was a good deal considering it was 32 oz with a beef stick, string cheese, and various vegetables!笑
I don't know what it is about this place, but as much as we want to like it, we somehow always end up leaving disappointed. 

One time we visited, the chicken wrap he ordered for lunch wasn't very tasty. I did, however, enjoy my chicken parm.

Another time we visited, I ordered off the Restaurant Week menu. I had the spinach and artichoke bruschetta (pretty good), smoked pork tenderloin in a cream gouda cheese sauce (so salty!!!), cranberry and mushroom orzo (NEEDED some salt), and sautéed spinach (again, too salty). 

He ordered the house salad (eh, was his comment. the dressing was too sour for him) and the lasagna. It came with one piece of burnt garlic bread. The presentation of the lasagna was different than we expected, which made it less appetizing for him. Overall, that night was about a 5/10 for us. 

The cookies and cream mini dessert mousse was yummy though.

We really wanna like this place, but I guess it's not meant for us? Maybe one day we'll try them again, but not anytime soon.笑
Great service and atmosphere. Had a late lunch and everything on the menu sounded amazing. Ordered the Bahn Mi pork sandwich with roasted red potatoes and left very full and satisfied! My boyfriend got the Chicago beef sandwich with shoestring potatoes and a garden salad. I sampled his salad and it was really good. I wish I lived in this area so I could sample everything on the menu!笑
Service is attentive, prices are somewhat high: 25-29 for a steak, 22 for a typical wood fired entree, etc. That being said, the food is very flavorful and worth the money (mostly). 

The ribs are excellent, but the real show stealer is the incredibly sweet and slightly tangy barbecue sauce. Absolutely delicious. 

Jambalaya is very good with a healthy dose of shrimp and andouille sausage. Twice baked potato wasn't worth it-- only half a potato for an extra $2! But the overall experience and food was worth it. Good ambience too. Nice place for a drink and a date.笑
I've gone to Bonfyre twice. Once after my graduation with my 2 kiddos, and another time in a business meeting but having the full dinner experience. 

The first time they seated us down a long hall in a back bar room that seemed to be in another building. Our server/the bartender was gone as in not in the back bar/eatery 90% of the time. The other bartender helped with most everything. Bringing our food, drinks, refills, asking if we needed dessert, wanted boxes. I ended up leaving a good tip because of the good food and great service we got from the guy who wasn't our server. Though after leaving I spoke with a manager on the phone and said I wanted half the tip to go to the other guy.. giving name and details of this man. Providing a statement as to why this man deserved it.

When I was eating at a full dinner meeting. We had decent service I was surprised the server as well as the manager seemed to not be friendly to our meeting leader who is a very wealthy and powerful person. When asked to see the larger spaces they both said it was closed right now.. not messy, nobody was using it, they just didn't want to show it. Our meeting leader ended up mentioning who would be sponsoring an event there, and what sort of people would go then the manager jumped to help. It was off putting to see this happen. Still the food was amazing, and the desserts were wonderful!

I would go here again. Not for service, but for great food!笑
Okay, so I know it seems like I'm being harsh, however I ended up on the toilet the rest of the night after going here. I ordered the risotto with shrimp, it was very tasty, but over priced. I will NEVER be back again.笑
We gave Bonfyre another try tonight and things were much improved. As usual, the staff and service are pretty top notch. We called in a carry out order, had a number of questions. Person was very polite and took the time to get us all the answers. Went to pick up the food - friendly greeting upon entering, food was ready and hot. We got the baby back ribs which were quite good. A few overdone parts, but very little and the rest were excellent. Also got the Jambalaya (again). Very good for a non-Cajun place. Overall very good experience. I would recommend sticking with the steaks or ribs as I think that is their specialty. Service and atmosphere are great and a decent place out for date night or with business. Carry out option works too.笑
This place was a little disappointing. Everything we ordered was good, not great. We got the short rib grilled cheese, the fish tacos, and the steak sandwich. Nothing special, and a little overpriced for what it was.

Pros: the atmosphere is pretty nice, and it smells great in there. 

Cons: the food leaves something to be desired. Also, it's right on the beltline which is not a nice place to be.笑
Let's review. 

A Hendricks martini is $7.50. That does not happen anywhere that doesn't have straw on the floor.

Chicken is perfect and flavorful every time. 

Mussels appetizer, seafood stew - excellent.

Great atmosphere, especially for Madison.

Total = 5.笑
Went here for Sunday brunch with my girlfriends.  I was able to make reservations easily through open reservations.  The staff was friendly and accommodating.  We went here to try the 32oz bloody marys- they were delicious.  I liked that it was perfectly spiced and not bitter. It was strong but didn't taste like too much alcohol.  I had the crab cakes benedict- yummy hollandaise sauce and crab cakes were slightly crunchy on the outside and fresh- loved it.  The potatos that came with were ok- a little mushy but good flavor.  The venue is huge and I saw lots of large groups and families with kids.  Bar area is nice and big too.笑
The brunch on Sundays is legit as it can get.  The combination of the creamy breakfast potatoes and the chicken (with real smoke flavor) make you want to go home and take a nap because the odds are slim that anything in the next 3-4 hours of your life will be better.

One thing I never understood - this place is cold as heck.  Maybe it's just in the mornings when the building hasn't heated up yet?笑
Where to start with this disappointing meal. The restaurant was so dark we had to use our phones to read the menu. The portions were extremely small. The crab cakes are 1 inch in diameter and a serving is 2 for $15  and lacking in flavor. The seafood trio was very small as well.  3 shrimp 2 scallops and a 2 inch piece of salmon. The risotto was soggy. The only thing that saved the meal was the grilled shrimp.  The cheeseburger was ok but nothing to write home about. To top off the evening we had very pool service. Our water was never refilled during our meal and our glasses were empty. Our server never came to check on us and we finally had to ask the hostess for our check after setting at the table for several minutes after completing our meal.  We even made it obvious by putting our plates at the end of the table. Culver's would have been a better choice tonight笑
Have been here many times and we love the food.  Consistently good food and service, and their take out service is fast.  The butternut squash soup is amazing and the flatbreads are big enough for two to share.  For appetizers try the truffle fries and the coconut curry mussels, you will likely not be disappointed.  Their menu changes occasionally, so the Bahn Mi which I enjoyed is gone but in place are tacos that leave you satisfied.笑
Went with a fairly large party and the food and service was excellent.   The table set up made it impossible to hear anyone other then the person directly next to you.  Others in the group also commented on the noise level.  The food rates an A+ with special kudos for the chicken parmigian.笑
The décor and food were both very good, but beer from the tap and the service was what made me give them only three stars.  We ordered Goose Island Matilda and, not only were the glasses all iced for a beer that should be served at cellar temperature, they only poured about 6 to 7 ounces of beer into the glass yet the price was as if you were getting a 12-ounce bottle, which is what the Goose Island glass is designed to hold.   

We were asked what we wanted from the bar, but nothing was mentioned about appetizers or salads.  There was no bread at all other than the piece that came with the pasta dish.  Odd for an "American Grille."  We don't like to fill up on bread, but it is quite normal to have a bit of decent bread served with American food.  

When we got our drinks, commenting on the tiny juice-size glass full of beer, she mentioned they had the Goose Island glasses but they were all icy and we had requested the glasses not be cold when we ordered.  As for the size, she said due to the higher alcohol content, the amount was smaller.  Having had beer at many establishments, including Goose Island, this is the first time we ever heard or saw this practice and, of course, the price did not reflect the reduced quantity.  Hoping for an improved second round if we got real sized glasses,  we requested they let the Goose Island glass be set aside to warm up for the next round but then we had to remind her that we wanted that second glass.  It held more than the first tiny juice glass but was less than 2/3 full as if they were serving us wine.

I had the fish special which was very moist and tender with nice assortment of perfectly cooked vegetables.  The hanger steak was extremely tender and the polenta was slightly sweet and very tasty.  Both the Jambalaya and the Pasta Carbonara were well seasoned and spicy.  

We would recommend the food but don't get the beer if you like Belgian-style beers or any other darker beer that should not be served ice-cold and therefore the glasses should not be iced.  If we had ordered a light, crisp lager, we would have appreciated the icy glasses.  So they may know their food, but they aren't very knowledgeable about beer.  In any case, we recommend you try to get bottled beer rather than their draft beers where they pour you a minuscule amount for a hefty price.  At least with a bottle, you're guaranteed to get the proper amount.笑
The atmosphere was nice, dark, and the booth was cozy. My friends wanted steak, and both ordered theirs medium-rare. Unfortunately both steaks were rare - so red it made me uncomfortable to watch them eat it! My lobster ravioli was alright, not spectacular for being one of the most expensive things on the menu. I don't think the meal was worth the $200+. I don't think I'll be back here.笑
Have eaten here three times. Wood-fired dishes are quite good, especially the chicken--steaks not that great. The squash soup was excellent the first time I had it, but tasted inappropriately sweet the next. The cioppino is the best I've had anywhere. Unlike Louisianne's, which adds pasta, this is a wonderful, thick tomato-based broth  with lots of fresh seafood and that's it. I'll be back for the cioppino. Kind of noisy. Looks like a good singles spot.笑
Had a late-evening dinner on a Saturday.

The atmosphere was cool, but our food was only okay. I had a petite tenderloin and the rest of my party had BBQ Chicken.

My main problem came with dessert. The waiter brought a tray of single-portion desserts to the table, explained each one, left spoons, told us the price, said we could eat what we wanted and walked away leaving the desserts at the table for us to stare at. We didn't eat any. He came back, took the dessert away, and returned it the kitchen. I could only assume that the same tray would be offered up at his next table. GROSS. 

I probably wouldn't eat here again and would definitely avoid dessert.笑
Madisonians are picky about brunch - and clearly they don't know that Bonfyre has brunch from 10-2 on Sundays.  It's one of the best breakfasts in Madtown.  Quiet, big booths.  Incredible low prices on ginormous portions.  I've gone back 2x in two weeks, and have been telling all of my friends to make it a priority for their next brunch.  Also their Bonfyre potatoes are cheesy-hashbrowns with spices and onions and I'd go to brunch just to eat a plate of those.  Twice I've had the Cluck and Oink (rotisserie chicken and bacon (or sausage).  It comes with the potatoes and eggs, fresh fruit, and bread.  I've had days worth of leftovers and loved every bite.笑
I have dined here on several occasions for lunch and dinner and I have walked away happy every time. This isn't the place to go if your looking for creative or innovative fine dining. The best words I could use to describe the food is upscale bar food. Flat breads, Burgers, Salads, Rotisserie Chickens they have it all. Everything is reasonably priced and you can get in and out pretty quickly without spending a fortune.笑
I went with a group of 6 on a busy Saturday night and I really enjoyed myself. I tasted every dish that we ordered. For appetizers we ordered the calamari and poutine. The calamari was thick and juicy, very different from any calamari I have ever had but delicious. I ordered the Chicken Parmesan which was the best Chicken Parmesan I have ever had. My boyfriend ordered the Maine Lobster, he loved it. I also tried the special which was Prime Rib and it was cooked to perfection. The Prime Rib and Lobster were served with green beans and twice baked potatoes. The green beans we're sauteed, fresh and crunchy. My only complaint is that the serve never smiled. But everything else was awesome! I will definitely go back to try more of their menu!笑
Best bourbon grilled chicken I have ever had. Completely delicious. Great service. Best bloody mary drink. Big enough to serve two people and the fixings with the drink consisted of cheese, sausage, pickle, olive and of course nice big piece of celery.笑
I've been to Bonfyre quite a few times since they opened...and each time it's slipped a little bit.  Their butternut squash soup used to be amazing...now it's watered down with much less flavor and a grainier texture.  Their blue cheese chips appetizer also used to be better...kettle cooked crunchy chips with big chunks of blue cheese, now it's more mushy and less chunks of blue cheese.

What saves this place is the bar...it's large, open, great to people watch and the bartenders are always great.  A great spot to see and be seen, but I only go here anymore for drinks and appetizers (their margherita pizza is delish).  It's definitely slipped since it originally opened!笑
It's east to forget about Bonfyre... Unless you have reason to be on or near the South Beltline. Then it provides a great alternative to the plethora of fast food joints on or near the Beltline corridor. 

The specialty drinks are good and of good value. I'm a fan of the Orange Shake Up. Companion proclaimed she hadn't had a good lemon drop martini in awhile - this is a high complement from said companion.  

In terms of food, I prefer the small plates and apps rather than the bigger dishes. I like the pizzas - big or small, they are good for sharing. 

The place can be packed and loud during happy hour, but is generally pretty relaxing for late night dining. I'm not sure how late they serve food... But people were still ordering the full menu at 9:30 PM. A golden star and big plus in my book.笑
Very bad experience.  Smoker allowed on the outdoor patio.  A server grabbed a handful of forks and patted the tips of the forks with his hand - gross.  Terribly slow service tonight which was our first visit.  Food, acceptable, not remarkable.  My wife walked out with everyone else except one child and the waitress took over 15 minutes to even come by where I had to ask for the check.  I had a kid screaming and about to have an accident - no service.  Not a kid friendly restaurant for us.笑
We've visited Bonfyre twice - the first time I really enjoyed the atmosphere and I probably jinx myself for our second visit.

The first visit I ordered the pasta special - I double checked before ordering that the dish did not contain meat.  Our waitress said "No it does not but you can add for $X amount" - being a vegetarian I wasn't interested in adding meat but very excited that a special was an option to order.  Unfortunately when the dish came, there was sausage mixed in.  We were not charged additional for it, but it definitely deflated my bubble.  I hate to be "that customer" so instead I just picked out the sausage and ate around it.  All in all we thought we would return to try something else on the menu.

So we did, on NYE.  I was very excited to try something else which I was positive would not contain meat.  All the food was great, no issues there.  Here's where I jinxed myself from the first visit.  On the first visit I said "It's nice to find a place to eat that doesn't have kids screaming or fussing, finally!"  Towards the end of our meal on the second visit, a family with a toddler and children under the age of 10 were sat near our table.  Seriously?!  I know this is not the Bonfyre's fault, they were customers, too, but sitting next to a teething child and children who do not yet appreciate a night out to a nice restaurant (and who would rather play video games), just isn't my cup of tea.  If I wanted to be surrounded by young kids and families I'd go to Applebee's.  This deflated by evening for the second visit.

I'm sure there will be parents out there who read this review and find that my comments are insensitive, but I don't care, next time leave your young children at home and you won't have to read such a review.

So now I'm debating whether or not Bonfyre is worth a third visit - I mean if I have to listen to children fuss, I'd rather spend a lot less but the food was good.笑
I had lunch here the other day. I had a wrap and twice baked potato. Both were super delicious and plated well. I'd definitely go back again.笑
This was my first time to Bonfyre and I was thoroughly impressed! 

We started out with the Shrimp Cocktail and I was a little disappointed to be honest. It was presented beautifully, but only came with FIVE pieces of shrimp. This app was a whopping $15. Fortunately, I was won over again when I tried the Cajun mustard sauce accompanied with the traditional cocktail sauce. The Cajun mustard wasn't particularly spicy, just had a flavorful kick that I shamelessly devoured by itself after running out of shrimp.

After the appetizer we ordered our entrées and since it was our first time, the server took the time to go over the menu and suggest Bonfyre's Wood-Fyred Specialties. I decided to go with the Seared Duck, asparagus, and rice medley. The duck was very tender and was topped with a delicious cranberry risotto, which wasn't too sweet. My boyfriend had the BBQ Ribs and Herb Rotisserie Chicken which was perfectly juicy.

The quality of food was absolutely wonderful. Service was great and the atmosphere was cozy, intimate, and classy. I highly recommend. I can't wait to return and try the California Turkey Burger.笑
The reason for the 5 stare are the Bartenders, Benton & Dan.  They are the main reason many people go there & they are the best around.笑
We have eaten here several times and have yet to be disappointed.   Table service was very good...servers have always been attentive without hovering.....they know the menu well if you need to ask questions.  We've also ate at the bar a few times...and well...the bartenders seem to be much more harried then need be....service was still very good and friendly  but it wasn't the best bar service we've ever had.  

The food..I can completely recommend the ahi tuna appetizer, truffle fries and the grilled Ceasars salad is worth coming here for itself alone, they cook a steak to perfection,  any seafood has been fresh and wonderful.  This is one of the few places we save room for dessert...for their small cheese cake 'shooters' of various flavors they will bring to the table in a rack so you can choose.  They are just large enough to finish the meal...but not so large you leave stuffed.  Also, they are one of the most affordable desserts I've seen in a restaurant of this quailty.  

This is were we come when we want a nicer evening out and know we won't be disappointed.笑
Bonfyre Grille was better than I had expected. First of all, their wines are underpriced. If you're looking for great wines for decent prices, this is the place to go.

With a party of six, we shared 3 appetizers - the shrimp ceviche, fried calamari, and the ahi tuna appetizer. All three were great - the fried calamari was very different from other calamari i've ever had, and the marinara sauce had a certain distinctive spiciness to it that wasn't overbearing. Ahi tuna was alright, nothing special, but the shrimp ceviche was great. a lot of avocado, limeiness, and the chips were freshly baked.

All of the main dishes came with either soup or salad, with lots of choices. I had the filet mignon, added some scallops and a red wine sauce with shiitake. Ordered medium rare, it was exactly the way I would have expected it. Sauce was great and the scallops were also very fresh - gummy and chewy at the same time.

The most impressive was how well timed they were. Making six dishes exactly how we wanted them cooked at the same time is not easy. We really appreciated our server, who was very patient with us and very friendly.

I would recommend this restaurant. It's a little pricy, but for the quality, I will definitely come back!笑
Checked this place out on a Sunday evening (630p) for a dinner date.  She was taking me out and she picked the place.  

Entering the restaurant I was impressed by the smell of the wood burning oven. As mentioned in a different review, the atmosphere reminded me of a PF Changs.  Service from the start was professional, but only that.  I generally like to have a feeling that they're grateful to have us... but nothing went beyond, "by-the-book professional"  

We ordered a couple glasses of wine and our dinner.  I chose the fish tacos (grilled) and she ordered a southwest chicken salad.   My date asked for some help on selecting her salad and was given the simple answer, "they're all very good."   Lame.

The wine arrived nearly 10 minutes later and almost immediately followed by our food.   For it being 630pm, I felt like we were being rushed... except for the tardy wine service.  

I couldn't have been more disappointed with my fish tacos.  I could tell that there was definitely some care put into making my food, and I think my major complaint begins with the menu and recipe.  If you're going to serve an item differently than how it's typically prepared, then it should be important to mention it on the menu!  As follows:

"Fish tacos.  Fried or grilled, served with a black bean salad"  

The tacos were ruined by some sort of zingy southwestern sauce that was liberally used and totally dominated any other aspect of the item.  Fish tacos are generally basic with a couple simple ingredients. You might say that I'm being overly picky with how my food is prepared and that I should've known to order something other than fish tacos in an American Grille restaurant and this is true, very true.   But again, if you're going to stray away from the traditional recipe, at least make it taste good!  And mention something about it on your menu!   


I like smaller entrees and that was something that was positive about the food.  Although, when small entrees don't get finished, there is probably something wrong. 

Last thoughts:  It irritates me when a restaurant pops up out of nowhere and spends a lot of money on atmosphere and then fails to concentrate on the most important part of a restaurant, the kitchen.  Everything in the world could have gone wrong, but if there is true talent developing your recipes/menu,  you can expect me to be happy.笑
I honestly can't believe I have never reviewed Bonfyre. This is hands down one of my favorite restaurants in Madison, for the diverse food menu, awesome wine and cocktail list, and high quality service. 

It is in a really cool space off the beltline. I love that the bar is right in the middle of the restaurant with a view to the open kitchen. They do a lot of wood-fired entrees and you get all those amazing smells throughout the restaurant just taunting you while you wait for your food. 

As far as the menu goes, some favorites are: 

Mort's Pot Roast
Chicken Parm
Ribs & Chicken Combo
any of their steaks
Seabass (when it is on the menu)

They also do a killer side Caesar Salad. They serve the romaine hearts after they have been put on the grill for a bit, so you get a wonderful smoky flavor complimenting the dressing and lettuce. Literally to die for. 

They do amazing flatbreads, the Thai Chicken is a must try. 

I also have hosted a few business events here, and my wife and I had our rehearsal dinner here last year. Their events staff is top notch and I have had nothing but great experiences working with everyone on the events side. 

This is a place we keep coming back to at least once a month, and I don't see myself stopping any time soon.笑
Stopped in on a Sunday evening for drink and an appetizer -- they were not very busy and we were seated immediately in a booth next to the bar. Got our drinks and ordered a beef and bleu flatbread to eat and a Bianca to take home for the teen. The food was good -- just the right amount of "stuff" on the flatbreads and the crust was thin and crispy. 
Our server didn't seem to know much about the food -- lots of "I don't know" and "I'm not sure about that" but we managed to order without his input. I had the cucumber martini -- it was good -- I'd order it again  it was flavorful and refreshing. Companion ordered the Bonfyre Old Fashioned and hated it. Server offered to replace it with another drink and Companion asked for a coke. Server charged us for both, we didn't realize that until after we left. 
Might return, but it's not at the top of our list. Definitely did not live up to expectations.笑
A little pricy, but with the selection of food and drinks you can find something for everyone. Our waiter had a great attitude and provided excellent service. Try the ribs.笑
by far my best and favorite restaurant in Madison. I always sit at the bar the staff are very nice and knowledgeable and know how to help me order. the dishes that I order there always are on par at least with any other time I experienced the same Dish anywhere else. The rotisserie chicken is phenomenal.笑
I was pleasantly surprised by the interior. It is gorgeous, clean and welcoming. We were seated as a cozy, private booth that gave you enough space while also being intimate. 

The menu is a bit overwhelming. We happened to be there on the first day of Restaurant Week so I decided to try it out. I ordered the Wedge Salad after asking several questions about it. The menu does not describe the items so little is known about it. For the Restaurant Week menu I was hoping my server would have told me more about the featured meals.

For the entree I ordered the pork tenderloin. It came with a citrus rum sauce. It was overall, just delicious. There is no way to describe it besides: amazing. The pork was tender and the sauce was a great compliment. It was served with mashed potatoes and spinach. They were well mashed without being liquidy. The spinach was boring. I used some of the pork sauce to eat with them. The spinach had no flavor. Though, my dinner companion was served corn. And it was SO spicy. Nowhere on the menu did is describe the corn as having red pepper flakes. While, most people like spicy, they usually liked to be warned about it. I took a big bite of corn and my mouth was burning.

Dessert! Great presentation! Wow. Seriously it was impressive. They brought out the six mini dessert options and you chose at your table. They are served in double shot type of glasses. This is MORE than enough dessert. Just enough to satisfy your sweet tooth. I ordered the raspberry cheesecake. It came with a touch of whip cream and graham crackers folded in. My only complaint? You can tell they are made several days ahead of time and not covered. The top was a little gummy. I pushed past it. 

In general, I can not wait to go back and try something new.