I thought it was strange when the listing for Gordon Ramsay BurGR was marked as "closed" on Yelp. Then I find out they remodeled. But.......what was even remodeled?! Everything practically looked the same. Except for a menu change. 

Yes, burgers may be expensive at $15 an order and that's WITHOUT fries. Adding a side of fries will be an additional $9-11. Get the parmesan truffle fries....yum!!!!!!! The burgers are  delicious and full of flavor. It's a perfect size, enough to make you feel full but it doesn't make you feel like a bloated person waddling outta there. You can request how well you want your burgers cooked and they're pretty on point with that.
The Hell's Kitchen burger is all that I order. It's spicy with jalapeños, cheese and avocados. Typing this is making me salivate.   

Keep in mind, DO NOT come here when you're starving/hangry. Not only will you have to wait for a table since it seems like there's always a wait here. My party of 4 and I were here for dinner on a normal Thursday evening and we still have to wait about 20 minutes. So after our waitress took our orders, she informed us that the burgers will take 30 minutes to make. WHATTTTT.....30 MINUTES!?!?! Urmm....okay, that caught me off guard. Wow...patience is a virtue here at Gordon Ramsay. I mean, she gave us the option of having the fries out first so we can munch on those but we didn't wanna spoil our dinner and get full off fries. But....different strokes for different folks? *shurgs*

All in all, this burger joint is definitely a must. Much better than Shake Shack in NY NY or this burger place at Fashion Show Mall. Come here instead. I will forever be returning here for my gourmet burger fix.笑
This last trip to Las Vegas we were in search of the best burger on the strip. It was found in Gordon Ramsay's burger house in Planet Hollywood. Everybody's plates and that which we ordered were all spectacular. This is a must try you are into gourmet burgers.   All of the burger should attempt to come close to the quality and taste of Gordon Ramsey's burgers.   If you are looking for the same for the french fries don't hold any hope because the French fries were actually disgusting. If you want fantastic french fries go to Bobby's Burger Palace. The burgers are good there too but the french fries are fantastic!  Grab your burger at Gordon Ramsay's and head  over to Bobby's Burger Palace for the fries on you are in for a fantastic meal.  


MANGA!!笑
I along with a couple friends thought we would try this restaurant back in March. Fortunately the wait during a busy weekend was not to bad, about fifteen minutes. Once we were seated the waiter approached the table and promptly asked if we wold like to order anything to drink. We chose not to order any alcohol and simply ordered waters and soft drinks. It was very obvious from the waiters demeanor that since we did not order any alcohol this was going a low ticket table and assumed his tip would reflect that. Never assume! The burgers were about average, good but nothing to rave about. 

The little things are what made the difference. When our burgers were brought to the table they came in stages, not all together. Once we received the burgers it took about ten additional minutes for the fries to arrive. Why is the table not served together? Toward the end of the meal one of my friends finished his burger before the rest of us. His plate was clear while we were still eating. Is this common practice to start clearing the table before all the patrons are still eating. It made us feel as though they were trying to push us out the door quickly so they can get the next party seated asap. Maybe they were going to order alcohol to jack up the tab.

Overall, our expectations were much higher and under delivered from a Gordon Ramsay establishment. I've eaten at Chef Ramsay's restaurant in London a few times and always received exceptional service. I know you can't really compare fine dinning to burgers but some sort of consistency would be great.笑
I love this place. Great location inside Planet Hollywood in Vegas. The ambience and decor is nice. Service is on point. I had the ahi tuna slider ($14 USD) and lobster & shrimp burger ($25 USD). It is expensive I know but I promise you, it's worth it.笑
This place lived up to it's name! Everything was amazing, delicious and best burgers we've had. The Ahi Tuna sliders were my favorite, very fresh and flavorful. We also ordered the Hells Kitchen and 2 others (forgot the name) and they were perfect. Got the reg truffle parm fries and sweet potato, but the sweet potatoes were our favorite. Highly recommend the Ahi Tuna sliders, Hell's Kitchen burger and Sweet Potato parmesan fries.笑
Pricy but different kind of pub fare. The burger is a bit small.  The shake wasn't bad, but the only thing worth ordering is those duck fat fries. Sooooo good.笑
Great quality meat! Burgers are simple as far as not having many toppings. My husbands bacon was floppy. Awesome truffle Parmesan fries! Decent pricing for what I expected. My burger wasn't quite well done but that's ok!笑
Loved it! It was my first time here, we tried to come here last year while we were in Vegas but the line was super long. I would recommend coming here for lunch & arriving a couple minutes before it opens!

Let me just start by saying the ambiance is beautiful in this restaurant. The fire at the entrance lights up the whole room. The staff was friendly & gave service with a smile which is always a plus. Everything from the moment we walked in was amazing.

The food was the best part! We started with appetizers - onion rings & the mushroom poutine. Delicious! The onion rings were light & the flavor was so good. The cheddar ranch dip was the best pairing to dip the onion rings in. The mushroom poutine was savory & delicious one of my favorites. If you love mushrooms you'll love this dish! I ordered the ultimate cheeseburger, the different cheeses gave it such a kick! My husband ordered the hog burger & loved it! We also ordered the lobster & shrimp burger & that one was my favorite! Portions were a good size. Timing didn't take long since we ordered appetizers first.

They don't have a kids menu, but if you ask they offer to make a grilled cheese or a normal hot dog. We ordered our 1 year old daughter a grilled cheese & I can guarantee you I'll never be able to top that. 

We will definitely be back!笑
I ate here when it was still Burgr a few years ago and loved it. Had lunch here with a group of 7 on a Wednesday around 11am and there was no line. Had the Crown Burger, truffle fries, and Creme brûlée shake. The burger was somewhat dry and needing more seasoning, the truffle fries were too salty, aioli overpowered with mayo and didn't taste much of garlic/other flavors, and the shake was good despite being too sweet (it's a desert shake so I guess that's not too much of a shocker‍). The service was great-the server checked in with us a few times and accommodated a request to switch out a burger because it was super dry (switched a Hog Burger to a Farmhouse instead). Restaurant was clean.
(They recently switched from Burgr to Gordon Ramsay Burger)笑
Pretty good. I shared truffle fries with my boyfriend and got the forest burger because sometimes people say I am a woodland creature, whatever that means. I was not a fan of the trumpet mushrooms on top but other than that, this was pretty good. The truffle fries were quite salty and definitely well-made. Gordon Ramsay did not disappoint, but I don't think I will come back. I loved the decoration inside and the mini waving fingers of fire in front of the restaurant.笑
Shouldn't be this hard to rate an establishment. While I would have rated it higher, if you are comparing, I went to Guy Fieri's place the night before. That became my number one all time ever, and after visiting Gordon Ramsey's Burgr, Guy's is still my number 1. In fact sorry I can't say Gordon's is my all time number 2. Don't get me wrong, it was good. But not the best. 

So if you are out for the best, I've compared for you. I think you will be happy with my honest burger opinion. .笑
Absolutely delicious! Ramsey Burger is a must stop during our trips to Vegas! They recently updated their menu which was disappointing because I wanted the Yard Burger (chicken), but it's been removed! I tried one of the other burgers which was cooked perfectly. Tons of flavor. I ordered the Parmesan Truffle fries as well and they are addicting! The service was alright. The waitress was familiar with the menu but I had to ask for refills which was frustrating.笑
WOW . . . I mean. . . WOW 
Not many places make me say WOW in a review with all caps, but Gordon Ramsay achieved that twice in Las Vegas! This was one of the two amazing meals thanks to Chef Ramsay!

Came by around 6:00pm on a Tuesday, not too busy and did not wait at all.
We sat right by the flaming wall which really gave us a Gordon Ramsay Hell's Kitchen experience! 

I will start off with the biggest and quite frankly the only downside to the night...our waiter. All the other waitstaff and hostesses seemed so nice, friendly, easy going . . . but ours was an absolute ass. We sit down and don't even open our menu and asks what we want to eat. Really? The rest of the night he kept coming by trying to force us out. We didn't care, we ate and relaxed, left him no tip.

ANYWAYS now for the absolute best part - THE FOOD! 
We ordered a few things, I will list them from least favorite to most favorite!

Pork Belly Hot Pockets - little hot pocket like pastries filled with pork belly, bacon marmalade, and topped with tomato jam and herb aioli. The flavors were honestly great. Tender, juicy pork belly, savory sauces, but it was just so little. For $12, the price to portion ratio just gave a lack of true enjoyment! But still good none the less 


Farro-Quinoa & Chicken Salad - this was surprisingly great! A HUGE salad that my mom couldn't finish, even splitting with my dad and I, it was so much food! the chicken was juicy and cooked perfectly, the vegetables were all cooked to a delicious soft texture, the lemon vinaigrette was light and fresh, and the cheese added a nice creamy sweetness!
 
Jalapeño Poppers - These were the. best. jalapeño poppers. I. have. ever. had. WOW! 
they bring out a long tray of six poppers, each in their own sauce cup. The poppers are HUGE! no cheapness there. The batter is thin, amazingly crispy, deliciously flavored, and inside ...WOW! jalapeños were soft, fresh, and filled with creamy thick bacon cheddar sauce! Then the sauce each popper was dipped in . . . the cheddar ranch sauce . . .OMG . . . thick, savory, salty, rich, cheesy, ranchy, absolutely amazing combination ! 

Last but not least, the star of the night and the whole vacation - the Truffle Burger! 
Let's start with the bun . .the soft, delicious, toasted, poppy-sesame seed bun . . . excellent!
Then the thick, amazingly wood grilled patty, so juicy and tasty, perfectly paired with the following condiments . . . truffle tremor cheese, oh so cheesy, warm, creamy, slightly nutty, coating your mouth in cheesy goodness. Topped with foie gras creme fraiche, continually coating your mouth while mixing with the cheese for a  savory, salty, slightly gamey flavor and creamy texture. All of this topped with truffle aioli . . oh man, this was the softest, juiciest burger I have ever eaten! Adding some fresh crunch with the frisee lettuce, this is seriously one of my top three favorite hamburgers I have ever. ever. EVER. eaten. 

Chef Gordon Ramsay has brought Vegas an affordable, delicious, amazing dining experience with some of the best food you will ever have the pleasure to enjoy!笑
Wait was 30 minutes on a Friday night (not bad at all). The burgers were delicious (we got the Farmhouse and the Swine) but the highlight was the Parmesan Truffle Fries, they were thick cut, well-seasoned and not too truffle-y.笑
This restaurant ruined my experience in Vegas. My family and I heard of this restaurant and were told it was one of the best. When we went to eat we started off with a 50 minute line. Once we got to the cashier we were told that we would have to wait another hour and a half. After waiting for so long we just wanted some water. There was a bar right next to the cashier with a Gordon Ramsay background so we asked for water. Surprisingly the person who worked there needed an ID to give us water so my aunt showed an ID and she said that she would not give us the water until we back away from the bar, so we did. Once the table was ready we went in and ordered drinks and food. I never knew I would enjoy the drink more than the food. We ordered 3 hamburgers, 2 regular and one with no onions and to add mushrooms. We ended up getting 3 regular ones which one contained a long piece of hair which couldn't have been ours for sure and another with no mushrooms and with onions. We politely told the waitress that the order was wrong and that there are no mushrooms. She then started raising her voice saying she "sees the mushrooms inside" and we opened up the burger showing her there are none. The waitress kept saying we were wrong and wouldn't ask if she could do anything to help. We then asked her so please call the manager so we can figure this out. She started yelling at our table in front of everyone saying "your so rude no costumer ever talked to me Like that" as if we did something wrong. The manager came and heard us out and in the middle she started shaming us on how it's our fault for not being "clear." He then told her not to talk or go near us but that didn't stop her from cussing out every one of us every time she would walk by. We walked out of there not wanting to ever go back even if the meals were free.笑
Really over the top for a burger place, fine fast food if you will, everything from decor down to the burger bun was perfected, the quality beef, the perfectly melted cheese, the spicy pesto, the fries, the curry ketchup that came with the fries, really unique. We get so used to burgers being this widely available junk food, this place gave the burger its glory back, will definitely be back.笑
I was ready to rate this place a 1 until I ate my burger. I have to admit the burgers are good. That said, the weird wait system is ridiculous.  If you are a party of 2 you get to wait in a line and 3 or more you put in a reservation and get a text when your ready. So I waited in line for 30 mins even though they quoted 15 and the line was short. It goes REALLY slow. So I'm watching a bunch of larger parties getting seated before me.  When I complain about this to the overstaffed hostess stand, they explain that they have way more two top tables. This is a flat out LIE because they put many of them together to accommodate larger parties. Then after waiting a half hour, they break down a large table at the front with the sun blaring in to make four 2-top tables and offer it to us, after I complained about the wait and larger parties going before us. The four hostesses that were working didn't have enough sense to skip that question. You would think that between the four of them, that was a bad offer. Then they went down the line to offer that. 
So then we order the signature burger, but are told no substitutions. Come on Ramsey, don't be like that. Let us take off the lettuce, especially since they are little pieces.  
I will admit tho, the signature burger (once we removed the lettuce ourselves) was delicious. Short ribs with rib eye, and pickled onions were to die for!!!!!
The farmhouse burger was also really good.笑
Nice check in process for parties of 3 or more. Give em your number and they text an update.

The service was excellent, very personable and prompt.

The food was hardcore meh status. I ordered a chicken burger, it was dry and kinda lame. The rest of my party ordered other various burgers and quite enjoyed them! So avoid the chicken burger and you'll be fine.

Kinda pricey, but nice vibes. Worth a visit.笑
I didn't really wanna eat here, honestly. It looked frou-frou and overpriced from outside. I was glad we did, though. I was wrong. Burger was very enjoyable.

The food is not ridiculously overpriced. Pretty amazing food, too, actually. I can honestly say the Hell's Kitchen Burger was one of the best burgers I've had. I'd pass on the Tandoori Chicken Burger, though -- it's good, but nothing special.

The truffle fries with dipping sauces were delicious and big enough for two to share.

Service was pretty good, too. Friendly staff, drinks always refilled quickly. Food took 25 minutes to come out, but our server warned us about it ahead of time. It's worth the wait.笑
Let's just say to start that I am a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay. This restaurant however, shows some serious irony as to how he shows himself on television when it comes to running a kitchen. 

To start we had the kettle chip nachos. These had a nice flavor and the meat was tender. 

We ordered the Hog Burger and the Ultimate Cheeseburger with a side of Truffle Parmesan Fries. We ordered the ultimate cheeseburger medium rare and the hog burger well. We were told that the burgers take at least twenty minutes to come out since they are made fresh to order. We had no problem with the wait. 

The burgers arrived.... the ultimate cheeseburger was cooked perfect and had great seasoning and flavor in the first bite... the next bite and the rest ended up tasteless and boring. The cheese even lacked flavor. 

The hog burger, that was just under cooked. When getting to the middle of the burger the pork was cold, mushy and well... was just raw. 

When we brought it to the attention of the waitress, now this is where it gets good, her response was, "Well that is the type of pork it is." We showed her that the middle was cold and raw and she continued by saying, "The chef says that it is the type of burger that no matter how long you cook it the meat stays red and that the center doesn't cook all the way, that it is the way it should be." I tried not to laugh. Kitchen Nightmares flashed in my head and I could picture Gordon Ramsay saying,"You bloody idiot". 

The sad part is this restaurant bares the name of Gordon Ramsay a man who prides himself on how food is prepared and consistency of what comes out of his kitchens. I am just hoping that serving raw pork is not what his chefs think is best for his customers. 

In this case they should be embarrassed.笑
Meh. Ordered burgers and fries and shakes. Waited forever. Food was fine but nothing special. Even for the strip it seemed incredibly overpriced. After the long delay, they got two of the orders wrong, even though nobody ordered anything special. By the time they brought the re-do orders, everyone else had cold food. One of the re-do orders was still wrong. All of this took more than two hours and nothing was above average. Except perhaps the shakes. Those were tasty. The waiter never apologized which seemed tacky and just kept saying it was too loud to hear anything.笑
Been to this place numerous times. When Gordon Ramsay ran it, it was the best place in town. Now that the casino runs the place, the quality and service has suffered greatly. Menu changes were disappointing.  There are better burger places in Las Vegas. Not going back and will no longer recommend to friends coming to town.笑
Boy I can't wait to come back! Gordon Ramsay you did not disappoint.

We went during the weekday so the wait was minimal. 

I love how they had vegetarian options. You can replaced any of the burger with the portobella patty. Don't forget to order a shake with your burger. Let me tell you, it was probably the best shake I've ever had. I've been craving it ever since. 

We ordered Hell's Kitchen Burger with the portobella mushroom patty, Truffle Burger, truffle fries, and Creme Brûlée Shake.笑
Where do I begin so I had the lobster and shrimp burger and that was probably the most delicious burger I've ever had in a long time definitely worth the price!! Got sweet potato fries barely finished them cuz they were so generous with the amount they give lol highly highly treccomend!!笑
This place recently underwent a change of ownership, which we did not know until we were seated.  NONE of the delicious burgers that were on the menu are there anymore. The burgers we did order were NOT delicious - they were AWFUL.  4 of us in the party and no one finished theirs.  We ate what we were served as it took FOREVER to get our food and we were starving.  Plus, we had to send 2 of them back to be remade as they were overcooked (we asked for medium rare, not chared) .Fortunately we are Diamond players so we did not have to wait in the 45 min to 1hour plus line, but I PITY whoever waits for this crappy food.  The cafe would have been better. 
I eat burgers once a week and was looking forward to Burgrs, what a let down.  Maybe change the name to BUGGERS.  

GORDON, YOU OUGHT TO BE ASHAMED OF YOURSELF FOR ALLOWING YOUR NAME ON THIS PLACE, BUT I GUESS THE LICENSING FEES YOU RECEIVE MORE THEN MAKE UP FOR THE LACK OF FLAVOR, SERVICE ETC...  I can only hope that your star is now fading in Vegas and soon ALL of the place with YOUR NAME attached go under.

I cannot wait to see what takes the place of this joint (I cant even bring myself to call it a restaurant) - HOPEFULLY by the end of the year....or sooner.

* SHAME ON PLANET HOLLYWOOD or the F & B manager or whoever for allowing this place to remain open.

Apparently, I am in the minority as there are rave reviews here. Those who gave 4 or 5 star reviews most likely NEVER had the opportunity to eat at the original BURGR, or they would probably change their ratings.笑
As many others have posted, the wait just to get a seat is long.  Once seated, service is ok, they're quick to take your order, but the wait for the food is long.  I ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger.  The meat itself was cooked perfectly medium rare, but the toppings left something to be desired.  For something called the "Hell's Kitchen", I expected there to be some heat, but what I tasted was very mild, almost without any heat.  I think they need to boost up the heat factor. Fries are good, boosted by the excellent spicy ketchups they provide. Overall, everything tasted fine, but nothing special.   There are too many other burger options on the strip for me to give this a high recommendation.笑
I personally love this place, aioli ketchup, curry ketchup---truffle oil Parmesan fries---priceless.  Especially get those out first because burgers take some time.  Really great beers on tap.  I love the farmhouse-juicy beef with bacon and egg.  Love it.  Buns are great.  Don't pass up this place, in the Planet Hollywood.  Highly recommend.  The only downs are always a wait(good sign), and burgers take a minute to come out.  Make sure you order the fries------笑
The burger was as good as advertised!  I had the hell's kitchen burger and truffle fries, and everything was excellent.  One order of truffle fries is large, so good for sharing.笑
This place is awesome lol the seats are comfortable and they don't let you finish a soda before you got a fresh one and the food is unbelievable will behave again and try the forest burger with duck bacon it's the greatest...笑
If we are in the mood for burger, Ramsey's burger is the place we go. From unique to gourmet burger selections, it will be your ultimate burger experience. I normally like the: Hell's Kitchen burger, farmhouse and the chutney burger. You have to order the sweet potato fries, the powdered sugar and the dipping sauce is so good. The truffle Parmesan fries is also delish笑
** update ** - manager came by and apologized. Gave us discount. And they started telling tables about the food wait time. So ... gotta give credit where do. Fwiw - food was hot and delicious when it arrived. Subpar experience overall tho

Writing this from our table. 30 minutes into sitting here. No food. 

Waitress just said burgers take 25 minutes. Not for tables around us. And not mentioned on the menu. Just ours. So that's great. 

The line out front is a lie btw. They have Plenty of space, just want you to think it's great. There are multiple empty tables. 

Gordon - they are shitting on your brand mate. Step it up.笑
We had the Hell's kitchen burger , Butter Pecan Milkshake and Beer battered onion Rings. 
Onion Rings were good , could have improved on the portion though. 
The burger is one of the best I've ever had. My 2 cents -- Add the Roasted Jalapeno to it .
The milkshake is so good ! 2 of them a day is definitely worth 2000 calories though :)

Highly recommend ! 

-Pradeep笑
For 15 bucks just for the burger you can get a much flavorful burger at shake shack for way less 

Fries where waaaay over cooked笑
After watching the Bruno Mars concert, the wife and I headed back towards our hotel and stumbled on this gem of a restaurant inside the PH. It was about 11pm and didn't expect to wait as long as we did. I should have known better, this was Vegas! We stood in line for about 45 minutes before we got seated. Took off one star for this experience. They have a dedicated line for couples and trios; larger parties skip the line and head straight to the hostess for seating. Why penalize the smaller parties. When we got to the front of the line, we counted three parties of six that were seated before us. How about clearing one or two couples in between seatings for the larger parties to make it equitable?

We got seated and proceeded to order. I went with the cheeseburger with bacon and egg and the wife went with the one with arugula. And some fries. In about 5 minutes, a runner came with a plate of tritip nachos. We didn't touch it and waited for our waiter. Asked him what it was and he immediately realized it was wrong. To our surprise, he took the plate away. Why didn't he just leave it? It's not like he could have served it to another party? He came back a minute later and offered it to us no charge. It was excellente! Found out later that it was intended for the trio of drunk girls next to us, to which we had some good conversation.

The burgers came out, and it was perfectly cooked. Medium as we ordered. These burgers were legit, the bun was great and the fixins were perfect. Great great burger. Bacon was thick and crispy and the egg yolk made a de facto sauce for the beef. Wish I came back. And surprisingly didn't feel too gross after. Fries - just ok. I've tasted some awesome fries and this here is lacking. (my baseline for great fries? Lazy Dog)

Legit burger!笑
Delicious burger! Our waiter Alex was great! I had the Blue burger and it was cook to perfection on a tasty bun. Onion rings and fries are separate but 1 tower is perfect to share. My pick,  onion rings but fries were tasty.  Definitely worth the walk over to relax with a beer and burger!笑
The decorations and burgers were amazing, truffle fries were great too, the staff was really nice she introduced us the featured on the menu.笑
Wow.  This place was amazing.  The service was awesome.  Waiter was super attentive and very courteous.  Food was delicious and perfectly cooked.  My kids loved it. The picky eater said it was the best burger they ever had.笑
They don't take reservations, but they do text you when your table is ready. So put your name on the list, then walk around Planet Hollywood to gamble, people watch on the strip, shop in Miracle Mile, or get a drink at their bar while you wait for your table. 

It's kid friendly, casual, and not insanely priced. You still get a taste of "Gordon Ramsay" without breaking the bank. Everything is a-la-carte, so fries are extra. But one order of fries is enough for two people to share, and you can choose from several different types of fries, so it makes sense. 

All of our food (and drinks) came out quick and hot. The hostess, server, food runners, and bussers worked well together making sure that all tables were taken care of in a timely manner. Out of the 4 of us, we all left full and happy!笑
We went here back in March & were in love. We went back in May and were disappointed the menu changed. The burgers we got were still amazing and we left stuffed. Be sure you stop by hostess stand if you have a larger party. All small parties have to just wait in line.笑
This is my favorite place to get a burger in Vegas. It's relatively cheap and the arrive is friendly. There is usually a wait and you pay for fries separately. However, the presentation, atmosphere and taste is excellent.笑
I ordered the Hells Kitchen burger. I also ordered the truffle Parmesan fries. The burger took about 30 mins to come out so i waited on the fries.  So much food! I would say share the fries
The burger was delicious probably the best Ive ever had. The meat was cooked perfectly and the ingredients paired so well together i was not disappointed. I will be back to try something different.笑
Burger is not that great. Had high expectations before eating, kind of disappointed. The patty was not delicious at all.笑
Every time I come to Vegas I make it a point to stop by GRB, ( 5th time) the Hells Kitchen Burger is my fav, and I've never had an issue here.. until..... Monday May 29, 2017 @10pm, Waited 40mins in line, (which was to be expected since it was Memorial Day wknd)... was seated and had to wait another 15 mins to be acknowledge by anyone, or served water, finally was able to place our orders and then proceeded to wait another 38 mins for our food to come out. Burgers were suppose to be Medium rare, and they both came out over done and super dry, we had ordered fries that literally tasted like the bottom scrapped ends of sand paper, I'm giving this review 2 stars because at least the cremé brûlée shake was amazing. Very disappointing GRB was always one of my go to restaurants in LV. Not anymore.笑
No reservations. There is a line and you give your party size at the front. We waited in line for about 15 minutes and that was ok. I didn't mind waiting and we got in quicker than expected. 
Food took a little long to arrive but it was worth every minute. We started with a cheddar ale soup and a Cesar salad. Both were absolutely amazing. Soup was hot, creamy and had perfect texture. I ordered the blue cheese burger and my husband ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger. The blue cheese was of really good quality and the meat cooked exactly how I asked. The Hell's Kitchen burger was off the charts fantastic. Don't be intimidated by the heat! It's perfect. Just the right amount of kick and all the flavor! Finally, we had a chocolate shake. There's pudding on top of the shake! Pudding! Enough said!  I was beyond satisfied at Gordon Ramsay's Burger. I'm a big fan and think he's fantastic. This place lived up to my Ramsay expectations as far as cleanliness, quality and service. Please open one in LA!!笑
Skip it. Skip it. SKIP IT! I have been in Vegas for a week and literally couldn't find a bad meal. I let my guard down. Fool me once... This was horrible. We ordered chicken wings and they were ice cold in the middle. Clearly precooked and reheated. So gross. I had to insist that I wouldn't pay for them, rather than being offered a comp. Burgers were sub par. Definitely nothing to write home about. Disappointed for sure. I expected way more from Gordon Ramsay. So sad.笑
The burger was probably the best burger I've ever had. The fries were nicely spiced and perfectly crisp. The desert.... oh the desert....the chocolate caramel tart was so delicious we discussed the desire to lick the plate笑
We come to Vegas once a year. Every time we do we have to go to Gordon Ramsey Burger. It's our third time here and it's been remodeled since our last time it was Gordon Ramsay  BurGR. The burgers are still great which keeps us coming back every year. I had ordered the  farmhouse burger medium which comes with an egg, bacon and cheese. It was cooked to perfection. We also had the onion rings they are beer battered thick cut and come with two dipping sauces one chedder ranch the other chipotle ketchup it's enough to share.  Our previous visits we have had the truffle fries and they are great also. One other great thing is they accept total rewards comps. We will definitely be back on our next trip to Vegas.笑
For the moment we walked it we knew it would be fantastic! When you have a hostess like Evelyn who frets you in such a warm and friendly manner it sets the tone for an incredible dining experience. IMO Evelyn should be put on the fast track to management training. She certainly has the people skills. 
And of course the food and dining service is as always marvelous.笑
I came here after a long and fun night in Las Vegas.  I wanted a burger and the line wasn't bad at all at 1am.  I had the Hog Burger and it was so full of flavor. The ingredients were fresh and it's a must when coming here.  I also had the truffle fries and they were really good as well.  I'd love to come here again.笑
Chef Gordon Ramsey has never disappointed me. The best meal from start to finish I've ever had was at his signature steak house at the Paris resort and casino. Now I can honestly say that the best burger I've ever had in my life was here.

My picture will not do it justice, but the Farm Burger is simply awesome and definitely with every penny. While the cool fire display might bring people in, the food will keep them there. 

As a burger lover, this place is a must for me every time I'm in Las Vegas now.笑
For the price, the long lines and all the Hoopla around Ramsey, I'd expect the burgers to be phenomenal. They were decent, but nothing that justifies all the above.
I give it 2 stars because about a year ago, I ordered the fish and chips dish (which I believe is no longer on the menu - and thank god for that!) and what I got was appalling.
That fish was so greasy, I literally had a POOL of grease on my plate. When picked up there was grease dripping from the fish. I made the mistake of taking a bite and had a real gag reflex. Yes it was THAT BAD. It felt like I got a big tablespoonful of oil in my mouth. I couldn't even swallow it. I had to spit it out into my napkin.
For someone who was seen so often yelling at other restaurant owners about greasy fish and chips (on Kitchen Nightmares), the guy should go taste the version his own establishment serves. I think it takes special talent to get the batter that full of grease. 
Perhaps it was a fluke, but a dish like that should never leave the kitchen at ANY restaurant.
Or maybe that's why the dish is no longer on the menu...?

We were 4 people at our table and nobody really liked their food very much. All other dishes ordered that day got very mediocre responses from our table. Anyway, we never went back after that.笑
Over priced, over hyped, mediocre burgers.

The wait to sit is long. The wait to get your food is even longer. Burgers are around $15 and up. Fries are not included and they will run you $8, $11 if you want truffle fries. 

The burger patties are DRY. I wanted to try a specialty burger so I went with the Hog Burger ($18) and BF went with the Hell's Kitchen Burger ($15). Both of the patties were dry. We also got the truffle fries ($11) and they were steak fries which I am not a fan of. Also, they came out lukewarm. Now, I have no problem with the price if the burgers are good. I understand this is Vegas, on the strip, so I understand the high prices. But if I'm paying for those prices, I expect it to be good. I've had super premium dry age beef burgers upwards to $26 to greasy spoon burgers, and I love them all as long as they are good. I rather eat In-N-Out, Shake Shack, even Five Guys that I don't like that much over Gordon Ramsay Burger. Even if they are the same price. 

The service is a whole 'nother thing. We waited close to an hour for the burgers to come out. The server explain that it takes them 45 minutes to an hour to cook the burgers. At least they could have given us the fries beforehand? And how come some people got their stuff quicker than us? We were highly suspicious they dropped our order or something went wrong in the back. Around 30 minute mark, we asked about our order and they said our burgers were next. Another 15 minute and no burgers. 50 minutes ish, the burgers come out and a bit later the manager comes over to apologize and explain, but there isn't much of an explanation. He says he'll get us a free beer or a shake but I know I'm gonna be way too full for that. I'd rather he comped the mediocre fries or something but oh well.

In the end, the bill was over $60 for two burgers, fries, and a beer. And a highly regrettable choice of meal for our short time in Vegas.笑
We came here at around 4:30 and only had to wait less than five minutes before we were seated. We ordered truffle fries and some beer on tap. My husband ordered the blue cheese burger and I ordered the farm burger, both medium. We did wait a while to get our food but the waitress let it be known that there was an average of a 30-minute wait to get our food. We didn't mind. Shortly after being seated we saw the line get very long. The average wait time was about 40 minutes to be seated. Our burgers were excellent. Can't wait to come back and try some more.笑
We were so excited to come back here after a year but everything was a big disappointment. The hostess was super unfriendly, the waiter didn't have enough information about the menu and finally those burgers didn't,t have a good quality like before. I,m sorry but we are not going there anymore.笑
It's a simple pub food type menu.

Everything was cooked perfectly.

Overall we were happy and will be back.笑
It was good. I liked the bun and burger itself but all the toppings were kind of bland. The fries were probably my favorite part of the meal. And for being Vegas, I didn't remember thinking it was crazy expensive. 

And that's all I have to say about that. 

Jackee笑
WoW went here Excited and was let down .. the service here was bad , everyone in red and grey shirts or blue and grey were more interested with socializing with eat each then getting the food out.. there was constant orders waiting while they stood around and talked . You can see the order up in the kitchen and they just constantly sat there it was so bad and I was really let down. If my name was on this place there would be a big overhaul.笑
We were so disappointed! Terrible service!  Cold fries, no refills and no server for most of the meal! I have watched Gordon Ramsay for years and I went in there expecting top notch service.... not at all what we got! We spent over $100 on a burger and a drink and it was not good.  The service is what really killed it!!!! I know when it's busy you have to juggle your tables... but at least acknowledge us and let us know you will be right with us..... it took 25 minutes just to get waters. Such a disappointment! 
Lisa Shaw笑
Is it weird that I read everything on the menu in Gordon Ramsay voice?

Big dawg was huge and full of flavor. Crown burger cooked just right but feel like it needed more oomph. Still enjoyable. Parmesan truffle fries are amazing.

Wait is a little long so be prepared during prime times.笑
While visiting Vegas, we were in the mood for a burger and decided to give this place a try. We've passed by it before and the line always deterred us from going. We had some time to spare so we decided to try. We did wait in line for about a half hour before being seated. They had a opening at the chef's table so we took that spot. We both tried the ultimate cheeseburger which was very tasty. With the burger, we ordered fries and onion rings. Both of which were fantastic. It did take about 30 minutes for the burgers to arrive which the waiter did advise us. I suggest ordering the onion rings or an appetizer before the burgers come out like we did. 

If you have some time to spare to wait in line, I highly recommend trying Gordon Ramsay Burger.笑
Craving a burger in Vegas?  Look no further because this might be one of the best burgers in town.  

Came here with a group of friends after driving in from LA. Got to the restaurant at 4pm and was seated immediately. When you first look at the menu you might think the burgers are pricey, but each burger comes with a considerable amount of beef.

I ordered the Forest Burger for myself and our table got the Parmesan truffle fries and sweet potato fries to share.  The Forest Burger comes with mushrooms, tremor cheese, arugula, and duck bacon.  This is my definition of a gourmet burger! The combination of all the ingredients was perfect; no item dominated the other.  If you aren't super hungry, sharing a burger is definitely reasonable, but be sure to ask for a knife to split the burger.

The Parmesan truffle fries are a MUST.  They might have changed up the way they serve this because the first time I ate here (maybe a year ago) it came with shoestring French fries, melted parmesan cheese, and truffles on top. My most recent trip, they came out with thicker pieces of fries, truffles, and shredded Parmesan.  Both times the fries were phenomenal and full of flavor.  Make sure to dip your fries in the garlic aioli sauce that comes on the side, you will thank me later.笑
Best Burger In Las Vegas ! We sat on the bar where you can see the kitchen and was a great experience Will go back to this amazing place !笑
I just had the lobster burger and foodgasm. 
Kettle chipped nachos. Holy heavens batman. 
This place blew my mind.笑
It wasnt the best burger for that price but a nice experience. 
We got there @ exact 12pm on Thursday got seated immediately. But by the time we finished, there was a short line. 
We ordered 1 helllkitchen burger and 1 lobster&shrimp burger, 1 truffle parmesan fries and 1 hellfire chicken wings with blue cheese. Ah an 1 cocktail (cant recall the name)
The burgers are huge!! Luckily we were really hungry that we can finish all. 
Chicken wings was what I was craving for. Im not a big fan of blue cheese but it was a good combination with the wings. 
I would say the lobster burger was slightly better. The beef burger was well cook to what I ordered(medium well) 
Truffle fries were a bit too hard (i think they were coated with corn starch).
Service was Ok as it was not too busy.笑
We got a lovely surprise... My fiance took a bite of our lovely nachos and ended up with a mouth full of cheese flavored plastic. The waiter scooped it up and had it replaced immediately but after spitting up a huge chunk of plastic we were like "ehhh,no thanks." The waiter persisted and quickly brought out a fresh plate. We were surprised to see that they were not taken off our bill. We didn't even get an apology from the manager. The burger was good enough but my hot dog was pretty gross. I was so excited too. Gordon is my absolute favorite. Oh the disappointment.笑
2017 Review 33/100

5 stars for some of the best food and best service I've ever received at a restaurant. I'm a Gordon Ramsay fan and this was my first time at one of his restaurants and I was very impressed.

The food was the shining star, as it should be. We had the hummus as an appetizer and W.O.W. It was probably some of the best - if not THE best - hummus I've ever had in my entire life, no exaggeration. After we finished the dish I immediately looked up Ramsay's recipe and I plan to make it very soon. Funny enough, neither of us ordered burgers and this burger joint. We had burgers for lunch so we were feeling something different. My friend ordered the Chicken Saltimbocca Sliders and I had the Wheatberry-Quinoa Salad. Both were extremely good. And the burgers looked amazing. I really want to return again and try one. For desert, it was the Blood Orange Creamsicle. Tangy orange popsicle goodness with a creamy center. We also ordered drinks. I had the Skinny Screw and she had the Acai Lemonade. Again, very, very good.

Our waiter, Ryan, was the best. He was super personable and knew the menu extremely well so he was able to make some great recommendations on what to order. Since he seemed to be such a foodie we even asked him for a recommendation on where to go for breakfast the next morning and his recommendation did not disappoint (see my review for Mon Ami Gabi).

It's worth noting this place does not take reservations. You will have to wait in line to get a table. How long you have to wait just depends on the day and time you choose to dine here. We went on a weekday for a little bit earlier dinner and only had to wait about 15 minutes. But I have heard from others the wait can get up to 2 hours, so plan accordingly, particularly if you are catching a show afterward.

The hype is real and I highly recommend you add Ramsay's burger joint to your Vegas foodie "to do" list.笑
Get the short rib nachos. You won't be disappointed. I took off 1 star because my burger was overcooked and the $11 truffle fries were lack luster. I'd definitely go back.笑
Excellent burger .   The atmosphere is nice. Very clean and quiet place. The service is a little slow. But my waitress was polite and nice.  Would have loved to take a picture of my mushroom burger but my battery died on my phone.笑
If you like burgers, you might love this place. I thought it was overpriced and not worth the wait.笑
Long wait, mediocre at best food. Overpriced for what you get and restaurant employees indifferent to you. I don't think they're concerned if you're satisfied or not, there's a line at the door waiting for your table.笑
A good burger place. You can stick with the norm or you can try something a little bit different. Service was fine, fast and efficient.笑
This is the best piece of food I ever put in my mouth . I've never ate a stake that taste this good . I had the farm burger . We also got garlic parm fries and sweet potato fries . Both were excellent but even with four people I recommend just getting the burgers . With the fries it was to much food. This is a can't miss if your in Vegas . I wanted to go back before we left but ran out of time .笑
I'm a huge GR fan and this was my first visit to one of his restaurants. However, I'm pretty disappointed. 

My waitress asked how I wanted my burger done, and I said well done. I don't like pink in my burger-- it grosses me out. I ordered the Hells Kitchen burger. I also ordered the truffle Parmesan fries. The cocktails are very strong! And yummy.

In less than 4 minutes my burger and fries came out. My burger looked delicious, until I bit into it. So raw, I could mush it (all I thought in this moment was that the cow was literally walking bc it was so rare, clearly I am obsessed with Ramsay). However, the ingredients were definitely fresh, the bun was perfect. The avocado was so huge, it was impossible to eat my burger without making a mess. So I mushed the avocado and then put it on my burger. No big deal, because it was a delicious and generous amount of avocado. The fries were a bit dry, somewhat crunchy, needed some salt, but tasted good once I dipped them in ketchup. You get a bunch of the French fries to share ($11).

I ate what was brown enough. The waitress said the manager took care of my burger which was really generous. I would come back for sure. But would probably choose a different burger and hopefully they make it well done next time I'm in Vegas.笑
I'm still thinking about that burger! I had the Tandoori Chicken burger which was tiny bits of chopped chicken in a delicious tahini vinaigrette with crumbled feta cheese. I will be going back to Planet Hollywood for another one. I loved it!笑
I don't know how people could say this place doesn't live up to its hype, because I LOVED my experience here! I had the lobster and shrimp burger  ($25) but it was $25 well spent! It's one of their specialties! The lobster and shrimp patty was so fresh and freaking delicious. The truffle fries were good but the sweet potato fries were even better. It had a nice crispy texture with powered sugar! Also, if you get the lobster and shrimp burger be aware that the pickled veggies are kind of spicy because there are jalapeños in it! Besides that, its definitely worth trying and the service was great!笑
If you love burgers, and are tired of Burgers as usual, then this place is for you.  The restaurant is located inside Planet Hollywood Casino and can be a little challenging to find depending on which entrance you come through.  Dress code is casual. There was a little wait to be seated but the food was delicious!  I took a recommendation from my server and got the Uber burger with mango chutney added.  It was a 10! I also got a side of the truffle fries which are large enough to be shared by two people.  I would definitely come here again.笑
Was walking around Vegas looking for somewhere to eat and when we saw this the burgers called our name, I had gone here before and it was good!!!.  We were quickly serviced and seated. Then we ordered, and to our surprise the burgers came out 3 maybe 5 min after ordering.  At first, since we were starving, we were happy to just have food in front of us, however that feeling was short lived.  We quickly realized the burgers got there so fast that they must have been sitting there already cooked for god knows how long.  But again since we were starving, we continued to eat.  And let me tell you what a mistake that was, I've been having stomach pain since and wasted a lot of time last night and this morning in the room rather than enjoying my trip.  Very disappointed.  Will not be returning.笑
Ordered a farmhouse burger and took an hour and 20 mins to get it to my table. Never coming back笑
Totally surpassed my expectations!  The truffle fries were off the hook!  Both of our burgers were amazing!笑
Service was fine, burgers absolutely flawless and especially the "F-Word" and the "Hells Kitchen" were remarkable笑
Great burgers, fries, and shakes.

Employees were incredibly friendly and attentive. Our server was excellent, he did a great job explaining everything to us and we never had to ask for anything. Our water cups were always full. He had a great personality. Their burgers are made with quality ingredients and you can taste the difference. The bun held everything together and was fresh. The meat patty was juicy and seasoned well. Their fries are also cooked to perfection. Our shakes were amazing and was a meal in itself. I highly recommend getting one and sharing it. The shake, burger, and fries was a lot. You can also share the fries too, their portions are generous. The ambiance is relaxed. 

Good stuff!笑
This used to be one of my favorite lunch places when I am in Las Vegas.  Previously this restaurant was named Gordon Ramsey Burgr.  The quality of food and cleanliness has gone down substantially since the name change.  The Fire decor at the front of the restaurant is so dirty and grungy.  The sweet potato fries were hard not soft and crispy.  The dipping sauce for the fries tasted fishy.  The Hog Burger was still very good.  Service was still excellent.笑
Contrary to other reviews our service was excellent. Our fries arrived cold, and old. We received another batch which was just as bad. At the end or server removed them from our check without us even asking. I had a Hells kitchen burger which was good but it was just a burger. After waiting in line for 30 minutes I felt kind of silly.笑
I walked up to the place, inside of planet Hollywood, and there was a giant line. So I saw a couple of single seats open at the bar, so I asked the hostess if they were available, and got instant seating. I got the burger with the egg on it it was fantastic. I also got the truffle Parmesan fries and they were terrific as well.

I will definitely come back here.笑
WHAT?  They changed the menu this past month and took away the jalapeño poppers??? They figured out that their is an "E" in Burger so changed the name to Burger instead of Burgr.  They revamped their menu but some of the classics are still there like the farmhouse burger (my favorite) The sweet potato fries are still great and unchanged.  But come on, you can get a good burger anywhere on the strip.  The Jalapeño poppers truly was my big draw to this place.笑
This is the second time I have been here. The burgers are SO good! They are totally worth going to the strip for. The first time we went, we ordered a bunch of items to try and we were too full to enjoy our burgers. So this time we only ordered burgers. We REALLY enjoyed the burgers. Juicy and delicious!笑
My second experience for GR burger actually ended up being a subpar experience.

As where I am paying 4 times higher price per burger, I expected an equivalent service. However, our service was nothing but a disappointment. The server forgot our drinks. Once she brought them she spilled them all over the table and me. Broke a glass on us. Our food was served super late. No one came to really apologize us about the whole awful experience.

The food was alright. The beef was not even juicy to think that i got a steak in between my buns. 

Would I come back? Not really unless a friend visiting wants to try it笑
I have been a fan of Gordon Ramsay for as long as I've been a foodie. We picked this place over the other GR restaurant because it was within our price range. It's located in Planet Hollywood and you're greeted by a line of fire with the words Gordon Ramsay Burger. The wait wasn't bad, the line moved pretty quickly but please note that if you have a party of more than 3 people, go to the front and tell the wait staff. We had a party of about 15 and we didn't see that sign until we were near the front so it was too late for that. Our wait was about an hour on a Monday night. I think if you have a smaller party, the wait should not be as long as ours. And reservations aren't available. The neat thing is you don't have to be there waiting until the hour is up, I was able to give them my number and they would text me when the table is clearing. We walked around outside and saw the Fountains at the Bellagio. 
I ordered the Hell Kitchen's burger with the truffle fries. They warn you ahead of time to share the truffle fries with a couple of people so don't let the price deter you. This was probably the best burger I have ever had in my life. It definitely beats a few of my favorite burger joints in Dallas. It's also big so you'll be super satisfied. I split my burger with my friend who had the Farmhouse burger. The Farmhouse burger was interesting, wasn't my favorite exactly but it was still good. It had interesting toppings. The truffle fries were super flavorful. Every bite you took had good flavor. We were able to dip it in an aioli sauce and ketchup. The ketchup here is SUPER fresh, not packaged in a Hunt's ketchup bottle and you can definitely tell. I'm telling everyone who goes to Vegas to check this place out. Definitely worth your time and money.笑
Long wait times to get in, although food was flavorful and delicious. Wine choices and dessert choices were stellar. Honestly saw wear and tear on the bar stools though. The truffle fries were not "snappy" like French fries should be... they weirdly had a stale like consistency. The Hog burger was great, but destroyed my intestines that night. I don't know what ingredient did it; but I'd love to know so I could do an "elimination diet" experiment with the ingredients. Overall, I'd give it four to five stars if it wasn't for loud atmosphere and wear in the restaurant.笑
We were seated right away so that was nice. Love the location of it so you don't get lost in the Casino looking for it! My mom and I split the Crown burger, and it was pretty good but not life changing. My Dad however had the Farmhouse burger and said it was the best burger he'd ever had. He's an old man from the South who's had a lot of burgers in his time, so that's saying something. The Truffle Fries were AMAZING. Just wow. It may be an extra add into the price but they are more then worth it. Just get them.笑
We were very excited to Gordon Ramsay Burger, especially because we had Gordon Ramsay Fish and Chips the day before and absolutely loved it. Unfortunately, it did not meet the hype. It was a 45 minute wait for a table of 10, and another 15-20 minutes for the actual burger. 

We ordered the truffle fries. I don't agree with some of the reviews here, about the truffle fries being amazing. I've definitely had better. The fries were thick cut and not crispy, and the sauce that accompanied it was just okay. Gordon Ramsay Burger has their own homemade ketchup which none of us was a fan of. The onion rings were slightly better than the fries but again, I've definitely had better. For my entree, I've had one of their "secret" burgers which consisted of NY Strip and Ribeye and cost $22. The meat itself was amazing - very juicy and tender, absolutely delicious. My boyfriend had the Forest burger. He did not like it at all and only had a couple of bites. He thought it was dry. My friend had the hotdog, which he thought was good. 

Service was great and the restaurant itself was beautifully renovated. I'd probably go back to Gordon Ramsay Fish and Chips and Gordon Ramsay Steak and skip this one.笑
The atmosphere here is nice, with modern decor and a beautiful fire display in the front as you enter. I was surprised by the food here, as my expectations were pretty high for this place given the name, but I was incredibly disappointed. There were 4 in our party and two ordered burgers. One was ordered as medium well, but it was medium (bright pink center throughout) at best. The second was ordered medium and it was closer to medium rare (bright red center).Our server only checked on us once right at the first bite, so we never had a chance to voice our complaint. She was very nice and did a great job otherwise. 
The truffle fries were way over cooked. 
Check out some of the other burger joints in this area as there are TONS and here you are really only paying for the name. 


*Edit: I added a third star to my review as I was contacted by the management team in regards to my review. The individual who reached out has shown genuine concern for my experience and promised follow up will be made with staff to ensure this does not happen in the future. 
I personally feel exceptional customer service is essential in this industry, so this was very meaningful to me. Ownership is essential and they seem to want to genuinely provide a great experience to their customers, including recognizing they made a mistake and ensuring they catch any that may occur quickly enough in the future so it can be resolved.笑
I came here on a Thursday afternoon for a late lunch. Gordon Ramsay Burger is located inside of the Planet Hollywood hotel. There always seemed to be a line in the evening (7pm-8pm). There were four of us and we were able to snag a table immediately at 5pm. The staff here are great, very attentive and constantly refilling our drinks without us even having to ask :)

I had high expectations since this is a Gordon Ramsay restaurant and I was not disappointed. I ordered the Hells Kitchen Burger which comes with asadero cheese, roasted jalapenos, avocado, roasted tomatoes and jalapeno aioli. This was one of the best burgers I have ever had, I loved the spiciness of the roasted jalapenos and jalapeno aioli and the bun was perfectly toasted. The burger itself was cooked medium well per my request, the meat was juicy, not overcooked and dry. There is a huge variety of burgers on the menu so if you are not a fan of spice, there are many other options. I also ordered the Truffle Parmesan Fries to share as a table. The fries were perfectly cooked and I loved the flavors. The burger is very filling so sharing the fries as a table was ideal.

I would definitely recommend this restaurant and I plan on coming back on my next trip to Vegas. The prices are super reasonable for a high end burger created by Gordon Ramsay :)笑
All I have to say, is that this place was not only cool especially with the fire display in the front of the restaurant but omg! The Hell's Kitchen burger was one of the best burgers Ive ever had! The meat was so tender and juicy, overall the burger just melted in your mouth. I couldn't stop eating it, and I normally don't finish a big meal.. but this burger...I made it a mission to eat it.. I made it a goal! And boy, I was sad once I was officially done with it because I knew it will be forever until I get this burger again.:(  It felt like I woke up from a great dream. If you are unsure on what to get from the menu.. GET THE HELLS KITCHEN BURGER!笑
Amazing burgers! Sub-par service. 

+Crown Burger: My boyfriend ordered this and it was delicious, something about the dried tomatoes complimented the burger very well.
+Blue Cheeseburger: I got this because I love blue cheese. I asked for the spicy mayo on the side because I didn't want it to be too saucy or spicy. This burger was not as good as the crown burger because it tasted so buttery and heavy. It was cooked perfectly and once I removed some of the cheese, the buttery-ness subsided, which was good. 
+Onion Rings: Best onion rings ever! So glad we got these instead of the truffle fries. The breading was perfectly seasoned and crispy and the ranch and chipotle ketchup were amazing. 

-The server disappeared after we got our food and we weren't able to flag her down to get the check for around 20-30 minutes. She tended to the tables around us but never came back for us. The bussers were extremely helpful though.

I would definitely come back but not if I'm in a rush to be anywhere.笑
The name Gordon Ramsay doesn't add up to the burger. The bread and the meat were not better than Shake Shack. Dissapointed and overrated笑
Delicious! The lines can get long, but if you put your name down, they'll text you when your table is almost ready :) I came on a Sunday night around 7:30pm and had to wait for about 45 minutes for a party of 3. 

I got the: 
-Farmhouse burger 
-Hells kitchen burger 
-Hells kitchen chicken wings 


The farmhouse burger was soooo yummy. It wasn't as dynamic as the Hell's Kitchen burger, but it was simple yet delicious. There was an egg in it, which went perfectly with the bacon and meat. The egg was made perfectly... the runny yolk actually squirted out when I tried to cut the burger. 

The Hell's Kitchen burger had spicy jalapeño aoli and really just so much going on. It was delicious!! 

I actually didn't like the chicken wings that much. It was pretty juicy, but I'm not a huge fan of tangy flavors so it wasn't my favorite. 

The restaurant's front has a huge fire lining the wall and a 'Gordon Ramsay Burgr' sign- super cool! Gordon Ramsay's picture was everywhere hahahah  who is that again?? Some decent chef, right?! ;)笑
Gordon ramsay is fucking brilliant. Enough said. There was a little bit of a wait when we went, but it was totally worth it. Got the Bleu cheeseburger and my friend got the hells kitchen burger. Along with some parmesan fries. Everything was absolutely delicious! Go if you're in town.笑
If you're foodie or just wish to enjoy a simple yet sophisticated burger, this is your place. 
We were fortunate to be served by a waitress that worked with their restaurant from the opening. She was very informative and attentive. 

Although our party of 8 weren't fortunate enough to see Mr. Gordon , we were still very content....it was all about the food. 

Burgers  are simply flavorful!!  Try their truffle fries and Hell's Kitchen burger.

I'll also add, There are very few places that you notice how comfortable your seats are....this place has very comfortable seats. 

Highly recommend if you're in Las Vegas.笑
Ordered the F@&K burger, because it's a limited special and I know I won't be back to Vegas for quite awhile. It had a great flavor, and the meat, which I could taste the higher quality being aged, was cook exactly as I asked. My party of six was extremely satisfied. One of whom refused to finish his burger because he said "I do t want it to end". Top notch burgers!笑
I make sure to eat here every time I am in Vegas. I am a huge Gordon Ramsay fan so I may be biased but I think this restaurant is fabulous. It is so affordable and the burgers are to die for. Most recently I ordered the 'Patriot Burger' which was actually a turkey burger and it was amazing. I also really enjoy the 'Caribbean Dream' drink. Although I'm not positive what is in it, it is delicious.  Atmosphere and decor are different and fun. Good for families or date-night.笑
Came into this spot with high hope and buy they didn't disappoint. I had the Hells Kitchen Burger and it was by far the best burger I've ever had. I tried the truffle fries as well and they were also amazing! I couldn't be more happy with the service I had either. Our server was amazing and fast. Best bite I had in Vegas!笑
I went to this burger place in Vegas we ordered few different burgers to try and I have to say.....it's sacks ... All overcooked. Bad service. Not worth the money. Not god Gordon Ramsay. Not good.笑
Pros: variety of tasty burgers and sweet potatoes are a must!! 
Cons: Long wait, longtime for burgers to come out笑
I have lived in Vegas my whole life and I don't think I've ever been to a celebrity chef owned restaurant yet. Well, there's a first time for everything. 

I'll make this short and sweet: this place is kind of overrated. $15 to eat a burger (price of fries not included) in front of a giant portrait of Gordon Ramsay. I had the Crown Burger which is just a fancier version of the DGB from Red Robin. Tastes exactly the same. We waited an eternity for our burgers to come out: the guys who were seated much after us got their food at the same time we did. Our fries were cold and stale. Only thing I liked about the meal was the dipping sauce for the fries. I was also pretty impressed with presentation, but presentation can't fix mediocre food.笑
The food was okay. But our server TAMMY was HORRIBLE. She never acknowledge us. But she was more focused on the other costumers. She had a whole conversation with them until we finished our dinner. That was a disappointment.笑
The wait was too long. The food terrible. For all Gordon Ramsey brags about... not worth.笑
$14 min for your Burger, hot dog or otherwise. It's good, but I've had just as good a burger if not better at places that give you fries with your menu item. We ordered the tuna sliders, parm fries and the bangers and mash. Fries were ok, but a little dry, not made to order. Dipping sauces were the star there. The garlic aioli was fantastic. 
The tuna sliders were good, lacked the burst of flavor I think we were hoping and expecting it would have. Bangers and mash was pretty decent, the little potato balls were awesome, the roll the sausages were on were fresh and delicious. I can't complain overall, however - devils always in the details. 
That being said the curry dipping sauce I requested on the side had been sitting in the fridge and I had to stir it up a little to be able to dip anything in it. 
When you're paying $25-30 for a burger and fries..... I expect little things like that to be right. 
It just sort of misses the mark for me. 
I've been here before and said the same thing.... I only came back because my sister had never tried the place and wanted to go. 
I can't really say that I'll be back. 
The novelty is in the name, certainly not the dishes.笑
Hot Dog = Food Poisoning

I've never had food poisoning until now, thanks a lot Gordo.笑
I had the backyard burger it was really good and the fries are big enough to share for two our wait time was about 20 minutes .笑
+ THE FOOD
This is the best burger I've ever had!! It was so good that we came back again during our short trip to Vegas before we left. The first burger I tried was the Hell's Kitchen burger. This was absolutely perfect since it had nice spicy flavors to it and huge portions of avocados. The burger was extremely juicy- so much that I spilled it all over myself. The flavors were perfect- not too salty but still good enough to keep you wanting for more. The second burger I had was the Farmhouse Burger. While this one wasn't as the first burger I tried, it was still pretty good. A lot of the flavor came from the egg only. The truffle fries were amazing. There was a lot of truffle flavor to it but the best part came from the dipping sauces! There is a garlic aiola type of sauce and a sweeter ketchup, which might be curry ketchup. Definitely would pay a visit whenever I'm back in Vegas.笑
What an opportunity to have to be in one of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants. Coming to Vegas, I have always been looking forward to this restaurant.

Soooooo I ordered the Forest Burger. I chose this because I saw that it has some sort of duck bacon which immediately caught my attention. Tried it and it tasted great and unique. The meat was my favorite part; It was perfectly cooked to medium rare and everything. When it comes to portion, at first I thought it was a bit small. However I realized that it was at a pretty good portion to keep you happy and satisfied without feeling bloated. A side of fries could also fit right in. 

Service was awesome. They check up more often than not and they're super friendly and sociable. As for the wait time, it took about 20 minutes. Not ideal but it's fine.

Would come back!笑
We visited here 6/28, and we had high expectations. The restaurant was clean and nice, our server started off nice, but once we ordered drinks and our food she was nowhere to be found. We requested that our Truffle Fries come out before our burgers because we were hungry, after waiting 30 minutes, all of our food came out together! The burgers were overcooked (we both asked for medium) very disappointing! She also let my husbands Diet Coke go empty twice. This place is just an overpriced Red Robin. Sorry Gordon Ramsay, your food and servers at this place suck.  The only good thing was my cocktail.笑
This place is crazy busy. We decided to do take out instead. I gave them my cell so they could text me when my burgers were done. It was going to take 35 mins. Lucky for them, it's part of a casino/mall so we had plenty of things to keep us busy. After almost an hour and no text, I returned to see how the order progressed. The girl returned w my order all ready. To my disappointment it looked like it was sitting there a while and the burgers were not hot. 

We had the Hog and it was well made. Pink in the inside and favors well balanced. I also had one w curry spice. Wasn't what I expected but it was still good. No sides w order. Spent almost $40 for 2 burgers n tips. Great to try but I won't do it again. It's not bad but also not that that great.笑
First of all, I HATE the wait process for this restaurant. If you are a party of three or more, you can submit your name and phone number and be called back. However, if you are only a two top, you have to wait behind some rope and get called in one table at a time. I'm sure this is so a crowd develops and sparks interest but it's really annoying to feel trapped in this line. The wait time we were quoted was way off...and not in our favor. There's nowhere to sit. You can't explore the casino while you're waiting. You have to just stand in the line at their mercy. It would be better if you could at least make an Open Table reservation and the overflow had to wait outside to attract a crowd but this line is your only option. We waited at least 45 minutes at 9:00 on a weeknight! 

Anyway...my other con to this restaurant is it kind of smells like a dirty rag at the entry way. Like that dirty bar smell that you sometimes encounter. I was SHOCKED by this two years ago when I first dined here and I was even more shocked that it still had this odor two years later. Very disappointing and it should be taken care of. Not up to Ramsay standards (that he prides himself in on TV) and his name is attached to this place. 

It is VERY loud in this establishment. It's totally open to the casino at the front and back of the restaurant so you have restaurant noise, casino noise, bar noise, television noise, music...on this particular day I had a migraine so I was really overstimulated. If you want ambiance and a private conversation...this is not the place for you! 

Our server was excellent. He noticed I wasn't feeling well. He sympathized with my migraine and even offered me Advil. He stooped down to our table to talk and take our order and I told him how much I valued his personality after our long day (we just returned from a 12 hour excursion). He was absolutely the star of this visit! He told us the burgers were running long and he would bring us our fries first. He was just so kind, attentive, efficient and great at his job. This establishment is lucky to have him and there should be more servers like him out there! 

They don't have Heinz ketchup here. Only homemade ketchup. For me, this was a major flaw. I just don't like the homemade ketchup. It doesn't taste anything like the flavor I enjoy from Heinz. I got the Hell's Kitchen burger. It was ok. It wasn't particularly flavorful which is surprising  considering how much stuff is on it (jalapeño, roasted tomato, avocado...) My mom got the backyard burger which she said was delicious. We split fries. If I was feeling better I would say we definitely could have gotten away with an order of fries per person. I love french fries and the orders aren't THAT big. If you love fries and don't like to share them...go with one order per person. 

I wanted to love this place more than I do. My migraine, I'm sure contributed somewhat. They need to figure out that smell...and get some regular ketchup for those of us that prefer it. Stop forcing the homemade stuff on us! And please make Open Table available!笑
Came here 20 minutes before closing and sat at the bar. The host greeted us and was friendly. The bar server was cool and attentive.

The hell's kitchen burger which is there best seller was soooo good. I added an egg which cost 3 bucks extra. 
Their shakes are awesome. Their caramel with pecan sounds super sweet but wasn't too sweet at all. 
Their oreo tiramisu shake is the bomb! definitely a must get if you're not on a calorie count lol笑
The burgers were good but I have had better. The fries were stale and weren't as good as we were told. The service was decent, but we received our burgers and then our fries about 5 minutes later. I really believe the rave about this place is just because of Gordon Ramsey's popular name and because it's in The Vegas Strip.笑
Went on a Thursday night and the wait wasn't too long. Staff were friendly. Ordered the special hamburger that was not on the menu (limited to 100 per night). It was priced at $22. It was a strip sirloin and ribeye grounded together and topped with a little bit of brisket. This was a disappointment. The burger was dry, not tasty and I ordered it as suggested by the server. The bun was excellent.  The nachos tasted good but had way too much cream sauce. The onion rings were tasty. They come in this cone holder. The not so good part was the bottom rings got soggy with oil. Which made them unappetizing. Would I go eat there again? Probably not.笑
Surprisingly it wasn't as good as I was hoping...

The wait wasn't too bad, they told us about 2 hours for a table of 8 but it ended up only taking 1 hour. 

We got a poutine to split for the table, and I just got one of the burgers and truffle fries... No clue which burger it was, I think the hell's kitchen burger that had avocado in it. It was nothing spectacular though. In the end, service was pretty slow and food was just okay. 

I had really high hopes for this place, but I only have myself to blame. I hyped it up for myself, next time, I'll just stick tot he buffets or something.笑
Flipping amazing! Not too expensive, everything is delicious. Everything is gourmet, cold beer on tap, great staff,right in the middle of the strip. 
Definitely recommend if your in Vegas.笑
Recently tried this delicious burger place while out in Vegas. An absolute must stop if you are a fan of Gordon Ramsay and his delicious food. The line can be quite a wait but if you have a party of 4 or more can go by a bit quicker with preference for larger parties

Onto the food. I had one of the best burgers I've ever tasted in my life. Great quality meat and condiments. The ambience is amazing along with the friendly staff. Will def be checking this place out while in Vegas in the near future笑
5 stars to the burger! The burger was so delicious. Delicious meat. Delicious cheese. The "just fries" were $8 and nothing beyond less than ordinary. I could have made them better at home. The server was an a$$h*** and couldn't even deliver regular ketchup. Only chipotle ketchup that tasted terrible. This is American food. Get some regular ketchup. Server said I'm just not used to it. No salt and pepper within reach. The server was rude to his trainee in front of customers. He had a bully attitude. Server asked me how I want my burger done then tells the customer next to me that the burgers only come one way. Inconsistency. The fries were stale and chewy. The servers name is Robert at the bar. Attitude problem from *ell.  He automatically judged me for being in my 20s and told me if I don't have money walk up and down the strip and do nothing with my time. Very rude and unprofessional. I understand it's Vegas but coming from the perfectionist Gordon Ramsey cmon now. The server is what made the experience beyond terrible. I would've ignored the terrible fries had I had A+ service.笑
Egg slut is way better. This place is Not worth the wait.

First it took us 30 min to get a table.  One we ordered it took 30 min to get the food.  The burger came out looking great but when I took my first bite there was no wow factor.  Just a plain unseasoned burger.  The bacon was the wow factor.笑
I live here in Vegas behind the flamingo so I decided to park there for free and take a walk I ended up here. I've been to his pub at caesars and I just wanted a good burger. I sat at the bar the staff was spot on, friendly and took my order quickly, another staff member seemed like a manager was on top of everything, working the room and keeping people happy, the burger with the asiago was delicious i think it was called the hells kitchen burger I ordered med rare and got just that. I was pleased because some are to scared to keep it a little pink. They also didn't over price their burgers I had a burger an iced tea and with tip was only 23 dollars. I will be going back for sure!笑
Burgers were amazing we ordered hells kitchen and forest burger yummy!! Service was good he was very knowledgeable and explain things really well.  In addition, my son ordered an oreo shake and it was so good because it had creme brulee on top of it.  Definitely a must go if you haven't.  #firsttimers笑
We we're so excited to try Burger. Finally getting the chance, we stopped in Saturday night right before 6. Surprisingly the line was short and we were seated within 5 minutes. 

Our server was great, super informative. We ordered the Hells Kitchen Burger, Blue Cheese Burger and Truffle Fries to share. Our waiter told us it'd be about 20-25 minutes for food. I did think that was a little awkward to tell us that, but I appreciated the honesty. We weren't in any rush. 

By about 30-35, our food came out. Looked amazing. Cut my burger in half a saw it was definitely well done (we had both ordered ours medium). Not a big deal but when Red Robin can get a burger done-ness right and not Gordon Ramsay, that's a bit of an issue. 

The burger was great except the patty. All of the flavors were there. Loved the kick of spice and my boyfriend loved everything about his Blue Cheese burger. Except the party. Not sure why we waited that long to have over cooked burgers. 

The truffle fries had the same issue. The flavors were amazing. But the fries tasted like they sat under the heat lamp waaay too long. And no surprise, if you looked over to the kitchen you saw rows of fries sitting under the lamp. 

The kitchen was clearly behind which surprised me at 6 on a Saturday, not what I would think would be the dinner rush. There were plenty of empty tables around us. 

Seemed like they were waiting for the kitchen to catch up because they stopped seating people for about 15 minutes. By then, the burgers seemed to come out a lot quicker. 


I really wanted to like this place, and had our burgers been not been cooked to death and our fries sat out, it would have been 5 stars. 

Service 5 stars. Flavors 5 stars but it's the kitchen that brought it down. Work on efficiency and this place would be so great.笑
The burgers were fine for the money, but not LV special. Price wasn't too bad, but the sales pitches from the staff were annoying. That would all be forgivable except for watching food dying in the window from our seats. Seriously. Fries, rings, and apps sitting in the window for 10 minutes waiting on burgers to sell while a sous chef portioned sauces. Everything went out too. I felt bad for the people eating dead food.笑
In my opinion the restaurant is overrated. I was there yesterday and unfortunately I am very disappointed. I was always have very good opinion about Gordon's restaurant, but the reality was different. I ordered Lobster&Schrimp burger and Hell's Kitchen one, also the Trufle fries. The fries was so salty it wasn't tasty and for Lobster burger I also had higher hopes. The Hell's Kitchen burger was very good and I can recommend it at least. 

Also the service was very bad poor. For sure it isn't good memory.笑
Excellent burgers! I had the portobello mushroom burger, and my husband got the Hell's Kitchen burger in median rare meat. We both loved it. The portobello mushroom burger amazed me again and again, the burger was with lots of layers that I've never thought of a burger can be. The truffle fried was also a great choice, it came with two sauce, one is truffle mustard (maybe, not sure), the other red sauce is made of fresh tomato and some other ingredients that we couldn't figure out. But both sauces and fries itself were delicious!笑
I didn't really want a burger for dinner, but after walking the strip, we ended up here. I ordered the Hell's Kitchen (hot) burger. It was very good. My daughter ordered the Farm burger and loved it. The skinny screw was very good too.笑
Great tasting burgers for such a great price! One of the best tasting burgers I've ever had. The restaurant itself was quite busy. The food was decently priced, the drinks seemed over priced for their taste. Our waiter wasn't very attentive and spent most of his time chitchatting with people. We ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger and Crown burger. My husband liked it so much he ordered a second one, but it came out very undercooked. Overall, the food was great and this will definitely be a regular stop anytime I'm in Vegas.笑
Everything about this place is excellent. The food, the service and the atmosphere are all top notch. I had the Hell's Kitchen burger which was great. I would only recommend if you like hot/spicy things. There is a great drink selection as well. This is probably one of the least expensive meals on the strip with this level of value.笑
Are you in Vegas?  Do you like burgers?  GO HERE.  RUN.  There was always a line when we went... if you have more than two people you need to check in wtih the front desk. We waited about 25 minutes for a table for three.  Our service was great, he answered every question we had and was super knowledgable about the menu.  The food took a while, but that was a little expected since the place was packed.  

The burger I had was the best burger I have ever had in my entire life.  My friend also thought the same of her burger.  This was my first Gordon Ramsay experience, and now I want to do all the others just to see if the food is this good everywhere.笑
Came here for an early lunch because anytime is a good time for a burger. It was a our last day in Vegas after a long weekend we decided to give this place a go. With so many good reviews and being the burger lover that I am this place was on our list for Vegas Dinning. Being as we got here early we didnt wait too long to be seated. maybe 20 mins for a party of two. We sat ordered and our burger came about 30 minutes later. Sure this is a long time to wait for a burger but it was worth it. We both ordered the Hells kitchen  burger and my partner added a fried egg which he really enjoyed. Over all good experience only wish they offered regular ketchup as im not a huge fan of homemade ketchup concoctions. Try it, but dont come when your already starving.

Burger average 15.00
Fries 11.00笑
Helluva place. The service was amazing. Even after I screwed up my burger order, the staff moved to fix MY mistake like it was their own. I had the "Hells Kitchen" burger and it was awesome. Further more the truffle fries were amazing. My gf had the fish and chips which she loved. 
Again the service here was phenomenal and the food great. I would go back just for the truffle fries and friendly atmosphere.笑
Went here when I got my wisdom teeth pulled out and it was a great experience! Really enjoyed the cheeseburger I got from here and the Oreo milkshake, really made my day better! Service for superb and the food was awesome. Wish I didn't live so far, I'd come all the time!笑
My husband and I are not from Vegas and whenever we think of it our mouths water over the thought of Ramsay Burger's shakes. Whaaaat!!! You have not had a great great shake until you try these. 
In four days we can easily order 10 of them. They cost around $9 but it is totally worthy. Their creme brûlée one with either chocolate or cookies and cream ice cream OMG. I crave it all the time and I do not even have a sweet tooth. Also, forget about eating healthy, we are talking SHAKES. They are big and filling. They may take a bit to make but again, worth the wait.
The staff in the front is helpful, some more than others but the servers, the manager and the food make up for it. 
Cannot recommend it enough.笑
Great food, any burger can sub with chicken too. Truffle fries great an our waiter was very responsive. A bit of a wait so be prepared.笑
I binge watched kitchen nightmares for hours last year, this restaurant lives up to my standards and then some. Long wait, pricey food, but amazing food and huge burger. Very fancy Parmesan fries, a must buy. Servers are extremely nice, the menu is pretty good. The highlight was definitely the meat and cheese. The mozarella tasted like heaven and made me regret not getting a double cheese burger. I even got a hat.....I don't know why....笑
The restaurant is located in the Planet Hollywood hotel off of the Vegas strip. The restaurant is fairly easy to find since it is not fully enclosed. The exterior is decorated with a cool window displaying a fire design. 

The menu is built around gourmet burgers. I ordered the Forest burger and Parmesan truffle fries. The fries were crispy and seasoned well with the Parmesan and truffle oil. It is enough for two to share as a side. The burger marinated well with the combination of mushrooms and tremor cheese. J was skeptical of trying the duck bacon since I am not a huge fan of bacon in general, but it complimented the burger itself, which was a thick patty. It was also topped with arugula and the sesame seed bun was toasted to a perfection and not too thick as to take away from the toppings.

I would definitely return to try one of the other burger options. The price point is decent considering it is a well crafted burger that will make you full. The menu offers a handful of burgers, but unfortunately you cannot substitute other toppings free of charge.笑
I liked  my Lamb Burger.My dad ordwred fish and chips  and they were very ordinary. Nothing  special.I guess I was expecting  outstanding,when  it  comes  to Gordon Ramsey笑
Very delicious. 
Great service no wait to order. Had to wait about 15 mins for food to be made but duh it's made to order right there gourmet. 
Boyfriend said best onion rings he ever had but his burger was a little too cheesy ( ultimate cheese burger)
Mine (blue cheese) was very good. So much flavor. 
Drinks were a little pricey but super cute and delicious and strong. 
Always a server always by to help 
We left full and happy笑
The glass flame window is hard to miss upon entering Planet Hollywood. The menu design was also an interesting fold, simple and clean. 

I had the Hells Kitchen burger, as a spicy lover, it was amaaazing! It is worth the price, the meat was cooked to perfection, medium rare and delicious. You can taste the flavors of all that goes into this particular burger complementing itself, i did add a little of the truffle fries aoili dip and it was goood. The fries are enough to share for two, their drinks looked prety good as well, all 3 of my coworkers got something different and they mentioned it was also amazing. I will definitely be back. Heads up If you will be driving here, probably best to park in the mall.笑
Food  was AMAZING. But service was horrible. The manager greeted us which I thought was very cool.
But the front desk ladies, chatted amongst their selves while I stood there, and later after waiting over a half hour for my food... I saw a chef stand in front of me on his phone for like 15 minutes. What the hell? What kind of people  do you employ.?? Disgraceful. Great food doesn't excuse poor environment and staff. Wouldn't return, my time is exponentially more valuable.笑
Tourist trap!!  Waiter warned us it takes 35 minutes for the burger.  40 minutes later we got our food and no one in our party of 4 ordered a burger.  Food is just ok.笑
Great atmosphere, good service, and one of the best burgers I've ever had. We had to try a Gordon Ramsay restaurant while we were in town and opted for burgers for lunch. Not the most family friendly place so I wouldn't take little kids but older kids do just fine. The fries are excellent and two orders fed six in our group. Try the Hog Burger if your up for a challenge - think upscale Cheeseburger in Paradise.笑
Long wait-time for very slow service and an average burger makes this an over-rated, over-hyped tourist restaurant just to check off a celebrity owned Vegas restaurant. Biggest issue here is the service. Our 45-minute wait time on a Friday afternoon was expected, but it took 1 hr between ordering and our food to come out, and an addional 20 min to get the bill after requested. There are a ton of workers buzzing but hardly come around - even just to refill water, let alone order. Fries are thick-cut, and average. Burger was good....but worth $15...no, however they did cook it to a great medium-rare. Curried shrimp salad was big for $15 with lots of shrimp and spiced well.

Ordered
-Hell's Fire Burger
-Backyard Burger
-Curried Shrimp Salad笑
Well, we waited in line a long time for a good burger, but I certaintly won't eat here again. It was still just a burger. The fries and onion rings were different from the typical place and were far above average. I will say that the seats were surprisingly comfortable. Otherwise, it was louder and more crowded than I would like after sitting at casino tables all day. Our server was excellent and the other servers all helped each other out.笑
This place was good but didn't quite live up to the hype, I was told the high end beef burger they had in this week was one of if not the best burger they ever had. I expected it to be more like a steak burger but it was ground up beef. The fries we got with our order were 100% undercooked, if they were going for potatoes wedges they should have called them that. Worth a lunch but maybe not as hyped as it should be.笑
I'm never down to wait more than 30 minutes for food, so if you're impatient like me then SKIP the long line and order burgers to-go. 

Food-wise, the Hell's Kitchen burger definitely lives up to the name. I usually get the wheat bun along with a patty done medium well. The burger comes with huge pieces of avocado and jalapeño aioli, which comes as a surprising (but tasty) kick. Everything was cooked to perfection and the burger itself just effortlessly melts in your mouth. However, I'm not a huge fan of their fries. Think thick-cut steak fries on the soggier side with no seasoning at all. Not even a pinch of salt or pepper - lacking some love, I'd say. Plus the curry ketchup was very much an acquired taste. The flavors just didn't mix well at all in my opinion. Skip the fries, but the Hell's Kitchen burger is a must.笑
Don't waste your time or money. We waited for 40 minutes in line, then waited another 40 minutes for food!The $11 fries were not fresh, dry as if left under a heating lamp. The burgers were cooked unevenly. Three people ordered the same burger medium...one was dry, one was raw, and one was actually medium. Gorden Ramsey where are you?  I'd be ashamed to have my name attached to this place.笑
Oh boy the longest wait ever in the world! I guess that's to be expected from a celebrity chef restaurant.

I ordered the Patriot Burger, which was a turkey burger, smoked Gouda, spicy mayo, cherry compote(?) and crispy onions. DANG this burger was so good. I chose the turkey burger simply because it sounded healthier, but when I read all the dressings that came with it, it very quickly made my mouth water. And it did not disappoint. My friends ordered standard burgers like the kinds with eggs, avocado, or bacon. And they were upset. I mean, this is Gordon freaking Ramsay. You have a higher expectation!

But the Patriot Burger was amazingggg! 

Because of the celebrity chef owner, the line here is long. You can put your name down and they'll text you when your table is ready. This basically means you have time to gamble in the casino, or shop around in the stores nearby. 

Would I come back? Probably not, but if you find yourself dragged here get the Patriot Burger. It's the only one worth it on the menu.笑
We waited about 30 minutes for a table and it was worth every minute. 

I ordered the Hells' Kitchen Burger ($15.00) and my husband decided on the U.K. Burger. ($15.00) Both of these burgers hit it out of the park. They were amazing!! Cooked to perfection!! The Hells' Kitchen was prepared with asadero cheese, roasted jalapeños,fresh avocado, roasted tomatoes and jalapeño pesto aioli. The U.K. had dublinar cheese, major grey's chutney and arugula.  

We also tried an order of sweet potato fries. ($9.00) They were fresh and hot.笑
Daniel is awesome and the team is incredible.  Couldn't ask for a better experience!!!  Keep it up!!笑
All I can say is YUMMMM!! The service was beyond great, the food was amazzzzzzing! Im not a fan of sweet potatoes, but the sweet potato fries with powdered sugar is really good! This place is a must go when in vegas. It's kid friendly if you're with kids, which is a huge plus. The decor and atmosphere are also great. We'll definitely be back on our next trip to vegas.笑
This is one of the few 1 star reviews I'll ever give and I didn't even go to Gordon Ramsay Burger. This review is of the reservation system they have set up there. 

It all started with me calling them to make reservations about a month in advance for July 3rd. I wanted to reserve a dinner for my family of 15. Everything went fine until they emailed me. The email said that because we have a large group, it's a minimum of $95 a person and we have to pay an estimated down payment ahead of time. I thought they must be joking. How can you bill someone a meal BEFORE they even eat it? Probably the most absurd thing is that even though it's $95 a person, they sent me a list of set menus that had a couple of three course meals for $70-80 each. That means pay $1500 up front? That means that every person has to have a drink? Well, we have 5 children a couple of my family members that don't drink.

So when I tried to talk to the "Sales Manager" Heather, she just so happens to be on vacation for the week. As popular as the Gordon Ramsay name is, I can't believe this is how they function when someone tries to book a party ahead of time. There's no way I'm going to pay money ahead of time for food we haven't ate and I can't believe people actually would. Even though I expect great food and great service, it's a people's business and all it takes is one person to have a bad day to ruin our experience. How do you expect us to pay for that in advance?笑
Medium rare burgers came out well done. Brown in center and no juices. Tasted dry. Manager comped meal though as we had no time to wait for a remake. House made ketchup wasn't that great, watery. Where's the Heinz?笑
My Pick-up Request: After a long work day and several flight delays, we land in Vegas around 9 pm. We planned to pick-up the order and eat in our hotel room. 

Right when I got into the taxi, I called the restaurant and asked if I can place an order for pick-up. She said "no, you have to come in and order." When we arrived, we went straight to the restaurant to place the order. 

However, the hostess said that I cannot place and order. I had explained that I called 15 minutes ago and was informed that I could. The hostess continue to say that I can only place the order for take-out before 5pm. 

This was super frustrating! We were starving. So, we dropped off our stuff and ran down to wait in line for a sit-down meal. We waited in line for 30 minutes and ordered dinner around 11pm. We waited about 30 minutes for our burgers. 

We ordered truffle fries, forest burger and blue cheeseburger. Everything was tasty except the forest burger. The forest burger is bland. 

After the meal, I'm still annoyed about being misinformed.笑
The presentation of the establishment is nice, even if no thought about the environmental impact is taken into account with the 24 hours a day flames. The fries tasted stale, and the burger meat was a bit on the dry side.笑
I love coming here every time I'm in Vegas! 
Unfortunately, they changed their menu recently. 

I always get the Hells Kitchen Burger! It has a nice heat to it. I always have to share because their burgers are pretty big. 

Since they no longer have the gooey fries, I got the kettle chip nachos instead. They were a decent substitute, but still miss them! 

The fries are more like steak fries. They had the texture as if the fries have been sitting under a heat lamp. It was crispy but a strange crispy. 

Still coming back but I really wish thy bring back the gooey fries!笑
Unfortunately our experience was not a good one. We asked when we first were seated how long we should expect to be waiting for our food, because we are on a time crunch. The waitress said it takes about 25 minutes to have our burgers come out. We ordered, got our drinks and even got a refill on our drinks. Then almost 40 minutes later we are told by our waitress that our food will be right out. Guess what? Our food never showed up. The manager on duty, Zach, came over and was apologetic and helpful. He found out that our ticket wasn't ever put in. That is a damn shame. Zach then took our order and told us it would be out in a few minutes and on the house. He kept to his word, and our food came out within 5-7 minutes. The waitress came up to us and apologized and stated it was her fault and not the kitchen's. I appreciate her being forthcoming and all, but that didn't help that we were now running late because of this mess and still had not eaten lunch! I thought things were looking up, but then when our food came out my burger was f*cking well done!! I asked for medium. -- So to start out our waitress forgot to put our order in, then the kitchen messes up my order, and we are waiting over an hour. I didn't even finish the whole burger. The fries were over done;almost as if they had been sitting under a warmer for a period of time. So incredibly unimpressed.笑
Visited for lunch. Nice atmosphere, didn't have to wait. Ordered the chips with curry sauce to start. Chips were very crispy but great with the sauce, we really enjoyed them. We also ordered the bangers and mash and a burger with cheese, bacon and egg. We both enjoyed our meals and I would recommend this restaurant to others.笑
S-L-O-W. Took 15 minutes (maybe more) for a server to even say "hi" to us after being seated. No drink menu - server gives you an iPad and then stares you down to make a decision quickly. Servers all advise 45 minutes for a burger - they advised it was because burgers are "made to order" (hmm, I cook burgers for 10 minutes at home.) Ordered 1 burger, truffle fries, hummus and 2 drinks = $70 + tip Food was good but experience was disappointing.笑
This place has a huge waiting line, any time of the day! :)
For a large party of 6 people, there is a 2.5hour wait time, so plan accordingly.
Once we got our table the service was quick.

Oreo Creme Brulee milk shake is a not to miss dessert here!
Bluecheese burger is a must try.
I also liked Hell's kitchen burger and onion rings.
Chicken wings were decent.
Not a fan of fries here though.笑
Looks cool from the outside but extremely hyped up...
They made us wait 25 min for a table...
Once inside the waiter was off his rocker nutso and acted like he was drunk.
The food took 30 min to come and we ordered 8 burgers and 2 fries ...
We paid like 100$US for 2 burgers and 1 fries ..
Waste of money!!!笑
Went to make a to go order and the blonde blue eyed ostess working Wednesday the 14th at 5:30 claimed the food takes thirty minutes to make and when I inquired why she said "because that's how long it takes" with her snappy attitude instead of explaining that to go orders take longer or being nice about it. Idk if you guys take pride in having girls work there with nasty attitudes or what be nice you're in the food service industry I'm a paying customer :)笑
Unbelievably good... must try Hell Kitchen Burger, lots of favor in single burger... Truffle Fries is also good...笑
What can I say.. there are mortal burgers and there is hog !!! 
The chef takes us by hand into a mangalitsic triple delight. To start with, a moist succulent pork patty wrapped in bacon topped with slow smoked/ braised pork brisket with melted white cheddar sandwiched between toasted seeded buns. Cabbage tarragon mayo slaw coupled with crispy onions flavored with garlic, paprika, and cayenne as delectable toppings. Bread and butter pickles cutting through the saltiness of the bacon and sweetness of the brisket, completes the scrumptious package. Hog burger is definitely an ambrosial experience to relish in spite the long line to get in. 

Gordon Ramsay Burger at Planet Hollywood is an urban casual spot for a gourmet burger with ambiance mirroring the peppy energy of Vegas. 

Recommended, Cheers!!!!笑
We had a large party of 9 people and we were excited to eat at a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. We left our name with the hostess and were seated after an hour. Service was decent and friendly, but we did have to ask for water and condiments twice. We ordered a variety of burgers plus some side orders of fries (burgers are a la carte) and we all agreed that they were good, but nothing amazing. It wasn't worth the $24+ price tag. I ordered the Forest Burger which promised duck bacon and seasonal mushrooms and a side of Just Fries.The bun was nice and soft. The meat was cooked perfectly to order, but the it could have had more fat. The "seasonal" mushrooms were just criminis and shimejis which can be bought at many grocery stores. I was expecting something more exotic. The duck "bacon" was just a crispy piece of duck meat with barely any skin or fat. When you think bacon, you think a nice mix of meat and fat. The burger also had unmentioned goat cheese. I am not a big fan of goat cheese, but it worked with the burger because of the aforementioned lack of fat content.  The "fries" are thick cut British chips, not bad, but a little misleading. I can get a better quality and better priced burger back home in the San Francisco Bay Area.笑
A premium price for regular taste burger. Expect a long waiting time about 45 min and the service is slow about another 20 min. First and last time.笑
As far as Vegas food sites, there are more than someone could cover in a lifetime. This is my second visit in 5 years, and I will continue to come back.

Decor: They just finished up a rebuild, and it looks stunning. The same fireplace entrance is there to give people wanting selfies more than they could ask for. Comfortable seating and bar area. 

Service: It's a Gordon Ramsay restaurant, of course it was good. Just be nice and respectful to the servers and they will do the  same to you. I was a little off put when the hostess told me my party could be moved up if I gave her what everyone in Vegas wants...money.  

Food: The food has always been spot on. I had a burger with a specialty pork on it. It was super filling, I had to force the fries down too. I can't comment on the drinks, I don't drink alcohol anymore. 

Overall: This is a really nice place, great for tourists. It's expensive like all the food there, but worth the wait.笑
This place is OKAY. Got the crown burger ($15) our waiter asked how I want the meat to be and I wanted it medium well done. Once the burger arrived and I took a bite into it, the meat was soooooo dry. It was so hard for me to swallow it down. Like wtf I can make better burgers that has juice coming out when biting into it. Disappointed. The waiter was meh.. only came to our table 2-4 ish time? Parmesan truffle fries were aight.笑
Came here for dinner during our first night stay and I am in love with the Hog Burger. For someone who does not eat beef, this was the perfect burger anyone could ask for. It had a huge patty (see my pictures) and was filled with flavor. There was about an hour wait but luckily I was able to get seated within 5 minutes since I am a PLATNIUM member. GET PLATINUM PEOPLE, YOU SKIP LINES! The food took awhile to come since it was super busy. The Truffle Fries came first which were pretty tasty. I will definitely be coming back here again.笑
I had a farm burger with truffle fries. It was great for the price (very affordable burgers). Not incredibly memorable, but would come back over other local burger joints.

The atmosphere felt like a modern retro diner. I really liked the simplicity of the place despite it carrying the Gordon Ramsay name.笑
I am giving this four stars for the service. The food is not up to standard of the other Ramsey Gordon locations in our opinions.  It is good, but the sliders that we had were on the salty side, and the burgers that we had were not the best that we've ever had. I like the Gordon Ramsay pub burgers better.  The service however was first class, and everyone was more than welcoming.笑
Unreal! Wow! If you are craving a perfect burger unlike any other in texture and flavor, this is the spot. This experience was excellent from beginning to end. Friendly greeting at hostess stand as we awaited our table. Our server was prompt, informative and attentive. Top notch service with much consideration. 

Due to the volume of this establishment it takes 25-30 minutes to receive your burger of choice. Server recommended a starter since it is delivered quicker. The corned beef nachos served over hand cut potato chips were incredibly rich and delicious. 

Kale/Romaine Caesar salad was amazing! The dressing was the star of this beautiful salad. Let's just say I never felt like one could be addicted to a salad but this one will get ya!! 

The burger: OMGoodness! Unlike any other. It looks modest when it arrives but one bite and you know everything about it is special. We ordered the UK Burger, it is topped with Dubliner cheese, chutney and arugula on an absolutely perfect bun. The bun is topped with black and white sesame seeds and is pillowy yet hearty. The meat was so buttery and seasoned to perfection. You savor each and every bite and don't want it to end. It leaves you eager to try every burger on the menu. 

There is a wide variety of burger choices and many appetizers to choose from. Fries are a la carte. 

Even though the line can get long it is definitely worth the wait. If you are a burger lover or connoisseur  then it's worth the trip.笑
300th review!

UPDATE: I love how they "renovated" so they could start over on Yelp. {/end sarcasm mode}

TL;DR: Go to Bobby's Burger Palace if you feel you must eat a celebrichef burger while in Vegas. Half the price, better burgers, better service, little to no wait, no tipped employees.

Don't believe everything you see on TV! I'm so disillusioned. Gordon, you were my favorite celebri-chef. I forsook Anthony Bourdain for you! I have been following Gordon religiously and watching every show of his I could get my hands on ever since I discovered F Word and the original Kitchen Nightmares on BBC America 12 years ago. My husband and I have been quoting him for over a decade. I have even made Amy's Baking Co references in a Yelp review. But the food here was NOT "simple, fresh, and vibrant," as Gordon could often be heard barking at hapless failing restaurateurs.

The fries were hard and over-seasoned. The burgers, which we ordered blue rare, came out well done. Sending it back did not fix it (and I fear the saliva added by our disgruntled waiter did not improve the flavor either). They also tasted burnt and oversalted, and both burger and bun were dry and crumbly - the former because it was overcooked, the latter because it was old (tasted even older than the bread we used to throw away for being too stale at the bakery I worked at while putting myself through college). The shakes were too sweet to choke down more than a mouthful or two and had way too much crap going on. Not just the shakes, EVERYTHING down to the sauces was needlessly complicated: some additional flourish for the "coolness factor" or something, not actually contributing anything to the flavor, and often going one step beyond to actually detracting. The food was as gimmicky and smug about its cleverness as the name BURG(ordon)R(amsay). No hint of simplicity, freshness, or vibrance. Just over-complication, massive overcooking, and smugness.

We left 3/4 of our food untouched, which is like a 9th circle-level sin for us. The servers just cleared our plates without caring to ask if there was a reason we didn't eat very much of it.

So not worth the hype, the price, or the long wait.

If I were Gordon I would want to make sure that every restaurant that bore my name and likeness had service and food I was proud to put my name on, but I guess he would rather watch his bank account grow than work to protect the reputation he sweated blood for years to attain.

The only reason why I can't say this was the worst overpriced meal I've ever had is because BEAST exists.笑
I'll start by saying the food is good. The problem with Burger is that the service is sooooo bad and everything is so expensive. I understand Vegas isn't cheap but for what Burger is, it's a little expensive for how terrible the service is. After eating here twice, idk that we'll come back.

Explanation of bad service - The waitress we had was not a native English speaker and was very very difficult to understand. She also could not answer questions about the menu and told us she needed someone else to help. It slowed the whole meal down significantly. Once we had ordered she brought the food out, and it was not as it was explained on the menu, or by her, or by the server who helped explain it. Idk if it was a language barrier/miscommunication issue but I would like to be able to expect that I get what I ordered and not something else.笑
Service rapide dans un cadre très sympa. Les frites a la truffes sont à tomber par terre. Pour ce qui est des burgers ils étaient bons mais pas les meilleurs mangés笑
Lots of pretentious (yes, I said it) menu items and the burgers are really rich.  I had the blue cheese burger and the flavor blend was awesome - blue cheese, manchego, arugula, figgy jam, cider vinegar reduction and spicy mayo.  If I was hungrier I would have tried the giant cone of onion rings or the kettle chip nachos with corned beef, short rib and English cheddar sauce.  The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is the somewhat distracted service - don't rush me to order and then ignore me.笑
I went to this place because of the Gordon Ramsay name. I'm a big fan and the line is always long at this place. I have no complaints about the burger, it is good. However this place is pretty expensive. And keep in mind (atleast when I went there) the sides were not included so if you wanted fries you had to pay separate when most places included this in the price. The sweet potato fries though are great! My biggest disappointment was the desert (we got some sort of pudding) and it tasted just like a high school cafeterias pudding. Other than that I would give this place a shot and I like the design of it.笑
The food was great, truffle fries are surprisingly worth it. Often when a restaurant says truffle fries the taste difference is negligible but in this case, it was well worth it. I had the hell's kitchen burger. To preface, I do have a fairly high spice tolerance so the burger to me was just heated, nothing to freak out about, even though the server warned me I might want to have the ghost pepper cheese on the side. That being said, the burger was delicious, tasty, juicy, and held up to the last bite. We also tried the salmon toast, pesto mac and cheese and the hummus. All tasty. 

The service was great. Our server, Heather, was extremely friendly, kind and helpful. She did the most to accommodate our family and made us feel very welcome, from menu recommendations to accommodations for our picky eater. 

Would recommend. Great atmosphere and decorations.笑
I'm glad I stopped in but wouldn't go out of my way to do it again. Shared the forest burger and an order of truffle fries. Waiter asked if we wanted the fries as an appetizer. Seems like waiters might recommend that because it takes so damn long to get your food. I think we waited just shy of an hour for a gourmet burger and fries that were both mediocre in relation to price and wait time. The forest burger was nearly devoid of mushrooms (only two little morsels on each half) and the fries were kinda dried out steak fries and came with two sauces. The one sauce was a truffle aioli which was good and the other was a "ketchup" that I am pretty sure was house made and not very good. I could taste the worshi sauce and celery salt and other ingredients independently and it wasn't very well balanced. Heard management dealing with other customers regarding wait time and seemed very service oriented. Perhaps the wait time was a bit more than usual. I would recommend giving this place a try maybe during off hours in between lunch and dinner.笑
This place is OVERRATED.

Been here twice, I told my friends this place is overrated the second time I came but they insisted on coming.

I got the Backyard Burger, and to be honest this is just a burger like any other burgers. I would say a burger from Jack in the box taste as good as any burgers from this place.笑
Awesome burger. I had the Hell's Kitchen burger and the potato chip nachos. Also awesome. Definitely coming back to try the other burgers. Service was super fast. Very friendly server and she knew her stuff. Ashley was fantastic笑
I decided to bring my best friend to Gordon Ramsay Burger for her birthday! We always do the high end steak house type of thing but this time I wanted to switch things up. Gordon Ramsay is one of her favorite chefs and she loves burgers! So this place couldn't have been a better decision. I called in advance to try and make a reservation and was informed that they DO NOT accept reservations and it was a first come first serve type of situation. Yikes! Say what? Yeah I was bit nervous about this because being that we were going on a Saturday night I could only imagine how packed they were going to be! 

When we first arrived the line looked like people ready to get on a roller coaster at six flags. I just knew the wait was going to be 2hrs! To my surprise I saw a sign that read "For parties of 3 or more see host" That worked out for us because we had exactly 3 in our party! Score! Gave the hostess my number at was told we would be seated in about 45 minutes! Not bad at ALL! The Miracle Mile Shops are good to wonder around when you have a wait like this but we didn't even have to wait the full 45 minutes I got a text message saying our table was ready in about 30 minutes. Wining points already!

Once we were seated our hostess came right over and gave us a cool little introduction about the place and explained the menu. I appreciated her acknowledging my best friends birthday and made sure that we were brought something out in celebration for that. The cocktail menu is on an iPad which I don't know why I always think this is so cool! No drinks for us though we had plenty before at Fat Tuesdays and at this point starving was an understatement! 

Food:

Beer Battered Onion Rings- Parmigiano-reggiano, chipotle ketchup, cheddar ranch dip

Truffle Parmesan Fries

2 Farmhouse Burgers- Dublinar cheese, Mangalitsa bacon, fried egg

Backyard Burger- American cheese, butter lettuce, tomato,pickle, onion

Overall everything was fantastic! We really enjoyed ourselves and most important my best friend said that she was so excited to try this place. The service was top notch and the food came out exactly how we wanted. NO complaints just kudos and handclaps for Mr. Ramsay!笑
This was an amazing experience. The wings are incredible and I don't really eat wings often. I had the Hells Kitchen Burger. And the Jalopena Rita!笑
I used to love Burg(e)r but I'm disappointed in the recent menu changes. A few of my favorite items are gone but thankfully the Hell's Kitchen burger stayed. I tried the ale cheddar soup, which was just barely lukewarm so that was a little disappointing. Something was off with the staff tonight as well. Would've been 4 stars if my soup was warmer and the service a bit better. The seating process is also silly. If you're a party of q or 2, be prepared to stand in line for 30-45 minutes at dinner and larger parties be prepared to wait 2x that for a table. Why can't I just sign in, go gamble, and receive a text when my table is ready?笑
This restaurant is terrible value in my book.  The service is terribly slow.  We (party of two) waited ten minutes to be seated (not a big deal), then after we ordered our drinks (water) it took another ten minutes to get them and be able to put our order in (not a big deal).  Then, it took us almost an hour for us to get our food (very big deal).  The menu is essentially just burgers and fries (we ordered two burgers and one order of fries) which are two of the simplest and fast cooking meals one could order at a sit-down restaurant (an entire industry known for "fast food" is built around burgers and fries).  It should never take that long to serve these items.

Again, service was inattentive.  We tried the sauce that came with the fries and didn't like it so we waited at least five minutes for our server to walk by so we could ask for Ketchup.  She said sure and returned with a third cup/dish of the same sauce.  We both tried it and looked at each other in amazement.  We waited at least five more minutes to be able to ask if there was any real Ketchup.  We were advised that there was not.  This put us over the edge.  My girlfriend like simple burgers with Ketchup and I, having already started eating mine (we were starving when we sat down), felt like the burger was mediocre (not a difficult item to make tasty).  Additionally, the fries (more like potato wedges) were bland and mostly hard - a condition that would have been easily mitigated with some Ketchup.  We finished our burgers in extreme disappointment.

Upon finishing, it took another 5-10 minutes for our plates to be cleared and then another five or so for our check to come back.  After providing my credit card, it took 5-10 minutes for it to be picked up and several more to be brought back to sign.  Once I had the check signed, we waited for our server to return to ask for a box for the nearly untouched order of fries so we could take them home and eat after getting our hands on some Ketchup.  We waited at least five minutes.  She came back shortly with the box and we promptly left the table.

On my way out, I spoke with the/a manager and advised him that the operations of the restaurant are poor and need work.  I also strongly suggested that the restaurant, a "traditional American" burger joint offer real Ketchup to which he responded "that will never happen."  That doesn't bother me because I will never eat there again, but I think it highlights a major issue with the restaurant.  The restaurant is not focused on providing a premier dining experience for customers but is solely geared toward attracting people with the brand name.  As is evidenced by the restaurant name, and Gordon Ramsay's face all around the restaurant as if he is superhuman, this restaurant, and Gordon Ramsay, is the poster-child for arrogance.

This is an expensive burger-joint.  $15 for just a burger, with no slaw or fries included.  Burgers are an easy dish - creating your own doesn't make you special.  Fries are simple as well.  Homemade fries are great, and always a little unique.  But let's not pretend as through they are a specialty item.  And Ketchup.  Well, Ketchup has been around a long time and is an All-American condiment.  To suggest that Gordon Ramsay could create a house sauce that is so good that nobody would ever prefer real, traditional Ketchup...is insane.  To call the house sauce "Ketchup" is misleading.  Not to mention that the sauce is actually terrible.  It tastes nothing like Ketchup and, to us, resembled a smoky shrimp cocktail sauce.

All said, I could never recommend this place. Food is sub-par, service is poor, and customer satisfaction is not a priority.  Arrogance permeates the atmosphere as the restaurant relies on the brand name to lure customers to pay high prices for cheap food.

Note:  The couple sitting next to us left in disgust shortly after receiving their meals.  We were only able to infer that something was terribly wrong with the food.  Either a grossly undercooked burger, a hair or other item in the food, or...no Ketchup (I had seen her spreading a giant glob of sauce on her bun/burger shortly before the server was beckoned to her.  The woman asked that her plate be taken away and declined an offer for any substitute dish.  The man stopped eating and asked for the check.  The manager who I ultimately spoke with, brought the couple the check and made an apology.  Note, he still brought the check which the man paid (over $60).  This does not seem like a genuine apology nor does it indicate any acceptance of responsibility on behalf of the restaurant.笑
Husband went here last weekend on a business trip and hit the strip in search of a good burger. The burger was decent, not the best he's ever had but it was okay. He had set his expectations high being it was the "Godon Ramsay Burger" and it was meh...so so. Other thing that earned a 2 star rating was the payment error made by the server. My husband had to place the tip on his personal credit card because he can't tip with his business credit card. Though he asked the server 3 times, she still managed to put the entire bill $$$ on his personal card. Now I'm jumping through hoops with the bank to get the charge removed :(笑
Always wanted to try the burgers here, I mean cmon! It is Gordon Ramsay! The service was awesome, and food came out quick, unfortunately, the food did not wow'd me.  We had the following:

- Beer Battered Onion Rings - parmigiano-reggiano, chipotle ketchup, cheddar ranch dip - typical onion rings, nothing out of the ordinary or anything

- Mushroom Poutine - gravy, duck bacon, cheese curds, vinegar pickles - flavors were good, but a little too salty.  Since the mushroom was the medium for this dish, it did not mellow out the flavors well

- Truffle Parmesan Fries - your basic truffle parm fries

- Farmhouse Burger - dublinar cheese, mangalitsa bacon, fried egg - I was highly disappointed in the burger, the bread was amazingly cold and dry.. the works inside were good though..

Maybe I went on an off day?  Hopefully I did, I do want to give it another shot.笑
Delicious burgers at a reasonable price. I've never had such a delicious bun like this!笑
This place is sure popular at all times! We waited about an hour and a half to be seated. When we ate here in April (I know, super late review), they were in the process of switching over the menu so the server notified us of a back up in the kitchen and that the food could take up to 45 minutes to come out. Kind of annoying after having waited so long for a table, but whatever. The Tandoori Chicken burger was great. I really liked the vinaigrette. My husband got the U.K. Burger and really enjoyed it as well. We liked the food but felt it wasn't exactly worth the price or long wait. Overall, it's a yummy and trendy celebrity chef restaurant that you should at least try once!笑
This place is excellent for burgers for sure. I came here after looking at yelp reviews and I must say I am impressed. Good burgers, beers and fries. When I come back to vegas this will definitely be a place to come back to. Long lines but worth waiting for.笑
The hype is real folks, this place is awesome!!! Came here for dinner to fulfill my longtime desire to eat at a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. Add burgers to the mix and bam, paradise!

First off, the wait is a little disheartening. For a group of two, you wait in a line next to the hostess' booth until a table opens up. There were about 20 people and the wait was about 45 minutes long when I was there, but continued to grow and grow as the night went on. It sucks, but it's Vegas. Just suck it up!

After we were seated, I ordered the blue (yeah, not bleu) cheeseburger and a side of parmesan truffle fries. After about a 20 minute wait, it came out and it was phenomenal. The burger wasn't the absolute best I've ever had, but it was damn good!!! Definitely a top contender. It was very well put together, it wasn't sloppy, it was perfectly cooked, and a great great burger. Perfectly moist. So good. Next, the fries. Holy cow, the fries were freakin' amazing. The fries were the best I've ever eaten. Simply perfection!

Very good restaurant. A few cons, but the pros greatly outweigh them. I would come back over and over again!笑
** Good but I'm not sure it's worth $25 and the line!**

Happened across this new burger place located in planet Hollywood. There was a line and someone told us the the wait was 2 hours or 2 people. 

We decided to order take out at the front corner and wander around the Casino while we waited  1 hour...  for a burger (yikes)

They have a lobster burger which was intriguing but we ordered the steak cut Truffle fries ($11 amazing) and 2 burgers: Hell's Kitchen (most popular) with jalapeños  and the Patriot (Turkey burger with shoestring frites and cherry compote) 

Total cost was around $48 or $25 each ( we shared fries). Serving size is reasonable. all in all a good burger but Vegas is  overpriced, he's a world renown chef, and I'm sure I won't return - there's too many options笑
The burger was good, but nothing to write home about. Gourmet burger places are pretty popular now and I don't think this one offered anything outstanding compared to others. Parmesan truffle fries were very good, but we waited 40 minutes (after the fries arrived) for our burgers. They told us shift change was happening - at 7pm on Friday!? Not a good idea. Also, best to come here if you have a group of 4 or less.笑
Everything was uniquely delicious and put together. I had the Lobster and shrimp burger with a spicy margarita. My hubby had the "Hog Burger" and we shared the Parmesan onion rings which were fried to perfection. I'm picky about shrimp and was so happy that it was not a lot of filling in my lobster and shrimp patty.笑
I visited here on 7/9/17 during lunch. Our server was friendly and efficient (don't recall her name) and the place is very modern and cool. The flames in the glass wall leading inside were a really nice/different touch. All the food my friends and I ordered tasted great but there was one major snafu! When one of my friends took the first bite of his Portobello mushroom burger, a LONG BLACK FABRIC STRING CAME OUT THAT HAD BEEN COOKED INTO THE BURGER! WTF?!!! We called our server over asap and she apologized profusely stating that the string was probably from the towels used in the kitchen to handle hot plates. But still - gross! If Gordon himself had been there that day to see that, he would have cussed someone out royally! She took the burger away and ordered my friend a fresh one. Then the manager came over and apologized and comped our bill for that order. A new burger came out perfect and we enjoyed the rest of our meal. But that incident definitely tarnished my opinion of this place. It was our first time here and other than that, everything else was on point. There was only about a 5 minute wait time too. My cheeseburger with several different British cheeses was delish as were the onion rings we shared, Cheddar soup, and truffle fries with chipotle ketchup and cheddar ranch. All-in-all and despite the "string incident", I would give it another chance and I plan to soon!笑
i'm not that much of a burger junkie, but i really enjoyed my farm burger here! the patty was a blend of chuck, brisket and short rib, topped with strips of fatty duck bacon. the fried egg sat on top of a melted slice of sharp cheddar cheese, which somehow helped cut the greasiness of everything that was going on in this burger.

however, it took a freakin' long time for the food to come out. this place will teach you what being hangry is.笑
I ordered a rare burger, thinking that I was at a ramsay restaurant it would be perfect. It took an hour and came out well done. I was very disappointed and my time was wasted.笑
We waited almost an Hour to be seated, after which it took an even longer time to get our food. --minus 1 star
A menu was present near the initial line so we were able to decide our food even before we reached the table. 
The FARMHOUSE BURGER was great, though the fried egg could have been a little more runny. The proteins blended together to create a very satisfying taste.
The HELL's KITCHEN BURGER was super delicious yet not too heavy midst all that goodness! (Avocado + jalapeños are a great combo) 

Both burgers were worth the wait. But not sure I'd come again on a short visit- the entire experience takes up A LOT of time. (Could be due to the popularity and its Vegas after all!)笑
so this restaurant was on my to-do list since it opened. i finally had the honor to eat here (huge gordon ramsay fan) so let me detail was wonderful experience here...

we got in line at around 8. there is two lines for big parties and smaller parties. i believe if you are more than 4 then you go into a separate line. the bigger line seemed to go faster just because there were so many small parties of 2 and 4 that they had to wait for other tables to finish first. we waited about 30 min which is not bad at all.

once we got in it was so classy so you def pay for what you get! we got a booth table and wow the set up was beautiful and they even give you menus with his face on it and you get to keep it as a souvenir!! which i def did!!

even as you sit and wait for your food they come over and snap some pictures for you to possibly purchase.

the wait was a little long but they let us know just because they do make the burgers from scratch. they did bring our fries out earlier - i just wish the burgers were a little faster so i could eat it with the fries.


so to the most important thing: THE FOOD!!!

-just fries ($8) - literally just fries; not amazing but they were thick cut and the sauces weren't anything special.
-truffle parmesan fries ($11) - just get the regular fries. again, fries were nothing special.
-farmhouse burger ($15) - THE REASON FOR THE 5 STARS. THE BURGER WAS AMAZING. highly recommend and all my friends were happy with their other burger choices.

OVERALL: i would come again but JUST order a burger and no fries. id love to come back and tries the other sides. trust, the burger is worth the wait.笑
The burger was good except for the amount Gordon Ramsey gets mad on his show, I'm surprised his workers don't know what a ripped avacado is. Our burger had a hard avacado on it.笑
Oh what's the big fuss about..it's the guy we always see on TV -  Gordon. It's just a another burger joint. Lol. But after the first bite of my Crown Burger, I'm sold!  Very juicy and tender and full of flavor. Will definitely come back again, but beware there maybe a 30 min wait..just go relax and grab a drink by the nearby bars.笑
Amazingly good burgers for a very decent price! The burgers are perfect, the paddies great. And the combinations are great! Have tasted the hells kitchen and blue cheese burgers. Both were really tasty. Also good service.笑
Gordon Ramsay is my idol and his creations are perfection. I love the truffle fries and I got the house burger. Both items were perfect, the first bite got my mouth dancing! The environment was really cool too!笑
Every year, we travel here (atleast twice/three times a year) for the Gooey Fries

I'm sad and probably not coming back because of the discontinuation of the Gooey Fries.笑
The food was DELICIOUS!!!! My burger was as juicy as ever and full of flavor. And our server, his customer service was 1st class. I am happy to say I look forward to coming to Vegas more often and definitely will be eating here again. @gordonramsay my friend says these burgers were made with a lot of cuss words  YOU'RE THE BEST GORDON RAMSAY!!!笑
Huge GR fan , I love that man ! So of course  I had to try this place out . Being my first time here I had to order a little of everything   and it was definitely  worth it . Once seated service was great  and our waiter made awesome recommendations.  Once we got our food .. AMAZING .... jalapeño poppers ...awesome ...gooey fries...delicious!I'm not a big duck fan but it was simply amazing ...we also had the  truffle fries ...which were cooked to perfection with amazing dip...ONLY one thing ...I sent my burger back because I did order my burger medium well and it was a little over well done ..nonetheless they redeemed themselves with a Hell's Kitchen  burger cooked to perfection. Of course I'll be back because I LOVE GR!笑
Same location as the previous "BURGR" in Planet Hollywood but changed a little bit and is now "Gordon Ramsay Burger". The menu added/removed some items and the restaurant has a more UK theme now. I tried the Crown Burger which was not on the previous BURGR menu, and it came with aged mimolette cheese, arugula, fine herb aioli, and sun dried tomatoes. The meat was cooked perfectly medium, and it was juicy and seasoned well. The mimolette cheese resembled almost a sharp cheddar to me and added a nice savoriness to the burger, but it wasn't overly salty due to the bitterness of the arugula and sweetness of the sun dried tomatoes. The aioli wasn't overpowering and complimented the other flavors of the burger, I'd order it again! Truffle fries are a must when I come here, and the truffle dipping sauce is soo good. It did take a little while for the food to come out but it's worth the wait. Definitely one of my favorite places to eat in Vegas and it's affordable/not outrageously priced.笑
Ramsay restaurant is worthy of being in kitchen nightmare. to start the staff on Monday night 4/17/17 seemed to hate their job. me and gf order. she orders the ahi sliders  ( she didn't want a regular burger. ) I order the hells kitchen burger. and we share fries. 
the water is nasty.. 
the ahi sliders arrive about 10 minutes before my Burger. I get it's an appetizers but, the server could have realized that was my gf main course. when the burger comes they bring another plate of ahi sliders. I think "oh cool they realized what they did and are giving us another order of sliders" the server realized they already brought them and decided to take them back. I asked if she could just leave them with us since they are already made. she said no. I guess they are selling to let them sit until someone else orders them.
1 stars since the actual burger I got was great. 

now the worst of all things. the 8 dollar fries " just fries" they were the most stale fries I've ever paid for. they were cold and hard to bite. I'm not picky at all when it comes to fries and was hungry. but, I just couldn't eat them..i tried..  no one ever asked how was everything so I didn't complain.笑
Gordon Ramsay babe I love you so much. You just know how to make my day. The only negative thing I can say about this place is that I have nothing negative to say. I've had some good burgers which is the ones I make, but this burger was like a golden burger from heaven, I had to pinch myself to make sure I wasn't dreaming. Gordon marry me please!笑
Service was terrible! We were seated at the empty chefs' counter, put in our order, and subsequently the seats next to us were filled by two other pairs. Both of the other parties got their drinks and fries before us and eventually I ask if we can have our fries. We can see that dozens of fries have been prepared and gone out..... the waitress says yes, but the fries don't show up. Had to ask again. Burger comes out and it's ok. Not as good as previous times. Pretty disappointed.笑
Really good food but the front service wasn't as expected. We were a group of 4 and made us wait until our group was complete to be seated but they gave a table to a group of 6 that was after us and was incomplete too.笑
Great service and awesome food. I had the Farmhouse Burger, fries, and onion rings. The ketchup was so good. Everything was delicious. Even the desserts!!!笑
I really want to give this place high marks, because the food was fantastic. The foie gras burger was definitely the best burger I've ever eaten, but there were two things that bugged me about my visit. The glass that my beer was served in was not very clean, and had visible food residue from the previous customer on it. I'm pretty sure I got sick from it, and looking back I should have asked for a new glass, but it was pretty hard to get a hold of our waiter. Speaking of which, it took nearly 20 minutes for our waiter to come collect our bill. It was a busy day, but I feel like a restaurant with a high-profile name like Gordon Ramsay on the front should be able to handle a full load of customers with little to no difficulty. 

Overall I was satisfied with the food, but the service and cleanliness could definitely be improved upon.笑
A must if your in Vegas. Burgers are amazing. Try the F word burger. I would skip the fries or share them.笑
First the burger WAS GREAT! Can't argue that. But after all it is a $15 burger, it had better be, lol. The reason for the 3 star rating was the way they pile up extra charges without letting you know.  After my kids ordered their plain ole hamburgers the witness asked if they wanted mushroom or bacon. They, being kids said, "ok".......They don't tell you that that added $16 to the bill by doing that. Actually they way she mentioned it I too assumed it was part of the meal, she never said that it was extra, but then again I live in Vegas and know how they underhandedly gouge visitors. Shameful. Gordon, you don't need the money that bad.笑
I ordered the Forest burger and it was so good! The burgers don't come with fries, you have to order them separately. The parmesan fries were also good! Definitely recommend this place.笑
If the food weren't so amazingly incredible and the staff so wonderful, I'd take a star away because waiting next to the fire wall for 20 mins when you've been out in the 114° heat of Las Vegas is kind of frustrating. But geeze the food is amazing!!!笑
Been here a couple times and it doesn't disappoint.  The burgers are cooked perfectly.  Love the truffle fries!笑
The best burger Ever!
There was a bit of a lineup, but patience really paid. They were kind enough to offer to text us when our table was ready, so we didn't to have to wait in line when so much can be done around!
They have a very decent wine list by the glass. The ingredients are superb, and the taste combination, truly awesome! The Hog burger was absolutely perfect, as were the other burgers chosen by my companions. They also offer a few appetizer options, but you really ought to go there for the burgers!笑
Pros:
-Farmhouse burger was cooked a perfect medium as ordered. Tasted so great.
-Others in my party ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger and they loved it.
-Great service with a very knowledgeable staff. 
-Fries and added sauces were great.
-For Vegas, I think it was priced right.

Cons:
-None笑
Im a huge fan of Gordon Ramsay, so I had to try this place. I had a plane to catch an hour later so I took it to go, I think the experience inside would've been better. They took about 45 minutes that day when promised around 30 minutes for a to go order (anxiety)! Regardless they were nice and didn't seem bothered when we kept checking in on them. 

The burgers were about $15 a pop, which isn't too bad, I've seen worse! I got the hell's burger. Medium well, my friend got it well done and it was very dry! It was tasty! Had all the right things inside for my liking! 

The truffle fries and sauce they used on them were amazing, get those with extra sauce! 

This place was good, I would definitely go back and try out some other things the next time I'm in Vegas!笑
Was in Vegas for the weekend of 6/30 to 7/2, we stayed at Planet Hollywood and this restaurant is conveniently located in the hotel. When you check in you give them your phone number and they text you when your table is ready. Which is a really nice feature because you can walk around the casino or even go back up to your room if you are staying there. 
The food was delicious! I had the ultimate cheeseburger since I am a big fan of cheese, it did not disappoint really juicy and the cheese is fantastic.  We shared the truffle fries and onion rings. Personally, I liked the onion rings better, they were light and not oily. The sauces they give you are also very good. Both of my sisters really enjoyed their burgers, one is vegetarian and got the portobello mushroom burger she loved it and it did look very tasty, the other one got the blue cheeseburger she was very satisfied with the burger. All in all we all really enjoyed our food and would definalty come back next time we are in Vegas.笑
It's Gordon Ramsey so I figured it would be good, it exceeded my expectations. Truffle fries are a must, you won't regret it! Burger had great flavor, juicy and filling.笑
We ate here tonight and was super disappointed. I asked for a burger med/well but more on the well side and it came out bright red. The waiter tried to argue with me that it was med/well when a friend next to me had a med/well with barely any pink. I'm pregnant so it is a big deal. Then it took FOREVER to get my new burger. Two friends finished their food and another waited to eat with me so hers was cold. Worst meal experience in a long time. Only reason I gave two stars instead of one is due to the fact their truffle fries were really good. Ps the burgers themselves aren't even very good.笑
The wait is long, but it's worth it if you have your heart set on it.

I'm not the biggest burger fan, but the patty was thick and juicy at medium-doneness without turning the bun into a hemoglobin sponge. I got the forester which has truffled goat cheese and duck bacon. There was plenty of truffle flavor, but the duck bacon wasn't anything memorable. It wasn't the best burger I've had, but it was still top notch.

My favorite part of the meal was the appetizers. The kettle chip nachos taste like an upgraded version of something you might find at the Tilted Kilt. They were good, but the hell fire wings were better. They're cut so that they're easier to eat, and they're fried perfectly so that the skin is crispy while leaving the meat moist. The buffalo sauce is not too hot and slightly sweet, but it's more like a glaze such that it doesn't ruin the crispy texture. Finally, they're topped with some blue cheese. I loved them. Still, my favorite dish was the truffle fries, and that's solely because of the truffle aoli. The truffle scent from the aoli dominates the atmosphere no matter what else you have on your table. It looks thick and heavy, but it instantly melts into a rich cloud of truffle flavor once it's in your mouth. I could've stuck my straw in the sauce cup.

Finally, that oreo creme brulee shake is great if you like rich desserts. The creme brulee pudding layer is very sweet and heavy, and the oreo milk shake layer is runny with no iciness. Getting a little bit of both in each sip is key.

While Gordon's was great, I don't feel right giving it 5 stars when comparing it to other world class burger joints. For example, I still think Chicago's Au Cheval has a much better burger. Still, it's worth a visit if you're in the area.笑
Foods was good, but one of the worker in here ignored us   
My friend and I think she ignored because we are Asian HaHaHa. But everything was good笑
Well worth the extra cost related to the name of the Chef. Truffle fries are legit, my son said the sweet potato fries w/lemon infused powdered sugar are the best ever. Waitress was super knowledgeable & helpful for us. Oh yeah, the best Onion Rings ever!!!!!笑
My boyfriend and I came here for a late lunch so we only waited 20 minutes for a table. The service was okay, and the food was decent but it definitely is not worth waiting for 1 hour+. The prices are reasonably priced but it's not worth the hype. We probably wouldn't come back next time.笑
Fantastic burgers. Time to try the lobster and shrimp sandwich and creme brûlée shake.笑
The last time I was in Vegas, there was a HUGE line so we called in ahead of time for reservations. Unfortunately, this place doesn't take reservations.

Luckily, our party of 4 got there pretty early so we were able to get a table almost right away. Our hostess recommended the Hells Kitchen Burger, which I was planning on getting anyway because DUHHH! Gordon Ramsay! My bf got the Forest Burger for the mushrooms. We also ordered the garlic fries and poutine. 

The Hells Kitchen Burger was AMAZING! Cooked to a perfect medium and full of flavor! My bf's Forest Burger was really good too, but I still prefer the Hells Kitchen Burger. The fries and poutine were also very good. The burgers were a good size. With the fries, we were too full to finish everything and took half the burgers and fries to go. 

I would definitely return here for a casual lunch on my next Vegas trip!笑
Here is my review Chef Ramsay.... I did go to you LV site to have a burger and maybe if I would have followed my own advice I may have had a pleasant experience however I ordered the lobster shrimp burger... Hugh mistake on my part. Lobster and Shrimp are so delicate you have to beware of over seasoning them this location or this chef was not... I wasn't sure if I was eating seafood or sausage the consistency and flavor were that bad, it was unrecognizable, If it was truly Lobster and Shrimp it was over cooked to rubber consistency .... I was very disappointed笑
I had high hopes for this restaurant that were quickly dashed by the slightly above average burger joint that is Gordon Ramsay Burger. We got into the restaurant very quickly and actually got to sit in front of the kitchen and see the food prepared. However, our order took 45 minutes to cook all the while several people came and got their food quicker than us even though they ordered later. I got the barnyard burger which was rather bland and mediocre in general. I also got the Parmesan fries; they were much like the restaurant: high hopes quickly dashed by an average product. In the end I would like to give them another chance but I am certainly going to give preference to other restaurants in the area first.笑
Super tasty burgers! Didn't know how big the side of fries were so I didn't end up finishing it. Only reason why I'm giving it 3 stars instead of 5 was because our waiter sucked!! His name was Chase and he seemed to be in another world or just purposely ignored us the whole time. He would help all the tables around us but he wouldn't help us. After we got our food he did not come once to ask if we needed anything. We waited sooo long to get our check even after another waiter told him we were asking for it!! It was ridiculous. Other than that the food was great.笑
Had the U.K. Burger for lunch and it was quite delicious. The bun was grilled and had a crispy bottom which is typical of Gordon. 

Also had the sweet potato fries which came out before the burger. Came with powered sugar and an aioli sauce and they were incredible. Paired with a beer will set you back about $35. Sat at the bar - overall a great experience.笑
Amazing got the F burger you have to ask for it, it's not on the menu 

Get the Hell's Kitchen!!!

If you have a hard time to figure out what to get just ask them it's pretty good all around笑
what's not to love here. the food is simply amazing the atmosphere is great and the staff is super friendly. i order the Hell's Kitchen burger and it was super delicious as well as the truffle fries. 
the wait time for our food was just a little too long but i don't usually care for that. 
great job and will be coming back to this place whenever i'm around Vegas!!笑
Hands down the best burger out there. It must be something with the meat they use I don't know. I come here every time I go to Vegas usually two times per visit. Get the Euro burger. I fucks with it. Also all of there fry options are amazing.笑
Perfect Burger is Ramsay burger. Nice interior with fire and it looks modern and it's just a burger place shouldn't expect anything else. We tried Tandoori Chicken Burger and Lobster & shrimp burger. Lobster & Shrimp which is a specialty burger which is worth 25$ too pricey but worth the penny. They don't serve any fries with the burger. I tried onion rings they were a bit salty. The tandoori burger was good they made the filling paneer or tofu, cucumber, and some lettuce. Pretty good place to try on the strip.笑
Great environment, good food, poor service.

If you're in a party of 4 or more, you can skip the line and go straight to the front to give them your name and number. They'll text you once your table's ready. When my party of 5 came on a Sunday, we checked in at 1:30pm and our table was ready at 2:15pm. By the time we sat down, our waitress - who seemed very unenthusiastic for having to work that day I might add - said the burgers would take half an hour to make. HALF AN HOUR! Our appetizers came out within 15min but our burgers actually didn't come out for another 45min. Imagine how hangry we were.

The Onion Rings and Truffle Fries are great to share with a group of people. The dips that each come with add a lot more flavor. They were both good but not great, I've definitely had better for less.

Forest Burger (mushrooms, arugula, duck bacon) - I loved the combination and it sure was tasty. I was intrigued when I saw the duck bacon but wasn't a fan when I actually tried it. There was no duck flavor and it tasted essentially like salty dried meat. Normal bacon would've made it better. However, the beef patty was delicious - probably the best I've had.

Farmhouse Burger (bacon, fried egg) - I personally liked the Forest Burger better but the 3 others I came with preferred this burger. They used normal bacon here which was a plus. 

Bottomline: The food is good, but for a Gordon Ramsay restaurant, I expected more... and better service.笑
The service was very slow. It toke almost an hour to get our burgers. 
Also it wasn't that tasty笑
This was my second visit here, so it's not like it is terrible. The burgers are fine. Because of the price and the hype, I expected them to blow my mind, but they are just ok. This time, we were there on a Tuesday afternoon, so it wasn't crowded, and yet the service was still slow. I think the part that got me was that when I flagged down a waiter from another table to point out the cockroach skittering across the floor, he didn't even speak to me; he just scooped it up in a napkin and went back to laughing with his waiter-buddy. I would have thought a comment "oh dear" or brief apology would have been in order. I definitely get a "we don't care; we don't have to" vibe from this place. Overall: Meh.笑
This is probably the best tasting burger, but considered  the time to prepare the food and the price I give it 3 stars. The service was excellent, waitress are very polite and friendly, one of them even show us her son video. From the time we sit down and ordered our food, took about 36 minutes, 2 Hells Kitchen burger, fries, and a soup. Drink are coming right away though, water and couple of glass of angry orchard. Total bill is $71. By the time the food came out we kinda tired and lost our appetite a little.笑
The food was amazing and the staff rocks . Sosa was very nice and sincere he made us feel very welcome even though we could see him running around like crazy from behind the counter. I will definitely be coming here again!笑
Best burger I have ever tasted. I had the hog burger. Not a burger fan by the way, however i got dragged into this place by the best in who just had to have a burger笑
The name alone attracts most tourists (I really wanted to bump into Gordon Ramsay and have him yell at me for my lack of cooking skills), but the food will not let you down.

The menu describes every burger down to the T, so if you like your burger a certain way or enjoy the creativity the choices offer, then definitely go with your instincts and let your stomach order. The burgers are huge and the fries are as well so you can always share with a friend if you need to. I will say though, be careful of the truffle fries... the taste is really strong!笑
What I ordered was only worth 2 stars.. I'm sure the other burgers might be good. The truffle fries was not good, and the lobster & shrimp burger wasn't either. I didn't taste any lobster.. i'm vietnamese and while eating the burger all I could think about is fish cakes my parents make. That's what resemble the patty's taste to me.. 5 of my other family members also got the lobster and shrimp burger. They didn't like it, but I think the other 6 enjoyed their beef patty burgers. Next time I'll know not to get a seafood patty for a burger lol笑
I hate leaving three stars as I am a huge Hell's Kitchen fan. The stars were how long it took to get our food by the time we sat down and hardly any alcohol in our drinks.We sat down at 7:00pm April 26th and received our food at 7:55pm. I ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger. The flavors were there but mostly bun needed more meat. My mom order a burger with mushrooms and she loved it. The truffle fries were greasy and not my favorite truffle fries. They were on the thick side and just absorbed all the grease. The flavors were there, I think the
fries sat too long before coming to our table. I and my mom ordered two cocktails(cannot remember the exact name) pineapple juice, rum and midori sour. What the cocktails were lacking was a balance between alcohol and juice. We paid $12.00 each for nothing but Juice. I already sent one drink back the Moscow Mule because it tasted like medicine. I  had drinks at Gordon Ramsay Steakhouse and I was hoping the same quality. I have ate at all of the LV Gordon's Ramsay restaurants and this will be my last visit here. I did take the survey at the table and when asked to speak with a manager I opted out. The reason I was so irritated with how long it took to get our food that I just wanted to leave.笑
Front of the line access for Diamond Members. Very friendly staff.  This was one of many restaurants I wanted to try when in Vegas.   I was lucky to be there during the week.  Ordered the Ahi Sliders, Truffle Fries and Cheeseburger.
We were informed the burger would take about 30 minutes, but it was so worth the wait.
Fries came out fast and so did the Ahi Sliders.
Food was so delish.....笑
This is because of the incompetence of being able to seat us with the most dumb system ever. Waited over an hour and thirty min for a tuesday lunch. Not worth the wait after getting the food. Use your own system of vibrators than a cell phone text. Thought this would have been thought of by now.笑
You have no idea how much it PAINS me to give a restaurant named after the man himself anything less than a perfect score. Anyone who knows me knows that I have a strange yet justified obsession with all things Gordon Ramsey. That being said, my visit here was just not great. My friend and I sat at the bar because they said it would be a long wait and we just wanted to split a burger and truffle fries. The bartender told us the burger would take roughly 30 mins and I wasn't terribly upset about it because come on... perfection takes time lol in actuality the burger didn't come for an hour. And that was annoying because it was getting late and an hour to make a burger is kinda ridiculous lol


The burger itself was cold, very salty and kind of fell apart as you tried to eat it. The bartender was not attentive to us at all. After she took our order we didn't see her again. She spent most of the time talking to a friend.  In fact, when we finished a separate waiter saw us sitting there waiting and took our plates.

The only saving grace were the truffle fries but they are pricy. 

Overall I wouldn't return if I visit Vegas again. Prices were too high for the product and the service during this visit wasn't great. 


Still love Gordon though笑
Holy shit Ramsey! Your food awesome! I love your youtube channel. I have learned so much. But your greeting staff is absolutely fucking terrible!! I have always loved you proficiency, this is not what I accepted from you professional standards. They told us 30min we waited 55min and there where 10 tables open. We were only a part of 2 and 4 parties of 8-12 went before us. What the fuck happened. Sort this out! Horrible just horrible! Rude staff that didn't give to cents about the eager paying customers. Please come down and whip some ass. Turn over the greeting staff ASAP!笑
HUGE disappointment!  Come on, GR!  You may want to come check on this restaurant of yours.....  Server Ryan- rude.  Food- eh.  Would I return?  Probably not.  Mentioned to my Uber driver that we had been there and she said it's a common thing to hear her riders say they were disappointed with their experience.  I will say though,  the glass fire wall was super cool!笑
I'm (pretty much) obsessed with Gordon Ramsay so I was ecstatic to be in Vegas with a chance to dine at one of his restaurants. Steak was out of price range (poverty college student) so burgers it was. 

Ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger ($15) and truffle fries ($11) to share. The burger was delicious, with a nice kick of heat. Perfectly cooked. The truffle fries were okay - the parmesan was a little overpowering and seemed to absorb much of the truffle oil. 

The place is located in Planet Hollywood. It's got a very modern posh look. We came at 11:30am on a Tuesday and had no wait for food...unfortunately after ordering, our food took at least 30 minutes to come out! Luckily I was in good company so there was plenty to talk about but it really was a long time for burgers and fries. Service was just okay, as the server only came by once early on in our wait. The server was knowledgeable about the menu but really didn't display much interest in us after we ordered. The place also doesn't take reservations, so  it can get crowded at peak hours.

Bottom line: It's as tasty as you'd expect from a Gordon Ramsay restaurant. A little pricey but it's Vegas and it does have the Ramsay name. Prepare for a length wait for the food, sadly.

Anecdote: The table of four next to us also had a long wait for their food, so much so that the manager came out to talk to them. They waited for over 25 minutes, which apparently is the policy there. We definitely waited just as long, but no manager came to talk to us - probably because we are potatoes. Sad.笑
I'm not a big Gordon Ramsey fan because I think he's mean..LOL.  However, my fiance is a huge fan and had to have something from one of his restaurants while we visited Vegas this past Dec.  So we tried his burger spot.  It was the best burger that I have ever had..literally.  We didn't dine in, my fiance got it to go, so even with that said (note, I like my food piping hot) it was such a flavorful burger.  I can't tell you the exact names of the burgers we had, but we both had something different, and felt the exact same..best burger ever.  So bottom line it's not even what you get, the quality of beef used and the execution of your burger will always be on point.  We are definitely going to make a return visit the next time we are in Vegas and we'll dine in.笑
Too expensive for the quality. I'm speaking about the burger I had. The wings were pretty good, but I expected a better experience with my burger.笑
The restaurant itself is cool. Lots of things to look at and TVs if there are any sporting events.

The service, especially the waitress was extremely friendly and helpful. We always had full drinks and everything we asked for very promptly.

I unfortunately was not impressed with the burger; which is strange considering this is place is famous for their burgers. My wife however really liked her burger so perhaps it was just bad luck on my part.

Overall; I would recommend this place for a quick and reasonably priced meal.

Reply to Nicole:
My burger was just overcooked, twice. I requested medium and it was well done both times.笑
First, you give the hostess your number and they will text you when you're up. You have 10 minutes to get back. Great idea!

I got a turkey burger with fries and onion rings. 
Burger patty was delicious but the bread was so forgettable. The patty itself had that smoky over flames on the grill flavor and was quite moist. Fries were subpar; I've definitely had better. 
Onion rings were a dream. They are thick, juicy, flavorful, and addicting. Covered in parmesan cheese, I couldn't get enough. The ranch was amazing too as it is made with little bits of cheese that compliment the onion rings perfectly. 
Service was good. Our waiter actually suggested that instead of us each getting our own fries, we share as there quite large. He was right. Thanks for the tip!笑
So, I totally love this place. Been here three times and will continue to come back when I'm in Vegas. 

I reviewed GR Burgr when it was at the "other location" but it was lost on yelp due to the alleged relocation. However, the restaurant never moved, maybe they redecorated, but it's still at the same spot in the Planet Hollywood resort right off the strip. 

Parking is a B! The PH parking is in the back of the resort and the attached miracle mile mall. It's a true workout to walk from the parking garage to the restaurant so you'll be good to chow down when you get there. 

We ordered four burgers and three sides and three drinks bill was $126. Well worth the price. The burgers are always juicy and delicious. There are a bunch of different topping combinations on the menu to chose from. 

My beef (lol) with them is (1) they exchanged the goat cheese off of the crown burger for a melty cheese which is still good but not the same, and, (2) the chips, or as we call them fries, are dry. Idk if that how they like them in England but I stick with the sweet potato fries and the onion rings for sides because both of them are awesome.

Even with these two beefs, it's still the BEST burger restaurant I've been to. If you're on the fence, just go.笑
I would just like to thank all of the team members at Ramsay Burger. 
Saw Gorden plug on it and took my family a few hours we got in to town. 
 
Later that night I spent a good 10+ with food poisoning. The Dr. Said it could be from not washing there hands, bad food etc. 

You have provided the most amazing start to my hard for time off.. Thanks you and your team of donkey!笑
We ordered the uber cheeseburger. How can a burger be so good that's just meat, cheese and bun? Best thing ever!笑
I am happy to be here. it was very delicious. I recommends hog bugger! french fry also was very good.笑
I heard so much about this place and decided to try it out. I got the "Hell's Kitchen" burger and it's dressed with avocados, cheese, roasted jalapeño, roasted tomatoes, and jalapeño aïoli. Wow. Best burger I've ever had!!!笑
Tried this place because we'll they have a celebrity chef owner and would like to see why so many people are waiting for a hamburger.  Well to start off her the chef recommendation. It's huge and worth it.  The other burger in the menu are smaller than the chef recommendation but it's cheaper.  Fries are good size and looks fresh.  Server is friendly and attentive.  I'm surprised how smiling they are even though the place are packed.笑
Absolutely love Las Vegas and Gordon Ramsay is one of those characters that you love to hate with the shows like hell kitchen and top chef
Going to going to this place was definitely on today's agenda and also it was a tourist attraction and the fact that it was located in my hotel which was playing at Hollywood was another added bonus
The greeters to the waiters to the cashiers everyone was pleasant and eager-to-please the menu itself wasn't that long burgers nothing shocking there
I opted for the turkey burger option but my husband went in for one of the signature burgers that included everything but the kitchen sink which he got with fries we both have fries and drinks and for two people the bill alone was over 35 almost $40 but the experience was nice and the food was pretty good so no complaints you just have to know that you're going to spend a decent amount of money here for the name alone笑
Yum, yum, yum! 

I ordered the Hell's Kitchen Burger, which includes asadero cheese, roasted jalapenos, avocado, roasted tomatoes, and jalapeno pesto aioli. It was awesome! The combination of all the ingredients meshed well together, and the avocado was perfect in the burger. 

But the WINGS THO. These were Deeeeeelicious! That buffalo sauce was perfect and not too sour with the perfect acidity, and the blue cheese sprinkles on top of the wings just completed the dish so well. The first time I came here, I ordered just the wings and had a bite of my friend's burger. He had some of the wings as well, but I just wanted to try everything since I love food.

However, the SECOND time I came here, I ordered the shrimp salad (which sucked so don't order salad) and since I wasn't satisfied, I ordered the wings. Since it was a bit much I asked for a box as well as the check since I was in a rush. I put half the wings (4 pieces) in the box, and devoured the other 4. But mannnn, I couldn't help myself and slowly but surely, I ate the wings one at a time from the box I was supposed to take home to my friend. I ate one from the to-go box and I was like, just one more. Then there were two left, and who leaves just two pathetic wings for leftovers? That's just rude giving somebody two wings, so I HAD to eat the rest... xD

Anyway, if you come here, get the wings and the burgers aren't bad too! I believe if you are a diamond or seven star reward card, you get to skip the line.

FYI both times I came here the food does take awhile to come out, so it's not the best place to go if you are in a rush. 

Cheers!笑
Good burgers with reasonable price. I ordered Hell's Kitchen Burger and it is quite good. Cost me $15 bucks.笑
Burger is a great spot to visit in Vegas. For parties of two or less, stand in line ( next to the amazing wall of fire at the entrance) and wait to be seated. For parties of three or more, place your name on a list wth the hostess. If there is a wait, you will be texted once your table is ready, a very convenient feature which allows guests to go elsewhere on the Planet Hollywood floor. We were seated after a 20 minute wait. Our booth was roomy and comfortable (note-the majority of seating in the restaurant was booths...a feature I LOVED). Drinks were ordered and the server provided helpful tips across the board. We ordered the kettle chip nachos as a starter-the brisket was tender, the chips were thick and well-seasoned, and the cheese was creamy (English cheddar cheese blended in with sour cream-delicious). I ordered the Blue Cheeseburger, and it was sensational. Juicy, tender, and bursting with flavor. The figgy jam and cheese were an amazing combination. The bread was soft and delicious. This burger was hands-down the best I have had in a while, definitely this year:) I even ordered mine "well done" which can frequently be too dry...it was not. It was a juicy flavor-explosion, and I am already planning our next visit.  We ordered truffle fries as well, to share. I love the thick-cut style, and the seasoning was nice. The truffle aioli, which accompanied the fries, was okay-honestly, the aioli seemed better suited to plain fries, since truffle on truffle was just a lot. But they were very good fries, and the ketchup was tangy and flavorful. Two thumbs up, definitely visit if you are in town.笑
Ryan is the GOAT of all waiters! Best service I've experienced in the past 3 years of coming here, and at any restaurant for that matter. Brandon did a  stellar job as well. Outstanding service. 10/10 will be back.笑
Burger was really good....expensive but good. The truffle fries were also pretty good.笑
I love Gordon Ramsay, so I just had to eat at one of his restaurants while I was in town! There was a line of people waiting to be seated. NOTE: only parties of 2 or less wait in the line. Parties of 3 or more need to put their name on a list and they will contact you via text when your table is ready. 

The wait was estimated to be an hour long. When we were notified that our table was ready, we were about a 7 min walk away (waiting for our drinks lol). We called them to let them know and they held our table for us! I ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger and onion rings. Everything was pretty good -- a bit on the pricey side, but that was already expected. I had some of friends' truffle parmesan fries and they were okay. I don't think they were worth $11, and I preferred the onion rings over the fries. 

Service was okay. Our waitress was hard to locate at times when we needed something, but it wasn't anything to get upset about. Would I come back? Yeah, but I would consider other options first. Next time, I'm coming for your steakhouse, Gordon Ramsay! ;)笑
After waiting in line over 45 minutes, ordered our food. Got there refill of Pepsi (?). We still did not get a single pice of our food.
That's pathetic. 


Food came! 

Soggy fries
Under cooked bacon 
Terrible service 

The worst ever experience. 

Topical Vegas attitudes, big entitlement笑
Had the opportunity to come to Vegas for an industry related event, so of course a group of us had to visit at least one of the celebrity-owned establishments on the Strip. We opted for the moderately priced Gorden Ramsay Burger, located inside Planet Hollywood and were seated faster than the given wait time (early weekday evening).

Ambience is definitely buzzing, and the establishment was smaller than expected.

Food was great, as stated by my group who had the Truffle Fries, Bleu Cheeseburger, Hell's Kitchen Burger, and their off-menu special, The F-word (in honor of G-Ram's new show).

Fries come thick-cut with 2 sauces, Hell's Kitchen was not as fiery as presumed, and the F-word was mouthwateringly delicious, with its dry-aged ribeye and short-ribs. I myself had the Tandoori Chicken burger, which was on the dry side and begging for more of the scrumptiously-described tahini & mint vinaigrettes. On the other hand, love the black & white sesame bun aesthetic.

Skip the jumbo onion rings.

Service was 3/5. Kept our waters filled but the food took a good while.

The experience was not as amazing as I expected, but I'd recommend stopping by for a good beef burger.笑
Ok. I'm just gonna say it. Straight up. And I don't want you to think less of me. 

I went to Gordon Ramsay Burger and I ordered a salad. Yes, the wheatberry quinoa salad. And here is comes: 

It was the BEST SALAD I have ever had in my life. 

I'm just gonna repeat myself because I know you're probably in disbelief. I went to Gordon Ramsay Burger and had the best salad of my entire life! 

I don't know when I became THAT girl that ordered a salad at the burger joint. I usually judge people who does that shit. It's like going to a Chinese restaurant and ordering fried rice and orange chicken. No! That is not acceptable. (I'm Asian if you can't tell). But I did. I don't know if it's because I'm pregnant and trying to be remotely healthy for this unborn child or because I've been eating shit all week in Vegas, but something inside of me was screaming for the wheatberry salad. 

I was actually very hesitant to order it because I saw everyone around me eating burgers. And damn! Those burgers looked and smelled so good. So I thought I'd make the healthier choice and go for the salad. I knew I was gonna regret it. 

But to my surprise, it was the best decision I've made in life. It truly was. (Am I dramatic? Maybe! But food is life!) That salad was incredible! The chicken was so flavorful! Not greasy at all! The salad was full of crunch with all sorts of nuts, dried fruits, fresh veggies, and quinoa. It was epic and it was everything I wanted and more. I couldn't have dreamt of a better salad. I had asked for the dressing on the side, and I didn't even poured an ounce of dressing onto my salad! It didn't need it! It was that good!! 

The best part of the salad? It was massive! It can probably feed 3 people. Or one pregnant girl! Ha! I ate the entire thing myself even though I was so full half way through it. But I was determined not to let that deliciousness go to waste! Trust me on this- order the wheatberry quinoa salad!! You won't regret it. Your body will thank you. 

I had a bite of my friend's turkey burger and truffle fries. It was pretty darn good. I won't lie! Truffle fries are pretty greasy though. You can tell it came straight from the deep fryer and you can see the oil dripping down as you dive in for your first bite. If that's your type of thing, then go for me. For me, it was too greasy. 

I will definitely come back here! It makes me sad that we don't have this joint in SF. The restaurant is great- very modern and clean. Servers are attention and friendly. Prices are reasonable for the strip. And overall, it's just delicious! I don't know and I don't care who Gordon Ramsay is but man, he sure knows how to make an unforgettable salad!笑
Came here Thursday evening at 8pm and the wait to get a table was about an hour. We got a table around 9. The line moved depressingly slow -- mostly due to the fact that they gave priority for reward card holders. 

We ordered onion rings ($9), Hell's Kitchen burger ($15) and the UK burger ($15), and a beer ($8). The onion rings came out pretty good, and fast, though $9 is overpriced for onion slices and batter. Both the UK and the Hell's Kitchen burger were decadent and pretty tasty but I was a bit disappointed, I guess I expected more, like more complex flavors. Also, a few bites into the Hell's Kitchen burger, I realized that the avocado was missing. We were sitting at the counter top, so I called the nearest waitress over and told her about the missing ingredient. Without saying anything she went over to the set up table and handed me a small ramekin with a small avocado sliced, said maybe a curt sorry, and hurried away. Even our waitress took a good 10-15 minutes to get us our check after we finished. They all seem so busy that, other than the water boy that came over frequently to refill out glasses, I don't feel like we've been given enough attention.笑
Cons: long line. Don't take reservations. 

Pros: accepts credit cards. Easy to find location. kettle chip nachos. Had this great sauce that the kiddos loved. My husband and I shared Some sort of Pork burger w/bacon and pulled pork. Well balanced flavors. Savory and sweet.笑
Hands down the best burgers we've had in a long long time! We tried the hell's kitchen burger and it was simply magnificient, so good we came back the day after and had another ! The flavours all came perfectly together with the roasted tomatoes and delicious aioli making the burger! At some point there was meat that came out of the sandwich and just having the meat plain was also delightful, cooked perfectly ! We also had the Crown burger and both of them were so good you can't have them with anything else, i.e fries. You will want to bite in and take your time to allow all the flavours to be enjoyed. I didn't want my burger to end! 
Service was also fantastic !笑
Honestly, I can give 2 stars or even 1 because of the wait time, but the service of the waitresses is very good so I give 3 stars.
We came almost 9pm, wait to get the seat for about 30-40 mins. I think since this is a famous restaurant, so it's reasonable.
But the burger and the fries came almost 1 hour after we placed the order!
I know that the restaurant is busy, but I don't think that it needs more than 30 mins to prepare burger, (especially because of Chef Ramsey's famous image)
The waitresses keep coming and check on us and say sorry for the wait, they are very nice and friendly.
About the burger itself, I was order the hell's kitchen, it is good and I give it 4 stars for the taste. 
But the fries is just ok.笑
So let's see two years ago when we stayed at Planet Hollywood we ate here eight times.

And now we're back!

I love this place. I've gotten a lot of items on the menu but my favorite dishes would have to be the Hell's Kitchen burger and wings.

The burger is cooked perfectly to your specifications and doesn't come soggy like most places. The bun is crisp and goes really well. 

I asked for the wings to be cooked extra crispy and naked and they came out perfectly. I recommend doing it this way so the wings aren't soggy because if the sauce is on the wings too long it'll happen.

In conclusion if your staying at Planet Hollywood do yourself a favor and come here. You won't regret it.笑
1 word: YUMMY!  My husband and I went to Burger Saturday afternoon for lunch around 1pm.  We waited about 30 minutes for a table.  Once we were seated, we were almost immediately greeted by our server.  I can't remember his name, but he was GREAT!  He made an excellent suggestion about a secret burger (the F Word burger), that my husband ended up ordering.  It was a little pricey, but well worth it.  I had the Farmhouse burger, and then we shared the truffle fries.  So so good!!!  I must also add that this was not our 1st visit here, but probably the best food and service that we have ever received.  On that note, I am already looking forward to dining at Gordon Ramsay Burger again!笑
How to properly write a review for a Ramsay restaurant without using the F word? ;)  I'm up to the challenge.

Of course there was a wait, and that's to be expected.  I don't necessarily think the hostesses handled this in the most efficient or friendly manner, especially for there being 4 of them.  4 employees to do one job and to do it poorly, kinda weird.    

The great thing is that you forget about this pretty quickly after you sit down.  Excellent menu with thoughtful creations and options for everyone.  What I loved is that from the fries, to the onion rings, to the dipping sauces, to the burger and every component on the burger....all thoughtful.  All tasty.  This is not a place that serves Heinz with his hand battered onion rings or raw onions with their pork burger.  All components are thoughtful and delicious and that's what makes this a stand out, gotta return, Ramsay name worthy establishment. 

Go!  You'll enjoy your meal here.  Trust.笑
Good food, terrible service. The hostesses are incredibly rude while we are waiting to be seated.笑
Although the burger I had was delicious and the staff was great.  I was disappointed in the fact they way over cooked my burger and the fries completely sucked.  I would expect better after getting the top $22 burger it should at least be close. I asked for med rare and got med well to well done burger 0 pink.  The fries looked like they were the end of a bag.  Each fry was like 1/4-1/2 inch long.  I understand they are high volume but I would expect more even from  a chain burger joint how hard is it to cook a burger to proper temperature?笑
If the food wasn't good enough, Paul and Brandon just completed our dining experience笑
We came here because a friend of ours recommended it saying their burgers were amazing. That being said, we went on a Thursday morning, right before they were about to open, at 11am, and already there was a line of at least 15 ppl waiting to be seated. Definitely come right at opening time if you don't want to wait, this place fills up fast. 

I ordered the forest burger, which had duck bacon and mushrooms which was pretty good. Portion size, I actually expected their burgers to be a little bigger than what was given to me...but overall it was a good sized burger. Definitely tender and juicy. However, what I really loved about this place were the truffle Parmesan fries! One order was enough for 4 ppl..and we definitely asked for a side of extra truffle sauce!笑
We recently stayed at the Planet Hollywood, and ended up eating at Gordon Ramsay Burger twice. We all enjoyed our meals, and service was excellent (although it did take a bit longer to get our food on our second visit). The burgers were cooked just right, and the onion rings are so delicious! We will definitely eat here again next time we're in Vegas. A bit pricey, but everything on the Strip is expensive.笑
We got burgers & fries. I got the backyard burger cut in half, I forget what my bf got but it is pictured below, but we shared the Parmesan truffle fries. Everything was excellent quality cooked to perfection. It's cool to be able to say I ate at Gordon Ramsay's restaurant but it's not really something I'll keep going back for. My boyfriend raves about it tho so our opinions vary. We both agree the French fries were bomb!

Waited in line to eat for about 45min. Ambiance was romantic & dimly lit. Fancy burgers in Vegas but I think I'll just let them stay in Vegas. I'm happy with my in&out burger any day. Lol.笑
Awesome service, up to par food quality. Will def come back when in town! We had the F word burger which is a new burger that hasnt even been added to the menu was the bomb!!! And also the hell wings best buffalo i have ever tried! Im not a fan of buffalo sauce so asked for it on the side jeez!!!! Was delicious!!! We split both plates with my husband and we were soooo full after! People may think is expensive but we are from San Francisco so these are in the cheapest/average prices for us but the portion size is at all comparing to SF here are huge!!! So at the end we save money... win win...笑
Well...we waited 1.5 hours to eat here. It was edible. All I can really say about the flavor is that it lacks flavor. I gave it a three stars because the root beer was good. I got the parmesean fries and the ketchup that came with it was funky tasting. I hope Gordon Ramsey reads this, your burgers are not the greatest buddy, stick to British food and leave the American burger alone.笑
We had high hopes for this restaurant as a coworker said it was the best food she had ever had.

We got in line (Thursday night) and after 10 minutes of the line not moving an employee walked down the line to verify everyone in line was group's of 2 or less - asked for an ETA and was told 10-15 minutes.

Shy of 30 minutes later we were seated - it was very nice, but loud, in the restaurant.  Menus were waiting, and within 5 minutes we had water and placed our orders (Tandoori Chicken and the Hells kitchen burger, plus an order of the parmesan fries).  We were told the wait for food would be 25-30 minutes.

The burgers were good, not that much better than a Red Robin burger.  Fries were amazing.

The service was mediocre.笑
The restaurant was clean, and the servers were pleasant enough, but just try to get a water refill. I dare you! A weird guy kept hovering, who wasn't our waiter, but rather than fill our drinks, he just gave the awkward look and kept moving. I made my husband stop him, finally because most of our glasses were empty. 
I think Gordon forgot to heed his own advice because I ordered Hell's Kitchen burger, because I like spicy. Well, if it says "Hells Kitchen", it  really should be spicy. Nope. The bun to burger ratio is sad. We named the buns Sir Mix A Lot buns, because baby got back. Too big for the tiny patty. Speaking of patty, where was it?!?! I thought it would be handmade and/or big and juicy. No, no and no! Such a disappointment! One and done. I pulled the top of the bun off, for the picture or you wouldn't be able to see anything.笑
After watching a concert at Planet Hollywood, I was starving! When we saw Gordon Ramsay Burger had no line, my friend and I decided to grab dinner here. We walked in on Wednesday, May 10th around 11:30pm. We were seated immediately at their counter with a view of the kitchen. A friend joined us later and we were able to grab an extra seat.

*Beer Battered Onion Rings: parmigiano-reggiano, chipotle ketchup, cheddar ranch dip ($9)
*Hell's Kitchen Burger: asadero cheese, roasted jalapenos, avocado, roasted tomatoes, jalapeno pesto aioli ($15)
*Ultimate Cheeseburger: aged provelone, dublinar, boursin ($15)
*"Foie" Burger: pate foie gras, chevre, port wine aioli, frisee ($21)
*Truffle Parmesan Fries ($11)
*Just Fries ($8)
*Black Butte ($9)
*Coors Light Draft ($8) ×2
*Guinness Draft ($8)

I got the foie burger with truffle fries. I should have read the description closer as I thought it was going to come with seared foie. Instead, it was a foie pate. It probably would have been fine, but paired with the chevre, the burger was too rich. And not in a good way as the chevre added a tanginess I didn't like. It also seemed like the cheese and foie were fighting each other instead of complementing each other. I did enjoy the truffle fries, but I think it's hard to mess those up. We'd been drinking all day, so I just decided to get a couple Coors Light. It was easy to drink. The boys got the rest of the food and thought everything was okay. Not worth the price was the consensus.

I don't mind paying more for a good burger, but these are just okay.笑
We were in Vegas for a few days and decided to give this place a try because it was where we were staying.  We started off with potato chip nachos.  OMG, it was delicious.  We also got the hells burger and hot dog.  They were both super delicious.  The hot dog was just a little to smokey for me, but that was my only complaint.  We also ordered the plain fries that came with a curry and chipotle ketchup.  The fries were just ok, I dont think it is worth $9.  The curry ketchup was a fail.  But over all I will be back when im in Vegas and ive been telling everyone I know to go.笑
All the burgers here are great!! The onion rings were pretty thick to my liking! However the truffle fries are a must have. If you have a total rewards card and rank in the platinum or higher you do not have to wait in line which rocks because this place can definitely get busy. 

Their home made truffle aioli, ranch and chipotle ketchup are all amazing sauces. Definitely check this place out笑
We started off with drinks of course, and the Truffle Parmesan Fries since they said it takes a half hour to get your burger (I don't know why it should take so long to cook a burger! Especially when Gordon's biggest grips on his tv show Kitchen Nightmares is the speed of service!) The fries were very good though!
For the burger, I went with the Ultimate Cheeseburger, and I had them add bacon to it, but when I received my burger there was n bacon added to it! So if you order something like that to your burger CHECK IT FIRST! All they did was give me an option of either having it on the side- ya right! Had them take that part off on the bill! They should have offered something more- oh well. So wasn't impressed there, but the burger and the bread was very good! 
My wife went with the Forest Burger with Duck Bacon, which worked real well! Maybe I should have had that one minus the mushrooms!笑
This is my third time here. Wonder why no other info or pictures, because we ate good food too fast. The food here is good, it's always good, thats all I have to say about that. 

This trip we ordered the hog burger, yummy, crown burger yummy, uk was ok, farmhouse burger yummy. We also ordered onion rings, super yummy. The  fries are ok but I'm not into this restaurants  fries, but the dipping sauces that come with it are good though. The sweet potato fries are okay, my girls like them a lot. 

Overall, I will continue to come back when I'm in Vegas, as often as possible. I have nothing but good things to say about this Gordon Ramsay Burger.笑
The review is for the Tandoori Chicken Burger only. It tasted overly salted and was inedible half way through. Really sad as I had high expectations for this place. The other burgers seem good though. Maybe I had an off one.笑
Waiting over 45 minutes to get our food the service is horrific!!! The attitude of the waitress was like what do you mean the service is taking too long I'm a look at one of the good burger I guess I came to the wrong place笑
Was really excited to try out Gordon Ramsay Burger. But we were disappointed. We ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger, forest burger and chips and curry sauce. The burgers were good but not great. Fries were rock hard. We waited 30 mins before the food came out. I dont think Gordon would approve. With so many burger option in vegas, don't think we will come back.笑
This place was the first place my wife and I went every time we went to Vegas.  In fact we would plan our trip so that we ended up in Vegas at lunch time just so we could go straight here after we checked into whatever hotel we checked into.  The burgers were great but the poppers were our favorite and basically the main reason we went.  They have discontinued the poppers so now we will have to find another place to call our favorite because this place no longer is.  The burgers are great but you can get a great burger anywhere.  What a shame笑
1. The food was SO salty. There is no way Gordon Ramsey would approve. 
We ordered Bluecheese Burger, Crown Burger and Truffle Fries.
I asked for a well-done patty, not a jerkey. It was so dry and salty.  

2. We had to wait 30 minutes after ordering to get the burgers and the fry.
The fry was on the shelf in the kitchen for about good 15 minutes before we got them. 
(Because it was an open kitchen, we were able to watch our fry getting dry.)
Thanks to the long waiting time, the fry's texture was like a baguette. 

3. It took 10 more minutes to get the bill. 

4. The server looked really angry. She looked like Gordon Ramsey when he's pissed off.笑
Fans of good food and fast service will have a good time here if my lunch here was a good indication.
We were greeted immediately with a smile when we walked in and were seated right away after walking in around 20 minutes after the restaurant opened. 
A wall of flames greets guests as they enter the restaurant and the restaurant has a good mix of decor that might interest Gordon Ramsay fans in addition to sports bar appeal. 
The onion rings are bomb! 
Delicate shavings of cheese topped a large cone of crispy, beer-battered onion rings and the  ranch dressing made the each bite melt into my mouth. My brother and I agreed, these were the star of our lunch.
My tandoori chicken burger was good, cooked perfectly with a fresh bun and my tangerine cocktail was so juicy, I wanted more, a great balance between sweetness and alcohol content.
The tables have a subtle British theme from the glossy menus with Gordon Ramsay flanked by the British flag to the blue place settings with red cloth napkins, adding a nice touch to the table.
One suggestion I'd have is to include plain fries with burgers to provide a more complete meal; it'd allow guests to still choose from their tasty-looking appetizer menu if they wish but would be a more traditional way to enjoy a burger without paying extra.
We had a great experience, our waitress was friendly and made sure we were well taken care of. 
A fun lunch and an affordable option in Vegas!笑
Always loved this place, great food and atmosphere although noisier than many places. The food here is affordable and exotic while being normal all at the same time.

Higher recommend the farm house burger, the truffle fries and there shakes although if have a shake you may not be able to finish your burger.

Must eat place if coming to Vegas笑
The burgers are amazing, and they are incredibly reasonably priced. My bloody mary was weak, which was a bummer, but the food was mega satisfying to me and my friend so that outweighs the drink experience.  I will definitely hit up this place again when I'm in Vegas.笑
As someone who's tried Shake Shack, In N Out, other family/private owned burger joints and restaurants, hands down I can say Ramsay burger is definitely worth trying more so than Shake Shack.

My breakdown for the 5 star and the suggestion to get it over Shake Shack is as follows:

Service (4.5)
Its a dine in with server style so of course you dont have to self serve like you would at Shake Shack. The server I had was pretty friendly and attentive during the whole time. 

Drinks (4.5)
While Shake Shack does serve beer, Ramsay Burger has a lot more options and varieties including cock tails and wines. I tried their Irish Mule which was apparently the most popular drink on the cock tails selection. It was as how the server described it, not too sweet but not too overwhelmingly strong. I believe she told me it was composed of jameson, some beer, probably syrup and lime. 

Burger (4.5)
I tried the Hell's Kitchen which seemed to be composed of provolone, patty, avocado, jalapeno and tomato. Yes the burger was on the pricey side of $15 without fries but shake Shacks burgers all average around $9-11 as well. For the quality of the beef patty and the structure of the burger, I d say this was worth it. 

Fries (4.5)
Ordered the parmesan truffle fries which came with two sauce. One reminded me of honey mustard flavor and the other close to marinara sauce like taste. But it was surprisingly very good as the parmesan grits and the fries texture blended very well together. It was around $9-10 which once again like the burger, is on the pricey side but its big enough to share between two people. So its not a bad deal at the end of it. 

Overall, my friend and I were both pleased with Ramsays burger and did not regret not going to Shake Shack.笑
I normal don't write reviews but this i have to.Service was great 5 stars.the food had flavor BUT was not fresh and I'm sure Mr Ramsay would not be thrilled knowing his name is serving that food. I know I should've said something but when your out on that las vegas strip for a bit and hungry as heck who would you jus want to eat. Burger was barely warm and fries were stale if it wasn't for the chipotle ketchup I probably would've said something it did take a little bit to long also  so. my bill was about $65 for 2 people that's about the norm i guess in vegas but I've could've gone to in and out burger and it be cheaper and fresh.笑
Had the Farmhouse Burger. One of the best burgers I've ever eaten. Great atmosphere, super friendly staff, excellent food. Five stars easy.笑
Wow, the burgers here are freakin good. One of the best I've had. Meat is so juicy and full of flavor. The burger also has a nice kick with the jalapeno peppers. YUM!!笑
It's a bit of a challenge going here with a large party, we definitely waited much longer than just waiting in the line and sitting separately. After about a 50min wait we finally got to our seats YAY! We already knew what we wanted since we had 50min to decide before we sat. I must say it was absolutely worth the wait not to mention they make everything fresh so the burger wait time is another 30 min or so. We had these bomb truffle fries while we waited for the deliciousness. I highly recommend the Hell's Kitchen Burger with bacon so full of flavor it tasted like Heaven despite coming from the kitchen of Hell lol pardon the corniness. My son had the Hog burger which was yummy as well a 1/4 beef patty wrapped in bacon topped with pulled pork and some sweet pickles to add some balance yum. I would definitely comeback and maybe just play some machines if a wait is necessary. Thanks again Chef Gordon笑
I absolutely LOVE Gordon Ramsay. He is an amazing chef and I applaud all his hard work. The first time I came to this restaurant was a couple years back when they had on their menu this amazing delicate fancy fish sandwich. I came back here early june to find out they took it off their menu which was a bummer to hear but Instead I tried one of his other options I got the tandoori chicken burger I believe. It was VERY moist and had amazing flavor to it ! I highly recommend it, My husband got the hells kitchen burger and he was it was pretty damn good. and My in-laws also got great burgers but unfortunately I cannot remember them at the moment. I suggested we get the onion rings because the batter (from what I last remembered) was out of this world! His recipes are to die for and his kitchen runs so smoothly. I love how immaculate everything was. We would LOVE to come back next time.笑
The burgers were fantastically delish. Almost as good as in-n-out! Sure, I'd rather have an in-n-out burger at a fraction of the price but we were celebrating bff birthday. Fun, loud place. Long wait but why be in a rush when you're in Vegas.笑
Was recommended by a friend and boy was he right. From the moment I stepped in the, the hostess Ms. Zeleida, greeted us, let us know there would be a few minute wait time, however,  got us seated immediately. She was very efficient, proffesional, and had excellent customer service. The server was aswell excellent, the good was amazing. I have to give this place inside the PH 5 stars all the way. Just how a friend refered me her, i will as well try to convince others of how good this place is. The service and the food will make you come again.笑
For me this is a hype place. Maybe I'm boring, but I don't care if my burger has all the fancy weird toppings that I don't recognize. Because I hadn't brushed up on my 50 types of cheese I ended up ordering one that had what tasted like a goat cheese on it. Really disappointing since I am not into it at all. I would have asked our waitress what some of the items were but to be honest she seemed less than thrilled to be there and did not make me feel comfortable enough to ask her to explain the items. Not to mention we had to keep asking for our drinks to be refilled, and flag her down to get our bill after we sat there not eating for a good 10-15 minutes. Drink refilling is admittedly one of my nerves because that is serving/waiting 101. I know there are other better waitresses there as one next to us seemed really helpful and eager to assist her table. 

We came without a reservation and waited maybe 5 minutes, not bad at all. 

This is a wonderful place for someone who is more cultured in their cheeses, odd vegetables, and duck bacon... my boyfriend liked it, me not so much. 

Got points for 1. Convenience to the strip 2. Fairly priced for a gourmet burger 3. Awesome truffle fries.笑
Burger was good but the truffle fries were a shame. It was overfried making it so hard to bite.笑
To die for! I love their burgers and their sauces. This time around we tried their Creme brûlée shake. Oh yeah you better get it! It's delicious! The wait time is very long so don't wait in line hungry because you'll just starve but if your stomach can wait then go for it. This is our go to spot when we are in Vegas.笑
Short line to get seated and didn't take more than 10 minutes on a late Friday night... to be seated in the middle of the damn dining room, my fave spot for utmost comfort btw. I wish they would've asked what we preferred or gave options. 

My hubs ordered the Hog Burger medium done and enjoyed it more than my Hell's Kitchen Burger. I thought mine was pretty bomb, good flavor balance. They really do medium to perfection! 

Since everything's a la carte, we ordered truffle-Parmesan fries and some wings. Truffle n Parmesan fries were aromatic n wings were deboned n delicious; be sure to smear bleu cheese onto each bite. 

Finished w a nicely plated blood orange creamsicle, homemade from scratch, that tasted really nice.... except I wasn't sure why it was so soft n melty.

Overall: Great upscale ambience, perfect gourmet burgers n spotless service. Iced teas kept coming before we even thought to ask and our waiter never failed to check on our alcohol situation. Solid place, so glad we tried!笑
Delicious! Great service. Highly recommend getting the Truffle Parmesan fries. Right near the slot machines so you get to people watch :)笑
Surprisingly good!  We ordered the Blood Orange Cosmo's, Hog Burger, Ultimate Cheeseburger, Truffle Fries and got a small creamsicle desert.  A little pricey but totally worth it!笑
Had dinner here tonight and it was such a good burger! The fries came with two types of specialty ketchup (Chipotle ketchup and Curry ketchup). Both had some kick to them and were great. I had the St. Archer IPA which was also fantastic. Do yourself a favour and go there for dinner if your in Las Vegas.笑
Decent ingredients, burger was undercooked, fries were great, server was attentive.  Restaurant is on the border of the casino, so the smell of cigarette smoke still permeates into the restaurant.笑
Welp. Wanted to be like the cool kids and give this a shot. 

THE GOOD:

1. Line moved quickly. We took under 10 mins at 7.30pm to get a table. 

2. Whatever ketchup they used was awesome!

THE OK:

1. Service was slow. 

2. Food was ok. I ordered the Forest Burger, which had mushrooms, cheese and duck bacon. Bacon tasted good. Beef pattie was tough unfortunately, and the mushrooms were overlooked little rubber tires. I asked for lettuce wrapped and they were great with that. So that was good. But the food was forgettable. Wouldn't come back. 

3. Husband ordered The Farmhouse Burger. He tells me it was a 7/10 so that is good!

3. The fries were good. Not perfect, but good. Solid effort. 

THE BAD:

1. My biggest complaint was the ambience and NOISE!!!! Good grief, if I wanted my ears to bleed I would have gone to a frikken Iron Maiden Concert. There is No carpet anywhere and the noise just resounds to the point where you have  to SHOUT to be heard. I am in the audiology industry and 85 dB is where hearing loss begins to occur as a result of noise damage, and I clocked an average of 83dB in this restaurant. So damn loud to the point of super uncomfortable. Just bad form Gordon. 

2. TVs were broken down and not playing- kind of added to the vibe of lack of care. 

All in all, for the price, I wouldn't come back due to the noise and lack of ambience. For my money, I'd go elsewhere.笑
When I order a burger medium well it shouldn't be extremely pink inside.  Did my order get mixed up with someone who order their burger rare!?!? And then to not even offer to remove the burger from the $130 check is very surprising, being it was obviously your mistake and you were made aware of the situation.  Sorry, but how can I leave a tip in this situation.  Very poor customer service Tammy!笑
I am not just a fan but a worshipper of Gordon Ramsay and I have learnt to review a restaurant from HIM through each and every show and tweet and youtube video that he does. I am very very disappointed with the restaurant and to some extent the food. The service is very bad and the staff is clearly overworked. I ordered the Hog burger, the Hell's Kitchen Burger and the truffle fries. The Hog burger was welldone and COLD it must have been sitting around for a while. The fried we had to send back because they were stale and dry. The only good thing was the Hell's Kitchen Burger done medium well done to the T. The server was proactive and ready to replace our fried immediately but you should at least get fresh fried after 40 mins of waiting and not much crowd (most of the tables were empty since it was Sunday 10 p.m). No body likes cold fries or cold burgers. :( :(笑
Literally best burger ever! The onion rings are SO good. Would drive 4 hours just to go there. Definitely a must when in Las Vegas!!笑
Definitely paying for the name here.  Extremely expensive and food was very disappointing.  It wasn't bad, but you have high expectations for Ramsay and the burger and fries were nothing out of the ordinary & not worth the price.  My husband and I both ordered fries because we wanted two different types.  The waitress asked if we wanted two servings, but didn't tell us that she was asking because each serving can probably feed 4 people.  Had we known that, we would have ordered only 1, especially after getting the bill and finding out the the fries were $8 & $11 each.  We had the truffle parmesan fries and regular fries, and there was not much taste difference.  They also come with different sauces, which we really didn't like.  I had the backyard burger.  Good, but not great.  My husband had the farmhouse burger, which was a mess.  It comes with a "fried egg" but it was just oozing egg yolk as he tried to eat it.  The restaurant is actually very small, and is placed at the entrance to a mall area, with two sides of the restaurant open to the shops, making it feel like a fancy food court.  I was really looking forward to this and was let down.笑
Ramsey would be pissed I sat down with a party of 4 host was very nice but the server was non existent we waiting over 10 minutes before we just got up and left it seemed all the severe wanted to do was chat with each other at their computer station should have expected it since as we walked in another group had approached the host table and asked where do we pay cause they had not seem their server in a long time very disappointing笑
Juicy, flavorful burgers. Delicious appetizers (hummus recommended). Great atmosphere, nice people. Decent service. Lots of menu options. This place is overall great and I totally suggest coming here.笑
Bad service.  Slow service.  EVERYTHING was far over cooked - even the fires.  We had to wait 18 minutes to even send anything back.  Awful!  Try something else.笑
We came last night after trying Gordon Ramsay Steak in Paris hotel. We only waited about 15 minutes for a party of 2. We came with high hopes and left extremely disappointed after the service we received. We both have worked in the service industry for years so maybe we were a bit critical but this bordered on ridiculous.

After 12 minutes of being seated, our server 
greeted us with "Did you decide what you want yet?" 

Not a hello, not a "welcome, have you been helped?"..poor server looked bored and tired. With an unapproachable demeanor she made us and apparently her other tables look a little hesitant to ask questions. We ordered water and cocktails, but our water glasses were empty for 25 minutes and cocktails didn't arrive until our food did. 

Appetizers arrived briefly, chips and curry were slightly cold but good. 

A whole 45 minutes later our burgers arrived. The meat was delicious and the flavors mixed perfectly, but the server never checked up on us after we started eating. Server was no where to be found when we wanted some limes, and only saw her maybe twice the whole evening. 

We had to remind her several times to refill our water, and at the end of the meal when we asked for a box she looked at me as if I spoke to her in an alien language. 

If you want to truly experience Gordon Ramsay: try the steakhouse and their amazing beef Wellington and ask for Victor, he will treat you like a proper server should and make sure your experience is worthwhile. You won't wait nearly and hour for your food and you'll leave fat and happy.笑
OMG!!!  This place was soooooo good!!!  I'm not a huge fan of burgers, but I am a fan of Gordon Ramsay so I was willing to try with hubby.  We had the Hells Kitchen burger & Fries with Curry Sauce.  Absolutely delicious.  We would go back!

I did see children in this restaurant, but I'm still saying it's not good for children because I'm not a fan of children in Vegas.  Too much for them to be exposed to at such a young age.笑
I use to love this place they recently changed there menu and took off my favorite the jalapeño poppers and they don't have the farm burger any more. The farmhouse is similar to the farm burger but it's not that great. Every time I go to Vegas I always stop by here it was always one of my fav to go spots but after this memorial weekend trip they disappointed me so much. I love Gordon Ramsey's restaurants from his steak house at the Paris to the pub at the Cesars and to have this spot change so drastically on taste and menu is such a disappointment it really doesn't uphold the Gordon Ramsey name brand笑
My husband and I really wanted to try Burger and we were not disappointed. We didn't wait but 5 minutes to be seated at the bar. The food was delicious and the staff was very friendly! Highly recommend give truffle fries, they are a large enough portion to share between 2-3 people!笑
Service is slow.  

The hellfire wings were disappointing. It was a premium price for those wings and what we got was something not far better from Safeway instacart wings with carrot shavings and bits of blue cheese thrown on top.  

For the burger, I ordered the special which had a teeny tiny bit of rib meat thrown on top of the patty. Patty was a nice thickness, but the diameter was terribly disappointing.  Cabbage slaw in the burger was typical and nothing special. 

This will be the last time I eat on the strip笑
Originales y creativas las hamburguesas, pero para ser un chef, desilusionado y atormentado que las papas fritas estuvieran crudas. Esperaba más de un chef tan conocido no solo en Europa sino en América笑
The burgers were amazing and the truffle fries are definitely worth sharing, a must! My boyfriend and I shared the Hell's Kitchen burger and the Crown burger and I am sorry I did for the burgers back home will never be the same! I am not a fan of hot, spicy food but the Hell's Kitchen burger was great n not too spicy. The truffle fries were absolutely amazing! Sorry but In n Out should not be compared to these, even the best gourmet burger back home can't top these! The 45 min wait wasn't exciting but to me it was worth it to have had tried one of the best burgers! Love Ramsey n as always he does not disappoint.笑
Terrible Experience! No reservations accepted...so after waiting an hour at lunchtime, we're seated at a table that is basically in the hotel entrance way. Then we waited an additional forty minutes for our food. We mentioned all of this to our waiter, who apologized, agreed, but claimed no ability to affect the situation. I  complained to the Manager, trying to be much more gracious than Gordon Ramsay. He as well claimed no accountability. I'm writing this YELP review, trying to be much more gracious than Gordon Ramsay. Either Gordon Ramsay has no idea what is going on at this restaurant or he is a SHAM.笑
I have tried other GR restaurants and have been pleased in the past. The best time seems to be Saturday between 2-4. Parties of 3 or more can check in with the hostess but 2 or less must stand in the line. On Friday and Saturday nights, this is a very long line. My food was good but I was not about to stand in line for 60 minutes plus. 

I chose the patriot burger which is a turkey burger with cheese, a spicy mayo, and potato sticks. It was crunchy and very flavorful. I paired this burger with the truffle fries which were terrific.笑
Everything has been thought through and works like a well oiled machine. Exotic ingredients like duck bacon bring up the price point. All the food was cooked very well but the flavor profiles didn't WOW me. Skip the mushroom poutine and get the chicken saltimbocca sliders.笑
Food was amazing! However,  the service was terrible! Waited forever for refills, messed the order up and waitors and waitresses were more interested in chatting amongst each other at the POS machine while on cell phones. After we were done eating, waited 10 minutes for check. Very disappointing... Oh, and red headed waitress was talking very loudly at POS machine dropping F Bombs about EDC event. My 11 year old son found it amusing. Very unprofessional! Not what I expected from a restaurant with Ramsey on it...笑
The burger and fries were so extremely dry. So disappointing... I was expecting a deliciously juicy burger and amazing truffle fries. Unfortunately, the fries were dry as a bone!!! I mean horrible... the burger (crown burger) was so dry I had to slather mayo and ketchup on it. Just wrong!!! From Gordon local I expect much more. I understand they had a chef missing, but that's unacceptable. And yes, to not comp us anything or a free drink, is not right. Service was mediocre at the bar. Overall dissatisfied. Will not be back.笑
There was a huge line when I came across GRB one night in Vegas. I was alone, so went to the hostess and asked if there was bar seating available -- which there was, at the Kitchen Bar!
I immensely enjoyed watching the kitchen staff execute at a pace and with a focus you would expect from a GR kitchen.
I had the special burger. Of course it was great. I ate half, and had the other half for breakfast the next morning. Dare I say it was better cold from the fridge the next morning?
4 stars because of price... I had a burger, fries, 2 beers, and I spent $50+. Not a surprise given you are in Vegas, but... the value makes it a one-time visit.  Check it out!笑
Meh. Came here last night. I will say service was 5 stars. Wait took forever, they sat us next to the fire wall but we were way too hot and the staff reaccomdated our seating which made them get 5 stars in my book. Our waiter was helpful and really knew the menu. Reason for the lower ranking is that I had really high hopes for this place. Now I ate the entire burger because I was so hungry. The ketchup is home made and I was not a fan, it was spicy almost like a cocktail sauce, but just not good with their fries. Fries were overly seasoned. I preferred the regular ones over the truffle. The onion rings were bomb. The burger I had was good, but dry and I did not like the cheese on there, very stinky like goat. I prefer red robin over this place.笑
Nice atmosphere,  the burger taste very good.  The beer batter onion ring taste delious.笑
Oh.....My.......Gordon Ramsay! We're loving the burger bar trend, and this place sets the bar very high! The decor is super cool British themed, cool use of color and a walk of fire. The food was absolutely decadent. My husband and I shared the ultimate cheeseburger and onion rings. The burger was so fresh, the cheeses were tangy and smooth, and the sesame bun was toasted to perfection. We were happy we decided to add bacon to the burger, it was perfectly crisped and had great smoke flavor. The onion rings were breaded perfectly and served with a chipotle ketchup that is out of this world! The ranch sauce with the rings was good too, but the ketchup was a nice spicy treat for the ol tastebuds.笑
I looked up to Gordon Ramsay growing up and hoping one day I'll go to one of his restaurants. Finally Gordon Ramsay opened up a burger restaurant, something I love to eat and so much more affordable than a high class restaurant. I have heard so many mixed reviews about the burgers but wanted to try it out for myself. 

I went during lunch hours and I was so glad we didn't have to wait. I heard the waitlist can take awhile and I cannot wait any longer to take a bite of Gordon's burger.

We ordered the sweet potato fries and I must say this is one of the best sweet potatoes fries that I've ever had. It was cook perfectly and I never thought to eat it with powered sugar but it works! I've got the truffle burger, it was good but wasn't what I had hoped. My boyfriend ordered the Hell's Kitchen Burger and he love it! I prefer his burger over mine and we ended us switching plates. All and all we still needed up having an amazing burger.笑
Great burgers! Love the beer batter onion rings and yummy fries with truffle drizzle ! Great service笑
Gordon Ramsay Burger has a permanent spot on our things to do list when we come to Vegas. This was our third time eating GRB and I must say superb. The burgers are so good you over look the wait, about 25 minutes or so. I would definitely recommend GRB to everyone but keep in mind the burgers aren't cheep.笑
Loved it! Great burgers, great fries, great beer, and great service! Definitely a restaurant I will return to when I visit Vegas again.笑
We decided to have dinner here last night after the Britney concert. We had to wait about 20 minutes and were seated at the bar. The bartenders were great and attentive. I ordered the wings and my husband ordered the ultimate cheese burger and onion rings. Best we have ever had. Everything was fresh and cooked perfectly.笑
I had high expectations considering it has Gordon Ramsey's name on it. The burgers were outstanding (we had the farmhouse and ultimate) and they were cooked to perfection. The truffle fries are definitely sharing size so don't let the $11 price tag deter you. The beer selection could be a little better but has some decent staples. Now the not so great...the service. Even my 16 year old recognized that that our server was clueless. He kept forgetting what we said and seemed totally distracted. I get that it's a relatively new place but perhaps a bit more training would help.