I've had mixed experiences with service here, but the last time I went the service was stellar. The food has always been great though. They have lunch specials on the naan roll-ups. The atmosphere is very nice relative to others on campus.笑
This place is absolutely wonderful for dinner. Their naan is always freshly made and perfectly done. Their chicken tikka masala is pretty good, but any lamb combination is great, (lamb kaddai and jalfrezi are good choices). Their rice is brackish and not the best you can get.  The service for dinner is alright, they do tend to take a long time to take your order and bring your food.  However, the wait is worth it.  Their portion sizes are very deceptional, they come in a small metal bowl, but the bowl is deeper than you think! With naan you will definitely leave very filled.

I would NOT however, recommend this place for lunch. The service is beyond awful and the food is not of the same quality.  There is no waiter during lunch and you are served on cheap paper plates.  Now, I do not necessarily have a problem with the paper plates, but when I am spending a lot of money--as a broke college student--I at least want a decent presentation.  

Overall, I would recommend this place ONLY for dinner.  It's good for a date, very nice seating, dimmed lighting.  It is also good for groups as they do separate checks and have tables big enough to accommodate large groups.  If you like Indian food, have a few bucks to spend, this is your place.笑
Decent food, went here on my brothers recommendation. Don't get the Chicken Jalfrezi its not even mildly hot as stated on the menu. Its plain, chicken wasn't too tender. However the paneer makhani roll was pretty good. For the price, I think the food should be a tad bit better. We went on Sunday and according to my brother, we should have been confronted by a waiter and be given things rather than doing it ourselves. But anywhoo, I have to rate Casablanca 4 stars because the food wasn't like what it was described to me.笑
Two words: food poisoning. ACUTE food poisoning. Knew I should have trusted my instincts when I saw them prepping food on the same cutting board they had just cut raw meat on. Food was pre-cooked and reheated and still tasted overly salty and the wait was ridiculous (said 10m, waited over 20). This is the second time I've given this place a chance and the second disappointment. Won't be a third.笑
Tried the Kabab House with College Boy yesterday.  It was a busy place and the service was quick and cheerful.  You order at the counter in the back and then sit down and they bring out food on a little cart and push it through the small dining room looking for its owner.  A lot of people were taking carry out.  

 I ordered the special Chicken Marsala and my son ordered Chicken Vendaloo, lunch portion.  We shared a naan and had water to drink. The bill was about $21; which seems a little high for lunch on a regular basis.

We both enjoyed our choices, and will give it another try.  I want to try a kabab next time.  They also serve beer and wine at reasonable prices.笑
Don't go here on a tight schedule, as some other Yelpers have pointed out there can be a bit of a wait for the food.  That being said, the food here is worth the wait.

When people think Middle Eastern, they seem to expect something more Arabian than what this food actually is.  You'll find a pretty good smattering of Persian, Afghan and Indian dishes here, but not much in your Mediterranean or Gulf food.  You'll also find a pleasant surprise when the check comes, meals average about 30% less than I would expect to pay, and in a central campus location too!笑
Definitely one of the better options along green street. The lunch special rolls are by far the best deal. You get a big piece of naan filled with whatever you choose rolled up and served with pakora. I usually eat about half and finish the rest later. If you're vegan sometimes they will accommodate by using Roti instead of Naan.

The menu is on eatcu's website.笑
good ambiance for campus town. extremely attentive service. price is reasonable for what you get.

But i didn't leave this place feeling like I NEED to come back here again. The food was good, but it wasn't mind blowing. Maybe Indian/middle eastern food isn't exactly my food of choice. I'll probably come back here again and try something new (I got a chicken dish which was pretty good, but next time I'm going to try their curry dishes and their rolls). Anyway, this is a good addition to campus town. I liked it more than Bombay even though I believe they're owned by the same guy.笑
Definitely an OK deal for students.. My friends and I visited for dinner and it was 9.95 plus tax per person for blend, salty, and mediocre buffet style indian food. I'm sure they do other menu items too but I'm not sure I will visit another time to try them out.笑
The stars are for the chicken makhani roll special I had and the cheery order taker (sadly she is not also serving the food). Actually, the chicken makhani roll itself was substantial (and cheap--only $7.99!) so half was kept for leftovers. I kind of wish they would serve a half roll option for less cost because the food doesn't reheat well at all.

So why only two stars? They have the worst system of delivering food to tables that I have EVER witnessed. Rather than giving an order number (since they don't know what table you're at), they ask you to put the name of your entree on the table so they can identify who you are. This means that if there are three different tables all eating the same thing, then it doesn't matter if you ordered 10 minutes before someone else cuz if the server delivers to that table before yours they get to eat first. Which is exactly what happened to me and I think raises the question, "are you effing kidding me?"

So when the MANAGER/server (seriously) was walking around in circles trying to figure out whose table this meal went to, my friend and I waved him down since she had gotten her food about 5-10 minutes before I did and I was hungry. He put the food down and walked away but not before I could tell him his restaurant has a terrible system. Was that kind of a rude statement? Sure, but it's true, so I don't really care. Anyway, his response was mumbled and something to the effect of "yours needs to be cooked to order." Okay... so my friend's jalfreezie does not require cooking to order? That would explain why she thought her cheese tasted like chalk, at least. Someone was thinking on their feet.

If you're going to come here, I would suggest coming at an off hour, otherwise you have been warned. We ordered right before the lunch rush started but it doesn't matter a whole lot if the server doesn't give two craps about what order you showed up in and doesn't think his system is lacking.笑
Good food ... But priced a little higher for student crowd ...笑
The food was very good and the service was good too.  The only reason I only went there once is because I am a poor college student and the prices are a bit expensive.  The food is very similar to Bombay Grill (I've heard it's the same owners) but the prices were a little high for me.笑
Twice the charm for this place, the food selected was better. Except that the restaurant's identity is confused - formal setting, orders by menu and not on a board BUT they serve you with disposable plates etc. You have to get your own water too and do the clean up. The menu has so much selection that can result to confusion for those unfamiliar with it - need to trim it down to only the more tasty or popular dishes. This place is worth checking out.笑
Food was great. The server comes out cold but he is cool. We had lamb and chicken curry笑
One of my favorite Champaign restaurants. Excellent food. Menu is pretty extensive. The service and atmosphere is second to none. Every time I am in Champaign, I try and stop through.笑
The service is terrible. I waited 20 minutes for takeout, only to find out my order had been sitting on the counter ready to go for 10 of those minutes. When I got home we discovered that we didn't even get what we ordered (lamb makhani instead of a lamb makhani ROLL).

As for the food:
-Beef Khata Mitha Roll: This just means sweet and sour in Urdu, which it was. Supposedly it was also "spicy", which we couldn't detect. Pretty decent, anyways, except for the sad wilted lettuce on it. Came with a side of some soggy potato things that couldn't decide if they were pakore or french fries and some ketchup. I really wish it had been chutney instead of ketchup.
-Lamb Makhani: Blech. This wasn't very good. We threw most of it out. It had a certain air of having sat on a hotplate for a full day.

You know, I knew this was run by the same people who run Bombay Grill (which I do not care for), and yet I tried it anyways. Lesson learned, not going back.笑
Stopped in for the $8.99 lunch buffet.

I must say that I was expecting more Mediterranean food but this place is most certainly Indian food, at least from what we had.

They served fresh naan and had probably 3 chicken dishes, a couple of curries, some pankooras and rice pudding.

I did like the chicken in the really vibrantly red sauce and also the pankooras and rice pudding. Everything else was pretty mediocre, typical buffet quality food.

For $9 I was definitely filled up and the place is good if you'd like to try Indian food in a relaxed atmosphere.

Otherwise we were a little let down by the kabab house not having any actual kababs. We thought there would be a few other options, maybe a menu or something, but I guess not.

Oh well. It was fair, 3/5笑
Beautiful location-- 'specially for a Green Street establishment.  The restaurant is big, lots of seating, but with lunch/dinner rush, you'll have people lining up to the door while the one service counter handles everything-- orders, food, drink, etc.  There's no menu until you reach the counter (unless people cut the queue to get them, which isn't as much a taboo as it might sound).  

Everyone is exceptionally friendly.  The host is funny and the people that come to your table with the food are tremendously gracious.  Always willing to help.

Portions are IN-SANE.  Entrees are between $9 and $14, and I'll level with you-- this place is expensive for it's location (which probably helps steer the college kids away), but for what you get?  Two meals easily.  I'm not just saying that because I eat light.  For a light eater, you're probably looking at four.

The nan is fantastic.  It comes out hot and if you want it buttered or stuffed or just plain, it's _always_ good.  Their vegetarian dishes are superb.  Excellent use of spices in all save the rice (which is served with every dish).  The rice is a little bland, so if you're looking for all of that beautiful flavor that radiates from your dish to be there, it's not.  But that's more a delivery system, anyway.  And something a little blander with all that spice is probably a good idea.  Their kabobs are fantastic.  Huge and well seasoned.  Whether you get it wrapped in nan or in the platter (with salad!), you won't be disappointed.

I think their soft drinks are too small for the price, but they do offer the option of water, though (and good thing, too with their spicy menu)!  All in all I'm happy to go back!笑
The food was great, but not quite what I was expecting. Since the restaurant is a "kebab" house, I was expecting to find a döner kebab somewhere on the menu. Unfortunately there weren't any but the lamb kebab roll I ate was good enough. 

The naan bread was delicious, and so were the potato fries that came with it. The service was good, and I got my food pretty fast after I ordered. I liked that the food was easy to take home, but not so good as leftovers. 

Casablanca has a great location, and I will definitely be making a trip back.笑
Casablanca is a new Middle Eastern restaurant that has recently opened on U of I Campus. There are so many different ethnic restaurants to choose from on Green Street: Mexican, Japanese, Korean, Chinese, Thai, Indian, and American. I was excited to see a Middle Eastern restaurant added on our diverse plate. 

Casablanca is a kabob house, offering many different varieties of kebabs from the Middle East. Meat eaters and vegetarians are all welcome. The menu features dishes with variety of spices in categories of vegetarian, chicken, lamb, beef, goat, shrimp, and a variety of fish entrees. In addition, each entree comes with rice.  

More importantly, you can't forget the irresistible Indian bread, naan. Naan is an oven-bakes flatbread that generally resembles a pita bread. The price of naan ranges from $2.99 to $5, which isn't too bad. However, as a hungry-poor-college-kid-in-love-with-ethnic-cuisine, I wish they gave you a little bit more naan. It's always fun to dip the fluffy bread into the curry and eat it. 

My boyfriend and I ordered the lamb vendaloo (spicy curry with lamb and potatoes) and casablanca chicken masala. The casablanca chicken masala was the dinner special which was $7.99. However, the other entrees priced around $12.99 or more. 

I'm not very familiar with Middle Eastern cuisine, but I have grown to enjoy it. However, I thought the sauce on both entrees tasted the same, except the Chicken Masala had more vegetables added to it. It was good, but basically we had the same entree. I recommend ordering a kabob and a curry entree if you go with another person. Also don't forget the naan. :) 

Overall, the service was good and the food was good.笑
I was completely disappointed with my last visit to Casablanca. As soon as my group walked in, we were met by a waitress that did not smile or greet us but merely slapped a few menus on the table and walked away. She proceeded to be rude and inattentive for the entire dinner, spending more time on her cellphone then serving us. She even messed up on our check twice (and they were not split checks either). In addition to this, I thought the food was average at best. The chicken tikka masala was a bit sour and the portions could have been bigger. The only reason I am giving them two stars instead of one is because my previous experience with them was not nearly as bad.笑
I ordered the Paneer roll.  The food was decent but not spectacular by any means.  However, portion wise you do get your money's worth.  Not a place that I can see myself going to more than once a month.笑
I've been so excited to see this place open, and finally went in for lunch today.  I was anticipating a little more Middle Eastern options (as opposed to Indian), but considering the fact that it is owned by the same people who run Bombay Grill, that isn't too surprising-- and I still love Indian food!  I got the chicken kebab roll.  It was around $7, with a simple salad and pakora-battered potatoes (like REALLY good french fries).  The rolls were some of the cheaper items on the menu, and the rice/curries and more dinner-suitable dishes were a bit pricier, in the $12 range and up.  So probably a bit more than I'd be able to spend unless I am treating myself.  

But- even if the prices are a bit more than ideal, the portions are huge! I could easily get leftovers from anything on the menu, so overall the deal is very good.  And the food is delicious!

And to the reviewer who complained that their mango lassi has yogurt.... mango lassi's main ingredient IS yogurt! That's like complaining that your milkshake has dairy in it, kind of an obvious/uninformed remark to make.笑
Checked this place out for the first time today. Unlike some of the other reviewers, I entered with few expectations. And was more than pleased with what I found. 

As others have noted, the decor was nicer than expected and mos def on the high end for campus. Not spacious, but big enough. Also, the man taking orders was plenty friendly. My friend had lots of questions and he was happy to answer them.

Now to the grub. I ordered the Beef Kabob roll. It was wrapped in a beautiful sheet of naan. Yummy yummy bread. The beef was well seasoned and tender. Also, this meal included fries which were unique but quite tasty. Not super cheap at $7.99, but I would say you get your money's worth here.

All in all, this is a great addition to the campus restaurant lineup. I'll be back!笑
Casablanca is a decent spot to get relatively well-priced lunch.  The kebab specials are great as they come mercifully packed with naan.  Sweet, wonderful naan.  The ambiance is nothing extraordinary, but the staff are friendly, the food is tasty and freshly and quickly sent to you.  It's well worth adding to your meal rotation.笑
Food is decent, there are better Indian places around. No waiter service at lunch, and the guy at the counter was quite possibly higher than a kite the last time I was there. My roll was quite large, but my bf wasn't as 
impressed with his food. I had a similar experience as A.W. with the service, people working there always seem confused and the food comes out in an odd way.笑
Good food. Too pricey for a college town. They serve halal chicken if you wish though which is great!笑
like a previous post, i was told i couldn't have curry vegetables, because it would take too long.

i was wanting something vegan, without onions.  so, what i ended up with, was...  a little bowl of chickpeas in a really, really salty sauce.  for which i paid about $10.00.

the food aside...  the restaurant is very pretty.笑
A large group of friends came here for dinner on a Friday night before 6 and found the place deserted. Service is slow and can be confusing, but they were happy to do 9(!) separate checks with most of us paying by credit. Some people ordered rolls and others kababs; the portions were equally large, which means the rolls are a much better deal price-wise. The food was fine--a solid 3 stars' worth--but I'm giving an extra star just for the fries that came with the rolls, particularly the SAUCE on the side. It tastes like spicy ketchup, which combined with pretty decent thick-ish fries, makes for an addictive meal. I would come here again just for the naan and fries.笑
why 3 stars you ask ??? it's not my fault that yelp equates 3 stars with 'A-OK' and 4 with 'Yay I'm a fan !'. 

so, A-ok, it is.

The food is pretty good, actually it's better than bombay, but it's also more expensive. So, if you're not a student and want to avoid the college crowd ( cuz you can't help being an arrogant, pompous, prius-ownin, always-bitchin, never-workin, thinkin-you're-better-cuz-you're-twenty seven-years-old ladette) this is where you wanna come if you're craving some curry.

For the students who come here - you better hope you have a date to impress or at least it's your birthday.笑
I came here on Sunday and decided to try out their buffet, which is $9.99 per person. They serve rice, naan, a few main dishes and dessert. It was a very good selection for me! I have not tried many Indian dishes, but I would recommend this place if you want try Indian food. It's not too expensive and you can eat as much as you want. I would also recommend trying their rice pudding!笑
Got to try out some of the curry here. The place is fairly nice and the food is alright. My meal came out to $10.笑
The servers were friendly and the salad was nice and big. However, I didn't go to a kabab house for a salad. The beef kababs were dry and tasted over-cooked. The Lamb Kadai which the menu said had ginger and green chiles. If a green pepper is a "green chile" then I guess that counts but I expected a bit more kick. I also was unable to identify any ginger in the entire dish and the lamb taste overdone. 

Not worth repeating.笑
Kind of a different place for where it's situated. You have the lunch atmosphere is pretty typical, then it get's quite a bit nicer during dinner time. Still not 'fancy' by any means, but respectable.
Although it's called Casablanca, it's really more of a mix of levantine food and Indian food, which is a pretty great combination. 
The kebabs and various sandwhiches are all great, and the dinner-fare is also on the same level - the curries are the best I've had in town, surprisingly. The fries are, as many other reviews mention, pretty great, and the naan and sauces and chutneys that come with meals are always good.
The prices are a little steep, especially at dinner, but it follows the sort of atmosphere it's going for.
I've always had really great service here - free food thrown in once or twice, attentive waiter, and quick food. Definitely one of the better choices on that strip on Green street.笑
I went there with my girlfriend a few weeks ago for lunch and we both love their lamb dishes. I think the portions are great and the price is reasonable. It is a welcome change from the subway,chipotle, pizza hut, and chinese food that populate Green street.笑
I went here last night with a couple of friends of mine. The decor is very fancy for being so close to the Quad. The service was great... the owner was there to explain the dishes to us and help out in picking a variety of dishes. My water was being refilled after only a sip or two, which isn't really a good or bad thing. They have that same yellow rice as Bombay. They don't give much rice with the curries so I think a higher quality brown rice would be more appropriate for the prices. Overall I though it was just okay, and very much like Bombay (same owner). I had the impression that it was very middle eastern but I found no falafel, hummus, or tabouleh to eat. The menu is centered around kebabs and indian food.

I tried a variety of dishes including both curries and kebabs. I had the Lamb Makhani which was fantastic. The sauce was delicious and the lamb was cooked just right. The portion size was ideal but at about $14, it could have been cheaper. I can probably go to Bombay and get the exact same thing for a couple dollars less. The other curry that I tried was the Chicken Vendaloo. This is in the same spice family as the Makhani and is also tomato based. It had potatoes and more of a kick to it though. The chicken was tender and overall the dish was enjoyable.  I tasted two kebabs. The beef one I had, unfortunately, was tough and overcooked. The char on it from the tandoor made it quite pleasing to my taste buds. There was also a ground chicken kebab on the table which was rather dry and not very flavorful. The naan was delicious and one order kept 4 of us happy.

I'm not itching to go back, but I would go in the future to maybe try something more middle eastern, and possibly get a dessert.笑
I was intrigued by the $9.99 buffet and stopped by for lunch. There were about 6 different dishes including chicken kabobs, a couple different chicken curries, and a cauliflower dish. There were also two different dessert soups (one was like tapioca or rice pudding). I was expecting the restaurant to serve more kabobs, which was a let down. The food was mediocre.笑
Went here a couple days ago with some friends.  When we got there it was busy so the five of us had to squeeze into a 4 top instead.  The menu was extensive, and service was pretty attentive.  I ended up getting the lamb chops, which were pretty good.   I tried a bit of my friend's fish curry, and I liked that as well.  I ended up spending 20 dollars after tip.  In my opinion for the amount of food, it was a bit on the pricey side.  Overall, a nice new addition to the slew of restaurants already on Green Street.笑
I stopped by for lunch on a Wednesday during the summer. Campus is fairly empty, but Casablanca was still pretty busy. I ordered the lamb makhani roll to go with a bottle of diet Pepsi. The total was nearly $12 (the roll was $8.99 on its own), so lunch isn't cheap.

The roll was made up of a large piece of freshly made naan filled with grilled lamb chunks (perhaps 5), a creamy sauce that had some heat, grilled onions and green peppers, also chunked, and lettuce. The lamb did not have any particular flavor (it could have been almost any kind of red meat), the sauce had no spicing except for the heat, and the green peppers were cut too large and undercooked. The lettuce had gone limp with heat and added nothing to the flavor; it detracted from texture. The naan was decent (chewy, warm), but had little flavor. 

A really good piece of naan should have a smoky / toasted flavor on the outside while remaining soft and chewy on the inside. A really good makhani begins with meat marinated overnight in yoghurt  and a harmonious blend of spices and aromatics that can include Garam Masala, ginger, garlic paste, lemon or lime, pepper, coriander, cumin, turmeric.This tenderizes the meat and infuses it with flavor -- I would bet my bottom dollar that was not done here. At least the sauce resembled its traditional base of tomato puree, ghee, and yoghurt. 

The small order of fries that came with the roll was good -- flavorful and crispy. 

I waited around 20 minutes for the carry out. The gentleman taking the orders was abrupt through most of our interactions. For example, he ordered me to sit down because, he said, "it's going to take a long time." Way to sell the experience. But I could give these things a pass if the food were good. It was filling. But it was not good.笑
Super tasty!  The Naan itself is worth a trip to this place for lunch or dinner.  The rolls are super filling and now they come with these awesome tempura fries!  If you choose rice instead of naan to accompany the entrees, the portion is rice is HUGE so be prepared.  Lunch gets busy and this place is kind of small so it's sometimes hard to find a seat.  And when it's crowded, it can be a little confusing for the server to find your table to deliver food to you, as someone else said, the system for order delivery is not exactly the most effective.  But the tasty tandoor-made breads makes up for it!笑
(+) lunch menu is a good deal, can accommodate larger groups, cheap samosa, good saag, very good naans (especially the filled ones)

(-) too salty and fatty, red sauce to ketchuppy, personal not very nice, meals not from the lunch menu quite expensive笑
We had a lunch roll (like a wrap with naan) and a chicken kebab and everything was delicious! The service was fast - based on the other reviews we were skeptical but the food arrived within 10 minutes (Saturday afternoon, a little past the normal lunch hour).