Ive been to several of the locations throughout the valley and this is one of the best ones.  Ive been to one that is not nearly as friendly and overall stingy and this is not the case here.  I'm a garlic lover, unashamedly so... I do have a lot breath mints so have no fear!  I say that because the garlic dip is amazing and has been for years.  A side of chicken wrapped in a pita smothered in the garlic dip is bliss.  Great food and a clean/efficient space.笑
SHORT AND SWEET! I REALLY LIKE THIS PLACE. 
Great food, and very Healthy. I eat here 2 days a week.笑
Pita Jungle=Great Success!

Love coming here, I haven't done breakfast yet but it's still on the to do list.  Today I had lunch with the family and ooo we love to go here, healthy, fun and upbeat atmosphere. Started of with their amazing iced tea-great as an arnold palmer- :) and then snacked on some jalapeno/cilantro hummus with their fresh and delicious pita bread.  I ordered my usual...the broiled chicken salad.  SOOOO yummy, full of flavor and oh so freakin' good for you-I swear!!  My brother had the spicky chicken something-looked like a giant burrito you could eat for days and was a whopping $8.50 As for mom she had a pesto chicken pizza-smaller so it's perfect for one person to share, if there are two of you plan on an appetizer or salad to share.  Daddio had something a little whacky, I forget the name but it was on the appetizer part of the menu and is really healthy for us to eat.  They looked like green leafs filled with rice and other veggies served cold and covered in an EVOO.  so good and it was $54.68 for us to have lunch (plus tip) and our server was great as well.  MUST go if you haven't been, it can get busy but don't let that get in the way :)笑
Alright, just to set the record, I gave this place 5 chances to make me not do this, and everytime that I went, I was dissapointed.  I wasn't even dissapointed by the same thing evertime I went either.  It was always something different.

1st visit: I walked in, and then was ignored by the "hostess" while she was on her cell phone on a "personal" call.  The server brought me the wrong drink (lemonade, not ice tea?! -.- seriously...)  Even after I asked for the right drink, it never came, so I gave up.  The philly steak pita is not so great.  Very bland.  Service was just jacked up.

2nd visit: Didn't get service until 23 minutes after being sat.  Trust me, I timed it.  Server didn't even apologize or even point out that we had been sitting there for quite some time.  Plus, it wasn't busy.  After the food was ordered, I never saw my server until the bill.  Brought us the wrong bill...so we had to wait another 15 minutes before we could pay...and then another 15 minutes till we got the right bill.  ARGH!!

3rd visit: Ordered the salmon salad, got the salmon entree instead.  Told the server, and the server stood in front of me and argued with me about what I had ordered.  Pretty much said to my face that I was lying.  No tip, FTW!

4th visit: Sat and watched my server (while our drinks were empty) stand behind the bar and chat it up with a couple of coworkers, while our food was dying in the kitchen window (you can see where the servers pick up the food from the kitchen from where you are sitting)  Estimated time in the window...14 minutes.  WHOOOO!! -.-

5th Visit: This time I decided to skip the service and do a to-go.  So I call ahead...get there 15 minutes later...go up to the bar, and tell the lady..."I'm here to pick up a to-go order under the name of Rebecca."  She looks at me dumb founded and then quickly goes to her computer and says "Oh right, what did you want again?"  Starts putting in my order as I'm standing there.  (Now what was the point in calling ahead?) Then I ask her, "are you putting in my order right now?" she says, "Uh It's okay, It'll only take like 10 minutes." -.- yeah mmhmm...I watched my food sit in the window of the kitchen...for about 10 minutes.  Then some other server packed it up and put it behind the bar, and watched it sit there for another 15 minutes.  I didn't get my food until some old guy at the bar pointed out to the bartender that I had been waiting for quite sometime for my food.  So all in all, I waited for almost an hour to get my food.  With no apology from the dumb bartender.

So! My final statement here! If you have good luck, by all means run over to pita, and maybe you'll have a good experience, but as for me, you won't see me there ever again =]

oh btw, I had both the salmon salad and the salmon entree and both are pretty good, only if you're crazy craving salmon =]  good portion and pretty good sides that come with the entree.笑
Be honest.
How many times a day do you check yourself out in the mirror? 
A bunch?
I know, me too.
Sort of. Well...not really, but I do look for my reflection a lot In all sorts of things. 
Like the toaster. 
Or my computer screen when it's black, and almost always my car...its windows as I'm getting in, and the rear view while when I'm driving.

Well if you like checking yourself out too, a lot, have I got a hot tip for you!
Pita Jungle.

The food here is great. 
Let's see, you need to order something...yeah, just get the cilantro-jalapeno hummus for an appy, and the lavosh pizza with chicken as your entree. 

There, now that that's out of the way, check out that mirror on the north wall spanning the entire room. Glorious isn't it.
And there you are. Is this not the shit???

You, in all your glory, sitting there facing the mirror and talking to your bottle of Coors light as anyone who tries to furtively check-out your backside is busted by your mirror glancing skills.

You'll delight when your order arrives, as you can now watch yourself eat, drink, and steal wayward glances at all the weird people in this place who ARE NOT looking in the mirror at themselves.

I also recommend the Coors light.
Not too hoppy or bitter with just the right amount of alcohol. They serve it in a brown bottle with a cute blue label indicating it's cold.  Just precious.笑
This was only the second time I have ever been to this place and it was really good both time. This last time my server Adam was on top of everything. I never had to ask for him to refill my water. The appetizers and food came out very quickly and everything was delicious. I will come back any time.笑
The hummus was amazing! Our server Jen was very professional and fulfilled all of our needs. Quick service, great food and great people. I will definitely be back!!笑
There's a pita Jungle by my office in Mesa on Southern that is better, I'd say, as is the one on 40th str and Indian School. I always get a trio of hummus, usually roasted red pepper, cilantro jalapeno, and garlic dip (sometimes baba ganoush).
Their garlic dip at the Desert Ridge location is a little less garlicky than it should be and the cilantro jalapeno hummus isn't spicy at all (I've found the Ray Rd location has the spiciest!)
I had the tropical tuna salad, and the dressing was delish! Tuna was cooked well ("seared" as they say). The bf had the black bean burger, which he loved, though I thought the burger itself was a bit wet, in a water-y, not a sauce-y kind of way...

The roasted Red pepper hummus was very good though, better than I remember.
The margarita was not half bad, and only $1.99, (also house wines, and draft beers) which I don't remember their drinks being that cheap.

Fortunately, I'm not at DR very often.笑
I have been dying to try Pita Jungle since I have had a handful of friends tell me how good/healthy this place was. Last night, I finally made a stop there for dinner. I had just finished my zumba class & was extremely tired/sweaty so I opted to take our meals to go.

I looked over the menu a bit before giving my order to the sweet girl working the bar. I decided on: a large order of hummus with 2 extra pitas, spinach pasta salad, pita pizza & a small order of the garlic new potatoes. Their hummus is AMAZING!! Their pita bread is yummy & pretty big pieces. The spinach pasta salad was a lot more pasta than spinach but I liked it. The portion was HUGE, could easily feed me for 3 more lunches/dinners. The pita pizza was ok, very tiny! The garlic new potatoes were delish, I loved the seasonings. 

Overall, I really liked it here & would love to come back & actually sit down & eat there.The entire dining/bar area & outside patio was PACKED & it was only Monday night. Can't imgaine how busy it gets on a weekend!笑
I'm a huge fan of Greek food. I love me some hummus and Pita Jungle has good food but I feel for the price the quantity just doesn't match up. Giving us two pita's (which costs pennies) for a full tray of dips just comes off real stingy. 
They do have good food, though.笑
Pita Jungle is a popular lunch place in the area and parking can be an issue.  The décor is sleek with loud music playing in the background. The menu has a great selection of items to choose from.  We had two different hummus, roasted bell pepper and cilantro jalapeno.  I really like the cilantro jalapeno, it was creamy with a bit of a kick to it. The Mediterranean chicken salad was delicious, the cubed chicken in the salad was a little warm which I loved.  The portions are huge. 
The server was fast and friendly.笑
I was in at the Desert Ridge location on Thursday, September 3 for lunch. The food was great! Our service was great as always! The manager came over more than once to check on us and be sure we had everything we needed. I highly recommend Pita Jungle to others!!笑
Excellent.  Worth all the hype. Get the cilantro hummus and the baklava. You will not regret it.  Everything is pretty fresh and tasty.笑
I love this place..something for everyone. For Garlic Lovers - the garlic dip will NOT disappoint. You will ward off all vamps guaranteed. Philly cheesesteak/chicken lovers...unforgettable. Lemon chicken salad amazing (HUGE grilled  chicken strips), tuna pizza..odd maybe..but delicious all the same. Need I go on? .the only thing i didn't care for was the veggie burger oddly enough. For an exceptional veggie burger I would steer you towards Four Peaks Brewery. But other than that they are spot on everytime all the time. Can't go wrong!笑
This place is always good. Never had a bad meal yet. I started going there at the Tempe location many years ago. This location is nice and right by the house. Love the Philly Steak pita, Gyro pita, all the types of humus. Food is good and healthy. Always busy and can get a bit noisy during heavy eating hours. Quick service and great tunes. Yummy!

You can listen to their music feed here. http://www.pitajungle.com/music-player/笑
I'm not sure I love this place as much as my wife but I do have to say it was really good food when we went the other day. Really busy when we were there but actually was kinda cool. We ended up sitting right next to @jenn_ex and her family so it was cool to chat with them and the others around us. Everyone seemed to be having a great time and we all just loved our food. My wife, Michelle said (5 times) "I could drink this hummus" so I suggest you order the hummus sampler appetizer. :)笑
If you're looking for a healthier alternative in Desert Ridge, Pita Jungle is definitely your place.  They have a lot of great options - I recently had the Spicy Chicken Pita which was awesome.

3 stars is due to the service - over the last few months, it is truly hit or miss.  Sometimes you get a great server while other times you only see them for the drink & food order, and then to give you your bill.笑
I have been to this restaurant three times. Each time I get the same thing: Red Quinoa Salad over Cilantro Jalapeño Hummus. It's really good. Today though, the arugula was dead/yellow/lifeless and the salad was SATURATED with the vinaigrette dressing. Almost inedible. As a note to the kitchen: please make an effort to be consistent. Quality control!
With that said I have to mention the kids meals are awesome. Great big portions and healthy. 
I will come back. I spotted some other amazing dishes at nearby tables. I'll have to change it up next time!笑
I've been coming to Pita jungle at Desert Ridge for about a year and every time we have dinner here we request Jen Allan as our server. She is amazing with kids, great customer service. She remembers everything what you like and what you don't like highly recommend this place.笑
Pita jungle is one of those special restaurants that make me feel great once I walk in. Instead of all the employees wearing a company outfit, they rather wear everyday clothes which I feel makes it feel less corporate and more relaxing and enjoyable. Not to mention all the servers have a great personality. Moving on, the food is incredible, they have food that everyone will atleast like one of the many choices. I truly recommend this place for not only the service, food, but also the prices, its very reasonable for everything you pay for.笑
I like the ambiance of Pita Jungle.  It's a nice casual restaurant with faux healthy food.

Usually I eat their grilled chicken and humus.  Get it with the cucumber, tomato and a combination of their three humus.  Pretty tasty humus.  Today I tried the Kafta pizza.  It looked interesting - spicy beef, jalapeno, tomato, onions, pine nuts.  I should have stayed with the chicken and humus.  The Kafta pizza was a greasy mess with non-spicy beef and the jalapeno were nowhere to be found.笑
The lentil soup here are the best in  town and I come just for that . M sure the food here is good and healthy cuz it's always crowded when I come over . Great place for healthy eating !笑
Tasty food, best hummus ever, great service, modern deco (but a bit loud of an atmosphere) and great value! 

Hubby and I ordered:
Steak and hummus trio (u can pick any three off the menu) - I really like the plain hummus (had a yummy smokey flavor) and roasted bell pepper. 
Kafta pizza - thin crust and generous w the meat topping
Shawarma pita - most popularly ordered item. Juicy chicken breast!

Bill came out to $28 and we had leftovers due to the large portions!笑
Great Salmon Burger and Potatoes. Amazing strawberry smoothie too.. ! Love it笑
Woah! What the f*&^ happened to Pita Jungle?! When I first hit this new location I was worried, something is going to happen, and it's not going to be good. Service down the drain? Higher food prices? Different menu? 

So far so good, although the decor has changed and the clientele is slightly different from other locations. You don't get that hippie, earthy, organic vibe at this new location. The decor is modern, they have a bar, it has high ceilings and lots of dining space - all these things are different from pretty much every other PJ location. I like it and I hate it at the same time, partly because lunchtime at this location its full of wannabe Scottsdale mommies "eating healthy" and drinking at noon(nothing again drinking at noon). It's really about the food though and that has not changed.

You still get large portions for a great price, the menu is the same. Service is quick, not that same hippiesque, brotherly friendly service at other locations but it's still not bad.

The Jalapeno-Cilantro hummus is still the best. The 1000 bean pita is huge and for less then $7 - you can't beat that. The hot veggie pita is great and on my last trip I had the macro platter which was excellent. 

I hit this location because it is closer to my workplace now but I still like experiencing how PJ got started and hitting the original Tempe location or even the Shea/Scottsdale locale. The great thing is that all have consistently good food, portions and prices.笑
Food was fresh and delivery was prompt delivery. We were not totally impressed with the flavors by not being as savory as we like. We probably won't order again but this decision is based on our taste not the quality of their food.笑
Stop into Pita Jungle afyer leaving MIM. Ordered the curry chicken salas and a kiwi strawberry green tea. The salad was delicious seasoned just right and uou get plenty. I had to get a carryout. There is such a variety to choose from. It can get noisy because everything is open...  but food was delicious.very healthy...thats what i love the most.笑
We live nearby and have been here many times. The food is usually good, but as you can see from the reviews here on Yelp, this location has issues with customer service. Usually the staff is polite, just a little slow.

This was not the case last night on 4/23. We sat down at the bar around 6:45pm. There was a blonde female working the bar. I think her name was DeeDee. She never once acknowledged us. Not even a simple greeting. One of the managers saw us and got our drink order. We continued to sit at the bar for another 10 minutes while being completely ignored by DeeDee.

Eventually some other person (maybe another bartender or waitress?) took our order. She was nice.

To Pita Jungle, I'd like to say that you should carefully pick who you let serve your customers. DeeDee makes it hard for me to want to come back. To DeeDee, I'd like to say that if you don't like people, get out of the customer service industry, or seek help from your peers to learn how to treat people.笑
Welcome to the Pita Jungle we got hummus and drinks -
We got everything on the menu that you want, pita we know the names
We are the restaurants that you find, whatever you may eat
If you got the money, honey we are here to please (your palates!)

I likes me some Sirloin and Hummus please!  Love to come here for lunch.  It's a tad bit on the heavy side, but I didn't tell anyone to eat the entire meal!  I always eat about 50% of the hummus.  Stuffing my face any more and I would be a glutton and I'm anything but.  Their wraps are excellent, but again take it easy cowboy.  If you can't or don't want to finish it all take home for a 2nd meal.  I recommend the Sirloin and Hummus for lunch for sure, but their variety of Pita sandwiches are just as good.  They salads are huge, but definitely worth it and on the healthier side too.

The service here is always tops, and hots, wink wink! :)  Overall, I like the ambience of this particular Pita Jungle.  Very modern and sleek with an industrial look.  I totally recommend a stop by if you're ever on the North side of town! - Enjoy!笑
In my opinion sitting at the bar is the best! The staff is fun and friendly and it's pretty entertaining. I have literally never had anything here I didn't like. My Husband loves it too and it's the best because we can eat healthy and not feel like we are sacrificing flavor or fun eating.笑
I like this place but it is really nothing special. Everything I have had was good but not great. The 4th star was for price. It is reasonable for what you get. 

I like the hummus trio and the chicken gyro.笑
I always order the hummus sampler, which comes with of course traditional hummus, roasted bell pepper hummus and cilantro jalapeno hummus,  extra pita bread and a side order of cucumbers.

I love their curry chicken salad with extra caramelized onions.  I order the same thing every time that I haven't had a chance to try anything else.  More reason to return.  :)  It sounds like a a lot of food and I usually share this between 2 people easily.  It's a satisfying amount without feeling stuffed.

My only complaint is that the staff should have a dress code.  I understand it is very casual, however, I don't care to see the person taking my order with a backless shirt or extremely short shorts.   The staff has always been very nice and helpful but for the dress code alone I can only provide 4 stars.笑
Super delicious!  The hummus trio w/grilled chicken is amazing.  You could actually have it as a main course with some cucumber slices!

The chicken curry salad that they often have as a special is fantastic.

The falafel platter is excellent.

Their kids meals are well-rounded and tasty...and they provide plenty of crayons for their kids' placemats which have lots of activities to help pass the time before the food arrives.

This place is so good.  Healthy and delicious.  Go.笑
Great food, awesome chicken masala!! Love it all. 

One thing I don't get is why the girls who work there dress like they do!? Tight outfits and they all have that "i'm too good for you" attitude.

Other than that, food is delish!笑
The food is good! The pita's are a little harder then other Greek places, I really like the mahi mahi with chips! the hummus is very good. this location in particular is really slow. If you order to pick up give your self some time to wait.笑
Doesn't really matter which location you go to.  Nothing fancy as far as decor but the food is good healthy, and not overpriced.  The one in Tucson just as good.  If you like pizza but find that Pizza Hut fast food to  have too much fat & grease, this is the place to get a healthy good tasting pizza instead.笑
Awesome food. Best hummus. Accidentally I forgot my cel phone here after having dinner. The staff is very cooperative. They kept my phone until I arrived.  Best staff and best food. Worth a try:)笑
Horrible service. Manager was very unprofessional when we asked for help. This must be under new ownership.笑
I est at Pita often. Some great options are their various salads, pitas, and wraps. The whole menu rocks in general!笑
Food is amazing. The Mediterranean chicken Shwarma is delicious. The plate runner didn't ask if we needed anything else so I had to go to the bar to ask for some Siracha sauce. I must've been talking to the owner or manager because he came over asked if there was anything else we needed and brought us some free drinks. Pita jungle is awesome!笑
Great hummus! The chicken and hummus is my favorite! 
Service is pretty good and prices are slightly high.笑
This was a refreshing delicious lunch. The only reason I'm giving them 4 and not 5 stars is I ordered their fresh lemonade, and they didn't tell me it was guava lemonade. I love guava but this lemonade tasted alcoholic:(. Their fattoush salad was amazing, it was the perfect combination of seasonings and lemon. I would definitely eat here again minus the Lemonade.笑
just around $6 for a philly cheese steak pita.  and it was huge.  in another city, i wouldn't rate this place 5 stars, but in this city, it's the best!笑
Ok, here it is my updated review of this Pita Jungle. I love this place. Other than their rocky start they have done a great job. The food here is great, service is great and I never have to wait too long for my order. 

I have been to this location so many times I think they are getting sick of me. Ha, I love this place, the spicy chicken wrap, the Philly chicken pita are awesome and addicting. 

I love that they take the time to learn my name since they see me so often and make conversation and make sure I always am taken care of. Great service and food!笑
We LOVE the gyro, the hummus, lavosh, and the lentil fetoush salad is to die for! You can't go wrong at pita jungle! Yummy food, great healthy options and friendly staff!笑
I love this place and for those wondering.....no, it's not only pita's :)
My fave is the hummus with chicken and toasted pine nuts. Very very good.
Can't go wrong at Pita Jungle.  It's good food, a lot of vegetarian dishes, however there are some very excellent meat plates as well.笑
I have never been disapppointed with anything I have gotten here. My favorite is the hummus trio with chicken. I ask for cucumbers instead of pita. Yum.笑
Dined here for the first time tonight. The food was..A-OK! Certainly not authentic Mediterranean food but I don't think it is trying to be. The first thing we noticed when we walked in was the loudness.  Way. Too. Damn. Loud. From an acoustician's standpoint, all the hard surfaces and the cavernous dining room make for a very loud joint. This is a big minus in my book.

On to the food!  We ordered the beef gyro sandwich.  Very average but tasty nonetheless. Checked out the lentils and rice salad served warm over a bed of lettuce and veggies with dressing. Sadly, this was a bit of a miss for me. The rice was quite mushy and just didn't stand up to the heft of the lentils. The taste itself was quite fine but I couldn't get past the texture. Also, if you order this dish, know that the grain/legume level far outweighs the veggies. A huge portion (which is great for the pocketbook) but beware if you're watching carbs. The salad below was actually refreshing but all in all, the dish just wasn't for me. 

Also had the dolmades which were quite nice served cold (albeit a little overstuffed for my liking).  Our server was very good, very accommodating with special requests.  Service was a bright spot for sure.

Without a doubt, while I didn't LOVE the food here, it was tasty enough for me to come back again and give it another try!笑
If it weren't for the bartender, this place may cease to exist and would get zero stars. I stood at the host stand for approximately 5 minutes (8pm on a thurs) and no one ever came to seat me, let alone greet me! Blessing in disguise really since the gentleman at the bar was the only person working that I could tell. Correction: all the other employees were sitting at the end of the bar doing their side work and sitting on their phones. Which would explain why I wasn't seated. 

I did notice the manager walking around (I think was the manager) doing all of nothing. In short, terrible customer service with the exception of the bartender. 

Food took forever to come but once it arrived we had no real complaints. Salad was underdressed but overall good as was my GF's meal. 

All in all, we were saddened that this location is so poor as the others in the valley I've been to have been outstanding. We love the healthier options PJ provides but sadly the other deficiencies far outweigh our desire to return to this one. If only they could hit the reset button here....笑
Been to this location and the Scottsdale location many times. Great happy hour. Only problem, when at dinner one night my friend found a black bug in her water. Let the server know and she didn't act shocked at all. Makes me wonder why.笑
Awesome hummus.  The place is always a little busy but it's worth the wait.  The food is good and the prices are fair.  I highly suggest the chicken schawarma and any hummus.笑
By far one of my favorite restaurants and "go to" staples if I dont feel like cooking during the week. Also great to-go!! We love the lavosh wraps, salads (esp. with the lemon vinagrette dressing) and hummus is delicious! Would definitely recommend. Also have great drink specials at this location.笑
Best chicken and hummus
Love the Arnold palmers 
They know how to cook their chicken
Favorites include: chicken and hummus, medchiladia, wood-fired salmon salad, glazed-chicken pizza, pesto pizza, spicy chicken pita (ask for it in a bowl instead), Greek salad, lentil soup, turkey pesto lavosh wrap ( substitute chicken instead of turkey), and grilled vegetable salad. 
Tempe location has a great breakfast too.笑
Have been to many Pita Jungle locations, but I go to this one the most. I like the layout of this location the best. It is pretty open and spacious which I like. I have never had an issue with the service here, it has always been fine by me.

The food here is excellent though. My #1 favorite thing on the menu is the Lentil Fetoosh Salad. It is massive, and I love the crunchy pieces of pita throughout the salad. It is very flavorful and filling, definitely something to order if you are hungry. The hummus is excellent as well, I like to get a trio to have a little of everything. Their blue corn nachos are absolutely fantastic as well. I have also tried the falafel pita, but prefer the other things I've tried over that.

Been back many times and will be back again!笑
Great service! My server gave me recommendations and they were delicious. I had the strawberry kiwi green tea and blue corn nachos. 

The only change I would make is the dipping sauce is served in the same container as the Pico which blended awkwardly. I suggest you ask for the sauces to be served separately.笑
I love Pita Jungle and am very loyal but this is not the location for me. Too busy and no matter how hard they tried , there were too many people to allow for quality customer service. Food was excellent as always!笑
We come here 2-3 times a month and have yet to have bad service or a bad meal. We like the bar and most of our service has been from the bartenders. Pita jungle has the best hummus and pita we have had in AZ and the grilled chicken is very good. Bartenders mix drinks well and are friendly. Vegetarian or not they have a great selection for you and your plant and bean eating friends. 

We have never done take out so I cannot comment on how good it is but it seems very popular as it fly's out the door all day / night. I'm not sure who does the hiring but they do hire attractive women so its a nice bonus if that matters on where you choose to eat :) extra star for the hiring.笑
What a bummer.   Have been going to this Pita Jungle on occasion for quite some time, but it seems it's going through a rough stretch or something (new management?).

Ordered take-out (just a couple different hummus+chicken, a chicken/pasta salad, some pita, and an order of baklava for dessert).   Told it would be about 20 minutes...  oops...

Long story short, just under an hour later, we got our order (quite troubling for a place that does - or at least used to do - such a brisk takeout business).  I suppose the exasperation of waiting so long and watching people torch the poor server manning the bar/takeout station was distracting, and we forgot to check our bag.   Well, turns out the order was light one dessert... no baklava - double bummer.

To add insult to injury, the hummus was badly over-seasoned... It was edible, but ya know, Pita Jungle is one of those places that kinda tastes/feels healthy (in a good way), so it's real downer when you feel like you're eating bar food at an Applebee's from all the salt.

With the exception of the vastly over-matched server desperately trying to wish some speed into the kitchen, this was a total disappointment - but one extra star for effort there.

55+ minutes for our takeout order (w/ nothing outside of grilled chicken that actually had to be cooked).  Others waited longer!  There were people straight-up yelling at the poor server.  Yet there was no sign of a manager coming out to at least acknowledge the problem or make the slightest attempt at making things right.  Not much help from other servers either (on a not-too-busy night) - though, I'm not sure what all they could've done other than serve as canon fodder.

We'll definitely be taking a break from this particular Pita Jungle for a while.笑
5 stars for catering!!! I was a little hesitant on getting Pita Jungle for a catered corporate event... They blew it outta the water though, all the platters looked elegant.  The staff was absolutely top notch and went above and beyond.  Kudos Pita Jungle for having amazing staff!!!! Makes all the difference in coming back.  Thank you!!!笑
Good place for lunch, very quick service and very tasty food.
Ordered one of the shawarma's and it was very tasty, a little noisy though笑
Waitstaff completely ignored us after being seated on the patio.  After asking the clueless hostess if she could find a manager she told us that she could not find him anywhere.  We ended up leaving the restaurant.  This used to be a go-to location, but we will not be visiting here again.笑
I've eaten at this location several times and always had a great experience.  The servers are prompt and friendly, food is always great (and served at the correct temperatures) and the restaurant is clean.  I recently used them to cater a small party at my house and was very impressed.  The food was great and they packaged everything to make it easier for me to re-platter.  The serving sizes were generous and everything tasted amazing.  Will definitely use their catering services again.笑
This was my first visit to this location.  It has a great contemporary look.  The bar area is good sized and a great place to eat.  All the servers were very nice and very attractive!

My chicken tikka masala was delicious and I'll definitely be back!笑
Very bad customer service. We went in at lunch time and the service was horrible and the food was even worse. I will not be back pita jungle.笑
Been here 3 times! Love it more and more every time! Hummus! I now drive up Tatum in traffic just to get the Hummus! Jalapeño and Cilantro Hummus! Oh boy now I am craving it again. I will do take out for the Hummus. A creative and delicious menu. Wraps are really good. The place is a tad noisy so I enjoy take out. Full bar. Waiters are pleasant. Priced well and delicious. Everyone should try this place out. Oh get the Hummus!笑
I can understand some of the reviews. Had lunch here today with my wife and in-laws. The worse service ever. We ordered appetizers and never got them.  We also waited 15 min for our refills. My wife loves the one in Tempe. This one can take some hints from it. 
2-stars cause the food was at least good when we did get it!笑
Horrible service! My wife and I got the same thing (beef gyro) and her's came out 20 minutes before mine. I ended up having to get mine to go because my 2 year old was at his sitting-still limit and they didn't even offer an apology.  Also, we were never asked if we wanted a second drink.笑
Please note this is specific to the Tatum location only - Be careful when ordering out .. Pita comes cold from a bag and not toasty warm like they serve u in the restaurant. You will need to ask to toast the pita or take it home and warm it your way. Giving 3 stars for my experience today with white undercooked pita.笑
STELLAR Happy Hour Prices.......

More $2.00 food options than I have ever seen!

Martinis might have been $3.00? I forget....  But it wasn't crappy well liquor either!

Tons of outdoor seating - but like most PHX restaurants - the views were of the parking lot - as well as Desert Ridge.

Tons of indoor seating as well.  "Acoustics" not so great - but I dont see it intende to be a romance destination.笑
You've got to try their bell peper hummus!!!  I get it to go about once a week. 
Also if you're on a budget, get a chicken wrap from their kids menu. Pleanty of food (comes with grilled veggies and a drink) for only 5 bucks!笑
Love Pita Jungle.  Everything on the menu delivers and the atmosphere is great.  Try the hummus with broiled chicken or the glazed chicken lavosh pizza.  Both are consitent hits.  

The casual atmosphere fits for visits with friends, dinner with the family, or a business meeting.笑
I love love this place. The menu is exceptionally unique for this part of the country and their prices can't be beat. Seriously. You can spend $10 - $15 on a fulfilling lunch and still need a to-go box. I've been here dozens of times and will be back dozens more. I always sit at the bar because the girls are friendly and especially attentive. As a bonus, they rotate talented artists work every now and then which is cool to look at while you relax.笑
First off, I LOVE Pita Jungle food and experience.  This location continues to slide in quality and service, however, to the point it's now on the "no-go" list.  :(

We went in about 3 months ago, and the service was dismissive and curt.  The food was lacking in the normally consistent high quality.  But, we took it as a bad day, and went back yesterday.  Again, we love the food.  :)

However, this day confirms the place is off the mark entirely.  We ordered the appetizer platter...food was good, however, the pita's were clearly microwaved, and therefore, got hard as a rock before you could finish it.  Fresh is no longer the rule here, apparently.  :(

We both had gyros, which were also lacking.  The meat was super salty - and BF agreed, which says a lot, since he favors food that is well-seasoned and isn't as salt-sensitive as I am.  My pita was also going stale by the time I was at the end of the wrap.

Lastly, the server totally mischarged my credit card.  She undercharged us $15 on a $30 lunch, and because I am honest to a fault, I brought it to her attention.  No apology, no great thanks, either.  She went off to recharge the card, muttering something about how she wanted to see what she did wrong.  I told her to just charge the card the remaining amount.  Instead, she brought me back a new slip for the actual total.  I asked her for the cancellation on the original slip, and she said it wasn't required.  Not sure why I have this niggling feeling I was double-charged.  

Regardless, overall, a lousy experience,  We'll stick with the PJ at Fashion Square.笑
Love PIta Jungle for lunch!  What an amazing menu they have, so much to choose from!  I love their gyros and beans!  I also love that they have smaller selections so you can share a few items or just order something small for a child!  

It is a perfect place to meet someone for lunch, so delicious and the prices are very reasonable!笑
Let me start out by saying I love love LOVE pita jungle and their food. I've never had one bad meal there ever. This particular visit was extremely unenjoyable. It wasn't the food or timing but the terrible service given to me and my family. His name is Mark. I repeat MARK. Do not get Mark as a server. I only know his name because of looking at the check. It was like talking to a wall. I would ask him if I was able to make a modification on my order and he just stared down on his notepad and stayed silent. Not even a head nod or any simple gesture to clarify my questions. Then as we are still eating he dropped the check and Togo cups that we didn't even ask for on the table. Making us feel very rushed and that he was trying to get us out of here. The only thing that came out of his mouth the entire time was "Goodbye". Well, goodbye to you Mark.笑
This is my favorite restaurant of all time. Healthy, fresh and fabulously low key. Love it!笑
Freeeeeeezing indoors.
So I sat outdoors.
It was 100+ degrees outside .
It was comfortably cool with the parasols and misters and fans.


The only annoyance sitting outside was the huge disgusting fly that kept charging at my food and landing on it. :(
Sigh. You need to hire a professional fly swatter if you're gonna sit outdoors.
I would want my food too if I were a fly. Its so yummy!

Very fresh pita and hummus. Food comes out warm.
Excellent harmony of taste w/ the fresh cut tomato, hummus, and pita.

I thought the grape in hummus looked tasty so I consumed it whole... only to find out that it was an olive! (it had a huge seed in the middle, followed by an extremely olive-y taste)

I got the southwest style chicken on pita seasoned with cheese.
It was really good. Chicken was a little bit dry but the seasoning was done well.
I liked the taste and texture of tomato, beans, corn, and seasoning that gave this dish its unique flavor.

I ended up having 2 and half meals out of this one dish.
(but then again, I'm a size 00p if that tells you anything)

Would totally go here again.

Its a classy place with friendly service. I would recommend it.笑
I love Pita Jungle! 

The food is amazing-- for something spicy check out Chicken Del Sol or jalapeno cilantro hummus. My favorite is the Chicken pasta salad. It's served cold with a vinaigrette dressing and hot grilled chicken- absolutely delicious! I also love their greek and grilled vegetable salads. The food is fresh and according to the nutritional facts on their website, healthy. I never have regret about eating everything on my plate at Pita Jungle.

As locations go, this is one of the better Pita Jungle's. Parking seems to plague every location and this PJ is no exception. During the week it's always difficult to find a place to park but you get lucky later in the evening or on weekends. It's kind of tucked away between office buildings just north of the 101 on Tatum, but this location seems to be one of the bigger Pita Jungle's. They have a huge outdoor patio complete with heaters for winter and misters for summer.  

Happy hour and reverse happy hour offer great deals, but they are small portions (hey for $1 order a couple). Otherwise the price is good for what you get.笑
I've always been kind of anti Pita Jungle. I had it once about 8 years ago and was so underwhelmed, I never had a desire to go back. So when we decided to go here for a work lunch yesterday, I was kind of bummed. But I am now happy to say I am definitely a Pita Jungle fan!

We started with the cilantro jalapeno hummus, which might be the best hummus I've ever had in my life. For my entree, I ordered the seared ahi tuna salad. I will be coming back for this! The ahi was perfectly cooked, and there was plenty of it. The salad is also topped with strawberries, pineapple, and a delicious Asian-style dressing. While it was super light and fresh tasting, it was also really filling. I ended up taking part of it with me for a snack later.

I am so happy I gave Pita Jungle another chance!笑
As always Pita Jungle delivered.  I had the Gyro and it was just what the belly ordered. Great atmosphere excellent service and tasty food.笑
Nice place and good food. This specific location is nice because they have a large patio that is kept cool in the summer with the help of misters and it's shaded from the hot afternoon sun. 
The wait staff here is friendly and efficient as well and I've never had any problems with orders. I hear they have some great drink specials too.笑
We love the food here. Good food, good prices! Only down side is everytime we order to pickup they mess up our order so double check your order before you leave. All in all... Great food!!笑
We frequent this Pita Jungle quite often.  Their servers are always attentive and the food is always great!  Our favorites are the Spicy Mango Shrimp (when available) and currently the Wood fired Trout with Black quinoa.  My wife likes the Hummus plate with seared Ahi and we both plow through at least 2 of their passion fruit teas.  Inside it can get quite loud so if you are there for a business meeting it might be better to sit on the patio (if not too hot).笑
Service has gotten better this past year. The Broiled Chicken Pita is the best!笑
I always come here for the Spicy Chicken Wrap!  The food here is healthy, and their menu has a lot of tasty veggie dishes.  So I don't feel guilty when I come here!

The ambiance is fun, hip, and casual.  The dining room is very bright with natural light.  The floor plan is very open.  

Also, there is an outdoor patio, which is great when the weather is nice.  Plus, there is a full bar with flat screen tv's to watch sports too.

The hostesses, servers, and bartenders are always smiling too!笑
Pita Jungle always has consistently good food.  It's healthy and fresh and the portion sizes are generous.  They are absolutely fabulous when it comes to customizing orders and making substitutions - something not many restaurants can boast!  I've never had anything there that I didn't like, and my favorites are the Chicken del Sol, the Grilled Chicken with Hummus, and the Chicken Combo Platter.

My only warning is to make sure you check your take out orders.  Twice when this location has been really busy my order has been incorrect.  Just sneak a peak at everything before you leave with it.笑
I had a less than stellar experience in the past, but maybe it was a one time thing.

The food is good, service is okay.

When I'm in the area, it's a great choice, if I can find parking! It can be tricky as spaces are limited for all the congestion at peak times.

I recommend the hummus, iced tea, and blue corn nachos with chicken.笑
Horribly disappointed. Having been a regular at the downtown location this place cannot compare. Awful awful bartender. I walked out! Usually when you ask someone what they would like to drink you give them a menu first. Duh!  Then when I ask for the ASU game, don't act like its an obscure European sport that no one else would enjoy. You have ruined my Pita Jungle experience near my new home. Hopefully you don't suck in life as much as you do at your job.笑
Excellent food and reasonable prices. I had curry chicken salad which was fabulous and huge. The waitress was excellent. During the week for dinner be there before 5:30 otherwise it gets packed, especially when it's too hot to sit outside.笑
My favorite pita place is Desert Ridge Pita Jungle! Their food is great, healthy and the best server is Jen Allen. Can't get any better than her!! She truly is a friendly & courteous! I will keep coming back.笑
I'm visiting AZ so I was able to try this joint. I love mediterranean food. The service was good, nice atmosphere but most importantly the food is delicious and prices are very reasonable.笑
Other than the really great happy hour prices, its hit or miss with this place. More often a miss. :(

The food is less than average, the drinks NOT strong ( at least they are inexpensive) , but the service is truly hit or miss.

I'll pass.笑
I am currently eating at pta jungle at desert ridge... they have the best service & the guy named Kyle is the most nicest & really great at his job. My favorite spot here on out for sure :-)笑
So, I might have been slightly wrong about Pita Jungle. Because of the Butterfly Effect, right after the ink on my PJ review dried, my buddy's wife wanted their takeout and since I hadn't been for a while, I thought it was only fair to the Yelp gods that I check my assessment's veracity. 

My decision to get the jalapeno and cilantro hummus was heavily influenced by my spritual/culinary guide, Richard Z. He's usually right about two things: My neurotic behaviors that lead me to straight to crestfallonically laced internal disharmony and food. 

It was tasty, indeed. And spicy enough to make me smile. 

But here's why I'm bumping up the stars...

Our server said the funniest shit:

My friend asked: 

How's the tuna melt pizza?

Awesome Server: 

It smells terrible.

Friend: 

Like Farts?

A.S.: 

Like vagina (answers phone)

- Takes order. Puts phone down.

Well, not like my vagina. 

Dallas and Friend:

... (staring blankly)

Three Stars!笑
Pita Jungle is generally kid-friendly and we've come here a lot for that reason.  I don't know if I'm just getting burned out on the place, but it really doesn't seem to hold up in comparison to the Tempe location.

Generally the staff is pretty inattentive.  We are often left without water, or milk and they forget to bring things to the table.

The kids meal here gives surprisingly small portions compared to other locations.  It is common to see 4 or 5 little quarter-sized slices of carrot on the plate.  We pretty much need to order more veggies every time, which takes forever and they charge us for it.

I love Pita Jungle, but this location.... not as much.笑
This location for Pita Jungle was pretty true to the others I've been to.  I had the lentil soup & added a side of grilled tofu.  It was standard - very flavorful & vegan!  There are many options that you can get that aren't on the menu - simply ask your server!笑
Top of my list when in the mood for fresh and healthy eating. The grilled chicken hummus is addicting! Staff is nice and speedy. The lunch time is super busy so be prepared to wait.笑
Healthy eating that tastes delicious! I have several faves, but I like the gyro, as well as the three flavor of hummus.  There is also a chicken with the 3 hummus that is delicious.  And it is a crowd that is always about 70% women.笑
I was excited to try Pita Jungle since I was new to the area just moved here. And very disappointed with my food and with what happened. I ordered a glass of red wine and started sipping on this wine while I was eating my very over Sultan gyro when I noticed that there was something all over the inside of the wine glass after I'd already drank a quarter of it. So disgusting my stomach has been upset ever since. Unfortunately I will not go back to this restaurant first time and the food was bad and the wine glass was dirty and no thank you. I have eaten at the Pita Jungle at Happy Valley and was pleasantly surprised by the food but this one obviously needs help. I've eaten Gyros many times and never had one this city before.笑
This place does get very cold so I recommend either sitting outside or bringing something with you to cover up for your time being in here. Service is very fast and speedy but sometimes can be slow, but that just depends on what you happen to order. The place is quite loud which is somewhat annoying but I can tolerate it because of the amazing food that they have. The hummus and chicken trio is what I get every time and it is amazing! I definitely recommend it if you are going here for your first time! The grilled vegetables are also super good probably because of the seasoning that they put on it. Prices are good but could be cheaper on some items on the menu.笑
Ordered a broiled chicken salad on Friday to go. When I got home and began eating my salad, to my dismay I almost cracked a tooth on a chicken bone.笑
I love the food at pita jungle and that it is fast and healthy!!  The service is always great with friendly servers. 
I love that you can get pita jungle delivered thru grub hub.笑
Terrible service, every single time. Keep giving the place shot after shot because it's close to where I live and it's a let down eveytime. I drive all the way to the Shea location just to avoid this dump. Food has no standard, employees are one step up from working at a drive thru. Zero sense of urgency. If I could rate this place lower then 1 star I would. Avoid at all costs.笑
You got to come by and see Katie best waitress I've had Mues food was delicious and the company was even better笑
I frequent the Desert Ridge location often.  I usually sit at the bar when I'm alone and always have very prompt and friendly service.  

Anyone that is familiar with PJ knows they have the BEST hummus in town.  I love to get the trio of regular, roasted red pepper, and cilantro jalapeno.  And for an entree, top it off with a protein such as the ahi tuna, chicken, or steak.

My BF and I will often split the Chicken Curry Salad, a side order of Tahini Cauliflower, and the Mixed Beans AND we STILL have left overs.

My new recent favorite is the Veggie Lavosh Wrap.  OMG, even if you aren't a Veg Head this is sooo yummy and a HUGE portion!

Also, if you are on a budget... House Wines (Red & White) & Margaritas are super cheap!笑
Same food as the other Pita Jungle that I thrashed for being a haven for obnoxious douchebag (and douchebag-uette) servers (and hostesses ad managers) EXCEPT, at this location, it's like they were actually happy to see us!  Coincidentally, the two locations are equidistant from my house, so there's no doubt which one I'll be going to from now on.  Wish I had known about this location sooner - oh well, one day I will learn to use teh internetz.笑
This restaurant is made for people who don't really know Arabic food, specifically, the kind that eat hummus with potato chips. You will not see real Mediterranean folks eating here. It's a joke. The hummus shouldn't be called hummus, a gyro without tzatziki sauce shouldn't be called a gyro, and falafel served out of a box shouldn't be called falafel!  Especially when the batter is super OLD and tastes like last decade's gingerbread.

I was surprised to hear a Syrian started this place up -- especially when I didn't see a single Arab in the kitchen! This explains the lousy food. Everything here tasted like it came out of a box, a Trader Joes plastic tub, or a Costco bag! SHAME. I looked around to see what other people were ordering, and it became crystal clear that the majority simply came to order drinks -- knowing the food sucks.笑
I'm a bit honest but here are my expectations. Arrive to restaurant, greeting by hostess, wait for table, arrive at table, be served, eat, pay, leave. Pita Jungle got the first parts right but we waited oh about 5-8 minutes for any of the 12 hipster servers to acknowledge that we hadn't been served yet, once we received a server he was hit and miss the rest of the way, had to ask for utensils, ask for refills and generally felt as we were breaking up their conversations. We eat out a lot and from all different levels of establishments, 10 table 20 table & chain so we expect what we deserve. The food was usual pita jungle,  not impressive. Date of service 8-22-15笑
WAITRESS named ANNE, one of the worst I have EVER had at any restaurant, very rude and crude, did not even give me or my gf silverware or napkins the whole meal. Nor did she check-in on how everything was. Acted like serving us was an inconvienence.   We WILL NOT be visiting this establishment anytime in the near future due do how aweful the service was. Food was ok nothing to rave about. But BAD service goes far regardless of the food and forevermore leaves a bitter taste in your mouth!笑
Been here a couple of times now and you know what..... Pretty good. Not a place to go for a "nice" dinner, but great for lunch. Four stars, for a lunch restaurant. 

I like their M.O., if you will. Clearly the ingredients are fresh and the menu is pretty good.  I have now had the provencal, the gyro, the chicken philly and the beef philly and all were good. I think the provencal may be a little out of the reach of the cooks here, but it was still tasty. The pita's were very good though. Big and full of meat, a very good value.

I also find it interesting how every time I come to this restaurant for lunch, it is loaded to the gills with hot chicks.... Normally, that is not something I would mention, but it is so pronounced, it seems to be noteworthy...笑
Love love love! Gyro all day. & can't go wrong with dat rice puddin' (;笑
Loved this place!  Not only was the food delicious, and cheap, but a few of the waitresses were pretty hot.  Sorry ladies, but I'm a guy and sometimes I can't help but notice.  Will be back next time I'm in town.笑
Great place to eat and watch the crazy people at Amy's Baking Company from the safety of the fenced off patio .....笑
Always come here for the chicken and hummus.  Food is very consistent, and staff accommodating to my requests for no pita and extra vegetables.  The place can get very loud, and is usually very busy, but service is timely.笑
I have been a fan of Pita Jungle and have eaten at this location for years.  Recently, there have been some serious quality control issues.  I order the same (Curry Chicken) salad every week.  Now, I receive a different salad every week.  Different ingredients.  Different size.  Different dressing.  I will not be ordering this dish again, last time it was not only different but terrible!  Twice it has been served with absolutely no curry sauce.  Dry chicken salad with no spice or flavor with copious amounts of dry celery chunks.  Yum..  Clearly there are some recipe issues going on in the kitchen.  Very disappointed.  Management should be watching their kitchen a little more closely.笑
Good food, good service, great atmosphere.  I would recommend this place.  They have options for vegans which is great.  I needed a place to take my vegan mother and this place was perfect.  They have a pretty good selection of meals.  The Beef Gyro was good and their Black Bean Burger was pretty delish too.  Love love loved the hummus (garlic-y) and their tea is super good too.
Go here!笑
So happy to see them expand in the Valley. Stopped in for late evening meal. Tried one of the specials...Chicken Curry Salad. Great flavors. Nothing over powering. Beer was only $2 or something ridiculously cheap.笑
Pretty, casual restaurant with high ceilings, cool fire warmers for outdoor dining, and the best key lime pie candy in a basket at the hostess stand.

The hummus here is my fav!  I always get a large trio platter and a warm chicken pita.  Prices are just right too and service is always on point!笑
Had to revise my previous 4-star review and drop off a star today, unfortunately. 

Why, you ask? Well, probably because I got a chicken pasta salad with multiple pieces of RAW chicken in it. I'm talking completely raw beneath the first millimeter of meat, not just undercooked and chewy, but physically raw. 

I thought it was just this one small piece, which my astute server noticed me picking at (props for the good eye and asking if all was well) but that early warning got me into the habit of checking the other pieces before I bit into them. Thankfully that vigilance saved me from ingesting the other pieces that were completely, utterly raw inside! 

The part that really gets me, which I pointed out to the management, is that the chicken was burned black on the outside too, so someone really, really botched what should have been one of the simplest things to cook -chicken breast. I'm no chef, but even I don't screw up chicken breast this badly. How does a trained, paid chef manage to churn out chicken that is burnt black on the outside and still raw on the inside? I would almost imagine you'd have to put a concerted effort into screwing up that badly. This is definitely a first for me. Just... wow.

The manager happily deducted it from our bill and appeared to go back into the kitchen and give someone grief over it, which is nice, but it was still kind of gross to think that, had I not been so careful, I would have ingested raw chicken. He even gave me his card in case I had issues later from eating the food. Not sure if I should be grateful for the card, or worried that this is standard procedure because perhaps it happens often enough. Let's hope the former, yikes! 

I love this place, love their tomato soup and the service has seemingly improved in my recent visits, so I really hate to bag on them, but serving me raw on the inside, burnt on the outside chicken isn't something I can stomach (pun intended). 

Hopefully things pan out better in the future and I can re-review with more stars, but for now I'm dropping a star and advising folks to take a close look at their chicken if they dine here for lunch.笑
Sat on the patio with my toddlers, brother, and mom. Our server was Ressia and she was amazing! We are a very high maintenance group with our constant requests and whatnot. We know we aren't the easiest table but Ressia went above and beyond serving us. She was always there to check on us or see if we needed anything. Also the fact that she interacted so well with the kids was a bonus. She was such a doll. 

The food was delicious as always. I decided to try something new and had the Chipotle Chicken Lavosh pizza. I was not disappointed!! Even my family kept asking to eat some of my newest discovery. 

This location is one of the better ones in my opinion. It's always such a clean and welcoming environment. Can't wait till next time!笑
Nothing more to ask for when you want a delicious, healthy meal; upbeat ambiance and great service.

Their menu has many vegetarian options including the falafel wrap, veg sandwiches/burgers, superb grilled veg. salad and the must have Hummus trio!
Nevertheless, the shawrma chicken wrap, chicken salad, fish (LOVE the wood fired mahi mahi) and other meat items are delicious as well! The spicy chicken wrap is big and good for sharing.

On a pleasant weather evening or brunch time, their patio seating is great. Also love the happy hour and reverse happy hour after 9 pm with $2 yummy margaritas!!

Like I said, nothing more to ask for when you get just everything at one place. Thanks Pita jungle for your awesome service and tasty food!!笑
Cilantro jalapeño hummus with chicken is phenomenal. I recently had to order large quantities of appetizers for a client lunch. Everyone who had not necessarily ever tried dolmades, spanokopita, falafel or gyro before really enjoyed it along with the variety of hummus I brought in. I started my Pita Jungle obsession 8 years ago in their Scottsdale location and I've never been disappointed in the food!笑
I visited PJ for the first time this past week around 1:30 pm.  It was extremely busy and noisy but people seemed to be enjoying themselves.  We decided to order take-out since it was too noisy for us.  We managed to get a seat at the bar when someone left while we waited for our order.  I would not take kids here.  The bartender/waitress(?) was competent enough but dressed inappropriately - tight TIGHT top, boops hanging out - (yes, I know - you guys don't have a problem with that- but I'm a mom and trying to teach decency to my child!)  I was embarrassed as I had brought my 6 year old with me.  This is not an adult night club- so please dress more appropriately!  Food was fresh and came rather quickly considering how busy they were -  but very very messy to eat  -  I am glad I brought ours home.  I have not visited other PJ's so I do not know how this food compares.笑
Thanks to the impressive and professional people at Pita Jungle my husband and I were recently invited back to the Tatum location to give it another try. Our experience was excellent and I can't say enough about how the members of the Pita Jungle team treated us after our initial negative experience.

After my first review of this location, I was immediately contacted by a member of the Pita Jungle team apologizing and asking for more detailed information. I was so impressed at this company's ability to appreciate my constructive criticism and take interest in remedying the problem. No defensive attitude or pushy behavior...just genuine interest in how to make their business better. 

Needless to say, the Tatum location proved my previous review completely wrong and showed me what they are truly capable of. Our service was great, the food delicious (as always!), and we were completely taken care of. The manager made sure to stop by several times and even thanked me for my feedback. Kevin, the man I emailed back and forth with several times, was very helpful, appreciative, and always quick to respond. I can't say enough about our treatment, both in and out of the restaurant. 

We will continue to be huge fans of Pita Jungle for a long time to come. Thanks everyone!笑
Pita Jungle has something for everything. Even my pickiest friends love it.  The Desert Ridge location is brand new, has a big patio, more tables than the other locations and the food quality has not suffered.  The Salmon Salad, Pesto Pizza, Jalapeno Cilantro Hummus & the Beef Gyro are among my favorite items. This location does feel less hipster than the Tempe location, but that isn't a bad thing.笑
Good food, descent service.  It wasn't that packed I just had to ask for the silverware,   which is just always kind of Wierd....but what do you do.this ones a nice location.

One thing that is a definite side dish to order is the cauliflower fried dish with tahini. .just good.笑
Always a fan of PJ whether it's Arcadia, Desert Ridge or on 3rd Ave downtown .. I personally have not had a bad experience n I know it happens from time to time but they are quick to correct it if smthg happens. Great happy hour n the food is really good; tonight was no different. Tried take out for the 1st time .. From the phone order, to pick up/pay n them verifying the order all went perfect.笑
This place puts on a great happy hour! the 2 dollar appetizers are fun to order and try new things with a group of people, everyone gets a taste and a great deal. Last month they had a 1.99 wine special going and the wine was tasty and satisfying. We get the best service while sitting at the bar. At the tables, not so much. On the regular menu, the salmon dinner is wonderful. Especially the spinach that goes with the salmon. Divine.  Very casual place, great after a little shopping at Desert Ridge or meeting up with friends making it freeway close after work. A little on the noisy side but for the great food and value, I'll take it and we'll continue to eat here.笑
OMG!

Who would have thought you could make a full meal with just fruit and cheese.
They have this plate called the fruit and cheese fantasia, and it is delish!!!

I have been here twice and meant to order something different the last rime I went, but I could not say no to the fruit and cheese..it was like a drug addictaion and it was callin me笑
Oh Pita Jungle how I love you! I had lunch here yesterday and ordered the lentil and Fetoosh salad, so yummy I love this salad. Our server suggested we try it with the chicken being Sauté with pine nuts, delicious. I think I could eat here everyday I love it so. I do have to say I like the vibe and staff better at the Indian school location but this one is right by my house.笑
My wife and I come here with the kids about once a week since they hooked me in with their turkey sandwich.  Always a great experience and they give the kids crayons to keep them busy too!笑
Great variety on the menu.Service was awesome. I did not care for the chicken shawarma wrap but got it switfly changed to something else. They get really busy at lunch time. Our server Annie was very friendly and efficient. My only gripe about the space is it gets very loud. Other than that, I am a fan!笑
We'd been to this location several times in the past, and while it's not "authentic" Mediterranean food by any standard, it's still pretty good if you know what you're ordering.

The most recent time, however, changed our minds completely.  Here's a breakdown of the demerits:

1. Surly wait-staff who act like they'd rather be anywhere else than serving your table.
2. Said wait-staff (several people helped the table, and they were all equally bad) gets the order wrong, so two of three plates (pitas, two of the most simple things on the menu) need to be sent back to the kitchen.
3. Even fixed, said dishes tasted "off," with the ingredients seeming to be of poor quality.
4. The other entrée, Mahi Mahi, was prepared correctly and tasted okay.  However, there were several bones on the fillet.  Since a whole fish was not ordered, this is a pretty big error.
5. When informed of the bones in the fillet, the wait-staff do not apologize, offer comps, replacements, etc but simply shrug and say "okay."

That's two more strikes than needed, so we won't be coming back, especially to this location.笑
Love that there is such a nice, comfortable place to eat healthy foods. Large portions. Food is fresh. Good service. Indoor and outdoor seating. Particularly nice on weekends where the area is much quieter.笑
I am a Pita Jungle lover - so it is with a bit of frustration that I write this review.  I have wanted to try their Happy Hour tapas for years now.  I always stare at the $2 and $3 menu thinking a lot of things I love are on there and it would be great to get a meal of a ton of small plates.  So, I finally made it yesterday and what a disappointment.  I ordered the Lemon chicken and hummus (best two things), olives, feta, mussels, dolmades and falafel.  

My first major problem with this visit was the amount of time it took to order everything.  I ordered in 3 rounds and it took a full 15-20 mins to get 2-3 tapas in each case.  That's a bit too long for the tapas I ordered.  Nothing should have taken more than 5 minutes to cook maximum.  And I was only one of 4 tables that were seated.  

The olives, feta, dolmades and falafel were bland but ok.  Then comes the mussels, that were forced open so their shells were cracked when they were served.  So, now I waited 15 minutes for my feta (just lumps of cold feta cheese with a small garnish of tomato, cucumber and onion) and my inedible mussels (3-4 mins cooking time) in the empty restaurant.  When the server came back by 5 minutes later I explained to her what was wrong with the mussels and said I don't want these, and she confirmed "Oh yeah, that's bad" and walked away with them.  I mentioned after her, unknowing if she was going to put in another order which I would now no longer trust from there, I don't want a replacement order, and she said, "Yeah, I got it".  Never an apology, or any remorse in her voice, actually just the opposite - a little attitude.  Never an offer of a menu back to order something else - I was still hungry.  Oh well, it must have been a bad day because I have had this server before and she is generally lovely and on top of things.  

Anyway, I will be back as usual, ordering my mediterranean chicken salad, but it will be to go as usual and I will not be trying the tapas again any time soon.笑
Great healthy lunch option. Love the open floor plan of this location. I really enjoys their specials and rotating menu. The super green and fennel salad is delicious!笑
This Mediterranean chain was a pleasant surprise after a long search for a dinner spot.

HUGE portions.. excellent babaganoush  and hummus with of course, pita bread :)

Everything was just so healthy... the chicken kebobs, gyros and lamb dishes were tasty.

If I lived in this area, I would be a regular. Reasonably priced and each meal can easily serve 2.. or just plenty of left-overs for lunch the next day.

BUT, patience is a MUST here..

Minus 2 stars for service............... waiting 20 mins for a soda? Come on.. you serve great food, you have to do better.笑
The staff allowed a woman whom I nicely asked to contain her children, berate me and come back twice to tell me how "mean and evil" of a person that I am for asking her to quiet her screaming children during lunch.  I asked the staff to remove her, and they simply stood and watched/listened.  I've never been treated so horribly in a restaurant.  My friend and I will not be returning, and I will share this experience with everyone that I know.  I asked for the manager, and he did not choose to help the situation by showing up.  As a former restaurant owner, I am horrified and disgusted.笑
I came in to eat lunch at this Pita Jungle Location this afternoon and I've been to a few Pita Jungles in the valley and by far this was the best Pita Jungle I've been to here in the valley! My waiter gave great service and my food was delicious! Thanks for making my visit a great visit! I'll be back!!笑
Very good food and wait staff . Hummus with grilled chicken and a pita bread make a great lunch. My second time here and I'm happy . :-)))笑
I would like to comment on a recent review regarding Dee Dee and this Pita Jungle location. I was also there on 4/23 and I had a completely different experience. I was greeted in a way anyone would expect when entering an eatery. While the bar was quite busy I personally was attended to and my order was taken and delivered in a very timely manner. I believe Dee Dee did a fantastic job and I would not hesitate to return or recommend this location to my friends. 

I for one would like to personally thank Dee Dee for delivering the great service we have come accustomed to when visiting this location.笑
Regarding the review of the Desert Ridge Pita Jungle posted on 10/23/2015...

I was seated near this couple the entire time they were at the restaurant.

- They never complained about their food to their server.  I think it was unfair for them to not give the staff a chance to address their concerns in-house before posting a negative comment online.  In my own experience, the staff here has always made the effort to resolve food issues promptly.

- The reviewer claimed that the restaurant's manager argued with a worker.  I was seated along the same booth wall that the couple was, facing in the same direction.  I would have seen and/or heard an altercation such as the one they described.  It did not happen.

- The reviewer's characterization of the employees' behavior was invalid.  The employees in question could not be heard by anyone on our side of the restaurant, so there was no way to know if they were gossiping or talking about work.  No one was mocking anybody.

- The photo that accompanies the review shows two employees sitting together eating lunch at one table and another employee sitting alone at an adjacent table.  (The couple's server was the woman you see in the background walking from the kitchen towards the bar)   The couple came in at the end of the lunch rush.  During the time they were eating, most of the other tables in the restaurant emptied out.  That is why there are so many empty tables in the picture.  The employees had finished working the lunch shift and were seated at the tables eating.  There is absolutely nothing wrong with that, and it certainly doesn't warrant a negative comment in a review.

- The reviewer's comparison of this location to the Shea location is nothing new.  I have been a regular customer at the Desert Ridge Pita Jungle since mid-2014, although I've been eating at Pita Jungle restaurants since I was first introduced to them in 2012.  I've eaten at several locations, including Shea.  It is common for Pita Jungle regulars to make comparisons of the different locations, and fans of the Shea location tend to be fairly passionate about it.  

As for Pita Jungle Desert Ridge, I like the food, the casual atmosphere, and the friendly staff.  I spend a great deal of time here, reading, writing, and chatting with the employees.  I enjoy the eclectic music, the artwork on the walls, and the ebbs and flows of the dining room.  I think it's a great deal for the price, and I would recommend it to anyone.笑
Hummus trio is awesome.  The servers have been slow in the past, and don't come back often enough to make sure you don't need anything else.  I love the openness of this location.  Their grilled chicken with garlic sauce pita/lavoshes, are so good.笑
Where do I begin! Atmosphere is cool. Drinks are "dynomite." It's next door to my work. The staff is well, HOT! WOW! Oh yeah and the food isn't bad either. Really, the food is awesome. It's very healthy and they have an extensive menu and it's very affordable. My favorite is the Shawarma (Mediteranian Roasted Chicken Pita). There are several other locations. If you haven't tried one you should! Get that Whopper out yo mouth get your fat butt off the couch and get something healthy for a change!笑
Awesome food at a fair price. Great environment. Hummus is the best. Excellent service, except too many tattoos!
Highly recommend.笑
Seems more like a bar & restaurant rather than a quick stop for a bite. I was surprised when I walked in. The first thing I saw was the bar which were occupied by rather well dressed good looking people. Bar has 4 flat screen tv's playing sports and nicely stocked with various liquors, wine and beer. They also have a cheap happy hour menu. Food is also reasonably priced with a good portion. Had a great meal and would definitely go back. I'm still pleasantly surprised at how nice it is inside. Enjoy!!!笑
Note to mgmt
Came for a quick takeout
Paused out in front to look at menu and appalled
Between the menu and the glass is a rotting dead bee and yony live bugs crawling all over menu
Ugh!!!!!
Revolting
Consider looking at ot for urself!笑
My wife and I had eaten at  different PJ location several years back, and did not enjoy it. We decided to give it another try this past week. Unfortunately, our experience was no better this time around. We both absolutely LOVE gyros, and have eaten hundreds in our lifetimes.  In all honesty, the gyros here look and taste like they came out of a box.  For some reason, this chain has decided not to use the good ol' tried-and-true gyro meat roasting on a spit that is served by almost every other Greek-ish place (I verified this with the server). The meat here is dry, bland and has the consistency of a sponge. Please see some of my other reviews for places that know how to make a proper gyro. The hummus appetizer was also not to our liking; it was far too runny. The place was packed on the Friday we were there. They must be doing something right, I just can't figure out what it is.  On the positive side, our server was very friendly and efficient and seemed to enjoy what she was doing. Will not return.笑
I have always enjoyed this restaurant and never had an issue with my food or service until today where a burger comes out cold in the middle. It was ordered medium rare so it was expected to have some pink in the middle but not be raw and still cold. When we asked to have it taken back to have it fixed it came back as the same patty that had been squished down on the grill. When we asked if it was standard procedure to throw the partially eaten burger back on the grill and re-serve it our waitress said yes. We told her it seemed unsanitary and she asked if we wanted a new one. Of course we said yes and the third one came out great, but when we got the bill, we had been charged for two burgers. We asked the waitress again if it was common practice to re cook meat and serve it again. Shamefully she said no. It seems like this particular establishment needs to brush up on health codes and basic customer service.笑
This is one of my favorite lunch places to go to, and it turns out they have a great happy hour as well! $2 small plates to try samples of some of their popular menu items (tomatoes and mozzarella, falafel, hummus, for example). The serving size is small but adequate for the price. They also have $3 wine and beer, which is great!

The only drawback is their sangria is not included in the happy hour. In addition, my mom and I ordered a carafe of sangria, which was $7.99 (compared to $3.99 an individual glass). It ended up being two glasses anyway, so no savings there.

The food is always good. Not mind blowing, in my opinion, but good. And very healthy with lots of vegetarian options.

My favorite dish so far has been the tomatoes and mozzarella appetizer, but my boyfriend liked the regular gyro and my family enjoyed the chicken shawarma. It turns out they have a special seasonal menu, which my waiter was kind enough to suggest during a moment of indecisiveness. 

The inside decor is nice but I felt a little cramped sittings at our table with four people. It also felt a little industrial rather than homey or relaxing. The patio, however, is awesome. People sit out there even in the summer, thanks to their giant mister system and fans. And it faces east to avoid the sun.

A great place to meet friends for happy hour, or take out of turn family for lunch. I'm so glad it exists in desert ridge!笑
not really a ton of food. pretty average. not my favorite place ever笑
After searching for some healthy food options close to our hotel I saw the great reviews about Pita Jungle. I wasn't quite sure if it was going to be more of a fast food place, which I didn't want, but decided to give it a try anyway. 
Wow!  Food tastes so fresh and is very tasty.  Started with the lentil soup first, which was delicious. The pita chips they served with it were delicious!  I had the red quinoa and hummus salad. It was exceptional. Flavors were amazing!  It was so good I went back today to take one with me for lunch on the golf course. 
Server was very nice and helped us make some decisions, since it was our first time at Pita Jungle.
This is a new favorite "go to" for me when I visit Scottsdale. You won't be disappointed with the food.笑
Love their happy hour cuz you can try bits and bobs of their offerings.  The hummus trio, chicken, scallops, marianated mushrooms are all delish.  Want more?  Their wraps are tasty.  Great stuff when you're looking for a different taste.笑
Just arrived from Pita Jungle on 44th and Indian School. As I waited to give my order I had the feeling that I should be running for the hills. First off in a city where salutations are as commonplace as dust I don't think I even heard a faint hello from all four employees hanging out no more than 2 feet from the front door (2 of them were hostesses) - something told me Papa Bear was not here to mind the roost.

As if the service wasn't already a telltale sign, I went ahead and ordered what I thought would be a semblance of a good pita sandwich. However, I should've known when the guy that brought over my bagged food handed it to me as if it were the remnants (read: crap) from his pooch in the bag. 

Sorry--grew up in NYC have been eating pitas, et. al since I was a wee one, This was awful. I purposely do not own a microwave to avoid the temptation of ever putting my bread in there, and here I was PAYING for chewy bread, awfully cooked chicken and bland sauce. 

Sorry Pita Jungle, but maybe a good heart to heart staff meeting may deem necessary--re-evaluate the customer and act accordingly---Hint: starts with "human"!笑
Had the Gyro the other day.   I don't know if it's I'm not used to pickles in it, or there were too many ... but it overwhelmed the sandwich.  The rest of the ingredients were ok... but I have to say I was underwhelmed.  Nothing on the side with the Gyro.  Kind of expensive for a so-so sandwich.笑
I was expecting more of a fast food joint. But I was pleasantly surprised. I had the mahi mahi with pita chips and all though the food was well prepared , I think the fish could have been more fresh, it wasn't bad but I definitely had fresher fish around here.笑
Maybe I'm not ordering the right thing?

I've been here twice and both times I've walked away thinking, "I've had better".
The first time I played it safe and got a gyro.  It was OK. The meat was a bit dry.  I got a side of rice that was so dry I sent it back and got a replacement that wasn't quite as dry.  Service was terrific.

The second time I got the chicken platter and my wife got the Philly cheesesteak gyro.  The chicken was dry, the rice was dry.  The beans were delicious.  The Philly didn't taste like a Philly cheesesteak or a gyro so it confused me.  However, it was good.  Again the service was terrific.

The atmosphere is OK.  It's a bit tight and if it's crowded it can get very noisy. 

I'll probably go back if I'm in the area and I don't want to fight for a parking place at Desert Ridge. But, I won't drive out of my way to eat here.笑
I love going to this place, has a good vibe and food is always good. They have the best hummus and i love there ahi tuna..it is a must go笑
My favorite is still the one on Shea but this is also great.  Kids meal can't be beat.  Fattoush Salad is great, so is the black bean burger (just add Sriracha).  Tapas portions at happy hour look great, but we always forget about that until after we've already ordered.笑
Tonight was the first time I've experienced Happy Hour at Pita Jungle. A frequent diner at the North Scottsdale location, I often opt for the Philly Pita (with steak, if you please), which is a bit of deliciousocity for your taste buds. Tonight however was out of the norm as I opted for the Happy Hour menu. Throughout the night our table tried almost everything on the menu, a few of my faves included the mini version of hummus, the mushrooms sauteed in lemon, and the falafel nuggets of joy. The best part of this lil outing was the bill, which at around $2 to $3 per item led to an outrageously low bill. This is a great place for the 'on the budget in a recession' happy hour. Win for the Pita Jungle, even beyond the normal Philly Pita 'o' goodness.笑
Take out orders are a breeze! Staff is friendly, attentive, and efficient. The food is clean eating. It's easy to have a healthy and delicious meal here. I can't seem to break from my favorite- warm chicken shawarma wrap with a Mediterranean salad and the trio of hummus. The prices are very reasonable.笑
Food was the same quality I expect but this location needs cleaning bad! Seats were sticky and greasy...everywhere. The walls to the bathroom had food and smear on them. The ladies room was grosse. Again smear on the walls and yuckie sinks. Server was sub-par and served a broken glass to a customer next to us. And stared into space while we sat with our piled up dishes. Wont be back to this location.笑
This has become a favorite location of some of my co-workers that are on a special boot-camp diet because they can tailer to their needs.  After planning an extended lunch one day, we headed out to eat, and I don't think we planned enough time.  They were packed, wall to wall.  They were polite and worked quickly to get us a table and the service was really impressive.  To be honest, when I walked in the door, I thought I might be in Scottsdale, lots of people looking like they were trying to impress others, including some of the staff, but they lacked the attitude that often is associated with Scottsdale.

What was the most impressive was the service, that will rate them high in my book anytime, polite, quick, willing to work with us.  The food was fast and good, and extremely hot, temp wise.  They worked past my concerns of time and delivered an excellent meal in a rather challenging time for them.笑
Love Pita Jungle, Jen Allen is a great server and always gets it right.  I like to make things complicated.笑
This was our first visit and we were not disappointed! The service was outstanding! Huge shout out to our server Eddie who never let our drinks get more than half empty, answered all of our questions, and following a HUGE Antipasto platter, he split our Chicken Sharma between my Bride and I. The servings were very generous and the flavors were conversation stopping. For a place known for its vegan choices, this carnivore was very very happy! We had no complaints about the price. It was an excellent evening.笑
Pita Jungle labels themselves a vegetarian/vegan friendly restaurant yet they fry their falafel in the same grease they fry their meat? This makes no sense to me since falafels are so popular among vegetarians. I would like to see this fixed.笑
Amazing food, good atmosphere, very reasonably priced. Everything in the area here is on the Desert Ridge price plan, so it's nice to see a place that doesn't try and take advantage of it's customers. Ask for Ricky. Definitely will be back.笑
We were visiting family in Scottsdale and they took us to dinner at this location, because they like Pita Jungle and because this was supposedly one of the original, non-franchise locations. In their words:"this is the best Mediterranean food you'll have. And their vegetarian food is amazing." Maybe I'm spoiled with Greek, Lebanese and nouvelle Mediterranean food establishments on the East Coast, but I was prepared to be amazed. No such luck! The Patio was full on the lovely evening we went there and inside was cold and very loud, with the industrial decor doing nothing to make conversations easy. The friendly hostess made sure we had our own nook (can you please re-upholster the banquettes or change the seats, they are uncomfortably worn out) and left us to wait for our server. It took a long time for water to appear and even longer for our server. We ordered drinks and a plate of what is commonly known as meze (appetizers) with warm pita to share while we were deciding what to get for dinner. Amazingly, they charge for each pita above the two that come with the platter. And two is not enough for a shared plate. Our wine finally came out, gingerly carried by our server with fingers on the bowl - yuck! The platter of appetizers was underwhelming: 2 falafel, deep fried into oblivion, some passable tabbouleh, slabs of feta, 2 rice filled grape leaves, which were so uniform that they must have been industrially made and finally spoonfuls of hummus, tzatziki, baba ghanoush and ratatouille (?). The dips were okay, nothing you couldn't buy in any decent grocery store these days. The ratatouille was a far cry from it, and not even close to the Mediterranean "Ghiveci" you can get in Greek, Turkish, etc. restaurants or make at home. The chunks of zucchini were big, the rest nonexistent and in a thin, bland sauce. No sooner had we dug into the appetizers, that our main dishes show up and the server and busboy hustle to make room for them. In other words, say goodbye to whatever you wanted to mop up with pita on the appetizer platter! Our serve got half the orders wrong, but by that time we were really hungry. Not only did the server argue with us about what we ordered, we were cowed into eating what was placed in front of us. The vaunted Shrimp Paesano special was one pound (yes, one pound!) of noodles with four measly shrimp on top and shreds of some vegetables. The fish on the salad was raw, not seared and my lavosh portobello pizza deserves a sentence of its own. Nice crisp crust, good mix of cheeses and tomato slices, basil (not herbs, as in the menu) sliced and not chiffonaded, but here was the kicker - the mushrooms were in thick slices, they were raw and the olives scattered on the pizza had pits in them! When finally summoned over, our server offered to have the kitchen cook the mushrooms. Having read about what might happen to food that goes back, I politely declined. In the end we got free dessert, a nice touch and both the rice pudding and the baklava were tasty, albeit run of the mill. We like our family, so we agreed with whatever they said, but even my husband who will pretty much eat anything shook his head.笑
I love Babaganoush, and it's been hard to find  some that is traditional, smoky and not overly seasoned. And now, with Pita Jungle,  I have a place to satisfy my cravings fairly close to home! I can't believe in all the years we've lived here, I haven't been to a single Pita Jungle. I actually thought it was more of a fast food place, order at the counter, rush, rush, rush.  I have never been so happy to be so wrong!

Honestly, everything we had for lunch was fantastic! Hubby had an ahi salad which was sublime with the ahi seared to perfection. I had the hummus and ahi. Simply divine.  I would never have put the two items together, but it worked for me -- two of my favorite foods on one plate. I agree with all the reviewers about the hummus here -- probably the creamiest I have ever had with a delightful flavor that I could pair with anything now.

I wanted some baba but didn't want to order an entire appetizer size, so our very helpful server brought out a side dish of it . . . yum! Had we not been heading to Costco for some groceries, I would have taken some to go!

The seating options are many - dine inside at a table, banquet or communal high top, or dine al fresco. You couldn't miss sitting in any of those locations, although, if you want a little more quiet, I'd recommend sitting on the patio. Service was great and you could see that the managers were watching with a close eye.

There will be many meals, both eat in and takeout, in our future with Pita Jungle.笑
I tried this place today for the first time through Yelp since I was craving hummus. I typed in hummus and first result was Pita Jungle. I tend to like Greek food so I ventured over and enjoyed a very pleasant lunch.

The atmosphere is super causal but stil a restaurant with a hostess and server. The prices don't reflect the atmosphere, it easily could $3-$4 more expensive. 

Food is great. I ordered the beef and lamb gyro with mixed greens, onions, and that tzatziki sauce...ahh nom nom. The hummus like others have said is the best I have had. 

Love that  I found a new lunch/dinner place. Thanks Yelp!笑
Really loved this place..we'd go sit out on the patio for veg eats with our pup. However, they stopped allowing dogs on the patio. Dog lovers Beware: no longer welcome here :(笑
Pita Jungle is a restaurant that offers a variety of food options. The food is quite good. I tried their house red wine and it wasn't bad. Has a smooth taste. Our server Katie provided excellent customer service. The atmosphere is laid back. The staff members work quite hard! Keep up the hard work!笑
HORRIBLE SERVICE!! Went here with my family, had ordered the kids menu for one of my kids and she wanted a salmon option (which they don't have) so we asked the waiter and he agreed to put salmon on the plate. He did not inform us that this would be an extra charge (very unprofessional). They charged us $5 for a TINY piece of salmon. we had talked to the manager, didn't get her name, but she was very rude. Did not apologize, did not take care of the issue, NOTHING. she simply blamed us for HER BAD SERVICE. My family has dined here for years and will not return back to this location. manager even gave me a card to the director of operations, why couldn't she have handled the situation herself??? Very uneducated staff!笑
This is the best Pita Jungle and it's not just because they have a full bar. The waitstaff seems to care more about your experience much more than the other valley locations.

I recommend the Lentil Fetoosh Salad and the Lavosh Pizza (?--may have the name wrong, but it's not to be confused with the Lavosh Pita, which isn't nearly as good).

Even the cheap House Margaritas are good.笑
Place is really nice and a great duck off spot, i definitely recommend it to anybody.. it caters to the vegetarian crowd but have food for the meaty crowd as well...  Philly Chicken Pita is the bomb.....笑
Excellent!!!! I love their tahini cauliflower and their gyro with roasted potatoes. Their spanakopita is great too. They have coloring pages for kids. Plus it's loud enough that I'm not worried about my daughter being a little loud. The prices are fantastic.笑
Refreshingly fresh and healthy food in Scottsdale, AZ.  Great happy hour with delicious small plates. Reasonably priced.  On those hot days I headed here for meetings and never disappointed. Their hummus (trio) is excellent, served with warm pitas.笑
Excellent all around! Salads are delicious and huge. I recommend a platter for sharing because you get to try all of the spreads (hummus, etc) for like $10. We shared it between 5 hungry people and barely finished it!
I had the mediterranean chicken salad which was delicious and giant. Everything is fresh and colorful, and I wish we had something like this in NY!笑
Amazing, start to finish! We were greeted by the friendliest hostess and seated immediately. Our server was incredibly quick, yet never made us feel rushed. We got there early enough for happy hour and enjoyed a drink and a couple of delicious appetizers (garlic chicken with lemon, tabouli, and the hummus trio - so good!). 

Our entrees were top notch. Chicken shawarma, lentil salad, and chicken pasta salad - all fresh and delicious. 

We're only here for a weekend, but we'll definitely be back!笑
Welp. If you like ROCKS in your food this is a good place to go... ordered the chicken del sol, it was great until I munched on a ROCK(no joke) in my food! I told the waiter, he seemed surprised and brought the manager over who was pretty laid back about it.. "they come in our beans sometimes, I've had them before..." are you f-ing kidding me!? I tried to be pretty easy going about it, luckily I didn't break a tooth.. 

But there was no real apology or any type of discount applied to the bill, I guess if I want to eat rocks this is the place!

I don't ever write bad reviews, but this deserved it.笑
I used to like this place but tonight, not so much. The falafel appetizer was dry and tasteless. The dolmades were mushy and watery-tasting. Tapas of mussels contained TWO mussels!!??   Two mussels!! The scallop portion had three small scallops. The only reason I gave them one star (other than not being able to give no stars) was the Philly steak sandwich which was ok. 

Done here....笑
I had a waitress tonight who was fantastic,  and she made my dining experience fantastic. My daughter was visiting from out of town and she is very hard to please, but thankfully for the staff, she really was impressed. Thanks 
 for your attention to detail, that made my day and I will definitely be back!!笑
Horrible service. Each and every time. They don't care to educate you on the menu and you feel stupid for asking a question. The male server got my order wrong, didn't put my drink in a Togo cup like I asked, and even got the person next to me order wrong as well. It was a joke.笑
My spot live entertainment, food was okay I just expected more. I would eat and try another entre to give them another chance I think that they can do better... I would go back and give them a try for sure. I would have gave them a three and a half if I could do it almost at 4.笑
I love the food at Pita Jungle. The only thing I dislike is that it is EXTREMELY noisy and I am hearing impaired. Eating outside is great as long as it's not too hot.笑
Always love this place, great decor high energy and in crowd. 

Great alternative to burgers and pizza and healthy on top of that. My personal favorite is the Philly Cheese Steak Pita, never can go wrong. Good size portion and juicy prime rib meat with all the toppings.

Service is always quick and friendly with reasonable prices and fresh high quality food.

Not the easiest location to find, but when you have a great concept, people will seek you out and come to find it.

Plenty of parking

 Will certainly come back again笑
First timers at P. J.  (Shea restaurant). We had hummus sampler, bowl of chick, garlic, coconut milk, white onion, red bell, jalapeno and yellow curry soup. Fantastic!!  I had chicken combo plate and my wife had a mahi mahi dinner. Pistachio ice cream and carrot cake for dessert. Food was superb. Our wait person, Josh Berk was very knowledgeable and efficient. Great job!!笑
We stopped by for lunch today. It was busy but not packed. We were seated right away and then promptly ignored for close to 10 minutes. Not even a drink order. A server finally arrived and her pleasant and friendly personality went a long way towards making up for forgetting about us. My husband order a pita and I got the chicken platter combo. The meat was juicy and perfectly seasoned and the warm pita was yummy. I wasn't a fan of the beans on the side but I was too full to worry about them. It was a hot afternoon so they even made us to go cups of our beverages. We will definitely go back and give them another shot.笑
Christi was our server today and she was absolutely amazing!! Always love coming to this location. Everyone is always so friendly and attentive!笑
Best prices, healthy food, awesome happy hours...get the tapas!!!! Watch sports games and expect quality control in their food...place is great!笑
I have come to love me some Pita Jungle as of lately. The food is always good but the service can be a little spotty from time to time. You can't go wrong with anything that you order so look over the menu and see what tickles your fancy for that day and have at it. The portions are always huge so if you leave hungry than I don't know what to tell you.笑
Met up with a friend here for their happy hour menu where a lot of their stuff is just $2. The food was really good, I wish I knew about this place earlier. Ordered chicken, hummus, pizza, and mozzarella/tomato salad. Everything was really good and fresh. Will come back again!笑
I've been to several Pita Jungle locations, but this one the most frequently.  I love their food and eat there once every week or two.

The hummus is the best I've ever had, all three of the flavors are excellent but the cilantro jalapeno is my favorite (and it's not very spicy).   I love that you can get cucumbers instead of pita with it too.

The Tomato, Mozzarella and Basil is phenomenal.  I can't seem to order anything else there, I get this almost every time for my meal.  

The one thing I've had there that I didn't like was the spinach four cheese quesadilla.  I think it is just personal preference, but I found the lavosh bread to be too cracker-like for my taste.  Crumbs went absolutely everywhere when I tried to eat it, and I didn't think it had much flavor.

As far as service, I've had better but also worse.  Sometimes the waitresses can be curt and not very friendly.... I get kind of a snobbish attitude from some of them.  I usually get it to go, so I don't have to interact with them all that much.  

I really enjoy the atmosphere, particularly the modern feel and the art.  It changes every so often and seems to be pieces brought in by local artists, it's very cool to get to see a variety of local art.笑
We ordered takeout from here and was pleasantly surprised by the quality. Even though it was a little steep for a broiled chicken salad (around $10) that had nothing more than chicken, onions, tomatoes and lettuce (and dressing of course), it was satisfying and more importantly kept me on my diet. I also tried a bit of the pita with the chicken and hummus dip. The hummus was excellent but for a place called pita jungle I really was hoping for fresh made pita, not the stuff that looked like they pulled off the shelf from a grocery store and heated up til overly chewy. Not terrible, but not great when I know how good pita and hummus can be. The highlight of the meal was definitely the chicken. It was perfectly seasoned and grilled so that it had a nice crust yet was still moist and juicy. The onions on the salad were surprisingly mild, almost like they had been pickled to remove the rawness that red onions have. That really made the salad for me. I would definitely eat here again occasionally but not too often considering the prices.笑
I'm really surprised that so many people love this place, especially when there is better middle eastern food all over this town.

First off, I didn't really know who worked here, and who didn't, and thought it was especially rude of the gangsta busboy to cut me off and flirt with our hostess while she was seating us. Classy. 

The decor is uninspired, and the service was decent. Our drinks were kept full, but I felt that our plates were thrown at us. 

Onto the food. We first started with the Cilantro Jalapeno Hummus, which was a pretty decent hummus, not as spicy as I would have liked. It was smooth

My wife had the Spicy Black Bean Burger, and I had the Falafel Pita.

Presentation was nothing special, the idea of putting my foil wrapped pita on a plate seemed ridiculous, it would have made better sense to put it in a basket, or just handed it to me. As for flavor, nothing was exciting, minus the pickles, which were crisp and sour. The falafel tasted like a mix, the pita was dry and incredibly flat, the tahini was non-existent, and the way my veggies were arranged showed the general lack of care/love of food in the kitchen.

The black bean burger was much better, and is what earned the 2 stars in this review. The patty was flavorful, spicy, and great. The rest of the burger was uninspired. Vegetarian food can be absolutely amazing, and the rest of burger was a miss. 

She enjoyed the included blue corn chips, but I thought they were nothing special, the salsa was salty, and the potatoes were not spiced, burnt, and really had no place or reason to be included with the meal. 

I certainly won't be going back, but if I could purchase just those black bean burger patties, I would.笑
We stopped by Pita Jungle before hitting the road back to Los Angeles. The Mediterranean Chicken Salad was nothing short of AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS!!!! I ate every last bite. Can't wait to stop by Pita Jungle on our next trip to Phoenix.笑
Let's be real here, shall we?

This is a place to come drink and girl watch.  The ladies that work here are good looking and the service is sufficient.  Otherwise --- 

Bastardized Mediterranean food catering to indiscriminating taste buds.  The use of the word pita implies Mediterranean or Middle Eastern fare but the menu offers more...much more....and a lot of it tastes like crap that was made up on a whim.  Some of the dishes don't make sense to me, at least palate wise.  The ingredients are juxtaposed nonsensically.  Take the Gambas Con Ajo.  Served with pesto?  It simply doesn't work.   A waste of space on the menu.  My friend concurred that it wasn't good - at all.

When I queried the bartender---Kat Von D's doppelgänger--- if Pita Jungle was a hybrid restaurant, she looked at me as if I'd just dropped in from another planet.  Having lived on the highly cultured east coast for a number of years, this kind of food snobbery is permanently ingrained.  I am particular about the authenticity of my food, so if you have a hankering for Meditteranean, look elsewhere.  Probably somewhere very far outside of Phoenix, perhaps even a neighboring state (hint - Cali 4 Ni A).

In fact, to categorize Pita Jungle as Meditteranean is a misnomer.  Arizona was voted as one of the least educated states, second in line to Nevada.  Don't get me wrong as I love Arizona; however, we as a nation should do our best to help bring them out of their educational rut.  Chicken Tikka Masala?  Last time I checked, India is a part of the continent of Asia.

[Yes, I'm being an uptight jackass.  Sorry.]笑
Ahhh how I love me some Pita Jungle!  I eat here at least once a week.  The mediterranean chicken salad and the hummus and chicken are my two staples.笑
Yikes! Don't come here after 9pm if you want good service with good food. We arrived around 9:05 (they close at 10pm), and from the second we walked in, we could tell our business was notttttt wanted. My fiancé noticed a kid who worked there kept staring at us (as if "ugh, why did they come so late?") that pissed fiance' off and I had to tell him, whatever... They have an hour til close. It's not like we got there at 9:50pm.

Our server was nice with good service.. In the beginning, lol. Part of my wrap was literally coming undone & not wrapped at ALL. See pic. it's not what I remember this item on the menu being at other locations. Either the other locations do it wrong & I liked it better like that, or vise versa, idk. It was cooked so sloppy that it was hard to eat (in public without getting shit everywhere). I'm surprised it was even served like that actually. If I wanted to eat it with a fork, I wouldn't have ordered a wrap, lol

I think our server knew we weren't pleased but instead of asking how everything is (?? I've been a waitress...), she drops a box off for me & soon after the check when I've barely even eaten anything yet. So that was our  cue, that indeed, we were not really welcome. Shame! Maybe you should close earlier if you don't want people coming in at 9pm to eat at your establishment.笑
Hit or miss.  My gyro was really good although I had to seriously hunt for the tzsiki sauce but my guest's pasta & grilled chicken salad, although large, fresh and good looking had absolutely no flavor. Maybe they forgot to put the dressing on the pasta??笑
Love love love the food here. Great prices. Service is alright. But I don't go here for that. I go here for the awesome food.笑
Yum, yum, yum!!! I love right around the corner from Pita Jungle, and because it's fresh and healthier, I end up there at least twice a week!! My go-to is always a chai tea latte and a hummus trio with grilled chicken! The chicken there is SO tasty! They have a regular garlic hummus, red pepper hummus and jalepeno lime hummus, all of which are so so so good; hence why I get the trio that includes all 3. It's garnishes with spices, cilantro and my favorite pine nuts! 

The chai tea late is probably from a plastic container that's pre-made, BUT it's soooo good! They garnish the cup with an orange with is a delightful addition to the tea too. Probably one of the better chai teas I've ever had. 

I also got the chicken combo platter last night for the first time and it was really good. I substituted the rice for grilled veggies, and it was enough for two to share. The chicken has a great crispy outside and a really juicy inside, which is perfection. The veggies were really good, with a side of great mixed beans, with a garlic potato mash sauce which is SO good on everything. It's garnishes with onions and pickles which I usually dump all over my chicken and veggies. Highly recommended!笑
I love Greek food but I have eaten here at least five times and I will now only go to it if a friend chooses it. The acoustics are awful and I feel like I am hearing everyone except who I am with.  No one who serves customers has a smile. If I spend money I expect the servers to act like they enjoy their jobs. I love to tip but at Pita Jungle I feel like I am giving money away to servers who hate their jobs and are annoyed with anybody that they must serve. This is my first negative review. It's such a nice place so it annoys me that the service is subpar. I've had better Greek food just about everywhere else I go.  I had high hopes for this place, but it is just not good (especially for the price).笑
I have never been let down, not at this location at least...
The food is always very tasty and consistent.  I always sit at the bar and the service is awesome too!笑
I love this place. Their cilantro hummus and Chicken Tikka Masala are the best!!!笑
I come here all the time! The food is fresh and tasty and the service I receive from Sarah is great! She is super friendly, and gets my order in right away. I hardly have to wait for my food to come once I order it. I love the philly chicken pita and the cilantro hummus. So yummy! I recommend this location!!笑
EXCELLENT every time..... fresh and clean mark the two words from each experience visiting any of the locations.  Beautiful people eating healthful food is the result.  Make sure and try the chicken curry salad!!!!笑
Came here once after a grad school interview and the food was excellent! Same can be said about the service. 

Their happy hours are awesomely cheap with $2 margaritas, and $2-3 snacks like hummus and pita, stuffed grape leaves, etc. Being a so-cal resident, I am definitely not used to these prices!

I got the philly cheese steak pita, bf got the gyro, and our friend got the steak on a bed of hummus dish (can't remember what it was called but he really liked it). Everything tasted great and they have a large menu to choose from. 

I was really digging the vibe of this place, had a lot of energy and diverse crowd (students, families, businessmen) and waitresses were nice. It gets packed fast though, sounds like there is a wait most nights. 

If you're ever in the area, check this place out!笑
I think their food is great, but I cannot give them a higher rating.  Their service is horrible.  My service has been CONSISTENTLY bad every time I go there for dinner.  I have been seated many times and had to wait 10-15 minutes for anyone to acknowledge me.  Trying to get a drink refilled is impossible.  It seems like the servers are  more concerned with socializing among themselves, in the back corner by the drink station than they are with the patrons.笑
Lot's of reviews for Pita Jungle - and I would say that the 4 Star rating average is appropriate!  Food is good, atmosphere comfortable, service decent, price reasonable ... all good!  Lot's of healthy options with a Mediterranean flair, making an excellent option for a good meal out!  I've been back several times and  recommend it regularly.  Both visits I've had seafood (a seafood stew, and salmon), both times very happy with it - and the $1.99 margaritas (all summer long special!) are a great deal!笑
Always love the food at pita jungle.  All the staff is awesome too and pretty much know us by name now.笑
TWO HOURS. My order took TWO HOURS. By the time it was delivered, my husband had already made the kids another dinner and I had fallen asleep. When the food finally was delivered TWO HOURS later, the delivery girl chirped "Oh, the kitchen is really back up" as if it was no big deal. If a restaurant is THAT backed up as she claimed, they have a responsibility to call outstanding deliveries. Not to mention, somehow my ability to rate them on Seamless was disabled. I should know better than to think Phoenix is up on the delivery game, but was so excited to see more options this visit to AZ. After a day of travel we just wanted some good, healthy food delivered...but not food that took TWO EFFING HOURS.笑
We went for dinner today.ambience is ok.food is also ok.but I personally didn't like my chicken pasta.it was nothing but grilled chicken on top of cold pasta without any sauce or flavor.笑
I really like Pita Jungle, for a few reasons:

1.  Great value: large portions, very reasonable prices
2.  Good food: well-executed, if simple, Mediterranean dishes
3.  Lots of healthy options
4.  Both regular and reverse happy hour drink and food specials.

I went to the Tatum location last week.  I chose the Philly chicken wrap.  It was tasty, huge, and pretty cheap ($8 if I remember).  I also ordered a beer, and my wife and I ordered dolmades and baba ganoush for starters.  Everything was good, the tab was very reasonable, our server was pleasant and competent.

Go here for happy hour/to watch a game/for a quick dinner.  If you've never been, I'm confident that you'll be pleasantly surprised.笑
First, how to you determine who actually works here?  If she wasn't standing behind the hostess stand, I would have never guessed that she was an employee.  Our sever didn't look like someone that should be working with food, but maybe at a thrift store.

Second, my friends meal was messed up 3 times!  Good lord, it's chicken!  My friend visits the Pita Jungles in Tempe, Mesa and Chandler on a regular basis and gets the same meal. The chicken that was prepared at this location was NOT prepared as it is in the other 3 locations.  Then the manager came over and argued with her about how the chicken is supposed to be prepared according to Pita Jungle "training" and obviously the other 3 locations are doing it wrong blah blah blah.  Really?  The other 3 locations are all doing it wrong? What happened to "the customer is always right"?  How about instead of arguing about it, just get her the chicken the way she wants it. Cripes.

Third, an employee (I figured this out after, again, you can't tell who actually works here)  walked behind my friend and as he was walking, bent over and sneezed over her shoulder/back.  She FELT the sneeze on her!  EWWW.  I saw the horror on her face and watched as this guy went to the kitchen window, grab a fork and take it to another table of diners. So he was an employee. 

Yikes.

My friend did get her meal comped.  But it was such a terrible experience we will never be back.

This location needs some serious customer service training, including the manager.  And maybe name tags or something to alert you to who works here and who doesn't.笑
Great food experience and variety .. no complaints great customer service and quality笑
I am definitely going back to PJ!  I ran in to pick up take out for two, and immediately wished we had decided to dine in.  It's spacious and welcoming, but so far back off the main street you have to be looking for it to find it.

My wife had the ahi tuna salad which was light, very tasty and fully satisfying.  I had the spicy chicken wrap.  Rather, I had a third of it and am saving the rest of the ample portion for lunch!

Based on other Yelpers, I have to try the hummus.  Next time for sure...笑
Please note: this review is specific to the North Tatum Blvd. location.

I had an opportunity to visit this restaurant again recently (6/23/16). Pita Jungle continues to impress.

After more than a dozen meals, here are my observations:  My current favorite is the Gambos Con Ajo which is five jumbo shrimp served in a tomato sauce with a pita topped with cheese and pesto.  Although listed as an appetizer, with a order of brown rice, it is an awesome entree. Current summer soup - gazpacho, a cold tomato base with chopped fresh vegetables; I customize mine with a shot of a premium vodka which makes for an awesome edible Bloody Mary !

I'm stuck in an app rut - they offer any of their dips as a duo or trio at the same price as a full serving of a single appetizer; and I'm a frequent flier for the baba ganoosh and tzatziki.  The baba ganoosh - an eggplant based dip is fibrous enough to retain its texture and character, yet creamy; tzatski - the traditional cucumber yogurt, garlic combination is enhanced by the sprinkling of zaatar, a uniquely mid-eastern combination of herbs rarely seen in a mainstream restaurant; I've found the hummus to be middle of the road,   I've also enjoyed the mozzarella, tomato, and basil, which at $8.49 is a bit pricey, but has improved significantly since my earlier reviews - better tomatoes.  The fruit and cheese fantastia is a meal sized portion; I ended up taking my entire lunch entree home;  this would be a great app to split, as a split dessert; or as a stand alone lunch entree.  The usual cheese choices are uninspired, ask for feta and mozzarella only, they are happy to accommodate.  

The lavosh pizzas are outstanding.  My favorites are the chipotle chicken, and the roasted garlic and portobello; the lavosh crust, while providing a base, and an easy "handle", allows the taste combinations of the toppings to dominate; unencumbered by traditional overwhelming amounts of sauce, the Mediterranean influences shines- (zaatar again).  These pizza will serve two; I always end up with at least 2-3 pieces to take home; although they have yet to make it that far :).

The lavosh shawarma wrap, served with a small Greek salad, is two fistfuls of rolled lavosh, around grilled chicken and vegetables with the lavosh smeared in a pesto sauce - outstanding.  The gyros pita is a similar sized portion, served in pita bread, rather than a lavosh, with the traditional Mediterranean spiced blend of beef and lamp; a mixed blend of beans is offered as a side with this for an additional buck or so; well worth the price.  

The wood fired salmon entree  (a bit pricey for lunch at $15.99, and I'm not a "smashed" potato aficionado), is outstanding - a good-sized portion and moist throughout;  and my request for additional wilted spinach or another vegetable in lieu of the potato is never an issue.  

A minor warning: the kitchen use a generous hand with cilantro, seeming to add it as a garnish to every dish; if like me, you prefer a lighter touch, let them know.

Service on all of my visits has been prompt and efficient; if somewhat informal - but this is the nature of the restaurant.  It doesn't pretend to be what it is not. What it is: an outstanding place to have a Mediterranean meal, much akin to the many trattorias found in Italy/Spain.  I enjoy sitting at the bar, watching one of the several TVs tuned to sports, financial news, whatever one requests.  

The complete wine list is offered at half-price on Sundays and Mondays so I enjoy drinking a glass or two with lunch, and taking the remainder home (Uber).     I wish they would offer a Rose for summer; so far my lobbying has been ignored. Be forewarned that if you show up at the heart of the lunch hour, and I'm told dinner, a wait is inevitable.  Grin and bear it; have a glass of wine at the bar, great bartenders - Nichol, Amanda, Mark, Hailey, Jen and Eric; as noted by other reviewers, the eye candy - both staff and patrons - is excellent, and if anything has gotten better since my last visit; look for Amanda's ink on warm days; and.....the food is worth the wait. One of the great advantages to dining at a place this busy is that the food is ALWAYS fresh.

(Please note: Nichol insists I comment that Amanda has a "cute ass";  so noted - definitely *****). [OK - maybe ****** - I was so distracted I left my AmEx at the bar! - maybe subconsciously looking for a reason to make a quick repeat visit to re-confirm Nichol's assessment].笑
I've had falafels at quite a few places and the one at this restaurant was average.  It seemed to be overfried.  Don't think I will be back with my family.笑
The new Pita Jungle in Desert Ridge is great, just like all the other locations! This is not your traditional Mediterranean place - they focus non offering healthy items at very reasonable prices. They have many of the staples of Greek/Mediterranean food, like gyros, chicken shawarma, hummus, etc., but lack some of the less healthy dishes (like saganaki). What they lack in traditional Mediterranean dishes they make up for with other healthy offerings, like Caribbean salad, veggie burgers, pizzas, etc. Whether you eat in their nice modern dining room or take it to go, you'll enjoy the food, and your body and wallet will thank you.笑
Well, I stood at the bar for 15min with a menu in my hand wanting to order carry out but though the bartender came my way several times, once even completing a carry out order for a guy standing right next to me, I was never acknowledged.  At one point, a woman who also wanted carry out who came in after me, went and sat at the bar & was promptly greeted.  This is where my patience ran out an I walked out.  SUDDENLY, a guy who must have been a manager came out of the restaurant asking if I was there for carry out to which I responded "I wanted to order but I'm over it now."  He politely offered to take my order himself which I appreciated but he HAD to have seen me to know that I was leaving without being helped and after I'm halfway to the car is too late...笑
Great service, sat at bar(dining solo)... Great food and the only place I've eaten so far that I will def come back to! Yumm yumm笑
Pita jungle has been one of my favorite places since I moved to Phoenix in 2011. I have ventured to 3-4 locations and always have enjoyed the food. I currently live 5 minutes away from this Tatum location so I come here quite often. The service is always good and consistent. I have never had a problem what the menu offers (of course), but my issue lies in the consistency of the kitchen. Specifically at this location the quality of the food always varies. 

The best example I could give is that I am a creature of habit. I order a side of garlic mushrooms every time I make an order, without fail. It seems as if in the past few months the recipe has changed or they are just prepared differently depending on the chef who makes them. Who knows- sometimes they are amazing, and sometimes they taste like they have barely touched a hot pan or have barely any garlic. Maybe it's just me, but I feel the consistency of the plates I normally order is lacking. 

Otherwise, I would have definitely rated 5 stars!笑
After a concert at the MIM, we went to have a late dinner. They were close to closing, so we orderes from the happy hour menu. Everything was yummy, the pizza, falafel, scallops, etc. Abs the prices were just right!笑
I come to this PJ location pretty regularly.  Big fan of the red pepper hummus, chicken philly pita, and the wood fired salmon salad!笑
I've been to this Pita Jungle MANY times. In fact, every weekend I go here for one thing, and one thing only... the berry iced tea mixed with lemonade. If I could rate Pita Jungle solely on that I would give them a 5+++ stars, however I cannot, but you should definitely try one-it will rock your world. 

Here's the thing... what I usually get to eat here, I do like, but I can never get anything different because the menu just doesn't appeal to me. The items are just not quite what I am ever looking for, ever. I will say that their roasted red pepper hummus and grilled chicken are great. I also have enjoyed the spinach quesadilla and taziki, but other than that I find the food and service to be mediocre. That being said, I do frequent here often for a healthy meal and to support a local business over the many chain restaurants in this area. 

And...That's all I have to say about that.笑
In all the years I have been coming to Pita Jungle, I can honestly say that I have never once been let down! Fast, affordable, healthy comfort food... Who knew it could be done!? Pita Jungle is the perfect place for take-out, happy hour, family dinner, and the list just keeps going on. It's one of those restaurants where there is something for everyone, even the pickiest eaters! 

Definitely start out with one of their small plates or appetizers. This may be the hardest decision you have to make all day, but rest assured, you can't go wrong with any of them! I typically go with the hummus trio and pita platter.

Also, for someone who is NOT a big salad fan- their Broiled Chicken Salad with house made lemon dressing changed my life. The chicken is seasoned to perfection, and the veggies that accompany it are always so fresh! Oh yeah, and I should probably warn you... Once you try this light, tangy dressing I speak of, you'll be hooked! It is THAT good.

No matter which Pita Jungle location you go to, the vibes may be completely different, but the food is always consistent! This is what makes these restaurants so unique and awesome! After years of great food and service, I don't think I could live somewhere that doesn't have a Pita Jungle nearby!笑
Back to 5 stars cuz I just love this place! And because I haven't seen the server with a corncob wedged tightly her nether regions the last two times I have been in. 
Holly, the bartenders (there are 2!) are both super nice and always friendly. One of them always calls me "hon", which reminds me of Arkansas and I love it!) Anyway- my new fav is the honey ahi salad on their specials menu. The seared ahi is sliced and tastes amazing with the strawberries, mangos and pineapples all covered in the tangy-sweet honey dressing! I can't get enough. I would only love it more if they added avocados. Maybe I will ask next time!笑
I have been here several times and I just love their food. There are so many options and all of them are awesome. The cilantro jalapeno hummus is a must try.笑
Pita Jungle never disappoints! They have tasty, yet healthy food for adults and for kids. My favorite is the chicken curry salad and my husband likes the mushroom burger (the mushroom is the patty). My 2 yr old gets choices for protein, starch, veggie and fruit. He went with turkey, brown rice, carrots and fruit. Service was fast and attentive too!笑
Boy do I LOVE Pita Jungle!!

I'm so glad they made it up to Desert Ridge. I have always had a fantastic meal at Pita Jungle. My favorite is the Mediterranean chicken salad. It's HUGE and so delicious. Great chicken, fresh veggies, the perfect dressing. There is nothing better, except maybe the hummus. Always a hit!

I'd love to review more menu items, but I always get the same thing. The lemonade is great, not a fountain drink. And a great tasting fresh lemonade, not like all the others. 

The service has always been friendly. They are always super busy, so sometimes you have to wait. But, it's so worth it!

Lunch is always crazy busy. The patio is perfect on a great night. In the summer they have mist and big fans.

I could eat Pita Jungle almost every day :)笑
Phenomenal service. Christi the tall blonde was extremely helpful and she was constantly on her toes making sure we were taken care of. Very sweet and knowledgeable with the menu and took excellent care of us. Will be recommending her as our waitress again next time.笑
Hands down best Jalapeno hummus around; have them top it with their grilled seasoned chicken and some pita bread and a side salad you're set! They have an endless menu of amazing food, for every person. 
'Nuff said.笑
4 of us eat dinner at Pita Jungle every Monday night around 5:30 and have been doing this for over 4 years. We started going there since they used to have happy hr. and continued after happy hr. changed to a discount. One of my friends always gets a chardonnay and the hummus trio - several of the waitstaff remember her order. This past week, she was served a glass of chardonnay that was $12. When she asked the waiter to explain why it was expensive, he said it is the waiter's discretion which wine to serve if the guest does not specify. The servers are not required to ask the guest. I thought you should know before you receive a bill you were not expecting. The manager chose not to adjust the price. The cost differential of the wine will now cost Pita Jungle 4 guests that dine there on a weekly basis. You do the math.笑
Same menu as all the original (and only one true to my heart). Always start with the cilantro jalapeno hummus, add some sriracha and enjoy. I like their starters such as the fresh mozz and tomato dish, and on the cheap check out the pita crisp, its a cheesy mini-pizza/quesadilla circle of goodness. This PJ is def yuppie compared to Tempe but I guess everyone deserves cheapish delicious mediterranean food. The restaurant is huge with tons of seating, the servers are quick and refill drinks often. The manager might hire based on looks though...笑
I come to this location regularly and have previously had pretty good food. However, this is the second time that I've order my meal and gotten home to find out that my food didn't look right. I literally spent about 7 min picking "burnt sauteed onions" out of my philly chicken pita. What I can't understand is, as a cook/chef how you can throw that on someone's plate and then send it out of the kitchen and be proud of that presentation. The first time it happened, I called and spoke to the manager. However, I shouldn't have to do that if everyone in the kitchen was on their A-game. No one wants to eat burnt food, especially since I've spent my good, hard earned money. It is clearly a reflection of the establishment and the people that's being hired to cook the food. Needless to say, I am extremely disappointed with this location. I'm trying my best to give this location a second try, but I'm leaning towards driving a few more miles to one of the Scottsdale locations. 

I won't even go into detail on the service at the bar. It depends on the day, but there's one really nice girl and the others need to be fired along with the cook!笑
I had not realized that my new friend was vegetarian, so I had to scramble to find a good place to bring a vegetarian.  Yelp to the rescue!

Pita Jungle was a great choice. Hummus sampler was totally tasty, but you really do need extra pitas. Our waitress, Dominica, was great. Upbeat and attentive without being invasive, her smile made us feel welcome. We were slow to choose from the menu, being first timers and being as interested in chatting as we were in eating, but Dominica was patient with us, and was quick to point out popular options and personal favorites. My glass never really went empty (yay) and the black tea with juuuust a splash of lemonade was perfect.

My dining companion had the black bean burger which was tasty, but didn't hold together very well and smooshed over the sides of the bun, making it messier than it originally appeared.  I had the Lavosh Shawarma Wrap which I read good things about, and it didn't disappoint. Boxes were necessary for leftovers, but were brought quickly for us.

Great experience and I plan on going back for more! Thanks Dominica!笑
I love Pita Jungle.  It has something for everyone and at a reasonable price!  Veggie-friendly, vegan-friendly, and carnivore friendly; Pita Jungle throws together clever Mediterranean recipes with a hip, modern flair.  My favorites are Lentil Fetoosh and 1000 Bean salad.  For the meat-eaters, I recommend any of their pitas or seafood dishes.笑
Beyond impressed with the manager that was so generous and helpful. I had placed an order over the phone which was not ready when I arrived nor could they find my order. The manager offered me a complimentary glass of wine while I waited and then gave me my meal free because it was a pretty busy evening! I was shocked and thrilled with the service I always get when I go to this location :) as always my favorite is the hummus trio with chicken!笑
I absolutely love pita jungle and their food, but this location has terrible service. I'm a server too so I understand if the servers may be having bad days but every time I have come its been bad. The servers aren't friendly whatsoever and I feel like they have no standards of service. It makes me sad because I absolutely love their food but the bell rd location in Peoria is a lot better. Their staff is super friendly and attentive unlike this location.笑
I like PJ, the hummus platter is always a winner.  For some reason though this location lacks some jazzzzz that the other location on Scottsdale and Shea seems to have.  How can that be explained?!?!  Same menu, same food but somehow not the same.
We do come here since the location is convenient but every time I sit down, I can't  seem to help myself and  compare this PJ to the OTHER PJ.  I know, I'm so unfair.
Well, good thing sushi station is next door as that seems to be where I've been gravitating towards lately!笑
It was around 4 pm when I walked in for a to-go order. I ordered the hummus with grilled chicken under the appetizer section. I didn't have to wait long for my order to arrive, probably 5-10 minutes at the most.

The decor was very airy it was very well lit.

I agree with fellow yelpers that their hummus was smooth and flavorful. Actually, it is probably the best hummus I've had in a while.  

There was a sliver of cucumber, a small wedge of tomato and one olive on top of the hummus. Then there was a fairly generous portion of grilled chicken and pine nuts sprinkled on top as well.

However, I was extremely disappointed with the chopped grilled marinated chicken. The chicken pieces were definitely over cooked and dried. If I was eating at the restaurant, I would've definitely made a comment to the wait staff. The chicken also had a tangy marinate to it which was too tangy for my liking. It felt like there was an extra squeeze of lemon juice that I thought they could do without. This was a bummer since their hummus is indeed very good and if it was cooked properly with juicy pieces of chicken then this place would have gotten a 4 stars at least.

The two pitas that they give you are a lot larger than the normal pita breads you get at the store so there is plenty to share.

If I'm in the area again craving Mediterranean food, I'll probably give this place a try again and order something that doesn't have their grilled chicken.笑
Stopped by for lunch. Friendly and efficient staff. I had the chicken curry salad and a glass of wine - Awesome! They have an early and late happy hour. I'll definitely check it out.笑
Quick stop for lunch with the family! This place had something to accommodate all 5 members of the family.  I had the Gyro pita which was very good.  My wife had the Caesar salad which she said was fantastic.  The service was solid! The kids meals offered plenty of food!  Definitely a good quick lunch stop for the family!笑
Good food, good happy hour.  Pita jungle has quite a few small plates available for happy hour, a large bar area and good drink selection.  The food is definitely leaning towards a vegetarian bias, but there are proteins if you are not a vegetarian.  Very reasonably priced also.  Good place for some wine and conversation.笑
This is by far the best restaurant in the Desert Ridge area for healthy eaters (or really anyone who can tolerate a meal not consisting of red meat smothered in cheese). The atmosphere, music and food are all hip, casual and fun. Prices are slightly below average for a restaurant in this class.笑
"Quantity without compromising on Quality"

Pros:
Large portions
Yummy food... I have been there a couple of times and was never let down
Great variety
Good Tapas especially if u end up in the Happy Hour
Reasonably priced

Cons:
As someone else mentioned -Beer selection on tap
Not really a con but personally i feel that the food ain't really zesty a la authentic meditarranean food... They could atleast provide a sumac in a pepper shaker as they do at the Zaytoon Kabab bistro笑
Have been to Pita Jungle twice before. Feel the wait staff do a good job. Always friendly and good service. Best hummus in town. For s dollar more get the bigger plate of hummus but ask for extra pitas (39 cents each) and some extra cucumbers and tomatoes (99 cents). Not a fancy place but certainly someplace you want to try out.笑
We found this place on yelp and were happy with our choice. The restaurant was very busy but we were seated right away. They had misters outside but it was still way too hot to sit out there. We ordered the Chicken Schwarma. It was very tasty and came out very fast. The waitress was very friendly and attentive and helped us choose from the menu. She checked on us several times and even let us take our drinks to go.笑
One word HORRIBLE!  $45 for two falafel salads. They forgot to include the pitas and utensils in the bag . Falafel was cold and gross. I want my money back!笑
Eating healthy is not exactly the most fun thing to do, UNLESS you go to Pita Jungle!  The desert ridge location has a great patio, a great bar and is always busy!!  The menu is incredible!  The chicken and hummus on the "starter" menu is sooo good!  This weekend we tried the Mediterranean chicken salad and the black bean burger.  Being a meat and potatoes girl, I was a bit skeptical.  The meal was flavorful and filling!  We get take out there all the time too!  If you are looking for a great meal, and a great patio, look to Pita Jungle at Desert ridge!  Yum! Yum!笑
Hands down my favorite restaurant in Arizona. I can't get enough of this place. I have tried many different items on the menu and my favorites would have to be the glazed chicken lavosh pizza, Philly Chicken Pita, hummus trio with chicken and something that is not on the menu anymore but they will still make is the Honey Chicken Pasta salad. It's basically the chicken pasta salad but with a warm, delicious honey dressing.

The service is usually great and the atmosphere is always nice. They change the decor in the restaurant pretty frequently which makes it nice to visit.

Give it a shot, good clean healthy food!笑
This is in a great location and I am a little biased....as its within walking distance of a friends house.  It's great for a quick meal.  Always start with a humus plate....I adore the chicken wrap.  It's big enough to eat half there and take other half home.  Their drinks are reasonable as well.  Atmosphere is pretty chill and dress is casual.笑
Personally hate this place. You can add their crappy service to one of the few things you can expect in life like death and taxes. It's consistently bad so I have no idea why I've gone back a few times. The food is ok but the table staff is run by high schoolers, or at least those that provie service like one, with no customer service skills anfd a huge lack of attentiveness (the bar is the worst). You could be waiting forever for them to come back. Take out service is even worse. The last issue I had was a catering order I had which was to be delivered next door. I prepaid and they never showed up! I called 3x and 30 minutes later some 14 year old is wandering in the parking lot with my order. Although they ended up comping the bill, the manager never called me back after I complained! Typical.笑
The one thing I love this place is that they have such a versatile menu.  You can go with the typical Gyros, a burger, a pizza or a salad.  The gyros and Shwarma are delicious.  You cannot go wrong with the salads as well, my favorite is the chicken curry salad (curry is just the seasoning, and it is not Thai curry).  There happy hour menu is pretty good as well with drinks mostly at $3 and Tapas at $2 (they are quite small)笑
Pitas are always good. However at this location the water taste like they poured it from the toilet bowl. The server brought out lemonade that taste like something from Mars. Also he didn't bring out the food or do any refills. Not impressed with the service but pitas are always good. Good luck on the drinks because what we had sucked!!笑
A pita place with no lamb? The service was decent but the pitas were not that great. The humus tough was excellent!笑
One of my favorite places for lunch or dinner.  Lots of healthy options and almost everything is super yummy and portion size is just right.  We've brought many out of state friends and family and they are always impressed. Big salads and many entries that you won't find at other places like jalapeño hummus, chicken lavash shwarma wrap,  and pesto chicken pizza.  Yum!笑
great place for vegetarian and vegan options and prices are very reasonable. Every time we go we have had very good service as well. This is a local chain that is expanding outside of the Phoenix area. Definitely worth a try when you are hungry for some Mediterranean-American food.  The only downside of this location is that it can get quite loud when it is busy.笑
I don't get it.  I am not a regular by any means, but on the couple of occasions I have tried to give this place a chance they disappoint.  I was craving hummus tonight, and my wife was under the weather, so I decided to order take out.  I ordered hummus, a chipolte chicken lavosh pizza and a chicken pita.  I get home (which is literally around the corner) and the pita for the hummus is cold and stiff, like it had been sitting out for an hour.  My pizza, completely wrong.  It looks like I got the lavosh pizza instead of the chipolte chicken I ordered.  The part I don't get, is Mark who was working at the bar opened the box and looked at it.  How do you say chipolte chicken pizza when there is not even chicken on what you are looking at?  

I should go back, but the lack of customer service makes it not worth the effort.  I should have known when he was talking with someone else as he answered the phone when I called, referred to me as Jeff while taking my order and tried harder to be "cool" than accurate, that it wasn't going to go well.  When I got there, he was confused about the woman's order in front of me, arguing with a female employee between when I paid and when he grabbed my order, and then of course reviewed my order for accuracy, which we know how that turned out.  In retrospect, I should have had him turn the box so I could see in it.  The worst part is, I now write this still hungry because the wrong item is covered with items I don't like,angry that something so simple can be done so poorly, and best of all realizing I tipped for the experience.笑
I love this Pita Jungle!! Hayley and Eric at the bar offer great suggestions !!  And they are cool!
Mark the manager- again cool! We had tapas- highly recommend the hummus trio, tomatoes and mozzarella and the pita with herbs- also has onions, olives and tomatoes-- I don't recommend the mussels! Non happy hour- tuna pita awesome!!
Then lavosh -- get the house lavosh!! Veggies!!
Omg!! 
You can't go wrong- but the DR location  is the best!!笑
Okay, so I have lived i Phoenix for a year and a half and I am moving in 5 days and tonight was my first meal at Pita Jungle...can you say SLIP!? 

SO SO good! My girlfriend and I started with the jalapeno hummus which was wondrous! The pita was great and light which didn't take away from the great flavor of the hummus. For my entree I went with the Mediterranean salad which was one of their specials and I LOVED it! A mix of lettuces, tomato, red onion. tabulli, roasted red peppers, pine nuts, golden raisins, and feta cheese topped with a very light lemon dressing made for an awesome dinner. As I looked around the restaurant I wondered how I could possibly make my way back to Pita Jungle before the move. Don't make the same mistake I did-get your ass to Pita Jungle stat! Your tummy will thank me later!笑
Pita Jungle is as good as it gets. Simply said, they have a great concept, affordable food, and friendly service. I even love all those tattoos and ear piercing and other eclectic nuances of the staff. I'm too much of a wimp to get anything pierced, or anything permanently installed on my body, but I love seeing it on your crew. Keep up the great work to the jungle. Me and my friend are sure to be back soon.笑
I am such a Pita Jungle fan, so this review is hard for me. For some reason, this location always lets me down. The service and quality of food at the Tatum location just doesn't seem up to par with the other locations. I live 5 minutes from this one and would rather drive to the Norterra location. The mahi-mahi is usually my go to dish and it's over cooked every time. I switch to salads and still, just not up to normal Pita standards: bad lettuce, missing ingredients, wrong temperature. Like I said, I love Pita, but I avoid this location.笑
I HEART Pita Jungle so so much! Happy Hour is great! Hummus with chicken is fab! Chicken Shawarma is great- flavorful and filling! I've never had a bad meal here!!笑
The food was OK but the staff were unprofessional. One of the hostesses wore a very tight and low cut dress... For a minute I thought we were at a gentleman's club. The hostess placed our menus on a table on the patio. While we were walking to our table, the manager approached us and said "you have to go through the front entrance," as if we sneaked in. He didn't care that one of us was disabled, with a cane. It took almost 20 minutes for our server to come to take our drink order. Someone from our group asked for no tomato and no onion on her wrap... too bad we couldn't find our server to correct the order because he was MIA. Lastly, the food wasn't flavorful. The shawarma was bland and sauceless. If you are into trendy places with snooty clientele and mediocre food, you will love this place.  I've been to the Pita Jungle in Scottsdale and Tempe and had very pleasant experiences at both.笑
Now I realize Pita Jungle is a Phoenix-area institution, but seriously, it really isn't that good.  I just don't think there are many places here that serve good mediterranean style food for people to compare.  And on the flip side, people I know who love good pitas/shwarma avoid PJ like the plague.

Considering my review won't dent their rating one bit amidst all of the "rave" reviews this place gets, I'm only going to highlight a few thoughts I have.

Hummus isn't hard to make, and while theirs is good, it's not absolutely amazing.  Plus, the amount of tahini they put in it makes it very tasty.  But also really high in fat and calories, and unnecessary to put that much in.  

Their pitas are borderline unacceptable.  Perhaps people eating here have never had good fresh pita, but theirs is dry, almost stale tasting, and cold.

Their shwarma (chicken) is not shwarma.  It's just grilled chicken.  How is this shwarma? Because it's in a pita?  It is also completely absent of any flavor whatsoever.

Don't get me wrong, I'm not expecting the most authentic mediterranean food.  But this is so far from the real thing they should strongly reconsider naming it "Pita-like Jungle".  Or Pita-esque.  Pseudo-pita?  The possibilities are endless.

One of these days (maybe, but who knows until how long) a real mediterranean restaurant will open that serves real mediterranean food.  Until that happens though, I guess PJ will still be around jacking people for cash and laughing in the back room about it.笑
Pretty disappointed with this place. Lights out all over. Purses and personal belongings all over the bar. Dirty menus. Bar supplies not put up. The food was substandard. We ordered hummus and it was watery and bland. I know it's a chain but a little more management presence would go along way with details. It was busy and the food came out quick but it was flat, bland and boring. I think people come here for cuisine that's different and it's in a good location. I want this place to do better because I have been to some that were good.笑
I ordered chicken and hummus to go as I had just gotten off a flight from San Jose.  My expectations would have been the norm which consisted of fresh moist chicken with regular and spicy hummus. Unfortunately, The chicken was subpar. It looked like dog food from out of the can and a few chunks of chicken which were not fresh. I expected freshness as the time was approximately 1 o'clock in the afternoon, with a full house of customers. Most of the pieces were hard and rubbery and the rest of it just tasted old.  The hummus was fine, just as my palate craved it.  
I was disappointed and contemplate going back to Pita Jungle.  If I decide to go back it would be for something other than chicken.笑
Great food, good for dates AND takeout! Good  happy  hour  deals  and  half off wine bottles on certain days.笑
Came in for an early dinner to take advantage of their happy hour, which was pretty good.  My wife left half of her dish along with some tapas from later, but unfortunately we forgot the to go box on the table and walked out.  I came back within 30-45 seconds to grab it and was told if had already been thrown away.  They apologized but did not offer a solution.  I appreciate the fast service, but some common sense is obviously missing here...笑
I had the hummus sampler and the glazed chicken pizza. I split it with another person and it was delicious. The atmosphere was good, we ate at the bar and the place was fairly busy at lunchtime. I'll go back again.笑
The food at this Pita Jungle is as fantastic as any of the others. But there's a big difference between this one and others I've visited. The atmosphere. 

Most Pita Jungles tend to have a more bohemian look. Very artsy, but not very chic. The Desert Ridge Pita Jungle instead goes for a very contemporary look. As my girlfriend puts it, this is the "yuppy" Pita Jungle. There's a bar with big screens above it playing sports in HD. The lights and decorations all look like they are at a chic new hot spot. But the food is just as wonderful, and gets to your table just as quickly as all the others.  And there's absolutely nothing wrong with that!笑
This place is delicious!!!!

Even though wait time can take long (depending on whether you dine in or have take out), the Gyros are delicious, as well as their salad topped with onions, lettuce, and crushed feta. Definite five star!!!!笑
The service was not only half asked but also one of the worst in dining I've ever experienced.  I was treated rudely and should have basically served myself.  This is the last time I will dine here which saddens me because I love pita jungle!笑
Third time we've been there for early dinner before a movie. It takes at least 15 minutes to get a wine from the bar consistently. We would have had additional wine but it just takes too long. Bartenders are on the phone taking to go orders. Food came before our wine. Tonight Bartender was attentive to her friends at the bar though. Menu says happy hour 3-6 daily. Waitress says not on the weekends anymore. Food was good but will go somewhere else from now on.笑
If you come here and don't get the Cilantro Jalepeno Hummus...you've possibly made the biggest mistake of your life and you should not be allowed to make grown-up decisions anymore.  Even if you don't like hummus, this is a must have.  It's like the first time you heard the Beatles.  Trust in Pita Jungle.笑
Yelpers seem to live this place... So I had to see for myself!

I'm here for a business trip and was looking for places close to the hotel to walk to. What an awesome little spot! It's kind of hidden back behind some industrial offices... But what a great find! They flavors of this place! Wholly baba Ganesh! Awesome awesome awesome! 

This place is easy to get on and out of, you can eat there or take it with you. 

I came in with a group of 10 and ordered off the menu... Sort of. Mark was so amazing and accommodating. He split this and added that, this meat, that side, this sauce and none of that. What a trooper!  He even packed up our drinks in "to go cups", split our checks and had us all happy, full and out the door! 

It seriously was so good, I decided to come back the same day for dinner. ( I NEVER DO THAT! ) I ordered the cilantro jalapeño hummus ( texture and flavors remind me of guacamole!  Omg! ) and added chicken and 2 extra pittas. This is soooo big that it's going to be my full meal, with the baklava..... Of course. For all of that plus a huge green tea... 19.00! Worth every stinking penny!! 

Mark! I will be back every time I'm in AZ! awesome experience and awesome place! PITA JUNGLE , you rock!笑
I came in for lunch today (8/31) and had great service! The waitress was very attentive and the manager was very sweet.  The manager came over to see how everything was and made my children feel apart of our conversation. She asked them about their food and you could see how great that made them feel. It's nice to see a manger stop by and check in with all of the tables. I think this location should be very happy they have such a sweet manager who makes sure your customers are happy.笑
This place is always packed.  Even though it's kind of hidden and not close to Desert Ridge, it will be packed.  The food is sort of hit or miss. It's mostly healthy, which is good.  But sometimes it can be kind of dry and plain.  The hummus is definitely tasty but some of the pitas lack in flavor compared to say, King Gyro.  Service is usually good and the prices are reasonable.  I would say if you are on  a diet or just in the mood for some healthy eating- this is definitely a good place to go.笑
Maybe i was just really hungry. The food was delish and very satisfying! Good service, too. :)笑
Story of a Wood Fired Chicken

Once upon a warm, sunny March day, two ravenous monkeys entered the Jungle of Pita. The two monkeys were under the impression that this jungle only offered pita dishes, a notion that quickly proved to be a myth as each monkey ordered a wrap of sorts. As the two monkeys chowed down on their mediocre wraps, each caught a glimpse of a most uplifting . . . chicken. Yes, a chicken. A wonderfully massive Wood Fired Chicken, mounted upon a bed of mashed potatoes, floating by to another monkey's tree. Mouths sputtering water, the monkeys finished their meal and agreed to help themselves to this chicken next time.

Once upon another warm, sunny March day, the same two ravenous monkeys entered the Jungle of Pita and each ordered a fine-looking Wood Fired Chicken. Anticipation knocked on their trees as they waited. Finally, the chicken arrived. The monkeys ravaged each bite of their outstanding meal, which contained a blend of seasoned spinach, mashed potatoes, and juicy chicken - all soaked in a citrusy tomato sauce. Oh glorious day, that day they reveled in the glorious Wood Fired Chicken. Even though the portion was huge, each monkey licked their plate clean and swore they would return again for the Wood Fired Chicken, because that's where it's at in the Jungle of Pita.笑
Date of Visit:  01.06.17 at 1:00 p.m.

Server:  Christi (tall, blondish hair, lots of visible tattoos).

My 'home' Pita Jungle is the one on 7th Street.  This is my second visit to this particular location (Tatum) as I had lunch with a friend who works in a building located in this complex.

Food:  I had the Beef Gyro pita and my friend had two sides (Lentils with Rice and Grilled Veggies).  The food was good and was consistent with other meals we've had at the 7th Street location.

Service:  not good at all - poor!  Think of the interaction you have at most drive-thru fast food restaurants and this is the level of service we received from Christi.  She was very short and to the point - no customer engagement, no smile.  When she initially came to our table, she did introduce herself - but just kind of going through the motions.  We placed our drink order and I stated we wanted an order of the Pita Chips and asked what type of dips were available.  Christi responded by pointing to the Starter section of the menu and said to the effect that 'all of these are dips, just pick one'.  It was obvious that - at least on this day - she was not in the mood to provide a great (heck, even half-way good) customer service experience.  We ordered the appetizer and also our meals at that time.  Our drinks were brought to us by a different person, our appetizer was brought to us by another person, and our lunch was brought to us by another person.  Christi reappeared towards the end of our meal and filled our tea and then came back with the check.  This is where it gets interesting.

Paying Cash - Be Aware:  The bill total was $29.69.  I'm 95% sure (well, more than that but there is always a chance) that I placed a $20 bill, two $5 bills and four $1 bills ($34.00) in the cover.  My friend and I discussed the tip amount as we are both typically generous tippers but felt that the lack of customer service from Christi did not warrant more than $4.00 and change.  Christi came to retrieve the cover and stated that she would be right back - told her that there was no change necessary.  We continued to chat and finish our tea.  After about 5 minutes, Christi reappeared, laying the cover on the table, opening it and stating that we had not put enough cash in to cover our bill and then she just walked away.  Looking at the bills in the cover, there was a total of $29.  My friend and I looked at each other in amazement.  I felt like I had been ripped off (now there is that small chance that I mentioned earlier that I was wrong - but very, very small).  I asked for a manager and Jeff came to our table.  He approached and I said that we had not had a great service experience and his exact response was 'Oh really?' and in a tone as if he did not believe me. I explained our experience - both the lack of customer service and the payment issue.  I stated that I wanted to count the payment in front of him and for him to take the payment so there were no further cash mishaps.  I counted $32.00 and gave it to him - stating that there was a very, very small chance that my first count was incorrect and that we were only leaving $2.00+ tip based on our experience.  The initial response from Jeff was to state that he was sorry and that I did not have to leave the $2.00 tip if I felt the service was bad.  He kept repeating that verbiage - did not have to leave the $2.00 tip.  I felt as if Jeff was really not concerned about our experience and commented to him that I would be emailing the corporate office and posting my experience on Yelp.  At this point, he apologized several times and asked us to come back again to give them another try, etc.  He continued to state that I did not have to leave the $2.00 tip.  It's interesting to note that he never introduced himself; it was only after I asked his name did he tell us it was Jeff.  I'm not going to starve or miss a mortgage payment because of $5.00 - it's the principle.  There were more customer centric responses that Jeff could have offered to include reducing the bill by $5.00 or take a % off the bill due to the lack of service that we expressed.  I normally pay with credit card (love the Amex points) but have occasionally paid with cash - using this same procedure of including the tip amount in the cover initially so the server does not have to return to the table.  Going forward, I will only provide enough cash to cover the bill and then have the server return with the change and then leave the tip on the table.  

This experience has left me not feeling good about visiting Pita Jungle again - I know I will never go back to the Tatum location.   I've always gotten great service (and posted on Yelp) from the 7th Street location and at some point, I may return to that location.笑
Smoothest, creamiest hummus Ive had. All three flavors are great and paired with some whole wheat pitas and some marinated chicken= WIN.
Fair prices and huge portions.笑
This place is such an easy choice! It's super close to my house, the menu choices are plentiful, healthy, and delicious. The service is phenomenal. When Richa handles our table, she is always so friendly, the food comes out fast, and right the first time. She is very attentive, and always makes us want to come back. I have recommended this place and taken friends here, and they all love it.笑
Went out after work with a couple of friends and we decided to meet up at Pita Jungle. This was my first time at this place and I really enjoyed the atmosphere. The food was delicious, I ordered a chicken pita and the drinks were also very good in price. My overall experience was great.笑
I really like Pita Jungle.   One of my favorite dishes here is the Lentil Fatoosh Salad.  I love the combo of the lentils on top of the lettuce, w/ the fried onions and veggies.  The lemony dressing is really great too.  I have to say though, every time I come, it seems to be made a bit differently.  Sometimes there's not enough lettuce, sometimes too many onions.  I find that the consistency of pretty much all their dishes changes a lot.  

Prices are fair and the portions are unnecessarily gigantic.笑
Okay, let me first say I love Pita Jungle. However, the most recent experience was about a C+/-. My friend and I went there to grab a quick lunch during the week, the place was pretty busy and we were informed that there would be about a 10 minute wait. Not a problem. So we went to sit in the booth towards the back of the restaurant. We were soon offered drinks while we waited, so we ordered a couple of iced teas. (A+ service there! So happy when waiting clients aren't overlooked!) So we waited for about 10 minutes and then were showed to our seats...then we waited...and waited...and waited. About 15 minutes later, the server came to take our order, we ordered an appetizer and two entrees....15 minutes goes by and my friend asks if they can also bring cucumbers for the appetizer when it comes out, server says 'No problem'...another 10 minutes goes by and finally our hummus comes out. No extra cucumbers, but by this point we are ready to gnaw off our fingers. With one scoop of hummus left on the saucer, the guy comes out with cucumbers, but my friend says disregard, as there is no longer anything to dip them in...then another 20 minutes goes by and the server comes up to the table to let us know our entrees will be out soon...then another 10 minutes...(for those paying attention, we have been at the restaurant for about an hour and 20 minutes or so) and finally our entrees come out. I ordered a gyro, she ordered the roasted veggie salad. Her salad was good, my gyro was cold. However, since I am more or less working with about 60 minutes for a lunch HOUR, there is no time to even mention it. No matter, the gyro was tasty (even though it wasn't warm). Two hours for a gyro and some hummus is a little extreme.笑
VERY Small HH portions. 

Only 4 tap beers, none local. 

Attitude galore at this location, like other reviewers have said.  What a shame.  The one downtown is SO much better.笑
Went in for my regular order of a philly chicken pita and draft beer. Not sure what has changed, but for some reason placing my order and then getting my food took, what seemed to be, twice as long as usual. I know summer can be slow, but for us regulars, it's nice to know that when we stay loyal during tough times, that our restaurants also stay loyal to us customers by having adequate staff. 

My food was good as usual but being there almost an hour to place and eat a simple order was a little long. 

I'll be back I promise and hopefully so will the service level.笑
i love this pita jungle. great staff, great food, great attention to detail. i love the modern feel. i love that my food always comes out right and that my server checks back a few times after we get our food to make sure all is still good. i love the concept of the community table (but i feel too awkward to actually eat there myself). i wish the waiting area wasn't so cramped. i wish i knew how to make hummus this good. i wish i could eat here every day.笑
I love Pita Jungle and go often.  However, the location on Tatum has had extremely slow service the last two times I was there.  Today 4 of us went to lunch and it was an hour and a half!笑
Super disappointing ... came into this location yesterday for lunch . I gave them one star cuz our server was awesome . We ordered red bell pepper hummus to start and we realized the hummus tasted horrible and way off like someone threw a container of salt in it or maybe it was expired . I have never had this problem from other locations or this bad of food . We ordered the chicken salad pasta and a lamb burger . The lamb burger was way over cooked and my pasta tasted once again like salt was over added . My boyfriend later on was extremely sick from the food and we won't be into another pita jungle for a long time in fear of getting sick again . We won't ever come back to this location . Never seen my boyfriend sick from any food , he has the tummy of a rock .笑
Only Two Stars -- simply because this location doens't live up to any of the other Pita Jungle locations we've visited.

The food is okay but the service is lacking.

Compared to the other PJ locations, the portions are smaller and the food is bland.笑
Flew in from New York with 3 hr time zone difference - just needed something simple and lite to eat as everyone was exhausted. Pita jungle happy hour from 4-6 was perfect fit...appetizers and samples from $1-$5. $1 end was versions dips to $$3 sliders and $5 four slice personal pizza ( the spinach pesto was awesome). Others dined off full menu and everything being served was highly fresh ingredients and large portions. Plenty of seats so no wait. Little disappointed it was in an unattractive shopping plaza but the inside had nice decor of local art. Try the chicken sided, feta cheese dish and spinal chicken pesto pizza...won't disappoint.笑
Great food in a casual atmosphere.  This restaurant is right near my home so it is a favorite spot.  I have been here several times and the food is always excellent!

Looking for a healthy bite in a casual setting?  This place is for you!笑
Y-U-M-M-Y, healthy options. I only wish they had a frequent diner punch card to help me manage the financial aspect of my addiction. (:笑
After waiting for a good half hour, my husband came home with dinner.  I ordered the Mahi Mahi with hummus and It was disappointing. There were only three small pieces of fish and barely enough hummus to eat the soggy pita chips. Not the dinner I had planned or expected on Mother's Day.  I think it is always best to eat in at Pita Jungle.笑
Love me sme Greek! And pita jungle takes care of you. Their Greek salad is huge and it has the perfect amour of dressing an their pitas are warm and tasty. Tge wait staff is young and they have good rapport. It is nice to see them in street clothes, it makes it so it isn't stuffy. Pita Jungle is a great place for lich or dinner and e prepared because they get really busy!笑
Love it, love it, love it! I have been eating at various Pita Jungles around the Valley since I moved to AZ over 6 years ago and I have yet to have anything that I didn't love. My favorites include the Black Bean Burger, Lentil Fetoosh Salad, all three hummus types, dolmas, and gazpacho, but everything is delicious, so you really can't go wrong! The Tempe location also has breakfast, which is amazing! 

Each location is fairly small, so luch and dinner may require a short wait, but its worth it. The prices are fair and the portions are huge! Don't be afraid to split a dish with a loved one.笑
We came here simply because it was right next to a frozen yogurt place next door. My fiancé had the shawarma pita and I had the red quinoa jalapeño hummus dish. His was good, but the chicken was quite dry. Mine was amazing!! Red quinoa with arugula and kale, tomato, cucumber, red onion, feta, EVOO, lemon over jalapeño hummus with corn chips. Mmmm mmm delicious.笑
My wife and I have had very good lunches, dinners and happy hours at a number of Pita Jungles, but the Desert Ridge location is now becoming one of our favorites. We had a happy hour and lunch within the same week and were very pleased with the consistency, quality, and freshness of the food. Our waiters were very friendly and attentive and the manager conscientious and professional. We highly recommend this location to friends and family alike. Thanks for an enjoyable eating experience.笑
I had lunch at Pita Jungle with my mom yesterday. We were looking for something close, good and healthy and Pita Jungle met our criteria. I live around the corner and eat there often. I would not say this is the most authentic food on the planet, but the food is always fresh, affordable and AMPLE! My mom and I could have (and should have) split a pita and left there completely satisfied. She got the gyro and I had a chicken shwarma pita. Both were pretty good (although I prefer to go a mile down the road to Eden's Grill for the real deal, which I did later that night).
The atmosphere at Pita Jungle is great. It's very open and the decor is contemporary, music is decent. The patrons seem to be healthy and happy, which adds positively to the ambiance. The service can be hit-or-miss, but overall everyone is friendly, just at times can be a bit slow. 
I recently went there for Happy Hour, which I liked and hated all at the same time. I enjoyed being able to sample several small plates, expanding my experience with the menu, but the portions were minute, which was really surprising/disappointing since everything I've ever had there is ridiculously over-sized.  While it was fun to taste some new things, it was a bad value and I likely won't return for another Happy Hour. 
Overall, it's convenient, has a nice atmosphere and is fresh and healthy. I think it's well above average, but again, when I have a craving for real middle eastern fare, I would just assume running a bit further down the road for some more authentic food.笑
Jen is our server often here and our tennis group loves her because she is always cheerful and attentive. And she also gets the orders right and the bills correct. What else can you ask??
Oh yea, the food is great too.笑
Love this place. nice decor and great food. awesome happy hour to. 
nice lil tapas to choose from and pretty good drink prices. Stella on draft is my favorite $3.00.笑
Let me start by saying my review has nothing to do with the food, which was terrific.  It has to do with the service which was terrible all the way around. Hostes starts off by being rude to my kids who went in first to get a table. Walked up, took menus and walked away without saying anything to them.  It took about 15 steps for her to turn around and look at them as if they were stupid for not following her.  After that she gave them a hard time when they told her we had a party of 5, initially refusing to put together two tables to fit us.

Next, our waitress was late (apparently 30 min), which I didn't need to know, but the waitress staying to cover felt obligated to share. New waitress came, introduced herself by saying...you waiting on anyone else? In addition to staring at herself in the wall mirror the whole time we were ordering, she didn' pay attention to what we were asking her.  Then,  when my mom paid and said, "keep the change (16% tip even with cruddy service) she brought back the changed and slapped it down, saying here's the change and gave a bad look.  

I would have complained to the manager, but after watching her treatment of the woman behind us who had to wait 40 minutes to get her food done correctly, I choose not to.  That woman was smart, since the manager wouldn't give her a break on the bill she simply put the tab on the table, said, I guess this one's on you, and left.笑
Pita Jungle is the best. They have excellent service and they gave us the food regardless of being busy on a Saturday night. I felt super healthy after eating the chicken salad, and I also had some cilantro japapeno hummus from my friend. It was a bit too spicy, but that was my fault. I'll be coming back again!笑
My visits to Pita Jungle consists of mostly hits with a few misses. 

The pros-
Happy hour is a bargain. $3 for any draft and they have good ones. Tapas are only a few bucks each. Keep in mind these are tapas. The portions are meant to be tiny. But they are perfect for leisurely nibbles. Our absolute favorite among the tapas are the mushrooms. Garlicky lemony mushrooms. Scrumptious. Our second favorite is the garlic dip. We actually prefer it over the hummus. The thyme pita is a good deal. $2 for a giant pita smothered in herbs, feta, and olives.

They have the best coconut curry soup. All their soups are good and usually vegetarian but this one is craveable. 

My hubby likes their gyro and their fish dishes.

The cons-
Their veggie wrap is not good. I have had it at the other locations and enjoyed it but not so much at this location. Too many carrots and too dry.

My husband didn't care for their chicken. He said it wasn't bad... it just wasn't anything special.

Service can be a bit apathetic. Servers do not look pleased to be there. We prefer the service at the bar. Bartenders are quick, efficient, and pleasant. 

Bottom line- we stick to the bar, particularly for happy hour. Cheap booze, tasty nibbles, and a great view of whatever game happens to be on their TV.笑
Having gone to ASU and been to the original Pita Jungle location, I was very excited to see Pita Jungle down the street from our new house.  I've been here several times to eat in and take out and the food is consistently the same as the one in Tempe.  My favs - Cilantro and Jalapeno Hummus with Chicken, Chicken Shwarma, Garlic Potatoes, and taboule.  I do have to say that this location is always really busy and it can get very loud in there.  If you're not in the mood to deal with crowds, order takeout...the food is the same.笑
Great service and fantastic food,  Ask for Chris!  a your server and you won't be disappointed!笑
I have been here a few times.  While I do enjoy it for a few select items, I can't give it a higher rating.  

Let me start by saying I really like their hummus, baba ganoosh, and dolmades.  My favorite main dish by far is the philly steak pita.  I haven't had the chicken version, but if it is done the same way it's probably good.  I also have a friend who loves the Mediterranean roasted chicken.

I have had no problems with service, and the place is always clean and bright.  Also, baby-friendly.  I have an under-one year old and there is plenty of room to park a stroller if you bring one.  This is a big plus for me.

On the down side, I have not liked any pita I've had other than the philly steak pita so far.  The falafel was sandpaper-dry, the Mediterranean tuna was also very dry and mostly tasteless though it was a very large serving. The gyro...you guessed it...also very dry!  I'm not sure what they're doing to their food to make it all so dry, but I wish they'd stop.  Their iced chai also tasted like milk, which was very disappointing since I love chai.

I will continue to go back because their starters are very good, and I know there is at least one regular item that I like.  I'll have to try the chicken dishes soon.笑
It was a last minute decision to have dinner there .. Was looking for something quick and fresh .. It hit home in both counts .. Very reasonable place and the service was friendly and efficient .. Try the kaftan .. The jalapeño hummus hit home笑
I like this Pita Jungle location more than some others because the bar and seating is better laid out.  Great food and lots of vegetarian options.  Their cilantro jalapeño hummus is top-notch.  Typical Levantine fare with some southwest flair.  Bartenders are really attentive, and they actually have a lot of tvs for sport-nerds like me.  Only complaint is the to-go orders come with cold pita bread in the bag it came in from the bakery.  The rest is great, but the bread from Albertson's doesn't feel very special.  Just warm those suckers up and put them in foil like every other Med - restaurant please.  Great spot particularly for desert ridge.笑
Always loved that place . We would go here once , maybe twice every week . But so many servers have changed lately and the customer service is now lacking .
We came here today at 7 pm , which was a mistake at first ( too busy !) but anyway . It's been a several times now that we had to stand and wait for someone to give us a table and at least get a menus , which lately we are not getting them right away either . 
They didn't have any available tables inside , but as we know that they have heaters on the patio we went there . Came with a 9 month old baby , had to wait outside for about 25 minutes , it was freezing and no one appeared to ask why are we even standing there ? My husband is now going to ask for a waitress , they don't know how to turn on the heater , one ends up not working , and to turn on another one they need a manager . Now the baby is crying , we cannot find a manager , not to mention THEY RAN OUT OF HIGH CHAIRS. Guys , I see lots of families coming to your restaurant and you can't even provide that . Such a mess . I love the food , I loved the waitresses that you had before but now you hiring those students who just don't care . We couldn't wait any longer and left .笑
Best happy hour in the area.  Wish the Desert Ridge location would lighten up on the staff and let them be-the vibe in Tempe is much more mellow.  Things to try:  Black Bean Burger and the Spinach pasta salad-must add chicken.  We always customize our app, by getting 1/2 red pepper hummus (ridiculously delish) and 1/2 tzaziki with a side of cucumbers.  This one is VERY kid-friendly and has the best service around.  We go once a week!笑
Love, love, love this restaurant!  So many healthy options (although, to keep the calories low, and avoid temptation, ask to have half of your meal boxed up right away).  My absolute favorites are the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and the Coconut Curry Soup, but I haven't tried anything I didn't love.笑
Loooove this place! I like the different types of selections and it's fairly cheap in price and decently healthy. One of my top favorite places for sure!笑
Service is quick, food is good. Price is low. Similar to going to a Panda Express for chinese. They do have a Bar. Restaurant in semi-industrial business complex. Noisy on inside. Nothing great here, but nothing bad. Fine for an inexpensive date night.笑
Mouth. Watering. That is what happens every time I come to PJ. I love everything on the menu. Well, everything I've had, anyway, Which is a lot. Let's see...the chicken shawarma, beef gyro, hummus and grilled chicken, lavosh pizza, dolmades, chicken pasta salad, pesto lavosh turkey wrap...yeah. Its all good. I could eat a bucket of their hummus every day. My company caters from them a lot and it is everyone's favorite place that we order from. If I could burrow myself into a beef gyro and sleep there, I probably would.笑
I come to this branch because it is closer to my home.  The place is nice, however it lacks something.  Maybe it is because it feels just cold.  The food is nowhere near the one on Shea & Scottsdale Rd.  Sometimes I have no choice but to come here if my doctor is running late.笑
This is my favorite place to eat. The red pepper hummus and the chicken salad are pretty awesome. They also have a good idea with the kids meal.笑
I've been here 3 times even after my first experience wasn't great I thought I would give them another chance. But it's the same each time. The food isn't that great, my pitas always fall apart on me and the vegetarian pita has no flavor. Their hummus is pretty good but I don't think I will go back since I've discovered new Mediterranean places around.笑
Stopped in with my lady, and never had before been to this location. Establishment was clean, the staff was friendly and professional, and the food, as expected, was delicious. My lady had the wood fire chicken with mashed potatoes and loved it. I had some hummus and caramelized cauliflower. Thanks for the food and service folks. We'll be coming back.笑
This is the go-to place for me and and a few of my co-workers.  Why? Because it's somewhat healthy (one of my co-workers is vegetarian and they have a lot of vegan offerings) and we all love the food here.  Not everything is perfect, but the meat is always very well cooked and lean, they sometimes use too much garlic (but I like garlic) but the portions are healthy sized, and you don't have regret later for eating badly.  

The gyros here are great btw.笑
I love stopping into Pita Jungle for their happy hour after work.  Its a great little bar with a fun atmosphere that fills up fast.  My only 2 complaints are how their food specials on happy hour are only til 5:30 (cuz so I'm frugal!) and how all the employees wear regular clothes, so I can never tell them apart from the customers.

When I can get off early enough to make it in time, the portions for happy hour are perfect for a little eater like myself at $2-3 a pop.  Their hummus is by far my fav and I crave it for weeks after I go there!笑
I finally made it to this new location of Pita Jungle last week for dinner... While it has a different feel to it, I liked it just as much if not more than the other locations.  It's modern and spacious and has ample seating both inside and out.  Not to mention, you can always count on PJ for an affordable, filling, and healthy meal.

I went with a group of five of us on a night that was actually pleasant (not too hot), so we opted to sit outside even though there was a ten minute wait to do so.  We sat at the communal table inside and ordered some hummus as an appetizer and then once our table was available, we moved outside.

I tried something new this time - the sauteed garlic spinach.  I ordered it as an appetizer (i know, kind of weird), but it was the perfect healthy beginning to my macro platter entree.  While Jared would not kiss me that night (hello, garlic breath), it was worth it... I enjoyed my meal and our service was attentive as well - and that says a lot since our group went through a ton of water and iced tea.  

Other items that our group had were greek salad with chicken, some seafood special, chicken schwarma, and curry chicken.  Everyone was satisfied and went home with a full belly.

I learned that this location is a franchise and not the same owners as the original PJ locations.  I think they are planning on opening some additional locations as well.  That's fine with me - the more PJ locations, the better.  The "Jungle" continues to be an old standby for me, my friends, and family - no matter what location!笑
I'm pretty much a fan of any Pita Jungle.. but especially this newer Desert Ridge location for two reasons. First, it is only about a 10 or so minute drive up the 51 to this Pita Jungle from CenPho with little traffic during non-rush hours. Secondly, the tables are HUGE which is a big plus for me, considering that the tables at other PJ's are cramped and pushed together. They seem to be ironing out the flaws in the food and the space is really beautiful. Pita Jungle is perfect, as always, for a fast, quick and healthy meal.笑
This is one of my first reviews after years of reading others, and I'm happy to say Pita Jungle was a great place to review!!  This menu was very unique even for a Mediterranean restaurant.  One of the suggestions to order was the Carmaelized Cauliflower with Tahin, it was THE BEST VEGETABLE I have ever tasted.  The food was all very flavorful as well as being very fresh tasting.  The service needed a little help as it took 5 minutes to get our forks to enjoy our amazing vegetable!!!  Thumbs up Pita Jungle!i笑
Why do amazing restaurants like this only exist on the left coast?!? Visiting my parents from the Midwest and was blown away by this great fast casual restaurant. Had the ahi tuna appetizer with the cilantro jalapeño hummus. Amazing. My son and mom had chicken pitas and raved. The only mediocre item was the side of rice and beans which was just eh. Still can't wait to go back!笑
Love this place. Pita Jungle is always an easy choice for a meal out with the family. Great kids meals.笑
This place is wonderful,  salads, pitas and anything for lunch.  This place is a little loud but is definitely chill.  Philly cheese steak pita....The bomb.笑
Went back for a late lunch today and it was amazing our server was super nice and informative food was awesome as usual!  I was going to post pics but I ate it too fast ! We had the Mediterranean salad basil pesto pizza philly cheese flatbread and my husbands favorite cilantro hummus! Great job pita jungle and we will see you again笑
Oh, Pita Jungle!  Dining in or carry out, I have never been dissatisfied!  It is so wonderful to find a quick, inexpensive, healthy meal, especially when pressed for time and needing to call in an order to be picked up.  The chicken Philly pita with a side of tzaziki rocks my world!笑
This location is a lot nicer than the arrowhead one, decor and demographics wise. 

Some of their plates are also bigger and you get more of what you are paying for. I saw the garlic potatoes and they looked so much better than the ones at the arrowhead location. The salads were the same but I think we may make this our primary location. 

One tiny complaint: too much raisins in the Mediterranean chicken salad at this place.笑
There is nothing I would change about this location. The staff tends to lean to the younger set, but don't let that scare you. The attention to the customer, service, respect and courtesy is #1. Our server, Kyle was attentive without hovering, enjoyable to speak with and very good at knowing the menu and making suggestions. Having three different flavored teas to choose from was a bonus. The hummus selection is fantastic. Any special request are met with a smile and the food is consistently good. I ordered the Mediterranean Chicken and substituted gyro meat. It is absolutely my go-to favorite salad in the entire world and it's enough for two meals. Everything is fresh and healthy. 
In the mood for tapas and beer? My BFF and I have consistently had a great time, super service and great food and drink at the bar. Nothing bad about this place whether it's a casual date, bar by yourself to watch a game or drinks with a friend.笑
We use this as one of our staple restaurants. Better than average food and good service. It is noisy because of the poor ceiling design, but other than that it's a good place to go for a quick dinner, lunch, or happy hour.笑
The absolute worst food ever. The shawerma was a chicken breast cut to pieces, the pita was cold, the only one thing good about this place was the server that's it.笑
Love the food here but service is really lacking. Waited 10min to pay for my takeout order because the bar waitress (who handles the take out orders) was working (very hard) to fill drink orders, answer the phone, and help customers at the bar, all while multiple service staffers and what appeared to be management stood around chatting (the restaurant was 1/4 full at the time). Unacceptable.笑
One of my favorite spots in the valley for lunch, dinner or takeout. Never disappoints and food is always fresh and fantastic. My best friend and I meet here every other week and have wine and dinner and it's very reasonable. Ahi and hummus appetizer is a favorite and you must try the caramelized cauliflower side and/or the coconut curry soup. Oh and the best falafel pita I've ever had. Love love love PJ!!笑
I'm been waiting for over an hour to get some items I ordered from the happy hour menu. Our waiter is a complete moron and apologized for nothing. Won't be back. 

Update: the manager finally came over and comped our bill which wasVery nice. It has been so long that I was still a bit hungry when I left. I won't return to this location.笑
gyros suck!!! They call themselves healthy?? There greasy as hell. oil dripping, no flavor yuckk笑
My first experience with Pita Jungle was very disappointing. The server that took my to-go order was awesome, very polite; it was just the food that was absolutely dreadful. I've had gyros from fast food chains that blew this one out of the water. I don't understand having pickles on a gyro to begin with, and this thing was covered in pickles, there were literally pickles in every bite. Instead of the black olives I'd requested, they used kalamata, which I had to pick out all of those, along with the pickles. That I could have dealt with, but what I could not handle was the fermented flavor of the overly ripened tomato slices, or the fact that the only lettuce used were nothing but the pieces with large ribs. So...after picking my way to a little over a quarter of the way through I found loads & loads of red onions, like they'd grabbed a whole handful and thrown them in one place. I just gave up at that point and threw it in the garbage. I honestly don't know anyone who could have stomached that thing.笑
This is one of my favorite places in Scottsdale for a quick, inexpensive but good, semi-healthy meal.
The pita de Sol style is terrific. I've had quite a few items on the menu. My favorites are the philly steak pita, spicy chicken wrap, chicken del sol, and the chipotle chicken lavosh pizza.
The offer take out, so you an call in and your order will be waiting for you (as always, be sure to check your order for correctness before you leave). The place is never empty, it seems to be quite popular. 
When you first enter, there is a bar. You can eat at the bar, or just relax with a glass of wine.
The servers have always been friendly. Sometimes service can be slow when they are crowded, but that's to be expected. 
All in all, a great choice for a casual meal.笑
I am a huge fan of their hummus!  The best anywhere!  However, I always have to ask for extra pitas...

I always get the greek salad with chicken.  It's delicious!  And when they add the extra chicken, it's almost too much!  I guess I would rather there be too much chicken than not enough.

Service here has always been good.  I like the inside of this Pita Jungle a lot more than the other locations.  This one is much nicer inside with a nice bar area too.笑
Came here for G's birthday.  That is nice of them to take reservations for us.  We had 11 of us.  The service was great.  The place can get a little loud.  I ordered hummus and grilled chicken with pine nuts served with pita!  Very good a little salty then normal.  Never had to ask for a refill - Awesome!笑
Pita Jungle is a great place for lunch or dinner, with lots of vegetarian options and healthy options. The only real downfall of this location is the noise - with a full work week crowd at lunch, it's insanely loud...like almost having to yell at your companions to be heard loud. I got the Pesto Pita pizza, which was yummy and filling, and a Greek Salad which was fresh and good. My favorites are the hot salads because they are big and filling. The lentil fetoosh salad is so great - delicious and savory rice & lentils, topped with lightly dressed salad, topped with amazing caramelized onions and pita crackers. So satisfying and delicious, and feels really healthy too.笑
The service was amazing. The food was equally amazing. I had the Lentil Fetoosh salad and a cup of the Mayan chili. I love the casual and laid back atmosphere. It's also refreshing to the staff in comfortable day to day clothes as opposed to mundane uniforms. Thank you for an awesome experience.笑
I have been eating at this joint for the last 4 years. I have probably paid for someones college. The food is always amazing. The staff is always friendly and the garlic dip and hummus is out of sight. (That means "FANTASTIC" for those born after 1990) 
I give it a 10 on a scale of 1-Awesome.
Go. Eat. Now.笑
I was served some dry , and over cooked chicken. I asked for it to be remade.  shortly after , they brought me some chicken that was chopped extremely too fine. It seemed to be a joke , because I could not pick it up with the fork , nor a spoon for that matter . I remember making eye contact with the cook on the line, and he seemed to be throwing a fit / temper tantrum of some sort , over selling me reheated chicken . This is my second experience here , since I've let my girlfriend introduce me to this , and we will not be returning , not only because of the disrespectful cook, but also because of the menu not being specific, about serving smaller than bite-size "wood-fired," chicken .笑
I found this place on yelp and called for carry out. Ordered the Ahi and pita chips as an entrée and a Greek side salad. The Ahi and pita chips was outstanding. I think there was jalapeño hummus in there which made the whole thing stand out. Next time I will ask for the Ahi rare, but otherwise it was really nice. The Greek side salad was perfect as well.笑
I am a huge fan of Greek cuisine and this establishment! The food is always fresh and the portions are generous. 
Every time I go I have a different item from the menu. Last night's choice was the chicken combo plate. Once again I was completely satisfied!!!笑
Love it.. Been eating it since 1995. Spicy chicken wrap, Mediterranean pasta salad, hummus, curry chicken salad笑
I had the mahi mahi dinner with the hummus and spicy pita chips. The green hummus was very good, best part of the meal, but the mahi was meh, just ok. It didn't taste fresh, was a bit fishy. The pita chips have a weird red seasoning powder on them, which makes them gross. I asked for a plain pita and it was better. All in all, not a great meal for $12笑
Had the chance to enjoy this location last night with a good friend.  They have catered previously for a lunch at my company and the food was excellent, so I was excited to be able to actually visit their physical location.  The venue did not disappoint.  Very modern in it's decor and appearance.  The front desk hostess was extremely nice (and wearing an adorable Star Wars shirt - jealous).  

I had the One Thousand Beans Pita, my fiance had the Gyro and our friend had the Chicken and Hummus.  Everything was well prepared and tasted amazing.  The only down sides were the lack of waiting room in the front portion - there was only a five minute wait to be seated, but there was a bit of a crowd waiting to be seated, so it was a touch uncomfortable.  The other thing was the amount of time it took to get our food seemed a bit lengthy and they forgot the steamed veggies our friend ordered to accompany her hummus.  

However, on the up-side the waitress acknowledged the wait, apologized and immediately rectified the missing veggies!  It was a very busy location also, so waiting for freshly prepared food isn't really a bad thing - just more something to keep in mind.  Go for happy hour, get a drink and have a nice chat while you wait for the food.  

Overall: A 
Recommendations: Go for happy hour (until 6 p.m. and late night happy hour from 9 p.m. to close).  Go with friends and order a variety of foods and share - everything sounds delish but you can't order it all!  Or can you....笑
Fantastic dinner at Pita Jungle!   Wish we had this place back east!  Fantastic app of Seared and Seasoned Tuna over Hummus.  A combo I wouldn't have thought of but flavor that knocks you off your feet!   Great Gyro too.  No street meat here!   Wife had Hummus and Beef tips and she loved it as well!   Young vibe and good bar scene.  Open late.  Quick sit down service.  We will be back very soon. Can't wait!笑
I always come to pita jungle just for their wood fired veggie lavosh. Just had dinner there tonight for my birthday with my family and they completely ruined my favorite item. When I got my meal I had to check to see if they gave me the right thing. The dish now has very little veggies(used to be a huge wrap) and they have added multiple cheeses and pesto that I had to get removed due to my dietary restrictions. If you used to come for this dish you will be severely disappointed. Probably won't be back anytime soon unless they go back to the old lavosh.笑
I get togo food from here often and the bartender is always fast and friendly. The menu has a lot of healthy and tasty options.笑
I am sooooo glad there is now a PJ much closer to my work! It is all of 7 minutes away. 

I had a reallllllllllly bad craving for some Jalapeno Cilantro Hummus so I called in an order to go and added a side order of lentils and rice. 

My total bill was $11. That's why its only get 4 stars. The prices seem to keep going up as each new location opens. 

Though, for that $11 I got a large order of the most tastiest hummus ever. AND the side order of lentils and rice is so ridiculously large that I have been eating it for 3 days now. I was expecting a cup sized amount, instead it looks to have been at least 4-5 cups worth! 

I've gone in to dine here a few times as well and haven't had any issues. Keep it up PJ!笑
Amazing food! I always get the hummus with chicken and it never disappoints. Katie was a super friendly and fun server!笑
Eat here at least once a week, always ask for christi when she is available. She is one of the best servers I have ever come across!!笑
possibly the best vegetarian friendly restaurant in phoenix.  love the pita crisp.  pretty good beer on tap,  and lots of menu choices.  we usually sit at the bar where they have several HD tv's and a full liquor selection.  great atmosphere too.  i've been to 2 other pita jungle locations and like this one the best.笑
So much better then Amy's Baking Company Bakery Boutique & Bistro笑
I've been to other Pita Jungle locations before and have enjoyed both my food and the service. Today, my food was again great, but the service was absolutely awful. 

My friend and I had a limited amount of time. We weren't in a crazy rush, but we were hoping to be finished in less than an hour. We were seated outside and then waited 15 minutes for any service (note: it was not busy). The only reason we received service at that time was because my friend GOT UP AND ASKED someone to come to our table. The waiter who took our drink order was not our actual waiter (as we found out later). Our actual waiter showed up after another ten minutes to take our order.  It took an additional 30 minutes to get our food to us - we ordered the tapas Hummus Trio and Dolmades. (Really? Did it require 30 minutes? Oh well.) Once the food made it to our table, it tasted delicious.

At one point, our waiter (one of the three times he actually came to our table) asked us if we were in a hurry, and then, why we were in such a hurry. A) that's none of your business and B) we wanted to be in-and-out in an hour - that's not asking for much!

In all, it took us an hour and fifteen minutes to eat two tapas appetizers, and it was all due to the poor wait service we experienced.

I hate to just rant about our poor service, but it was just terrible! Especially when I know that Pita Jungle is capable of soooo much better! I'm going to avoid this location from now on.笑
Thousand bean pita-

I was reluctant to try this place but my boss had a meeting nearby and I was starving so I thought what the heck, let's do it. I showed up on a wed at 3, service was quick, waiter johnathan was very pleasant and kind. 

The pita-

It was pretty good. Nothing too spectacular about it but if you're hungry, not in the mood for meat but want something filling, this is the way to go. Be a bean/rice lover & this will be your jam!笑
Oh Pita Jungle, I love this place!! Fresh, refreshing and always tasty. Garlic dip is amazing! The hummus platter is so tasty! Broiled chicken pita! Mediterranean Chicken salad is my fav! 
The service and food never disappoints!笑
Hummus and Chicken Shawarma are always AMAZING!!!!  There salads are large and yummy!!!  Every time we eat here we are always pleased!  Service is prompt, despite how busy they are!  My children are picky eaters and the choices they have are perfect!  I know that I will always be happy when we come here!!  I recommend this restaurant to everyone!!!笑
The most inconsistent of the four Pita Jungle restaurants I have been to - always disappointed and say I am not coming back to this location.笑
I've been to this Pita Jungle a few times, about 3-4 and ordered carry-out once. Every single time my experience was great. Great service, great food, and great atmosphere. I've ate at the patio once during a rare cold winter night, and the waiter, without us even asking, put a heater right next to us. It was really nice and kept us warm while we ate our food. At times it gets busy, but the wait has never been too long and annoying. This place is great, and compared to other Pita Jungle's I've been to (the one on Shea, Tempe, and Downtown Phoenix) this Pita Jungle has to be the best. The ambiance is nice, and the decor is very welcoming. A big open room for the dinning space works well.笑
We always enjoy a good lunch at any Pita Jungle.笑
The best hummus I have ever tasted!

I have even tried buying several different store brands just so I can have hummus at home, but I have not been able to find anything as good as Pita Jungle's.  They have an online allergen menu showing all common allergens that are in their food.  This makes it so easy to order right off their menu with many items not even needing any substitutions if you do have an allergy.  

I love the Happy Hour as well.  Many times I have walked away only spending $10 and that is with tip.  Their Happy Hour consists of small portions of their hummus, shrimp, scallops, pine nut chicken, falafel...all about $2 a piece.  Oh and wine is I believe $3 on HH as well.

Yum Yum!笑
We typically love PJ, but this location is the worst!  The service stinks and every time we order take-out, we ask to make sure the sauces and dressings are included and every time they forget.  And when we ask to double check upon pick-up, we get attitude.  We will not be visiting or ordering from the Desert Ridge location again.笑
Didn't know what to expect here.  We saw one of their shops while driving around.  When we google mapped the one on Tatum Blvd it was a little hard to find as it's hidden in an office building complex.

The food was okay and could be better with some instructions.

If you get the spanakopita tell them to keep it in the oven until the top layers are crisp.

The beef gyro was surprisingly good............but skip the garlic potatoes.  They were not crisp and they were garlicky.

Service was pleasant, but a little slow.笑
Sad we just found this place!! We loved it! Katie the waitress is amazing! She was one of the best we've ever had! 
The food was great and the place is kid friendly, the kids plates are a great value! Can't say enough about this place!笑
I have been eating at Pita Jungle for over three years and it never gets old. Love the caribbean salad, the pizza's are amazing and the hummus and pita bread are the best! This along with the great service will make me return for years to come. A little pricey which is the only thing keeping me from the full five star review.笑
Last time at this location! Women's bathrooms are dirty trash over flowing paper on the floor mirrors dirty, not sure they get cleaned daily. 
Went for dinner earlier at 4 and received the wrong drink, cold pitas, and waited 10min to be acknowledged to order drinks. Food sat under the warmer and our waiter was mia.
Will stay away now.笑
This is a pretty straightforward Pita Jungle - I've been here twice, both times for lunch on a weekday. Parking is a pain, so plan accordingly.

The decor is ... nicer?... than other Pita Jungles I've been to, as far as being less bohemian and more upscale, I suppose. If  your idea of "upscale" is minimalist modern art 80s decor (lots of black and white geometric shapes with pops of primary colors) 

The food is as good as any Pita Jungle. It did take a very long time to come out, even though we ordered right away upon arrival, and while the restuarant was busy, it was not crazy busy. 

The real issue is the service. We've dined at the restaurant twice, with groups that are not particularly huge - 5 people the first time, 5 people the second time. 

On my first visit, the hostess tried to refuse to do anything to allow us to sit as a group of 5, unless we wanted to sit at the tall communal table. It was 6 months ago, so my memory is a tiny bit fuzzy, but what stands out is that a) our very reasonable request was apparently insane and b) she was very very rude, and continued to be rude in our direction throughout the entire meal.

On my second visit (this past week) we sat at the high communal table (to hopefully avoid conflict with any wayward staff members) The communal table is perched at the edge of the bar area, and it suffers from what I consider to be "bar-bad-service-syndrome", which is where the servers handling tables in the bar either have way too large of a section and/or are also taking tables in other parts of the restaurants, and as a result they never show up to help you. 

Our server (30s, long dark hair, mean face) was incredibly annoyed with us from the very beginning. Any and every request was met with exasperated looks, irritated body language, and eye rolls galore. Not "can I please have caviar served on a gold platter while you balance on an elephant's back" sort of requests... can we please have straws, can I substitute roasted vegetables instead of salad, etc.

Here's the thing: when you disappear for 20 minutes at a time, yes, when you return to the table there are going to be several requests that have built up in the meantime, since you deserted us with no assistance for way, way too long.

We were celebrating one friend's birthday (hence the lunch outing) and when the bills were presented, I asked the server to please charge both my check and her check to my Amex. As you can imagine, irritated hair flipping and grimacing ensued.  I even made it as simple as possible by placing both checks into the same black folio. When I recieved my check back, I noticed it was for a lower than expected amount. Upon further investigation, the birthday-girl's check was charged to ANOTHER member of the party (who had not asked for this) SO. FRUSTRATING.

We worked it out amongst ourselves and beat a hasty retreat far far away. Hopefully we can find a better Pita Jungle destination somewhere close to work for future lunch-jaunts.This place is the pits.笑
Food is great and can't beat the price!! Make sure to check your order if you do take out. We always do takeout and ever time the order is wrong. After the 3rd time in a row of this happening we always check to make sure order is correct. Good thing we checked, was wrong again.笑
Love love pita jungle...  Food is fresh and a healthy flare to it.  Some of my favorites... Salmon Salad, lavish pizza (add chicken) trio hummus with grilled chicken or ahi (without spicy seasoning) and of course the baklava!  We come here at least once a week and never disappointed.

The bar has plenty of tvs so we can always catch a game or two!  Better than the junk food you get at a sports bar...笑
I love Pita Jungle, regardless of the location.  The food is delicious, and so much of it for a great price!  Their happy hour is even better and a great way to try a variety of their appetizers.  The service here is pretty quick, always friendly, and if you like fresh lemonade...this is a great spot!笑
It pains me to write a negative review of PJ, but I just have to ... 
I was so excited for the new location to open because my husband and I go to the Indian School location any time we're down that way, and this is way closer to home. We were impressed by all the room up there! Not cramped like the other locations. Unfortunately, the food was not nearly as good! Both of our meals were not nearly as good as we've had before (at the other locations). 
Also, our service was terrible. We asked another server if ours was new, but nope: She'd bee there since it opened a couple months ago. She forgot jalapeno our hummus appetizer (to their credit, they brought it out after our meal and gave it to us for free, but it was bland and not that good). She charged me for a side of tahini, even though it was supposed to come with my veggie burger, and she never refilled our drinks. 
Overall, this was a very disappointing PJ experience. I'll try again one more time, but if it doesn't improve, I won't be going back to this North Valley location. :(笑
First time here and won't be my last after the lunch I had while watching a little golf. Turkey burger was awesome and the bartenders were so nice. My new favorite lunch place.笑
Excellent service. Horrible food. The falafel, lavash pizza, Greek salad were just not good, the humus was just ok - this is a chain and a bad representation of Mediterranean food (not authentic in any way, except menu)! would not recommend or come here again. The plus is the service, our server was excellent.笑
Love the cilantro jalapeno hummus!  So amazingly good.  Great with the Ahi or chicken, but was best with the steak was bummed when they stopped serving it. 

We had the falafel salad earlier this week, and it was horrible. Very dry to the point of burnt.  They brought a new one out, and almost as bad.  The ended up comping the entire check after a billing error wasn't caught right away.  Honest mistake.

In closing, hummus good, falafel bad, customer service, above and beyond.笑
I have to admit, I'm not a fan of Americanized ethnic food. But this place does a very good job of it. They offer high quality food and atmosphere at prices lower than you would expect. Their food selection is quite healthy as well. About the only thing deep fried on their menu I could find is falafel. Their Mahi Mahi with Pita chips, in particular, is very good. And their hummus, you can tell easily, is very fresh.笑
If you are looking for a great restaurant/bar to watch a game, grab a drink and eat something healthy, look no further.  This Greek influenced menu is infested with not only healthy options, but very tasty options for everyone in your family or dining party.  You can't go wrong with the Cilantro Jalapeño Hummus, Jerk Chicken Wrap or Gyro...  Great atmosphere, ambiance, bar, service and food.笑
We enjoyed the food and service we received, but more importantly I am grateful for the professional and kind way the manager cared for my son who became ill while we were eating dinner there one Friday night. My 4-year old son ate a bite of food containing a tree nut and sesame seeds (which we did not know he was allergic to at the time of his consumption, but oh do we now!) and he started to have an allergic reaction.  The manager was so gracious to us - she checked in on us once she knew he wasn't feeling well, she took care of our bill, and even cleaned up the mess left in the bathroom hallway as we raced off to the Urgent Care located in the same parking lot. I am truly grateful for how she helped me through a very nerve-racking and embarrassing situation.  Thank you to the kind female manager on a Friday night several months ago!笑
Customer service is very good.  Everyone is very pleasant and they are kid-friendly.  The food is very good as well - Black Bean Burger being a favorite.  

The only drawback is the beer selection, but that is easy to overlook given all the other positives.笑
If you want a regular restaurant to eat at for lunch or dinner or happy hour, this is your new home!  I've never had a bad meal here and always trying new dishes.   The dishes are huge and I recommend sharing.  The hummus trio is great to split.  The salads are all amazing.  And of course, you have to get some kind of entree or gyro!笑
This ia a review of Pita Jungle corporate activities. Greed seems to be turning a great restaurant chain into a mediocre chain. Their micro managing has eliminated discount bar menus and interference with basic ordering of items all in the name of greed. For instance ordering extra garlic sauce on a pita now is a fee. Wine almost doubled in price and the choices of draft beer are now restricted to the corporate office approved list. Special menu items have been eliminated. 
It is the one size fits all approach that is the kiss of death to many businesses. 
I have been going to Pita Jungle since there was only the one in Tempe. 
Frankly I am a bit disgusted.