Generous pours, pleasant space, friendly staff, good half-price happy hour.笑
Blue Bar is stellar for happy hour! Located inside a hotel, the ambience is excellent. The bartender, James (Jimmy) was so helpful when I couldn't make up my mind on what beer to get, he recommended a mixed drink instead. I trusted his expertise and ordered their Mango delicious mix drink. It was indeed delicious. Both the drink and the Moroccan beef kabobs were amazing! Here's a link to their other great food and beer menu: http://www.wyndhamcleveland.com/assets/pdfs/Blue-Bar-10.15.pdf

I will definitely be back to hangout with Jimmy the bartender, he knows his drinks!笑
I met an alumnae group here two days ago for a happy hour get together. I was looking forward to trying this place - however we were fairly underwhelmed. First, the valet wanted to charge me for overnight parking for the main hotel. I insisted there was shorter parking rates for the restaurant, but he turned me away. As I was driving off, another valet came running after me to apologize and offer the correct rate. As for the restaurant itself, it's a lovely place with an OK menu and OK food. Was pleased with the half off offers for happy hour, although I probably wouldn't have paid full price for the quality. Our service was subpar, as well - the waitress was very timid and seemed bored or annoyed at having to serve us. She wasn't very knowledgeable about the menu, particularly wines, and wasn't great at following up to refill drinks. I'm not fussed to go back.笑
This place sucks. Service is always bad.

Stopped in today after checking in at the Wyndham. Waited 30 minutes for somebody to take my order. Then they told me the kitchen closed 4 mins ago.笑
I hate leaving a bad review, but this is my secret bf time here in the last two months. My server was overwhelmed and you could tell they where short staffed. I asked what the soup of the day was and her response was "I don't know. " , there was no let
Me check or anything. Not super annoyed by this, but I then ordered a Cobb salad that had wilted lettuce, un-ripe avocado with extremely old tasting tomato, my partner got slider which thought where ok and macaroni balls which he said where disgusting. They have a great happy hour, and in the past I have had good food, but not lately. Sorry笑
I really have only been to the lunch buffet and happy hour. I really enjoyed both. 

The lunch buffet is $10 and has a pretty generous selection, including my fave reasonably priced salad bar in the downtown area. 

I love the happy hour. I always get the wings. The chorizo balls and shrimp tacos are tasty too. The appetizer menu at happy hour is half off and wine is $2 off per glass. Location is great and right off the trolley or healthline.笑
A great place to stop by for drinks and appetizers before a show downtown. However, it gets filled up very quick since it's pretty small and there's not a lot of seating around the bar. Happy Hour (4:30 - 7:00 on weekdays) is a great deal. Like $2.75 for mixed drinks and all appetizers are half off as well. 

Pulled pork sliders don't disappoint! I wish they would bring back the goat cheese plate!

The downside is it can be hard to find a seat after 6:00, and service can be slow because of the crowds.笑
Came here on Thursday after work for happy hour, which ends at 7p not 730p as one website said. (So upset I learned about this place at the end of my year-long stay in Cleveland.) We had only a couple minutes before happy hour was order and placed two food orders and drinks. Half off appetizers and drinks is a great deal! We had the fish tacos and caprese flat bread, both were delicious!! The bar had an issue running credit cards, but were eventually able to resolve this. Will most likely return here the next time I am in the Cleveland area.笑
Stopped in this Friday night to catch the happy hour.  The 1/2 off drinks and appetizers were a good deal and there were some pretty good beers on tap to take advantage of.  The bar area was super busy and seemed to get busier as time went on - making it difficult to find a seat.  The service was good but definitely had their hands full with the considerable crowd.

As far as the food - we ordered the:

Hummus appetizer - Very good; comes with cucumbers, olives, cherry tomatoes, shaved carrots, a generous dollop of hummus and warm, soft pieces of pita.  Overall pretty good.

Goat cheese with raspberry jalapeño compote - Excellent; comes with a large piece of goat cheese covered in a spicy/sweet raspberry jalapeño compote and toasted bread.  This is strongly recommended!

The food was good, service helpful, and the booze was cheap but get there early - it gets packed!

Will come back.笑
I stopped for happy hour. It's a great deal half off drinks & apps. As usual the food & drinks were good - Cosmo & flatbread, very tasty.  The staff & kitchen are completely overwhelmed. There is only one register & usually two or three bartenders. The processing system is slow to the point where customers change their payment to cash & it took 30 minutes to get a simple flatbread. The staff is great but the hotel needs to assist them with some upgrades.笑
This is such a hidden gem! This rating is based solely on the happy hour. This is one of the best happy hours in town! They have half price off of any drink and appetizers. Their cocktails are pretty delicious, but the appetizers are so worth it! The portions are big enough to be full meals. One time, I had the Bangers & Mash (Irish sausage and gravy over mashed potatoes), which was delicious and only $5! Where can you get a great dine-in meal for $5! If you have never had bangers before, it is a mild flavored sausage... Don't expect a spiced and flavorful sausage. At another time, I had the fried chicken drumsticks, which came with 3 drumsticks over mashed potatoes. This was also delicious, perfectly fried with delicious breading. I ate every bite of it, and it was only $5.50 or $6 for it! By far, this is one of the best deals for happy hour for the portions and quality! I'll definitely be back!笑
Stopped in here yesterday with some friends, looking for a new downtown happy hour. The advertised 1/2 off drinks and apps sign out front definitely lured us in. This place was packed with the 40+ crowd and all the waitstaff seemed overwhelmed. My friends and I definitely brought the median age down a few numbers, and we felt a little out of place. One of our waitresses was definitely not having a great night, but theres no reason to be straight up grumpy, especially since we're all pretty nice. I asked if they had any specialty cocktails and I got a "I don't know...". So I ordered a glass of cab. And my other two friends got whites (one was weirdly bubbly), mine had a little extra cork in it but no biggie. I can sift. We split some fries which were really good and crispy. I'd probably go back because a $4 glass of wine isn't bad at all! Just get there towards the earlier part of the happy hour.笑
Dropped in after a performance at Playhouse Square. Seems like they get a lot of theater goers on top of being a pretty typical hotel bar. We were lucky to find a table, but we were served at the bar pretty quickly and the bartender was friendly. Only one complaint... It smelled like sewer gas. Hopefully that was a one time problem, but it was definitely noticeable.笑
The food was really good & had great prices f/the meal. We ordered the macaroni balls, chicken wings, walley fish tacos, & caprese flat bread. We went for Happy Hour which is from Mon - Fri 4:30 - 7pm. Everything is $2 off p/item on the menu. The beer & wine were included with the happy hour, but not mixed drinks. I highly recommend that everyone try the bar for its appetizers & food at the restaurant as well as the great selection at the buffet.笑
This place was so underwhelming. The prices were very high for very mediocre food. My friend and I ordered salads and they forgot croutons on her salad and beans in mine. It took me a long time to flag down the server. When we asked about it, the waitress told me I was wrong but she'd double check. Then she told me it should come with the legumes but she wasn't informed about them being out of beans and I could pick another salad but my friend already ate hers, so I declined.  Then she came back and said the Chef found me beans (for which I was grateful) and brought them out (after my salad was gone but I was hungry!). It also took forever to get our bill. I realize it was somewhat busy before a show, but it seemed like there were a ton of servers and not that many at the computer and drink stations. Overall, this place was BORING and expensive.笑
I had read that this is one of the best happy hours in Cleveland so a friend and I decided to stop in. I couldn't disagree more. To start, happy hour pricing was only on beer, wine and food. No happy hour pricing on cocktails? That alone was a disappointing. I had the caprese flatbread and my friend had the poutine which also received some good reviews. The flatbread had an extreme amount of olive oil and was just very wet. The poutine gravy was dry on top (as if it sat under a heat lamp for awhile). My friend had also ordered chorizo on top which more looked like big pieces of chopped kielbasa not chorizo. I would also point out that big pieces of mozzarella cheese don't count as curds. 

On the plus side, the bartenders were extremely nice and prompt and the pours were very generous. I did enjoy the ambience as well but not a place I will be back to anytime soon.