Nothing crazy here. The Fiji-Oahu on brown rice is what I always get. High quality food with no frills. Wouldn't die if I couldn't ever eat it again but I would be sad  that I would need to find another easy and inexpensive yet reliable meal.Ǿ
I recently found this place about a month ago and have to say not only is the food quality usually decent , the service is good and prices are amazing. 

Customers Service:
The restaurant is kept clean and front of the house seems to be family run, however I could be mistaken. The staff is always friendly , attempt to build rapport and remember your order. Which is just a welcoming experience all together. 

The Food:
The menu selection is limited to a couple of rice bowl options , Yakisoba bowls and side items but I personally only come for one thing called the MAUI bowl white rice. This place names their meats variations interestingly and the MAUI version is your traditional teriyaki chicken using dark meet chicken. They also have other including pork,steak and a spicy Jerk chicken variety. I will say I have tried the beef and I was not pleased at all because the beef wash either shredded or cooked in a crock pot so the meaty texture was lost and it was quite dry. The Teriyaki sauce they use for all the dishes is very thick and sweet and took me a second to get used to but I think it compliments the dish because it doesn't completely soak into the rice to make it too saucy. Please don't let me forget the rice, I know its just white rice, but they use premium short/medium grain rice which is nice an traditionally sticky which sets it apart from most other rice bowl shops using long grain rice. They also have a few addons like Crab Puffs(Americanized slightly sweet) and Gyoza which are tasty. The serving sizes are large and don't let the small/large size differences fool you because you will probably get more in the small. Feel free to test my theory ;)

Final Thoughts:
I think you will this is a great little rice bowl shop and have steadily seen their business become more and more busy so they must be doing something right. The only complaint I have is that you have to make sure to go when they are busy otherwise you will taste the difference in the chicken juiciness and freshness. I have gone in when it was dead and and the chicken ( although covered in sauce) tasted dry an like it was sitting out.  My only suggestion is that they stay consistent on the quality and control of the food.Aside from that I am a regular and plan to be for a while. 


P.S Id post a picture but they look like all the other ones!Ǿ
I had been eating here since I was 5. It used to be my favorite place to eat but the newest owners are not doing that great of a job. The food does not taste fresh anymore.Ǿ
I've been going to this place for over 10 years. I never ever been disappointed. The people are nice and the food is better. The chicken is really good quality which is something most places don't have. It's always an affordable treat.Ǿ
Nondescript shopping centers sometimes hold the best secrets, and nestled between a dry cleaner and a nail salon is one of those secrets. I've been eating at Island Teriyaki since high school, and I know that it is still a diet staple for the local high school kids. 

Island has several menu options but the basic chicken and rice bowl is the best choice! Like Robert O. says, this is not the place for authentic Asian cuisine. Serving delicious food for very low prices, this is the place for a quick and tasty lunch. 

I would steer clear on early release days because the Deer Valley kids (and even the teachers) swarm Island like a plague of locusts.Ǿ
I have no idea.....how this place has gotten any sort of positive review on the food side. Service was fine, it was quick and young gal was extremely polite and sweet. But my God that was way below average food. I got the beef and let me tell you, their dry shredded beef is not something that should represent the island name. Not good based off that experience. Now to be fair I'm sure the chicken is probably better but I'm afraid to go back. 

So like I said, service was good, food didn't match.Ǿ
Food is always delicious!  Fresh veggies and all white chicken has no fat, my favorite place to grab a quick bite to eat.Ǿ
I had the Maui bowl w/white rice & it was delicious! I normally don't eat white rice, but the teriyaki sauce provided plenty of flavor so it didn't taste bland. They automatically provide an extra sauce, but I didn't have to use it since there was enough in the bowl. Called in the order for about 5 employees & food was ready w/in 15 minutes of placing the order. Very efficient at accommodating special orders such as food substitutions and/or adding ingredients. Will definitely come again.Ǿ
Heard about this place from some other local folks who had said good things. Dubbed as a chicken teriyaki place with a Hawaiian vibe, which has some unique options most other teriyaki places do not have. Had the Mini Tahiti and a Veggie Egg Roll. It was really good!

Loved they had a mini size which was perfect for me. The luau style slow cooked pork was very tender and had good flavor. Good amount of teriyaki sauce which I appreciated, and the egg roll was fried perfectly. 

Place had sort of a cheesy tiki party feel to it. Which was actually a welcome change to the lack of any atmosphere most teriyaki places in the valley have.  Staff was very nice and appeared to be a family running it.

Would definitely come back for lunch again!Ǿ
This place is AWESOME! If your looking for a wholesome family owned operation with great food you have come to the right place. The food will never disappoint. I come here 4 times + a week. Always reasonably priced. Always fast. When you come here look out for Cameron Slater he's a pro bowler MVP he's always at the bowling alley next door so he's here a lot! Always willing to give you a few tips! Definitely try this place if you are on the fence. Best decision I ever made. And the owner Ms. Kim is Great.Ǿ
Food was surprisingly very good! The island rice was amazing  and there was a cute little island atmosphere so I would definitely come back again.Ǿ
I have eaten here for the last 5 years and love it. Fast, friendly and great food. Highly recommended!Ǿ
I go here all the time for the fast quick and delicious vegetarian lunch! That Catalina is pretty bomb!Ǿ
This place is SICK (as in amazingly awesome)

Island Teriyaki has been a staple of well-priced, delicious food in my monthly diet for quite some time. 

The Good:
- Tons of options on the menu
- Great prices, even better portions
- The Teriyaki sauce is the BEST in Phoenix
- Service is kind and polite. Never had an issue.

The Bad:
- There's only 1!

If you have the opportunity, go out and find this well-hidden gem. You will not be disappointed.Ǿ
I had the small Oaho bowl with white rice and with a veggie egg roll. The bowl was a great portion for lunch. The chicken was cooked perfect and the sauce was just enough for me. The egg roll was crunchy and tasted great. I will be back to try something else for sure...Ǿ
Grandson wanted teriyaki, he loved it.  It was basically a rice bowl place.  Order at the counter, they bring your tray out.  I did try the curry chicken, it was good.  The beef and pork was okay.  Shredded meat in teriyaki sauce, over white or brown rice.

If I worked in the area, it would be a quick lunch option.  As for a dinner spot,  I'd pass.Ǿ
More of 3.5 than 4 stars but rounded it up. Rating based on the type of reataurant this place fell into. Def. Not the kind of place you bring your date but good food for cheap price on west side.Ǿ
Love their chow fun !!! It tastes really good especially with beef.. Tried the shrimp and it didn't taste a good . Also you get midwestern discount along with a free soft drink ! Yay!! Love the lady there !Ǿ
I love this place, always big portions great taste and bang for your buck. You really can't go wrongǾ
This is my trusty dive when I'm in the mood for a $4 rice bowl.  They do it right and do it cheap here in this strip mall joint - and they even have a Hawaiian-style straw hut in the middle of the restaurant, which sadly enough don't come with surfers or hula dancers.  

I usually order the Tahiti or the Fiji bowls - both of which are pork teriyaki - but one is spicier than the other and comes with jalapeno peppers.   And while a typical spicy rice bowl can grow hair on one's chest - it's not as spicy as the stuff at Chino Bandido.  But this place is alright.  Service is always very friendly and quicker than other nearby places.

I wouldn't go out of my way for this or anything.  But if you're up in the Northwest Valley and have extra time you might as well just keep driving east to Chino Bandido for the REAL spicy rice bowls.Ǿ
Island Teriyaki is a no frills dive with less than authentic Japanese/Hawaiian food. However, my family has been coming here for the past probably fifteen years or so and I still crave it often! It has also been through several different owners in that time, but the service is always good and staff is very friendly. I always get the large Singapore (chicken curry) with salad. It is amazing curry! I love that they let you substitute brown rice for no extra fee too. My family's other favorites are the jerk chicken, fish tacos, beef, and shredded pork dishes. Recently, I noticed they have started adding new items like chow fun, orange chicken, and sweet and sour chicken. Not sure how good those are though. Don't expect anything fancy here, but it is a nice and cheap place for Asian food in Glendale.Ǿ
This is really neat restaurant ! They have all different kind of teriyaki menu. It looks like they prepare meal really clean. My favorite is Yaki soba it is noodle with teriyaki with different meat but the noodle is always cooked just right ! I like thatǾ
Love this place. We always order here for work and they are always on point! Even with our lengthy orders we never have an issue!Ǿ
Delicious teriyaki. I have only have the Oahu so far and it was awesome! The chicken was cooked just right and the sauce was definitely made in-house. I will be back!Ǿ
Island Terrayki is a great place to eat at.  The owners are nice the prices are right you can't go wrong with that.  My coworkers and I have been going there for a few years now and we all love it.  Highly suggest eating here if you are in the northwest valley and want some good quality food.Ǿ
This is a little family owned restaurant that has killer Teriyaki Bowls. I eat here almost once a week and I have always had good food, good service, and they have never messed up a order. Everyone from the owner to the cook if friendly and actually talk to their customers.

I am a huge fan of the Oahu bowl, and if you are going to check this place out, I would suggest trying it out. The price is right and the place is clean. If you are in the area give it a shot!!!!Ǿ
Was searching for a new restaurant and decided to try this place out. Not my best decision. 

They have a pretty limited menu. I ended up ordering a small Oahu bowl. It's supposed to be chicken breast with their teriyaki sauce. I substituted the rice that it normally comes with for vegetables. 

The bowl I got was vegetables with cubed pieces of check on top. Unfortunately, it was absolutely drenched with sauce. Like swimming in sauce. I was even given an extra container container of sauce in case I wanted to put more. Maybe they forgot that there was no rice to absorb some of the sauce, but it was just way too much. 

Also, if the sauce was super good, I probably wouldn't have minded, but the sauce was average, at best, and wasn't really unique. I know there's only so many ways to prepare teriyaki sauce, but this felt like it was a recipe pulled off the internet instead of someone's unique creation. 

The staff was friendly though (hence the 2 stars), but I doubt I will go back there.Ǿ
I've been coming here for 18 years! This place is so consistent. I love how it tastes the same (sooo good!) as it did 18 years ago!Ǿ
I eat here several times a month while working. I love the spicy chicken ska Jamaica. The staff is always friendly and my experience is always good. If you are around the area and need a clean friendly and reliable place to go this is it.Ǿ
If you are going to include 'Island' in your name, you better make us feel like we are on an island.  Indeed that is what they have done.  From the faux palms to the cartoonish waves and surfers, it was well decked out for a school play.  

But that's not why I love this place.  The one item that beats the competition is their teriyaki beef bowl.  The beef is prepared so tender topped with their homemade teriyaki sauce.  You can tell it had been braised for hours.  When you can leave a memorable impression like that, you can Yelp about it later.

Their menu is focused on primarily meat and rice--just the way I like it! The lady behind the counter is so sweet and kind.  This mom and pops is the type of place you come for those delicious cheap meal nights.  No doubt I will make a return.Ǿ
Always have to make a trip to this place when in Phoenix. Very clean and friendly place with delicious food and at a good price!Ǿ
I'm not sure why this was rated so highly since it tasted like cat food shipped in from the Hawaiian Island by boat. Quite frankly, I've had nightmares that left me with a better feeling in my stomach that the substandard swill i at at this 'Hawaiian' restaurant.Ǿ
Tried this place for the first time and got the mini Maui chicken for lunch. Teriyaki is mediocre at best, chicken is not freshly prepared as if they took it out of the fridge and stuck it in the microwave for a few seconds. Salad is just a cheap head of iceberg lettuce chopped up. I should've headed down the street to Leo's Hawaiian and stuck to my usual.Ǿ
I've been going to Islands for over five years now and absolutely love the Oahu/Catalina combo! Great service, the employees always have a smile on their face. Price and quality is exceptional! Definitely recommend trying this place if you're in the mood for Teriyaki!Ǿ
I love Island Teriyaki for many reasons. The food is always prepared perfectly. I'm a fan of the all white chicken bowl. The service is always prompt and considerate. I believe it is locally owned which is just another plus.Ǿ
Its a very awesome place with great food and service . She changed the time from 11-6 to 11 - 8Ǿ
This place is the best in the valley everything is made to order and it never disappoints the island fried rice is to die for the best everytime if you in the area or craving some bomb teriyaki make sure to stop by you will leave with a big happy smile as I always doǾ
Great lunch spot, $6 for a "small" lunch bowl of rice and your choice of meat/sauce. Employees are also nice, and there is plenty of seating.Ǿ
Drove by this place for awhile and they always seem to be busy... I reviewed a FEW reviews on Yelp and everybody seems to love this place...
But I was not pleased at all... Chicken was not " to die for " like I had read... It wasn't juicy at all... The rice smdh... To sticky for me! And the sauce is nothing special...  I was hoping this could be my new lunch spot... But sadly I'm on to the next!Ǿ
Menu mainly includes rice bowls with different kinds of meat. The food is good and at a great price. The service is friendly and quick. We have been going there for years and have always had a great meal.Ǿ
Each time my husband and I come here we are always pleased. I love the family environment. The woman, who I think owns the place, knows our orders before we even say a word. The service is always spectacular, it is always clean and the food is the best! I couldn't be happier with this restaurant. Service is extremely fast and always correct! We will keep coming back for as long as they are open! Kudos to you for keeping the restaurant consistent for as many years as we've been going there. We will be back for our usual soon!Ǿ
I really really like this place for lunch, the price is really good for how much food you get, and the food is delicious. I usually get the Maui Bowl, (teriyaki chicken + Rice) I have to say the Staff is super friendly and always gets our lunch order on time by the time we drive 1 mile to pick it up. It is usually pretty busy at lunch time which is always a good sign.Ǿ
3.5 stars

I'm a fan of Flamebroiler (do they have those in AZ?) so I'm trying to find a decent teriyaki bowl place close to me. I want to say rice bowls are for Asian/Indian people what sandwiches must be for White people lol; quick, cheap, tasty and a usually healthy meal. I think this place fits the bill! 

I got the cayman which is a combo of two of their items. I got the Fiji and Singapore curry. Fiji is like slow cooked chuck roast in teriyaki sauce, good but still a little tough. Singapore curry had chicken and carrots in like a Japanese curry (like the cubes you buy at the asian market) but with a hint of sourness. The meat (chicken) was stringy because it was also slow cooked, a texture I didn't care for.

Overall I enjoyed my meal and serving size was good, I couldn't finish my bowl.Price was cheap, 5 bucks! Even less if you get one item. I appreciate their unique menu, away from the typical chicken or beef drenched in teriyaki sauce, but its nothing mind blowing. Probably will be back since its so close to Midwestern, and so cheap! I'll update this review after I try some more items. Looking forward to trying their appetizer items, crab puffs and egg rolls.

10% discount for Midwestern students!Ǿ
Being from Seattle, I'm a bit of a teriyaki snob.  This place simply isn't very good teriyaki.  The meat is dry and chewy and the sauce is bland.  The rice was plentiful, but I don't eat teriyaki for the rice.Ǿ
I get the Oahu bowl with brown rice...add the brown hot Chile sauce to the teriyaki and Bermuda Triangles for dessert...YUM!!!!Ǿ
Blows the roof off of local competitors in this type of food. I would go here at least three times a week if I lived closer. Great tasting and great for post workout.Ǿ
I came here for lunch with my son and his friend. The food is excellent. We got chicken, rice and egg roll. The girl at the register explained the menu. The food was brought to us quickly. I'd say maybe within 10 minutes. The food is fresh and tasty. I will come here again.Ǿ
Got the O'ahu plates, the chicken and teriyaki sauce were excellent. However, my only complaint is a very limited menu. You may want to consider adding a few more choices, maybe appetizers like pitstickers. Also maybe some mac salad with the combo plates.Ǿ
Let me wipe the drool off of my chin real fast..

Small Fiji with brown rice, delicious!
Fish tacos, give me more!!
Small Jamaica, too spicy for me but my boyfriend can't get enough!
Large half Fiji/half Oahu and half white/brown rice with a small salad, PERFECT meal for two!

You cannot go wrong here!! Super fast and friendly, I've been coming here since I was a child (10 years)!!!Ǿ
What the hell is wrong with Glendale??? For the love of God raise your standards people, this place is absolute crap Teriyaki. It's the worst buffet quality food without the inconvenience of having to get up and get more. 

The food is not cooked to order which is the first problem, there is no way you can serve my giant bowl or rice and dried out chicken in less than 2 minutes unless this craptastic turd of a lunch is sitting in warming trays in the back. 

Lazy ass piss poor food. I, like Chuck S. hail from Seattle and this place would have been closed down inside of two months if they tried serving this festering fecal poopsicle excuse for food. Okay, it isn't THAT bad, but close. 


DO NOT EAT HERE IF YOU KNOW WHAT GOOD FOOD TASTES LIKE. 


Driving back to the house I notice another Yelp 4 star crap food joint in Glendale is closed down. Pie Zano's bit the dust and deservedly so. But again.... somehow Glendale gave these people a 4 star ??? I am loosing trust for Yelpers in Glendale.Ǿ
I've been eating at Island Teriyaki for 20 years. In high school we would eat there at least 3 days a week, serious. I love this place. Nothing ever compared to their Jamaican or Oahu with extra rice, extra sauce. Lately though the quality of the chicken has been horrible. I never thought I would ever say anything bad about this place, it's been so good over the years. Chicken tastes bad though along with texture of the white meat. Almost like bad pre-sectioned, microwaved meat. Please fix it guys, when you have good chicken nothing beats you in the valley.Ǿ
Coming from Seattle I have had my fair share of Teriyaki and by no means does Arizona have a place even decent.  However this place is A-OK status and that is a far cry from lowly Samurai Sam's that everyone here thinks is great.  

I see some really bad reviews but on this experience my chicken was moist and there was the same proportion I would get if I was in Seattle.  I admit the sauce is just decent but I spice it up with Siracha anyways.  The rice was sticky and not dried out like other places as well.  The salad was very weak so I'll skip that next time but hey guess what at least there will be a next time.  :) 

Summary:
If your from a city with great Teriyaki it's not going to be up there but if Samurai Sam's is the best you have had give this spot a try.Ǿ
This place was great for a quick Rice bowl.  The egg rolls are huge and the crab puffs are awesome! Oh yeah the teriyaki bowl was good as well.  The restrooms were very well kept.  Yes, I would come back! (I would post a picture,  but I ate it all)Ǿ
For a quick bite to eat this is the place, it is inexpensive and filling. The staff is always super nice, and food is always good. Cant go wrong just wish they would open one in Surprise.Ǿ
Very few plates with shrimp. . Small shrimp. ..  great people thought. ..  The rise noodles are soo good. ..  good prices for the food. . They do have a lot of chicken dishes that are pretty good. But I prefer shrimp over any other meet.Ǿ
This place is pretty good for the price. You can get a very large and tasty meal for under $8, which is rare these days. The staff is friendly, and it's kept pretty clean. I've seen reviews from other people complaining that the menu is limited and the food didn't dazzle them...both true...It's your average teriyaki joint. But average food joints have their place, and at $8/meal, the food and environment here is at the upper end of average. Which, in my mind, is the definition of good value. I'll definitely be coming back here.Ǿ
In searching for more places to eat lunch on the north side of town, we came across Island Teriyaki.  It's an unassuming strip mall joint with a pretty straight forward menu.  Nothing terribly fancy, but it hits the spot every time.  Never seems to be overly crowded, I go with the Oahu rice bowl.  With the buy 6 bowls get 1 free promo I will be frequenting this place more and more, and may try something new along the way.Ǿ
My favorite place to eat.  The food is healthy and delicious.  They are very warm and friendly!Ǿ
Finally, a legit teriyaki joint on the Phoenix market.  Being from the Northwest, I am a teriyaki snob, but Island Teriyaki really came through for me.  Your choice of dark, white, jerk or curry chicken with a side salad and regular or spicy teriyaki sauce.  Worth the drive and will be back for sure.Ǿ
Good Teriyaki Chicken! This is my go to for a quick lunch or dinner. Fast and convenient.Ǿ
Love this teriyaki place.  I have been eating here through I think different owners (13 years) but the food has stayed quality.  The employees are very friendly and helpful and I have not one bad meal.Ǿ
My boyfriend and I have been stopping by this little patch of heaven for almost 3 years now. NEVER a complaint! 

The chicken and beef are always cooked to perfection. Their chicken yakisoba is amazing! Especially with a drizzle of their homemade spicy teriyaki sauce.

They are always fast and the food is always fresh. We have never had a questionable meal no matter the time of day!

If youre feeling something low key, reasonably priced, and delicious, this is the spot you need to venture to! I recommend the chicken yakisoba. It has the right amount of fresh veggies to noodles. And comes with a decent amount of chicken (your choice of white or dark meat).