Delicious fish and chips! Perfect to satisfy a craving. My go to fish and chips spot in Pickering. Friendly staff and fast service笑
Sometimes fish and chips is a problem on Fridays, with line ups, indifferent service and low quality in late afternoon. I stopped going to Jasper's when they gave me a bunch of small overcooked fish balls instead of a nice haddock fillet.

Now I go to Malt 'n Salt, a friendly place with no line ups and first rate fish and chips. It's in a tiny neighborhood plaza close to 401.

I order haddock, a sustainable catch promoted here . Halibut is available but I don't know its provenance. The proprietor is very careful and fussy about his fry technique, and so, the fish is always crispy but not overcooked.

Customers here always seem to be pleased. And that includes me!笑
I had lunch at this place close to where I was working. 
It's a small place located in a plaza. The place looks old and feels like it hasn't been updated since the 80's. 
It had mostly fish and chips on the menu with a few different kind of fishes you can choose from. If you don't want fish, there's other options to choose from. 
The food was okay. The fish was crispy and the fries where okay. They were a little on the greasy side. 
The only thing that bothered me about the place is, they serve your fish and chips with package of tarter sauce, as you can see in the picture. If your gonna be a good fish and chips shop and want customers coming back. My advice is update the decor and serve the high quality fish with a homemade tarter sauce.笑
This is our local go-to place for fish and chips.  They have good specials and the fish is delicious and crispy as are the chips.  Their slaw is really good too with a nice creamy dressing, which is something I am picky about.  The chips are nice and crispy and a half order is still a huge amount and usually more than I can finish.  We generally get the haddock which is the cheaper option and the filet is a nice generous size.  The only knock I have is their drinks are in a cooler and there is no option to get a glass with ice for it, so I always bring my own cup with ice to use.  I do suggest eating in instead of takeout if you have the time, as their chips are best when they are fresh and taking them home seems to steam them a bit in the box and they lose some of their crispness.