Nothing notable except how most of the dishes tasted like it came out from a frozen aisle in a supermarket. Nothing surprising or exciting. Experience didn't get better as I accidentally left my keys in the restaurant after closing. Called frantically for hours without success... Worst part was called the next day without a single person picking up the phone! ...笑
Wanted to try their noodles for lunch today, but they were closed. Lights out at around 12:10pm. Came by about an hour later, lights on with people inside, but doors locked. Very odd that they weren't open for lunch; without even a note to indicate why and when they'd be open again. 

I also noticed that the Chinese name has changed. Not sure if I want to try to see if they're open when I'm around the neighbourhood.

I'll amend my 1-star when I'm able to get in the next time. For now, it's worth the 1-star given the annoyance.笑
Just paid $6.99 for store brought dumplings, taste exactly like the ones I got from T&T. So disappointed! My bf ordered the wonton soup, the soup has no flavor, the wonton is bad quality and probably had no meat in it. The only good thing was the fried tofu side dish we got, at least it tasted fresh. Never coming back again.... Might as well just make my own.笑
If you think Dumplings on Northtown Way you think Dumpling King.  Heck, I've even done a review on Dumpling King.  Royal Dumpling is a semi new place that opened up.  How does it stack up?  

Pros:
Food other than dumplings is pretty good

Cons:
Dumplings are "supermarket" quality
Long wait time if place is busy

I've passed this place a number of times on my way home from work.  Royal Dumpling is a tuiny place that replaced a pizza place.  The inside looks exactly the same as the pizza place.  They did very little reno after taking over.  The place is super tiny.  2 tables and a bench is all they have in terms of seating.  The place is so tiny the kitchen is located the floor above.  The waitress needs to go upstairs to get the food when it's ready.

We ordered the Fennel and Nappa dumplings, some lamb skewers and the beef noodle.  Royal Dumpling suffers from the same problems that all small dumpling restaurants suffer from.  When it's busy, expect to wait a long time.  There's probably only one cook and s/he can only do so much by themselves.  We waited nearly 40 minutes for our food.  That's way too long.

The dumplings themselves were average at best.  They were obviously not hand made.  The Chinese name of this place translates to Tian Jin Dumplings.  Tian Jin is a city in northern China so I thought I would be getting some handmade dumplings made in the way they made there.  These dumplings I swear were like the ones you can buy at the supermarket.  At $7 for 15, they were also more expensive then your usual dumpling.

Being disappointed by the dumpling, I was very impressed with the skewers and noodles. The skewers were some of the better ones I've had.  They were spicier than others and that's the way I like it.  The noodles were pretty good too.  I did notice that everyone else there didn't order dumplings.  I should of realized something was up when that happened.

Royal Dumplings is a decent place to go to.  The dumplings aren't horrible, but they aren't anything to rave about either. However, if go with non-dumplings, you will be OK.  Kinda strange huh?