I had been craving ice cream all day and finally made up my mind to eat it at NEONOPOLIS  EATERY and wow was that a mistake.  I had NEVER been turned down to taste the ice cream and with BAD ATTITUDE, I ignored (Melissa's) attitude because I really wanted ice cream. I asked for a scoop and she gave me a half scoop if not less. I only realized I was shortchanged in my order after my brother came with an order of ice cream that someone else had serve him. DON'T GO THERE!! If you see signs of (no customer service, attitude, and evelated tone of voice) get out because if you follow through, you'll pay regular price for less quatity of food and won't even enjoy it due to the BAD experience.
I would put 0 stars but I can't even do that.

Ps: this is my first time writing a review on yelp, and that's because this was just a bad experience over all!!! I felt the need to download it & write it on Yelp for the world to see!!Ǿ
This place is like a Detroit simulator, it's scary, deserted and boarded-up, all with the promise that it'll be better "in the future."    Even their website seems to be an evicted place with one of those useless ad-portals you get when you mistype a popular website.   

If you get lost off Fremont's edge and wander into here, wander right back out.  There's no fun to be had here.Ǿ
Parking is super easy. Offers a variety of food also allowing a mix and match (ala carte). Had American food, Asian and Mexican cuisine. Is self service, and the service is quick.Ǿ
We ventured here upon the suggestion of our tour guide at the Neon Musuem.  

One star for the old neon signs and Vegas Vic and Vicky BUT otherwise I'd stay away... parking is not FREE unless you buy someting in the casinos.  Also, there are several homeless people and tweakers coming up to you every other minute to ask for $. This is Vegas at it's worst...sad to say. :-(

PS If you really want to see the neon signs here.. do a drive by and you can see them from the safety of your car.Ǿ
Neonopolis was a good idea, but it lacks in execution.  I've never seen it not looking like a ghost town, which may only be because I'm only down there at night.

But...wait...this is Vegas.  If it's going to be bustling, it's going to be bustling at night, right?  Hardly.

And it's not the kind of deserted that's quaint and refreshing in a sea of too-much-all-the-time.  No, not at all.  It's stranded in the desert, coming across a completely empty town and finding a doll in a rocking chair kind of deserted; creepy deserted.  If you ignore the sounds of kids screaming to put more money on their card (god, it was easier with tokens, I swear) at Jillian's, it's almost silent.

There's so much that could be done with it, but I don't know who really will.  It seems like a losing venture to try much in there at this juncture.

I don't know.  Go getcherself some mall food or something.  Try to avoid the zombie by the escalator.Ǿ
Why come here? To park. And to roam around. This location is good to park at because there is always ample parking and it's in the middle of downtown. You can walk to wherever you need to go from here. It's better than parking on the streets because you never know how people are when they're walking around. It's located on 4th street going north. The entrance is quite hidden and you just see one little sign. You can miss it if you're not paying attention. I also like that when you go upstairs to the main area there's many places for you to eat and check out what downtown Las Vegas is about.Ǿ
This shopping center is pathetic.  I worked in a TV studio that was here for a year, and the owner apparently kicked out the few tenants he had to make room for all the new businesses that were coming in.  They never did.  They lost a La Salsa, an Orange Julius, and a few other business I can't remember.  For what?  Empty space.  I just saw a sushi joint opened where La Salsa used to be, but I can't imagine it lasting long there.  The rest of the shopping center is still pretty empty.  So sad.

The parking situation is even worse.  I've had multiple experiences where my validated parking ticket didn't meet the strict criteria of the parking attendant.  Here I am in line with a bunch of cars behind me, and this guy won't open the gate.  Dude, you work at a parking garage for a living; you're not God.  The attendant actually said to me tonight, "Do you know who you're dealing with?"   Wow.

Try not to ever go to Neonopolis.Ǿ
I'm not sure how the "meh I've experienced better" rating would apply to this place. I mean, it's Neonopolis. Where else would you find a three-story establishment covered in neon?

I went here before not knowing what it was. It seemed like a location for a zombie movie. I found it weird that the escalator was working even though there were no businesses upstairs (or maybe I just didn't look hard enough? lol)

Fast forward, they opened a Denny's and had a grand re-opening, added more stores, and more lights. So it's improving, I'd say that much. I'm just not gonna be recommending it to others... at least for now.Ǿ
I don't know why the hate for this place when it being dead has been just a sad part of the economy and falling through the cracks of change. The necropolis is just the shabby kid on the playground that can't help it and gets picked on. Its growing up now and for this I am hopeful for a change as the spot is prime for a successful little building.  

There is now 

Drink& Drag
Heart Attack Grill
Toy Shack 
Dennys
Luna Rossa
Fremont Mediterranean Cafe
2 art galleries (one downstairs and one upstairs)
a few jewelry stores, 
Krave Massive coming soon
Japanese restaurant coming soon

 I also saw that Banger Brewing is now in the building, but I'm not sure if they are just brewing or open to the public? I hope they would do a beer tasting room soon as their beers are quality and would bring in traffic! Telemundo and NBC have offices up at top by Krave.

If you're looking around downtown for some of the vintage neon lights, there's a lot of them inside here. There's a lot of empty space on the floor that they seriously could do something with it events wise...there is what looks to be a stage setup. 

The one thing I have always liked though is parking. It was always rather cheap (and before often free w/o a attendant) even though it is a rare thing to pay for parking in Vegas. It is still the same prices or free 3 hours w/ validation papers from businesses in the building. Cash only, no card on paying your parking fare! It is just there by Fremont East and a easy walk to Fremont Street Experience area- a perfect inbetween for where the night takes us. Its never busy so its easy to park by the elevator and get in/out even when downtown is super packed. We don't bother to park at the casinos anymore because of how convenient it is to park here. 

Hopefully one day this place becomes something more again.

(Yelp 100 Challenge 31/100)Ǿ
The Neonopolis is kinda creepy. And it's always been kinda creepy as long as I can remember. It's like this semi-abandoned shopping center tucked away in a corner of the Fremont Street Experience. People don't really ever go back here. And when you do wander into it, you kinda feel like you've been sucked into a weird Vegas-equivalent of a Bermuda triangle. It's bizarro in so many ways. And that's what also make it interesting. Can't say there's any particular reason to come back here. The few stores that are here aren't all that interesting. But hey, when bored and/or in need of some shade form the Vegas sun and heat, come back here and check it out.Ǿ
Interesting place; horrible show.
This place is one that you want to go NOT when you're looking for a party, but when you and your group ARE the party. It's a little devoid of style but it does have a bit of a tacky kinda charm. I'm sure on a certain night I can work with it. 
The karaoke/piano bar was closed but the room for t looked like a great hang. 
Next time out, (if there IS a next time, I'll check it out.

The show that was there, is without a doubt, the WORST show I've seen here.
It started out with a 10 minute movie comprised totally of random news and interview clips that are oh so vaguely tied to Las Vega$$. The lead of the show was some dude who may have been great at some point, but that day is clearly not today. At least not in this format. He's not charming enough to host a show like this and the show feels dated and is desperately lacking originality or appeal to anyone born after 1970.
 I will admit though, I did learn some very interesting things about Las Vega$$ while I was there, but I would've been really upset to have paid to see the show (I belong to House Seats Las Vegas) and so I got free tickets. I would've been REALLY pissed to have wasted good money on it.Ǿ
I've wandered around the empty halls of Necropolis (that's right, my official nickname for Neonopolis is Necropolis) many times back in my hoodrat days. Neonopolis has been a Necropolis ever since the day it opened. I went to the movie theater that no one goes to once, and the movie tickets were dirt cheap(I didn't think $5 tickets for movies existed anymore) and the concession stand also had more food than usual for a movie theater lobby with french fries, pizza, mozzarella sticks, etc.... and we were the only ones in the movie theater. The movie(Meet The Browns) wasn't that good but it had to be one of the best moviegoing experiences I have ever had. 
And then you had Jillian's. It always felt so cool being able  to hang out in a bar-like environment at 14. It had a restaurant, arcade, bowling alley, pool hall, dancefloor and a stage for shows. It used to be so much fun. (And it was pretty damn easy to sneak into the psuedo-nightclub upstairs as well.)
Neonopolis really could have been a very cool place, but the execution of it was just terrible.
And I think the main reason why is because it's essentially a wall. Outdoor shopping and entertainment venues may work in California, but they don't fly in somewhere like Vegas. Put a roof over that thing!Ǿ
I stayed at the Fremont Hotel during my Vegas trip recently. I decided to take a walk down the Fremont Street Experience heading eastbound and noticed a Denny's Restaurant and the International Eatery Food Court.

I walked around the lower level and noticed a few stores. There was a tattoo parlor, Toy Shack, American Sports Trading Cards, Celestial Comics, a e-vapor lounge, a Mediterranean restaurant, the Heart Attack Grill, and there was a stage area. The second floor consisted of the Southern Nevada Museum of Fine Arts, the main office for the Neonopolis building, a bowling lane which is opened after 5pm, a office for architecture design, as well as several empty store fronts. There was a third level heading towards the theaters but it was blocked off. Parking is located underground for customers. 

Right in the middle of Fremont Street and in front of the International Eatery food court and Walgreens is also the beginning for Slotzilla Zip line. The adventurous individuals can choose one of two rides. The first one is a short ride that stops in front of Fremont Hotel. The longer ride continues on towards the west end of Fremont Street Experience.

Hopefully in the near future there will be more stores added to the Neonopolis shopping center.Ǿ
It's time for more of you to visit Fremont East and the Neonopolis, because this place is no longer the ugly step child it once was.

Parking here is a breeze - enter off 4th St.  The max charge is $5, including the 1st hour being free, and it's conveniently located within walking distance of everything Fremont has to offer.  They now accept credit/debit cards upon leaving the garage, so you don't have to worry about it being cash only.  And since it's underground, with an attendant, I feel it's probably the safest parking structure around.

There are restaurants (Denny's, Heart Attack Grill, Luna Rossa, Mediterranean Cafe), Drink and Drag for some fun, and the new kid on the block - Banger Brewing, a local brewery that now has opened a tasting room.

If it's been awhile since you've been to Neonopolis, it's time to go back!Ǿ
Wow.  Poor, poor, poor Neonopolis.  If Shakespeare rose from the dead and wanted to write a new tragedy, it would probably be about Neonopolis.  Act 1 would be the facility opening, Act 3 would be Jillians and the hope of Star Trek: The Experience coming here, and Act 5 would be Las Vegas Rocks closing.  Neonopolis is to Las Vegas like what the Virtual Boy was to Nintendo: both had noble dreams and looked excellent on paper, but both ended up being complete failures in reality.  

Quick history about this place.  Most of the retail space was vacant throughout most the facility's history, and it was tough to fill the empty spaces with establishments.  Jillians was a fun arcade/lounge type of place similar to Gameworks and Dave and Buster's, but it suffered from badly maintained machines and overpriced games.  Not long before it closed, the fraternity I was in held a rush (recruitment) event in one of the banquet rooms in there, and while it was fun it was one of the few good things about Jillians.  The place closed shortly after.

It had a movie theater, but why go to a theater there when you could just go to another one closer to where you live, and where parking is easier?  Plus, the lack of air conditioning IN A DESERT made it difficult to lure moviegoers in.  It soon closed.

They later had a Poker Dome event.  It was a nice facility, and the spectator areas were pretty cool and high tech.  Unfortunately, watching people play poker is nowhere near as entertaining as actually playing poker.  In fact, watching Garry Kasparov play chess would probably be more exciting than watching poker.  Now while some of you might enjoy watching poker on television, I just can't get into it.  Needless to say, when the champion was crowned, they didn't do this again.

When Star Trek: The Experienced closed down at the Hilton, Trekkies like myself were heartbroken.  However, we were relieved when told that The Experience would be relocated to Neonopolis.  Unfortunately, after numerous auctions selling props from The Experience took place, it's relocation to Neonopolis is about as likely as Captain Picard manning the Starship Enterprise again.  The Experience remains stranded in the Delta Quadrant, and Neonopolis remains in the Neutral Zone.

Las Vegas Rocks closing looks to be the final nail in Neonopolis's coffin.  It's quite sad, really.  Neonopolis had everything in paper to be THE revitalization for the Downtown area.  And while First Friday and the large number of plush and comfortable bars and lounges are revitalizing the area in itself, Neonopolis remains a proverbial ghost town, a reminder of what could have been, but never was.

PROS:
Filmmaker looking for a creepy, deserted place?  Here you go!

CONS:
Everything

THE VERDICT:  Just pretend it never happened.Ǿ
I'm giving this place 4 stars based on what it has the potential to be, not for what it is currently.

I think if the right people came together, those with vision & imagination, this place could really be something. It would be a good space for say, Dave & Buster's maybe. I think having a movie theater in this space would be awesome. Correct me if I'm wrong, but, I think there was a theater here before. I'd like to see like a theater that maybe specializes in the old classics, maybe some Indies, especially from local directors, and maybe a few first run movies. I personally would show some cheesy B movies, Elvis movies, anything related to Vegas & anything from silent to present day films.

I could maybe see having a vintage clothing store, or vintage furniture shop. I think a few unique eateries would be a good idea, nothing too fancy, just simple & minimalistic. A Tiki bar or some type of pub or dive bar would be a nice fit as well. Basically, anything that goes with the Neon motif. I think the art gallery thing they have is a good fit. I think I would like to see some old photos of Vegas, what it used to look like, celebrity photos, blueprints of the old Casinos, anything that links you to the past, the Old Vegas. 

I truly hope that this place reaches its potential & people really start to appreciate it. It doesn't really have to cater to the Tourists. The Locals should want to turn it into something for themselves; a place that they would want to come & hang out at & maybe bring their friends & families here. Breathe life back into this place & don't let it fade away.Ǿ
This place looks dead for shopping.
Not the kind of mall we expexted.
Only 5 stores open at 2pmǾ
Almost empty mall at the end of Fremont Street. There's been so many establishments that have come and gone. You walk inside and it's like a ghost town. The Drink and Drag bar took over an upstairs space which is a really cool bar. And if you're there during the day, be sure to check out the Toy Shack. The Heart Attack Grill is a big draw for Neonopolis. Parking in their garage is only worth it if you can get validated.
So sad!Ǿ
I have never seen a place that completely lacks identity until I began walkng through this place.  The Heart Attack Grille and the Toy Shack(from Gold and Silver Pawn) are the highlights if you can call them that.  The Toy Shack is intriguing if a bit pricey but the Heart Attack Grill and the Greek Place next door are just bad.  There is  a Dennys sign but I don't know if it is open and the movie theater is closed too.  This is  truly a case of a property owner's greed causing a great concept to fall flat. So much potential, so little delivery.Ǿ
Parked my car in the garage on Cinco De Mayo since this is where I usually park but last night was a horrible experience. The exit process was slow which was totally understandable considering that it was around 1AM and everyone was leaving. When it was my turn to exit, I went to the second lane. Two overweight security guards were there. I tried to insert my debit card in the machine but it was down. So I told the security guard that I have cash. The security guards didn't want to take the cash to the cash booth (first lane) and I asked if I could get out of my car and walk there myself since cars were behind me. So I got out of my car, tried to pay but the lady said that I had to be in the first lane since the ticket was connected to my car somehow (bunch of bull, a ticket is a ticket). Then the security guard started yelling at me to get back to my car so I did. They had my back out, then I went to the first lane. The lady working said she couldn't accept my cash since I only had a $50 and $100 (I think they might be pocketing cash). I tried to pay in every way that I could but they were being difficult. It's not like I was trying to leave the garage without paying. So I asked who her boss was and what her name is. She refused to give me her real name or her boss' name. She stated that they go by code names and hers was David Wang. The cash booth agent was so rude and the security guards were the same. I even tried to collect dollar bills in my car and I only had $4. So $1 short. The guards were want-to-be cops. The situation could've been handled more professionally especially because a lot of cars were behind me. The city needs to stop wasting money on jack ass employees like the three of them. It's my fault for not having smaller bills but it's not like I was trying not to pay since I usually pay with my card, this was the first it was down. They ended up opening the gate after exchanging so much words between my friends and I and them. Like I said, the situation could've been handled better but the city needs to hire and train better people.Ǿ
This place was filled at one point (when it first opened- there was a sports store, an asian store, an ice cream place, a restaurant) and quickly became deserted- the rent must be really high. Plus, people did not really come through there to shop, anyway- jeez, retail suicide. There was a little stage in the middle where there would be some performances but I can't say that it was very professional. So, not surprisingly, the movie theater was affected, though this came about a few years later. 

I miss this closed movie theater the most in the whole center. It was a very nice movie theater with slightly discounted movie ticket prices and free parking- validated and had excellent sound. Clean facility, full staff. It as empty though. So, an announcement said the theater would close for renovations. A few days later on the news confirmed that it would be closing for good. So sad.

I like downtown. In my many years in LV, I've never spent New Year's on the Strip (not crazy like that), but I have come to the Fremont Street Experience a couple times. I think that attraction has improved over the years. There are a few good restaurants in the area as well (aloha specialties, mickie finzz, the golden gate). But Neonopolis is an idea never realized- it didn't have a chance. The neon signs were really neat because it was a way to bring back a little something from the Old Vegas (you know, when people dressed up for no reason at all- like the old movies- suits, hats & dresses). Also, Jillian's was a cool little place but it closed and became something else (but don't know how that's going).Ǿ
Neonopolis Eatery- Mexico

We were nearby and didn't want to drive anywhere yesterday while over at Container Park.

This place has a Chinese fast food in there, pizza/sandwich  shop, and this mexican food fast food place there.....quality is suspect.  Real suspect.  We stood looking at each place for a few minutes until we decided to order from the mexican food place.  That shows you how suspect each were to us.  We didn't want to go to a buffet tonight or eat at Denny's or eat Burgers again.

Rice was "dry".  Probably dry from sitting there too long.  That's NOT GOOD.
 
Tacos were ok.  Just ok.

Salsa made me sorta "sick".  Probably should of just avoided this place from the get go. 

The 2 Taco Plates came out to be $7.95 each....again on the pricey side since it's Downtown Vegas.   It's only 3 small tacos with "dry" rice and beans....c'mon man!!!

Customer service was excellent and the guy taking our order was personable. 

Would I recommend this place?  AVOID IT. 

Better places to give your $$ to and less chance of getting food poisoning.Ǿ
I'm going to agree with Oscar and give Neonopolis 4 stars for what it's becoming rather than for what it is now.  The place is no longer on life support and it shows many signs of life and the future looks brighter from the past years when a few restaurants and shops opened and quickly closed for lack of business.

Telemundo coming and renting a good portion of the area for its studios was a boost.  The new Denny's is certainly a boost.  There is a new bar, Drink and Drag, that garners good reviews from the Yelp crew.  Finally, the new zip line ride is being constructed right in the middle of the place.  All these things point to renewed hope for the concept which never really made a go until now.

This morning, I had breakfast at the new Denny's.  I parked in the underground garage which is very, very handy!  One flight of stairs to walk up and I was there.  I was surprised when I got to the booth that there was no charge for the parking.  Their website says free parking with validation but Denny's doesn't validate.  Perhaps it was because I was less than an hour and it was a weekday morning.  Whatever the case, it was a nice bonus.  We are so spoiled by the free parking common in Las Vegas.

I'll make a point of coming here more often.  I want to ride the new zip line when it's done.  Seems like it would make a good UYE.Ǿ
Seems to be a lot of not-so-stellar reviews for Neonopolis.  Personally, I think it's a decent little area compared to the rest of Downtown.  The parking garage is a great location (and well-priced, IMO), Denny's has a FULL BAR, the comic book store has a lot of fun things to look at, the vape store is definitely great eye candy (and seems to attract a lot of business) and it's convenient locale makes it nice to hide away in but step right out into Downtown should you want.

I've heard Drink and Drag has closed, which is a bummer since I really enjoyed that place.  It would be awesome if KRAVE opened, too -- I think that would really help this little diamond in the rough.

Also, across the street from StrEATS is a nice bonus if you want some place to park.Ǿ
I'm giving Neonopolis 5 stars NOT based on their past, but because their new boss is taking HUGE steps and working with the Mayor to fix all that was so mismanaged in the past.

Their most recent news is SAVING Star Trek The Experience from oblivion (thanks for nothing Paramount and Hilton) by working with CBS to move it to their venue.  They keep their costs down, they're working hard to get new businesses in, and I think that kind of effort deserves recognition.

GOOD LUCK NEONOPOLIS!  Everyone should return and check on how you're doing now.Ǿ
I bet Jeana P. (1/17/15) works for Neonopolis,  She gave far too much detail--the review sounds like an ad.Ǿ
BEST PARKING GARAGE IN DOWNTOWN LAS VEGAS!  I LOVE the late night security and the cash clerk at exit!  I work downtown 5 to 6 days a week and realize I was technically paying $105++ a month to park....I was handed an application by the exit booth clerk and now I pay a flat fee of $35 a month ......that's unbelievable but even without this monthly parking pass of $35 you cannot beat five dollars a day it is never more than five dollars ever..... even if you're there for 24 hours it's no more than five dollars. The only issue is they ticket it like crazy if you accidentally backed into a stall you going to a ticket if you let your registration go you get a ticket it's bananas.  So don't suck at life and let your registration go or be cautious and don't back into a stall and this is the best place you can park in the whole entire city of Downtown Las VegasǾ
3 story shopping center with a 14 screen movie theater, Crown 14, restaurants, shopping and shops.   The shops are just ok but the restaurants range from fast food to sit down, the movie theater and the old school old Las Vegas Neon signs are the greatest draw.Ǿ
Went here 4 years ago came from Ohio and seen a movie and ate at La Salasa and went shopping. Now here again last weekend and my family wanted to see a movie here but it's now boarded up and closed with a sign that says "please visit Regal at Texas Station" and the La salsa is closed and but sign is still up and also there's nothing in here.... Denny's coming soon........ heartatack grill was the worst service ever