If you have to hit up the courthouse, this place offers validation for the parking deck (up to 90 minutes) as well as the cafe next door.
I don't normally review chain restaurants, let alone semi fast food place, but I want to say that the young people working at this location were doing a good job. They greeted me, prepared food quickly, and kept the place pretty clean! Well done.
Please note that per their sign by the cash register, this location does NOT accept any coupons.Ǿ
Not a traditional Quiznos regular; but, the facility across street from courthouse is always clean, staff is super nice and the food at a good price point. . .especially considering options nearby.

Most other vendors in adjacent areas can't seem to keep the doors open.  One Way next door shut its doors recently, as did the sandwich / breakfast place next to that.

Food at Court Cafe is at best mediocre and at worst stomach turning.  Buffett at hotel across street at times good, but you're going to lay out some coin.Ǿ
Quiznos is amazing- so many levels above subway. This one is pretty good but the lunch kinda is long at 12 and they move slowww. Not much to say about sandwiches, but it's always clean and the food is great.Ǿ
In the end, the sub was relatively tasty, but the customer service (AND SANITATION RATING!) leaves a lot to be desired.

Ordered a veggie sub.  The manager asked me what vegetables I wanted.  I'd rad the list, which was posted in front of me, and asked for all of them, minus olives and bell peppers.  He rolled his eyes and said "there are a lot of vegetables, are you sure?"  Why yes, I am... he then asked me individually each vegetable to confirm I did in fact want them on my sandwich.

I paid for my meal with a $20. I asked if I could receive two $5s instead of a $10.  The cashier had two $5's in her hand, but Mr. Manager came over, told her that wasn't allowed, and made her give me a $10.  Nobody spoke to me, nobody apologized or said why that was the case, it was just done for me despite my polite request.

They have a 92.5 rating, by the way... I wish I'd noticed before I ordered!  I won't be back.Ǿ
I tried the pulled pork Cubano and it was a decent sandwich. I love a authentic Cubano and this particular one was average. For some reason there was not a drop of mustard on my sandwich, which as everyone knows, is the key ingredient on a Cubano sandwich. 

Despite someone forgetting the mustard, the sandwich was A-OK.Ǿ
The owner of this shop went out of his way to accommodate us in the morning during a St. Patrick's Day festival. Subs were on point and the restaurant was squeaky clean as well. Definitely a good choice!