Such a nice place to relax after a hard day of shopping! Here I had the best turkey and avocado sandwich that I've ever had. Super flavorful and always leaves me full and content. The fries are good as well except I wish that there were more sauce options. I also really enjoy the mac and cheese.The only thing that puzzles me about this place is how many of the menu items have so many calories!Ǿ
This is a nice refreshing restaurant where I had really good service from the server. I got the chicken ceassr salad which was delicious. The lettuce was fresh and crisp and the dressing was perfect. The rolls could be better though. For dessert I had the paradise chocolate cake which is nothing to write  home about. If you get it I would drizzle the carmel over the top. I will be coming back.Ǿ
Updated bar area, tweaks/upgrades to the menu, great food and service!  Fantastic alternative to the food court.Ǿ
I've been a regular here for quite some time now, I cannot complain about much. Service is great, staff is very attentive, restaurant is clean, good food etc. I love that they remodeled, but am not too happy that my favorite salad & a few other things are off the menu. If they brought back the salad I'd come by for lunch more often, now it'll be a once in an every great while thing.Ǿ
I love this place so much, for so many reasons. First, they have recently upgraded the food and cocktail, which are worthy of the best restaurants in town. Every dish I've tried has been delicious, often organic, sizable, and fresh. The personable bartender prepares delicious craft cocktails, and sitting at the bar is a fun experience. Again, worthy of the best bars in town. And let's not even talk about Nordstrom's legendary service. It permeates the Grille. 
I love to come here with friends, family, or just alone, anytime of day. Give it a try.Ǿ
This is great place to stop and eat after shopping! Me and friend and I had the steak frites and it was very enjoyable! Our server was very attentive and did a great job! There is no doubt that I will return very soon.Ǿ
Our waitress was AMAZING-her name was Ashley. She was so so friendly, offered suggestions, and was fun! The food came out super fast as well and I was surprised at the vast menu options. Salads were clearly the way to go, we were jealous as we saw them passing by, next time that's what I'll go for! Sandwiches/burgers were all delicious but fries were a little over cooked and crispy. Desserts weren't anything to write home about-which made me sad cause I was hoping to have a worthy diet cheat! We were surprised at the quality for a mall restaurant and the best part is you can use your Nordstrom gift card in the restaurant. Food over clothes lol