Like a well rehearsed theatrical production, I decided for fun to break my late lunchtime into an ensemble of bites.

Act1: Quest. Tasty broth, pretty looking using real tomatoes for their soup and an assorment of chunky veggies, coupled with large slices of malty wholemeal type bread. I realised I'd achieved nirvana towards enjoying a fat free low calorie starter; alas, it didn't last...Feeling fresh like I'd just driven an ocean road on a sunny day in a fast car, positive by now and half full, thanks Henderson's, I moved onto another dish in my lunch quest.

ActII: Deathly Chocolate. I had not consumed much sweet stuff in the last week, so my weakness was to follow tummy over head by ordering a smooth sweet and yet delightful yummy chocolate coffee cup cake with last of the summer fruits on-top. Wow, intense sinning levels - this was actually served in a cup topped with calorie bust'n dollop of fresh cream. This got me thinking had I gone too far, and overloaded calories a result of my sweet tooth taking over? 

Finale: Care In the Community. Very thankfully but refreshingly before buttons started a' popping the grand finale, a helpful wash down of coffee, ooh nectar in a china container. Service was excellent as usual and it seemed I'd missed lunch rush. The veggie options were great, prices not bad, but strangely there were plenty tables remaining? It wasn't too long before an answer presented itself, like a crime drama unfolding...look for the evidence. Is there really an excuse for leaving dishes on most tables for more than half an hour when it's not busy?

Encore: Furry dice they are not. I tried hard not to squish a tomato underfoot when sitting down, failed to catch the fruit-flys buzzing my table, or get comfy on the flat cushions(why bother) but as it was a quick in and out I didn't really mind, as these things happen during a busy day. Did I mention the kittens also left...sorry I lied; there were no kittens. But maybe if there were, then customers would be so busy playing with them they would not notice the dishes...I'm just saying!

I didn't wait around for the standing ovation as was heading for cinema but relished in the fact that it was 5/5 for food options but all else 3/5, with the hope of secretly upping the star value next visit. Kittens would have been cute though if impractable?笑
Warum schaffen es die Deutschen nicht, ein wirklich gutes vegetarisches Restaurant zu etablieren? Edinburgh dagegen ist seit bald 50 Jahren (!!!) mit dem Henderson's gesegnet und ein Besuch hier in der Stadt ist für mich gleichzeitig ein Besuch dort für ein ultimativ leckeres vegetarisches Essen (neben FfT in London) - und macht nicht nur mich glücklich!


 Trotz Selbstbedienung ist man hier gut aufgehoben, man sitzt gemütlich im alten Gewölbe (vielleicht nicht der Hit an einem sonnigen Sommertag), der immer lächelnde Service ist äußerst freundlich und aufmerksam.
Das Essen variiert täglich, es gibt stets ein Lunch-offer für knapp 9 Pfund, die Portionen sind mehr als ausreichend und das Essen einfach extrem lecker und geschmackvoll (z. B. das vegetarische Haggis). Auch Veganer oder diverse Unverträglichkeiten werden hier bedient.


 Ein Deli oberhalb an der Ecke versorgt die Stadt mit Leckereien zum Mitnehmen.
Abends gibt es wechselnde (u. a. musikalische) Veranstaltungen.笑
Where else could I start my Edinburgh reviews, but my favourite vegetarian eaterie? Its not changed(so my mother tells me, in 30 years, but the food is so good why should  it?

While some have stated that its lacking in atmosphere, i actually really enjoy the hubbub of conversation. the mix of people and the unpretentious atmosphere. Very much one for the locals as well.

Unlike many restaurants, coming here is a great guilt free way to indulge as it all tastes so fresh and you can actually feel the nourishing properties, particularly in the hearty soups and salads.

A particular mention for the puddings though, the chocolate mousse is to die for. 

Henderson's, don't ever change and never stop.笑
Hendersons is the grand old man of Scottish Vegetarian Restaurants. 

For those who are old hands at the veggie lifestyle, this place should be the mecca of all things non-meaty. 

It has a food presentation system of a school cafeteria with you being served by folks that seem to have taken on a vow of servitude after having fallen in love with the place.  

The food is pretty good and tasty. You may even make your carnivore compatriots say complimentary things about their meal.

The venue is bright with lots of room, even in the back.

The price is average and pretty on par with the Central Edinburgh Food tariff. 

I would visit it more often, if I was closer.笑
Right. I am categorically NOT a vegetarian. Never have been. Never will be.

BUT my friends is, and I can, on occasion enjoy a meal that is composed entirely of just veggies. It is rare. But it is does happen.

We ended up here as my friend had visited before, for dinner, and had enjoyed it. However I have to say I was not rating this visit. I am not too sure she was either. We went for a wee spot of lunch and I gotta say I have never been soooo confused in my life!? Menu boards all over the place with hot dishes and soups and salads. I was baffled. It was very much canteen style, which I was not overly keen on. Very disorganised and not very well run or thought out. This would work so much better if they just did table service!?

I ended up having a medium salad. I asked and pointed at one of the bowls to ask what it was, the blunt and completely useless reply - Potato salad. Well yes. I can see that. I am familiar with what a potato looks like, but that does not have mayonnaise on it so all I wanted to know was what it had been dressed with. I still have no idea. So I went for that, some chickpea salad and a beetroot salad. A bread Roll and a what was called 'large' smoothie (It was small, and not freshly made as I expected). All this came to almost £9. Which to me, was faaaar too much.

Salad was ok. Not much flavour. Smoothie wasn't fresh and the whole system was just not great. I won't be rushing back. The breakfast menu did however look quite good.笑
I love finding cute little independent places like this.  If you're looking for a nice casual place for lunch, check out the deli.  There's so much to chose from and in the end I ordered the hot main (vegetarian haggis) with 3 salads.  They had a good mix of salads ranging from your typical green to pasta salads.  It was so good and wholesome... it felt like it was negating some of the grease I've been consuming on the streets of Edinburgh during the fringe (don't get me wrong - I do enjoy a bit of grease every now and again).  When I got back to London, I was thinking I wish there was a place like this near my office because I'd go back frequently.笑
Although the choice was great for vegetarians and vegans I felt that the price of it was far too much for getting essentially a tiny plate of salad. The service is a 'go-up-to-the-counter-with-a-tray' style in the buffet/canteen and table service in the restaurant. The salad I had was nice and I didn't feel rushed whilst I was in there. My boyfriend was particularly happy that he managed to find vegan cherry pie (which was very nice). I wouldn't say it was great if you are on a budget but perhaps a treat lunch.笑
I like Henderson's but do agree with many of the comments form other reviewers.
One thing that does need pointing out is that it is a basement restaurant and is therefore accessed down a flight of steep steps from street level, it is therefore not ideal for those with limited mobility or anyone trying to control a buggy or toddler.
The food is always decent, it's not the highest quality but is reliable, tasty and interesting and therefore somewhere I go back to.笑
Some of the dishes are great. Nothing especially amazing or creative but good for veggies.笑
Hendersons is a veritable veggie institution in Edinburgh, so if you're non-meat inclined, or you're just in the mood for some super tasty food, then swing by Hendersons if you're around the new town.

There is an extensive selection of vegetarian food available here, made with locally sourced, high quality ingredients, and you have a choice of eating in the basement restaurant, the bistro, or taking a quick bite away from the deli. The basement restaurant is probably my favourite part of Hendersons, with its canteen style array of amazing looking salads, specials, soups, and other enticing delights to try. The restaurant is open from breakfast time until the evening, where its laid back dining style and often live music always seems to attract quite a few people.

The bistro part of Hendersons offers a relaxed, pleasant, and slightly more formal a la carte format in cheerful looking surroundings. A visit to the deli is a treat, with a range of yummy looking items, including the usual sandwiches, veggie pizzas, and frittata and falafel.笑
I came here not too long ago to get a quick take-away bite before heading to school. 

It took me some time to figure out what I was going to buy... I was QUITE indecisive. I wanted to get the freshest, tastiest looking wrap possible to start my studying day off right! 

On the shelf there werent too many options, but among them there were a couple that looked quite stale and one being out-of-date. I handed it back to the lady at the till, then proceeded to choose. I went for the spicy bean wrap. 

I was crossing my fingers that I'd be able to handle the amount of spice (yaneverknowright?), and opted for this. I remember it being around the region of 2.95. Took it away, and hopped on the bus. When I finally had my first opportunity to take a nice bite I found out the wrap. was. spiceless. 

Now when I say spiceless I mean 1. no spicyness 2. no flavour. I paid 3 pounds for essentially a wrap with black beans in it. No salsa, not much else... oh and they said there was cheese in it. WHAT CHEESE??! SO disappointed. 

Now I don't know whether Henderson's is one of those places that poorly represents vegan/vegetarian food to be bland and tasteless... but I was disappointed. It was a very poor wrap.  

I like vegetarian food! Henderson's you gotta represent better! You're gonna give vege food a bad rep, man!笑
Deli style, with a menu denoting vegan, vegetarian and gluten free options.  It's simple, clean and bright, and as a bonus it doubles as an art gallery.笑
This place is great to pick up a snack and a drink or stop and have some lunch. The fritatta is to be tried, and along with some salad, it just hits the spot! They are open in the evening but only until 10pm, however they do have a good selection of organic and vegan wines. Also a good place to pick up your everyday essentials, fresh free-range eggs, milk etc.笑
Not very good vegan food. I had a cauliflower steak which was like a big piece of grilled cauliflower topped with a creamy mushroom sauce. The sauce was good but it was served with a bland salad and a large serving of overly vinegary pickled cabbage.  I had a nice starter salad that had lots of olives in it. The waitress didn't mention that half of my entree was a salad too.笑
If someone had said to be that I would ever enjoy a purely vegetarian meal, I'd laughed in their face. Call me old-school, but if there's no meat in it, it's not a proper meal, right? Wrong.

That was before I ate here. I popped in with a friend for lunch oe day, and as we were heading out for a big meal that evening, we decided to just get a handful of starters to share between us, rather than having a full-on lunch. 

The food was amazing, and it was also really good value into the bargain which, in my opinion, always makes it even tastier! We got a portion of their Baba Ghanoush, Humus, Tzatziki and Spicy Bean Paté with a load of breads to mop it up, and I can honestly say it was one of the tastiest lunches I've eaten in that price bracket in a long time.笑
I am visiting Edinburgh for a few days. I had never been to Henderson's before although I had heard of it. Wanted to pick up some salad (takeaway) and thought I would try it. I went into the deli (street level) and the helpful lady behind the counter told me they stopped serving lunch and I should try the downstairs restaurant or the vegan one. I went downstairs and again met a couple of helpful folks behind the counter. They explained the pricing on the salad and patiently waited while I made up my mind. Overall a very good and quick visit - I was a bit apprehensive after reading the other reviews complain about the service but my experience was nothing of the sort. Thanks Henderson's!笑
Some of the best food I've had in the UK. Even if you are not vegetarian or vegan, you will enjoy it. The vegan haggis starter was so good! The tangine main plate was also delicious. The ambiance in the downstairs dining room is very quaint and adorable and my family and I had two great meals there while in Edinburgh.笑
Here's the deal: Henderson's, I really want to love you. - Soup today was damn well delicious. But the service falls short.  

I can't have yeast at the moment, amongst a few other things including dairy, sugar and white flours. I wanted a quick takeaway lunch so figured Henderson's would be a safe bet considering they're a vegan establishment. - So dairy, at least, would be off the menu.

I pop in and say that I'll need a little help with ordering. I notice pastries which look lovely but I really wanted to be careful, especially considering that I could see cheese and vegan cheese often contains yeast to add flavour. I'm sure most vegans would know this.

I know that yeast is an uncommon intolerance as opposed to dairy or wheat, but I really think the staff could have been far more helpful. The lady behind the counter swiftly passed me over to another lady. This second lady spoke English well but wasn't a native speaker and didn't know what yeast was. 

There was no mention of getting someone from the kitchen or having a look at an ingredients list. There was no apology either. Surely staff should know or be able to access ingredients. Instead I felt disappointed and made to feel a little bit silly. I just longed for a pastry that I could possibly eat but, alas, I went for soup and wanted out of there fast.

What I really should have done is walked out and headed somewhere else, but it was well past lunchtime and my stomach was a-grumbling furiously.

For the prices Henderson's charges, I would expect far better service. At the moment, I am not inclined to go back.笑
I had lunch here today. Pretty good value for money. I had lentil and apricot soup  (absolutely delicious) which came with brown bread, you get 2 bits but I could only eat one bit! I also had a side salad with rice and egg mayo (decent) and a rasperry,apple,bananna and cranberry juice (sooo good)笑
I feel like New Town is lacking for a quick and healthy bite near Princes Street, and finally got around to visiting the deli at Henderson's. It sits above the restaurant and offers counter service with a full range of drinks and lots of options for salads and small bites. They also had 3 soups to select from, all sounded good, but I opted for the pea and mint. The soup was delicious and tasted very fresh, as did the two salads I got with it. In total it was £6.50 for the soup and salads with some nice fresh bread. The salads were a broccoli and olive with tomato and then a beetroot and carrot, both were tasty and fresh. I couldn't finish it all with the amount I was given. There isn't a lot of seating, but it was a nice spot to have a bite. They also have breads and rolls to take away and a range of health food products should you fancy buying something at random when getting some lunch.笑
Had a really good lunch here.
Very tasty stuffed crepe, followed by excellent toffee and walnut cake. Definitely one to go back to.
Plus they do gigs in the evening.笑
Customer service wasn't necessarily the best but the food made up for it. I got food from the salad counter to go for a train ride down to London and the food did not disappoint. Make sure to get some of their chocolate bars too!笑
This place is more about homemade than vegetarian. 

I am not a vegetarian but I do want flavor with my meal which forced me to Henderson's twice during my stay.  Once for breakfast, once for supper.

The breads are good, the entrees are great, crisp, clean flavors.  Just good food.

And the service is friendly. 

We met another American while we were in Edinburgh and the major thing we had in common was we all loved Hendersons.笑
The best food I've ever eaten in my entire life. Henderson's is a must if you are in Edinburgh. It's purely vegetarian, but don't let that put you off; even if you're not vegetarian I think you'll love it. The food is second to none. It's a Scottish institution and is world renowned. A deli/bakery and canteen style restaurant during the day, Henderson's on Hanover Street converts to a table service restaurant after 5pm. They also have a Bistro on Thistle Street. I visited the Hanover Street restaurant on Wednesday evening. We pre-booked a table and I'm glad we did as it was very busy. The main restaurant area was booked out for a private party, however we managed to get a table in the more relaxed canteen style area. It definitely has a super relaxed cafe vibe and could benefit from dimmed lighting and/or candles in the evening. Some music would be good as well to enhance the atmosphere. We didn't mind though - our visit was purely to sample the world famous food.
My two dining companions started with red pepper hummus, flatbreads & pickled veg. I opted for vegetarian haggis with oat cakes & whisky cream sauce. My companions both went for mains of thai nut burgers, with salad, potato wedges & lime coconut cream. I choose the polenta tower main (polenta cake, portobello mushrooms, goats cheese, olive tapenade, roast cherry tomatoes, salsa, green peppers and rocket leaves). Desserts consisted of cherry pie with soya ice cream and a creme brûlée. There's a great wine and beer list with lots of organic options. I've eaten in michelin star restaurants which haven't served food as good as Henderson's does. The food here is delectable. Don't expect it to be cheap though just because it's vegetarian (I noticed some other reviews complained about the cost). Prices are what you would pay in any restaurant, however you will get supreme, fine, delicious, top quality food here. The greatest grub ever! I wish there was a Henderson's in Belfast...笑
I really wanted to like this place but the service was so awful! We had booked a table so when we arrived were seated but given no menus or offered drinks. After 10-15 mins of waiting we went up and asked for a menu and were told no. She said we'd have to wait a few minutes, with no explanation or apology. We would've understood if she'd have been nice about it or at least taken a drinks order. So we waited a bit more and after seeing other folk seated and given menus we flagged down another server to ask for menus. She brought them immediately but after waiting another 10 mins for someone to come and take a drinks order we were too annoyed and left. So the food may be outstanding but we will never know.笑
I'm always left slightly disappointed by Henderson's, with the impression that they've taken some great ingredients, set out to do some interesting things, but ultimately produce dishes that are a bit bland and undercooked.

That said, there's also a lot to recommend it; great cakes and desserts and a fine selection of organic beers. The atmosphere is also always great, with plenty of bustle and, often, live music.

Prices are on the steep side across the menu and, unless you're a vegetarian and want a wide choice, you'll find much better value at the many restaurants close by.笑
My food was really good-- my only complaint was the rude waitress who was very angry when I asked if I could eat there, only because she had already boxed it up without asking me if it was to take away or eat in. Not a huge deal, but disheartening for a weary tourist tired from hours of walking!笑
Simple. Healthy. Fresh. Huge portions and great desserts. Old trusted stand by for those who want a hearty veg meal and casual atmospheres笑
Lovely place. A must is their veggie haggis in a pastry parcel with lovely red onion gravy笑
My Uncle remembers this place from back in the mists of time and it's tried and tested vegetarian recipes certainly seem to have stood the test of time. Situated just down the hill from George Street in an unprepossessing basement on Hanover Street your first impression will be of warm wooden tables in a white cave! My favourite dish is to get a selection of salads from their legendary salad table with a roll and some home made patties of buttermmmmm! The food is fairly well priced, not too expensive, and in the winter expect some lovely mulled wine for sale.笑
Read a lot of great reviews about this place but we were disappointed.
I ordered the Haggis which was very bland and underseasoned, it came with a pasta salad which was just ok and cole slaw with apples and raisins which was slightly better. The vegetable stroganoff was more like vegetable soup because there were no noodles-it had good flavor but not really that substantial for a meal. The baked Aubergine was ok but pretty boring. Hendersons is like early 70's vegetarian food-it just was not that exciting.笑
So glad I found this place while visiting Edinburgh! We originally wanted to go to the Henderson's Vegan restaurant that's around the corner but to my great disappointment they were fully booked.
Thankfully Henderson's has like 3 different places to eat, so we went downstairs to the cafeteria style vegan/vegetarian restaurant.
We had the Vegan Haggis with mash potato and 4 of the many vegan salads that were on offer.
All of it was great! Very tasty and hearty meals, great vegan comfort food. 
Can you please open a branch in Western Australia ?!笑
I actually came to Henderson's to have a look at the shop, a kind of Peckhams style deli which sells the best in organic farm produce, very refreshing to see in amongst so many commercial restaurants and boozers!

The restaurant was actually shut when we visited but we made good use of the deli, buying a couple of organic chicken salad rolls and a yummy pastry which was super sweet and delicious. I love the layout of the store, the smells and the sights..all of the food looks, well, good enough to eat. As well as the deli counter, they also sell tinned goods, healthy ready meals and freshly baked bread and cakes, which are to die for.

A lovely little deli-shop, perfect for a healthy choice in Edinburgh.笑
As a tourist in Scotland, I was curious about haggis.  I'm Asian, so I guess you could say I'll eat about anything (and I pride myself on having an iron stomach--food poisoning, what's that?), but I thought I might have to draw the line at haggis.

Then a local told me that Henderson's is the place to go.  Not only is it vegetarian, but they have a veggie version of haggis that supposedly tastes "just like the real thing."  

So, we went there and it was fabulous.  It's a small-ish place, but everything was flavorful and just what our starving bellies needed.  Oh, and yes, I got the veggie haggis.  Totally awesome and filling.  I think the texture was nothing like the real thing, but at least now I know what haggis is "supposed" to taste like.  

Friendly staff, great food.  What more can you ask for?  Don't even hesitate if you're a carnivore.  You'll be more than satisfied and you'll probably leave with a whole new appreciation of vegetarian food.笑
This basement vegetarian restaurant is really interesting. It boasts being one of the oldest restaurants in the city. They have a deli upstairs and a bistro round the corner so whether you are on the move or have more time to relax its a great place to eat. The service is also efficient and friendly.笑
My mum swears by this place but I have never really warmed to it. It is veggie food but is expensive for what it is and quite bland and served in a way that is reminiscent of a school canteen. On a weekday lunchtime there will be a sea of grey hair as they purchase their ratatouilles and baked potatoes and broccoli bakes, the tables are close together and it can be really hard to find a seat at times. 
I am not really sure what it wants to be. There is something about food that is dished out in this way that makes me think it isn't really a proper restaurant - wandering about with a tray looking for a seat really does give me high school flashbacks so it really isn't for me. But mum loves it.笑
There are many things I miss about not living in Edinburgh anymore, and Henderson's has to be right at the top of that list.  The food is usually good, often excellent, and the prices are far from unreasonable.  I have to say I prefer eating in the Bistro rather than the main restaurant downstairs as it has a warmer atmosphere, though you're paying a little more for your meal there.

The best part about it is that there is enough variety and flavour to please most non-vegetarians.  I've taken my mother and sisters there, my mother-in-law and my father, all of whom love their meat, but they've enjoyed the food.  Yes, I'm sure they would have preferred a nice steak, but while they might have gone in there a little apprehensive they came out satisfied and with no reservations about returning.

The shop is a little pricy, but let's face it, if you're vegetarian or vegan you're penalised wherever you go.  If you don't want to eat meat but still want a varied diet, you're going to have to pay for it.  The prices are comparable, or even cheaper, than the other main vegetarian stores in the city and the quality is always excellent.

This place holds a special place in my heart as it is where I took my wife for our first proper date, where I proposed to her and where we had our wedding reception, but that doesn't blind me to its imperfections.  Getting down the stairs to the toilets from the Bistro is a nerve-wracking experience, the main restaurant downstairs is often crowded and sometimes the staff can be a little hit and miss, particularly the younger workers.  However, its imperfections are far outweighed by the quality of the food and the general ambiance.笑
It's Easter Monday, you ate watery soup for lunch, you're starving but have an appointment in 30 minutes after which you're going to pints. WHAT DO YOU DO??

If you're me, you go to the nearest cafe and get a brownie. If you're my beloved, you have a lightbulb moment and suggest Henderson's for something rather healthier and, as I discovered, just as tasty as a brownie. 

We split the bean wrap.  The Man thought we should each get our own but I thought sharing would be perfect as we were just there for a hearty snack to keep us going. The wrap was FILLED with tasty bean pate (ie, smooth beans) and roast veggies. It HIT THE SPOT.  He even agreed that half a wrap was the perfect amount of food. 

It was absolutely the best thing we could have chosen and we both felt our rumbling tummies soothe and thank us for the deliciousness.  

Henderson's will definitely be our go-to place for a quick bite whenever we're stranded in the New Town area.笑
We were suggested to go here by a local meat eater. There were a bunch of options for vegans however I got the olives starter and the stuffed pepper with risotto. It was a bit bland but cooked with care. I got the mistake of getting vegan cheesecake as a dessert. After one bite I had to ask to switch it for something else. It tasted terrible. Do not order the cheesecake!!笑
Super friendly staff! But service is a bit slow to me. I think that's just how it is over here though! No one is ever in a rush haha. 

Food: the vegetarian risotto! Very creamy with good feta cheese. The squash really made the dish though, it balanced everything out with its sweet taste. The arugula was a bit too much, but I just brushed it to the side. 
Dessert: CARROT CAKE. YUMMMM! Idk, I've just been craving carrot cake and it hit the spot.笑
Henderson's is an institution in Edinburgh - a trail-blazing vegetarian-only restuarant before such things were de rigeur (and we're talking over 40 years ago).


 It's still a good place for vegetarians, and one of the few places to take vegan friends. But for my money it hasn't quite moved enough with the times: it still feels a bit basic and cafe-like (you collect a tray and go up to the counter), and the prices are a little high for what you get. But it is reliable, the ingredients are always fresh, and the array of salads is impressive. A better bet for lunch in my view.


 They've recently revamped the bistro next door, which offers a more upmarket dining experience with modern decor, though I have not eaten here. They are open on Sundays, albeit closing at 22h. What is it with veggie places and early closing?笑
Henderson's has become a lunch time favourite of mine as I sometimes work nearby. This little shop and deli on Hanover Street offer a variety of options, ranging from soups, salads, spanakopita, quiche to ready made sandwiches. 

Most often I opt for a large cup of soup and a roll, and this costs £2.70. There are usually about 3 different soups on offer daily, which is nice as most places have only one or max 2. My favourite is the lentil & apricot soup which probably is also the most flavoursome of the bunch.. Quite often I feel that the soups could benefit of a bit more seasoning, but all in all they do taste quite fresh and healthy.
The bread is lovely.. I had a large sunflower seed roll, which definitely beats the ones offered at likes of Sainsbury's etc. 

The shop has a large selection of other items as well: coffee, tea, chocolate, jams, crackers, fruit. 

A note for those falafel lovers out there: today when I visited the shop there was a notice that they are soon unable to sell falafels (due to a distribution issue).笑
Yummy and gourmet bean burger ! Cute retro under the stair Resturant . They have a bistro up stairs that I will try next time instead. Lots of room in the downstairs part for meeting big groups. I didn't like the cafeteria style ordering but they bring your hot food out to you so that's good. 
The food was really great! Gourmet veggie style dishes and beautifully presented!  
Food was well priced for the area and once again delicious !!!笑
As a vegetarian, I love this place! If you're not vegitarian, don't be put off.


 Scrumy meals at decent prices. I had a very nice Sunday lunch here last week. The meals are freshly prepared.


 For pudding I'd strongly recommend the affogato (shot of coffee over ice cream), and surprisingly, the soya ice cream tastes damn good!笑
Vegetarian restaurants in our local area are as rare as hen's teeth, so on our recent trip to Edinburgh, we decided to give Hendersons a try. Descending down the steps into the main part of the restaurant, it was obvious that this was a very popular bustling  Edinburgh eatery. Our table at the back end of the restaurant was cosy for the five of us and near to a wall housing humorous artwork. After perusing the interesting selection on the menu for quite a time, enough for me to change my mind on numerous occasions, we still hadn't had our order for drinks taken. As I beckoned one of the waiters over, he looked quite perturbed that I disturbed his routine, but quickly changed his demeanour to take our order. 

A couple of us ordered the Yellowhammer, a very quaffable golden ale that complimented the mains perfectly, whilst others plumped for the Innis and Gunn, the beer combined with whisky. Going straight for the mains, I could have gone for the Vegan Haggis that everybody raves about, but instead went for the Stack including roasted courgettes, peppers and my new favourite food - halloumi, on a bed of salad, lovely and light. We had a quite a variety of other dishes including a hearty risotto, a chunky vegetable soup with big slices of filling bread, and a spicy chickpea and cauliflower curry, with chilli, coriander, and basmati rice. None of the dishes were overtly big in portion size, but more than made up for in flavour.

Desserts were almost obligatory, the Belgian dark chocolate and coffee pot, was delightful, fantastic complimenting flavours. The mango and passion fruit crème brulee as refreshing as it sounds, and the cherry pie, a triumphant nod to the classic dish served in an American diner. An enjoyable evening for the company and the great food, but the restaurant was slightly too busy for me personally on the night we visited笑
I really like Henderson's. It's one of those vegetarian places where you can eat relatively light or seriously stuff yourself, whatever you want. I'm not a vegetarian but I am pretty strict about my 5 a day so the range of options here is great. Tasty, hearty, healthy - you won't leave hungry.笑
It is the first vedgy place in edinburgh and deserves some praise for that. has seen better days and is selfservice/canteen type pace. the food is wholesome and tasty but dont expect haute cuisine as that is not what it offers. just good simple fresh food笑
I used to walk past Henderson's all the time and always wanted to go, but never quite made it. I now live on the other side of town, but managed to make it along with a friend one weekend lunchtime. It was rather busy, so we joined the queue and eyed up the cabinet delights, as didn't want a huge meal or to linger too long. I wanted one of the tasty looking salads, but didn't think that would fill me up, so got a pizza bread slice to go with it and my friend got soup with oatcakes, as she had never tried them before, and a large slice of carrot cake to finish.

My pizza bread was lukewarm, but couldn't be bothered waiting to get it heated some more, so just went with it. The salad was rather tasty though - greens, roasted pumpkin, feta and seeds. My friend said the soup was nice, but nothing amazing and the oatcakes were rather on the dry side. I'm not sure if these were homemade oatcakes, but they looked a little different to normal.

I tried some of her carrot cake as well and it was nice and moist with extremely sweet cream cheese icing.

We were seated in an area around the corner, which was an unusual space, with low ceilings, but kind of cosy. Overall I was a little disappointed and wouldn't rush back, although am willing to give Henderson's another chance.笑
OK.  Not the smartest restaurant ever, but it doesn't pretend to be.  Food is perfectly reasonable.  Kind of canteen-style service.  Live music every evening is a nice touch.  Altogether very convenient and pleasant.笑
Hendersons is my favorite restaurant in the UK--and I went to a LOT when living there for two years.  It actually has three sections, each with a unique atmosphere and décor: the restaurant, which is a bit fancier than the other two parts--this is great for date night; the café, which is great for breakfast; and the bistro, which has a cabin-like feel, which is perfect for dinner and for listening to live music, which they have almost every night.

The food itself is phenomenal.  The menu is almost entirely vegetarian, and each dish has an original flavor, interesting textures, and a great combination of ingredients.  The lasagne is wonderful, the salads are crisp and refreshing, the soup comforting, and the tofu-sweet potato dish is my favorite.  Plus, the desserts are to-die-for: rich chocolate mousse, chocolate-hazelnut cake, fruit tarts, just to name a few.

Definitely seek out Hendersons if you're ever in Edinburgh.  It's a wonderful experience, and a great way to get a taste of Scottish cuisine without the meat.笑
The Thai nut burger with a coconut curry cream sauce, some greens and radicchio with vinaigrette and diced cherry tomatoes, all for 8.25 quid, rocked my world. While the spice brought tears to my eyes (I am hypersensitive on spice), I enjoyed the rich flavors involved. I was overall impressed with the variety of veg food available, from soups to stews to salads to lentils and breads (and desserts!)

The man playing piano in the back room added a nice touch.笑
We visited Edinburgh for about a week and are still daydreaming about the incredible lunch and dinner we had at Henderson's-- this place is such a jewel, in the truest sense... Cozy, unpretentious, caring, and with its heart in the right place-- we were impressed to discover that this vegetarian restaurant has been around for over 50 years! Descending the staircase to walk into the restaurant, you feel like you are tapping into an underground secret realm that feels like a cross between a family home and an inn...The food was really fun and delicious and that flavor was all the more enhanced by the warmth emanating from both the waiters and clientele of locals and visitors alike getting overflowing plates of lovely food. It was a joy watching little old Scottish ladies out to lunch with their friends eating healthy and earth conscious food ;) But our very favorite moment was when we came back for dinner to try their vegan haggis--which is something so sublime I will never forget it! This, coupled with Herderson's live pianist serenading us to Saint-Saens, Ravel, and Bach... make this place one of my most memorable culinary experiences

Thank you for all you do, we will surely be back again!笑
I stop in every time I am in Edinburgh. I have been coming since the 80's. Its definitely an Edinburgh institution. On this visit the food was great as usual, and they now have waiter service in the evening, as opposed to the cafeteria style service they used to. Well worth visiting!笑
I absolutely loved this place.  And I am largely a carnivore.

I went there with my girlfriend last weekend. I got the Moroccan stew with eggplant, apricots, tofu and couscous and it was absolutely incredible.  It was served with a olive/pineapple/onion/rocket salad that was a perfect compliment to the meal.  I didn't even miss or notice the lack of meat in the dish.  

The meal wasn't even that expensive (£27 for 2 large organic beers, 2 dinners, and 2 desserts).

Oh I almost forgot! the dessert was also amazing.  We both got their fruit trifle with fresh whipped creme (seems to be a staple there), and couldn't have been happier.  The trifle was served with blueberries and redcurrant berries on top, and was delicious all the way down to the bottom layer of fruit.  It's a must have.

The atmosphere of the restaurant was what truly set this place apart for me.  They have a live band every night from around 7-9 playing guitar or piano.  The music was very good (you never really know when its a small gig like that) and incredibly relaxing.  They had a weekly schedule on the wall (and it seems its mostly Jazz, but I only saw one week's schedule). 

If I lived in Edinburgh I would go there 3 nights a week at least to grab a beer and a snack and listen to some live music after work.笑
This shop boasts to be one of the best at offering high quality health foods and vegetarian foods, but all this comes at a price that is perhaps overdone.

That said, the specials aren't too bad value for money and this is a place that is good at providing quick food for vegetarians and vegans, which isn't a common trait amongst many shops around Edinburgh.

If you are a vegetarian, vegan or even just a very health conscious person you are likely to find benefits to this place.  However, as someone not in these categories I just don't get why this place costs so much.笑
The coffee was just okay and the cheese scone was not bad, but I LOVED the "rock cake".  It was under a pound and just really really good!!!!笑
I ate at the Henderson's restaurant/café rather than the bistro. This place was great, if a bit pricey. Had a side salad and the lentil dahl spicy soup, which was delicious. Would have liked to return but alas, never found the time.笑
I ordered the curry, but it tasted more like pasta sauce. Very sweet, not to my taste. My husband ordered the sweet potato/lentil Sheppard's pie, which was ok. Came with veggies on the side. Overall everything was just average, probably not worth going back and definitely not really worth the price, esp compared to other veg options in town.笑
I'm not a vegetarian but I do choose to eat here regularly. The food is really good and I always feel like I'm eating good quality produce. The salad bar is particularly good and a bit cheaper than the hot meals but it is quite an expensive place. I did once have an amazing mushroom and spinach lasagne here and keep waiting for it to reappear on the menu! The shop upstairs has a good selection of salads, sandwiches and hot food to take away and also organic fruit, veg and bread. If I worked nearby I would definitely get my lunch here everyday.笑
I've already written a review about the St John's branch, but I thought I should write one about the original too. 

I have only eaten in the deli, but every time has been a pleasant experience. The soup is really tasty, and there are 3 options a day, which spices up life a bit. I have have morrocan tangine flavour, spicy lentil dal, red pepper, and many other flavours. I usually get it with bread, and there is a choice of seeded roles,  wholemeal, white, sourdough, oatmeal, cheeese scones, and probably some seasonal special. There is a deli counter with lots of ready to cook food made at Hendersons, like lasagna, savoury filled crepes, quiche and so on. I have heard from multiple sources that the vegan cherry pie is very good too.

After finishing your lunch, you may be tempted to look around the shop. It's a haven for those with allergies beside vegetarians; I saw many gluten and dairy free products, including chocolate and cookies. The fridges are well stocked up with pre-made sandwiches, salads, sushi, and a few locally made cakes.

This is a really lovely central place, and I end up going here if I find myself faint after a few hours of shopping.笑
Hendersons Restaurant is in the centre of town and is a great place for vegetarians to eat. The quality of food is quite good and I enjoyed eating there despite being somewhat of a carnivore! The prices are reasonably expensive for the portions they give you (although cheaper than places along George Street) but that I can only assume is due to the fact the restaurant is in the centre of town and the rates must be very high.


 The main complaint I would have is that the restaurant is some what lacking in quality seating and there is a 'rough and ready' feel to it. I would not go if I was not eating with a vegetarian or needed to eat healthily but it is a nice place to eat in the city centre.笑
A real favourite of mine. And most of Edinburgh I suspect.

Despite being a carnivore, I'm always happy with the food here - it's super fresh and delicious and you don't feel guilty after eating it! The downstairs restaurant offers canteen style ordering - and you can get a good idea of what's available by checking out what's on display. 

There's normally some type of art on the wall here too - it makes for an interesting place to stop for lunch or breakfast and unwind. There's no pretence; OAPs catching up over pots of tea mix with students and yummy mummies and I've seen a few business meetings being held here too. Just a lovely place to spend some time.
The deli upstairs is great for snacks on the go and by all accounts the sit down bistro is a treat to visit.笑
FALAFEL PARTY IN MY MOUTH. Seriously, definitely the best falafel I've ever eaten. 
Unfortunately though the three salads I had alongside it were a bit lacklustre bringing it down from 4* to 3*. 
Nice chilled out interior (though not many seats), and it seems like it has a few nice bits and pieces to buy too.笑
Weird. That was my main take away. The food was ok -- nothing amazing, a little pricey, but serviceable. We ate in the downstairs portion with table service, which inexplicably featured a very loud piano player. He wasn't bad, really, but way too loud for such a small space and playing a bizarre song selection (teenage dirt bag?). I was really relieved when he went on break, and we skipped dessert to avoid subjecting ourselves to further entertainment.

There aren't a ton of vegetarian options in Edinburgh, so that alone is enough to recommend this place. However, I would recommend skipping the table service!笑
staff can be hit and miss but i had a lovely wedding reception here笑
I always make sure to visit Henderson's at least once when I journey to Edinburgh. Eating vegetarian is a nice change and Henderson's does it well.

I normally opt for a portion of whatever vegetable soup they have on that day. The soup and the bread it comes with are both pleasant. If I had to criticise, I think sometimes that the soups are slightly under seasoned, but all the tables have salt and paper so it's nothing you can't sort out yourself.

I am less enthusiastic about their dessert offerings, however. There's nothing offensive about them, they're just not particularly inspiring. You can expect to see cute looking strawberry tartlets and pastries with kiwi fruit and stuff. It all looks perfectly nice through the glass, but when you get it, you find the pastry is a little heavy and it just doesn't match the higher standards that their savoury food sets.

I'd recommend Henderson's for lunch and lunch only. It's ideal for a quick bite to eat for a friend and perhaps something sweet after. The food is not unforgettable, but at the prices Henderson's charges, you don't expect it to be.笑
It's quite overpriced in that 'we're going to put vegan and organic in front of everything so we can charge you £6 for a jacket potato' type of way, which is really quite annoying, particularly when I remember it being more affordable when I visited a few years ago. But goddamn it, it's just so cosy down there and the food just sounds so fresh and healthy and appetising it's surprisingly difficult to turn away once you've been lured down the steps! It's a solid choice for me to take both veggies and omnivores when needing a casual foodstop (/shelter from the weather) in the middle of town. You grab a tray and order along a school canteen style counter, at which point I was dithering over my menu choice so panicked and pointed to the first salad I saw (cue coleslaw overload on the side of my jacket potato). They have a compact but tasty sounding choice of hot dishes, soups and salads, as well as fresh juices and plenty of tempting baked goodies around the till. Despite my panic order our jackets were a nice stodgy energy boost that kept us going well through an afternoon at the fringe (and err associated drinkies). Noteworthily (if that's not a word it should be) clean toilets too!笑
I tend to seek out the vegetarian restaurants whenever I travel as I want to avoid meat (unless it's organic or free range) and I can't eat gluten. The only issue is I can't eat onion either and many vegetarian restaurants usually pile their dishes full of onion. At Henderson's Bistro this didn't seem to be a problem at all. I ordered the nachos which were gluten free, then just omitted the salsa and instead had a delicious bean salsa. It was delicious! Plenty of cheese, sour cream, guac and nacho chips. The freshly squeezed orange juice was really nice and we had a chocolate nut cake for dessert which was nice though it was quite heavy. The service was good and the bistro was obviously quite popular as it filled up around us. The menu is small but has a good range of options for everyone. I'd certainly eat there again.笑
Upmarket deli's are the mainstay of most affluent areas, and Henderson's fits within this bracket.  Prices are high but the quality is good, in particular the scones are a treat!

A restaurant looms in the background with the deli counter at the forefront. There's far too many appealing eats to even let you near the restaurant.  The frittata is a true gem too, with most other deli offering covering both the vegan and gluten free bases.

A top choice if your paying with the company card, which I believe 90% of the clientele here will be doing.笑
Considering how many reviews for this place have already been written (and largely by people far better qualified than myself), I thought it would barely be worth my adding another one. And I will keep it brief, as there isn't any need for me to reword other people's comments on the vegetarian-organic philosophy or the quality of the food.

The only thing I thought would be worth mentioning is the atmosphere - there aren't many places I've been which have the same relaxed, friendly and unpretentious feel as Henderson's. The staff are generally very nice, the decor is cool but also endearingly shabby and, most importantly, they support local art and music.

Granted, this isn't by any means a priority for everyone, and it's very probable that it's partially responsible for their relatively high prices, but I think that especially in the current atmosphere of frugality it is something equally individual and equally worthy of celebration as their cooking.笑
Hendersons is fantastic if you are vegetarian. I am not, so it ain't my thing. My Granny likes it here after she took my vegetarian aunty here when she was at Edinburgh uni, 30 years ago. So she often takes me and I can appreciate it is a great place for vegetarians with a huge selection of dishes. The service is top notch also.
 
However. Why mess with Flapjacks? After the initial shock of my meatless lunch, my Granny filled my hand with change and sent me to buy a cake from the counter. I licked my lips and chose a nice thick Flapjack. I hurried back to my seat and took one bite and was confused. Where was the syrupy, chewy goodness I was expecting? It had been replaced by some rather tasteless sawdust. Clearly in Vegan/Vegetarian world nice sweet cakes are a no no. This gives me a case of the sads.笑
Organic, vegetarian, to go. A full meal goes up to no less than £7. Burritos, wraps and burgers with a variety of fresh side salads. Cakes and pastries are sold as dessert, but you can find chocolates and other sweets at their displays. The top bar serves food until 5pm, then the lower floor opens as a cafeteria. A satisfactory meal, filling and healthy.笑
I can't quite put my finger on it, but for some reason Henderson's remninds me somewhat of an up-market, old-fashioned tea room/cantine.


 Having said that, the food is good quality (if not superb) and its a great place to go for lunch, whether you're vegetarian, vegan or pagan. Keep a check on the wallet, though, cause there's a tendency to get pricey here...笑
Delicious range of vegetarian food on offer and some nice soft and alcoholic drink choices.
As others have mentioned, staff can be hit or miss  on my last visit, the gentleman in charge was rather rude and ignored us for ages  he also spoke over our shoulder and had a lengthy conversation with some people leaving, as we were stood in front of him waiting to pay. He made the experience very cold and unfriendly.
If the variety of food wasn't as good as it is, I don't think I would return.笑
I ate at Henderson's once a week during my time in Edinburgh and never had a disappointing meal.  I never have been and probably never will be a vegetarian but with the meals here you don't even miss the meat.  One of my favorites was the lentil lasagna, which was perfectly flavored and had a generous portion.  I always thought the wine prices were reasonable too.  

If you can leave without a scone and fresh clotted cream, good on you.笑
I won't deny that Hendersons is an Edinburgh institution. It was the first specially vegetarian restaurant in Edinburgh in the 70s, at a time when people were beginning to become aware of it. Despite the mainstream disapproval of vegetarianism this place was really trendy, and still rides on its fame from the good old days.

We are lucky to have the number of vegetarian restaurants in Edinburgh that we do today. This, however, means more competition for Hendersons. Nonetheless it still remains probably the best known.

I have mixed feelings about Hendersons however. On one hand it provides a great variety of generally good quality vegetarian food, on the other its pricey for what you pay for and the menu never really seems to change. It's a great shame that some of the other criticisms here have confused some generally bad experiences that could have happened at any restaurant, with the fact this restaurant just happens to be vegetarian. It's clearly fallacious to say that just because your cake wasn't creamy enough vegetarian restaurants must disapprove of creamy cakes. Any restaurant could serve you a disappointing flapjack. It reminds me of the sort of arguments you here from intolerant travellers when they are abroad and don't like something they've been served or whatever and equate it with something necessary about the culture or the people.

That aside Hendersons does have it downside. I love their chickpea and tomato stew, but it's not that special, it's something I cook all the time and don't expect to pay £6 for it. I love their crusty bread with curry, but could they change it around more often? I find Hendersons can be too expensive for simple dishes that seem to always be the same (albeit from a great range). On the former point I sometimes feel that Hendersons now caters mostly for the New Town residents, perhaps the rebellious youth of the 70s now all grown up and able to afford it. They do offer a student discount however.

But now let me defend Hendersons and say that the quality of the food, both nutritionally and taste wise, is still high above the average, and unlike most pubs or standard Italian restaurants, I don't feel like I owe my body an apology after eating there. I don't think that a slab of flesh maketh a meal (considering our bodies aren't made to eat meat with every meal and that 6-7% of the worlds population live without meat, through choice or circumstance, this claim seems ridiculous).

I think to claim that Hendersons is a place that can be "okay for some lifestyles but not for me really" or "not really my thing cos I eat meat" is a claim from someone who hasn't tried the range of dishes available here, or has some problematic addiction to one particular food group (besides presumably these people don't literally eat meat with every single meal: breakfast, lunch, dinner and snacking- or they probably don't have much longer to live). Again, you might not like Hendersons because they are rude or the dishes are cold or you thought the curry tasted crap, but the mere absence of meat in a place surely does not make it a pleasure only for the select few.

Incidentally Hendersons is not unfriendly, the dishes aren't cold and nearly all the dishes I've tried (quite a number) have tasted very nice.

A great vegetarian institution that still remains a great option despite some setbacks.笑
I have a very vague memory of eating here 25 years ago from the days when I first became a vegetarian. I loved having lunch here again yesterday. On the plus side I must say the food is really excellent  among the very best vegetarian food you could find anywhere, really fresh and totally delicious, with a great amount of choice too. I particularly like the way you can order a smaller portion of a main course in order to have some of those gorgeous salads on the side as well. The staff are lovely, so friendly and helpful  I love their big smiles!
I so want to be able to give this place 5 stars because I so loved my meal and will most definitely not leave it another 25 years before eating there again! (Pity 4-and-a-half stars aren't an option)
Somy only (minor) gripes are that the blackboards aren't that easy to read and the salads could be labelled. I imagine the staff get very tired of having to explain what everything is. It would also be better if there were waitress service  or a compromise where you order at the counter but they bring it to the table. It's not easy having to carry trays of food around looking for a table when you're already laden with shopping!
Apart from that, I would say 'highly recommended' for top quality vegetarian cuisine.笑
Oh, my heart hath such conflict! When my hubs and I, both long-time vegetarians, happened to amble past Henderson's I leapt at the chance to finally scope this vegetarian restaurant out. From the exterior Henderson's looked cute enough, and anything claiming to serve veggie foodstuffs warrants a snoop in my book. However, Henderson's was not exactly what I had been expecting.

I'll admit from the get-go that a lot of my confusion comes from not knowing what exactly Henderson's was. First of all, when we ventured inside we walked past a sign that offered table service during a certain window of time. When we got inside to see that there was a buffet-style ordering line just inside, we were unsure what to do: wait to be seated, or order first, or what? As there didn't seem to be any table service happening, and no one guiding folk to seats, we decided on snagging a table first. No problems there--there was plenty of tables to chose from, although some were a bit big for just the two of us. We grabbed one and then approached the ordering line. As there's not much room to stand, we had only perused the menu a few seconds before the girl behind the counter chirped, "Ready to order?" That along with the people waiting behind us lead us to clumsily choosing something on the spot, being given a small wooden spoon to mark our table (cute), then moving on down the line to what we assumed was the checkout. The drinks at the end of the line were displayed, but we didn't have much time to dawdle there either before another (somewhat brusque) girl accepted our payment. I ended up coming back to snag drinks moments later. Again, maybe I can chalk feeling rushed up to my not knowing what the heck I was doing in Henderson's, but there it is.

By the time I'd returned to my table with drinks (two for over 5 pounds--a bit dear!), the food had magically arrived--surprisingly quickly! And happy I was to see it, as I was starving! We'd ordered two "nut burger" options with potato wedges and garlic mayo. What arrived was a nut loaf with three gigantic potato spears and said mayo. Although I was taken aback by what was not to me a burger at all, I was gratified to find my food was delicious, if dense. Talk about a filling meal! Still, when I found out my husband and I had paid just under 30 pounds for one soup, veggie-nut-not-quite-burgers, and two canned drinks, I was a bit dismayed. You could easily pay just that much for a nicer dining experience than no table service, buffet-style ordering, and veggie food. I'll admit the novelty of finding a yummy veggie restaurant is awesome, but ouch. That one hit the wallet a bit below the belt!

I wasn't left feeling overwhelmingly impressed with Henderson's decor, either. Although the interior is lined with artwork of Edinburgh's skylines and cityscapes (nice), the rest is a bit ramshackle in feel. Sometimes mismatched chairs and tables feels quirky and charming, and other times it feels, well, a little messy. Henderson's felt a bit on that end of the spectrum to me, although it was clean and had plenty of seating available.

I'm definitely glad to have finally experienced a undoubtedly tasty meal at Henderson's. However, if you're looking for a slightly more personal, welcoming atmosphere, I'm not entirely sure that this is the place to get it. I think I should visit Henderson's again to scope out the smaller portions and see how that fits my wallet and tastebuds before making a final assessment, especially when knowing how to properly place an order, but as of right now, I feel disappointingly "meh" about the whole experience.笑
This was a a GREAT little veg cafe. Do take note, it's more of a cafe than a restaurant. There are a few tiny tables, but not much space to eat. It is a charming decor though nonetheless. 

The food, although previously prepared, was quite fresh and tasty. They sprinkle sone greens onto the plate for a little salad as well which is a nice touch to some of the heartier items. 

The choices were nice and diverse. I felt like a little spice and they had some Indian/Middle Eastern themed options. I also had some vegan haggis in a parcel which was fantastic! 

The people were very nice and helpful. 

I wished I lived in the area to come back again. One day when I move to Scotland I will be back!笑
Whilst in the past, when actually eating here, the sub-level dining area has felt a bit dim and dark I discovered this week that sitting out in the main, more brightly lit area for a coffee was a decidedly more enjoyable experience.笑
Hmmmm, trying to be a vegetarian for the month and, on a trip to Edinburgh was looking for somewhere for lunch. The deli is well rated so I thought I'd give it a go. 

The food looked amazing!!!! If I ate with my eyes then I would have been an amazing experience ... But let's get down to reality ... There is a limited choice of hot lunches on the menu board and at the time of my visit, parking the soup (pointless waste of food), I was left with different types of burger. So in the interests of comparing like with like, I went for the bean burger as I have more chance of getting those elsewhere than I do something more fancy. 

It was reasonably priced and there was a good choice of add on items to make it a lunch.   But where would I sit ... The place is small. I had ready had to shuffle past a damp old lady more closely than I otherwise would like to have, just to get to the till. There is limited seating but fortunately an empty stool next to the window sill beckoned and I shuffled up next to a damp middle age man, taking up his news paper page turning arm space and close enough to the window to lick the condensation. 

The food arrived quickly ... Perhaps too quickly in hindsight ... But it looked lovely.  Here I stumble upon the main issue. A bean burger is pretty much just that, just mushed up beans ... Hendersons had done well to try and disguise the impending disappointment with spicy red sauce on the side, some salad and a bun that had seeds to make it look like the acne on a teenagers cheeks. But it still tasted like mushed up kidney beans ... Aka DULL!!!

The many assorted filo parcels were winking and laughing at me from behind the glass chiller. "Should have picked me" they laughed. But they weren't in the eat in menu and I didn't want to sit in the rain eating cold vegetarian food from a paper bag ....

Great reputation, Good location, Reasonable price, small, busy and disappointingly bean burgerish. But from other peoples comments I think I picked a duff choice on a wet day when maybe secretly, I was not enjoying playing at being a vegetarian ...笑
Always nice to find an all vegetarian restaurant in northern Europe! So many options! My partner and I both got the risotto and side salads. I thought the risotto was so so but my partner really loved it. It was quite moist and creamy. Side salads nothing special, but they have a lot to choose from which is nice. 
The star of the show was the fruite almond torte thing with fresh whipped creme that I had for dessert. Oh. My. God. So amazing. 
I would probably give it a 3 1/2 star if I could. The atmosphere is quite cute.笑
Lots of vegetarian options. I had a Greek salad which was a good one, what you'd expect, a lentil salad with tofu, which was nothing too special but nice and healthy, and a delicious butternut squash lentil coconut soup with bread all for £7.50. The woman at the counter was extremely helpful.