This is THE BEST gluten free bakery and cafe in Pittsburgh metro area. The quality is easily better than many of the most top quality gluten free products I've enjoyed at restaurants, cafes and bakeries across the country. Many of the items are so delicious that I often have to double and triple check whether or not they are in fact gluten free. The constantly changing weekly menus for cafe lunch items are posted at the beginning of the week and many times I find myself planning my weekly travels around what's being served on any given day. Top recommendations would have to be the GF Pirogies, Veggies And Pasta, chocolate cake with raspberry layers, mocha brownies, large soft pretzels, cheese bread, chocolate and farmer's cheese mousse and even the dog biscuits have seemed to be a hit. If you're passing through or live in the area and you are gluten free, or not, cafe chocolate is a must.笑
I've had the pleasure of dining here a few times now and looking forward to another visit.  the food is consistently outstanding!   I appreciate the changing menu, always something new and delicious to try.  the desserts are incredible, do not leave without one or you will have missed out!!!笑
A friend took me here for lunch. She said it was one of her favorite places to eat. The menu is limited to a handful of selections. The owner/chef was confident, pleasant and accommodating. After we ordered we went upstairs to the terrace. It was private and serene. The food came (served by the owner) and it was all so amazingly delicious. The portions were ample and the service was just the right amount of attentiveness. The cappucino and dessert topped the meal. Here's why I'm giving Cafe Chocolade the full five stars: 1.  The chef really knows his stuff!  Check out his website and read his credentials. Impressive.  2.  Although I don't really even know what it means to be gluten-free, the gluten free items I had here were fantastic. 3.  This is a small family business that lovingly creates meals for the rest of us to savor and enjoy.  What a gift! This guy's passion is evident and that alone makes me want to keep coming back. Many thanks.笑
Cozy little cafe, friendly owner and excellent coffee. Our son said the maccarons flavors were true to course - cherry vanilla tasted like cherry and vanilla!! The gluten free biscotti  had a very good texture - not grainy like so many GF baked goods- and not overly sweet. Can't wait to come back and try the pierogie and quiche!!! Thanks, Jim!笑
I was in Pittsburg for a quick meeting with a client.  The following day on my way to the airport, I stopped by Cafe Chocolade to grab some lunch.  It didn't look like a restaurant from the outside, but it's a small cozy place with a nice variety of delicious pastries.  The menu changes daily as mentioned by the chef.  I ordered the crab cake soufflé with a salad and a chocolate cupcake.  The soufflé was heavenly and the cupcake was moist, the melt in your mouth kind of thing.  I'll stop by the next time I am in Pittsburg.笑
Words to describe this place... unbelievably delicious, savory, sweet, quaint, chill , relaxed, cute, incredible! I had been meaning to come here for a while and I finally did, and I cannot believe how good it was, why was there not a line outside. 

Came here with my lady, as it was only 4 mins down the road on which I live. Walked into a house-like lounge-like cafe. Walked to the counter and a man greeted us. This guy had the most down to earth vibe a man could have. Not sure of the order of operations at the restaurant I told him that I had been meaning to visit and try the salads I had heard about (the best salads in Pittsburgh)- he calmly smirked on that comment (as if he knew, we knew he knew, and he knew we knew) he then asked if we knew what we wanted. There were only to food options. We got the shrimp scampi with a salad. and sat. Note that he had an awesome selection of craft sodas and drinks.  

The right side of the cafe coming in has comfortable little seating area with a couch and also a table for two- thats where we sat. 

After a little waiting he brought out the salads with shrimp- AND BOY WAS IT A SALAD. Im talking grapes. balls of Parmesan, an array of different greens, hand made croutons, seeds/nuts, red pepper slices, carrots, a radish, topped with homemade balsamic vinaigrette. Then came the shrimp, succulent and cooked to perfection- it tasted unbelievable on point with a perfect mix of flavors that did not overwhelm but complimented each other perfectly. 

Then came dessert- my god the macaroons were perfect. But my favorite was the pistachio chocolate tart and the craft beer cupcake(of his choosing)- all topped off with a cappuccino. 

A little pricey yes- but you are paying for quality ingredients, healthy food,  and a handmade product! I will return and talk this place up. Frankly I am surprised there isn't a line to the parking lot.笑
Had a fantastic lunch! It was so wonderful to have a gluten free sandwich. I almost forgot how to eat a sandwich! The salads were great. This chef is really into his work. I enjoyed talking to him and watching him cook. 
I was interested in his desserts and he spent the time talking to me about all of them.  Next time I will have desserts for sure! They are too beautiful to pass up and most are gluten free!!!笑
If you want quality this is the place, they have the best lunches I have had! Then the best European Breads and the pastries, truly the best in the burgh!!!!
I see why they are one of the top bakeries, top 10 cupcake, best of the burgh, and best restaurants (best gluten free in Pittsburgh as well).
A must try!!!笑
Excellent!!!  Quaint place....nice atmosphere..Nice guy running this place...fresh made pasteries and fresh roasted coffee.....good stuff....really good stuff...so glad I came here.笑
I was looking for a nice place to have coffee around me. I found this amazing quite and very artistic place with fire place. And the food was amazing too笑
Wonderful and healthy food.  Service is just okay but the food makes it worth it!  The place is nice, makes you feel at home.笑
Amazing pastries!  Very unique...I think.  Picked up the Mother's Day special of ravioli, sauce, and salad.  Everything was delicious but the salad was outstanding.  Very fresh.  The owner/baker/chef is a very nice guy.  I hope this cafe survives but it's in a weird spot.  I wish it were in Shadyside!笑
Wow! Such great gluten free options and they are delicious to say the least. Tried cupcakes, a tarte, and macaroons. Everything was legit and I usually don't even like macaroons but these were awesome. Wish we lived in the area to try this place more often but definitely plan to stop by anytime in town.笑
Went here because of all the amazing reviews and was disappointed. I must have caught them on a bad day or something because I was getting no where with the people running the place. I walked in to the little place excited to try a new place. I greeted the people over the counter since their social skills weren't fully there. I said I was new to the place and I wasn't sure if I should order and then sit or wait to be seated. A good question I thought at the time since there were no instructions anywhere. The girl over the counter just stared at me as though id asked the strangest question in the world and just said it's up to you I guess. I then asked for a menu. It was another odd question apparently because she began to tell me that whatever was in the showcase was it. I asked if they served food or was it only desserts? She turned around to look at the chef in the back and he came forward and told me the same thing. I guess they don't serve food I wouldn't know. It was feeling very awkward so I asked for a slice of some chocolate cake that was displayed and decided to leave with it. As far as the piece of cake it was good but I can't tell you what the name of the item was. It was the most peculiar place I've ever been. If I ever decide to go back, I hope to get some service. It's a shame too. I really like supporting smaller businesses by spreading the word. I'm sad to sad I don't have a lot of great things to say about this place. If you go here order out. I'm sure this is what the owners may prefer.笑
Great Gluten Free bread and Biscotti.  We will definitely come back.笑
When they say fork and knife burger they mean it! The owner is friendly and does the cooking and it's so fresh. Absolutely recommend!笑
Without question my favorite of all time cafe. We make special trips to go pick up his goodies and have lunch when we can. No other place in my travels have even touched how amazing this place is and how talented James is. I would cry forever if I couldn't have my mini focaccia breads or tiramisu.笑
Five stars does not do this place justice! The owners shows that gluten-free doesn't have to be the exception. Here gluten-free is the norm. The party of five came in with less than an hour before close and received awesome food and great service. Food ordered included chicken piccata pasta, cheddar cheese fettuuccini, and roasted chicken tacos. All had the signature salad. We all left clean plates! Took desserts to go. For the best selection of pastries come early. Other reviews commented on high price for food. But the price is worth the taste and effort put into these awesome gluten free creations.  With my wife's trouble with gluten we will visit this place again when in Pittsburgh.笑
After our Niko's letdown, the Fiancee and I were left starving and in need for some food in the Robinson Township area.  Determined to avoid the chains, we consulted the great Yelp, and low and behold, this little jem arose.

From the outside it doesn't look like much, but inside you're presented with a cozy little cafe that has 2 tables, a few couches, etc.

The chef is extremely personable and was thrilled to see new clientele walking in.  We decided to get the lunch special (chicken wrap with brie cheese and a fantastic balsalmic salad), a prosciutto croissant, and an apple turnover.

The special.  All in all great... the salad was the real star of the show here.  The wrap was great where the brie has melted down to mold a great set of flavors together, but was inconsistent at times.

The apple turnover, while it looked fantastic, was average.

But, the croissant...  oh the croissant.  Big.  Flakey.  Buttery.  Cheesy.  Meaty.  I could have taken a dozen to go and only been left with one by the time we got home.

We'll definitely check this place out again.  Didn't get into any of the chocolates, etc. in the case, but they definitely dictate a follow-up.笑
The best!  Unbelievable lunch every time.  The man loves his craft and he has mastered it.  The salad is amazing, full of all things good.  A hidden gem!笑
So good. Excellent salad, thick flavorful protein filled soup, incredible tart and a perfect latte. The best lunch in Pitt, no question.笑
Was driving back from the airport the other day and decides to stop by this place. Absolutely love the owner who is soft-spoken and super friendly. I order their shrimp tamales to go. These tamales were one of the best tasting ones I've ever had! All their lunch entrees come with a salad and their salads are some of the best tasting mixes you'll find anywhere, all with local and organic ingredients. Given the quality of the food, the prices are very reasonable. I can't wait to stop by to try some of their pastries/dessert next time - lots to select from, including biscotti, cupcakes, mini cheesecakes, and cake pops (and some are even gluten-free!)笑
Not sure how this ended up here but I'm sure glad it did. We had an incredible salad and the biscotti and cupcakes were a delicious addition. Having said that, do not go to this place and not purchase the chocolates and macaroons! This guys is clearly a confectionary king. If you've been there and had lunch only...please do me the favor of getting the exquisitely hand made chocolates and the best macaroons in the east! (Yea, I know I just said that.)笑
Lives up to the hype. Service from an owner that could give a shit about anything but doing the absolute best best french food the way he wants when and where he wants. Worth the trek.笑
I think the first thing that must be covered is the potential for slower than expected service. So the owner is the only one working here .... which means he is the chef, waiter, barrista, cashier, greeter, and probably dishwasher. I mean when he gets mad he probably has to yell at himself .... because there is no one else. His wife runs a salon joint upstairs, but from my experience women don't take well to getting yelled at. So aside from that the food is great. The jack of all trades guy changes his menu weekly and after 3 visits I am still impressed. The salmon was great and the side salads are phenominal. The cakes, pastries and chocolates are also very good and reasonably priced. Oh, he makes those too ... I don't think he has time to watch Game of Throwns or other things because he is a slave to the food.

Make sure you check out the hours since they are limited.... again um one man show.笑
Just went here for the first time for lunch. Great food! There are two (or more) lunch specials per day, posted on the web site at the start of the week, served with a large side salad including a huge array of fresh vegetables, homemade croutons, and fresh mozzarella.  My friends had the lobster ravioli, which looked amazing, while I had the grilled veggie wrap.  Totally worth the $9.50-11 price for the portion size and quality of ingredients.  There's a large variety of baked goods, including breads, cookies, pretzels, quiche, pies, tarts, and more.

It's smallish, but there is room for about 4 parties to sit at a time. Coffee and an array of sodas are available too. Very cozy.  Stop in soon!笑
Cafe Chocolade is an oasis!  Our lunch was amazing.  The salad was one of the best we've ever had, replete with bocconcini, grapes, blueberries, blackberries, grape 
tomatoes, carrots, cucumber, peppers, sugar snap peas and thin green beans on a great mix of greens, and with a terrific balsamic vinaigrette.  The basil mozzarella quiche was fluffy and also had a good heft of cheese but was slightly bland.  The pasta with mushroom sauce was heavenly, creamy and delightfully 'shroomy.  The servings were quite ample.  The coffee was rich and flavorful, and we bought some beans to take home.  The restaurant is adorable and the service was tiptop!   
We look forward to eating the yummy-looking pastry at home that we purchased, AND to coming back here again for another meal!笑
I had heard so much about this place from some coworkers that I knew I had to try it out. A quick week day lunch date with S was the ideal excuse I needed. The place was small and menu items are few. But the food dazzled my taste-buds!  The owners are a warm and welcoming couple.  James has over 20 years of bakery experience in Europe and the US.

The lunch choices for the day were a smoked salmon sandwich on a croissant and a pierogi crepe. We got one of each. The smoked salmon was just right. It was nestled on a fresh baked beautiful croissant with farm fresh veggies and a mascarpone aioli. It was simply divine! The croissant was flaky but soft and the flavors just worked so well together. The crepe was filled with a delicious garlic potato mix. I loved this combination of texture and taste. Both entrees were served with a side salad. I don't even know how to describe the goodness of this salad. Fresh field greens, slivered almonds, grapes, cherry tomatoes, carrots, cucumber, red pepper and baby mozzarella were drizzled with a balsamic olive oil dressing garnished with home made croutons. I just drooled a little while reminiscing! Needless to say this was one of the best lunches I've had. The portion size was easily enough for a lunch for two or a lunch with left over.

The cafe roasts it's own coffee beans so the coffee is smooth and fragrant. We also bought a chocolate cupcake with rich ganache icing that I am saving to enjoy later. You won't regret a trip to this amazing spot. There will be many more trips and explorations of this gem of a place. It rates a 10 plus on the 'yumm' factor. J'adore Cafe Chocolade!笑
I always feel like the little guy out in the burbs has to work extra hard among all the chains surrounding it. I love that they're taking a chance (as is every locally owned business) in an area they want to settle in. 

While this is a little off the beaten path, I was very pleasantly surprised with my experience. Everything is made in house, even down to the pasta. And don't let me forget the beautiful pastries... more on that later.

It's a very casual environment, with only a handful of seats. Plus, the menu is very limited, so don't expect to be leafing through pages and pages. But sometimes I think that's almost better, as you're not stuck weeding through too many dishes.

We made the best decision possible, splitting our pasta's between a seafood ravioli and sausage and spiral pasta dish with red sauce. You also get a delicious side salad. But it's more of a main salad because it's filled with cucumbers, beans, grapes, tomatoes and dressed with a delicious house made balsamic dressing. I was highly impressed with everything and full until way past 8pm!

BUT it didn't just end with a meal, we also had to have dessert, becauase the case looked so tantalizing. They make macaroons, but they also have mini-macaroons that are the cutest things ever. Such a good idea for someone that wants to taste all the different flavors and not feel like their gorging themselves. 

We picked out almost every flavor and split about 15 or so. Seems like a lot, but like I said, they were mini and worth every bite. The flavors are incredible and those small portions still packed a big punch. 

If you're in the Robinson area, scrap the trip to Bravo and head here instead!笑
If you are looking for something sweet or just a nice cup of coffee this is your place to go! The chef has a daily assortment of gluten free deserts, hand made pastas, and lunch options.  I recently ordered a birthday cake for my husband's birthday, not only was the cake beautifully decorated but it was also delicious!    The time, thought, and care put into the ingredients truly shows in the meal. I highly recommend this gem in the robinson area.笑
Loved the food, the baked goods looked amazing, and the atmosphere was cozy, bright, friendly with a European flair!笑
Traveling to Pittsburgh and found this store randomly on Yelp. Turned to be a perfect spot for lunch and afternoon tea. Place is nice and quiet, and the food is awesome! Hand made pasta and salad are so fresh. Definitely will come again next time when I stop by Pittsburgh.笑
This is the best place ever!! Local, organic, gluten free and trainer approved. Pittsburgh you are lucky to have this gem!! Take the drive and support this place-promise it will be worth it.笑
This is my FAVORITE gluten free cafe in Pittsburgh. The owner is very knowledgeable on cross contamination and completely sanitizes his stainless steal counters before he prepares his gluten free baked goods and the cafe is immaculately clean. The food is amazing. He always has a wide selection of GF pastries. I special order GF bakery items and they taste amazing, you would not be able to tell most of his GF items are GF by taste. This is Gluten free heaven :)

It is a bit pricey for a meal, usually $14 for the meal of the day with a fresh salad with tomatoes, bell peppers on the side. It is hard to find a quick restaurant in Pittsburgh that offers fresh ingredients so I usually splurge. 

The owner's personality is unique. I have seen him snap at customers a bit if they ask something he feels they should already know the answer to, but his attention to detail in preparing food makes up for that.

 I would rather pay a fe extra dollars to have fresh food in an immaculately clean cafe. 

Definitely visit!!!!笑
Got to try lunch here and I'm sticking with my 5 star rating.  The sandwich I had and the accompanying salad was awesome.  The sandwich had mozzarella, pesto, tomato and a few capers scattered throughout - it hit the spot!  There was so much flavor to the sandwich that I was a bit surprised because I typically can only taste the mozzarella and tomato with these type of sandwiches.  

The salad was no joke - I'm talking about a variety of fresh veggies, not just a whole bunch of leaves with a light sprinkle of vegetables.  From what I remember there were carrots, cucumbers, tomatoes, peppers, mushrooms, slivered almonds and awesome croutons (crispy and chewy) atop mixed greens with a light balsamic glaze.  

Everything tasted fresh and was made on the spot.  We were the only ones there for lunch that day so service was efficient but since the owner/chef is the only one running this place be patient if there's a crowd.  He's a one man show - chef, waiter and cashier!

Check this place out...now!笑
The absolute BEST gluten-free Angus burger in Pittsburgh. New Yorker new to Yelp. Go here if you have an appetite for an amazing burger.笑
It's not 5 stars because there are no vegan options. The chef did go out of his way to make me something yummy to eat though. Great gluten free options!笑
Absolutely fantastic. I was out of town for work and did not want to eat at the hotel or eat at a chain restaurant. Cafe chocolat was perfect for what I wanted! I ordered the wild mushroom pasta with a side salad. It was the perfect amount of pasta and the salad was beautiful and tasty all in one. The ambiance in the place is perfect for a quiet place where you can relax and get some work done or get quiet time. The service was also excellent. Highly recommend.笑
This was our first time here.  We will come back.  It was odd, the menu is limited to 2 entree items plus maybe a special per day (entrees are different depending on day of week).  We went on Wednesday and all 4 of us had the burger and 2 of us salad.  The Salad was super fresh and the burger was delicious.   I also got 2 macornes and they were decadent.  Service is not what one is a custom to, but the people make good food.  We will be back.笑
If you are gluten free, you must try Cafe Chocolade! You need to call ahead to order bread or pizza dough, or any cake or pie you want, but it is well worth the work! You cannot tell the difference between their Gfree items and non Gfree items, they are that good! There is so little for Gfree folks in this area, so the fact that this wonderful bakery exists out in the "airport area" is a small miracle! Yes, the prices are high, but that is reality. You pay for the fine ingredients and skill, and you get your monies worth!笑
I just had the best hearty salad with a freshly made ravioli stuffed with an amazing shrimp mixture.  There was this surprising heat to the sauce.  Jim said it was a chili pepper.  What an amazing lunch while I was out and about.笑
What a great surprise find! Yelp! Never disappoints us!  Right off the Steubenville Pike, cozy nooks to enjoy a meal or a luscious selection of GF baked goods - a selection of cupcakes, macaroons, quiche, fruit meringue and more! Also a selection of GF pastas and a delicious looking lunch menu add some specialty coffees as well as In house prepared sodas- wow!笑
Cafe Chocolade is hands down the best place to go ESPECIALLY if you have celiac or are gluten sensitive!! Everything he makes is homemade and delicious!  The salads are straight from his garden and you can tell in every bite and they even have gluten free croutons!! I had a salad and a delicious gluten free veggie pasta today for lunch and it was amazing!! The noodles are not only gluten free but handmade and better than any gluten free out of the box!  Oh and I had a gluten free soft pretzel ...yep and I'm not even kidding and they're delish!! You can't get that anywhere else!  And to finish off every awesome meal there is always a case full of amazing gluten free desserts.....literally gluten free heaven!! Even if you don't need to be gluten free everything is so good you wouldn't even know you were eating gluten free food!! So....if you are looking for something delicious and have celiac ...then you're always looking for something delicious....go to cafe chocolade!!笑
This little Cafe - Bakery is a hidden gem located in Robinson Township...just minutes from downtown Pittsburgh.  If you haven't tried it yet...put this place on your list.  You won't be disappointed.   My husband and I have eaten here numerous times and the food is simply delicious.  From Salmon entrees to Crab Cakes to Quiches...all made with the freshest ingredients and their side salad could be a meal itself.  Home grown produce...from their garden...you really can taste the difference.  Plus...their Baked breads, pies, cupcakes, biscotti are just so yummy.  They have a great variety of gluten free desserts too and my dogs love their home baked doggie bones.   I had walnut cookies from here last year that were to die for!  Treat yourself and go...you will be delighted!笑
I have never gotten something from here that I didn't LOVE!!!! My mom always brings something home from here for lunch and we always rave about it. Something as simple as a side salad is so fresh, hand made and tailored to be perfect. A cupcake isn't just a cupcake here- it's German chocolate or its hand made decorated chocolate peices, or its filled with fresh fruit... basically, anything simple at any other restaurant is ART at Cafe Chocolade. 

There are always 2 or 3 options for lunch, and I usually go on the website to check out what he is having! The owner is a world renowned chef and I cannot stress enough-EVERYTHING is carefully crafted and home made. It's not a fast food place and if the prices (still average) deter you, please understand how much work is put into something simple as his freshly daily baked bread. He is an artist. Side note- above the store is Anika's Spa. I always ask for gift cards for my birthday and have gotten massages there. Anika is his wife, and she is also a fabulous masseuse, manicurist, and more. I could rave for hours about these two places- you MUST check them out!!!