If you can make haggis tasty, you can damn well do just about anything! 

Located right beneath the Edinburgh Castle ramparts, right off of the esplanade, is Amber Restaurant and Whiskey Bar. A lot of people obviously come for the whiskey tasting and the "Scotch Whiskey Experience". Yes, they have 400 whiskeys and they do an exceptional job of matching whiskey with their epic cheese selection, but don't get so drunk you can't enjoy eating off their menu!  

Our starter was Four Scottish Cheeses from Iain Mellis (Edinburgh farmhouse and artisan cheesemonger) served with Amber Chutney. For the main course I had haggis with neeps and tatties in a whiskey sauce. Both were superb. 

I'm dropping a star merely on philosophy: They constantly change their menu.  I know you have to change things up, but I believe consistency helps. It sucks to come back and not have those wonderful things I had before.笑
Lovely food and unbelievable choice of whisky.笑
After spending the morning and early afternoon at Edinburgh Castle, we were ready to find someplace to eat. Saw the menu at the Whiskey Experience and decided to try the Amber Restaurant. Downstairs (but there is an elevator) to a pub/restaurant. Nice servers, well presented meal. Not necessarily a huge menu choice, but enough for everybody's taste. Food arrived pretty quickly (nicely presented) and was tasty. 
Must say however, for all restaurants in Scotland, getting more than one glass of cold water becomes a trial.笑
Kleines, aber feines Restaurant in den Gemäuern der Scotch Whisky Experience (SWE) mit ambitionierter Küche

Ich war hier im Rahmen der "Taste of Scotland" - Tour der SWE als Abschluß der Tour.

Ich wurde nach Betreten des Restaurants sofort freundlich begrüßt, platziert und nach eventuellen Allergien gefragt. Ausserdem wurde mir die Getränkekarte gereicht. Menüwahl war nicht möglich, da das Menü ja Bestandteil der Tour war und somit festgelegt.

Da ich im Rahmen der Tour schon 3 Whiskies getrunken habe (und ein 4. Whisky noch Menübestandteil war) habe ich aus der reichhaltigen Getränkeliste ein.... Leitungswasser bestellt ;)

Das Menü bestand mehr oder weniger aus einer Auswahl an typischen schottischen Gerichten, neu interpretiert, fein abgeschmeckt und äußerst schmackhaft. Was es alles war, kann ich gar nicht sagen, mein gälisch ist nicht besonders ausgereift. ;)

Der Service war sehr freundlich und immer in der Nähe, ohne dabei aufdringlich zu wirken. Außerdem wurde immer wieder nachgefragt, ob alles in Ordnung ist. Auch der Restaurantleiter hat sich nach dem Wohlergehen erkundigt.

Fazit: Wenn ich mal wieder in Edinburgh bin komme ich bestimmt auch ohne vorherige Tour mal wieder hier vorbei. Da kann ich dann die gesamte Leistung der Küche beurteilen.笑
Very chill spot off the royal, reasonably priced for the area. Food was delish, would definitely recommend the Haggis Neeps and Tattys for those trying Haggis for the first time. Had a wee glass of Auchentoshan 3 Wood to cap it off!笑
Great location right by the Edinburgh Castle. Mussels were excellent as was the smoked salmon sandwich. Service was very pleasant and helpful. Tried a soft drink known as  Scotland's other National drink, called Irn Bru ( a less sweet cream soda) carrot cake for dessert, although very dry on outside, I suspect first piece of the day so left uncovered overnight? Was still very tasty.笑
This place was awesome. Simple foods, nice wines, and beautifully decorated.笑
Amber, situated at the top of castlehill, beyond the witchery within the scotch whisky heritage centre. The nice ambient atmosphere with a great scottish menu, boasting the best of local produce. The restaurant is small yet ample in size to not feel crowded, as they only put tables for the number of diners booked each evening. 
In addition to the food, they have a fantastic array of whisky to tempt the tastebuds on a cold winter night and an expert on hand to guide you without making you feel daft for not knowing your regions. A first class place to dine.笑
354 Castlehill
The Royal Mile
Edinburgh EH1 2NE
tel : 0131 477 8477
fax: 0131 220 6288
http://www.amber-restaurant.co.uk
Reasonably priced Scottish cuisine at it's best. Friendly and helpful staff in a very comfortable environment. Has a great whiskey bar with tasting and knowledgeable staff. Also has a cosy café with light food and yummy cakes.笑
The steak and potatoes was wonderful!  Best meal we've had since arriving in Great Britain 2 weeks ago.笑
A very good place, best huggies ever :)
The whiskey bar is amazing as well - definitely see the whisky experience with its collection of 3k items shown -amazing

a bit crowded though, thats why the 4 stars.笑
Amber is quite literally a hidden gem in what is otherwise one of the busiest parts of Edinburgh, at the top of the Royal Mile and tucked away at the back of the Whisky Heritage Centre. You enter the Heritage Centre and descend the stairs at the rear to find Amber. It's more 'laid-back bistro' than posh restaurant, yet it is smart and has a relaxing ambience; a perfect combination if you enjoy good food, but not a formal atmosphere.


 Alongside the eating area is a cosy wee bar where they have a massive selection of whiskies for you to sample and, should you wish, be educated about. The bar is well stocked with non-whisky tipples too!


 Some of the food at Amber (unsurprisingly) has a whisky theme, though the whisky never overpowers the food where it has been used. Haggis and Vegetarian Haggis comes with a whisky cream sauce which is divine. The meals are very well prepared and attractively presented. Desserts are also very impressive and the wine list has been very well put together and isn't overpriced. It's possible to eat very well and very cheaply at lunchtime. A real treat! Highly recommended by locals!笑
Best meal I've had so far in Scotland.  

Was not expecting much since it was tied to the Whiskey Experience, but would go out of my way just to eat here again.笑
Amber Restaurant is bang in front of Edinburgh Castle at the very top of the Royal Mile, but its so well hidden that even some of the locals don't know its there! That doesn't mean its not very busy on any given day however. It draws in a certain amount of custom from visitors to the Scotch Whisky Experience and can be accessed via their reception area or a door at the rear of the attached Whisky Shop, then down the stairs. Its worth seeking out! 

Amber has something of a cafe vibe and you can head in there for just a scone and coffee or something more substantial, like a full lunch with a glass of wine, or maybe something from their very reasonably prices whisky list! They offer advice on matching whisky with food. Nice idea! There is also a whisky tasting lounge alongside and plenty of experts on hand to dispense knowledge.

I had a scrumptious lunch of vegetarian haggis with neeps and tatties nicely finished off with a whisky cream sauce - there's a bit of a whisky theme going on but its not in everything! Apparently the smoked haddock was a bit special too, but lacked my lovely sauce. Cheese and crackers seemed like a good idea to end the meal, so I ordered the clava brie with oatcakes and plum chutney. It was quite pungent for a brie but the chutney helped balance the strong flavours. We left full and happy. Would recommend Amber if you are in that part of town.笑
Dropped in for  a quick coffee break. The coffee was extremely mild, but tolerable enough to drink. Our waitress was absolutely lovely and the place was inviting and comfortable. 

I tasted Irn-Bru for the first time!!!! Unfortunately, it tasted like carbonated cane syrup and had a bright orange...radioactive orange colouring. : (笑
I booked a table for us at Amber Restaurant, thinking it would be a good place to eat after visiting the Scotch Whisky Experience. 

We showed up 30 minutes early to our reservation and the wait staff was very nice and let us wait in the bar before it was even open. The bartender recommended whiskey and lemonade for me, and it was a delicious combination. Our waiter was also very nice and attentive. 

The restaurant had the best bread ever! It was crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. I had the smoked salmon appetizer with the chicken stuffed with sage and brioche main course. Both were really good and very generous helpings.笑
Had lunch here with the ladies.   We each had a whiskey and a meal.  I don't remember the meal at all but the whiskey was smoky and a number 16.笑
Really cool place especially right after a tour.  You can sample a whiskey region you just learned about.  A little expensive, but good ambiance and the food was good.笑
Fun restaurant, good food, great staff. Very nice. My kids loved it. They had a great sea bass dish for kids. Pricing was very reasonable for the quality of the food.

Highly recommend the whiskey tour. Starts out a bit cheesy with a ride through the distillation process, but it gets better. Better description of the different whiskies than I have relieved before.  The whiskey collection was the best part of the tour. The gold tour comes with a good tasting at the end. 

If your interested in scotch, it's a great place to start笑
If you're a whiskey fan, this is your heaven. Period.

I didn't expect much from the place downstairs from the sort-of-gimmicky Scotch Whisky Experience, but Amber really delivers. Their scotch selection is nothing short of world-class, and their menu helps non-experts find true gems. I grinned like an idiot for the entire two hours I spent there. They recommended the Edradour Ibisco from a tiny distillery in Pitlochry, and it changed my life.

Just go. It's about as good as it gets on the Royal Mile.笑
Screaming kids, tourists, and small expensive portions. The food was delicious but you'll need a starter or sweet or you'll leave feeling rather empty. I was impressed that they do have real ales in bottles and of course the whiskey selection is hard to beat. I'm pretty sure you'll need a reservation around lunch or dinnertime.

I suggest you come for tapas with whiskey pairings instead of a full meal.笑
Excellent bar. All of the bartenders are very knowledgeable. Stuart was amazing. He had lots of good recommendations for different single malts. Had a very good whiskey selection. Over 300 single malts on display. We had already been to a couple of distilleries so skipped the scotch experience tour, happy we did that. Highly recommend sitting at the bar and learn about Scottish whiskey and have a few drinks.笑
Horrible service, tasteless food. We loved the tour, but we REALLY wish we didn't do this restaurant for the food. It killed a lot of time and the food was absolutely forgettable.笑
Unfortunately , we were very underwhelmed. The fish was bland and risotto undercooked. Best things of the evening were the baked goat cheese and drinks.笑
We ordered 4 main courses and 1 starter. All of them are good especially the steak & haggis.笑
We had the pleasure of dining at the amber before the tattoo. We booked the Amber package which included a 3 course per show dinner before the tattoo. For the starter, there was a smoked salmon pinwheel, beef carpaccio, haggis Bon Bon and goat cheese Wellington. All very good. In fact, I was quite surprised how much I enjoyed the haggis Bon Bon. The main was beef filet with mushroom sauce, purple carrots and potato cake. I was not as impressed with the main. The beef and potatoes seemed to be dried out by a heat lamp. The dessert was a whisky chocolate pot and cream cake served with a dram of 12 years old Deanston whisky. The whisky pot was delectable while the cream cake was unmemorable. Dinner was finished with local goat cheese on oat cake, coffee and Scottish fudge. Overall the meal was good. I am sure it could have been sensational if it were not served banquet style.笑
High reviews on Yelp and Trip Advisor? Near perfect ratings? Scottish TAPAS? Say what!?! 

I had high expectations coming into the Amber Restaurant, especially since I tried to make reservations over a week in advance and there was only a 5:30 time slot left. This led me to believe that Amber was the legit place in Edinburgh for whiskey tastings and traditional Scottish fare... Eh, it was okay. 

Imagine my surprise when we walked into a near empty restaurant on a Friday evening. Where were all of the diners? And whisky tasters? And workers? We stood awkwardly for a few minutes before being greeted. We were then led over to our table, nestled between the only three other occupied tables in the entire restaurant. And wouldn't you know it, all of the other diners were AMERICAN like us. Not another party walked into the restaurant the entire 2 hours we were there... on a Friday night ? What? Ugh, I felt like I had fallen for a tourist trap. 

Amber touts itself on whiskey tastings and having a whiskey experience... tell me why Amber only has a total of FOUR cocktails to choose from and no readily available cocktail menu? Our server had to go "hunt" down the menu and I was a bit perplexed when she brought me the plastic menu stand that sits on top of the bar. Also, for bragging that the restaurant carries hundreds of whiskies, tell me why out of all of the flights for my husband to choose from, the one he finally settles on they are "out" of one of the selections and had to substitute with something else... What. The. Heck?

The Food: It was okay. I honestly was not blown away. I was a  little leery to indulge in the traditional haggis, so the haggis bon bon under the tapas portion of the menu sounded like the safe route to go. It was surprisingly really good. Lamb stovies were okay-- the potato chunks were quite large and I was not expecting stringy lamb, but whatever. The barley side was also good, but a little too cheesy for my taste. I actually felt hungry a few hours later. Kind of made me feel like we wasted a lot of money on a dinner that left us unsatisfied, both in taste and portion (yes, I know tapas are small but we had the 5 tapas, 3 pots, and an entree-- dang!). 

Overall, the Amber Restaurant definitely fell short. It was not terrible, but definitely not amazing.笑
Came here for dinner. The whisky selection is robust which is probably expected since the restaurant sits below the Whisky experience. The staff though seemingly on the young side were great with suggestions for the whisky and I now like bowmore! The food was quite tasty kind of like tapas style and varied. A little bit of everything.笑
We had reservations for the "Taste of Scotland" dinner, which we tacked on to the end of the Whisky Experience Platinum Tour. They bundled everything - the tour and dinner - together into one ticket, which was nice.

After the experience tour was done, our guide escorted us down to the restaurant, where we had a bit of a wait while they had our table set to rights. The restaurant was pretty busy that night, which meant that it was kind of loud, especially right by the entrance, but they put us at a table kind of near the back, where it was quieter.

The tasting dinner consisted of a three course meal, with another sample of whisky at the end (in addition to the three samples we'd gotten on the tour). 

The first course was a starter, which contained a small pot of haggis, neeps and tatties, cheese on toast and some chicken liver pate. This was our first time sampling haggis (it was on our list, of course, but we hadn't had an opportunity prior to this), and though there may have been a bit of trepidation to start, we were game to try.

I think the stigma of haggis keeps most people away. That, and the way it's most often described. But, it was actually very good. It has a bit of a mealy, grainy texture, but it was meaty and filling. Definitely not something I'd want to eat every day, as it was also a bit fatty, but I quickly realized there was never anything to be scared of. 

The cheese and toast were very good - the cheese was herby, and it complimented the toast well. The pate was my least favorite on the dish - it had a very strong gizzard-like flavor that threw me.

The main course also consisted of three pieces: Scottish salmon over risotto, roasted lamb over tatties, and haggis-stuffed chicken over a sweet potato puree. Everything was tasty, but I think my favorite dish was the salmon over the risotto. The salmon was perfectly cooked, and surprised me by pairing well with the creamy risotto. The lamb was perfectly cooked. The haggis stuffing within the chicken breast made it fall apart when cutting into it, but that wasn't too much of an issue.

The dessert course was a chocolate hazelnut cake, which was paired with a Speyside whisky. Though the cake looked dense when it first got to us, it was actually very light - both in texture and in flavor. I love hazelnuts, so it was a perfect pairing for me, though it wasn't quite as nutty as I would have liked.

The service that night was decent - most of the staff was tied up with the large party I mentioned at the top of this review, so it took a bit of time for them to make their way to us. Everyone was friendly, at least, so that counts a lot.笑
When my wife booked this for my birthday, I brought out my "jump to conclusions" mat and figured this would be another expensive dinner in Edinburgh, 1) thanks to being in Edinburgh and 2) my belief that the Whisky Experience and Amber Restaurant were tourist traps.  However, I was pleasantly surprised and packed away my "jump to conclusions" mat for another time.

Drinks. The bartender couldn't have been a shade over 25, yet he had knowledge of whiskies beyond his years (and mine too).  I was interested in putting together a whisky sampler and sought his advice.  I told him the basics of what I was looking for and after a few more questions, he came back with four glasses of whisky (with the bottles), a glass of water, and a very detailed explanation as to the different whiskies, their regions, and what to look for.  It was a great addendum to the Whisky Experience tour.

Food. The food was excellent and was exactly what we were looking for to top off the Whisky Experience tour.  The Scottish tapas and fresh bread were a great start to the meal and were quickly followed up by our main course.  I went with the lamb pot with a side of roasted carrots; my wife had the same roasted pot with a side salad.  My two boys had bacon sandwiches, and after their food came, I wondered if I made a mistake and didn't get what they had! To top it off, the prices were very reasonable and nothing what I expected.  To break it down, here was our bill:

-2 kid bacon sandwiches
-order of bread and butter
-Scottish Tapas
-2 lamb pots
-side salad
-side of roasted carrots
-gin and tonic
-5 whiskies (1 x Drambuie 15 yr and 4 x hand selected whisky tasting selections)
-carafe of water

Our bill came to 64 pounds!  Now, after dropping 78 pounds at the Hard Rock Cafe and getting far less for my money, I was pleasantly surprised and was more than willing to spend the savings at the gift shop upstairs.  I'm pretty sure 6 x drinks at some other whisky bars in Edinburgh would probably set me back close to 60 pounds. 

Finally, the service was above reproach.  Very pleasant, very attentive, and very willing to say "I don't know, let me get the expert".  When I asked about the whisky sampler, our waitress went and brought the bartender over to help me out.  To me, that's a true sign of a knowledgeably, attentive, yet humble staff.  Highly highly highly recommend anyone who comes to Edinburgh, take one of your dinners here at the Amber Restaurant.笑
My husband and I completely lucked into discovering Amber; we spent more time than we'd planned to at Edinburgh Castle, and were starving when we left.  We immediately walked by Amber, thought the menu sounded interesting, and went in for a late lunch.

You wouldn't expect a restaurant in the Scotch Whisky Experience to be impressive, but this certainly is.  The room itself is beautiful and has a nice view out the windows.  Service is friendly and helpful.  My husband  had the lamb stovies and loved it.  I ordered the herb crusted coley, and it was one of the best things I've ever eaten.  The mussels and leeks were done perfectly, the dumplings were outstanding, and the sauce was to die for.

We liked the restaurant so much we came back the next day for the Platinum Tour (another future review) and the Taste of Scotland.  Again, this showed how amazing Scottish food really is-- who knew?  The tapas included a scallop, smoked salmon, and black pudding (two for three here, but that's a matter of personal taste) and for entrees we got duck, lamb, and the coley.  The duck was delicious and not at all greasy.  The lamb was so tender you could cut it with a fork, and came with surprisingly good haggis potatoes.  For dessert we had a toffee cake paired with a whisky, and it was absolutely amazing.  The servers can give helpful reccomendations about whisky (as well as other drinks), and there's even a whisky sommelier should you need truly expert advice.

Prices are really fairly reasonable, and the Platinum Tour/Taste of Scotland is really a steal considering how much comes with the tour.  Definitely somewhere you should go if you find yourself in Edinburgh.笑
Great food on both the lunchtime snackish menu & the more desciptive evening menu, also an extensive wine list. Got seated straight away although you can always take a seat in the bar while you wait. The staff are also very attentive & the service is quick.笑
We didn't do the Whiskey Experience because we heard it wasn't great and there was no way we were going to wait on the line, so we figured that going to the bar downstairs would be the next best thing. 

The bartender was very young but extremely knowledgable. He could tell you something about every bottle on the rack! He was also very nice and friendly, to boot. 

We moved to the restaurant after our drinks where I had the speck in a creamy sauce with potatoes and leeks. It. Was. Delicious. And for the price, it couldn't be beat. 

I'd definitely recommend going to Amber as an alternative to the WE, but also as an affordable lunch near the castle.笑
I enjoyed a great tasting dinner at Amber. Service was prompt and courteous and the ambiance of the restaurant was great. Location was adjacent to the castle and directly on the Royal Mile. The food was delicious and even though it was a tasting menu, there was plenty of it and I did not leave hungry. Everything prepared was fresh and beautifully presented. The whiskey, which was Aberfeldy 12 year was wonderful. There was time after the meal to shop in the gift store before walking to the Tattoo. It was a great way to kick off my Scotland adventure!