Came here by myself for happy hour since I am new to the area. Just what I've been looking for! The menu is confusing at first, it's not explained well. On the bar side it's totally divey vibe, they were playing kill bill two omg so obsessed! Thursday is $5 ramen night, vegetarian or beef, I got the beef it was so good. Then I got the yuzu box (aka bento box) the novelty of it is hysterical, adorable and delicious. They serve it with a cream ale "little kings". Their beer selection is so diverse, and their happy hour 4 to 6 is great. The moshi moshi mule is $3! Where do you ever see a Moscow mule type drink for $3?? I will be back here next week with my bf so he can experience the joy as well.笑
Super chill spot and a great addition to the neighborhood! We had the Korean beef bowl and fries which were both excellent and reasonably priced. They are open with a full kitchen till 2am which is great, since we both work late pretty frequently. Definitely will be back!笑
We were looking to eat dinner on a patio on a beautiful night and found this spot on Yelp! So happy we did!!!!  Loved this place!  We had the Thai fries (half order was plenty to share), they were the best fries I have ever had!  My husband had the Korean Beef Bowl and I had the Thai Beef bowl...both were excellent!  The bowls look small but they seemed bottomless, we brought both of our dinners home!  We will definitively be back!  We also had a dirty martini each...loved their drink names but were a little too sweet for our taste.  Our total bill was $37, couldn't believe it for all the food we had!  Excellent service as well!!!!笑
Food is awesome. Great drinks. And the staff is extremely welcoming! I will definitely be back.笑
I went to Yuzu for their Parks and Rec Trivia night and was blown away by the bar! The drinks have fun names ("Thrift Store") and novel concepts. There are happy hour specials every day. They also have any liquor you could want, if you don't want one on their menu.

The menu has a ton of yummy items and they come out fast! Prices are reasonable and the quality was great. I can't wait to go back soon!笑
Big problem. I've cooked Ohio City ramen a thousand times. They claim to use Ohio City ramen. What they sent out was a watered down broth with SPAGHETTI in it. 
When we asked the bartender about it, she tried to tell us it was Ohio City ramen. It was most certainly not.
If they ran out and had to make due with spaghetti, I get it. It sucks, but I get it. What I don't get, is that they tried to lie to me about it. 
I'm angry now. Headed to a restaurant that serves actual ramen.笑
Fantastic!! Who would suspect that this small local joint would be so good and delicious!
The atmosphere is laid back. The outdoor patio is awesome.  Nice view of the sky (sunset) and some trees for shading. Dogs welcome!!

The wait staff was very efficient and super nice.  Down to earth. Attentive. 

Our food was delicious.  Wasabi fires very tasty, not super hot - so don't be scared off.
Edamame beans?  I think that's what they were called. So very good and natural. Just the
right dusting of salt and spice. 
Skewered chicken and rice with roasted vegetables. Again, a wonderful blend of taste. 

I just stuck with the local beers.  But they had a list, I'll check out next time.  

Overall, it is not overly priced. Too many spots in Lakewood are getting hoyty-toyty and upper - crusted over. Know what I mean?  We just want a nice place to hang out with good food that isn't always typical bar food. And decent beer prices with a choice if we want something better than average. 

There was also a DJ. Not sure what type of music is usually played. But it was a little to hard for me - no metal please.笑
In all fairness, we haven't experienced Yuzu in its entirety  (ordered take-out) but the food was mediocre at best. Ordered 2 different bowls, the Korean Beef and Thai Beef and both were so-so.. Wouldn't order either of those again. And the portions are small... Get what ya pay for, I suppose. Will probably try Yuzu again & next time time dine in & try the drinks. Definitely wouldn't recommend take-out, though, at least not the bowls we ordered.笑
My husband wanted to try this so I went along.  First, the bar area really needs a good cleaning and a paint job, it's really dirty.  We sat at the bar and looking behind it at all the crap they had shoved in the shelves below made me wonder what the kitchen looked like. Also, I know they have items on the menu for dogs, but to be sitting inside and someone walks their dog through well to me that is not cool in a restaurant.

We ordered a beer and the bartender was doing double duty waiting on tables outside.  After about 15 they took our food order.  

The wait time wasn't horrible but it could of been better.  I had the Bourbon Chicken which was good and my husband had the Ramen something or other.  His looked like soup and had a skewer of beef.  I tried it and it was just OK.  He left hungry and we ordered a pizza on the way home.

I don't think we need to come back, it just wasn't that good.  I have to wonder if they will be around in another year.笑
We had a great experience at Yuzu! Drinks were good (ok maybe could have been a little colder, and we learned we had to have martinis in tumblers because they "only had one martini glass" -- but hey! they're just getting started). Food was really good -- the bowls tasted like homemade cooking--in a good way, meaning healthy, tasty, satisfying, and homey--but all with an inventive twist. I really appreciate having not one but two vegan options -- and they were very accommodating, even bringing out an extra side of fries when we realized the (delicious!) sauce on the fries might not be vegan. And speaking of the fries -- they were so good! VERY hot which is just how you want fries to come out. In terms of service, our server was so nice, the owner personally visited our table and delivered our food, and the back patio was spacious. And they allow dogs and have a dog menu. Looking forward to going back with my human and canine friends.笑
I'm giving 3 stars because my husband loves this place but I would give it 2. Reason is, I went on half price whiskey night and they charged me full price. When I mentioned it to the bartender that I was overcharged, her response was "that sucks" and that was it.... so yeah, I'm holding a grudge. But their bowls are alright.笑
This place is great! Went for dinner Friday night with my husband. The staff was super friendly and attentive. The drink menu is hilarious. I got the Blueberry Yum Yum & my husband got the "Thrift Store" - a bottle of beer served in a brown bag with a shot of the bartender's choice. The whole experience was fun. As we were waiting for our food we played checkers (they have a corner with a bunch of board games). We started with the edamame which was BOMB. Not that edamame is hard to mess up but it had this amazing seasoning on it. Then we both got the chicken tandoori skewers which were incredible. The dipping sauce was great. For entrée I got the vegetable ramen and he got the chicken rice bowl. The ramen noodles were some of the best I've ever had. I ended up actually having to share my bowl with my husband he loved them so much. I liked his chicken bowl but he wasn't a big fan because he said the chicken was too chewy (I thought it was fine). We finished off with a glass of sake!!笑
The Korean beef bowl was fantastic. I recommend upgrading to the fried rice. I ordered the chicken thigh skewer. The chicken was moist and tender. The prices are very reasonable so it was fun to try different combinations. Kelly the bartender was very helpful and funny. Overall great experience.笑
Yuzu has been on my list for a couple months now and I got really excited when I saw a Groupon for a 3 course  meal!  First off, I really wanted to like the place.  I love the concept and I was expecting to be wowed by my experience.  However, I was really underwhelmed.  We started off with the Yuzu fries which were actually really yummy-the wasabi sauce on top was the shining star.  For our second course, we were able to order two items from their Yakitori menu.  We went with the Top Sirloin Tips and Tandoori Chicken.  The meats were cooked well, but the vegetables it came with seemed like an afterthought and was just thrown there to fill up space.  The sauces they came with were ok, but we preferred to eat our meats without the sauce.  Third course, we chose 2 Bowls- Korean Beef & Little India.  The beef in the Korean Bowl was really tasty, however it could use more ingredients.  It was literally just rice, beef, sriracha and a scattering of green onions- maybe an addition of carrots, bean sprouts and spinach would be nice with some gochujang sauce.  Little India was just bland.  All the ingredients seemed to be mashed together and it just looked so sad.  I really appreciated the effort on doing something new in the area and service was friendly.  I'll definitely come back for cocktails and yuzu fries!笑
First time trying out Yuzu I would probably say our experience was OK. When walking in the dining room it  was full and so was the bar besides two seats. The menu had alot of interesting drinks and creative names. Will have to try the next time if i come back! As for the food my boyfriend and I were not too impressed. We tried a few different types of skewers. ( Chicken/Fried chicken/and some other one i forgot) plus the yuzu fries.The skewers were honestly nothing crazy and Im pretty sure we finished them in less than 5 mins they were pretty small. They werent expensive just not filling at all. So i guess they are good for a snack?  The yuzu fries on the other hand, I would come back for. The sauce on them was sooooo good. I was expecting a little bit more out of this place but maybe I will just have to give it another chance one day.笑
I dunno what these other people were complaining about. Probably just special oittle snowflakes. Service good. Ramen good. Skewers good. Beer cold. No complaints. Nailed it. Quick service too. Don't change a thing yuzu笑
FINALLY a place that isn't dedicated to sports. Yuzu has a unique atmosphere with a creative cocktail and food menu.  Teriyaki tuesdays are my favorite, the Yuzu fries are delicious.  They have a great selection of beers.  Prices are great. I cannot wait to try the Charlie Kelly cocktail next.笑
Matt is awesome 

Great deals, food and incredible happy hour specials. 

Try the thriftstore.笑
What I think about yuzu is what you think about when you hear Blink 182s What's my age again.笑
Went for The first time and our main dishes were way too salty.  Service was lack luster and the wine we wanted to order was out of stock.笑
This has to be my favorite spot in Lakewood.  Where else can you get shots that come with a toy?  In all seriousness, Yuzu is a really cool spot where you can get small plates and good drinks with even better service.  The butabara skewers and carnivore ramen are where it's at.  All the drinks have funny names and are tasty.  Feliz Cajita's are amazing and the Resting Bitch Face are some of my favorite drinks.

Next is the service.  I have never, ever had bad service here.  All of the bartenders are absolutely amazing.  Kelly, Saad and Cass are some of my favorites.  I've read poor reviews and these are people that are coming on their busiest event nights.  Give them a minute and they'll get right to you and your drink will be great, I promise.笑
Despite the categorization, I don't really consider Yuzu to be an izakaya. An izakaya isn't merely a bar serving Japanese food, as there are many bars in Japan that serve food and aren't considered izakayas. An izakaya is more akin to a Japanese TAPAS bar, which has a wide variety of appetizers and small bites to choose from. Yuzu has a small sampling of appetizers, but the menu items are mostly standard and so I'd consider it more just an Asian fusion bar.

The atmosphere was nice, and the staff were very friendly and accommodating. The food was ok - my friend got the Korean beef rice bowl, which the menu admits to using "cheater" bulgogi. The beef was ground up, whereas bulgogi is more in thin slices. The flavor was not too bad, though it was the type of dish I could get at almost any restaurant. 

I personally got the ahi tuna poke, because poke has been on the rise in the States and I have been trying to sample poke everywhere. While the colors and presentation were solid, the flavor was not to par. The tuna was very tough to chew and did not taste particularly fresh. When I have poke, I typically anticipate that the tuna has been marinated in various sauces for a fairly long time, but this dish tasted like the sauce was recently added on. I also felt like there was not enough sauce in general. Additionally, the mangoes and avocado seemed to stand in contrast to the fish rather than complement it.

I do enjoy the atmosphere at Yuzu, and the staff were extraordinarily friendly. However, I think the food could use some work in terms of flavor.笑
I would like to give this place more stars... The ambiance was cool, the food was good, and the people seemed friendly. However, they don't have any vegan options (unless you talk directly to the chef and she lets you read the ingredients on the sauces and severely customizes your order). In 2016, in Lakewood nonetheless, not providing vegan options is a very poor business decision.笑
This place opened up with a creative and diverse food and cocktail menu, and has consistently added awesome new items to the menu! I love Thursdays at Yuzu, half off tequila shot/cocktails! The tandoori chicken is a must try, as is the Korean beef bowl. The staff is amazing here as well :) always a friendly, fun bartender serving up pure genius drinks! There is also a quieter dining area for those looking for a more family oriented or intimate dining experience! Definitely check this place out!笑
I am from California and each time I come to Ohio to visit family and friends, we HAVE to make a stop at Yuzu!! The vibe is so great and the food is amazing!!  We love the extensive beer options and unique descriptions, they always make me laugh out loud :)  The service is always above and beyond and the food is affordable and never disappoints!  The rice bowls are my favorite! I love sitting on the patio and especially love that it is dog friendly and our pups have their own menu! Dog Beer?  Yes!! :)  
If you are ever in the Lakewood area, make sure to try this awesome new spot, you will not be disappointed!笑
Maybe I had such a good time because, I shit you not, someone dressed as Godzilla showed up and handed out free drinks so keep that in mind.

The place has an awesome cocktail list and a super cool shot list. And not like pineapple upside down shots. Interesting shots that come in pairs or trios with a chaser and interesting flavor combination. It's impossible to go and not order one. I had one that was tobacco whiskey chased with hazelnut cold press coffee. It was strong but delicious. Definitely recommend an evening on the patio.笑
It took us 15 minutes to get a drink & there were so many flies above the liquor bottles... the  second drink I got was so bad I could not drink it. But I guess I should have known because they misspelled the name on the menu--and not in a funny ironic way. The food was just all wrong. It felt like they just drowned everything in sweet sauces to mask the quality of the food.笑
This place is rad. Great drinks, staff and food. Almost tapas but Japanese/Thai. Inexpensive and creative. Love it.笑
I'll definitely try this place again, but it's also definitely not what I expected.

The atmosphere is fun (punny cocktail names galor) but also a little strange. Despite being very obviously Japanese-inspired (decor, origami instructions on the coasters, descriptions of Japanese terms on the menu), the staff responded as if offended when my friend asked for chopsticks with her teriyaki rice bowl. 

My yakitori was tasty, but despite getting two different skewers, they tasted very much the same. So much so I'm a little convinced that they mis-made my order. I was also missing any hint of potato with my fried chicken skewer (a misnomer, since both of my skewers where fried chicken), despite it being in the description. My vegetable skewer (which was actually still chicken?) came with the same small side of veggies as the fried chicken skewer.

The portions are also extremely small. Despite spending over $7 on my 2 skewers, I left Yuzu pretty hungry.笑
Ordered this tonight through Uber eats. I am truly disappointed in just about every aspect. The food came packaged terribly. The skewered meats were falling out of the flimsy styrofoam tray. Our rice bowls were so small I was surprised especially for the 8.50 price tag. The rice in each bowl was not cooked through. The sauce to rice ratio was insane,2 tbsp of rice drenched in sauce. I will say the flavor of our meat skewers was very good. I truly do hate to leave bad reviews but this one was a must for me.笑
I decided to try Yuzu for the first time today based on some of the nice reviews I saw on yelp. Maybe if I ordered something else things might have been different. The Korean beef rice bowl i ordered was not something i would feed to any human being. It was like the chef poured an entire jar of salt in the food.笑
Had a quick stop with friends here as it was a Beer and wine tasting night.  I loved the Cranberry Beer and the Kings Cream Ale.  For 6 bucks I got  Panko crusted fries with chives and cucumber sauce.  Also a skewer of chicken and the beer!  My friend had a rice bowl with mango, avocado, black beans and corn in a light cucumber sauce.  Free appetiser was endamine-soybean pod with cinnamon and paprika.  Not too bad but was in the pod and the of was too chewy but the bean was great!  Not too bad for 6 bucks!  Rice bowls are 7 .笑
I had been looking at the Yuzu menu for some time, pulled in by rice bowls, Pan-Asian food, fun kids menu and awesome prices. I ended up ordering delivery through UberEats. First, it was quick. Took about 30-35 minutes, which is less than most pizza delivery. I ordered a Korean bulgogi bowl, Thai steak bowl, the Yuzu fries and a child's chicken teriyaki and pb&j skewer. My Thai bowl was REALLY good. There was a sufficient kick from the fresh ginger (but I'm a wimp when it comes to spice). I also tasted my husband's Korean bowl. It was really good, but, it didn't taste like any bulgogi I've ever had. Again, however, it was so good that I'd order it again. I tasted my kids' chicken teriyaki and I appreciated that it tasted like -real- chicken teriyaki. My kids generally eat kid sized portions of adult food so I love places that offer that. The prices are super reasonable. At first glance, the portion was small but I was satiated. I'll definitely return.笑
This bar is such a cool space! We're so happy it took the place of Bonnie & Clyde's--which was smelly, dark, and overall not a place I ever wanted to be unless I was inebriated already. But Yuzu is a completely different vibe. 

Lots of seating, both bar space and a dining room, nice lighting (not too dark), and the music was at the perfect volume (perfect for having conversations without having to yell). Basically, it's a great place to come have a few drinks and sit and talk with friends. Definitely not the kind of bar to get wasted at (checkout the bar next door for that).  

As for the drinks, Yuzu really gets it right! The cocktail menu is extensive and we had a really hard time deciding what to try. We ended up going with 3 am Snap Stories, Florida Georgia Lime, and Gojira. Totally recommend all of them, but my favorite was 3 am Snap Stories. It's a tropical drink and perfect for summer. Everything was priced really well, not too expensive for craft cocktails. 

Didn't try any food but we plan to go back and change that. Someone next to us got the fries which looked and smelled so good. And everything else we saw coming out of the kitchen looked and smelled good as well. 

The bar staff was really friendly and very attentive. They were really helpful when we had questions about the drinks. Our favorite bartender from B&C's was there serving too, which was cool. 

If you're looking for a place in Lakewood to have some good food, drinks, and chill with friends then definitely check out Yuzu!笑
Tried for the first time this past Wednesday. I wanted to treat myself to their fried cauliflower. I placed my order for pick up. Staff and patrons were friendly. When I got home and opened the order they had given me chicken instead of cauliflower. I called back and they were more than happy to fix the issue. I went back and the remake was wonderful. Four out of five because we didn't get it first time, but immediately and properly fixed the situation.笑
Went here last night, had a good time, sat in the patio. Tried the chicken teriyaki - half off on Tuesdays - pretty good. I also tried yuzu fries with a wasabi sauce, which was delicious. There is a fairly lengthy beer menu, didn't see any japanese beers, which was surprising, maybe those are normally on tap (tap was being repaired). I tried a blood orange IPA bottle, really good. Also tried the Gojira cocktail - loved it! Very strong, definitely recommend. 

Drinks and food are not expensive at all - good value. 

Nice staff, our waitress was very friendly and made an effort to check on us often. Will be back next time with my doggie - they allow dogs on patio!!!笑
Over priced, tiny portions, food was disgusting and made my girlfriend and i sick. I've never gone out of my way to review a restaurant. Just hope to prevent anybody from wasting their money in this place.笑
Yuzu is sort of an Asian-themed dive bar. The cocktails and shot combos are pretty out there in terms of ingredients and flavor combinations (cinnamon and tomato water!?) but somehow they work. Not what I'd normally be looking for but interesting / fun to try. Order an amaretto sour made with their house "triple citrus yuzu juice" instead of sour mix, it's pretty delish (they should definitely add that to the menu). If all of this sounds good to you and you're not really interested in ordering food, stop reading now and go have a solid evening of drinks at a quirky, fun twist on a local dive.

The food at Yuzu is just terrible. Rice bowls, skewers, and appetizers are all on the small size for the price - $6 for fries, $3 for a skewer with three tiny chunks of chicken on it, etc. The bigger problem is that the food just doesn't taste good. The rice has been gummy - almost to a paste-like consistency - on all three occasions we've tried it. The "cheater" bulgogi bowl seemed to just be ground beef cooked with soy sauce, and the chicken teriyaki (the "food court favorite") was a meager handful of chicken pieces tossed in a sauce that can only have been made by boiling pure soy sauce down until it's thick enough to coat the chicken as a glaze - it was WAY too salty to eat. It would be way better (i.e. edible) if they just used an industrial-sized jug of foodservice teriyaki sauce. The mall food court is much better sadly, and you get much more for your money.

I really wish the food was even remotely decent, because their concept is fun and unique, and I think I could otherwise have make it a regular late-night haunt.笑
4/5 for creativity. 5/5 for price point. 2.5/5 for execution.

I love the tapas idea and they price the items accordingly. I got the bento box with fried cauliflower and veggie ramen. Bento box came out in a Styrofoam take out container which I thought was a bit odd. The "dessert" was chocolate chips, in a little plastic sauce container, also odd. Overall not bad, the Wasabi aoli was pretty good.

The ramen, overall, was pretty good. This actually came in a real bowl, but the bowl was pretty small. Would have been nice to have more soup, I mean that's the point of ramen right?? The noodles themselves were pretty reasonable cooked although not perfect. The flavor was pretty damn good, though beans in ramen was a little odd. 

My friend got one of the rice bowls, which was pretty good, although it did have a sort of odd flavor or spice to it.

The drinks were delicious though! Only good things to say there.

So I'll definitely be back, but won't hold my expectations very high. From reading other reviews, seems like the quality can be inconsistent. Not sure what's happening in their kitchen, but if they can get their consistency better then it has the potential to be great.笑
Delicious, creative, refreshing. The bowls are just the perfect amount where you can still enjoy a few cocktails as well.笑
Dont show up hungry or youre leaving broke....and quite possibly still hungry! The food and drink list (especially the beer list) was very good! But if youre here for a meal, consider your other options!笑
I had never been to Yuzu before. I was so pleased with the food that I know that I will become a regular customer.

My friend took me to dinner for my birthday at Yuzu. We were cheerfully greeted when we walked in. Having never been there, we were impressed with the inviting atmosphere.

The menu had many interesting choices. The food was outstanding. I had a beef rice bowl. The meat was tender, juicy and spiced just right.  The portion was generous for the price.  Instead of having a cocktail, we each had sake. The glasses of sake were larger than I expected (darn). 

If you want a nice evening out, Yuzu is a wonderful choice.笑
I came here late on a Friday night with a friend and was able to get a table quickly. A late kitchen for other industry workers is always a huge plus. The bar was busy, but my friend and I opted for a table, instead. A server came over right away to give us water and to greet us, but to also let us know that any orders we make, had to be made through the bar, which was fine and we understood because my friend and I are both servers and bartenders. We did not try any of the beers or cocktails.

My friend ordered the pork belly skewers, which he thought were great, and he also ordered ramen as an entree, which he told me was just okay. 

Having moved to Cleveland from Florida, I was very excited to see ceviche bowls offered on the menu for the spring and summer. I ordered the California ceviche bowl, which comes with white rice, avocado, scallions, tilapia, corn, and tomato salsa. I knew I was ordering cold fish and salsa with warm rice, but it just didn't meld well as expected and like other hot/cold combinations I had tried in the past. The rice seemed to have been sitting out for a while because it seemed to have gotten hard and crunchy. I didn't taste anything really stereotypically "ceviche" about the fish... no taste of lime or any citrus or any use of peppers, but I'll give it a pass because I still thought it tasted okay. 

What I had the biggest issue with, however, was the tomato salsa they used. It straight up tasted like marinara sauce poured over rice. I get that it was not listed as a spicy dish, but even a mild salsa has more taste than a standard marinara sauce. I looked longingly at the sriracha on the table and thought this dish would have tasted so much better omitting the tomato salsa and replacing it with sriracha, but alas, the damage was done.  

Overall, I'd come back to this place for the cocktails and to enjoy the very awesome atmosphere at the bar, but I don't think I'll be trying their food again.笑
The fries were great. Out of the way.

The ramen (herbivore ramen) was bland. I requested no egg and they included it anyway. I don't think they put nearly enough flavor in the ramen. I wouldn't buy most of their food again outside of the fries, especially since they failed to not put the egg in which ruined the meal.

If I got this ramen in the restaurant and not delivered I would have sent it back. I don't want to eat it because it's so bland. Don't get the ramen. Just get the fries.笑
Nice drink list.  Food is really good and super affordable.  Definitely will be back!笑
Great food, fun drink list. Would recommend and plan to make many more visits to the secret patio land!笑
I went there for dinner on a Friday night and was able to quickly grab a table, despite the bar area being packed. The vibe was very chill and the drinks were VERY stiff--you know, the one and done kind of drink. It took the server a while to get to my table, but I wasn't in a hurry. 

After placing our order, the drinks and appetizer (yuzu fries!) came quickly. The entrees (vegan Buddha bowl, Bourbon chicken bowl) came out about halfway through the appetizer; perfect timing imho. Our server was pleasant and attentive, yet not over the top. 

One thing I think would make this place a little better, is if tofu/seitan/tempeh was available as a protein for vegan/vegetarian dishes. But overall, this place was great!

So, if you are into late 90s-early 2000s punk music and yummy rice bowls, this is the place for you.笑
We came here with a Groupon. The vibe was very chill and seems like an ok place to hang out. However the food wasn't good. The fries were the best part. If you stick to Fries and Drinks you will be fine. But the Groupon isn't worth it. Nor is paying full price for the other dishes.笑
This place is awesome! I went there twice in the span of 3 days and was not disappointed. The portions are manageable and reasonably-priced, and they have options for all dietary needs, along with phenomenal cocktails. Their menu is quirky and you can't necessarily pinpoint what kind of cuisine it is, but that's what makes it so interesting! The only quip I'd have is that they seem under-staffed, albeit with extremely friendly waiters/waitresses. I went there along with a group of 15, when they only had 2 servers, and they still took care of us in a kind and methodical fashion.笑
What a gem this place is!  There is not a single bad choice on the menu, between the interesting cocktails, skewered meats, and rice bowls, everything we tried was quite honestly fantastic!  Not only that, but the waitstaff was so friendly and welcoming.  They wanted us to know we could bring our dog (if we had one) to hang out on their outdoor patio.  They even had a dog menu that included a dog bone flight.  Adorable!  Make a date to stop in here, for sure.笑
Exotic-sounding name -- Check
Cuisine-specific buzzwords like "panko" and "omakase" -- Check
Paper lamp decor -- Check
Anything even remotely resembling a bowl of ramen -- No. HELL no.

Asked for their namesake sake/nihonshu but they were all out of it.

Was excited to try some newly introduced Cleveland-area ramen, but the Herbivore "ramen" was a horrifying $7 joke of a meal. A clump of something-noodles in a cereal bowl of pure Kikkoman soy sauce and 5 chunks of assorted mixed vegetables? Who are you kidding, Yuzu?  Really the only palatable item in the swirling salty miasma of darkness was the soft boiled egg. One star for the really pleasant and attentive server and creative drink menu.笑
Atmosphere feels very Asian and they play iconic Asian films, the beer menu is so fantastic offering such a massive variety of hard to find craft beers. The prices are very good and portion sizes are smaller but filling for sure. This place has board games and a fun menu for cocktails and offers a pet friendly environment, great place to eat.笑
Ate there for the first time on Friday. Really enjoyed the place, service and food. The cocktails are exotic and a variety that I haven't seen in other places. The skewers and bowls range from savory to sweet. I had the chicken skewers, Yuzu fries and beef bowl. All A+

The size and price of the food is like tapas. Two or three skewers, bowl and app make a great meal. Some "tapas" restaurants have huge portions and steep prices - yuzu's are just right . Here the orders are perfect to share a few bites. 

Even though it is a new restaurant the service and flow were excellent. All the service staff were friendly and welcoming.

Now for another secret if you've made it this far in the review. The backyard patio is a secluded hideaway. Maybe six tables surrounded by a high fence and pine trees. Lakewood doesn't have enough outdoor dining options and Yuzu has one of the best.笑
Stopped in on a Saturday night early. Service was great. However, food was something other than crave-able upon leaving. Had the chicken skewer which was just that, chicken on a stick. Not too bad. The real disappointment was the chicken teriyaki bowl. The sauce was so salty you made that "face" when taking a bite. So so so over powerful. Salt doesn't bother me but this was drastic overkill. I tried to mix in the rice to dilute anything I could but I really couldn't. Both me and my girlfriend left half our bowls. I would go back and try something different but not anytime soon.笑
It has definitely been quite a while since I have last been here and I have to say, it was not what I expected. 

I remember coming here and being greeted warmly by the staff. However, this time was different. I sat at the bar as I usually do and was given a menu and water right away. When the bartender/server came over to me, I wasn't quite ready with my food order. I ordered a drink and app in the meantime. It was the birthday shots and carrot parsnips fries. After getting my drink, she left to attend another patron. 

This is when the visit started going downhill. The bartender/server came by about every 5 min to ask if I wanted to put an order in and as soon as I could answer, she would be gone. Now, I have been a server/bartender and even on the busiest of nights I, at least, attended to my tables that haven't ordered yet! Still haven't received my app. Finally get to order because the same guy who got me water and a menu thought I looked like I needed help. Fast forward to when the food comes out. It's lukewarm and the rice in the rice bowl I ordered was literally crunchy. The pork belly skewer deserves 5 stars and is the only part of my visit that reminded me of what I loved about this place. 

I used to love this place. Grilled meat on a stick with fantastic cocktails, fabulous beer list, and service staff with personality! What's not to love? But unfortunately, it seems that things have changed. I'm seriously debating coming back, but the pork belly skewer is calling my name.笑
We went here a few weeks ago, I was pretty excited.  If I could give 3.5 stars/borderline 3.25, I would. I wanted to love this place.  The drinks are awesome. We will definitely come back for drinks! The food and service was just lackluster. The avocado bowl was primarily rice which had little to no flavor. The vegetable skewers were very tasty, the potato being the best part. We sat at the bar, and we were 2 of 4 people in the restaurant at that day but the server did not seem to want to really be there-which I understand, we've all had our off days but with the restaurant still being new, some friendliness and a smile would have gone a long way for sure.  Well will go back because like I said, the drinks are awesome bit I'm hoping they can fine tune the food menu, add a few more vegetarian choices and some more flavor and maybe have some happy shiny faces :)笑
I really wanted to enjoy this place. The idea is fantastic, the menu sounded awesome, the reviews were in general great. After a failed attempt at getting into Barroco, I remembered that I had seen great reviews for this place online and convinced my friends to give it a try.

We get in and the atmosphere was nice. It seemed laid-back, the waitresses and bartender were extremely nice and provided great service, and the seating area was well.. Ehh.. I don't know. Let me just say a little about the food.

I got a Korean Beef Bowl. I've had Korean beef from a Korean family. What I ate was not a Korean Beef Bowl. It was ground beef, sriracha, and rice. I'll give it to 'em though-- the rice was cooked well, and the beef had a good spice to it. It wasn't terrible, just not as flavorful as I had anticipated.. I enjoy rice.. I enjoy beef.. I enjoy Sriracha.. But I don't know.. It just wasn't quite up to par with anything I've had elsewhere. I also had a mixed drink.. It wasn't special, but it was good enough to get a buzz going. I again expected more flavor than was present. 

My friend got the Moroccan bowl.. It was rice, egg, some avocado, and a canned Mexican red salsa? He claims there was nothing Moroccan about it.. I'll take his word on it.

Now for the grand finale: my last friend got the Beef Ramen... Yeah... Ramen.. We immediately suspected that something had gone awry when they brought out a very tiny bowl.. Too tiny to house the typical ratio of broth to noodle that one would expect from a ramen dish. The beef was.. Well.. The same ground beef that was in my Korean beef bowl. The noodles.. Let's be honest, this was pretty much noodles with broth as an afterthought. 
I remember the look on his face when he took the first bite.. He looked like he was in pain. I had asked him if it was all right and he didn't even bother trying to lie. When he had finally given up and pushed the bowl to the side, I decided to try my mouth at this dish to see if it was as bad as he claimed.. It tasted like gravy with a consistency to match. The noodles were not fully cooked, but were mushy on the outside, almost as if they had been left sitting in cold water all night.. Fortunately the drink had put me in a good mood so we all got a nice laugh out of it.

My final verdict: 
Idea: 10/10
Execution: 4/10

The dishes are all great in theory, but the flavors need reworked. Definitely not too happy about the money that was spent. Sorry guys.笑
Creative drinks that make you feel like a kid with a license to drink. You definitely get a local vibe here. We loved the Thai beef bowl and the Yuzu fries.  Also, bonus they offer cauliflower rice! The prices are great and the staff super laid back and friendly. 4 stars because we sat on the patio and it needs a little work, especially lighting and seating. It's new so I'm sure they will get there. We will definitely be back!笑
Great waitress!

So wanted this to be great because I love the concept!  Tried both fries - undercooked and bland. Without the sauce they would go in the bin. Pork belly undercooked - fat needs to render a bit, tough. Had both fried and basic chicken. Okay, a little tough.  Sauces were okay, only redeeming quality. 

Edamame was excellent!

Loved my cocktail - version of a martini. 

Empty dining room didn't do much for ambiance but Jenga and decor was fun!笑
Terrible service. I ordered chicken teriyaki and fries that I wanted as an appetizer. The fries were forgotten and never brought out. The chicken was rubbery and the rice was too chewy I will never spend my money here ag笑
Yuzu is definitely a bar with a personality. They are constantly putting on different events with different themes. They even have dinners that you can bring your dog to and they bring your furry friend their own doggy meal. Their drinks all have clever names and they have shot and beer combos for when you're feeling adventurous. When it comes to the food, you just can't beat their delicious bowls. I have also tried the yuzu fries, which were definitely not what I expected, but so delicious. The patio is small, but a nice place to sit when the weather is nice enough. They also have a nice selection of board games if you need a little something different to spice up your night! My one complaint is that whenever I've visited, the music has been almost alarmingly loud. Overall, it's definitely a great place to try when you're looking for something a little out of the or笑
Oh I really , really like this place.  This is the type of place you show up in Elvis sun glasses, and fake moustaches and people love it.笑
I recently came here on a frigid weekday evening around 9pm.  I must say that Yuzu was a wonderful, warm reprieve from the blustery night.
The bar was fairly crowded so my friend and I grabbed a seat in the dining space where there was ample seating.  First and foremost, the beer and cocktail menu is not only beautifully curated, but hilarious and witty with on-trend references like the 3am Snap Story cocktail.  I had a Platform Xmas ale which was one of the best Christmas ales I've tried.  

 As far as the food goes... I was able to try the food at a previous Yelp event and I'm drooling over the fries right now. They offer tasty, unique bites that they serve until late which is a nice option over the usual 24-hour diner fare.  Staff is friendly and accommodating. 
Additionally, they are always hosting clever events like The Oregon Trail bar crawl.

While I was there, some guy at the bar bought the whole house of 20+ people a round of shots. That's the kind of place Yuzu is.  
It's warm, it's friendly, it's unpretentious.  It's your new Cheers. 
Grab a friend and go here for a great beer or cocktail, conversation and some tasty late night bites. You won't be disappointed.笑
Everything I read about the atmosphere of Yuzu seems appealing to me. Unfortunately, tonight I chose delivery and ordered the Carnivore Ramen. When it was delivered, everything was there, but the contents were far below what I expected in quality. The noodles definitely did not appear the Ohio City Ramen that was promised on the menu, but appeared to be just grocery store spaghetti. All of this aside, the ramen was still poorer quality than I would have expected. The flavor and the contents were nothing special, and this will not jump to mind as a place to go for ramen in the future. Portion was a lot smaller than I would have imagined for the price.

I'll probably give this place another chance when I have the time to go in person, but first impressions do not have me excited to return for the food.笑
I absolutely love Yuzu.

Anymore, its so hard to find a place that oozes personality and character. I still standby my previous review-- the food is awesome and I love the skewers. Also, they have one of the most pun-y and fantastic drink menus ever (the 3am Snap Story, #basicbitch Iced Coffee, Straight Outta Pinterest... to name a few).

Now that i've had a chance to experience Yuzu more often, I adore it. Portlandia Patio Party? Crazy Cat Lady night? 90's Girls Only Sleepover Party? Yuzu infuses the fun back into the neighborhood with their hilarious and original events. Not to mention, the staff at Yuzu are just totally lovely people. They care about your experience and are dedicated to the neighborhood in an incredibly authentic way. I just love to give a giant, virtual high five to anyone creative enough to program a restaurant with such awesome, fun things to do year-round, while also having great service and unique food.笑
So happy I could bring my dog here. Great food that's very inexpensive and great cocktails. They brought water out for my dog right away, such good service. It was nice for my boyfriend and I to eat our meals while the dog had something to eat too.