**Personal Experience:  I went there today (a Friday @ 6pm) and it was relatively empty.
We were seated in a section with a huuuuuge table set up for a party.
The entire restaurant was open (in terms of table availability).
They then sat this huuuge party right next to us and considering we could have had a significantly nicer/quieter dining experience, it could have been better.
Why would they seat us next to a huge party when there were other tables open?
Seemed like someone didn't think that through....
It was too "busy" in our little room of the restaurant to enjoy it.
We just wanted to finish up and get outa there    :(

Overall:
Nice looking little place with a cozy atmosphere (on a normal day) and very reasonable prices!

PROS:
Reasonable Pricing;
Good food, but not awesome (it is what it is-another Italian joint in Pittsburgh);
Outdoor dining

CONS:
Service was only so-so;
Parking stinks (bc it's at the mall, which is always busy)笑
Went here for dinner, first time.
Courteous, fast service, streamlined menu with some interesting variety.
The Eggplant Parmesan was definitely among the best I have ever tasted.
The bread is fresh, made with a good blend of herbs and served with a (so-so) dipping oil.
The freshly brewed unsweetened iced tea is delicious.

Well worth a try, the bar has good happy hour specials too.笑
Fantastic Italian!

They offer pizza, seafood, salads, sandwiches, pasta, steak, burgers and much more. We went on a Wednesday which is Family Night. All family sized portions are half off.

We were greeted and promptly seated. Our server Shannon was great. We started off with delicious bread with oil and herbs and all had Italian Vanilla Sodas with cream on top. MUST TRY!

Next we had the Combination Italian Nachos as a appetizer (chicken and sausage topped with crispy wonton chips, black olives, pepperoncinis, roma tomatoes, jalapeños, alfredo, mozzarella and parmesan cheeses.) MUST TRY #2

Then I had Italian Chili and the wife had a salad.

Finally we had a Family sized portion of the Chicken Milano (sautéed chicken breast with mushrooms and alfredo layered with ham, basil and provolone. Served over fettuccine.) MUST TRY #3

All of the food here is so so good. Be sure to sign up for their eClub for future discounts.

*EDIT* This location has closed since my last visit. It has been leased to Red Robin Gourmet Burgers and expects to be open by November.

The Robinson location has closed as well. :(笑
Johnnie Carino's or as the Hubby and I call it "JOHNNIE C'S" is a nice comfortable italian restaurant.  We especially like the private booths with table's in them.  They offer family size portions, as well as individual.  What we especially enjoy is that this restaurant can make almost everything, how you want it.  Since I'm allergic to so many things including tomato's this idea comes in handy for me.  I've changed red sauce meals to spectacular alfredo sauce dishes!  Johnnie C's gets it right, everytime.  Great salads, the most friendliest staff around!   Johnnie C's is the place to eat, oh did I mention that they have original Italian soda's...and yummy Bellini's.  Anyway you might want to check them out~!!  I believe they have family nights where you get a family size dish for half price.  You can't beat it!笑
I've always really liked Johnny Carino's. My fiance and I have become regulars at the stores in Wichita, KS and Palmdale, CA, when we lived there.

So, when I was making plans to meet a friend for dinner in Monroeville, I suggested Carino's. I love Italian food and don't eat it very much in an effort to watch the carbs.

And this one was just as nice as any others. We were seated quickly and our server was nice and attentive without being pushy. 

The food was good. Although I did notice portions were smaller than they used to be. Don't get me wrong; I'm not complaining. I'm the one who can't stop eating the raviolli, so smaller is definitely better. But for the same price, I can definitely tell the economy is affecting this place.

Anyway, I'm still a fan of Carino's and I'll definitely be back when I come to town :)笑
Chicken scallopini and chicken carbonara are to die for!!! Yum yum yum!  Service is excellent for the few times we've been to this location.  We recommend taking the family on Monday evenings since the items on the menu marked "F" are family sized platters that are half priced! With two people at dinner, that means lunches for Tuesday!  Nice cozy atmosphere with baked fresh bread smell permeating the dining room.笑
We hit this place at an off time which was an amazing thing.  Seated quickly and waited on almost immediately.

The food was fantastic and hit the spot for my craving for Italian food.  Only downside there is that the menu is a little sparse, not much to choose from.  I opted for their Carino's Favorites Combo, typical combination that you could get at any other chain Italian restaurant.  Lasagna, spaghetti with marinara sauce, and chicken parm.  My selection also came with a choice of house salad, Caesar salad, or soup.  I opted for the house salad and it was quite good.  I was so impressed with the lasagna that I didn't leave any of that on the plate.  I was quite surprised and happy that they had carrots in their sauce, gives a little extra sweetness.  The chicken parm was breaded nicely and tasty.  The spaghetti, nothing special to write home about.  We also enjoyed the fresh bread to dip in the oil.  Fresh might be an understatement here.  More like piping hot.

Our dining experience was nice, not too many people in the place at the time, so it was quite relaxing and the noise was at a pleasant level.

Our waitress wasn't all that great at first, but we warmed up to her and vice versa.  By the time we left she was smiling.笑
Good Italian food but not exceptional if you grew up eating traditional home cooked Italian fare.  Service and ambiance are typical of a chain.笑
Johnny Carino's is good Italian food, and good service. I usually sit at the bar and there is a good crowd in there and friendly staff.

They give you bread that is warm and delicious with oil and herbs to start, and you can get soup or salad. I have had both and enjoyed them both. Every dish that I have ordered from here has been cooked to perfection and hot right out of the oven. I've also had the firecracker app and they are awesome!笑
The food is so salty that I feel my arteries clogging just mentioning it.  The silverware and plates are usually dirty.  The service is the only thing that is remotely OK.  Blech.笑
Chain Italian restaurant.  Friendly hostess and waitstaff.  They have whole wheat pasta, which is fabulous--and can get any pasta dish switched to that.  I had a chicken, artichoke dish-asked them to make spicy--they used crushed red pepper flakes.  I could have done that myself, but it was good.  Hubby had a creamy gorgonzola pasta dish that was fine, but unremarkable.  We both finished our pasta dishes, and I ALWAYS have left overs to take home--so that tells me portions are small.  House salad, bread and garlic oil is a-okay, too.  Will I go back?...eh...I wouldn't make a special trip there, it was fine, not fabulous.