Loved this place! It was great to support a non-chain place. Love the atmosphere and coffee!笑
After my first visit to Republic and having the Rooster's call, the aroma of this place really made me want to come back and eat in. We came in for breakfast on mothers day and ordered 4 Rooster's Call, 1 Dana (meat manaeesh with pickled wild cucumber, radish and parsley) for dad, 2 Hen's Nests (a breakfast manaeesh with egg, feta and arugula) for my wife and mom and 1 Aida (spinach manaeesh with feta cheese and walnuts) for me! 
I think my dad said it best when he described the food as being, 'just like home'. I believe he has secretly gone here a few times since!! 
Everything was just delicious with the flavours of Lebanon and the Arabian peninsula. Perfectly cooked manaeesh with just the right amount of filling. Come in a group, eat everything....  
This absolutely has to be the best manaeesh in the city! My new favourite cafe and for those who have spent any time in the Middle East, go here, sit and close your eyes while you eat, it will take you right back there. Toronto, say hello to your new favourite Lebanese cafe!
Highly recommend this place笑
Republic is my new favourite café in Toronto, and just happens to be on my way to work. I dropped by this morning on my way to work, having seen a recent writeup for the face on BlogTO.

I was greeted by the friendly barista and ordered a large americano ($3.50) and the "Mimo" bread stuffed with ham and three cheeses ($9.50). From the first bite, I was in heaven. The flaky crust gave way to a delicious, savoury cheese and ham melt which was good to the last bite.
 
I really came for the hen's nest (an open flatbread topped with egg, cheese, arugula and spices) but they had no eggs. I have a feeling they are still finding their feet which is understandable since they've only been open two months.

Granted, the food here is not cheap, but the coffee is reasonably-priced and amazing, and the food options will be an occasional treat for me. The decor is also wonderful and very spacious, ideal for a work meeting or quick lunch with friends or colleagues.

I can't wait to come back for more!笑
Great place - very authentic, great atmosphere, super friendly staff - if you happen to be in Toronto, this is a place you should try笑
Ok so yelpers have done it again!! Came here for something Lebanese in the morning was going for a tea... They had this. Beirut - tea thing on the menu options were either with turmeric or caraway... I chose turmeric .. and Boy am I glad that I did.

They make a special in house turmeric paste which is silky smooth infused in warm milk, the nutty aftermath taste is ahhhmazing, soothing, anti-inflammatory goodness, was delicious.

I browsed through their menu they have great options for breakfast and lunch. Can't wait to come back here and explore my taste buds!!笑
New coffee/bakery shop! This was my first time there and it was super nice. Love love love their rooster coffee! Well worth the few mins to brew. Will definitely be coming back.笑
I'm not your usual food reviewer but this place deserves to be given even more than 5/5. The place is extremely clean. The manakeesh are extremely fresh, it is NOT one of those places where everything is prepared and they throw it at you. They do have a greatvariety of specialty beverages. The owner is very welcoming, I felt I was back home! Definitely recommended!笑
Read a lot of good reviews about Republic cafe,  and decided to go and try it and I didn't regret it. I met my friend there for early breakfast,and we ordered the hen's nest and it taste really good and mix of cheese arugula and eggs is perfect.
Their coffee is very tasty and the cafe is very clean place and the staff are friendly.
I am planning to go there again to try other items from the menu.笑
If you're Lebanese, you take a bite of anything and it takes you back to having a morning man'ousheh on the streets of Beirut with a classy twist. 
If you're not, you have a world of Lebanese breakfast/brunch/lunch items to discover. 
Truly amazing 
Ask George what he recommends based on your own personal preferences, and you won't be displeased 
Amazing!笑
/BOTTOM LINE:
Beautiful cafe in the heart of downtown Toronto! Delicious food made to order, an interesting menu, paired with super tasty coffee. A must-try if you're in the area and are looking for a special breakfast on your way to work/if you're traveling in the area. 

/THE SPACE:
Is so gorgeous. The space is open, bright, and one side of the cafe is covered in beautiful tiles. There are coffee tables full of really interesting cookbooks. A great spot to do work!

/THE FOOD:
We got the breakfast mana'eesh (hen's nest) -- a flatbread with feta, arugula, and egg. The mana'eesh was equally as beautiful as the space! The crust was braided so nicely and was piping hot. We split ours, but I wish we each got one. It's lighter than it looks. The tanginess of the feta paired well with the perfectly cooked egg. Yum! Our coffees (rooster) were great as well.笑
What a great place to chill or meet friends. The decor is beautiful and relaxing and the owner was super friendly. I only had tea -which was wonderful (they have these cool testers out so you can smell the tea), but all the food and treats looked delicious. What a gem hidden in this part of town, definitely try it out!笑
4-star for the Lebanese coffee alone. Have not tried their food offerings just yet but they do look scrumptious. I have been looking for a good Turkish coffee within the downtown core and now, I have an alternative. It's essentially similar but I find the coffee I had was on the nice subtle sweet side. It's very smooth, not bitter. I will definitely keep coming back.

One advice, go for the 2-shots if you are not an avid coffee drinker. It's plenty for a single person. I ordered 4 shots, which gave me about 3 1/2 worth of the tiny cup. Believe me, it's potent! LOL笑
Just stellar. Friendly staff, hip decor, icy blackberry juleps that taste like summer in a cup, mana'eesh stuffed with savoury meat and topped with tart labneh, crumbly semolina cake that melts in your mouth...so far there's honestly nothing not to like.