Having eaten here almost weekly for over a year, there is plenty to keep you satisfied!  

Everything that you could expect from a great indian menu, with a friendly staff willing to make any necessary adjustments (light cream, extra spicy, etc.)!

The chicken sandwich is a great choice for someone that isn't too familiar with Indian food.

If you're looking for a consistent choice for lunch that's a little bit different, Moghel is a great decision!笑
Extremely disappointed! Do NOT go here if you are looking for the authentic Indian taste! The food was horrible, and stale, the tandoori rotis were extremely high priced ($8/each) for what was served, they were dry, flaky and not soft at all. We ordered vegetarian dishes and they were totally not what indian dishes taste or even look like. In lieu of navaratan korma (which the server gaurantedd was a dish with gravy) they served us a dry dish of sautéed veggies, bland with no curry, no spices,not even salt, just oil!! When inquired the waiter got us extra curry, which was of a non vegetarian entree!! Can u guys believe it, they knew we r vegetarians, we repeatedly told them while placing the order. when we confirmed with the server and asked for it to be replaced,they did replace it but seemed totally non-apologetic. The overall customer service was rude and non welcoming at all. Going here ruined our evening, was a waste of money as their Prices are EXTREMELY HIGH!! for what indelectable food they serve and left us with bad memories of montreal, as we were leaving back home that night.笑
Fancy looking restaurant in a not so fancy area- I'm guessing it's popular among the locals as it was quite full on a Friday night with large groups celebrating birthdays.

Decor is tasteful, clean, booths and table are a little cramped and it gets very loud, easy to hear everything going on next to you.

Presentation of food is what I liked the best, minimalist plating with eye popping colors but as expected from restaurants that try to be upscale, the portions are very small.
I ordered the evening table d'hote with included an appetizer, meal and dessert for 22$. My simple butter chicken sauce was mild and creamy, great hint of coconut milk but the cubed chicken was dry once I bit into it, could have used longer marinade.

Not the best Indian food, and you can get far more for less elsewhere- if you come here, you're paying for the decor and ambiance.笑
The  ambience and food is awesome. However the service is really slow. They need to improve on their service. Other then that do visit them. Not too far away from Olympic Stadium and planetarium.笑
Coming from the UK, where there are probably more indian restaurants than any McDonalds, I was complaining to my husband about how much I missed spicy indian food. My bday was around the corner, so my hubby and the in laws planned me a surprise dinner party. Being not familiar with the roads on the south shore, we were driving around all over the place between boucherville and longueuil, until we finally arrived at Moghel Tandoori. The dimmed lighting, decor, ambiance, friendly staff, food and spices were to perfection!
We had such a good time with the waiter that at the end of the evening, he escorted us to the car - we found that extremely polite and respectful! This amazing service made the food even tastier! I truly believe that Moghel Tandoori beats any indian restaurant in parc-X!笑
Service très long. Certains plats dans les entrées goûtent le congelé. Les plats pricipaux sont ok et les portions sont raisonnables. Nous étions assis sous une bouche d'aération et c'était très desagreable. Bref ce n'est pas un coup de coeur pour l'amateur de nourriture indienne que je suis.