This location has ovens that other  locations do not, if you grew up on this pizza the pizza made in these ovens will take you back. When other locations went to conveyor BS this location will give you the best pizzas with the PPP taste. They might not have a lot of games but they have the best pizza of any Peter Piper hands down, I travel from goodyear to Scottsdale just for the pizza.Ǿ
Total guilty pleasure. Yep, place is small compare to other locations, but a recent renovation makes it ok. We visit the buffet once or twice a month. Office is close by, so its easy. Cant beat the price. I am however impressed that each time I go, one of the ladies working there puts in an order for a veggie pizza if none is on the buffet. Something I appreciate as a vegetarian, and impresses me from a customer service perspective. 

the place seems to have a loyal clientele of locals, working in the neighborhood, and families trying ti feed and entertain kids. Its not gourmet, but a harty lunch fir a really decent price.Ǿ
Cheap and delicious.  Need I say more?  This pizza is perfect for when you want a quick, inexpensive, delicious meal but don't buy extra...it's only great when you eat it fresh...reheating it makes it taste like cardboard. 

The toppings aren't fancy...the crust isn't fancy...it's just the perfect amount of crusty bread and toppings to make me happy.

Large one topping pizza (you can even do half and half and it's still considered one topping)...I get mine ordered "well done" to be crispy....and its about $11.  Feeds two and you're full. The endǾ
Although this location is smaller than most, the staff is always friendly and the food is always good. They also keep the restaurant very clean, even when it is very crowded. They always keep the buffet stocked during hours as well. Parking is sometimes scarce. The bathroom is not as clean as we would have liked though.Ǿ
This place was alright. I've been to one another PPP and it was huge! This location was surprisingly small, I wonder what made them decide that since it's near a big city. But oh well, we went around 8 and there was single groups so wasn't crowded. Except for these two children that kept running around, jumping on benches and even nudged my mother in law. Control your children! 
The food was good. We got breadsticks and was delish. But the marinara sauce tasted different, I think like spaghetti sauce. It was odd. We also got the spicy buffalo wings and man was it hot! Well for me anyway. We ordered two medium "The Werx" thinking it was small and had little slices, it actually had 10 slices and bigger than we thought. Again, that sauce was odd on the pizza. 
The other problem was the prices, man was it expensive. 
We're visiting from New Mexico so I wouldn't return to this location just because the prices and they're marinara sauce.Ǿ
So no one is going to confuse this place for fine dining, but I gotta say- it gets the job done. Old School pizza that is really good when it's piping hot out of the oven. It's not the best a day later, so keep in mind to get it while it's hot, and then maybe tip your 40, because it's over Johnny.Ǿ
OK went back to PPP for the lunch buffet right at 11am today.  The star deductions today are for the inconsistency...If you read this asap, please check the calibration on your ovens!  All thin crust pizzas that came out today were very over cooked.  They're usually perfect, but today just not good.  Other pizza sometimes had perfect crust, and others were way under or over cooked.  I hate to gripe as it's an incredible value for $7.  I've just always been a fan of PPP's crust since high school over 30 years ago.  Check those ovens guys, and seriously get those thin crust pies corrected..Ǿ
This is the best chain/commercial pizza place in town. Pizza Hut, Dominoes,Papa Johns cannot hold a pizza flipper to this place. However, this location is small and does not have very many games to choose from. But that's not why I come here the pizza is good and the ranch is super good as well.Ǿ
I haven't written a review on Yelp in a long time since most of my reviews are for restaurants/eating establishments and I haven't been able to taste food properly the past couple months due to radiation. 

That being said, the pizza here is terrible. 

The crust tastes like cardboard & I don't know what they use for cheese, but it's not cheese.

Of course, the pizza is just a small reason why you'd even bother coming here (do people actually come to Peter Piper specifically for the pizza?).

My nephew likes coming here and I'm glad he'd rather come to this location than others since it's small and the couple times I've been here with him not that crowded. Sure, it probably doesn't have as much to offer in terms of games as some of the other locations, but I'm not the one playing them & he's only 4 so he's good with what they got.Ǿ
I've been here twice for kids parties. The pizza is fine, obviously it's not wonderful or anything. The game area seems really small. Maybe I'm just older now but I feel like they should have more games...it feels a bit crammed. I'm sure there are better Peter Piper Pizzas out there so if you don't mind driving further you'll probably get more for your money.Ǿ
Worst pizza in the universe, but to be fair, the kids love it here so maybe I'm one whose got it all wrong.Ǿ
It's, a Chuck E. Cheese spinoff. That's pretty much it. This place is really meant for kids. But if you want some pizza. For relatively cheap. Knock yourself out.     

On a side note: Gosh... I bet their profit margin from tokens, to their ticket prizes is insane. You spend 20 dollars on tokens. To get 80 cents worth of party favors from your local dollar store. -___-Ǿ
Went here for lunch on Thursday and while the pizza was good (I stuck to the jalapeno and peperoni) the salads were lackluster. I could be remembering the salads from the Chandler PPP which were pre mixed with dressing. The salads here looked like bagged salad with a choice of dressings. On the good side, they did have blue cheese dressing (my favourite). All in all, for the price, its a good place to go if you can tune out screaming kids and video games. Also a good place to go if you have screaming kids who like video games!Ǿ
I'm convinced that this is the smallest Peter Piper in existence. A little cousin of mine had his 11th birthday party here and it was embarrassing. There are like four games and there isn't a ballpit at all.

When we first got there they hadn't even set up for the party yet and we were on time. I asked one of the employees if there was a party schedule for 2pm and she snaps, "I HAVE NO IDEA" and gave me the dirtiest look ever. It was so rude. I get that you work at Peter Piper and you're probably upset about that but don't take it out on me. 

I tried to play Deal or No Deal with my cousin to just try to have fun and was bombarded by unsupervised Mexican children begging me for tokens and tickets and screaming at me how to play the game. Where were their parents at? 

The location in Mesa is much better! It's bigger than a Chuck E Cheese and the staff is way friendlier. Avoid this location at all costs.Ǿ
Peter piper is pretty awesome.  it's great for kids, great for families, it's just great for everyone.  What more is there to like,  it's pizza, games, and fun for all ages. 
i know that i would recommend this pizza place any day.Ǿ
The pizza is amazing!!!  It is a small location with a small variety of games.  Each game is two coins which is too much if you ask me. The bathrooms are old and gross. If you just want good pizza, this is the place, just use the restroom before you leave your house.Ǿ
Is it wrong that I like the taste of Peter Piper Pizza? It tastes like cardboard, but for some reason I love it still. I remember going to Peter Piper as a kid - having birthday parties here. Not this location, but still... they're all basically the same - various levels of shitty. 

This location doesn't have too many kids usually and their arcade game selection is on the sad end of the scale. Still, I'm 33 - I don't come here for the games. I come for the shitty pizza... which I like. This place in particular does a pretty good job on the pizza - but most locations are about the same.

It's cheap and tasty and filling. If you haven't in a long time - get some take out or something... It's nowhere near the best pizza ever, but it's good in its own way. Don't judge my other pizza reviews by the fact that I like this crap. It's my secret shame.Ǿ
Lost a long time customer! Wanted to eat a "take out" special at the restaurant last night. Was told I could have my pizza but could not have my 2 liter bottle of soda until I was ready to leave the restaurant. What?! I paid for it! I was told that "people try to refill their soda." Ok...but how is that any different than someone getting a "water" cup and filling it with soda or buying only one soda and sharing with others since it can be refilled multiple times? I have personally witnessed this happen at this exact location on more occasions than I could possible count.  Regardless, I would have been happy to sit at a table close to the staff to be watched (which is ridiculous in and of itself) to ensure that I did not attempt to refill my soda. I was just trying to save a little money because we were already spending over $30 for 2 large one-topping pizzas, one 2-liter of soda, cheesy bread, and tokens. While we enjoy this pizza, it's far from gourmet (as reviewed by others) and for that reason I have an issue spending $40+ dollars to eat there.  The sad thing is we come here so much (seriously...probably on a weekly basis) that they know us. Oh well...so much for customer loyalty. We know this store is independently owned and would prefer that our business support an individual owner, but unfortunately we will be transferring our business to the Mesa Riverview or North Scottsdale corporate stores. I should note, too, that the previous week we ordered a very similar "deal" at a competitor's location (not a Peter Piper) and they had no problem with us enjoying our meal in the restaurant - 2 liter and all!