I ordered the veggie dumplings to-go over the phone. Even after 45 mins the food was not ordered. This is the second time my food was delayed while picking up my order. If you are hungry, don't go here, because you'll be more hungry with the massive delay they always have.

Very irresponsible staff. Won't come back ever again.笑
I saw a lot of great review so I went to tried it. I order Shrimp fried rice, beef -bread (come with 3) and pork & Shrimp dumpling. The dumpling was raw, I asked for the re-cook. They actually re-cook the same dish, it cause over cook. They are the top Chinese restaurant, however, the service and food quality are very bad.笑
I always get one of the various fried rice dishes they offer here and it's unbeatable. So delicious!! I actually find myself craving it all the time. Also try the pork and cabbage dumplings! They're flavorful and they send out a large generous portion. Recommend!笑
My husband and I went for dinner last week our first time at Chou's... I read the reviews and thought it would be good.... we were disappointed.... my broccoli and beef had absolutely very little sauce,  it was so dry.... My husband ordered a chicken and vegetable entree, he said it was just okay, a little dry....
Our potstickers came again no sauce....???? We heard people at the next table asking for sauce , the waitress said, no they didn't have sauce of any kind....all they had was this soy sauce sitting on the table.... 
But we ordered the Beef Pie appetizer.... it was wonderful , also comes pork.... They were juicy and very flavorful.... so if you have a taste for Beef Pies (3 to an order) this is the place for you....笑
Our room mate recommended this place. We ordered sweet n sour ribs, stir fried beans, egg plant potatoes and green pepper, and pork dim sum. My favorite is pork dim sum. Will go back try other things笑
It was alright, not great. Maybe it depends on what you order but I found everything (fried rice, wanton soup, egg rolls, Sichuan beef) pretty bland and a little greasy. Seemed like your standard americanized Chinese place, so I can understand why it's so popular. I prefer the freshness of mandarin style Chinese food. I might return but it won't be my first choice.笑
Lots of parking, lot of tables (different group sizes), and clean.  The staff was very attentive and friendly.  Plus we had someone with us that spoke the language (PLUS).  Ok, so what didn't we order...  We order three different dumplings (fish, seafood combo, and pork), beef pies, beef noodle soup, etc.  I have to say everything was very very good.  The taste was there, textures in the dumplings & noodles, etc.  YUM!  5 of us polished off A LOT OF food but still had leftovers to take home.笑
I eat in chandler location often, and I am happy with their food in chandler location. BUT Don't eat at tempe one. Me and my boyfriend eat dinner at tempe location today and it was terrible experience ever. We order beef pancakes as usual but it taste bad and kinda sour. We tell the waiter then the manager comes, an old lady with rude attitude. She argue with us with unpleasant tone, and blaming us for order it. She return the dish but She keep blaming us while she is behind the counter so we can hear her voice during entire dinner. What a SHAME! That kind of service is unbelievable, I have never seen that for my life! CHOOSE SOMEWHERE ELSE TO EAT!笑
Looking for excellent and authentic northeastern Chinese comfort food (pasta and dumplings) in the greater Phoenix area? Look no further than Chou's Kitchen! They have two locations. The original is in Chandler and the newer location, the subject of this review, is in Tempe, very near the ASU campus.

Perfectly situated on a corner location in a small strip mall, this unassuming family-style restaurant is a big draw for many students and local residents alike. And, when most of the customers are Chinese or Asian, you know you've walked in the right place.

The service was quick and friendly. The servers were attentive and exhibited great teamwork. The humble but very passionate owner really made all of her diners feel at home. She was also very hands-on and was involved in many front of the house operations, including waiting tables.

Other than a few items which are familiar to most American diners, the place also features several Szechuan specials. But, pasta and HAND MADE, yes, I said, HAND MADE, dumplings are the reasons why this place is a must eat in when in Phoenix.

For our dinner, my wife and I ordered Chinese cucumber salad appetizer (best way to describe it), beef fried rice, Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings, 10 pieces per order) and shrimp, pork and chive dumplings (also 10 per order).

The fresh and crunchy cucumbers (small Chinese cucumbers), tossed in freshly minced garlic, sesame oil, rice vinegar, sugar and salt, was a very refreshing opener for a hot summer evening.

The beef fried rice was excellent. Overly salted and soy sauce drenched brown mystery deal one would usually expect from one too many Chinese carry outs and restaurants trying to appeal to the majority of American taste buds will not be found here. Instead, you will find what the Chinese want when we order fried rice; white rice seasoned primarily by salt. Simple. Clean. Delicious.

The shrimp, pork and chive dumpling filling melted in your mouth but the HAND MADE dumpling skin was absolutely the star. The skin was perfectly al dente. Nothing beats hand made pasta. Because they are hand made, it does take a little bit of wait time. But the wait was very much worth it. The dumplings come 10 per order. Perfect single order for those wishing a little snack. Also perfect for family and friends wishing to share and try several different dumplings.

Finally, the piece de resistance, our order of Xiao Long Bao or soup dumplings. Each delectable, steamy and soothing bite-size pouches of goodness is the very reason that draws the masses to this wonderfully unpretentious but excellent jewel time after time. The broth within each dumpling is just right. The pork filling melts in your mouth and, again, the hand made dumpling or bao skin is perfectly al dente. Sure, if you have eaten Xiao Long Bao at the famous Din Tai Feng chains, Xiao Long Bao at Chou's has a bit of catching up. BUT, it doesn't matter. Excellence is excellence. Xiao Long Bao at Chou's will make you want to go back time and time again. 

My wife and I left very satisfied. Our bill for all the food? Just a bit over $22. I love it. We will most definitely return again. And we will also try out the original Chandler location. Chou's Kitchen, definitely one of the best northeastern style Chinese comfort food in the greater Phoenix area, a must go.笑
My second favorite chinese place (great Wall on the west side is first) but by far the best in Tempe! Been here three times and always want to come back
 Great food fair price笑
Best family style cooking. Fresh high quality ingredients. Definitely our regular stops for Chinese home style food.笑
Stopped here for late dinner and I am not surprised about the food here since I see their other restaurant in Chandler & it has high review. This location is new to Tempe. We had Xiao long Bao & Kung pao shrimp. Both taste good. XLB taste fresh. Will come back !!笑
Their xiao long bao (steamed soup dumplings) are delicious. This location closes at 3pm to 4:30pm daily.笑
Waited an hour for food.  Dishes were served 20 minutes apart from each other.  Taste of food was not too good.  Beans, potatoes and rib clay pot not a good dish at all.  Service was average for a Chinese restaurant.笑
I love this place.

I have never been let down here. I usually get a vegetable sir fry, with noodles. And I never get tired of it. My boyfriend however tries something new each time. He's gotten things I thought I'd never try, and I loved them! 
But oh my god, their DUMPLINGS. they are amazing. My partner and I can down 9 in 2 minutes. Usually it's a bit of a wait to get them, so if you do want the dumplings order them first before anything else. They're usually the last things we get. But that's not a bad thing, it's an awesome way to end a meal!

It's clean here, we get sat as soon as we walk in. Even though some of the workers don't speak the best English, they're still so sweet and will explain dishes to you. They're very attentive, always offering to refill our water, asking how we like it, and they bus tables promptly. 

They have point in the day where they're closed for two hours, I think normally around 3/5 so I would call around then and see if they're taking guests.笑
I love Fuqifeipian! It is spicy enough and almost beat what I had in China. Mapodoufu  is not quite satisfying. All in all, it is the best Chinese restaurant in town.笑
This place was very tasty. They have a good variety of food options. We were able to find my meat and potatoes dad something he would eat and there were plenty of more exotic looking items on the menu as well. I was a little disappointed in my noodles, but only because I think my party's chicken stir fry dishes were so good! The service is a little slow and my boyfriend was well into his meal by the time mine came out, but overall very decent.笑
Stopped by for some Northern Chinese food for some fantastic little dragon dumplings and amazing beef pie and etc. Came with family and not too busy so sat immediately. Started with the beef pie which is a must...the green onion pancake was so crispy...and the little dragon dumplings were the best in the area that we have had so far!! The winter melon pork rib soup was very ching and the pork ear was really tasty. The beef tripe was so so. This is their second location and does not have all the choices as their Chandler (and smaller) location but still pretty good for what they have. They also their spicy beef soup which was pretty good as well...笑
This place would have had 5 stars if the service was better. Boy, the service could really use a lot of improvement. The waiters don't make eye contact, they get very awkward, and you have to chase them down for items. They need a lot of training.

Okay, the good! 
The dumplings were delicious! I mean, juicy, squirt in your mouth amazing dumplings. (That came out dirty...but they're really good)
Mongolian beef was tender had more meat than onions, which is always a plus!
Stir fry noodles had really good flavor and the shrimp was cooked well.

I had watermelon juice which was refreshing and not too sweet. The soda comes in a can, which I'm assuming means no refills. 

Next time I come, it will probably be for take out.笑
"If, in the midst of a Szechuan pepper-heavy meal, you have the presence of mind to ignore the searing hot pain that fills your mouth, you might notice a more subtle effect of eating the hot peppers: a tingling, numbing sensation that envelops your lips and tongue."  ― smithsonianmag.com

We weren't originally going to grab dinner.  We had a gigantic lunch in Prescott earlier that day and was next door getting some mediocre boba.  On the way to the car though, I had mentioned I had wanted to try the Beef Pies at Chou's so here we are!  I've been to their first location and had an okay experience and much similar, I had an okay experience here as well.  I will say that I love how this place has more seating.  Their first location is much too small.  So here at Chou's, we had gotten the Beef Pies, Spicy Fish Fillet, and the Toothpick Lamb.

Beef Pie, $6 for 3:  Delicious, juicy, and full of flavor.  I would come back and order these again.  The outside is like a green onion pancake batter, sans the onions, the the inside absolutely exploded with beefy juices [don't be dirty].  It was hot and flavorful!

Spicy Fish Fillet, $10.98:  That tongue-numbing quote applies.  I don't like how Szechuan style cooking numbs the tongue.  It's not spicy and it just numbs the tongue for no reason at all.  I want to attribute it to the pickled vegetables too but I don't really know that for a fact.  Regardless, I didn't enjoy this this.  The fish was battered lightly and nicely and the pickled peppers on top gave it a sour bite.  They were incredibly light on the dry Szechauan peppers.  The flavor was on the imbalance side, being way more sour than spicy.

Toothpick Lamb, $14.98:  We were going to this one other restaurant, GTB, that makes this dish AMAZING but they were closed for the holiday so we went somewhere else but it was still on my mind.  So when I saw it on the menu, I got it.  It was decent but I think I prefer the other place for this dish.  The lamb was a bit tough and definitely gamey.  Jalapeño slices gave it a nice heat and they were quite heavy-handed on the fennel seeds.

All in all, if I ever crave XLB or a beef pie, I'll stop by!  Service was excellent and the place was clean.笑
FYI, their lunch break is at 3:00 - 4:30 pm. 

 Some seats are a little sticky but overall, the restaurant is pretty clean. Service is very "traditional Chinese" so you do have to get the server's attention for service. The restaurant is filled with ASU International Chinese Students which I assume means the restaurant tastes pretty authentic. 

I've tried the Xiao Long Bao (Soup Dumplings), Kung Pao Chicken, Szechuan Chicken, Sweet & Sour Chicken, and Eggplant Stir Fry with Minced Pork. I really enjoyed the Kung Pao Chicken the most. I'm not the biggest fan of Xiao Long Bao in general, so to me they were pretty mediocre. 

I definitely plan on coming back and exploring more of their menu!笑
This restaurant is only a mile from our house and I couldn't believe we didn't know about it. The server told us that they have been there for about a year. My husband is a fan of Chinese food. He was very sad when his favorite restaurant Wong's place had a change of new ownership. It was hard to find a good and decent Chinese place to diner out. I am glad that our friends dragged us out last Sunday night to try this place and it was fantastic. I would give five star for food, but the service fell a little short so I settle for four stars. We would definitely come back here again.笑
I was so happy to finally find very good Chinese food in Phoenix! We had the xiaolongbao, the beef pies, green onion pancakes and m'appeler tofu. The service was very fast and efficient. The place was clean and the food was great... Great experience, can't wait to try more of their menu!笑
If you're looking for a place that doesn't have your typical Americanized Chinese food, this place has a lot of different dishes. I'm very new to authentic Chinese food but so far the flavors have blown my mind. Their spicy beef tendon dish is really really good and I'm addicted to it. Good prices too.笑
So so glad I decided to come to Chou's. Potstickers - dying. #120 steamed pork dumplings - really good. Kung Po chicken - the best I've literally ever had. 

I had been lamenting the lack of really good & authentic chinese places in the area but this place is amazing. I'll be back very very soon.笑
If you are in a hurry, this is not the place to go.  However, great food cannot be made quickly and this is the best Chinese food I have eaten since moving to Arizona.  The dumplings are absolutely delicious.  My daughter and I went on a Friday night at 6:30 and the place was packed.  We waited in front of the door as people came in and out to pick up orders.  There is a big window where you can see the cooks making dumplings.  

We ordered pork, chives and shrimp dumplings, which come in a plate of 10.  For our main dish, we ordered stir fried noodles and stir-fried rice.  Both dishes were flavorful and delicious.

My daughter tried the plum juice and did not care for it. I ordered herbal tea, which I thought was going to be warm, but it was a canned tea that tasted like jasmine tea.

The service was very good.笑
By far my favorite Chinese restaurant in the valley.  I stumbled upon their Chandler location years ago when they first opened and those meat pies have been on my mind ever since!  My whole group loved everything!  I love the meat pies, and my group also loved the juicy dumplings and the pot stickers. The garlic chicken was good but different than I expected and not as good as everything else. In addition, the service was great.  So happy to see them doing well and expanding to Tempe Highly recommend you check out this little gem!!笑
I had to come here once again before I moved out of town. I ordered two of the juicy pork buns and it was heavenly. Nothing beats homemade juicy pork buns-the taste was amazing.
The staff was quick and efficient too. I've had other dishes here-go with the eggplant with pork-you won't be disappointed!笑
The realest Chinese food in Arizona yet.  Real Chinese people eat here, it's not westernized.  Expect to hear people speaking mandarin and to be confused about everything if you're unfamiliar with authentic Chinese food.  Get the xiao long bao, onion pancake, and mackerel dumplings.  Don't go and try to order orange chicken or general tso's笑
I ordered takeaway.  The beef fried rice was great. The proportion was excellent. I definitely will frequent this place.笑
Warning! The Chou's Kitchen in Tempe is NOT better than the original one in Chandler/Mesa. 

I am mostly rating this new location to compare it to the other original location. First off, it's definitely an improvement on the size of the original. Very spacious, and clean looking. But that's mostly it. 

The prices are a little higher, and you don't get the amenities that the original gave you. Like for instance, at the original, you can ask for free corn soup. It's nothing special, but it's free you know!!!! So I was kinda bummed on that. Also the prices for the soup dumplings are a little more expensive, and the quality is slightly less! Like
The dumplings can deflate, or not have enough juice in them, and sometimes can be dried up. 

I've also had normal stuff like the Kung pao chicken, the deep fried chive buns, and the normal pork buns and they're good.......but NOT as good as the Chou's in Alma School and Ray location.笑
This place is by far my favorite ! The employees are so kind & friendly. The food is amazing!!! The dumplings are delicious. The noodles are fantastic! The wonton soup is one of my favorites! Great selection even for picky children! This place has the whole package delicious hot food & great service. It is very affordable too. The hot and sour soup is the best!!!笑
Tried Chou's Kitchen today due to favorable reviews; I was not disappointed.  My friend and I tried the veggie spring rolls, the juicy pork dumplings, and veggie noodle stir-fry.  All were very yummy.  Other reviews mention slow service and that was the case for us today.  The server was very nice and all smiles but we ordered before the table next to us and ALL of their food was served to them before even 1 of our items was brought to our table.  I also had a Diet Coke and it was a warm can of soda paired with a small glass of ice.  I paid a $1.50 for a can of soda.  I won't do it at a vending machine and I won't do it here again.
Bottom Line:   My friend and I did enjoy our food and are looking forward to going back to try other menu items.笑
Same delicious food, new location! I was excited to hear that Chou's expanded their locations, opening up a second restaurant in Tempe. The restaurant seems more spacious and has better ambiance than the Chandler location, with more tables and decor.

We browsed through the menu and decided on the xiao long bao, eggplant with minced pork in garlic sauce, and mapo tofu. The eggplant and tofu came out first. The eggplant was tender with a slightly crisp outer layer from frying with a concentrated brown garlic sauce. The mapo tofu was light on ground meat, but had very fresh tasting tofu and a tongue numbing, flavorful sauce with Sichuan peppercorns. The xiao long bao came out piping hot, a pretty good rendition of this dish, holding the requisite savory broth hidden inside the small dumplings. 

Service was good and we were checked up on as needed. Our server spoke both fluent English and Mandarin Chinese. 

Overall 4.5/5. I'll definitely be back!笑
Chou's gets 2 stars because the food was good. The service was horrible. Our order was taken soon enough, but then it was 45 minutes before we got anything. At that point our waiter peeked around the corner and saw our still-empty table. He got a shocked look on his face and took off (presumably to the kitchen). It was another 10 minutes at least before our first dish came. Followed a few minutes later by our second dish. About 20 minutes later (we had finished the first 2 dishes), the third dish was delivered. We asked about the appetizer (the steamed dumplings) and the waiter apparently didn't get that we wanted the steamed dumplings, so we left without them. Somebody else came to the table with apologies, but no authority to make any effort to recoup the loss and try to make us happy customers. A manager with any sense would have written off the meal entirely. They offered nothing to mitigate the situation. So here I am on Yelp saying "good food - crappy service."笑
My bf wanted Chinese food for his bday and we've been looking for a new place in our area.  Checked Yelp and this new place popped up.  Super packed on a Friday night and service was awesome from the get go.  We were greeted by about 3 different people right when we walked in.  
We ordered some pork dumplings to start (I can't remember which exact ones), Mongolian beef, sweet and sour chicken and vegetable fried rice.  I unfortunately wasn't a huge fan of the dumplings.  Apparently they are super popular here but I just wasn't a big fan of the taste.  The Mongolian beef and sweet and sour chicken were both delicious!  The meat was well cooked and super tender and flavorful.  
The star of the meal was the veggie fried rice.  I'll be honest, when it was brought to the table I wasn't impressed.  It looked a little bland and unassuming.  But once I tried it, omg it was packed with flavor!  It was by far my favorite part of the meal.  
Really awesome place, I'm glad they set up shop in Tempe.  The staff are all very friendly and the owner came by to check on us and fill up our drinks.  Excited to go back!!笑
I was pleasantly surprised to find this authentic Chinese place in Arizona. This is NOT American Chinese by all means. There is no general chicken, orange chicken or any of the American Asian dishes here, at least not in the menu I was provided. Anything in the Chinese menu that we tried was very good. 
- Stir-fried intestines
- Stir-fried pig stomach
- stewed ribs
- cabbage
- steamed juicy buns
- scallion pancake 
- dried poke or beef pancakes
- chicken-mushroom pot

The owner is a Chinese chef that is what I heard

And I give myself credibility because I live in the San Francisco Bay Area and is pampered with good Chinese food daily笑
As others have mentioned, this place does have pretty authentic Chinese food (for the area, especially)! Would recommend.笑
Best Chinese restaurant in town. We had business trip and stop by here. Really good long list of good choices. Good service. Good food.笑
We did not have good experiences with Chou's Kitchen.  Upon realizing that this location was a 5-minute walk, it seemed like a good place to frequent for lunch.  Service on our first visit was mediocre.  Despite the two of us ordering the exact same dish, we had a 10-minute window between the first and second entree coming out.  Our second trip to Chou's Kitchen was terrible in that we waited 15 minutes to be seen for the first time, had to wave down the waitress to order, had to get up and walk to the front for a refill and she forgot one of our orders.  An attitude was given to us after we approached the staff for refills and the check.  What was particularly awful about this visit was that every other table was receiving quick service and we, the only caucasians in the place, were receiving little to no attention at all.  The exact same mistake happening on two separate occasions is not a coincidence.  Chou's Kitchen's service is biased and does not provide the same service to all types of customers.笑
Amazing just like the original location in Chandler.

My dad loves this place and wanted to eat Chous as soon as he got off the plane from SFO. Chandler is closed on Wed so we drove here and when we arrived they had just closed for the afternoon at 3!! Oh no! But the staff was so nice they let us stay and order because I told them how much my dad loved their food.

We happened to see the owner there who remembered my dad. Food was consistent as Chandler and the decor and ambiance was lovely! It's like the chandler loc with a face lift.笑
Thanks to Yelp I found  that Chou's had a closer location for me. We always missed the food at their Alma school location but it was always too out of the way for us. They did a good job with the renovations with lots of clean booths & tables everything was very new. This restaurant is right behind a filiberto's drive thru on Apache and close to ASU. 

We ordered the #86 spicy garlic eggplant, #109 beef pies and #120 xiao long bao. The eggplant came out first with white rice. It was really yummy I wish they added some fried tofu. You'll enjoy this if you like sweet and spicy.
 The #109 & 120 beef pies and Xiao long bao  are a must trys! Beef pies are like large dim sum. Don't  underestimate them when you bit into they are juicy and full of flavor. 
#120 soup dumplings XLB. The easisest way to eat it is to dunk them in the ginger vinegar sauce put them on your soup spoon and SLURP it up! Slurping is encouraged (it just means it's darn delicious)

 We washed down our meals with green tea. Next time we will try the soy milk that they prepared fresh in a large pot and just eat all XLB because they are that good!笑
I'm super torn on this review between 3 and 4 stars.  I'm settling on 4 because I only tried 2 things and the first one was so good I'm willing to give the benefit of the doubt on other menu items.  Beef pies were absolutely awesome.  I got my order to go and spent the entire drive back to work practically drooling because they smelled so good.
The other item I ordered was the wonton noodle soup.  First the soup was literally the most bland soup I have ever tasted and in addition, the wontons were so mushy they fell apart as I tried to get them out of the bowl.  The noodles however were decent, but I had to add a lot of seasoning to my order to get it to have any flavor at all.
Next time I go I will definitely try something else.笑
I was blown away at the quality and authenticity of the food.   I didn't find any American favorites like General Tso's Chicken (which was fine) but I did find a lot of authentic Hong Kong stye dishes which did not disappoint.  I had several dumplings which exploded with warm tasty soup in my mouth as well as a few vegetable dishes.  I loved the service - the daughter of the family was our server and she filled us in on a lot of details on the food as well as her culture.  We felt at home and walked out wanting to plan a trip to China. I highly recommend anyone looking for incredible food to try Chous.笑
Very good, authentic Chinese food served by eager and attentive staff.  Unique and fresh dumplings made the meal a special treat.  One warning:  dishes are served as they come out of the kitchen so best to share food.笑
One after another, so many have tried to open a food place in this very same spot. Along comes this chinese food establishment and BINGO! I have tried it a few times and the last time, it was packed, and with mostly chinese people ;) 
In all my favorite is anything noodles. That tasty well seasoned wok in the kitchen sure makes it taste good every time.
The young waiter staff is at a loss every time, so you gotta take charge here, for instance, don't wait for your check. For you gringos, you gotta ask for anything more than chopsticks, cause they won't ask or provide them, but hey, get it together and learn. Food is good and consistent.笑
Waiting forever！！！！！！！！！！！
Ordered 3 dishes, but we waited for at least 1 hour , only 2 dishes were served and one of them was almost cold.
Worst experience ever.笑
A fantastic Chinese restaurant. All of their appetizers are delicious, especially the dumplings and meat pies. The eggplant with garlic sauce is rich and complex with or without pork. Definitely try the fried rice, especially the mushroom one. Actually, get anything that says mushroom or fungus. All the meat dishes I've tried are fantastic and all nonrice or noodle dishes come with rice which great. Just make sure to call ahead so you don't come during the break they take mid afternoon for lunch.笑
very clean and food were delicious just like the Chandler location. I always order jalapeno with pork intestine it's sooo good, but also tried new dish this time around, lamb on toothpick like a bite size skewer, it will be my new must order.笑
This place is legit. Authentic Chinese food at a reasonable price right by the ASU campus. What more can an international student ask for? :) Happy customer right here.笑
Had the pork & cabbage dumplings and the spicy beef tendon/tripe, excellent!!  The dumplings were fresh and juicy, and the tendon/tripe wasn't chewy at all, nice firm texture.  Plenty of interesting things to try on the menu!! Will definitely be back.笑
I ordered the Orange Chicken...by far the most flavorful I have ever had! Served on a bed of lettuce with chunks of fresh orange, and a sauce to die for! White rice served on the side. 
I'll be back here!笑
I have been finding Chinese restaurant since I moved to Tempe. Yesterday (Oct 2, 2016), my friend brought us to Chou's Kitchen. It was amazing and really cure my home-sick. Most of the food, service, and environment are good and relaxing. Also, the price is reasonable. Thus, I would like to give them 4/5.

[Food]
I and four of my friends order 6 dishes in total: Spicy Beef Tripe, Stir-fry eggplant & minced pork with garlic sauce, Toothpick lamb, Szechuan Spicy Chicken, Kung Bao Chicken, Stir-fry Chinese wood ear mushroom with shanyao. And the rice are unlimited supply. They are all in a big portion which can serve 5-6 people. 
* Spicy Beef Tripe: It's a cold dish. Instead of spicy, it's taste more" numb". 
* Stir-fry eggplant & minced pork with garlic sauce: I had really high expectation on this dish, however, I think it is the one that tastes furthest from the genuine flavor. I might not order it next time.
* Toothpick lamb: They strung small pieces of lamb on the toothpick and flavored it with cumin. It was good but not great because the dish was cold when it's served.
* Szechuan Spicy Chicken: This dish is made with huge amounts of hot pepper, but it's not super spicy.  
* Kung Bao Chicken: This dish is more sweet than spicy. 
* Stir-fry Chinese wood ear mushroom with Shanyao: I wasn't expect much about the dish at first cause I'm not fan of either Chinese wood ear or Shanyao. However, the taste was amazing. It has the smell coming from stir-frying (the smell which fried rice usually have).
I also order Plums juice. It's not too sour nor sweet. It drinks more like tea. I don't really like how it taste.
All the dishes go well with rice. To sum up, I would recommend Spicy Beef Tripe and Stir-fry Chinese wood ear mushroom with shanyao as the must-try dishes. 

[Service]
The servers were kind. They asked us if we need some drinks first and gave us plenty of time discussing before taking our order. All the dishes came approximately at the same time. The waiting time was a little bit long, but it's still endurable. They came and asked we need more water or rice just when we need, and that was great. The only complaint I had was that sometimes the server took the place so fast that made us felt a little stressful.

[Environment]
The restaurant is located next to New School for the Arts & Academics on Apache Boulevard. There're spaces to park cars and bikes. The restaurant is bright, clean and in a Chinese style. They provide traditional round table which many people can seat together.

This is my first time dining at Chou's Kitchen, and, surely, I'll visit it next time. I'm glad to find a Chinese restaurant that provide genuine traditional foods. I would like to try some Handmade Appetizers and Clay Pots next time! 
If you're still hesitate whether to try or not, it's definitely the right place explore Chinese cuisine.笑
The green onion pancakes are wonderful!
Any dish that has noodles is going to be remarkable.  
Judging from how many Chinese customers they have, I fee comfortable in the authenticity of this terrific little restaurant!!笑
First visit came early on a Saturday night and got seated promptly.  All the dishes were spot on extremely authentic and spectacular .   Xiao lung bao( soup dumplings) were juicy and great.   Beef pies were fabulous.   Stir fried tofu pork and celery was exactly how my grandma used to make it.笑
Best Chinese food I've had in the valley so far! I've been reading reviews on Phx New Times and searching for good Chinese food. I'm  so tired of the really greasy warmed over weird meat overly salty Chinese food I've had in the valley. Chou's had really good reviews so we went to the one in Tempe. 

There were a lot of Chinese families eating there so I took that as a Good sign the food will be pretty darn delicious and authentic. 

We were seated promptly and ordered the beef pies, pork xiao long bao, won ton noodle soup, and beef chow mein. The beef pies are to die for! Savory, juicy, piping hot, and crispy yet soft! Wow these were good! 

The won ton noodle soup was really yummy. You can tell they used a bone broth in the soup which adds more flavor overall. The pork xiao long bao came out hot, I waited for it to cool down and took a bite of these little pieces of heaven. They had a wonderful little meatball inside with delicious juice that explodes with flavor in your mouth! I had 8 of them before I had to call it quits. There's 10 total. 

The beef chow mein was also really great! The noodles were perfectly al dente, the perfect amount of oil and sauce, and so much flavor! I'm already craving more. Don't hesitate to eat here!笑
Best Chinese food we've had in awhile here in the Tempe area. Great prices.笑
LOVED it!!! As a Malaysian-Chinese person, it tasted authentic and not whitewashed (you get what I mean). I ordered spicy claypot pork with chilies and wowzaaaa it packed a punch but they gave me a good large sized serving AND it had a bunch of rice too with it! :D I savored every bite. There was a lot left over too, which was AWESOME! I highly approve of this place. Yummy affordable Chinese food!!! I'm SOLD! Need to come here everyday now haha. My bf (who's American) ordered Mongolian beef and we both thought it was delicious. I find it hard to find good Chinese food that is authentic so this was such a find! Thanks to my bf for bringing me here on our date! Great service as well. Food came in a timely fashion and staff were neat and polite! :)笑
My husband and I stopped here for lunch. We walked in and saw the lunch menu board which was written I Chinese, but the price was not. so I asked the waiter what the lunch special was, he told me in one word ( I think) and walked away. I don't speak Chinese. so this was not helpful to me.  there was about 5 tables in the restaurant, not too busy. but service was slow. took awhile to take our order. when our order came out my husbands came first, then mine and our appetizers. my husband had fried rice and I had Kung Pao chicken, with spring rolls as a appetizer. again service was slow, even getting our check.笑
I eat at their location in Chandler often, I love the food. I was very excited about this location opening. I just had a very off putting interaction with the man who answered the phone when I tried to get a menu so that we could do a work group order. There's no menu on line. When I was asked if they could fax me a menu I was told no.  I told him that without a menu that we could not order from them, he said that was fine with him.  I don't think I will be going to this location if that's the way someone who is trying to give them business is treated. I am very disappointed.笑
Good food and friendly service but the men's room could use some cleaning action. I'm glad to see some good Chinese food in our part of town.笑
What..... what..... why? I've been to the other location of Chou's (which I thought was ok) and couldn't resist the temptation of XLB in Tempe.... but no. The husband and I ordered the xiao long bao and a spicy beef dish. I love XLB...they're one of my very favorite foods. This one was a huge disappointment. The flavor was just.... off. So much so.... that we didn't finish them. This never NEVER has happened to me. Maybe there was just something off the day we went, but it was awful. The beef was dry and lacked flavor. It was fairly expensive (more than the Chandler location). I'd go elsewhere in the future.笑
the WORST service EVER!!! I was never greeted at the door I was left standing there for a out 5 mins like an idiot. so I sat myself since there was no sign that says *please wait to be seated* ... 
I tried to make eye contact with any of the servers ... no luck.. I saw one of the girls checking her phone and attending to other customers... 
getting agitated at this point I waved my hand and said *excuse me get I get a menu* 
finally ! I ordered the steamed dumplings with the 1st waiter and said I'll think of what to order later but for now I'll start off with the dumplings.... she took my order and never came back I made my final order with another server 
there were 2 college girls who came in way after me sitting next to me who ordered the same dumplings ... they got theirs before me ... 
finally I get all my food, before I was finished the server  (mind u no one has ever stopped by if everything was OK or if I needed anything) gives me a check and says thank u ...
WTF of course I give the check back to the server and said I wanted to make another order to go ... 
the end 

so ratings on the food ... not impressed 2 at most out of 5 the *soup* dumpling #120 on the menu had little to almost almost no soup .. the dumplings itself very small, flavor of the dumplings good 5 out of 5 for taste 

mapo tofu not bad 3 out of 5 

restaurant itself very clean 

would I come back? maybe not to dine in.. I'll probably take it to go ...笑
I got the pork dumplings; my wife got the kung pow chicken. We both ate, then came home and had almost immediate diarrhea. I think we can go ahead and safely check this place off of our list.笑
My favorite Chinese restaurant in this area. Good food, good environment, good service, good price.笑
Tried Chou's for the first time today.  Appreciated the above Yelp reviews bc they were all spot-on and helpful.  

Since I went with my little girl only, couldn't do what I wanted to do which was order several dishes to share.  Instead, I just tried some of the recommendations of other Yelpers.  Tried the cucumber and garlic salad #2, and the pork soup dumplings #120, with a side of white rice.  

The dumplings were delicious with the dipping sauce.  Perfectly cooked and very filling.  When I saw the size of the cucumber salad, I didn't think I'd be able to eat much, however it was yummy and I ended up scarfing it completely.

The food definitely deserved 5/5 stars.  I agree with other Yelpers that the service was slow, however the servers were very kind and helpful when I had questions.  

Will definitely return, and soon.  Next time plan to take another adult with me to share a few other dishes.  Can't emphasize enough how delicious, fresh, and clean my food tasted.   

Update 10/29/16 returned for a second try last night, had to get the dumplings again bc they're amazeballz.  Also tried the Mongolian beef and the kung pao chicken.  I liked both and had plenty for leftovers .

Last update, I promise.  11/7/16.  Came and tried the  House Special Noodles and the Garlic Eggplant (#87).  Both were delish and I'm stuffed.  Beef pie was excellent too!笑
Great food and very nice people.  We were warmly greeted upon arrival, served quickly, and the food was delivered in series to ensure we could enjoy each course without food getting cold.  we will return.笑
I really like this place! Super affordable, quick service, and great food! I ordered a green onion pancake, pork dumplings, and eggplant w/ pork. They were all really good and I had lots of leftovers to take home. I can't wait to return here and try other things on their menu!笑
This place is bomb. Big portions, super reasonable prices, every time I come here I order something random because it's a huge menu but everything is always great. Fave chinese restaurant hands down.笑
Shanghai dumplings are excellent.  Just a great menu, excellent service and rock-bottom prices.笑
Great food, great service.
Grew up in Hawaii and have seriously missed some solid Chinese food. Highly recommend this place!笑
The Tempe store carries on the good food quality of the original store, with a newer interior touch. Soup dumplings(aka xiao long bao) are awesome. They also did a good job on some rare to find dishes, such as chilies fried intestines. If you are an adventurous foodie, don't miss it.笑
I was very happy to find a restaurant with such a good variety of choices out there near Phoenix. I searched xiao long bao and this restaurant popped up. Food was delicious and had a homemade taste and service was friendly. The only real downside was that their xiao long bao were not as juicy as I had hoped for, but did the job anyway.笑
Wow! My lovely and accommodating wife and I came here on a whim. I am always looking for Chinese food like you find in China. American style Chinese food is good, but the real thing from China is so much better. The place at the Chinese cultural center is good but this place is as good or better and it's cheaper and more accessible. 

This is the real deal if you want Chinese food that is just like you would find in Beijing. I used to live in Beijing, China for about 10 years and this place does Chinese food just like the northern Chinese do it. So delicious! I can't believe my luck in finding this place. Another good sign: by the time we left, the place was packed, and we were the only non-Asian people there. 

This is the only place I have found in the valley that has xia long bao or "soup dumplings". And it is as good or better than the famous place in LA. The broth was so flavorful and delicious. It was a tad difficult getting the dumplings out of the steamer so be careful or it will tear and the soup will leak out. What I have been doing that works is that when the steamer comes out, I immediately move the dumplings around so that they don't stick as they cool. Makes it way easier to get them out without tearing and loosing all the "soup".

We also had the twice cooked Pork.  Delicious. The pork belly was cooked beautifully and it also had dried pressed tofu in it which was very nice variation.

We also had green beans with minced pork. A tad overcooked, but still delicious. 

On our second visit we had a delicious cold dish or sliced cucumbers in a garlic sauce. Be sure to get this. A huge portion and so flavorable. The garlic was not sharp so don't worry.

On the second visit we also has the eggplant in chili garlic sauce. Nicely sweet, but not over so and just the right amount of sauce. My wife loves it and she doesn't like spicy food so it was mild.

The rice was good and everything comes with more than enough rice. 

The service was 5/5. The wait staff were all from northern China provinces and spoke wonderful English. 

This location has only been open since August, they are off to a wonderful start. 

Food 5/5. Overall 5/5. I am soooo happy that I have finally found a place to satisfy my real Chinese food cravings.笑
This is the closest thing to authentic tasting Chinese I've found in Tempe. The mapo tofu is AMAZING. The wonton soup is the best I've ever had. The Kung pao chicken is the best I've ever had. Seriously everything I've eaten here is the best I've ever had , with the exception of the mapo tofu because I've eaten it at another restaurant in Houston, Tx and it was the same quality. If you are looking for very Americanized Chinese food look elsewhere, but if you want the real deal this is the place to go. The staff is also very friendly and the restaurant is clean.笑
Good authentic northern chinese food. Easy to find in a strip mall. Parking places abundant. The food is good. We got the wonton soup, chicken fried rice, beef chow mien, string beans with minced pork and of course xiao long pow. Clean establishment with booths for families. 
Truthfully the food is ok. I prefer spicier food and I thought the food was bland. Unfortunately I have had xiao long pow in Asia and this is a pale imitation. 
However, my family liked it and I will be back. The beef chow mien is not worth the money. Lots of noodles, very little dry, deep fried beef strips. Maybe the Chandler branch is better. Staff very friendly, Bathrooms good.