This is simply the best Halal chicken in town guaranteed. Actually I would say that this is the best chicken in town period!笑
The chicken was incredible - very juicy, well marinated, tasty and really light.   Meaning i can eat a lot of the chicken without feeling heavy afterwards.  I highly recommend this unique place.笑
Food is good and tasty, quantity is OK but its relatively expensive.
What I don't like most, is that you have to order before you sit and pay the tips in advance for  something you didn't try, the worst is the look you get from the cashier if you didn't tip on a take-away order, this is really rude :)笑
We were walking down St Catherine and decided to stop here for a mid-afternoon snack.  I've read about the great Portuguese chicken places in Montreal, but didn't pick a specific place beforehand.  I am glad we randomly stumbled into this place.  We ended up trying the poutine, which was really good, it had the perfect amount of sauce/cheese to fries ratio.  We also tried the star attraction, the peri peri chicken.  We order the 1/4 chicken (i.e. thigh and leg) with the medium hot sauce, it was disappointingly small (see picture below), although it was tasty, and we weren't too hungry, so I guess it's not a big deal.  We also tried the garlic sauce, which was delicious and also tasted well with the poutine.  I wanted to try the Portuguese egg tart, unfortunately it was sold out.  

The woman behind the counter was very nice and brought the food out to our table when it was ready.  It was pretty great service for a fast food place.笑
Chicken is tasty but the wait time is horrendous. Came on a Sunday afternoon for a Kebab takeaway. Waited more than 20mn and the restaurant was empty!!笑
Halal Peri Peri long time awaited ! The menu is very diversified and they offer multiple choices of marination for the chicken ! For those who do not like anything spicy i recommend the lemon/herb seasoning ! The food is good, great place for a group as the offer family platters ! They also do catering and ive personally experienced it ! In restaurant i believe they can do a little better in the presentation of the food ! Dont get me wrong the skewer on your plate is very unique and original but when it come to the chicken something is missing, for example the chiken can be served on a bed of fries instead of just having chicken on one plate and the fries on the other (just feels boring and overcrowds the table) imagine the juice from the seasoning of the chicken over your fries ! How much tastier those chips will be :)!!!笑
Wow. Snowy white chicken, just the right amount of sauce, spice level is  perfect . I got the quarter chicken breast (medium spiciness) and spicy rice. I think it's more "spiced" than "spicy rice" since I didn't find it spicy at all, but that isn't to say it wasn't awesome.

But the chicken. Oh the chicken. I couldn't even get a picture because when I came back to my senses, I had devoured it all. Insanely tasty! The medium spiciness is spicy enough to give you a kick but you can still taste everything else on the plate.

On a more serious note, we didn't realize the waitresses actually do some waiting, so we didn't tip when we paid, but left some in their jar. 

And the manager is very friendly and helpful!笑
Came here for lunch with 2 friends and decided to share 2 half chicken meals. We ordered one with their signature spicy sauce (medium heat) and one with their herb and lemon sauce. Things started off a bit on the bad side as we were missing one set of utensils and never got any water, both of which we had to go ask at the counter.

All was forgiven after biting into a piece of their spicy Portuguese chicken. The meat was juicy, moist and packed with an amazing amount of flavour. The herb and lemon half was also pretty good, but definitely a bit lackluster compared to the first half with their trademark sauce.   An option of 2 sides for 5$ was also available and we chose fries and rice in both combos. The rice was decent but the fries were a a little disappointing. Overall still a great experience. 

The prices were ok, maybe a bit expensive compared to other chicken joints. Will definitely visit this restaurant again if I pass by downtown Montreal.笑
I was here some days ago for lunch and ordered their lunch special. The sauce was great but the chicken was not very impressive. It was ok, but not great. Fries can also be better. In a town where you have Portuguese chicken places like Romados and Ma Poule, the bar is set high.笑
The food taste good specially with the Peri  peri sauce.笑
The food is same as Nando's in Toronto. The food is perfect but the only problem is that the place is very noisy.笑
Mmmmmmmm love poulet portugais roti mmmm , les oignons croustillants et la salade choux cremeuse bonne aussi, les frites pas grasses mais un peu molles. Par contre l'air climatisé est tres fort ...笑
Awesome food &great service! The food is fresh and delicious. The chicken pita is flavorful, pita very soft and sexy.笑
Simply excellent!! The espetada really shines, and looks great when served. Will repeat.笑
So I'm on vacation in Montreal and just happened to pass by this brand new restaurant.  They were giving samples of their chicken.  Just one bite and I was hooked.  

The chicken is super tender and flavored perfectly.  I got something called the Fiesta on the menu that's $11.99.  It's very healthy and freshly made too.

Anyways, I'll edit this later since I'm still on vacation.  I wish them well and good luck to the owners.  (They've been open for 2 days) as of this posting.笑
Called for a pickup which took forever for barely anything.

It was 50 dollars for a wrap and salad and a family platter which had nothing but a small salad and a few pieces of chicken.

The place is really clean but extremely empty inside I never see anybody in there.

I will not return do to the fact that they charge 50 dollars for food that should be maybe 25 if they're lucky.笑
Love this place already. Had a sample of the chicken walking by with their garlic sauce and couldn't resist coming back for a meal. The chicken is super tasty and is of great quality. Their peri fries are also delicious. My new go to chicken spot ! Great food and the prices are very reasonable as well.

The staff is also very friendly. The manager made sure to come see us to make sure everything was to out liking which I think is an important touch when you have a new business.笑
Grillado's est un nouveau restaurant sur la rue Sainte-Catherine, spacieux, bien décoré & agencée. Il possède même une terrasse à l'extérieur. Je n'ai pas trop compris comment le restaurant s'organise pour servir les clients mais en résumé le client doit passer sa commande au comptoir et les serveuses te servent à table. Je trouve pas ça très efficace. Ça donne un positionnement flou au restaurant, on ne sait pas si c'est un fast-food ou un restaurant vraiment. À part cela, le poulet est tendre mais assaisonnée partiellement, c'est à dire que tu ne sens pas vraiment les arômes dans le poulet mais plutôt par dessus. Malheureusement, le restaurant ne propose pas de trios.. Si tu choisis deux cuisses, des frites et une boisson ça te revient à environ 15$ .. Je trouve ça un peu cher surtout qu'il n'y a pas de grandes portions (à emporter en tout cas) . C'était surtout pour goûter mais je ne pense pas y retourner.笑
Here for vacation, found this place when they were giving out free samples.  
Great if u like grilled chicken 
different than the typical halal places 
They got the spicy thing right 
Reasonable prices 
Quick service and Freindly staff笑
Food was really good the price was okay the bill ca,e up to 40 - 45 $ 
My boyfriend loved the food so much he ended up eating some of my plate .. 

I recommend coming here ..笑
I had supper there last night and I love it. Chicken kababs just melt in your mouth.. You can choose your spice from mild to 911. Chicken is Organic! Love it!笑
Came here for dinner after a long flight from Calgary, great place. We had 2 kids with us and the restaurant has a family friendly vibe going, we ordered a whole chicken with 2 large sides between us and it was delicious. Kids were ecstatic when  the owner gave us complimentary ice cream too at the end of the meal.

 Hurry up and open in Calgary already!笑
Portions are tiny for what you're paying, food very average. Have zero desire to ever return. Very disappointing..  Poule Mouille , Romados and Portugalia are 1000x times better, but unfortunately on the other side of town笑
Small portions. Ordered grilled chicken kebab with two side dishes and garlic bread. Food was good and The Greek salad was really refreshing and well seasoned. The service was not warm and seemed like no one would clean the dirty tables笑
Place looks very clean and helpful staff! They have a good variety of food on the menu and a good student special.笑
I had heard great things about their wraps so my boyfriend and I stopped in for a bite. I grabbed the 1/4 chicken ($5) + the potato wedges ($3) while he ordered the brochette ($10) and peri fries ($3). After two canned iced teas it came to $25, since it was counter service with some table serving effort we rounded it to $30. 

The wait time wasn't too bad, but we were disappointed the minute the plates were dropped at the table. We had assumed the brochette would be beef from the description when in fact it was chicken. Wouldn't be so bad if we didn't pay $10 for two meh sized sticks of chicken if it came with a side salad or fries or something. We also got regular fries (that were cold) rather than the ones ordered but wasn't a huge deal. I was happy with the flavor and juiciness of the chicken and the potato wedges would only have been improved by a little less of the very salty seasoning they use. Still tasty. 

Overall the place didn't have the bang-for-your-buck factor but if you come as a family and grab the full chicken and a few sides I can see how the value would improve. Next time I'll just try the wrap. 

The reason I can guarantee I'll be back to try it is that as one of about 10 tables in the restaurant, the manager came to speak with us before we left to see if we enjoyed our meal or had any feedback. He was very kind and very open to feedback which was a really nice touch. 

It's a 3 star, but it's a positive 3 star.笑
We came here because it was on the way to the apartment where we were staying in Downtown. The ratings were great so I thought why not. Obviously I should have been a bit alarmed by the low number of ratings. Canadians aren't up to reviewing much, obviously.

The place is nice and big enough. There was no line and there were only three more couples beside us. Order was super fast (one star), they speak English, but the menu is in French, only the server has one in English (at least that was what happened in our case). 

I ordered a Double Kebab without a side and my husband ordered a Caesar Salad ($5). Funny enough that one came with a side of fries. Weird. The portions were too small for the price in my opinion. The Kebab especially. It's $8 and you get about 8 pieces of meat with nothing else, unless you pay another $3 for a side dish (rice, fries,...).

The food was tasty though (second star), no complaints there, but we won't be returning, that's for sure.笑
Simple review- 
"Nandos copy" 
Okay service 
Okay food 
Okay vibe 
Okay price 
Washroom needs repair work. 
Spice level needs improvement.笑
this place was so average. i got half a chicken with spicy rice and peri peri fries as sides. the rice was literally rice with turmeric flavoring. what a bunch of nonsense. the chicken itself was pretty bland, although the bbq sauce that I put on it did help. I also had a bit of the chicken sandwich which looked like something i would put together at home. very average and not memorable.笑
For a quick Portuguese chicken, Grillado isn't a bad place. Service is alright. The chicken are good and the fries are delicious too. But do not have high expectations. It's not your regular piri piri spice chicken. As I said, for a quick grab, it is a decent place.笑
Trés déçu. J'ai commandée une petite salade grecque avec lanières de poulet. La petite salade qui m'a coutée 15$ avait deux olives, quelques morceaux de tomates en dés, deux petits flocons de fromage fêta et le reste était composé de laitue! Je m'attendais à une vrai salade grecque qui normalement ne contient pas de laitue romaine que je n'ai malheureusement pas eu! Rapport qualité prix ce restaurant est nul, je comprend maintenant pourquoi c'est toujours vide.笑
We came here after a tiring day of on the slopes of Mt. Tremblant, hoping to replenish the great deal of energy that was burnt earlier that day.  For dinner, we ordered the most popular dish on the menu - the Peri Peri chicken. As a second entree, we picked the BBQ spareribs since it was recommended to us by the greeter/owner. On the taste side, the Peri Peri chicken definitely did not disappoint: it was hard to find a piece of meat that is more tender, moist, and most of all, flavorful. Ours also came with a kick, adding to the flavor was a generous rub of hot sauce and spice. The sides that accompanied the entree were more than enough for a starving party of two. But speaking of the BBQ spareribs, I do have my reservations: I did not like the fact that the meat lacked taste, which I found to be mildly flavorful ,and that the meat-to-bone ratio was rather disappointing given it is priced at that of a full-on entree. Nevertheless, I couldn't find a flaw in the star of the day, Peri Peri chicken, and this is why I would come to Grillado's again after a day of skiing.