Been looking forward to having an option in city place to the crappy service at the Fox & Fiddle Cityplace and have to say, way better! Only had drinks but great atmosphere, nice decor and pricing was decent for drinks. 

Staff was nice and courteous too.笑
Came here on our last night of vacation. We had low expectations. It was pleasantly better than we had thought. We sat outside for dinner and drinks. Our server was prompt and when she wasn't sure how to answer my wine questions she checked with the bartender and was right back. There was some local wine (yay for local) I was asking about. We ordered a bottle of the local Pinot Grigio wine (it could have been slightly more chilled). 
Food was great. I had a lobster pasta dish and my friend had the mac n cheese burger. Both were great and unique dishes.
Great service, great food, great ambiance (we sat outside in the patio)!
Thx!笑
Nice place to watch hockey, it's quite loud there. I like the interior.
We had some burgers, they were good enough but nothing special. House wine was really good! 
If you wanna go to some bar (but not Jack Astor's) this place is what you are looking for.笑
Great food, great atmosphere looking forward to patio season. Try the calamari and Landings Salada笑
Are you made of money? If the answer is yes, you should probably stop by this place for a drink...although if you are made out of money then you probably would go to places that are more posh....right? So where does this leave us? A place for the yuppies with a bit of cash to burn and wants to be cool.

$32 for two drinks after tax and tips. No food, just two cocktails. Okay the atmosphere is cool but how did it end up burning a hole in my pocket?笑
Every time I go to Hunters Landing for lunch or dinner my experience is always extraordinary.  The service is exceptional and each dish I've tried there has been truly delicious. This is my favourite Toronto restaurant for those reasons, not to mention the urban chic ambiance. When I have friends visiting from out of town or when I want to celebrate a special occasion, this is where I want to be. Reasonable prices too. This is exactly what a restaurant should be in my opinion. I highly recommend you go and see for yourself!!笑
Please note: My review is only based on drinks and atmosphere I have never eaten any food at Hunter's Landing... 

Now, I have been to Hunters Landings quite a few times for drinks as well as for some business meetings. 
 
Surface is extremely friendly and waiters do know the menu quite well. The venue is gorgeous and the location is very convenient, however, if you are looking for parking nearby, good luck!

In the summertime, The patio is the most awesome place in liberty Village! The DJ usually spends very nice deep house.笑
A great place to land before, during, or after a Jays game, or any other event in the area. They give away Jays tickets on game days for the next game as well. They have a really big patio and had live music on this particular Saturday evening after the game. I want to come back for brunch to try the Landing Cure, but I did try one of their regular Caesar's and it was good. I saw Mac & Burger on the menu and I just had to try it. I was not disappointed, it was delicious. The pizza also looked good so I might try it next time. And who can resist the $3 shots of Fireball any day of the week. Overall great atmosphere to hang out for some food and drinks with friends.笑
We visited on a Tuesday evening at 7:00 PM, as part of a large party of around 20 people, more or less.

First, parking (on a weekday). Street parking in close vicinity of the restaurant is $2.25 per hour until 9:00 PM. It looks like parking is free after 9:00 PM.

Second, the food. We ordered: a) the chimichurri chicken pizza at $16, b) the fish tacos (appetizer size, which is 3 tacos) at $13, and one Pepsi. The food came quickly, and was, to my surprise, delicious. The fish tacos were surprisingly not slathered in batter, and were perfectly light and flavourful - you could actually taste the fish (hence, being fish tacos, after all). We also had a taste of the dirty fries, which were perfectly crispy - but, if I had one complaint, it could have used more sauce (parts of the platter were all dry fry, with very little topping). For two people, our total, with the automatic large-party gratuity, was $41.72.

Lastly, the service. For a group our size, I'm surprised at how pleasant the service was. Our server was gracious, friendly, and attentive for most of our meal. While the wait for our bills was a little long, I still have to commend the above-average service for a group our size.

Overall,  a good experience. And if you're looking for a spot to host a larger group for a birthday or special occasion,  this spot could very well be an option for you!笑
Patio vibes are great but the corridor does get pretty windy. Portions average but mine coming with naan as a sandwich makes up for it :) Arugula super fresh and delicious. Fries are awesome. Sandwich was supposed to come with chipotle aioli but had ranch(?) instead? Mac and cheese burger just as it sounds.笑
I was excited to come here and experience the food as this used to be in The Shops at Don Mills as a restaurant with the embattled Rand McNally bookstore.  This spot was nice and lots of room for sitting and chatting over food.  Service was great and the servers were attentive but not intrusive.  However the food was just not good.  It missed something in flavour or quality of ingredients.  

I had the pork belly starter and all I had were pork gristle, which was tough and chewy.  Then the lamb tagliatelle was bland instead of rich and I kept trying to dig deeper in the bowl perchance there might be more flavour.  The dessert we had which was a caramel something was also not super memorable.

So would I come here again?  For food, absolutely not.  For drinks with friends?  Maybe as long as we stick to fries.


Therefore笑
Excellent service, our server was male, black, about 5'10", slim build, in his mid 40's but looks younger than his age.  I cannot commend him more on his service.  Too bad I cannot remember his name.  I came back here for my birthday and we requested him to serve us as we had experienced his service before, and we were super impressed with his professionality and excellence as our server.

Food, too, was excellent, excellent cut of steak, cooked perfectly, I have had it twice now and both times it was done perfect medium rare.  Fresh cut fries, my favourite... fresh, cut, and double fried.  Have been there enough times to try all their appetizers, each one done well, nothing overlooked, I commend the chef of the restaurant for keeping attention to detail and quality of food as it goes out.  I also commend the kitchen staff for keeping all the food consistent and tabling food timely.  had a party of 16, everyone was impressed.

brunch is good, a bit overpriced but this is expected when you look at this place... a little more ritzy than your average bar, everyone hired to work there is physically beautiful, awesome lighting, atmosphere is cool and sexy, decor is modern and chic. 

not my normal cup of tea... but can't say no to a good steak.  probably best steak in this area.

4 stars out of 5笑
Great patio and friendly staff. The perfect place for a quick bite or drink after work. The kind of neighbourhood spot that is needed in the area. Recommend it for casual dining and drinks.笑
This was probably the most expensive shitty meal I've ever eaten. I waited to be served for 20 minutes then waiting 20 minutes for nachos and another 15 minutes for our food. There was no salad dressing on my side salad and my turkey burger with a lettuce bun was a sad mess. Them we waited 50 minutes for our bill and all the prices were all wrong and not divided properly. I would've rather went to subway. Thanks but no thanks.笑
Delicious food- fresh raspberry jam! Lovely atmosphere. the chocolate cake was outstanding.  Service staff are friendly and accommodating- while still figuring things out .  Highly, highly recommend this place.笑
Went there for drinks with a friend who was visiting Toronto. I had a white sangria, which was watered down...i could not taste the alcohol. It tasted just like water and nothing else. It was terrible.笑
snobby hostess and waitresses.
service was bad.
Lobster tail caesar was actually worth it maybe just for once. Don't expect any good service.笑
Will return!! 
I went there today for my birthday. We ordered the Caesar cocktail. It was the best Caesar I've ever had!! We decided to share the pizza. It was amazing. I left very happy. Staff were friendly. Food was delicious! Not greasy. They offered heavier options which I like to see. Restaurant had a great atmosphere. I look forward to returning on a hot day, and trying out their fabulous patio.笑
Everybody loved the food, the servers were passionate and the place was buzzing. Fish tacos, fried chicken, butter chicken , Mac and cheeseburgers all very satisfying. Calzone was a little blown up but all good fun at the Landing. If you can park at meters for quick release from ballgame traffic if your going west.笑
Really liked this place, went to have dinner and enjoy the Superbowl with some friends and we had a great time.

I ordered the chimichurri chicken pizza, it was a good portion and thin crust, so perfect for me. It was very tasty, although the chicken was a bit overcooked and dry,  but it did not ruin the pizza because the chimichurri sauce made it very juicy. My spouse ordered the calzone, it was huge, tasty and came with separate tomato sauce.

Like said it was a Superbowl event and you can imagine how packed this place was, but still the service was great, attentive and food & drinks were served surprisingly quick.

Will come back to try more appetizers and brunch options :)笑
If you want to pay $26 for pitiful nachos then come here. They were really some of the worst I've had

I still gave three stars because their menu is very GF friendly which is refreshing and their wings and GF desserts are delicious.笑
I will most likely never come back to this place again unless it is for drinks and more drinks.... cuz really you cannot screw up Drinks.  The food tasted horrible. Everything our group ordered from the pizza, pasta, fries, chicken wings, burgers, and almost everything else had no flavor and no taste. I am not sure if the chef was having a bad day or maybe they ran out of seasoning for all of the food but we were seriously disappointed.

Also this place seems poorly managed seeing as how our server was trying the best she could but freely admitted that they were short staffed. She had "some" help with people running drinks for her but there was clearly a lack of communication as we waited quite awhile for our drinks. There was also a pretty big spill on the floor near our table and it took a total of 1 hour for someone to come and mop it up after our server literally fell and another server almost slipped....I get the place is busy but how long does it take for a manager to get a mop to protect his servers?

Anyways, the set up and patio are decent but if you are hungry just make sure you eat before you come here.笑
I am a fan of this place.. its definitely a destination location as it is truly in the middle of condo land!  The food was great, I have been here a few times...I have enjoyed the curry chicken, Turkey Burger, Steak Salad (amazing!) and last night I had the Chicken Gemelli Pasta... very good!  The service was good in the bar area.  The only complaint I have is the mixed drinks (as someone already mentioned) are DEFINITELY watered down.  Not worth it at all.. stick with bottle beer or wine.  Its too bad because that was the only issue.笑
I would give them a 5 but unfortunately every single time I've been here the service IS SO SLOW . Food is amazing but you can't even get a drink unless you go up to the bar yourself .笑
While vacationing in Toronto, I wanted to check out this Bloody Cesar thing I kept hearing about. After digging through local lists, the garnish at Hunters Landing and close walk from Ice Condos got me in the door.

Maybe i'm a bit more used to Mary than Cesar, but the drink was kind of bland. The garnish more than made up for it. Never had a lobster tail, a slice of pizza, bacon, and mozzarella in a drink.

We tried a few other drinks and even stole the recipe for the Whiskey Mule, which has become a constant weekend drink at home. 

On the food side, the Mac and Cheese Burger and Poutine made a good layer of carbs to isolate the alcohol from my stomach so the day could continue and not end in an alley. The drinks were the most memorable things here, the food was an afterthought for me.

I really wish the outside patio was open, but early April is really pushing it up north to open up outside. Next time i'm in town, i want to give it a try.笑
I lived across the street at Fort York and ended up here many times strictly out of convenience.  The service was always terrible.  One of the waitresses who served me on multiple occasions is extremely condescending and always looks disgusted or stressed out.  She was training a new server at one point and it was horrid watching her.  The food is extremely overpriced.  The menu selection is bland and the food is never memorable.  It's unfortunate because they have a great location for locals and the actual venue is great.  The patio is wonderful in the summer when it is open.  It's definitely worth it to walk another five minutes to King West for a better experience.笑
I came here with my friends on Friday night  and we had a good night out. The large restaurant pulsated loudly with popular music, while young people met and mingled. Ambience was very modern and trendy.  

One of my friends and I both had the Chicken Gemelli and it was very flavourful and satisfying and the portion size was just right. I requested some hot sauce with my dish and it was house made and extremely delicious. Another friend had the Paella and enjoyed it, as well.

Unfortunately, the desserts were a little lacklustre. My friend was unable to finish her Sugar Bomb, which were deep fried donuts with sauce. I had the Aka Chocolate Cake and it was very chocolatey, albeit a little hard. 

Service was good and I will be back again!笑
This place has incredibly terrible service.  The food is decent, but you're going to spend so long waiting for your server to come around to take your order, then so long for the food to actually come that you'll wish you went somewhere else.  When they finally did get around to bringing us our orders, they only served half the table, and forgot to bring the rest of the meal out until we flagged them down and asked for it.笑
I usually enjoy this place but it seems lacking as of late.  Running out of daily deals but not letting the hostess aware, we sat down and tried ordering oysters on Sunday and they were sold!  We had asked before being seated and confirmed it was on!  

Waitresses focused only on the "men" 

This place is quickly becoming a Moxie.  Too bad, location is great!笑
We've had several group dinners here now and the staff have been for the most part really really good.  Overall the food is decent and sometimes that's all you need.

However, ordered a pizza here and they brought it to me uncut.  No biggie.  They brought it back, but in all the confusion (we had a large group) they didn't bring it back.  After I asked for it, they finally did and it was in total about 20 minutes later and my za was stone cold.  Felt bad, but asked them just to top it up with sauce and reheat it.  I swear I'm no diva, all I want from my pizza is that it's hot, and sliced.

They quickly brought me a fresh za, which was awesome.  After two bites, I realized they were missing my smoked bacon on my smoked bacon and pineapple pie.  Ok, so I technically want three things from my za.. hot, sliced and with the ingredients I ordered.  I know, I know.. call me Mariah.

Anyways, third time was the charm.  They did comp me.. and luckily I got to mooch off other people's food or else if I had to wait the one and a half hours for my za I would have freaked.

So the three stars are totally for my server, who handled it well.笑
I came for a late lunch on a weekday and was pleasantly surprised. There was a fantastic music selection and solid beer choices as well. We split fish tacos and nachos, neither of which were earth shattering but both were pretty good. Nachos are definitely enormous and good, very standard nachos. The fish tacos were okay but could have used more pizzaz, perhaps a chipotle sauce? We had fantastic and friendly service on a quiet weekday afternoon.笑
Hunter's Landing: Cityplace's little secret 

Opened more than a year ago, it's already becoming a favourite dine out experience for many Cityplace residents. Opened by Steve Pelton, Peter Brauti, John Young and Scott Manicom whose claim to fame were the once, South of Temperance and Williams Landing. All the owners are very much part of our community. Steve even lives here!

For those still unfamiliar with the location, it is one block West of Sobey's on Fort York Blvd. and overlooks the beautifully landscaped Canoe Landing park. You can get a better view from the mezzanine.

Right upfront, the place isn't inexpensive but the menu is certainly unique. I've heard great things about the calamari, though haven't tried it. My #1 pick on the menu would definitely be the brunch, Hunter's Benedict. The lobster makes all the difference. Check out the menu at http://hunterslanding.ca/menu.

The atmosphere is lively and vibrant, you may be able to get a cozy spot on the mezzanine but around the bar is where the action is. Service is absolutely awesome. Very friendly and responsive staff especially if you're looking for chatty. 

Their New Years Eve party was really classy and fun, unlike any of the usual clubs downtown. Excellent crowd. Would definitely be going there again.

So whether you're there for a lazy morning brunch, a time-to-kill lunch or a dinner evening with friends, this place transforms itself to meet the occasion.笑
Slow / lacklustre service offsets the good food. Tried giving this place the benefit of the doubt many times and they always disappoint!笑
Friends and I came here after the Jays Game. Very busy place. Long wait. Nice set up and big windows. The patio was big. Waitress had an attitude. Waters had funky stuff in it. We asked to get new waters and waitress was fine with it but the new ones didn't look any different. No toilet paper in women's washroom. The food was overpriced for what you get but still good. I had the tuna salad and I must say the tuna was really a rare type. Overall, this place wasn't anything special but we all had a good time still!笑
Went to the newly opened and much anticipated hunters landing restaurant on this past Monday. Impressed by the ambiance, and customer services, while underwhelmed by the food.
Ordered the fish tacos for appetizer, or shall we call it the slaw tacos. It was huge, however, all I could taste was the jicama slaw and grilled pineapple, it was very sweet. The fish inside the taco was very small, no wonder I couldn't taste it, because there wasn't any. For main courses, hubby had the landing burger with fries, and I had the paella. The burger was juicy and well charred. It was tasty, however, it reminded me of the quarter pounder from McDonald's.  My dish was beautifully presented, all the seafood was very well done, not overcooked at all. The issue was the rice, it tasted like overcooked risotto, very starchy and mushy. For desert, our lovely waitress sold us on the sugar bomb. Again I was disappointed. I was told the donuts were gonna be crunchy on the outside and fluffy in the inside. It was really doughy and not very flavorful. The restaurant was nice enough and took it off our check.
However, the service at the restaurant saved the day. Our waitress was very professional and attentive, and so was the manager. Came back and checked on us every so often. I'm very excited about the opening of this restaurant, beautiful patio, and nice bar. Food definitely needs some improvement. Can't wait to come back for the brunch Caesar, which is suppose to come with a lobster tail and beef slider  :)笑
Checked this place out with my girlfriend and have to say the place is not worth it.  They obviously spent a lot of money on the decor which looks great but the prices are through the roof to pay for it! Food quality is mediocre at best. $4 for a croissant!  $5 for two scones (too dry by the way). Berry parfait with Greek yogurt was runny (should be thick) and next to no granola.笑
Cool, hip and close to Cityplace. Looking for a place to spend some time with friends, then this place is for you. Food is great and the drinks are priced competitively. The crowd is a mix of 20 to 30 somethings and the service is fast and friendly. I would say its more of sports bar lounge bar than trendy bar. The decor is very warm and inviting and its a great place to have a drink on a cold evening.笑
I came here for a friends birthday and to my surprise, the food wasn't all that great. They do have have a great outdoor patio and 2nd floor view but it doesn't make up for the night we had.  

I ordered a bottle of wine which was presented nicely (I don't really care much for that as I'm low maintenance) and food orders and drinks were taken promptly at the beginning.

We ordered the lobster dip and to be honest, it wasn't that great. It was bland with lobster pieces but VERY bland. We still ate it and didn't want to cause a stink about it.

Then the main course came out and man, were we disappointed. I ordered a cesaer salad with salmon and my boyfriend ordered a pasta dish. His dinner plate was so bland. No seasoning, no pepper. Nothing. My cesaer was fine (how can you screw up a Cesar salad?) But the salmon was WAY too salty. By the time I got into half my salmon my tongue was starting to feel numb. So I gave half my salmon to my boyfriend to mix into his pasta to get some flavour.

Our other friend ordered their daily special, which was a fancy steak. However, he's a chef himself and was not pleased with the food either. He said it was bland, no taste, no seasoning, nothing. We made a hint that was pretty obvious but the server completely ignored our comments and walked away filling water.

By the end of the night, we were feeling full but unsatisfied. The service lacked by the end and they also charged us 18% service charge which we thought was steep due to the lack of service and the fact that the food sucked ass.笑
I came here on a Saturday night for an early dinner with my mom and boyfriend. I loved the look of the place when we walked in and were quickly seated. Both me and mom weren't really hungry, so we got the classica pizza and landing salad and shared it. We both really liked what we had. The pizza was nice and thin, which I like, and was topped with the perfect amount of toppings. Boyfriend got the landing burger with a poutine and said it might be the best burger he'd had in a while. Service was good; fast and friendly.
When I like a particular item, I'm tempted to always order the same thing when I return to a restaurant, but they've got so many dishes on the menu I want to try. I'll definitely be back for more.笑
For the price of the food, very small portions. Service slow. We stayed for an over priced meat and cheese platter appetizer and a martini that probably had half an oz of liquor in it, and then left. Will never return.笑
This is a cool neighbourhood joint!! 

Im nor much a of. Pubber, beer drinker or sports fanatic but i love to just hang and i can comfortably do that there.  

Also the  fact that their food is made in house from scratch is a bonus!!

Coolest feature for u homebodies in city place. ROOOM SERVICE!!! How cool that they deliver. 

Overall i dig it here !!笑
Garbage. This place doesnt know if it wants to have a corporate vibe, hipster feel or sports atmosphere (considering the crazy amount of tvs they have). Theyre also in a pretty obscure location.

Went there only once and the experience was mediocre at best nothing fancy or eye catching. food is Overpriced ofcourse and liquor overiced.

Its called hunters landing for whatever reason, sure doesnt feel like im in one/at one. The menu is the only thing really that keeps up with theme of the name. Apart from that atmosphere/decor is just plain dull.

Def wont be visiting again. Would rather hit up fox and fiddle across the street.

Doubt this place will last.笑
We hosted our annual holiday gathering among friends at Hunters Landing for Sunday brunch. They were super easy to work with and very accommodating to our large group of 26 people (including 2 kids). They placed us in a private area upstairs, a spacious yet intimate area with tons of sunlight all around, it was the perfect environment for our party. To my surprise, they didn't ask us to have a set menu or pay a deposit. Ontop of this, they offered to do separate bills! They kept all of our orders for food and drinks organized despite many of us mingling around. The Hangover Cure Caesar is the King of all Caesars- huge glass decked out with a lobstair tail, pizza slice, smoked mozz, vegetables. Their pizza used to be a brisket slider which was even more extravagant. Ordered the fish tacos this time which were quite appetizing, light and delicious. I loved the lobster Benedict I enjoyed on my previous visit here and will probably order this again next time! This place is a great option for a comfortable, delicious brunch without having to wait too long for a seat or being crammed between other diners, like other popular brunch destinations in the city. Will definitely be coming back, and perhaps trying dinner here next time.笑
Had the fish tacos & they were terrific. Relaxing atmosphere, and very good service. Will come again笑
This venue has to be one of the best lounges I have been to in Toronto! 

The food is amazing! If the dish is not sent to your table within 2 mins it is thrown out! Always hot and I have yet to have a dish that was not delicious. The chicken wings are my favourite so far. They are baked and then flash fried - perfect combo of juicy and crispy. 

The servers are very friendly and the service is great.

I have been waiting for a place of this quality to visit regularly for some time. I see some comments about high prices in other reviews and disagree completely. This type of venue is targeted towards professionals so if you cannot afford it that might be an indication its out of your price range.笑
Came to Hunters Landing this morning for breakfast since I was in the area. They have a pretty sweet patio so we decided to grab a seat there. Service was pretty standard/good. We ordered coffee, ordered breakfast and they checked in time to time to refill our cups. 

Food was average. They don't have a huge selection for breakfast but I got the standard two eggs, bacon (only 2 strips), potatoes and fruit. Fruit was only 3 pieces of cantaloupe which I found pretty deceiving. Most places who offer "fruit" in a description actually give you way more. My friend got pulled pork benny. It just came with potatoes. He thought it was average. It comes on a ciabatta instead of the standard English muffin so it made it hard to cut. 

For sure this place isn't the *it* place for brunch but it was decent and I enjoyed my coffee on the patio. I'll be back when I'm in the city place area for sure.笑
Wanted to enjoy a night here, but it was hard to. The ambience is fantastic, and there are a few selections on menu my party was happy with (1 out of 4 diners liked food) stay away from paella. 

The service was incredibly slow, but server was genial and peppy. If you do have complaints, the gen manager goes the distance to rectify. 

Nothing memorable about this location笑
Forget Front street, Hunters Landing might just be my new favourite Jays pre-game spot. Today, Victoria Day, we weren't sure where to go that would a) be open, and b) not be crazy busy before the game. We ended up winning on both fronts!

Located along Fort York Blvd about 2 blocks west of Spadina, Hunters Landing abides by the standard new Toronto restaurant look which is industrial/vintage. This however doesn't extend to the patio which is modern looking and open - not to mention being in a sweet spot that gets full sun pretty much most of the day (sorry to the close by Fox and the Fiddle which is cast into darkness most of the day).

Today was a lucky day, lucky for one that we nabbed a spot on the patio pretty much right away. And Lucky for another that when we placed an order for one of their specialty brunch drinks known as the Landing Cure (which is their take on a caesar) and scored the last two available - popular drink I guess!

Let's talk about this Cure for a moment... magnificent! A Caesar, made in a 1L beer stein, pumped full of horse-radish, and then topped with (on sticks) a slice of pizza, a lobster tail, chorizo sausage/cheese/giant olive, a piece of smoked bacon, a piece of celery and an extreme bean. Amazing! Everything you could want when you're hungover... and a caesar. That said, the lobster tail didn't exactly smell fresh... in fact after eating it I was debating whether or not I would get sick... but nothing so I dodged  a bullet there!

To eat I went with their Turkey Burger! Fantastic, a thick patty, not dry but very moist, topped with fresh veggies and an incredible aioli of sorts that tied everything together wonderfully - it's been 8 hours and describing it is still filling my mouth with water. Yum! I skipped the fries and went with the Landing salad which was a little over dressed and wet but was still flavourful.

Overall, a great experience - i'll be back again!

Eatcrest Out!笑
Good for drinks and OK food. Not the best service though.笑
My fish tacos were so good! My friends order the margarita pizza which was HUGE and really tasty! When we went, wine bottles were 1/2 off! We had a great night here!笑
Best potatoes and blackberry jam in Toronto !! 

Foods to try: 
1. Landing breakfast 
Such a good deal in my opinion. Around $11 for potatoes (the BEST part), jam (made in house, seriously its to die for), eggs, fruit and sausage. 

2. Nutella French toast 
Self explanatory. Comes with potatoes too! 

3. Hunters Benedict
Lobsters on egg benny?? I've never heard of it but it's so good. Comes with potatoes also!! 

4. Fish tacos 
One of the better fish tacos I've had. I eat a lot of fish tacos so this is a pretty serious statement. 

Hunters is one my favourite places to go, the atmosphere is great. Nice place for brunch and it's never really busy! Highly recommend笑
Terrible Service

Acknowledging it was a Sunny Saturday afternoon we fully intended to have to wait for a patio seat. We put our name on the list and were told the wait would be 30-40 minutes. As we waited close by we noted people who arrived after us get seated but thought it may be due to tables available for their party size. After an hour we inquired how much longer the wait would  but were told people had moved inside and that there wen't seats available however we requested patio seating so it was clear they forgot to call us and there was still no apology. At this point we asked to be seated in doors as it had gotten chilly and were told there were no seats. After citing frustration and debating going elsewhere the staff scrambled to find us seats indoor.

The one bright spot to our evening was our initial host. He greeted us promptly after we were seat and took our orders as our waitress Katrina was still preoccupied.  Katrina brought us our food shortly after and made no introduction or comment to say enjoy your food even as we said thank you.  The bottle of wine we ordered was also not brought until after we were through half our meal even though everything was ordered at the same time. The initial host was the only person to apologize for the wine being late and ask if we needed anything else.  Overall this has been the worst dining experience I've had anywhere and will not be returning to Hunters Landing even though it is in close proximity to where I live.笑
I went on a regular
Friday night.  The place was dead. We requested to be on the first floor but got invited to the second and there was no one there. Food was so so. Staff so so. Won't visit again for sure.笑
We had fantastic breakfast here twice! Coffee was nice and hot, and a good blend. First time I ordered the breakfast board - egg, prosciutto, fruit, toast. It was delicious and filling. Husband had the Hunter Benedict- lobster and braised beef on ciabatta bread with potatoes. Looked good but I don't eat seafood. He said it was delicious.

Second day was butter chicken and charcuterie board for brekkie - butter chicken was awesome. I wish I had ordered two of them. Charcuterie was also good. Best part was honeyed goat cheese.

Delicious enough to go twice on our long weekend, hoping they'll be here next time we are in town.笑
I can only speak on their drinks.  I had a few Lychee Martinis and they were divine and packed a good punch, no water down drinks here. The restaurant has a great patio and bar that is very inviting.  I will come back for sure when I am in Toronto笑
Quite nice for brunch. Good services. 
Ordered smoked salmon benedict, I actually enjoyed the spinach pastry under the salmon more. 
Salmon was a bit salty for me.  Overall was good.笑
Food was great, nice location, service was attentive and helpful! 
We went for brunch and ordered the jogger's breakfast, dirty fries, and the huevos rancheros. 
Huevos rancheros was DELICIOUS!
Jogger's breakfast was a bit sweet for my liking.
The dirty fries said they were vegetarian on the menu, but when it arrived it had chicken sausage on it. It was good nonetheless, but that was annoying to see the change without them having let us know.笑
We stopped in here after a jays game - so my review is definitely not based on a typical night sans jays fans, haha. 
We were able to snag a table at the bar fairly quickly with some quick maneuvers and stalking ppl who were leaving. The wait for the dining room was long - about one hour (to be expected). 
The bar was loud. Very very loud. Again, likely attributed to rowdy fans and being seated in the bar instead of the dining room. I really liked that the menu explicitly indicated what was gluten free by simply putting the symbol beside the meal. Made my life much easier. I had the steak and frites. My steak was more rare than medium rare but still good. The fries were amazing! 
My husband had the chicken curry. He wasn't too impressed and was disappointed to get pita instead of naan, but since he eats authentic curries often, I'm not sure what he was expecting ;) 
The menu prices aren't bad, though I will say you may as well order a meal because apps cost about the same. Drinks are crazy expensive, so I abstained. 
The biggest issue I had was how long we had to wait between seeing our server. Again, likely because of how busy it was. A good experience overall but I'm not sure I'd be back.笑
The decor and ambiance are more like a 4 but the food was slightly disappointing. My husband had the Marghareta pizza which lacked seasoning and flavor, and I had the roasted eggplant with Portabella mushroom sandwich which tasted okay but seemed like it could come from one of the chains like Applebees, or TGI Fridays.....a place where they assemble food not create it.笑
Came back here again 10 months later, very very sad to say they no longer have dirty fries. I got the eggplant burger which was a good vegan options, but not comparable to the fries. Great job on the corn on the cob though, it is amazing. Bring back dirty fries please, no one else does them like they were here. Why you gotta go and break my heart.笑
Second floor gets overly hot when it is packed. Seems almost impossible to get a drink from the bar. I have had pizzas and wings here, food was ok but not worth the wait in the heat. Both patio and inside seatings do not get sufficient attention from the waitresses, always have to wait long for services.笑
Two stars because the manager really did try and fix our issues. Waited 20 minutes before we spoke to a server. We had to stop them ourselves. Got our waters 15 minutes after that. Our food took 45 minutes to come. Seemed like the wait staff was very scattered, no team work apparent. My husbands steak that he ordered medium rare was cold and raw on the inside. He sent it back and just ate the other items on his plate. The rest of our meals were "just ok" a bit cold when they arrived (we were a group of 5) They did remove that item from our bill and gave us a 25% discount. It's not enough to make me ever want to go back.笑
This review will be mostly about the TERRIBLE service I recently experienced. 

We went there for a friend's birthday.  The group was much larger than the last - approximately 15+ people. 

The waiter was by far the WORST waiter there and we were the unlucky group to have him. 

Let me explain why: 
1.  When taking drink orders a friend asked what was on tap, the waiter replies "It's on that list you have in your hand, if you read it, you'd know." - ARE YOU SERIOUS?! 

2.  A friend had to send back a beer because it was warm.  They had reminded the waiter that they were waiting for their beer and when he brought it to her it was warm.  So she asked to send it back for a cold beer, his reply was the bar is pretty hectic and they can't manage right now.  She happened to be sitting in such a way that she faced the bar and the bar was empty! - REALLY?! 

3.  I ordered a soda and never got it.  When I asked to cancel it, he blamed it on the lack of assistance from the other servers. - NO ACCOUNTABILITY!!!! 

4.  At the end of the night when getting the bills, I repeated five (5) times what was on my and boyfriend's bill: calamari, pasta, streak.  This guy wrote it down in all sorts of  ways AND STILL GOT THE BILL WRONG. 

5.  He then messed up on another set of bills.  He insisted at our table that we had an extra steak ordered.  In the end a friend who didn't even eat the phantom steak paid to resolve the issue.  It was 1am and we all wanted to go home. DESPICABLE!  We all talked about it and one friend had paid in cash and the waiter didn't count that payment.  I'm not saying he stole the money, I'm saying he was so scatter-brained he messed up on the bills. 

6.  When talking to the waiter about what happened and how things could have gone differently he WALKED AWAY WHILE I WAS IN MID-SENTENCE - ^*#$&?! 

7.  When a few of us left out wait outside, the same awful, idiot waiter comes out to apologize.  Are you messing with us dude?  If you're gonna come out, don't come empty handed.  ESPECIALLY when you say "If I could give him the money back.." THEN WHY TAKE IT IN THE FIRST PLACE?! 

I can tell you now, we aren't going back. 

Aside from the APPALLING service, the food was ok.  Not as good as I remembered. 

Calamari: smaller portion size than last time we were there 

Steak frites:  VERY undercooked for medium-rare - they might as well have slaughtered the cow on the table - and the fries were soggy

Marinated chicken gemelli:  Delicious, but very small portion size. 

I don't know what happened this time around, but the food was not as good - bad experience, maybe???

This place is not good for large groups.  Though not ideal, I would recommend NOT splitting the bill.  Their 18% auto-gratuity for large groups is such scam - you will get no service. Or, when you do get service, like we did, it's rude service.笑
We were a table of 5 and we were seated out side pretty quickly. We decided to move inside as it got a bit chilly. 
Out waiter did take a bit long to come for our orders and our food including our apprizers took about 30min to come out.
I ordered the steak, medium well not burnt wth poutine fries and a corn. 
The steak came put crispy it literally tasted like charcoal. The poutine fries were made in a gravy that seemed to be pretty old. The corn was literally the only thing I ate. 
My friends ordered the mac and cheese burger which was good, a penne pasta and a steam salad. Their food came out pretty good. 

If you are very hungry you probably shouldn't come to this place as you'll be waiting a decent amount of time for your meals.笑
I took my girlfriend here recently, and I have to say I was very impressed. We shared a seafood pasta and house salad with large portions as the server had told us, we had stated we weren't too hungry.

Ambiance was good, it was busy and the decor is nice, we had a small table near the front doors but the entrance is designed well so that we didn't feel the cold when the doors opened.

All I have left to say is that the house salad was crazy good - but for the life of me I can't remember what was in it - but I know I'll be back for another one.笑
I just went here for drinks so I can't testify about the food.  The place is very nice and clean.  The location is great.  The staff are still figuring out a few things.

But based on my experience, I will definitely return.笑
Awful.
Service is slow.
Food is below average.
Prices are on par with downtown restaurants.
Wait staff - nice and pleasant but unfortunately even when it's not busy, they are very slow at getting orders in. 
Been here a few times now. The location is convenient to us and due to its convenience friends ways suggest a bite there... Unfortunately, this place is banking on that. The food and service doesn't have to be great because the crowd will always want somewhere close by. It's disappointing.笑
Great patio! I came with three girls and we had a great time. The staff are friendly and were considerate when my friend asked to move tables, three times. 

The sangria, calamari and mussels were delicious and I would definitely order again!

They get busy on sunny days so call ahead. Bonus: you can make reso on OpenTable!

The bathroom was warm and heated, which I appreciate because I judge places by their bathrooms :P笑
Came with a large group (approximately 20) for a dinner event.

Venue: loved the restaurant layout and the lighting. We were seated near the patio, but inside. It was far too windy to sit out on the patio. It was a good thing we chose to stay indoors because it rained hard about halfway through our meal.

Meal: I had the grilled chicken gemella and a 9 oz. glass of Shiraz/Cabernet Sauvignon. I asked for my dish to be made with extra spice, and it was pretty good. Those who had burgers said they weren't bad, but they weren't out of this world.

Service: I've had much better service with large groups. We had one server for our entire group on a Friday night. Our server was very helpful and did well for a group of our size, but I think it would have been faster if someone had assisted with taking our orders. Our meals did not come out at the same time. Burgers and steak meals arrived first, and pasta arrived later (about 10 minutes later). I actually made a trip to the washroom and returned to find that of the three of us who had ordered pasta dishes, two of them had arrived, and mine was not among them, which was odd because two of us who were waiting had ordered the same dish. I had to wait for some time AFTER the two other pasta dishes had arrived before my meal arrived.

Overall, Hunter's Landing was ok. I've definitely had better experiences at other downtown restaurants. If not for the delays with the meals and the fact that the dishes weren't all brought out at the same time, I would have given this place 3-4 stars.笑
Had a terrible experience here over the weekend. Brought my sister who's visiting from out of town. We waited in line for a table outside on the small patio out front. Wait wasn't bad, but as the waitress was supposedly clearing and preparing table, another waiter brought 2 other guests and sat them. Waitress shrugged and said she was sorry and walked away. After waiting in line AGAIN, this time we were seated upstairs where we were left for 20+ minutes before we had to go find the waiter who clearly hadn't noticed we were there. After he finally came and took the order, he never returned to get us more drinks or food. Long after eating we had to waive (another) waitress over to get the bill and leave. Very dissatisfied with the service here.笑
Hunters is a staple of cityplace for a decent bite morning or night. The food is a little hit and miss from me but generally good. Patio is really nice to hang out on as well especially for brunch. A little annoyed after my last visit where my girlfriend and I were seated next to the bussing station and for 25 min surrounded by staff but never even greeted or asked if we wanted water. We just got our things and walked out without anyone noticing and went to macho for tacos. Would upgrade score if staff could see me.笑
Pasta here is amazing. Really a good place to chill out with friends around cityplace.笑
I really like the atmosphere of this restaurant. Very causal yet classy, it's like a Moxie's that actually serves quality food for its prices (sorry not sorry).
Great location and beautiful interior. It's charming enough to have an intimate date here, but also causal enough to catch up with friends as I did. I was craving a hamburger so I got their Landing Burger with no bun (because I'm on a diet but mostly obnoxious) after some witty pity from the waiter, my friends got the Pulled Pork Mac and Cheese and the Vanilla Pear Sparkler. Both, they gave rave reviews. Needless to say, I was jealous *if not* for my deliciously grilled burger... Plus, I treated myself with a side of fries.笑
I was here a few weeks ago on a Tuesday with a pretty big group. At the beginning, I was concerned because the waitress was kind enough to tell me that the kitchen was really struggling that night because they were understaffed (someone didn't realise there was a Leafs game). I hurried to place an order because i was starving and figured I'd be waiting for a while. The rest of our table ordered around the same time, probably 7-10 dishes at first. The food was not late at all, it was very prompt and really good. It was nice of the waitress to tell me it might be long, and even nicer that it wasn't. The fish tacos were a hit, I had a turkey burger that was better than I'd ever expect a turkey burger to be. My husband had some kind of pulled pork sandwich, it was amazing. I was really impressed with the service throughout the meal. We were, as I said, a large group that was mostly milling around upstairs rather than sitting down. The waitress promptly (and cheerfully) established a numbered system to track our individual bills. Also, she was right on top of the drinks all evening, even though she was obviously busy. Some of the girls I was with told me the brunch is fantastic, including the famous Caesar. Overall, it was a good experience in less-than-ideal circumstances. having been open only a couple of months I wouldn't have blamed the staff for being a little unorganised. We'll definitely make an effort to go back here. Oh, I almost forgot to mention the little patio area that has a firepit and muskoka chairs, looks super cozy. :)笑
Amazing food, great drinks and patio is awesome! Customer service is great too, and the waiter we had did a great job. Not sure what his name was though!笑
We dined at Hunter's Landing for brunch on a Sunday mainly due to the fact that it is a 3 minute walk from our condo and we were too lazy to cook for ourselves. Our expectations for the food were met and the overall experience was positive.


THE GOOD:
- The atmosphere is on point. All of the Landing restaurants are well-designed and you can definitely tell they make an effort to make eating there a enjoyable as possible. We asked for a spot in the dining room which was full of natural lighting and things to look at while you eat (TVs, outside sidewalk, staff/patrons).
- Affordability and variety of the menu. Whether you feel like eggs, a salad, or a burger, you have the option of both breakfast or lunch for under $15.

THE BAD:
- The yolk of one of the poached eggs was completely hard while the other was perfectly cooked. The food overall was your standard breakfast fare which is always safe but the adventurous diners will be bored.笑
Having dined at hunter's on several occasions I have never been disappointed. 

I've been there for brunch and dinner. This place is always busy but very accommodating.  

My most memorable brunch items are the house burger and salmon benny.  Both cooked perfectly and utterly delicious. 

The menus are not huge but enough choice to not be limited. When dining in the evening I chose the steak. They have evening specials too. 

As for staff, very friendly and helpful. My girlfriends and I organized a bridal shower brunch. The manager brought over complimentary champagne. It was a lovely gesture which was much appreciated. 

There is a bar with tv 's playing sports...this is separate from the dining area. 

Never been disappointed and will always return.笑
This was my first try at a Landing's chain restaurant. I came here for my sister's birthday over the weekend. We were in a group of about 17 people. Naturally they charged us the 18% gratuity charge on top of our bill, which allows them to slack a bit on service.

We were seated in the upstairs lounge area which was nice in décor, and view. I must say I felt bad for the servers who had to lug food up and down those stairs, and I also questioned the safety of the set up, they had the tables against the railings. All it would take it a drunk or clumsy person to accidentally swing left and a glass would go flying on to someone who was using the stairs. So, word of advice, use those stairs with caution and always look up. 

From the get go, service was slow. Our server herself was a very nice person, but you could tell she was a bit overwhelmed and needed some help. 

Our group ordered in the spurts they arrived in. While those that ordered later, ended up getting their food earlier. I somehow waited for my entrée for about an hour and 15 minutes. My neighbours waited almost an hour and a half to receive their food, and they had ordered ahead of me as well. So the food preparation and delivery definitely needs improvement.

Secondly, the food itself was really disappointing. My husband and I ordered:

Margherita Pizza - how do you screw that up? They over cheesed it, under basil and under tomato sauced it- those are like the primary ingredients on a magherita. Don't call it a margherita if you're going to butcher it.

Butter Chicken Poutine - This was good, I guess because it was fries, and probably some pre-made butter chicken sauce. But overpriced for $14.00.

Lemon Basked Local White Fish - I have no words to describe how bad this dish was...
I think horrible is pretty on par and might be a tad forgiving to the actual taste of this meal. 
This was a bland piece of white bass, with random yellow looking seasoning that had no taste, on top of bland rice, with a unappetizing tomato onion salsa  mixture to really top it off. 
I couldn't eat more than two bites. See picture for disappointment. 

Overall I'm giving 2.5 stars because despite the slow service and the bad food, they were nice enough to comp our lemon local white fish (Thank GOD, I'd be upset to have to pay for that) and the server was really nice. 

I wouldn't jump to come back - I may have also had a bad group experience, but I find those are the ones you want to perfect because you'll have a higher rate of return customers you'd think.笑
Went there today with a friend . Their Halloween decor was cute and the hostess and server were super nice and friendly . 

Must say I loved everything we ordered , But ... My biggest problem was the price . Two cocktails and two appetizers for $64 !!! I mean we didn't even order proper food . And there goes the two stars . If you don't mind paying almost $70 for a calamari and fish tacos with two cranberry drinks , then you'll love this place . Great vibe and pretty staff . Enjoy .笑
Good ambience and service. However food is not great and limited in selection. If you're going here I'd recommend getting a burger (but not the pulled pork) or a pizza.  Vegetarian burger is also terrible.笑
This place was hot on a Saturday night - a Leafs game AND a Raptors there filled may of the seats. There were TV's everywhere, on both the floor and 2nd level. 

Staff was cheerful. Service was good. My friends had weird requests and our server, Amber, didn't look completely worried, so that was nice. 

I had a Classica Pizza. It has super thin crust, cheese, diced tomatoes and drizzled in balsamic vinegar. The vinegar was a nice touch, it gave a boost to the mild toppings on the pizza. In spite of it being too big to fit on the plate, I still finished it. 

My friends got wings and a burger. Judging by the fact that their plates were clean soon after, I assume it was good. Good portions, reasonable prices. I'd go back.笑
i probably wouldn't come here just for the restaurant, but if you're in the area definitely a fun place to hang out. service is friendly. food is okay.笑
Excellent service!!!! I asked for a BBQ pork sandwich, but it was not as good as I thought, they exchanged it for me right away. My friend didn't like her drink, and they exchanged it for her too, without charging extra. Waitress was REALLY nice to us.笑
Only special thing about thias bar is the patio. The food is mediocre and ovet priced. Have found the service to be a bit slow especially on the bar side笑
Waiting for an hour. No food. No drinks. I don't get it. You'd figure a table of 12 would get some attention in here.笑
Patio is nice.  
Decor is nice.
Service was sub-par.  Didn't even give us all water and didn't refill it.
Food was ok.  Small portions.

I'd go there for the patio.  Otherwise, there's lots of better choices further up Spadina or a little west on King or Queen.  I certainly would not go there for the food.笑
I was visiting a girlfriend at her condo in city place and she told me to meet her at hunters landing. I've never been there, but I was really happy with her choice of venue. When we walked in, we were greeted by a very bubbly young lady at the host stand, who showed us to a booth in a dining room. A few short moments later, a young blonde man came over, greeted us and took our drink orders. I was very pleased that the drinks came very quickly for a busy Friday night! I must preface that I am by far the pickiest eater on the face of the planet- which worked out in my favor because the server was very knowledgeable in the menu. The staff had big smiles on their faces, even though I could tell they were busy, and the music was modern and very upbeat. A manager came over and asked us how everything was going, and I had no complaints! I highly recommend Hunter's Landing to anyone who's looking to have a bite to eat, or just a place to have great conversation over awesome cocktails!笑
Live in cityplace area ! Heard good things thought I tried it out .. Worst mistake ... We asked to be moved , but no communication with staff .. We were not checked in for 1/2 hr .. I watch my food in the window for 20 minutes .. Finally I flagged someone down .( staff was friendly always ) .. But food cold :-(.. And very disappointed!! But has a great patio .. And bar area too bad .. Hope they get there act together .. Waste of a nice  space !笑
Firstly thank you for opening in an under serviced neighbourhood. The staff seem friendly, the owner checked on our food and gave us tickets to their opening party. Asado platter was great, sausages cased and smoked in house. We also loved the fish tacos. Looking forward to coming back.笑
We ate here during our recent visit to Toronto and enjoyed enormous portions of good food. The restaurant was extremely busy when we arrived so we asked to be seated at the bar rather than wait 45 minutes for a table. Although there were seats available, we had to wait several minutes for service. The bar staff appeared to need an extra hand or two. Despite the busyness, however, the service was still reasonably friendly. 

One of the first things we noticed about the restaurant was the casual upscale atmosphere. The bar and stools were comfortable and clean. The weather was nice and the bar opened up to the patio area so we could enjoy the nice weather, too. 

The food was also very good. The menu was full of a good variety of American-style fare. We ordered the Mac Burger and the Chicken Parmesan sandwich. Both dishes were well prepared and tasted fresh. The chicken parm was more than I could eat, so I took the leftovers with me in a small paper box. 

We thoroughly enjoyed our meal here and would return again. Next time, we will try visiting during off-peak hours for quicker service.笑
As a resident of Cityplace, Hunters Landing is a VERY welcome addition. FINALLY there is somewhere to go to get a good meal, or just have some drinks with friends that isn't the Fox and Fiddle.

Hunters Landing adds some class to cityplace and is very similar to sister restaurant Williams Landing.

Perks:
- Tasty Food
- Affordable options for drinks and food
- Great patio and patio bar
- Friendly service

Drawbacks:
- None yet. Food isn't mind blowing but is still very tasty.

I am looking forward to spending many nights here and definitely recommend checking it out!

For a more detailed review, check out my blog post about Hunters Landing here: http://www.cheapdude.com/food/hunters-landing-review/笑
My gf was drugged there right at the bar ... Manager ( mike ) didn't give a shit .... HORRIBLE PLACE ... tons of other bars to go to ... Not RECOMMENDED笑
Nice place.  A bit crowded but i guess that's part of the popularity.  The service was ok.  Not as attentive as I'd like, probably since it was quite busy.  Great patio.笑
Been here several times and the food is decent.  Service is hit or miss.  

Last time we were there the bartender didn't even acknowledge us as we sat at the bar.  It seemed that there were two bartenders that night each serving a different side of the bar, but when we walked in there was only one.  We sat there for 5 minutes and tried to get her attention but she wouldn't even come over to our side of the bar.  When the other bartender finally returned she served us immediately, and was very pleasant.

Perhaps they should take care of the entire bar while the other is away.   It wasn't busy and she could have at least let us know that the other bartender would be with us in a sec, or take a quick order.

Anyway, we'll probably be back (it's close and convenient), but probably won't be sitting at the bar.笑
Love this restaurant - came back for the pork bacos. They weren't as good as the first time but still delicious. I got the pulled pork Mac and cheese and it was good. My first time here was a lot better but I still love this place and will be coming back!笑
Came here for the first time to celebrate my sister's birthday. Honestly I don't remember much as I had a bit too much to drink but I really loved the lounge scenery--it's not the typical grungy pub type atmosphere but a classy one instead. Waitress was nice and food was good so I'd come back.笑
Outstanding service.  Friendliness and the food was fantastic.  Went with the waiters recommendations and it was awesome.  Will be back.笑
I've been to Hunters two times now - once for dinner and once for their weekend brunch. I sat in the patio both times and had such pleasant experiences. I'd definitely recommend coming here to sit outside on a warm sunny day. The food and drinks are delicious and the atmosphere is super relaxed/chilled. While I always come to this restaurant casually, it is certainly a place you can plan a more formal event as well. I also find that the servers here are all extremely friendly and welcoming. I'd visit again!笑
Have never had good service at Hunters Landing and the food order has always been messed up. 

One time we waited 20 minutes to be approached by a server and then waited an hour for our food because she forgot to ring it in not once, but twice (she was dealing with a party upstairs at the same time)

Last time I got a Cuban Sandwich with what I can only assume came with REAL Cuban hairs in it.

I think I've had enough of hoping that the next time will be a better time... It is what it is and isn't gonna get better from there....笑
Came here on Canada Day for my birthday and there were about 20 of us. Clearly, it was too much for them to handle and our server was left stranded serving our table and another 5 in the same section. I get they were short staffed so everything took a while to get our food and drinks but the lack of quality for both didn't even make up for it. Almost every dish that was ordered just had no taste and presentation was something else. I waited over an hour for my "grain salad" dish with chicken and I was super disappointed. The chicken breast was dry and tasteless. I literally wasted $20 because I couldn't eat half of the dish.

There was also an accidental spill right by our area that took over an hour to clean up. Yes, it was our fault but we had to keep asking the servers for a mop so that it wouldn't be a safety hazard for others. 

Just utter disappointment from beginning to end, this place is simply a resto to come for drinks but don't go out of your way to come here.笑
I'll go back after a couple months when they have their stuff together. I was upset at the beginning because of service but then they told me they've only been open for a week so...you get a bye. Food was pretty good but they really can't go wrong in this neighborhood. These poor people are sandwiched between the Gardiner and the railroad tracks with nothing other than this and Fox & Fiddle. They'll do fine...but I wouldn't cross the tracks for it...yet.  

Oh...the wine by the glass list is amazingly horrible.笑
My girlfriend lives in the condo right beside this bar so naturally its a place to go for a quick bite or drink.

Thing is, aside from a pleasant decor with nice lighting and attractive waitresses and bartenders, this place is pretty terrible

Been here 4 times, have ordered flatbread pizza, mac and cheese burger with fries,wings, spinach dip and nachos and drinks.
The food is bland and tasteless. The cook is a west indian guy because i recognize there "special hot sauce" which is made with wiri wiri pepper. My burger was dried out mack and cheese and overcooked burger. My girlfriends flatbread pizza was essentially pita bread with some sporadic toppings placed over it. Im telling you, the food here is LACKING big time. 

If youre looking for a place to watch a game and have a beer its fits the bill. And i say beer not cocktail. My girlfriend had a brunch ceasar once that had a lil lobster meat on it and it was stale and old tasting. Gross stuff man. Dont be fooled by location or appearance!笑
This is a nice looking restaurant conveniently located a couple of minutes away from the Rogers Centre. I can imagine it must get super crowded in the summer, especially on game days, because they have a sick looking patio which I unfortunately didn't get to take advantage of today (being -10 degrees and all). 

Our group of 5 arrived right at 10 AM when the place opened, so were able to get a seat right away. I had been looking forward to trying their caesar (the Landing Cure), but found out the hard way that they don't serve alcohol before 11 AM when I tried to order and was denied hard. So aim to come later if you're looking for some morning dranks.

We all ordered off their brunch menu, and every single one of us with the exception of one person ordered the Hunters Benedict because it sounded the most interesting - lobster, braised beef, baguettine, and hollandaise. To keep things short, I will say it was underwhelming. The lobster came as a little pile on the side, and rather than being like full pieces, it was kind of shredded... kind of like artificial crab meat. I was also confused because pretty much everything on my plate was cold or lukewarm at best, and I couldn't tell if that was intentional or not. The lobster was cold, the meat was cold, and something on the plate (the hollandaise?) had a sour taste which didn't work well with the meat or eggs or anything else really. I also wasn't a huge fan of the baguettine, I guess I just prefer a more traditional English muffin because the baguettine was kind of hard and tough. 

I'm not going to lie, I definitely had high expectations for this place and have to say I was disappointed. I don't think I would come back here for brunch, or at least I would not order any kind of benedict again and would not recommend it. I'm still curious about the caesar though, so in the future may come again to try that and some of the food on their regular menu - hopefully the next time will be better.笑
Whether you're looking for one of the most outrageous hangover cure Ceasers or looking for a quick bite, Hunter's Landing is a gem hidden within Cityplace.

Highly recommend coming with a group of friends and ordering a pitcher or two (cocktail pitcher that is) or trying one of their by piece menu items. 

Despite being fairly packed around sports games, the hosts and owners are extremely friendly and very accommodating. The one time our orders were late, one of the managers came by and offered to cover our food - not to mention the waitress was extremely apologetic (even more so than we'd have expected). Overall, great place - would definitely come back again.笑
Went here on Sunday after the Jays game for a bite and a beer. Place looks very nice on the inside and was fairly easy to get to.

Service was very good. Server was attentive and checked-in often to ensure we were ok.

Beer selection was meh. Very skinny on the Craft side. When comparing to other local spots in the area, there was hardly any selection of local brews on the menu.

Food was good. We shared nachos and the perogie pizza. If i am in the area again and not in the mood for beer i would come by again and try other dinner items.笑
I love this place! I came here for my birthday last year and decided to take my bf here for his birthday this year. The service was great, I love the atmosphere, although it can get really packed though. Our steak was cook to perfection, and would definitely recommend this place to friends and family!笑
The menu is too expensive and not helpful. That's my main reason for 2 stars. 

The service is average. 

The decor is nice, though not one that could be described as anything to do with hunting.笑
Hunter's Landing is consistent - a quality I very much appreciate in a local eatery. The food is good - not mind blowing but it's reasonably priced and I know what I'm getting when I go there. 
The staff are all beautiful (annoyingly so!) - I took a star off as service can be slow. 
I love the burger and sweet potato fries but the steak salad is also good and the desserts are all amazing (and gluten free which is awesome).笑
A bit of everything is what this place offers and it does so without compromise. 

Want a bite to eat? No problem, the food delivers in both quality and selection. Whether it's light fare or something heavier. Just a drink and apps? They got that covered too. Top shelf booze, and a laid back modern atmosphere, killer patio and superb wait staff who always go out of their way to be friendly and courteous. The prices are generally fair, although watch out for the prices of single glasses of wine ($20 for a glass of McMannis Cab? Ouch!).

Overall, it's the best spot in the area!笑
Landed at Hunter's Landing!

And boy am I glad I landed here. You can tell you are getting close to the restaurant because they have a very visible bright red sign! Just a tip in case you've never been here before. So the inside decor of this place is very nice. It's the type of place you walk into and you feel like you're part of the 1%. 

The menu itself isn't very large, which is actually a good thing because everything that is on the menu sounds amazing and you can tell thought and care has been put into it. I ordered the lamb pasta, and oh man, it was delicious! I really enjoyed it. The service here is quite good from what I experienced, our waitress was nice. At the end of our meal, we actually asked if we could meet the chef and he came out to greet us. You can tell he is really passionate about his work, and it shows as soon as you take a bite. 

I haven't even gotten to the best part yet. . .   THE DESSERT!! 

Oh man. . the cheesecake! damn, dat cheesecake. Wow, it was amazing. The "sugar bombs" are also really good!  I would come here just to eat dessert. Overall, I had a great experience! It's a little pricey, but I guess you get what you pay for right? 

I would definitely come here again. Probably a good place to take a date too ;)  The dimmed lights and fancy decor will get her in the mood. . .  or your money back! lol I'm joking (about the money back part).笑
Please change up the menus already. 
Nice  atmosphere, ok bar selection. I go here often because it is close but I would never go out of my way. All in all a nigh meh笑
Came here for the Dinner for 4 people. We were all just ok, about the food. Seems better for a bar/hangout place w/ snacks on the side type place. 
I got the Annato Chicken Salad, didn't enjoy it at all. Taste, texture, it all just didn't work for me. 
My friend got the Ahi Tuna Sandwich, didn't enjoy hers much either. 
The service and ambiance was nice. I like the area the restaurant is in, but in the end just didn't enjoy the food.笑
I came here mostly to try the Landing Cure (massive caesar) pre Blue Jays Game. Firstly, the landing cure is really not all it's cracked up to be. I didn't even eat the lobster tail because it smelled and tasted way too fishy. The actual Caesar itself was watered down. I wouldn't get it again.          Secondly, the service here is really bad and the establishment is evidently disorganized. We had a server come to our table to introduce herself and take our orders after someone else already did. She made a really bitter face when we told her that someone else had already taken care of us. Then, another server came and brought us food that we didn't order cause she couldn't figure out which table the food was going to. She didn't even apologize. And I saw her and other servers constantly wandering around with food trying to figure out where the food was going. Thirdly, we had the trio dip to snack on - maybe this was just the wrong thing to order but it was pretty forgettable. Overall, this place seemed really disorganized and every part of my experience here was forgettable.笑
Yum to the fish tacos! 

Great atmosphere, very accomodating staff. 

We had a great time and enjoyed all of our selections in food and drink!笑
I've been so curious to try the Hunter's Cure - their loaded Caesar and it did not disappoint: lobster tail, bacon, cheese, pickle, celery, a pizza (!) slice and more. Perfect for brunch I had their hunter's eggs Benny it was alittle plain but not bad. Laid back vibe, good service. Hard to find parking unless you live there.笑
A tucked away and good alternative to places on Front Street (ex. Jack Astor's) pre and post-Blue Jays game. 

We went after a Jays home game. The place was packed but we managed to maneuver our way to an empty table at the bar. Otherwise our reservation would be in an hour and given how windy it was that night, I had no intention of staying out in the patio even when there were tables available.

Food:
Good to see a menu that offered vegetarian and gluten-free alternatives.

I ordered a Mac & Burger and I liked it. The burger was juicy and the Mac and cheese on the burger was good. The chipotle aioli added a good kick to the mac (actually it was quite spicy).

Tried some of my friend's Veggie Dirty Fries and it was very good. The fries were cripsy and the tandori tofu was really good! I look forward to order the dirty fries next time.笑
Love it.  This is exactly what Cityplace needed.  A fun, chic bar with a yummy menu.  The steak salad is fantastic and the servers I've dealt with have all been great.  Reasonable prices, great ambiance.  

The only suggestion would be to do something more interesting with the upstairs space.笑
Great locations they close early on weekdays, great service we went for drinks only we will go back to try their food nice atmosphere. I like it cuz they have a nice bar if you wanna just hang out on the other side nice somehow quite booth seating for dinner or a good talk also they can arrange thing for a big group of people but it gets loud sometimes!笑
Two things this place is great for:

1) summertime patio season 

2) brunch 

This patio is relatively large in size and can accommodate a decent amount of people. It also has an outside bar that can seats several individuals. Has a fun cocktail menu as some decent wine choices. 

I actually really enjoy their brunch as well. My friend lives in this area and when she suggested going out to an hungover brunch at this spot, I thought it'd be a bit questionable however, since then, I love the huevos and the eggs benny. 

My downside to this review is that I find the lunch/dinner menu to be okay. I always struggle to make a decision on apps and I find the service incredibly slow.笑
Very slow and not-so-friendly service. Food is only mediocre. There was one time after my friend and I being seated on the patio, no one came to say hi, bring menus or bring water for 15 minutes. I have to raise my hands for several times until I got the hosts attention and they switched us to inside. The manager came over to apologize and offered us two free drinks. But weeks after, I went back again with another friend. We sat on the patio for 20minutes, no one ever noticed us and we had to switch to the bar. There have been two other times the service was also very slow and servers just didn't come to check up on you or refill water frequently. I only kept coming back to this place because I live in Cityplace neighbourhood and before this year there were not so many choices here. But yesterday I went to Macho across from Hunters Landing, the service was 10 times better and we left with a big tip. I won't return to Hunters Landing.笑
Food quality and variety was good, food orders did not come on time though, other than that very nice atmosphere笑
Came here for Sunday brunch after Saturday night out, and I have to say it was perfect in every way. Their restaurant decor and ambiance was amazing, the table we sat at had lights overhanging the booth, and the server was extremely charming. 

We got the typical breakfast set, the Landing burger, and Hunter's Eggs Benny. 
Their toast and homemade jam was very unique, not too sweet like the store bought jars. The burger was extremely juicy and large in portion, definitely worth the price. Hunter's eggs benny features steak and lobster, I found it weird that the egg yolk was funny cooked and non-runny, but my friend enjoyed it that way. 


Overall great place for brunch, will return someday for dinner perhaps( yes the burger was that good, I want to try everything else on the menu too!)笑
delicious food. good prices. nice patio but a bit windy. ok if it's a warm night. I had the edamame. it was really nicely seasoned and came with a grilled lemon. I chose the 3 meatball appetizer. it was very good. the tomato sauce was excellent. it came with garlic toast. perfect for a meal. the steak was cooked to order. thick and juicy with good fries. tasty burger with sweet potato fries.笑
It's a great place to grab a drink and some good bar food with friends, especially with friends in the neighbourhood. Great patio! And the food is quite good.笑
Patio environment is quite pleasant on a nice day. The food however is quite disappointing. 

Had the lamb tagliatelle. The cuts of lamb seemed ill-chosen and were not appetizing; the pasta overcooked; the sauce leaving much left to be desired. On top of which the dish was served mildly warm rather than hot. I've had worse pasta in my life, but this dish was definitely nowhere near worth what they ask for. I did not finish my plate. 

The best part of my meal was the bottle of Corona--which was served mildly cool instead of cold.

Would not recommend.笑
I find this place very confusing, the decor is going for high end restaurant, but the bar area is usually full of juice monkeys.  The music is almost house-y, but there are TVs all over the place for sports.  I don't get it.

It's the only restaurant close to my boyfriend's place that isn't Fox and Fiddle, so we've come here a couple of times.  The food, frankly, not very good.  I've had a few different items off the menu.  The fish tacos are fine, decent.  The salmon salad I would definitely not order again, same with the steak frites.  The only thing that was actually good and worth the money are their eggs benedict on weekend brunch.  The rest is fairly unappealing and not that good.

That being said, their patio is sooooo nice on a summer afternoon.  It gets full sunlight, so that's gorgeous.  Also, their drink list is pretty good.  They have some decent wine, and their drinks are pretty good.  If there were any other decent place within a quick walk, I probably wouldn't go to Hunter's again.  However, as it is the only choice for something other than typical pub fare within a 15 minute walk, I'll probably end up there again soon.笑
Gord and I had supper at Hunter's Landing this evening.  We sat on the patio.

Gord ordered the Mac & Burger with a side salad.  He loved it and said he'd get it again.

I ordered a Chicken Parmigiana sandwich (minus the arugula) with mashed potatoes.  It was okay.  I'll try something else next time.

Caitlin was our server and she took good care of us.笑
I had a friend who lived in city place so we would come here for dinner or drinks often. Some of my friends didn't like the food but I've had a long list of things from here and have generally enjoyed everything. They also have an awesome patio in the summertime which is huge. Great drink menu too. Hunter's is just a really nice place for a casual dinner or drinks with friends.笑
This is our go to spot as we live above Hunters.
We have tried every item on the menu. The calamari and paella are definitely the best among all the items on the menu. 

Stay away from the $1 oyster offered on Sundays lol.笑
A good place to go for some drinks and watch the game or socialize on the patio. The restaurant is big so there's usually seating unless there's a big game like the playoffs happening. If you do have to wait, there's a park nearby you can kill some time at. 

I came here for dinner and ordered the butcher's block pizza, mussels, and fish tacos to enjoy with some wine. The food came out cold. However, it was during the playoffs game and they had a packed house so I'm sure they were busy. The food was pretty standard fare, nothing extraordinary. Granted, I am sure it would have been better if it was hot. 

If you're in the area and it's convenient for you, then I would say go here, otherwise there's lots of better places in the area for food. I found parking really hard to find as well, but again, I went during peak hours of a playoffs game so that's understandable. There's a paid parking lot underground by the Sobey's and street Green P parking. Service was okay; not bad but then not great either. 

I will say though, that I want to come back and try their brunch menu. That gigantic caesar is a must-try!笑
The beer was good, but that was it, and the beer took a solid ten minutes to get it every time we ordered. 

Back to back experiences here have had poor service, which has ruined the evening. 
 
It's a good thing you can't make beer taste bad.笑
Hunters Landing in Cityplace has been here for a while.  affiliated with Williams and Taylor Landing this franchise has a few downside due to parking availability and logistics since it's not close to public transit. 
Coming here for a farewell dinner party, our party of 19 eventually had our request to use their lovely patio. The interior of this place is beautiful, spacious and most of all CLEAN.
Our servers....well they seemed nice, but a little fake.. that's just MY perspective. 
Reason for 2/5:
Our drink orders took way too long considering it wasn't too busy nor packed.
Everyone's food came out at different times although all our meal orders were taken at once....my friends bruschetta became hard dough.

**I ordered their chaucaterie board which I found good but was generic. 3/5 beautifully presented 
**veggie and bread with red pepper goat cheese dip was simple 3/5 presentation was great, but again boring. 
**watermelon salad, interesting melody of greens, slices of watermelon with cheese..healthy and out of the box idea. 4/5

Prices are SOMEWHAT reasonable, depending on what you order, great for drinks and patio. Food is a HIT or MISS, service level is not consistent.笑
This is one of my favourite hang out place especially Blue jays game's on.
They are busy most of time but hey big screen will entertain you while you are wait.
Food is pretty good. Nacho is big enough to share for couple of people.
I love their patio.
It's casual fun place in downtown.笑
We landed here July 1st for Canada Day to celebrate the birth of our great nation and the birth of a good friend.  Service was slow due possibly to under staffing for such a large venue.  The place looks great inside and when the food came we were pleased.  Unfortunately some later orders arrived first for guests that ordered after everyone else but in all fairness there were over 20 people in attendance.  I may come back with just a couple people to see if the experience is the same.笑
We stopped in here last night for a late dinner. I had my eye son the famous cesar with the lobster tail and slider. Unfortunately thats only a brunch item. Instead we asked the waitress for some recommendations. 

The recommended the calamari which was served with a chimichurri sauce. We also ordered the landings burger and their meat pizza. 2 ciders (Strongbow on tap - bonus!) and 2 beers. 
The calamari wa sby far the best thing we ate. It was perfectly cooked and chrunchy and generous and had little pieces of hot pepper which was such an awesome combination but the sauce was super strange. It was Delicious - dont get me wrong - but this was nto a chimichurri sauce. this was somethign that resembled a pesto. Regardless - we devoured the plate. 

The bruger my husband had was OK - the fries were FANTASTIC. Weve become burger connoisuers and after enjoying some fine fine burgers...this paled in comparison. It reminded me of an upscale BigMac. 

The pizza was thin crust and HUGE. I barely ate half of it - my husband finished the rest. I thought it was too salty and too meaty for me. i wasnt a fan of the meat toppings that resembled bolognesse sauce... maybe next time id order something different. 

Service was on par and very good. After tip and tax total was 101.00 for dinner for two.

Would I go back? Only for that damn Cesar. Thats it.笑
Lamb pasta was super salty. Services was incredibly slow. Don't come here to eat. Good for having a few drinks笑
I thought Hunters Landing was pretty great.

The inside looked a little rustic and beautiful.
I liked the look of their tables and their wineglasses without stems for water.
Our server was nice and attentive. I find they only fill our waters a smidgen, as if they were serving us wine.
I finished that in about a millisecond.. lol

We ordered:
Calamari ($12)
Fish tacos ($13, comes with 3, another $4 for an extra taco)
Classica Pizza ($14)
Landing Salad with Salmon ($18, Salad alone is $10)
Marinated Chicken Gemelli ($18)
Sugar bombs ($7)

The calamari was alright, I'm not the biggest fan of calamari and the green sauce it came with was okay.
The fish tacos were pretty good, I liked the hot sauce that came with them and I enjoyed them despite the fact they were fried.
The pizza was undercooked in the middle in my opinion and I was glad I ordered the pasta.
It was very good.  I could feel myself gaining weight with every bite and it was well worth it. I'd definitely get that again, the chicken was overcooked a tad but I didn't mind.
Also, the sugar bombs were UNREAL. I would visit the place for just those alone.
Our server said they were like Tiny Tom's on steroids and she was so right.  There was nothing I didn't like about them.
This is a nice little spot, I'm glad I tried it and I would definitely visit again.笑
I hosted a party for my husband here last night. It was  great! The food was amazing and the guest loved the ambiance.  I had booked a coctail type setting.
The only issue I had was that the portions were really small and my guest were still hungry.  I ended up ordering more food at the end and paid more than I anticipated. I think I would have been better off ordering food from the menu. Otherwise they would have gotten 5 stars!笑
The atmosphere here is laid back but the decor is more upscale which is a nice complement to the fast-paced living of the residents in the neighbouring condo units in the area.

The server was very attentive and courteous.  In my view, they visit you often enough so that you can refresh your drinks or need extra this and that but don't feel like you are being rushed to eat so they can turn your table.

Really small gripe but I wish they served my glass of white with a stem instead of the same (albeit nice-looking) glasses as water is served in.

Decided on the turkey burger and it was tasty.  Patty was seasoned well and the slaw complemented the patty.  I wish the spicy aioli had a bit more bit to it because the slaw was so creamy, it may have taken the entire edge from away from the aioli. 

Ordered the sugar bombs and they are as advertised as tiny tom donuts on steroids.  Do recommend sharing this so as not to feel guilty later on.

I think the marquee item here is their $16 meal-in-a-cup lobster tail caesar that is only offered during brunch only.  I will definitely have to make another visit here to taste it.

I think this place is probably really busy during the summer because the two glass walls are retractable and the place becomes an open-air restaurant which near the lake probably offers a great breeze.笑
Great experience!!!!  We ate dinner here on a busy Blue Jay game night.  Service was faster than I ever expected.  Our waitress was very sweet.  The outside seating was great.  The homemade sangria was strong but wonderful.  Tons of blueberries! We were a party of 4 and everyone loved their food.  Will definitely visit again.笑
- The food was okay. I honestly wouldn't go back for the food. 
- Staff were nice, but our waitress was only nice to us because it's part of her job. She immediately left the table as soon as we all paid. I don't think she even said have a nice afternoon or anything like that when we all tipped quite well. 
- I also heard her saying some snarky comments under her breathe. 
- tl;dr - I wouldn't go back笑
I went for brunch at Hunters Landing with a friend after we completed the CN tower climb this past April. I had seen many pictures of the Landing Cure online and was itching to try it. 

It was a Saturday and we were worried it would be busy but there was lots of space for us. Our server was excellent and there were so many amazing food options I didn't know what to pick. I'm a very picky eater so for me to have a lot of options is incredible.

The Landing Cure in itself could have been a meal. It was hands down the best cesar I have ever had and there were so many fun things coming out of it- pizza, lobster, bacon, etc.

I ordered the Hunters Benedict to eat and it was unreal. Roast beef AND lobster in an eggs benedict! Are you kidding me? I still dream about it today LOL

Overall it was a great experience and I am itching to go back! I'd love to try dinner there but it's hard to resist that cesar! Looking forward to going back