Their pizza is cheap, huge, not too greasy and definitely not cardboardish. You will see the occasional hobo just sitting around but they're pretty harmless. I love going here when it's late night and there's nothing else open.Ǿ
Plenty of deals, reasonable value
Pizza is mediocre at best, subar to be honest, nor are the wings good
Didnt receive expected garlic bread
Website interface lacks all the offers, had to chat with online helper to get phone number - no phone number to order from on website

Best thing is that this place is open until 2am (and sometimes 4am)Ǿ
I've been here twice. Once drunk, and once sober. Neither time did the food satisfy. The pizza is not good. It's not even the average Toronto slice. It's bland and in my experience not fresh. When I went sober they had pizzas in the warmer stacked on top of each other. Obviously if there were any kind of freshness involved they would be stuck together by melted cheese and quite a mess. Sadly there was no mess. The bigger annoyance, though, was how I asked for one slice of pizza and the worker presented me with two and told me to grab a drink as well. I told him I wanted one slice, no drink (this was just an afternoon snack after all). Apparently that's not an option. So I paid upward of $4 for two slices of nasty pizza. When I picked it up he reminded me to grab a drink. When I sat at the table he reminded me to get a drink. Each time I told him politely I didn't want the drink. When I was done the first slice he told me to grab a drink. I might have yelled at him at that point that I don't want the damn drink.  I won't go back a third time.Ǿ
Distinctly poor pizza. Worse customer service. Would thoroughly recommend you try elsewhere if you like pizza. Tbh I'm surprised it manages to stay open because I can imagine they don't get many repeat customers. After I went here I told my friends and they said they had similar experiences and now stay well away. Enough saidǾ
1* for being open super late
1* for being different 
1* for being dirt cheap
-6* for getting a stomachache from eating bad pizza.
What more is there to say?Ǿ
My colleague got us walk-in specials from this place. One veggie option and one meat option. It's okay pizza if you eat it hot. After that, not so great and I got heart burn.Ǿ
I have previously written a review about Planet Pizza, and my terribly negative experience with them. 

Unfortunately, that review was filtered for reasons that I am unaware of. To view my prior review about Planet Pizza and their terrible customer service, click on the (filtered) button at the bottom left. 

I took a great deal of time to write a lengthy and detailed review of my experiences with the Planet Pizza staff, but that was obviously disregarded. According to Yelp's policy statement, they filter reviews that are "unreliable". I do not know how they came to that conclusion, but my review was obviously not fake, as I actually named employees from the restaurant. 

I thought Yelp was a consumer based site that was intended to help consumers make conscious decisions about where to eat. Clearly they are catering to businesses as an advertising venue instead. Let's see how long it is until this gets filtered too. 

Dont make the same mistake I did. Do NOT eat at or order from Planet Pizza. They have no sense of what customer service means.Ǿ
When there to honor the PIzza Planet in featured in Toy Story 

http://tinyurl.com/atkn4k9

Turns out the pizza was 3/10 the only saving grace was it's only $2 a slice.Ǿ
I used to love coming here after the bar for a slice, or ordering in for a fast cheap decent pizza. (It was still only a 3 at best) In the past year or so both the service and the quality has gone waayy down hill.
The last time I ordered a pizza, the sun dried tomatoes were black and tasted horrible, and the "Italian sausage" was more like sliced hot dogs. The dipping sauce was wrong, I got Pepsi instead of Coke, and the delivery guy (was nice buuuttt) had only 20's on him so we couldn't make change for a tip.
I called to complain that they had gotten our order wrong, and the guy argued with me that the Italian sausage was just not the spicy kind...and they didn't have hot dogs on their menu (although the menu clearly states they have: Italian sausage, spicy Italian sausage AND frankfurter sausage.) He blamed the other problems on the delivery man and asked if I'd like him to come back to give me the right kind of dipping sauce to which I said yes, but the driver never came. This pretty much ruined my night.

Don't order pizza from this place. Or anything else. If you do, don't expect any customer service when they inevitably mess up your order.
If you are drunk and stumble in here, don't trust anything besides the standard pepperoni or Hawaiian.Ǿ
Terrible service, only occasionally good pizza. It's really a toss-off of who's working that night and how distracted they happen to be at the time.Ǿ
Bad experience, the delivery took an hour an a half, the pizza was ok, the wings were horrible and they forgot the garlic bread that we ordered. Won't be ordering from them again.Ǿ
Terrible. If I could give this place zero stars I would.

After a night of drinks with my girls, we decided to grab some pizza at this place. We ordered and paid for our pizza and then the clerk said something to the other employee in their own language, and then started laughing. Luckily one of the girls with us spoke that language and she immediately confronted him. Apparently they were talking shit about us (calling us names that I will not repeat on here). I couldn't believe this, thinking that we were valued customers. Our friend demanded they give us a refund after they denied saying what they did (of course), but gave us a refund without hesitation, probably because they knew what they did was wrong.

The people working at Planet Pizza are the scum of the earth and have no respect for women, probably because of their culture/religion/background. Do not waste a DIME on these people, because they will only talk crap about you behind your back and probably spit in your pizza while they're at it.Ǿ
Living around the corner, my roommates and I have ordered Planet Pizza (or Pizza Memo) more times than I can remember. As I almost exclusively order their walk-in specials, my review will be mostly concerning that service.

99% of the time it's excellent. Great value for money, decent ingredients, good customization options, good pizza, and a great customer experience.

Once, a while ago, a really crappy employee didn't bother to start the order when I called, then when I went in I heard him essentially lie to the person he was on the phone with about their order as well, and I was quite unimpressed. I've not seen him for a long time and I estimate that the kind, middle-aged gentleman who runs the place had him murdered. One can only hope!

The only other time I ordered from here and they forgot, they apologized profusely, immediately made me a new pizza while I waited (like 10 mins) and offered me some free items to make up for their mistake! Please note that these things have only happened a couple times in over 100 orders.

Their regular pizza and service is average (worlds better than Amato), I've only ever gotten the spicy vegetarian pizza, and it's quick and decently enough priced for when I need to eat and run.

Conclusively, I'd say there's no reason to judge this pizza place negatively until you've been there recently. Now I'm off to pick up my pizza.Ǿ
On College, just north of the start of Kensington Market, once stood the greatest late-night pizza place. Pizza Memo was there for as long as I could remember, and now is inhabited by Planet Pizza. (Same thing, just different name). 

For those who remember the greatness that was the $2 massive slice, and were shaken to the core when you found it was gone, fear not: it still stands, just with a different name!

 I was on the College streetcar not to long ago and glanced lovingly to where Pizza Memo was supposed to be and when I saw its sign gone, I rang the bell and had to run over and see for certain. My heart doth overflow at the thought of that delicious late night snack, the greasiness perfection after a night at the bar...and my heart sank at the thought of Memo being a mere memory...

 To my relief, I was very happy to find the same pizza display rotating as I had always known it. The pizza at Planet Pizza, which I still call Pizza Memo is delicious, cheap and one of my favourite places in Kensington or on College to get a late night snack if I'm in the area.

  Melodramatics aside, one of the best greasy pizzas in the city!Ǿ
it's sort of funny, When I ate here on nuit Blanche I was really drunk. Usually at that point of inebriation almost anything open late (especially pizza) tastes great. This place proved me wrong.

I got the pepperoni pizza from a man who didn't seem to care about much, it was cheap and worth it if you want something in your stomach, but don't expect much in the way of flavor.. it sort of reminded me of porridge, with only a little bit of sugar.

The price was great though, especially because I stumbled out of here forgetting to pay, and the clerk didn't care either.