I decided to stop in to check out The Butchers Pantry based on a recent magazine article. I stayed for a bite to eat and had their tacos. Hughe portion and tasted fantastic! I will definitely be back!笑
One word comes to mind when thinking this place, wow. Just walked near this place, you can smell the bbq calling you into meat heaven. The chorizo tacos phenomenal. As i wright this, my mouth salivates with memory of  mouth happiness. They also have an excellent wine selection here, i did not want to leave this place. The brisket was spectacular too. Will be here again, for sure.笑
The Butcher's Pantry RULES. There's no reason you all shouldn't be shopping there right now. This is the foodie-wino paradise of the suburbs. 

Tucked in the plaza on Station Street, this place just gives you all the feels when you walk in. The vibe is really animated and hip, and you just want to look at everything. The place is so enticing, that you're going to feel like you could apply for Top Chef like, tomorrow. In addition to being a butcher's shop, they're also a small grocery stop for all your meat accoutrement needs.

These butchers know what they're doing. Not only can you buy meats to take home, but they have a sophisticated menu that's available all the time. You can grab a sandwich to go or sit and enjoy in their small café area. They also have a cooler of drinks and an extensive list of sides. They were out of the mac and cheese when I was there, which makes me sad, but the sweet potato salad was just as delicious. The brisket sandwich was to die for. The meat literally melted in your mouth, and this is undoubtedly a new lunch/dinner spot for me.

They also have a really lovely selection of local beers and wines. They even do wine tastings, which i'm excited to come back for! Overall, a brisket sandwich, a side salad, and two high quality wines was $40. In my opinion, total steal. Five stars, without question! Time to set your bookmark, Yelpers!笑
Best porkchops we've had in our entire lives...seriously!  Got 3 huge bone-in chops and we cooked them on the grill.  Can't wait to try some of their other meats. Sandwich menu varies each day depending on whats in stock or just smoked.  A number of choices and they all sound wonderful.  Nice varieties of wines that will expand over time. More sparkling wines, please!  Some interesting sides, roast carrots and gourmet mac n cheese topped with pulled meat. Welcome to Solon and I hope you do very well.笑
Half chicken is enough for a meal. The chicken had been brined flavorfully. Its completely moist and juicy.

Briskets are 3 slices of tender fatty meat. 

The sweet potato is sweet but crunchy. What's causing the crunchiness? Is it celery? My brain didn't have time to analyze.

No high chair for toddlers, so bring your stroller with tray. 

There's a kids activity area up front to keep the little ones occupied while moms savor the caveman diet.笑
This has become a favorite lunch destination for my friends and me. The staff is always polite and food is always very good. We have even ordered meals in for fairly large groups. Their standard menu items are always good and their special sandwiches that vary from week to week delicious and often inventive.笑
The Butcher's Pantry thinks it's a butcher shop - and it is a fantastic one - but more importantly, The Butcher's Pantry is beginning to realize that there is a definite need in Solon for great, locally owned restaurants and is quickly becoming one of them!

The owner, Taylor Steinhoff, and his staff provide exceptional service and go out of their way to help their patrons understand the various characteristics of the meat they buy. On multiple occasions he has taken the time to pull out various cuts of meat and hold them - as if he is trying to articulate the animal back together - to show how they relate to each other and give a better sense of what I am buying. They have answered questions about the difference between grain and grass fed beef. They have even let customers join them in the back to observe and learn more about their process of cutting the actual meat the customer would then purchase.

They clearly are passionate about the work they do and truly want their patrons to understand what they are buying. 

They offer many different cuts of local, grass-fed beef and grain-fed beef as well as local pork. They also offer high quality ingredients needed to prepare the meat as well as many accoutrements to serve with the meal. 

I could stop here and this would be a 5-star review, however, like I mentioned, what really sets them apart and keeps me checking-in week after week is the fact that they take all of the passion they have for the meat and combine it with their in-house chef to prepare some of the best barbeque I have ever had.

Every day they use their smoker to prepare a selection of various meats and vegetables such as brisket, pulled pork, pork belly, turkey, barbacoa, polish sausage, italian sausage, beets and many more - those are just the items I have tried! They actively post on their social media accounts to inform the world on what items they will prepare that day and create deliciously inspired sandwiches and BBQ trays until they run out! They also prepare various side dishes that are a perfect accompaniment to the main dish.

If you are a fan of really good sandwiches or really good meat I highly recommend that you give The Butcher's Pantry a try on your next lunch break. They truly provide one of the best meals you can get in Solon.笑
I bought some St Louis ribs for the grill and they were amazing!  The cut of meat matters as much as where you buy it.... Go to the Butchers Pantry!!!笑
Wow, the food here is fantastic!  We had heard great things about this place and decided to give it a try today.  Wow!  Great, melt in your mouth, smoked meats.  The sammies were fantastic.  Give it a shot; you won't be disappointed!笑
I visited this place at lunch time with my coworkers.  I am not much of a meat eater but I do recognize this place is great.  The ambiance is very modern chic.  The staff was quite knowledgeable about meat and different cuts.  I would definitely return for my butcher needs.笑
We had a good time here for lunch. Very cute decor-would never expect what's inside from the exterior. Beautiful & lots of space in there. Feels like it needs some filling in and to really decide what it's purpose is but you can tell they are working on that and trying things out to find what people want. 
As far as food goes-the burger was GREAT, might prefer bacon instead of pulled pork though! The brisket was juicy and delicious-except my cut had a lot of fat on  it unfortunately but the other parts were great & the BBQ sauce was tasty! The sides made me sad-baked beans could have been cooked more and the green beans were just sitting in a large amount of juice and kinda rubbery. The Hawaiian BBQ chips they offer with the sandwiches were delish! 
Bottom Line: I'll return to try other items for lunch to see what else is good but probably won't find myself purchasing any grocery items. If I were someone who cooked meat at home-the cuts looked great so come check them out for your butcher needs! Also people were in there buying wine & they had a large selection, so they might be a good place for that too! I'll update when I go back, I left hungry but I'm eager to try again!笑
The Butcher's Pantry is one of the best places to grab lunch in Solon. Brisket, pulled pork, burger, potato salad - all delicious. BUT, my absolute favorite item on the menu is the Veggie Burger. It might feel wrong to order a veggie burger at a butcher shop, but these guy know their way around black beans and sweet potatoes. This Veggie Burger is the best veggie burger of all the veggie burgers. So please fight your urge to order the Barbacoa Tacos, as delicious as that might sound. 

Keep up the good work, guys.笑
I've heard great things about this place, so decided to try it out. I'm really glad I did. I had the meat tray with turkey, pulled pork and green beans. The meat was incredible, super tender and the BBQ was great too. Cool atmosphere and they have a nice wine and beer selection if you're into that. I'll definitely be back and I'll definitely tell my friends!笑
Butcher's Pantry has slowly become the spot for lunch! The owner is genuine and friendly and will help in the process of ordering a meal, especially if you're indecisive. The food is so fresh and the portion size is decent. I love looking at their wine selection and the low key feel of the place!笑
Must get the burnt end sandwich! !!! Amazing cuts of meat not found anywhere else!  They have a great selection of gluten free options for those of you with seliac.笑
Have totally missed this place and it's been here for a year..... wow. Feel a bit silly. What a great little butcher set in a cute little strip in Solon. The place smells so good and I basically smell like a smoker now that I am at home. They have an excellent selection of meats and wine and all sorts of little food items- pasta sauce, rolls, spices... etc. I left with some lamb sausage and kielbasa and also some coffee maple bacon. Yum. Can't wait to cook this for dinner.
Also,  you can eat in for lunch as they have a great dining section. They are reasonably priced and competitive actually. Has that artisan vibe and great music and all of it. 
Will definitely go and take my kids for lunch as it looked and smelled so good. The people who own it  and work there are super helpful  and we're eager to answer all of my questions concerning pork belly- a sign of an expert in my opinion.笑
Their sandwiches are the absolute best! Great for lunch! Plus the owner was so nice. He greets you personally as you come in. We will be back!笑
Being a foodie and wanting the freshest tastiest food it's hard to find a place that helps you create amazing meals at home. The cuts of meats you get here are similar that my mom use to get. You can order your select cuts on Monday and have your order cut perfectly that afternoon. Or go in and select the multitude of beef or pork. I would like to see veal and lamb in the future. 

If you want a meal on the go for lunch or dinner, get there early because his select dishes sell out. The smoked Brisket is my favorite along with the turkey sandwich. 

If you stop in you will not be upset. Oh wait take home a pound of bacon you will not be upset.笑
A wonderful hidden gem. You would never think to head down this street. I actually saw a Yelp suggestion and decided to give it a try. I'm glad I did. Now all I'm thinking about is what to try next.笑
always happy to do business here. cleaner than most butcheries i've been to, proud regular of this spot.笑
This little gem of a place has been in Solon for about 8 months now and I just discovered it this past week! I am not a big meat person at all so when some co workers and I were going to lunch, I ensured that they had a black bean burger!  It was not any black bean though because it was a back bean sweet potato burger and it was delicious! I have never had anything like that.  You could definitely taste the sweet potato and it was piled with chipotle mayo, homemade pickles and bib lettuce.  All sandwiches are served with kettle chips or you can upgrade to another side for an extra $3.00.  I stuck with the chips this time.  For $10, it was a solid sandwich and something I would go back and get. 
For all you meat lovers, everyone else in my group got meat and said it was really great.  They smoke and curate  their own meats and this is evident by the small when you walk in.  The menu changes and is listed on the wall when you walk in.  You are also able to buy all different cuts of meat to take home.  They also  have a large wine selection if you are wanting to buy a bottle to share there or take home.笑
Awesome place!! I came here for lunch on a Monday and it was quiet. They do not have a big menu for lunch but the have a good variety. I got the spicy barbacoa tacos (3) and my dad got the pulled pork sandwich. We both had a side of potato salad - it was good but it could have used some salt and pepper. The tacos were delicious but are quite spicy, they toast the tortilla which was a great addition. The pulled pork sandwich was very good, it has a really nice taste and the bread doesn't fall apart while you eat it! 

I am so glad that this place is in Solon, they have a quality butcher section as well as a wide wine selection and a few choices of beer. Hopefully, this place becomes even more well known than it already has!笑
The sign at the entrance says meat and wine.  They aren't kidding!  There are a variety of sandwiches from which we choose brisket and pulled pork. The meat portions were generous and tasty.  Sandwiches come with kettle chips.  The only issue is the tables were not clean and when we requested it be washed,  they just wiped it and didn't wash it off.  The food is top notch though.