went during remodeling, not such a good idea, especially while enjoying vegas. didnt know what i was walking into - turned out to be a remodeling hole in the wall. food was ok, nothing spectacular, had just as good back home in la! hopefully if i ever go back to ballys ( where they are located) i can see the new home of ichiban sushi and not the little office space they call the restaurant!Ǿ
3 stars for food, but minus 1 star due to exorbitant hotel pricing. 

I was in Vegas with 2 Japanese grandmas who were desperately in need of miso soup and rice. Now normally when in Vegas, I would get my Japanese (or any other Asian for that matter) fix on Spring Mountain Road, but since we were car-less, I figured we'd better stay close by. 

Ichiban Sushi is located inside of Bally's, but waaay on the other side of the entrance, near the monorail station. The employees are actually Japanese and I would say the food is more authentic than what you would get at Sushi Roku or Sushi Samba (or many other hotel Japanese restaurants). They have everything from sushi to udon/soba noodles and your typical teriyaki combinations. For us the food was just meh though and overpriced on top of that. I mean really, cucumber salad for $5?? Fried tofu for $7??

Needless to say, I won't be coming back and will instead make the 10 minute drive out off the strip.Ǿ
the real thing
its not "bunch of folks from Hong Kong as one reviewer said 
it's the real thing - Japanese owners, staff (and the night I went) - Customers!
and the sushi was the real thing! - the yellowtail and the eel were both excellent - 
salmon skin very fresh and delicious  - place is being remodeled, but i looked past that as should you =- good food comes in all sizes and shapes 
great food - would come backǾ
Nice fast service, decently priced, food pretty good.  Nice place to get an affordable meal on the strip.Ǿ
A hidden gem?  Perhaps.  
I expect good food in vegas but all the fancy places were 2hr wait.  Found ichiban in the basement of ballys.

Tamago was excellent
Salmon and a few rolls great .
Then I had some perfect Uni.
Then we tried a wonderful gindara (cod)
Finally I was treated to some of the best hamachi belly ever. 

I am a sushi snob and I will be back.Ǿ
Pretty good sushi.  Real japanese waitresses, which is always a plus.  Price isn't too bad for Vegas sushi joint.  I really enjoyed all their hand rolls (salmon, spicy salmon, tuna, and spciy tuna).  They have large selection of really good sake.  WARNING, don't drink the whole bottle by yourself, always share :)  Good environment, and staffs are really nice.  Service is quite fast and they are always prompt.Ǿ
I absolutely adore this place, and will make it a point to visit every time we get back to Las Vegas! 

My husband and I went here as our first dinner as a married couple after getting hitched @ the Vegas sign.  Before even knowing this our sweet and adorable waitress presented us with two shots of chilled sake which was absolutely delicious.  I had never had sake before, and I LOVE it! 

We ordered four different rolls (I honestly don't remember which ones now) and they were all absolutely fresh and delicious.  We sat at the bar and were able to watch them being made for us.  

My husband thanked the waitress for her kindness and informed her that we had just gotten married, so we really appreciated the hospitality and she disappeared really quick and came back with some shots of flavored sake which were even better! 

We were all done eating and requested our check, and it turned out the guy sitting down at the end of the bar from us had PAID for our meal!!! 

After finding this out, and my husband and I almost cried at all the kindness in such a strange new place (this was our first visit to vegas - i had dreams of being married in Vegas by Elvis since i was a little girl) our waitress came out of the back room with a sundae for us! 

It was seriously the best experience we had while we were there.  I cannot wait to visit again! 

The employees here are so sweet and the food is absolutely delicious!Ǿ
We were headed to California from Utah and wanted some sushi early in the morning.  This was one of the few restaurants open at 8 am so we decided to try it out. Unfortunately we weren't able to get sushi since they don't serve it until 11am. We were still glad they had a breakfast menu which included American and Japanese breakfast as well as handful of noodle bowl options.  

I had the Japanese breakfast and my girlfriend got the deep fried sweet tofu upon bowl. The miso soup was excellent and my breakfast was mostly really tasty. It had small portions of grilled salmon, rice, oranges, cantaloupe, soy beans, seaweed salad, and a regular salad with a light ginger dressing. Everything was delicious sans the fermented soybeans, but I'll attribute that to my own personal taste. It was also served with green tea which was great. 

The udon bowl was pretty typical, nothing fancy and the broth and noodles were good. The deep fried sweet tofu was kind of  different, but still kind of tasty.  
Just as note, their actual restaurant is still under construction and has been for 14 months. The server there mentioned that construction has stopped currently and the don't know when it'll be done. Overall, we really enjoyed our breakfast at Ichiban.Ǿ
They are still in the temporary location and the best thing about it is that they serve bottled spring water.Ǿ
Good stuff!  Went here with my brother and a friend for some good sushi at a reasonable price! That is just what we got!  Friendly service w/ thick accents and plenty of water to detox from all the boozing we'd been doing. One thing I would say is don't get the Philly roll unless u like lots of cream cheese.  The Philly rolls is something I DO normally enjoy but they happen to put a little too much cream cheese in their rolls for my liking.  The Spicy Tuna was -Okay- .  Not great, not bad but just okay.  My brother and friend however ordered delicious rolls that tasted great, and that is what ultimately restored my faith in this place. So despite my regretting my choice of rolls and my brother pointing out "Damn Mike, everyone got good rolls except you", Ichiban is a good choice for a casual, economic sushi-venture.Ǿ
A real keeper. Quality sashimi , generous and cheap by Vegas standards. I'll be back here a few times!!!Ǿ
Great sushi with a real Japanese Sushi Chef and Japanese people working there (and eating there so you know it's good).
The fish, especially the hamachi and sake, was very fresh- buttery soft and tasty without the fishy taste. Prices are good for being in a casino in vegas.
The axillary dining room we were in since they currently have construction going on was definitely weird but the food still came quickly from the kitchen and they put some decorations in to make it look nice.Ǿ
This is a tough one to write...but let's have a go.

Sushi: Excellent.

Service: Absolute Crap.  In town for a convention, staying at Bally's.  
We went twice, packed evening for dinner = slow & crappy, crappy service.
Next day for lunch (fairly empty, so hopeful, but) = slow & crappy, crappy service.  At the lunch service, two of my dining companions didn't get their salads & soups with the Lunch combos they ordered.  I tried to step up for the ladies (twice) and was summarily dismissed (twice)

OK - I had it at 2 stars, but after this writing, dropped it to one.  Restaurants provide a SERVICE.  I'm happy to pay for what I want, and in this country, it means paying the servers as well (since "wage" in American restaurants is like $2.70/hr).  I get it.  So I pay.
(Before you start in on me, Yes: I have worked as a server myself.)
If I don't enjoy the overall experience, I won't remember the food as nicely as I'd like.

That's all...Ǿ
We ate here for lunch and got lunch specials. Standard teriyaki fare which I thought was average. My sister got tenpura udon which was very plain, just noodles and broth. No green onion or egg, nothing. My dad had ika sushi which he said was very fresh. So I think this place probably fares better in sushi than bento.Ǿ
Definitely expected more from all the good reviews, but was disappointed.

My friend and I ordered: 
Udon with Egg - great broth, yummy noodles, but only 1 egg..
Double Spicy Tuna Roll - bland, not spicy. AT ALL. 
Hawaiian Poke Salad - strong soy sauce flavor. I love poke salad that's tangy with sweet and savory so this didn't float my boat. 

The tuna didn't taste fresh. I'm used to great quality sushi and big flavor in CA and Ichiban was subpar. Service was good. Value was not there. My friend and I spent more than enough to pay for AYCE @ Sushi on Tropicana. We should have done that...Ǿ
The sushi here is good, but not great. The flavors are there and the fish quality is good, but the butchering is poor. The staff are very friendly and the atmosphere is typical of a small neighborhood sushi bar. It is a bit expensive, but that is what you have to expect for sushi in Las Vegas.Ǿ
Had a great lunch here, and returned two days later for dinner with friends. I judge sushi joints by their sea urchin roe. Fresh and delicious! 

Staff was prompt and fun. Will be nice when they finally get in their new digs. For now, worth the trouble to search out.Ǿ
I am blown away there could be a  low review of this place. Best find in Vegas.  Yes, it is in a casino (Ballys), however it is very close to an exterior door and the monorail entrance. It is directly across from the Bally's sports book.  It is DEFINITELY not expensive based on the quality of food nor is it expensive based on typical Vegas standards. The atmosphere is absolutely nothing but who cares?  Close your eyes & eat some great great sushi!Ǿ
My friends and I went here because we were already in Bally's and didn't want to walk around searching for a sushi place to satisfy our craving. Walked up to the joint and you can tell it's small. There was a menu in the front and my husband pointed out the sushi boat and because we always want to eat a sushi boat at every restaurant we go to, we decided to go here. My friends never tried a sushi boat so they got one too. I was EXTREMELY dissapointed in the sushi love boat. It only had a roll of spicy tuna which was four pieces and a couple of nigiri (3 to be exact) and 4 pieces of sashimi which were the size of two of my fingers and I have small fingers. Then they gave us a couple of dumplings, slice of steak, two shrimp tempura and couple of vegetable tempura. The love boat which is suppose to feed two people could have just fed me alone and I would still be hungry. The love boat costs get this $55! NOT WORTH IT. Go elsewhere if you're in the mood for sushi. The only good thing here is the service. The waitress was very friendly to my friend. She was treated like she was the daughter or relative.Ǿ
What a great find! Sushi was excellent, fresh and tasty. Service was also prompt and friendly. In Bally's basement near Monorail.Ǿ
I am no sushi eater but, I can ate the tempura vegies, steamed rice, bbq chicken and they were very good. The misso soup was fresh made however, after having eaten at Wazuzu in the Encore,  it was not as good as their misso soup. The service is quick.  The prices very reasonable.Ǿ
Plus side: service was excellent. Price was more than acceptable considering the location (inside of Bally's food court/shopping area).

Neutral: tempura is entirely ordinary. Quality of the sashimi isn't bad.

Minus side: everything else. "Isn't bad" isn't exactly acceptable at this price, although it's not like we were expecting quality either. The sashimi is just barely "isn't bad" while the salmon was... well it wouldn't been okay if it was a third cheaper. That about sums up most of the meal...

Awful: the spicy yellowtail roll was so bad I can't even remember what it tastes like anymore. I think I was just eating it because I realized I'd already paid for it, and didn't want it to go to waste.

I know Vegas is pricey and I know I'm not going to be getting great or even very good sushi from a place like this, but given the price I was hoping it'd at least be okay. Next time, I'll spend 1/3rd the money and go get pizza somewhere, or make the drive to get something that's actually enjoyable...Ǿ
Do not eat at this place..WAY OVERPRICED for ok Sushi...
  I had lunch today and waited 40 min to get my 3 rolls. the restuarant was empty. I asked what the hold up was and was told that  the chef was doing inventory???? I was like can i get some Edamme while I wait?

The rolls came out and let's just say for $17.95 for a rainbow roll you would expect a good roll... It wasn't...
Then to top it off I was charged $4.95 for the edamme???? i was like WTH??? 

I would stay away from this place.....Ǿ
Based on service, authenticity, food, and price this place gets 5 stars. It is in the basement of ballys past the food court. (Keep going you'll find it). 
   Yes it's tiny. Yes the food is great. Our waitress was attentive polite and charming. We got 4 rolls for about $40. 
    Our food took awhile so our server gave us edamame and salad for free. 
    On the whole this was probably the best meal I had in Vegas. This includes a meal at the palm steak house in Caesars palace which was pricey and great also.
   Atmosphere is quiet and chill. Go there man.Ǿ
Sometimes after another late party night in Vegas, you don't really wake up craving regular breakfast (since you dont even wake up until 1 pm anyway), and greasy ass burgers and fries just don't sound that good either.

  Staying at the Flamingo, I remebered seeing this Japanese joint right next door in Bally's (located in the back where the sportsbook/pool/monorail is).

  They have a great Bento lunch set (3 types) all around $9-12 which is a cheap lunch for Vegas that isn't McDonalds/Quiznos. Their beer prices aren't too bad compared to most restaurants in the area (around $4, compared to the $6 in other places). We had a big group so we ordered almost 1 of everything on the menu, so I got to try out a lot of what they had to offer.  The sushi, chicken teriyaki, soba, udon, tempura, and salad were not the best i've had. However, they were still of good quality, came out quick, our service was friendly, and the food was delicious...and yes we were all sober at that time...so we could make good judgement.  By the way their fried Squid which came out looking like Katsu was delicious too.  
  If you're around the area (considering I wouldn't go too out of my way to get here if I was somewhere like Mandalay or Treasure Island), and like us just not craving the typical burger fries/pizza...this excellently priced delicious Japanese food is definitely worth a stop.
 
~GǾ
Solid four stars. Come on, I mean we're talking sushi in the desert. This place is pretty bombtastic. I mean I was here for 4 nights and came here twice! 

Their seafood salad - $16.50 for about 7 pieces of fresh sashimi, imitation crab, ebi, tomatoes, avocado, cucumbers, seaweed salad and greens and a ginger miso dressing. Totally healthy and totally yummy! 

My absolute favorite: jubilee roll. Take a look at my pictures, soo much fish in that roll! It's delicious!! :) their Agedashi tofu is good too. 

Oh also, their green tea is worth mentioning. For some reason their tea seemed extra "green tea" enhanced haha.

Waitresses are friendly too!Ǿ
Expensive and you will leave hungry.  We spent over 50 $ on dinner and it felt like an appetizer.  The waitress was attentive, to our neighbors, but could care less about our table.  She spoke very little english which made it hard to communicate with her.  Save your money on the sushi and hit somewhere else.Ǿ
I had lunch here twice and dinner once.   We were looking for something inexpensive and this place fit the bill.   I would have liked some pho but it would involve taking cab rides off the strip.

For lunch, I ordered the teriyaki chicken rice bowl special which came with a salad and miso soup for $8.99.

Dinner was good.... they had very decent maki rolls (try the playboy roll).

I would return.Ǿ
Good Japanese food in an informal setting. Large menu and reasonable prices, but not exceptional.  It gets a four.Ǿ
Being away from home, Hawaii, traveling to the mainland for a long period of time is difficult because we love our rice!! Which is why I'm sooo glad my husband and I found this place by accident back in 2009. Every time we come to Vegas, which is pretty often, we have to come here at least once during our trip! The price is decent for what you get and we have been lucky to get seated with the same waitress every single time! She's wonderful and remembers us every time we go. We just got back several weeks ago and will be returning there after our Japan trip!Ǿ
Sushi for days over here in Vegas, but truth be told it's all just so-so for anyone living in Cali. 

The main point I wanted to drop about Ichiban is that they have a phenomenal server named Pen. She is one of the sweetest, most genuinely kind people I've ever seen in this role. 

Friendly right from the get go. She kept coming back, answering questions, checking on things for us. She brought us a sample of a unique type of potato we had never heard of, cut fresh by the chef just because we seemed curious. I learned a few things that day, about huge rice balls and the fact that I do not like that potato.. 

Anyway, the food was solid. We had just rolled into town and needed food "stat" as the doctor would say. I would have said 3 stars because the meal did what it was supposed to; filled us up and didn't cost an arm and a leg, but Pen's service jumped it up another one just by being great. 

*tips sake glass for Pen*Ǿ
If you've got Vegas overload and want a quiet corner to have some decent Japanese food, go here. Accessible, although IIRC there's no in-restaurant bathroom, just one outside in the casino area (which was accessible).

This place hides in the corner of Bally's basement near the monorail entrance, and manages to achieve something like an oasis of Zen-like calm despite being in the basement of a casino. It is NOT a casino-owned restaurant, so you won't get comped - but you won't be paying prices inflated by comping, either. It isn't huge, so don't bring a huge gang of people, but a medium-size party could fit fine. There's sushi bar seating and tables. 

I've been here twice now. Each time, the place was largely full of actual Japanese people, either locals or tourists. Last time, one of the principal dancers from Bally's big show was there with some friends, and obviously liked the place (especially since she could surely get comped elsewhere). 

The food is average to good - and that's by my snobby San Francisco Japantown standards. I've had better Japanese in Vegas, for three times the price, but nothing in this range - which is why it gets four stars. Certainly way better than Todai or any of the buffet sushi! The service has always been great, attentive and friendly, tolerant of my sweetie's fumbling Japanese and always ready with more tea.Ǿ
Came here with my hubby and best friend. Apparently he comes here with his co workers often, or so our bank account told me.

Its place deep into Bally's where the food court is located. Its off to the right and can be easily found.

Its a nice, quiet small restaurant where they make the food fresh and right in front of you. Not to be racist but i get a kick that its a mexican making the sushi. It brought a smile to my face and a "i told you so" from the husband.

Waitress was very friendly, quick with service, answered my questions about different dishes and was reasonably priced. 

Ordered the lunch combination special, terryaki bowl. Very good and filling. I even had left overs. best friend and I decided to share the fried ice cream. OMG it was soo good and light. The fried part was very fluffy and not like mexican fried ice cream. it was tasty and big enough for all 3 of us to split. I was very impressed. its always fantastic to end a good meal with a mind blowing dessert.Ǿ
Terrible two women.  the rice is wet and I ask for change, but they just blablabla in Chinese. No recommend and will never back again. Food is so normal and the attitude is terrible.Ǿ
------------LUNCH ONLY----------
We switched from buffet to here after watching some promo on TV that featured a chef making sushi (so easily swayed, damnt). It's located in Bally's right near the pool. They're undergoing construction so THIS actual location was inside some small conference room nearby. 

The price is pretty decent considering it's Vegas. Lunch specials range from $9-13 for your typical entree + salad + miso. It's not the best sushi but it's definitely not the worst. Service was okay. I'd only come here if you have a massive craving for sushi but don't want to pay for quality.Ǿ
Tiger roll is spicy, but not to spicy and very yummy  Rainbow roll is yummy too. Service was friendly but a little off, which was odd because they weren't busy at all. I was the only person at the sushi bar at the time. Funny thing was that when I went to put in my sushi order with the sushi chef he acted all weird. Guess they usually have the waitresses take the orders and not the chefs. Just not what I was used to. But they didn't seen to be bothered very much and kept smiling back at me when they walked by.
 I will return here due to the quality of food, although the thickness of the cuts of fish wasn't the greatest.Ǿ
Okay the Sushi was tasty and the atmosphere was fun if not contrived. But we are in the posh part of Tuscon.  If you are young and rich come hang here :)
We had lunch specials and the sushi and sashimi and it was a relatively good deal with soup and salad. Ordered some individual pieces and they are a bit pricy. Quality fresh and wait staff (in our case the bartender) polite and prompt. we say outside at the high tops - open seating.Ǿ
Was deciding which one to walk in to... Ichiban or next door Nathan's.  After 5 minutes of observing each location, decided to go a bit healthy.  Food quality is fine (don't know about seafood based sushi/meals).  Service took longer than "normal".  So on the second day, I ordered simple dish to go from both here and Nathan's.  I got food ready from Nathan's in 6 min.  From Ichiban....  17 min.
For service quality(speed of meal preparation), I give 2 stars but food quality compensates (being nice here I am....) as well as staff member being apologetic for slow kitchen service (it's not their fault) so 3 stars.  
I think the chef is taking too much time to perfect the dish.... anyways... I enjoyed the taste of meal.Ǿ
Located on the mall level of Bally's hotel, Ichiban Sushi was really quite good for a little non-descript restaurant. The chef (at time of visit) was from Hawaii so he made some killer poki for us (including friends from the island). The sashimi was really fresh and the a la carte items were also very very tasty. We ended up eating there 2x out of a 4 day stay so that's saying something.Ǿ
Great for a sushi fix at a reasonable price.  Nothing fancy, but who needs fancy when Vegas is exploding with fancy everywhere else.Ǿ
The service was friendly at the front and with our server, but this sushi bar in the basement of Bally's is just a bit disappointing. The menu isn't imaginative, and the classics just don't taste great. Speaking of the menu, the plastic-coated menus have item after item and price after price crossed off in Sharpie, and when I'm spending $60-70 on lunch, that just isn't good enough.Ǿ
I was there this past weekend, went there on a Sunday Night with my husband and Brother in law. I absolutely fell in love with sushi at this restaurant. The food was was so good that the day after me and my husband were thinking about it, could not stop talking about how good the food was. My brother in law was even telling us how he loved the Dragon roll. My favorite roll was the Jalapeno Bomb Roll, delicious.Ǿ
Hokay. So, it's in the food court. I went around that thing twice and ended up picking this place, I should have stuck to Hot Dog on a Stick (you can never go wrong with anything on a stick). The sesame chicken was alright, the noodles tasted just plain creepy, they only give you one egg roll (i know  egg rolls don't grow on trees, but common now). I'll exchange my meal  there for a decent meal at Panda Express.

Sianara IchibanǾ
Great little hole in the wall place. Great service, no waiting and food taste good.Ǿ
First time visiting this restaurant.  It's still in the basement conference room around the corner from The Book.  They said they'd be back in their normal location in July--hopefully.  Food was delicious and the service is very good.  

I flew in from New York for a trade show and entered around 7:30PM--not a soul to be seen.  Was super-worried but not long after I ordered my food, the place was packed--with mostly Japanese regulars who seemed to know the employees/owners.  

I normally scarf two-roll lunch-specials with miso soup and remain hungry.  I ordered two rolls and a soup and my god--I LEFT FOOD ON THE TABLE.  The rice was fresh, pillowy and soft and the fish was fresh.  About half the clientele ordered soba or udon noodles.  They must be good here, too.Ǿ
My group and I had to eat before going to the Electronic Daisy Carnival in Vegas and we were craving sushi. The place is a tiny restaurant located in the lower level of Bally's Hotel and Casino. The staff was very friend. The decor was nothing amazing. For being a sushi restaurant in Vegas, the prices were reasonable. The sushi was fresh and the tempura udon was DELICIOUS. 4 rolls, udon, pot stickers, edamame, miso soup, and green tea cost about $75. There was not a thing left on our plates. I highly recommend it for cheap(er) sushi on the strip. Great and friendly service as well!Ǿ
Hidden deep in the underbelly of Bally's hides a nondescript sushi haven.  This is not a see-and-be-seen sushi scene, but the fish is fresh and affordable. It's the type of place where if you ask for low-sodium soy, the server will give you a friendly nod while pretending he doesn't speak English. But if you have people that continually trickling in to join you, they will happily accommodate a table change and pull up a couple extra chairs.  If you want to get away from the glitz and glamour, but not good taste, this is your place!Ǿ
Nice people and great food for while at the sports book.   Quality Sushi at reasonable prices.Ǿ
It was a random Tuesday, my friends and I took a spontaneous road trip to Las Vegas. I was browsing at a magazine in the Hooter's Hotel on the July 2010 issue of "The Complete Guide to go Where: Las Vegas," (wheretraveler.com). As i was browsing this small description under the "The Guide: Dining" on ICHIBAN SUSHI  in BALLY'S stated: A rotating sushi bar presents selections that gently glide by your chopsticks. WRONG; FALSE ADVERTISEMENT!!

My friends and I went into this sushi bar thinking there was going to be an actual rotating sushi bar. We thought wrong. The restaurant was a little small, no doubt there used to be a rotating sushi bar. I honestly thought it was hidden somewhere. I asked the waitress what happened to the "rotating sushi bar" and she said that "WE USED TO HAVE IT BEFORE WHEN WE FIRST OPEN." Now, how long ago was that? She claimed that it was "HARD TO MAINTAIN." Explain why it was on the most recent July '10 issue? This seriously was a bummer, we expected one thing and got another.

This regularly priced sushi joint wasn't bad, it was actually okay. I ordered Spicy Yellowtail and Spicy Mini Scallop cut roll. It was pretty good, i enjoyed the sriracha (rooster sauce) in the little mix with the raw fish. Oh man that was tasty. We also ordered Shrimp Tempura with Udon Noodles. This dish took quite some time to serve. The shrimp tempura was small, I've seen a larger tempura at "Mako in Los Feliz, CA." Overall, my experience was okay, this place is marginal. There are better sushi joints out there were you can get the full experience of a rotating sushi bar.Ǿ
I would give this a solid 3.5 stars. We were looking for a place to get a small dinner and came across this while making our way through Ballys/Paris.

We were seated and attended to quickly. Our waitress was really nice, always made sure we had what we needed. We ordered a philly roll, crunch roll, and a couple pieces of octopus. Everything was really good and made well.  Sushi came out quick, but not so quick you are wondering if its fresh. Sapporo's were nice and cold. A nice touch was they brought us a hot cup of green tea at the end of our meal.

I think they may suffer from being in such an odd area. We would definitely come back if we made it that far into Bally's again and were craving sushi.Ǿ
Great, inexpensive Vegas find, smack in the heart of the strip, hidden away on the bottom level of Bally's (near the Sbarro). Got edamame and two rolls for just under $20, so not terribly overpriced either. Portions were generous, and food tasted fresh. Great service as well. Would definitely return.Ǿ
Ichiban Sushi is a comfortable casual place in the rear of Bally's on the way to the monorail station. I found this place 5 years ago while attending a trade show. I decided to try Ichiban as I noticed that most of the patrons visiting that week were Japanese nationals away from home wanting Japanese cooking. I have dinner here at least twice for my once a year visit while I'm in Vegas for the week. Ichiban is perfect after spending a whole day on the convention floor. The atmosphere is lively but tame enough  to have a conversation should you wish to have friends join you for dinner. 

I found that I liked Ichiban because of the variety of ala-carte items, and many items that you won't find in the high priced/high end sushi places that are plentyful in Las Vegas. The appetizer list is long so you won't run out of items to try. I rate the sushi as good, but not in the high end of excellent. Don't get me wrong, the sushi is still very tasty, fresh, and delicious. 

I ordered everything ala-carte, starting with sake and a beer chaser. Meanwhile an order of sushi consisting of, mackerel, tuna, unagi, and halibut await. The sushi order took longer than expected, so don't be in a hurry if you order sushi. There are two chefs handling all of the sushi orders. As an appetizer I ordered nato tofu or hiyayako tofu. On one night I had chicken udon and the next night I had broiled black cod and some pickled vegetables. Both items came with miso soup which was excellent. The oyako domburi is also good dish to order. All dinners finished with green tea. 

I feel that many of the dishes served can be described as Japanese comfort food; overall a delicious and satisfying experience. Both waitresses Pen and Midori were very attentive, personable, and took care of my dining needs. Ichiban is open on some nights until 11:00PM which is great since I like to eat late after 9:00 PM.Ǿ
Three stars means A-OK and that's what this place is, OK. Not bad, not awesome, but halfway decent. 

I have to say that the service is very good. They're really friendly here and bend over backwards to make sure you are happy. It's a pretty small place but clean and comfortable with the fun lobster tank outside.

We basically came here because it was close by to the hotel and it was relatively cheap. There is certainly much better sushi to be had in Vegas and there is certainly much better AND more expensive sushi to be had. We wanted to keep things easy and cheap. 

They have a good selection and all the usual suspects are present. Didn't see any particularly unusual or creative things on the menu but you've got your spicy tuna, salmon skin, rainbow rolls and all the rest. The fish was pretty fresh and it was presently nicely but it just lacked a "Wow this is so delicious" factor. Salmon skin was a little fishy and the spicy tuna a little chewy and not as spicy as I would like. 

I do think it's an OK value if you are lazy and cheap and in the area but I wouldn't make any specific plans on coming here as it wasn't that good. Next time I would probably make the effort to go somewhere with better quality food for similar prices (even if it means not being so lazy and actually getting into a cab).Ǿ
Located in Bally's, this place has decent sushi but nothing really to write home about.  Had lunch here on a Saturday afternoon.  Sushi is always good hangover food for me.  

Had a rainbow roll, spicy yellowtail roll and some salmon nigiri, all for around 36 dollars.  Little more than what I would expect to pay, but the quality was decent enough.  I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but at the time it seemed better than Nathan's or Sbarro.Ǿ
I really enjoyed lunch here.  Learning about Japanese culture is a hobby of mine, including learning the language and food.  So I enjoy a chance to eat at Japanese restaurant.

The signs and menus all had both English and Japanese.  That's usually a good sign, it means they expect to serve people from Japan who know what how Japanese food should taste.  It also usually means the staff speaks Japanese, so I can get in a bit of practice ordering in Japanese.

I decided to go with a "bento" box lunch special.  I like "bento", because it is the traditional Japanese lunch, and I get to try little tastes of different things.  In this case, the bento came with miso soup, rice, salad, vegetable and shrimp tempura, and chicken terriyaki.  All were very good.  I was impressed by the quality of the chicken meat, and how light the terriyaki sause was (instead of the usual heavy, sticky, syrupy terriyaki).  I topped it off with a cold Sapporo beer.  A very satisfying lunch.

The staff was also very nice, greeting us with the traditional "Irrashai!".  My wife is not very experienced with chopsticks, and the waitress provided her a set of "chopstick helpers" to make it easier for her to eat.  She tolerated my ordering in Japanese without any problems.  And she quickly provided my wife with an extra helping of terriyaki sauce when asked.

I only had a few minor complaints.  Our waitress was occassionally busy doing other tasks and sometimes took a while to check on us.  And the menu was a bit more limited than some places.  

Overall, this was a nice, casual, quiet place for a good lunch.  I would be happy to go there again.Ǿ
Spicy tuna and spicy salmon is the hottest I have ever had. Too hot! Liked this place though, and the prices were right!  We will be back!Ǿ
Right now their real location is under construction, as several other reviewers mentioned. Their current spot is in a cozy little conference room, which certainly lacks the flair that a lot of places on the Strip have. But...! (You should have seen that coming...) But, the service is amazing. Chika was our utterly adorable and funny waitress, when the staff graciously let our group of six in close to closing. All but one of us were stunned by the quality of the sushi rolls in the basement of Bally's, tucked away in a conference room by the pool. It was our last night, but I regret not trying their bento lunch specials. It was a quite, perhaps unexpected atmosphere, but entirely enjoyable. I will have to go back next time I am there.Ǿ
Great price for sushi especially for Vegas! I visit this place every time I visit Vegas. The staff is super friendly and it is rarely crowded as it is a hidden jewel in the bottom of ballys :)Ǿ
Great affordable sushi place on the Vegas strip without the $$$$ prices. This sushi restaurant is located in the basement of Ballys Hotel just next to Sbarros and the Sports book and some mall like kiosks. So this place isn't well known since it's away from the foot traffic but you get some excellent quality sushi but don't expect the atmosphere and decor to be like Blue Ribbon Sushi in the Cosmopolitan or Japonis at the Mirage.Ǿ
Casual Sushi

Friendly service, nothing ritzy or Vegas about this place just somewhere to eatǾ
we were in the mood for sushi after my wifes half marathon in vegas, but the Todai buffet was closed. we accidentally found this place in the bottom of Bally's. 

they do serve sushi, but we both had a chill so we opted for 2 of their soba noodle soups. i had the mushroom, the wife had the vegetable. they tasted like any other noodle shop soup....good/fine. 

i will say although i was fine with the food, i was surprised at the place itself. it is small....like 6 tables small. however...if your dinner patrons are all of the same ethnicity as the place itself, and the only language being spoken in the restaurant is that ethnicity, i feel like it might be pretty authentic. please don't judge, but based on that, i assume this place might be quite the real deal. alas, my japanese cultural experience is limited to an airport in tokyo, so forgive me. 

prices were decent and service was prompt.Ǿ
This place is a find!  Its just far enouph away from the stip for the atomosphere to be quite and calm.  It can be found  inside ballys casino by the pool.  The sushi is really good and service was fast.  They also have a secret menu that includes items like the playboy roll and lion roll.  Ask the wait staff about it. Overall delicious with a simple feel.Ǿ
I would say, this is one of the best sushi place that I ever went. the service was excellent, they served us really good, the people were super nice, The food was awesome, I had shrimp tempura which is came with miso soup, salad and rice.. awesome.. my husband had sushi (super delicious) and udon, he seems satisfied.. the chef I think is really japanese, so they now what they were doin. I came from maryland which you never see any sushi chef that were japanese.. ahaha.. so, they deserved my 5 stars..Ǿ
Beware: remodeling is still ongoing as of May 2013. The interim location is down the escalators and then keep right. That location is clearly a 1-Star environment, but we did not mind too much and enjoyed that we did not have to wait to be seated at 8 pm. Food is 4 star: we had rainbow rolls and nigiris. The salmon nigiri was 5 stars, however, the rest was 4 when comparing to our favorite Seafood-Restaurant at home.

Prices are okay, probably Las Vegas standard. Rainbow roll was $16.

So as long as you set your expectations right with respect to the location, you should be fine.Ǿ
Used Yelp to find this sweet spot....... hidden away in the Bally's Strip mall you wouldn't think for a second that this place would be worth stopping for....but STOP!!!! Fresh Fish!!! OK were downtown Vegas and some of these high dollar spots are dropping Bad fish on people so to find a lil spot that still cares is refreshing...Ǿ
Great authentic Japanese food for a great price too.  I have to go to this restaurant when I go to Las Vegas.Ǿ
The Chriashi sushi bowl was excellent, the fish was really really smooth and perfectly cut. I would definitely get it again!Ǿ
When I need a Japanese food fix and I am too lazy to get out and go to Ichiza, I roll here when I am staying at Bally's.  It is located downstairs next to the sports book, tucked away in the back of the casino.  On game day, this place gets very loud, so if you are looking for a quiet place to eat, make sure it is not March Madness or the Super Bowl.

The place is fairly small with counter service for about 12 and about 10 tables.  They could probably put together a group of 8 or so, but I would not recommend attempting this.

The place usually has one or two Japanese speakers if in case that is some sort of necessity here.

It is a bit pricey for the quality of food.  $15 or so for most dinners such as pike mackeral or pork cutlet.  If you want to go cheap, you can get the bowls or eat here for lunch specials.  I have never bothered with their sushi or tempura.  I don't recommend you do so unless you aren't very picky.

Anyhoo, at least they ask whether or not you want your miso soup before the meal or with it.  In case such things are important for you to know, miso soup is supposed to be served with the meal.  Personally, I don't care one way or the other, but it is a good check point for if you are an authenticity nut.

This place is exactly on par with the old Sushi King at the Stardust.  Serviceable when you need Japanese food and some green tea.

And please... if you are trying to impress someone, pick up the phone and call Ichiza and make yourself a reservation instead of eating here.Ǿ
what a hell the miso soup and rice! yuck!!!!! That's my soup and rice is wayyyyy better than theirs! But Tempra and Soba were yummy!Ǿ
Excellent service! For a non- sushi lover I wad impressed with the selection of other types of food. Deep fried jalepeno's stuffed with tuna

Loved the food and enjoyed the service! Our server was so helpful and adorable!Ǿ
Ichiban is my go to sushi place.

Amazing prices, fantastic service, very friendly. I wish there was an Ichiban in every city so I could go to them every day.Ǿ
Great food at reasonable prices!! Yelp helped us find Ichiban, which is on the lowest level (basement) of Bally's. I had the lunch special with teryaki chicken and tempura shrimp and veggies, which came with miso soup and a side salad. It was super yummy, and quite a bit of food for only $10!  My boyfriend had two sushi rolls - spicy tuna and spicy yellow tail. Both were priced around $8. I am not a huge fan of the raw fish sushi, but the yellow tail was INCREDIBLE! Very fresh and flavorful without that "fish" flavor. I highly recommend Ichiban if you are in Vegas and craving Japanese/sushi! :)Ǿ
Nice quality tuna excellent use of sesame seed on the sushi roll positive experience tried the jalapeno bomber hotttt!Ǿ
I think this might be the only good food in all of Bally's casino.  Nothing amazing, but at least a decent meal in a casino full of terrible food.Ǿ
Disappointing. Avocado was hard in the sushi roll
NO HOǾ
Restaurant didn' seem complete but the quality of the sushi was great! We ordered the Vegas roll, Unagi Roll, California Roll, Eel Sushi, and tuna sushi.They messed up on our order but made up for it by giving us extra sushi. Wait staff was nice and I would definately come back here next time I visit Vegas.Ǿ
Very standard Japanese food, nothing out of the ordinary. Waitresses are really nice and polite. Prices are affordable, absolutely nothing makes this restaurant unique. Oh by the way, this place isn't a restaurant (yet?), it's a conference room with 8 tables. You will laugh when you see the place. They bring in the food from a kitchen outside of the restaurant and it gets pushed in a little trolley with your food covered in plastic wrap. Hilarious, really. The fish is fresh so go ahead and order that to your hearts content; the regular food is pretty standard and nothing you haven't had before. Try it out if you're tired of fancy food and sick of the McDonald's dollar menu.Ǿ
What a pleasant surprise to find this place in the basement of Bally's!  It is near the monorail station, next to a Sbarro's!  What a great place to hide a good sushi restaurant!  

I only ate edamame, a California roll and tuna sashimi, but both were outstanding.  The ambiance is nothing special, as you might expect, but the quality of the food made up for it.  Arigato Ichiban!Ǿ
Good authentic Japanese cuisine.  I very much enjoyed my oyako donburi and a few Kirins.Ǿ
Average sushi.  Prices a bit higher then average.  Not worth it.Ǿ
Japanese style breakfast. I don't know if other place serve like this in vegas.  Salmon, sweet egg, Nori, Kombu and miso soup.  Love it!Ǿ
Tasted fresh. I ordered the ahi poke. Service was good and the fish tasted fresh. Little heavy on the soy. Not too much diversity in the rolls. Menu in japanese/english to cater to both cultures.Ǿ
My good friend George and I have come here a couple of times. Had a taste for sushi so got on the tram next to my hotel and buzzed over to Bally's. Regular Japanese style food. Sushi, miso soup, and some hot tea did the trick. I was appreciative of the waitress to steer me away from the "baby scallop roll" 
Everything else was good.Ǿ
Okay i usually eat here when i go to vegas when i stay at the Paris Casino.

1. sushi is very fresh
2. service is good
3. Everything that ive tried has been fresh and tasty.
4. ive had the lunch bento its very good and filling.
5. my favs are rainbow roll, futomaki, spicy scallop roll,  their nigiri is good also.

6. My only complaint and they would get five stars is the price, it's pricey i guess rent on a strip casino is not cheap.

Its runs me about $50 which includes tip for myself when i go eat sushi here.

If your gonna eat at the strip for sushi i do recommend IchibanǾ
When I'm in Vegas and just want straightforward sushi for lunch, I usually go here by default.  It's pretty out of the way, in the down the escalator basement area of Bally's hotel near the sportsbook.  Pretty uninviting actually, you have to walk through this 80's like mall area where they sell these cheap globes and souvenir stores, past the Sbarro pizza next to the sportsbook until you finally get to the entrance. The reason I keep coming back even though I never stay at Bally's is because it's decent food and the other strip sushi place, Hamada Sushi of Japan, doesn't sell sushi during the daytime for some reason. 

I usually order their assorted lunch sushi special, which is 5 pieces of sushi (salmon, tuna, yellow tail, shrimp, tamago (the egg omelet sushi), and a california roll for $12.95. Really good bargain, and I really like their onigiri rice balls too.  Service is super friendly and they're always checking on me no matter how busy they are which I really appreciate.  It's a great place for sushi, and I don't feel like I'm in Vegas when I eat here.Ǿ
I suggested we try this place for lunch based on reviews on Yelp, and ended up very happy that we did!

Our server was friendly and more than willing to make suggestions and accommodate special orders. She recommended the Dragon Roll, since I mentioned we were a fan of eel, and it was a great suggestion! Very fresh and well balanced. We also go the spicy yellowtail with avocado, which is one of my favourite rolls. The yellowtail isn't just sitting around in the spicy sauce, the sushi chef makes it fresh when you order it, and it shows. Ample amounts of fish with the perfect amount of avocado, with a decent kick. I think this was my favourite dish. We also got the jalapeno poppers. Beware, these guys will leave their mark! Deep fried jalapenos (seeds still present) stuffed with spicy tuna, drizzled with eel sauce. Holy runny nose, Batman! We actually had to order a side of white rice to help with the heat, and both of us can handle hot foods. These were sooooo spicy, but sooooo good! 

Average price for sushi, it was about $50 for the both of us, including tip. Keep in mind that a) it's sushi, b) it's on the Vegas strip. It was a perfect meal in the middle of a ridiculously hot day.Ǿ
I'm SO glad that we found this place! The sushi was fantastic and the staff was incredibly nice. We got takeout after being lost on the strip and they gave us ice water while we waited. After a short monorail ride back to our hotel, the sushi was still divine. We intend to come here every time we come to Vegas!Ǿ
A hidden gem under Ballys. We had some great fish and prompt service. Will be back next time I'm in the area. Booyah!Ǿ
"Yay no sleeepie all gamblie"

"This is tuna and this is crabstick"

"no probrem"

I thought ichiban meant number 1. They remind you at the door. As a complimentary service they have an illiterate lady from hong kong constantly translating ichiban. 

If you didn't know that the country of japan is the origin of any type of cuisine, this place is for you. In fact, if you have no idea what Japanese food is then your ignorance will be bliss.

Subpar food, service is poor. May be an illegal front for Chinese immigrant racket. Bottom line: if you were thinking sbarros, do sbarros.Ǿ
I had lunch there and was really impressed.  I had the Tempura Udon which was alright, but nothing to get excited about.  The caterpillar roll was very good, but not enough to save the entire experienceǾ
Sushi and value, that's what this place is all about.  If you're interested in paying for the decor and beautiful waitresses, don't come here.  If you are a Benihanas person, there are better places for you.  If you're rating Katsu-ya 4 and 5 stars in (Los Angeles), this is probably not your cup of tea.  If you like simple, authentic, fresh sushi at very reasonable prices considering the location on the strip, I highly recommend this place.  If it matters to you, most of the staff, including the sushi chef, is Japanese.  The average rating is way too low, but to each his own.Ǿ
Probably the best (and perhaps only) "no frills" Japanese restaurant you can find on The Strip. By the time you're reading this they might have already moved into their renovated location (exciting!), but if not they're still temporarily in a converted conference room at the end of the corridor leading to the monorail/pool underneath Bally's. This works in your favor for now, since it keeps it less well-known, out of sight and therefore rarely busy. Great for a quiet late lunch/dinner, or take out.

I would compare the quality of the food to that of a good Japanese restaurant in the Bay Area, for those of you familiar, but with slightly higher prices (combination dinner + a roll is about $30) since it is, after all, on The Strip.

What I usually get:
- Combination lunch/dinner. Salad comes with miso dressing. Tempura is fried just right. Teriyaki chicken is crispy, not drenched in sauce. Portions are slightly smaller than what you'd expect, but everything is done well. If you order to-go they include the miso soup.
- A roll. Standard sized, a couple of dollars more than average ($13 - $17 instead of $10 - $13).

The (very friendly) staff are actually Japanese and speak Japanese to each other, if that matters. When I order for take out they bring me water or tea in a portable cup while I wait, which is a very nice touch.Ǿ
This place is great when you dont want to get all fancy on sushi and need a low-key place.

Whenever I go here, I usually get their bento box of chicken teriyaki.  With the box, you get miso soup, salad, tempura and rice/chicken.  The chicken is grilled and done to perfection.  

I've also had their rolls of the Double spicy tuna roll which was delicious.Ǿ
Had great sushi here on my last night in Vegas!  I was staying at Bally's Hotel / Casino, and after I checked out I had to kill some time before getting my shuttle to the airport.  My dinner was delicious, and of course the wine was fantastic!Ǿ
Somehow there's super fresh and delicious sushi in Bally's basement. Okay, not the basement but the bottom floor where the pool is... and the Sbarro. 

A huge group of friends and I ate here while taking a break from our fab cabanas. It was perfect. Refreshing and tasty. The prices are about right for a small place like this in Vegas, but the service is totally flawless. Our waitress was so accommodating and sweet and never once seemed flustered at our multiple demands and checks. 

I like their menu, it's very authentic with its a la carte items (which caters surprisingly well to vegetarians and vegans). They also have tons of fun creative rolls. 

This place is definitely a diamond in the rough and worth checking out.Ǿ
This is located inside Bally's.  It's casual dining.  The service was prompt.

The gyoza was probably factory made.  Some of the factory made gyozas are rather good, but not these.  They lacked flavor and were mostly vegetables.  The sushi roll was good as it should be since this is a Japanese run operation.  

The chicken teriyaki was overly Americanized with the sauce being much too sweet.  The tempura was good.Ǿ
I came to Ichiban Sushi with familiarity because I have one near me back home.  It was around lunch time and I wasn't in the mood to spend at lot nor stuff myself silly, so I opted for Ichiban since it was in my hotel (Bally's).  The food isn't really much to brag about, just your usual Japanese Food selections, sushi, donburi, and bento boxes.  I picked up the Chicken Teriyaki on rice.  Considering that during that trip all I've had were buffets, burgers, and sweets, it was a nice change of pace and very welcoming.  I had a very friendly waitress and got my food quick, although there weren't many people in the restaurant at the time.  Next time I stay at Bally's, I will always consider Ichiban an option if I don't want anything too flashy or expensive.Ǿ
Decent sushi. Not amazing wow sushi but good and fresh. Nice server. Environment is down and dirty one star. Not much cheaper if at all cheaper than Ra which is much better food. If I ever find myself in the basement of Harrah I might stop in again but its not worth going out of your way for.Ǿ
This is my favorite sushi restaurant in Las Vegas. It is not an upscale fancy place, but your typical sushi setting type. but it has by far the best quality food~

Two things you must try!!!!!

1. ANYTHING with EEL on it.  Caterpiller/dragon.  For some reason, this place serves the best eel on it.  They make it extra soft, and extra hott! 
it is by far the best eel I have ever tasted it. you would think how can an eel taste good. but this is mind blowing!

2. Spicy scallop handroll!! or spicy scallop nigri (2 pieces with rice)? Hotegai is scallop.
Their spicy scallop is mind blogging!!!it is perfection. the sauce is to die for!! not any typical sauce!! 

If you must get other stuff, do so at ease.  You must try their top two!!!!
The server asked us if we wanted their house speciality that day "toro" fatty tuna.  They didnt really trick us, but they did.  We didn't know each piece was 20/ and we got 2.  For two pieces of sashimi!

But me and my boyfriend come here with every visit to LVǾ
This is an old style Japanese sushi restaurant where you can relax and enjoy your dinner and conversation. Tucked away at the back of the casino, you can get great sushi, beer, and sake at extremely reasonable prices.  The overall ambiance of the restaurant is the old style sushi house before things got modern and rock n roll.  In addition to the traditional sushi they offer all kind of fusion rolls as well so sushi novices can also enjoy.  As a Japanese sushi restaurant Ichiban Sushi is just as good as any traditional sushi bar.  But the real reason I frequent this place is great conversations you can carry on with the Japanese chef Sho H who has many interesting stories to tell.Ǿ
This is extremely hole in the wall inside of the BALLYS hotel down one level where all the shops are. Hard to find but way worth it. The food was terrific and delicious. The prices were very reasonable but the service was outstanding. My server tonight was IVY and she was very friendly and gave great suggestion. She was accommodating to our wants and requests and a great host. I'd definitely recommend this place to others. Please find this place. It's worth the effort.