Heard good things about this restaurant..took my boyfriend for what I thought was going to be a great dinner..we were shuffled to a back room with bright lights and dirty looking chairs...our entrees showed before our salads. ...my chicken parm was served swimming in water...told my server he took it in the kitchen and dumped out the water and brought it back...now I had soggy food...I asked another server for our check after waiting another twenty minutes with no return....asked who the manager was..it was our server...complained to her about our food and service...to top everything...he couldn't be man enough to even come and apologize...she brought back the check..disappointed is an understatement....don't waste your money.笑
One of my favorite places, definitely my favorite casual Italian place. Stepping in here is like stepping into somebody's home for dinner. The chairs and dishes don't all match each other, but they don't need to as long as the food is delicious, which it definitely is. 

This is the kind of place you go when you want to bring a bottle of wine and chat with friends for a few hours. It's a little slow, but it's the perfect environment to relax and eat, and the staff is really friendly. They start you off with their flat bread with amazing dipping oil. I would love to be able to make this at home because it's the best dipping oil I've ever had. It's full of herbs and so much garlic...my favorite. 

I've been here a few times and have tried a lot of their pastas. It's all amazing. The last time I went this weekend, I got the chicken parm, which was a huge piece of chicken parm on top of spaghetti with red sauce, with a little bit of alfredo drizzled on top. Even the leftovers the next day were delicious. Even their homemade salad dressings are amazing. I prefer the Italian dressing, but love their ranch too. 

One new thing we tried on this trip was the sauteed mushroom appetizer, which was gigantic and tasted awesome. Mushrooms and onions sauteed in a wine sauce, and then covered in provolone. We passed it around the table and everyone wanted some. Even my boyfriend who only just started eating mushrooms loved it.

Seriously worth checking out. Go there as soon as you can!笑
A perfect place to sit and sip and with friends over good Italian food. We went on a Friday evening and the place was packed, understaffed, and slow. That  was fine though, since we were looking to hang out with friends and enjoy our BYOB wines. 
The food was quite good. The Alfredo sauce on my ravioli was perfect. The house baked bread is good. The soup of the day was excellent. Chris was friendly and accommodating. We all enjoyed ourselves and will return. 
Just make sure if it's a weekend evening that you have time to linger.笑
Reply to "Kate L."  --  Did you look at their hours posted on their website?
It's cozy, unique, and NOT a chain!

Our Hours:
TUESDAY-THURSDAY: Lunch 11am-2pm - Dinner 4pm-8pm.
FRIDAY: Lunch 11am-2pm - Dinner 4pm-9pm.
SATURDAY: Dinner 4pm-9pm.
Sunday and Monday Closed.

Everything is so uniquely homemade, it's top quality food and a special experience, at very reasonable prices.  Reminds me a little of Clifford's Restaurant near Evans City, PA, only much more affordable, and the now-closed Der Kleiner Deutschmann in Springdale.  I found them while searching online for somewhere different to eat near Pgh. Mills Mall in Tarentum before a movie.  It's very close to the mall.笑
What a Gem.  In a old white house with food like your Italian grandmother made (OH Yeah, I'm not Italian, like you think an Italian grandmother would make).  The inside is like walking into someone's older house with larger tables and chairs.  

You are served fresh homemade Tuscan bread that must be meant for dipping in your salad or sauces. Yum!  

A varied menu with a Frittata on it.   There are a few different pastas with about 8 different homemade sauces that I hear are very good.   Introduced to this little gem by some colleagues that have been here many times.

Ordered the Chicken Salad which has hot green beans (fresh) and carrots  (fresh) with tomatoes (fresh), black olives and shredded cheese on some fresh lettuce with a raspberry vinaigrette dressing.  Delicious!  The chicken was cut up pieces of chicken breast that tasted like it had been on the grill out back. Delicious!  

The Sauteed Veggie Salad looked scrumptious with the assorted hot veggies on a bed of lettuce.

Heard that the deserts are great but did not have room to indulge.  

Will be back to try the deserts and pasta, for sure!笑
I have lived only a handful of miles from Emilia's for 30+ years and just went there this week.  Don't make my mistake and dismiss this wonderful restaurant!  Although outdated in décor and atmosphere, the quality of the food more than makes up for it.  Your meal will be served piping hot, and in large portions. BYOB and enjoy your dinner.  I will go back SOON!笑
I was looking for new place to take some out of town visitors to in the north hills of Pittsburgh. Several friends had recommended Emelia's Garden in Cheswick, PA so I decided to give it a try.

Emelia's is housing within a residential home complete with friendly dog as their greeter. The décor can best be described as rustic and somewhat dated. The chef/waiter was very friendly, informative and attentive despite filling in for the normal waitress.

The menu was surprising diverse for such a small establishment. We choose the Shrimp Diablo, Ziti & Meatballs with tomato basil sauce and Spaghettini & Meatballs with Pomodoro sauce, wedding soup, and Garlic Dipping Oil to go along with our bread. All the dishes that we choose were flavorful, properly seasoned and generously; the Shrimp Diablo was delicious and had a pretty good kick to it. A few of us checked out the desserts and weren't disappointed; the Chocolate Mousse Cheesecake was excellent.

Lastly, Emelia's Garden allows patrons to BYOB, doesn't charge a corking fee and the chef/waiter gladly offered to open our bottle for us.笑
My wife & I along with 3 friends went here last night-Saturday. We made reservations earlier-which I recommend. We all ordered different entrees and all were delicious. The food was all made to order. BYOB or Beer--No corkage fee. Prices were very reasonable. Casual dress--nothing fancy. It is actually a house converted for restaurant usage--like eating in your home. We highly recommend it and WILL be making a return trip.笑
Great meal!   I live not too far from Emilia's and can't believe I just went there for the first time.  The food was fantastic and the prices very reasonable.  The bread and oil appetizer is a must!  Got the Torteloni for an entree and devoured it, really good red sauce that I sopped up with bread (homemade foccocia) after the pasta was gone.  BYOB as well!   Will definitely be back!笑
The food was very good and plentiful but overshadowed by unpleasant servers and dirty dishes. It was  good reasonable food but the overall experience does not want us to return.笑
Emilia's Garden catered an event I attended recently and I was amazed at the flavor and authenticity of the dishes! Great salad and bread too! Homestyle delicious and hardy portions!笑
This is an incredible family restaurant. I went with my parents, and we felt like we were right at home. The food was fresh and authentic Italian with huge servings. Service was warm and welcoming. Recommend a visit if you are in the area.笑
Great red sauce!  The chicken New Orleans is a different twist.  Tastes almost Indian.  Don't expect great service or attention and be prepared to be kicked our promptly at 8:30. No lingering after dinner here.  Food is a 5 but service is a 3 at best.笑
Hmmm...Emilia's was interesting! We had a neighbor plan an outing here for our monthly Ladies Night. We were here on a weeknight, so I'd like to see if things are different on a weekend, but the clientele seemed to be 65+. The restaurant is inside a house, which is fine, but it is a little odd because it looks like they just removed all of the furniture and replaced it with tables and chairs.The interior is also very outdated and very home-like. It reminded me of a grandmother's house. So if you are all about ambiance, this may not be your place. The service was great though. We called ahead and asked for an outdoor table because it was an unusually warm November night. They must have had most of their outdoor seating put away for the season, but they still managed to get some mismatched tables out there to seat our large group of 8 or 9 people and we were very appreciative! Our water cups were red solo cups, which was interesting. They provided complimentary bread which was really good. They also have a dipping oil you can purchase from the menu and if I come back, I want to try it. I ordered carbonara and although the description said it had egg in the sauce, I didn't expect the sauce to be quite so eggy tasting so I didn't really enjoy it. That is maybe my own fault though. I'd like to give them another chance because I have heard great things about their food.笑
Good homemade Italian food!  You wouldn't know it's a restaurant from outside but don't let that stop you from eating here.  Chef#owner was very accommodating.    This is not fast food, so bring a bottle of wine and sit back and enjoy your dinner.笑
This is one of our favorite restaurants in Pittsburgh. It's BYOB and there is no corkage fee. The food is fantastic and they have free foccacia baked fresh daily to go with your meal. It is extremely casual and quaint. If you are looking for a romantic place to go this is not it, but if you are looking for great food at a great price then Emilia's is for you.笑
This is our favorite place ! My son has his favorite pasta dish here and the wife loves the shrimp scampis. Chef Chris is a great guy overall !!笑
Love this place!  Food is tremendous.  Eclectic furniture and dishes.  I have never been disappointed except when they are full and you can't get in.  Call ahead is best bet.  Bread and dip to die for.  They should consider getting some newer chairs, mix/match is fine but they're getting worn
.笑
Awesome place! Went here on a snowy night and the treated us like family. Excellent bread and oils - and the Chicken New Orleans was the bomb. Huge portions so consider sharing. And BYOB if you want wine! This is a must go to if you're in this area.