Burgerfi is shit. Five guys does it right. Come eat a real burger here!!!!!!!! Even a little burger and small fry would fill up a hungry man!! Bravo笑
Had read great reviews of Five Guys so stopped by with my husband for a burger and shakes and some crunchy fries. 
They do not have shakes (that was a deal breaker right there), the burgers were being cooked up on a very filthy griddle instead of grilled over an open flame like decent burgers are. They were pulling some soggy fries out of the grease that looked gross. 
A cheeseburger goes for $5.99 (no cheeseburger is worth more than $3). 
We were so grossed out by what we saw that we left without ordering, so I have no idea how this stuff actually tastes.笑
Great Burgers! Really fun place to stop by for a burger. Everything is fresh, well prepared and a lot of options for toppings and prep. The double burger is ridiculous! A little pricey compared to In-N-Out right next door.笑
After waiting for all the Yankees to finish overwhelming a new place, I finally tried out Five Guys. There is no mention of a 'double' Pattie burger, but that's what a cheeseburger will get you. They may be handmade, but no taste and the bun is ridiculously small for that burger. I didn't order fries, but saw several greasy, greasy cups full of them. No wonder Americans are grossly overweight. If Obama thinks this place is great, I'm so glad I'm a Republican.....never again...In and Out is worse.  I cannot fathom what either of them are 'famous' for....on the plus side; the peanuts were tolerable at Five Guys.笑
Don't waste your time or money.  I have heard good reviews of this place and gave it a try. The burgers are very, very, very greasy and not flavorful at all. The toppings and bun slide all over when you try to eat the burger. I love a good burger and this place is a complete waste of time. If you want the best burger in the Phoenix area go to The Chuckbox in Tempe. The Chuckbox is 10 times better than this crap place.笑
Customer service is amazing and the food is great. The staff was constantly asking how I was and if they could help me.笑
My hubby loves this place and would give a 5 star. I don't and would give it 3, although I do appreciate they're custom made to order. Fries are greasy and not my thing. Burgers are just average. My husband says the key is to let your burger sit in the wrapped aluminum for a couple minutes so everything gets steamy, cheese melts and bun softens. That would probably help. Yes there's free peanuts but I don't love peanuts so that doesn't add anything for me.  Hot dogs are a nice option.笑
Yummy Bacon Cheeseburger. I'll go back next time I am in Arizona, or if they open one in Las Vegas.笑
The !food is phenomenal! Would absolutely take others, share w/visiting friends/family. It's rather cold inside, but seeing the history on the walls, makes it worth it! Rather than so much space for 50 lb. bag crates, it would be great to have a television or local newspapers to enjoy with everyone. Munching on free peanuts while waiting for your order remind you of being in a backyard bbq!    Largest seating area I've ever seen for a shopping center restaurant!  Even if a kids sports team enters or groups of loud people, you can move to enjoy your meal in quiet.  This meal is something to savor!  Very fresh and favorful... BUT very oily french fries, but again, they are REAL!  
The tables/chairs and restrooms need to be cleaned, though not unhygienic.  The hamburgers are cooked infront of you.  Have a homemade taste/resembling In/Out, but on a Larger, HUGE scale!  One order of fries could easily have fed a family of 4!  The small burger is large size at Red Robin!  With so much food, they need to keep the air free of any oily and stickiness from the meal.  
Maybe having Wipes on a Roll at each table, would be a great addition.  The outdoor seating needs to be addressed, but that might be a shopping center issue.  This restaurant could 100% be a outdoor restaurant (like Monestary) and will live forever!  If they are able to relocate, would definitely make for a phenomenal place to have a party or catered, by having them cook food....Scrapbook worthy!笑
A lil pricey for just burgers and dogs. I guess the free peanuts are supposed to make up for it? Oh can't forget to mention the great soda machines as well笑
I saw a story on the TV about this place and decided to give it a try. It was a good burger. It is bit pricey but oh well. It was juicy and had good flavor and the fries were tasty too. Not reinventing the wheel by any means but my burger tasted good and that's what it's all about.笑
After visiting this location and the one in Scottsdale near where I live, I have to say this chain is just OK. It's a tad overpriced, and the food is good, but it's too much for a place that doesn't even bring the food to your table. Fries, burger and a drink came to $11-something! Yikes. If I were craving a burger, I'd head to Red Robin instead of this place. My credit card was hacked the day after I went here too. Coincidence? Probably, but that left a bad taste in my mouth!笑
I came in here wanting and expecting this place to be amazing.  I wanted this place to be 5 stars. ugh, I feel like a failure for giving it 2.  I've heard such good things about this place, and was expecting it to be good, but unfortunately, it was not.  :-(

I walked in and placed my order.   The menu seems to be decent enough, with a fair amount of selection.  Ample amounts of toppings, and you can have your burger a few different ways. Mind you, I'm a burger lover, so I'm always up for places like this.

I ordered a regular burger with all the fixings and BBQ sauce on top.  I got the fries too.  It came in a brown bag..I guess thats how they serve it regardless if you eat in or not.

I was dissappointed with the burger itself.  It seemed like it came with way to much topping. I mean, like an overwhelming amount.  I ate it, and the burger was okay, but not as good as I have experienced at other comparable places.  I wasn't looking to be "blown away" by the burger, but I wasn't really impressed over all.  It wasn't that great, to much on the toppings, and it didnt really do much for me.  I will say tho, you get a TON of fries tho.

I left feeling underwhelmed, and don't know that I will be back in the future.笑
Very good. Quick service and accurate.
Although we had 4 bacon cheeseburgers, 1 large fry and two medium drinks... $47!!!
They are not skimpy on the large fries!!! 1 was plenty for our family of 4!
Bacon was crisp and delicious too.笑
My wife summed it best: "This tastes like a Costco burger". Translation: go to Costco, buy some buns, some frozen patties. Grill the patties, add cheese, favorite toppings, and you have a burger that tastes like a Five Guys burger. Nothing special.

To the more faithful, I'll be deemed a heretic. But I was told that Five Guys was "better than In-n-Out". I go to In-N-Out at least once a week. I own 2 t-shirts. I love In-N-Out. But I'm not so religious that I'm unwilling to try another burger that could be better. I went to delux burger, and was rewarded with a innovative, great tasting burger.. I was hoping Five Guys would give me that same experience.

Nope. Not even close. Five Guys is not as good as In-N-Out, and it's more expensive. The fries are good, thick cut, seasoned and fried right, great with ketchup. But the burger was average. The bread tasted manufactured, the toppings generic. The tables are cramped, squeezed close together.  Eating as a family of 5, I had to put my bag of fries on the floor: no space left on the table. Chairs and people stick out the narrow aisles between tables make getting a refill a dangerous mission . No drive thru to bypass inside. Not my kind of place.

Sorry Five Guy's, I'm sticking with In-N-Out.笑
When the price of your burger combo exceeds $10 you start treading into Vig, Delux, Farm House Grill, Indulge Burger territory.  And when you draw that comparison the Five Guys is out of its league.  The burger is good but is it better then In-N-Out, Lucky Boy, Culvers, or Two Hippies? All of those options would be almost half as expensive as Five Guys.

Sorry, I liked you better when you were an East Coast treat.笑
I ate at this trendy burger joint on Friday and thought it was sub-par. Don't get me wrong, it was good, just not what I expected as far as how people built it up in my mind. A friend of mine was bragging about this awesome burger he had while on business in North Carolina. He was telling me it was called 5 guys burgers and blah blah blah. Thinking they were only a east coast joint, I was surprised and anxious to try it when I heard there were a few out here. 

I would recommend it, but if you want a really good burger in the same area, try Lenny's over on Stapley just south of Southern.笑
I almost never eat hamburgers, but I went to 5 guys because I've only heard good things. I've been back 3 times in 2 months. That's more burgers than I've had in the last 5 years. Also, the fries are the best I've had in a fast casual restaurant. YUM!笑
My first time here. Burgers were very good, I like all the condiments right down to the jalapeno peppers. The fries however were a little soggy for my palate although they were abundant.  I would go back for a burger and might give the fries another try.笑
I'm giving this location 4 stars for the fast and friendly service we received at our visit tonight. 

I'm not a big fan of their fries and their burger was just fair. The bread was nice and moist and the meat was tender but lacked seasoning. I loved the new touch soda machines and the location is fairly clean.

Is five guys my most favorite burger spot? Unfortunately not, but the experience given by the staff bumped it up a few notches. We were sitting outside and the staff came out to give us our food and even checked on us 15 min later to see if we were still doing ok. Great customer service because they really didn't have to do any of that. My guy friend would disagree with me and say that five guys is his go to burger joint but we can all agree to disagree. What I do know is that it's definitely worth a try!笑
The first time I went here I had a bad experience. The burger was super greasy and the fries were cold and soggy. So I decided to give it a shot again. The burger was a little better this time, but still dripping with grease. And again the fries were cold and soggy. And if you plan on eating here make sure you the only thing you have planned after is to go home to take a shower. You and you cloths are going to smell like greasy food. For paying close to $15 for a burger, fries, and a drink you would think for you enjoy your meal. And it would be very expensive for a family to dine here. The service wasn't very friendly, and it's way to loud to have a conversation with anyone. I will never eat here again.笑
These burgers are delicious - you need to pay this place a visit! They have no freezers at any Five Guys - only coolers, so the ground beef is always fresh - never frozen. Their simple, no-nonsense menu and decor reminds me a little bit of IN-N-OUT Burger, but the difference between them in taste is pretty obvious.

If you order what appears to be regular-size hamburger or cheeseburger, you will get two patties instead of one. For most people this is a little much, so try ordering the "little" version instead for a single patty.

My favorite here is a cheeseburger with ketchup, mustard, mayo and raw onions. The fries are good and a small order is more than enough to satisfy (half my bag was filled with fries in addition to the cup they placed into it with my burger).

Two things caught my attention at this burger joint that I found a little different. There are boxes of peanuts placed throughout the restaurant for you to scoop into little cardboard serving trays and snack on while you wait for your food. The other thing that caught my eye is the markerboard at the register that tells you where "today's potatoes came from" (on my visit they came from Kansas).

They have a loyal following here and get pretty busy, so you if you need to grab-n-go, you can visit their website and put your order in ahead of time.

UPDATE: If you drove out of your way to this location because it was the closest one, there is good news - a new Five Guys is now open in Ahwatukee!笑
This is one of my favorite burger joints. Now to be honest, I don't eat burgers that often as I prefer something 'slightly more adventurous and healthy' as a general rule, but they are on my 'cheat list' - and when I get a craving for a burger, THIS is where I come, great tasting meat, excellent onions, nice bun... the fries are fine too - and the staff are always friendly, courteous and efficient.笑
I have to say that this is one of my favorite places. My only hesitation is that my brother was in Army at basic training in South Carolina and said they are better out there, but still good. So I am holding out a star for a little inconsistency across state lines. The burgers do take a little long, but at least I am not getting a bloody burger, the jalapenos are the freshest I have ever seen and very tasty. The fries are big enough for 2 or 3 people. My girlfriend isn't a burger person and absolutely loves this place and actually recommended we go there one night.笑
There is so much competition in the upscale-burger market and in the Phoenix area, with Five Guys, Fatburger, In-N-Out, Smashburger, and Fuddruckers all vying for our dollars.  I've had all of these, and Five Guys is definitely the bottom of my list. My friends all disagree, and rave about Five Guys. I actually wonder if this location is the problem and not the food.

I do find it overly expensive for the amount of meat you get. The portions are closer to In-N-Out, but prices in line with Fatburger (whose Medium is the same price but a full 1/3 pound). The flavor was fine but not noteworthy. This location had stale rolls that were too big for the burger, a real disappointment. The fries come in huge portions and are very salty, which earned it the second star of my review. 

This location has a very cool soda fountain system with a touchscreen. But when we visited, it was out of a lot of flavors, and caused delays due to confusion (the elderly patrons) and kids thinking it was a toy. Plus, having only two fountains means that you can't squeeze in and get a Diet Coke while someone else gets a Sprite or Coke, so a line forms.笑
I don't discriminate against a good tasting burger. Five Guys does not disappoint. Their cajun fries are good (and please note their "small" size is not small at all). You select all your toppings when you order (tomatoes, mushrooms, onions, BBQ or A1 sauce, etc). If you haven't tried one of their burgers, don't pass this place up.笑
Love the burgers.  They are hot and juicy and  cooked to order.  Vegies are fresh and crunchy.  So you ask why not more than a 3 star review?  Because the fries suck.  Yes, that's right, they suck.  And they pile so many in your bag that no one in their right mind could ever eat them all.  Don't really want to dig through a pile of gross fries to get to my burger, Five Guys.笑
Amazing burgers!  My families new place for burgers.  My kids love the soda machine.   A little pricey, but delicious.笑
Consider yourself warned, fellow Yelpers. This is simply as good as a burger gets in this life. This place was opened by a few people in DC and now its spreading life wild-fire across the entire country. There is one reason: *it is the best hamburger joint in the world.*

Though I'm a fifth generation Californian, I did have the opportunity to live in Washington, DC for a time. This is the type of place my co-workers, family and friends would regularly travel to when it meant a 45 minute drive through traffic. The way they cook their burgers and those boardwalk fries... pure heaven. This place blows other fast food joints out of the water, to the point where it's not even worth comparing. You really have to look at a place like Delux or Fez to find a burger comparable here in the Valley, and even they can't do it as well as Five Guys, a pure piece of Americana. Take advantage of it and go eat at it ASAP. I'm glad they brought this to Arizona and you certainly will be too upon trying it.笑
Took the kids out for diner and wanted something different. I kept driving buy Five Guys on the Way to California Pizza Kitchen and I always wanted to try it out. So we decided to try it this evening. 
The atmosphere is fantastic. They give peanuts out for free and you can throw the shells on the floor, so the kids had a blast. The soda machine is really cool too. Like nothing I've ever seen with a huge selection of different drinks. You really have to see it. 
First off I thought it was a little expensive. 
The hamburger was a little under cooked but even so the taste was eh. I've had much better and I haven't tasted much worse. 
They give you a heaping order of fries and they tasted ok but nothing special. 
One thing that struck me was how really uninterested their employees seem to be. 
Most places are making a better effort of greeting you, asking you how things are, and saying goodbye. There is obviously no training or effort to great customers or treat them friendly in any way. 
My kids had a blast and they loved it but we won't be going back.笑
Yum. Messy & delicious. Burgers are great, but the fries could use some work. They're always super greasy.笑
The burgers... Taste like real beef and not fillers! Delicious! The fries weren't my favorite part of the meal. I had the Cajun, which I'm sure were more flavorful than the regular... But still nothing to write home about. They make up for it with the tasty burgers and drinks. Who doesn't love any place with a Coke Freestyle machine?! :-) I'll definitely be back.笑
This place has one of the best burgers around!!  You pick all your toppings and the burgers are cooked perfectly.  The french fries actually taste like potatoes instead of grease too.笑
I had to down rate my review from a 5 to a 3 because the music was so loud we found it impossible to talk. My burgers was great! The fries were good and the peanuts were perfect. The melted cheese between two perfectly cooked patties was surrounded with crisp fresh lettuce, onion and tomato. The sauce and bun was perfect. Wish I had taken ear plugs or got my burger to go as I would love to give this burger place a 5 stars. Service was a tad slow and did I mention that the music was really really loud?笑
My first time trying Five Guys and  I was told that this place would rival In 'n Out. I found it hardpress to believe since In n Out--come on...unless you're Shake Shack you can't compete. 

I think what Five Guys has over In n Out is the fact that they have a ton of toppings you can add for free - my favourites being grilled mushrooms and fresh jalapeño pepper (SO SPICY). I also added lettuce, tomatoes, onions (They have grilled and raw), and pickles- it ended up being a pretty big burger, even though I ordered the small. In fact, the small is pretty filling regardless. The difference between the regular and the small is simply the number of patties. The regular size gives you two.

I like their fries better than in n out's but it was waaaay too salty, especially the cajun fries, was is just their regular fries sprinkled with an abundance of cajun seasoning. Get the small portion and you'll be good. If you get the regular you won't finish. If you get the large, they put a giant cup in your bag and then fill the BAG with fries. You'll have fries coming out of your ears.

The price is actually not that cheap. My water and my small burger worked out to be $8. I would say that In-n-Out definitely wins on all levels except for the quantity of ingredients available. But this place is still good.  I am, however, disappointed that they have no milkshakes.笑
First and Last Visit. I went here with my mom as she was craving a burger. She had a bacon burger and a drink. I had a grilled cheese with jalapenos, some cajun fries, and a drink. What you notice visually at  first are the multiple, pasted-everywhere signs about how great they are. Red flag. The music was blaring so loud, and was quite a turn-off.  We found our way to the order counter, passing by the big bags of peanuts. Really? In a burger joint? Ordered, attempted to eat inside, but due to the music went outside. There are way too many fries in the order. The cajun seasoning was sparse at best. Mom said her bacon burger was good. My cheese sandwich was ok, and I liked having the jalapeno choice to put on it. I have to tell you I am unimpressed with this place. I think having the choices to put on your burgers/sandwiches are nice but the presentation was lackluster. Every order is placed in a bag as a to-go order, even if you're eating at the restaurant.笑
This is the most amazing hamburger this side of the sun. I pound it on the reg, and and eat an occasional burger.笑
Family of 5, two adults and three kids (ages 12,10 and 3). Two kids got hot dogs, my 3 year old had to eat an adult size cheeseburger because they don't offer a kids menu, wife and I both got a normal burger, the whole family split one medium order of fries and all had water to drink. Anywhere else that would run $20-25 tops. How much at 5 Guys? $40.03!!! Seriously, the food is okay, not worth these ridiculous prices. Will never come here again, I just got gouged like a mofo!!!笑
I love 5 guys burgers.....or at least i used to. I visited the power rd. location.
They have raised their prices to epic heights and i have eaten there for the last time..
2 cheeseburgers, 2 fries, 2 drinks.... 30.00 insane!!
I have even heard national radio shows talk about how nutz their prices are.
Sorry guys...the dollars dont make sense anymore and your prices are higher than a sit down restaurant.  We eat at Freddies steakburgers for 14.50..... 1/2 the price!!!
Venezias pizza : 13.95 for 4 huge slices/ toppings and 2 endless drinks.
WHERE's the value in 5 guys with their fresh only ingredients, simple store and peanuts??  I see nothing but record profits!笑
I hate to admit it, but I like 5 guys better than In-n-Out.  I'm a Cali native and grew up on In-n-Out and I wanted nothing more than to say that 5 guys sucked and didn't compare.  Even though it is way over priced, the burgers are awesome and the fries are dope.笑
Today was my first time trying out this restaurant. I was very impressed with how friendly the staff was and how great the atmosphere is. Very relaxed and they had great music playing (albeit a little loud). I got a cheeseburger and fries and was pleasantly surprised. The fries are to die for. The cheeseburger was okay, I've had better. But it was still really delicious. 
It was a little pricy, but you absolutely get what you pay for. I couldn't even finish my burger, it was so big.
All in all, great experience, great food. I'd definitely recommend this place to others and will probably be coming back.笑
I ordered the "regular" cheeseburger. It was a double stack. Got grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, mayo, lettuce, tomato, and green peppers. All toppings at no charge. My wife and I split a small fries and we had plenty. Burger was juicy and tasted great. Regular burger is under $8. One of our new favorites.笑
Pretty darn good.  The burger was addicting.  I had to stop myself from eating too much.  Fries were tasty, we added more Cajun spice to it and I liked it.  The drink machines are lots of fun with very creative flavors that you wouldn't normally find.  Next time I think I'll want to have a little more fun with trying different toppings.笑
I'm struggling with this review...

Great burger. Perfectly cooked, two beefy patties and you can add lots of toppings at no extra charge (like mushrooms. Yum).

But seriously, $12 for a burger, fries and a large drink is stupidly expensive.

I devoured my burger, and couldn't finish the huge order of fries, but the entire time I was scarfing it down I kept asking myself if it was worth 12 bucks.

Not really.

But damit, it was tasty.笑
Updating my previous review. This place has gone way downhill. I would have given zero stsrs, but I decided to give one star because the burgers are still occasionally good WHEN you can wake up the lethargic staff long enough to get one made. They are SLOW, SLOW, SLOW, and when the order finally comes up, it is WRONG. Then they unapologetically start the whole SLOW process all over again. This all happening today while there was only one other customer in the place! The three guys who were working there today acted like they were on downers. I used to go to Five Guys and pay a little more for their burgers than the run of the mill places because they were good, but now is just not worth the frustration.I'll take my business elsewhere.笑
After all the hype and excitement about this place I gave it a try.... not impressed.  Expensive for an average burger.  The only thing that was cool was the free peanuts but then again, not a huge fan of peanuts with hamburgers.  GO TO SMASH BURGER INSTEAD!!!笑
So... let me tell you that I will always be and forever be an In-N-Out fan, my stopping by Five Guys was based solely on curiousity on why this burger joint was the favorite of President Obama. As I was driving down Val Vista last night, I happened upon seeing a five guys location, and at first thought it was closed because there weren't any cars parked by it but I saw the open signs, and had passed through the intersection so I had to flip-a- bitch to get back to the Dana Park Plaza. For a burger joint with national acclaim... you would think it would attract the same kind of traffic that one is accustomed with at In-N-Out but sadly not... although it was a Tuesday night so maybe it was an off night. 

Walked into the store and it had the similar boards of In-N-Out in the store but not the same layout... where at In-N-Out has the look of a diner with booth seats and swivel chairs and the like, here it was signs galore advertising the greatness of Five Guys it was like Five Guys glorification with all the different accolades from news publications and food critics. And it was faux wood tables and chair with high tops too. But it's the signs that get you, they're on the walls, hanging above the counters... signs, signs, and more signs. I think a little more modesty would be best but if this is how Five Guys wishes to market their brand that's their perogative... I like a clean simple look. 

Ok, so back to ordering my food. I had to ask what the difference was between a regular burger and a little burger... I was thinking patty size but was told that the regular was a double and the little was a single. I ordered a regular cheeseburger and was told that all the toppings were free in addition to, so in a way I liked that I could add all the topping without being charged an additional 50 cents but still, the price of the cheeseburger was pricey at close to $6, I also ordered a side of the regular fries. Wait wasn't long and since it was close to closing, I was able to score some additional fries. I did notice something that five guys was lacking and that was milkshakes. Milkshakes are awesome to have with a burger, and if In-N-Out and Smashburger have them why can't Five Guys have them too? But I digress. 

The meal itself. So... I remember reading one sign that said, "best fries around..." Tried the fries and yea... they're really good! In-N-Out fries are lacking, they're on the small side and sometimes tend to get soggy barely 20 mins later, it's the type of fry that must be consumed soon. Five guys on the other make a really good fry, it has good seasoning and a slight crisp, not too crispy, and some limp to it... it's like a medium fried fry if that exists. It was good... and if I ever come back, I'd be back for an order of fries. As for the burger, a sign said, "A taste of heaven in a bun..." yea... that's pushing... it's not heaven... with all my toppings of grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, lettuce, tomato, pickle and bbq sauce with the double patty and the cheese it was a stuffed burger but it wasn't like OMG this burger is bomb kinda experience. Maybe I'm spoiled by the slightly toasted buns at In-N-out and my animal style cheeseburger with the thousand island... my five guys cheeseburger can't compare. It's good but not great and yes... it's filling but not worth $6! So with the cheeseburger and fries, my total came out out to $8.64. Pricey compared to In-N-Out... where a #2 (cheeseburger, fries and drink) comes out to under $3 and add in my animal style with my neopolitan shake... it still comes out to around $5. So price comparison... In-N-Out is the cheapest, burger comparison, In-N-Out again, and fries... well Five Guys wins that. Overall appeal, and crave factor... yea... it's still In-N-Out for me... I'm not yet getting off the bandwagon.笑
After hearing so much hype about Five Guys Burgers I decided to try it out.  My conclusion?  OK, but nothing to write home about.  

It's cool that you don't have to pay extra for toppings like cheese, mushrooms, etc., but of course all that is built in to the price (around $6-8 per burger).  Personally I prefer grilled burgers over fried, but it's good quality meat compared to the typical fast food joint (which should be expected given the difference in price). 

I didn't care for the fries, although they weren't bad.  A bit soggy for my tastes.  Five Guys is obviously proud of the fact that they use peanut oil--there are posters and burlap bags of peanuts in the store alerting you to that.  While peanut oil is an improvement over canola and corn oil based on its lipid profile, lard would be even healthier and probably taste better. (Of course many people buy into the propaganda that ingesting saturated animal fat clogs one's arteries and leads to obesity and heart disease.  Not true.)  

What's interesting to me in reading some of the other reviews is that In-N-Out is held by many to be the standard for good burgers.  Personally I can't stand In-N-Out...I think they're about the worst tasting burgers around.  I would rate Whataburger much higher.  Of course taste is highly subjective, and as the adage goes 'To each their own.'  For what it's worth, I consider Five Guys better than In-N-Out, but that's not saying much in my opinion.  

To summarize my view of Five Guys: overrated and overpriced, but not extremely so.笑
We've always had friendly service here and our order is always correct. The burgers always taste great. The portion size of their fries is huge but the quality isn't great. They're usually on the soggy and warm side instead of hot and crispy. If the fries were continuously good I'd have given 5 stars.笑
Excellent burger and fries!  Our go to hamburger joint. Had the burger "my" way, love all the toppings. Heads up, fries size is huge and can be shared. Peanuts before dinner make it even better, oh and the million different type soda machine is just final reason.笑
Well back again will need to find a different place. It's so gross the health department needs to pay a visit. Don't understand why 6 employees in the back with only 2 cooking. The only female finally cleaned some tables but only half way she couldn't be bothered to clean the chairs nor tidy up the floor. Someone emptied the trash with no use of PPE on, and never seen him was his hands. We received our food before he went to the back but still笑
Holy overpriced!  With everyone all abuzz about this place opening up in AZ, I figured we would have to give it a try sometime.  Well, we were out and about in the EV this weekend and figured now was as good as ever.  Things did not start off well.  First, the music was so LOUD!  Some poor old lady walked in and covered her ears the second the door opened.  I also hated the peanut shells.  It was stupid, poorly executed and had no business being in a fast food burger joint.  Steakhouse or BBQ place, maybe, but not here.  Apparently the ordering system is difficult because it took the 6 or so people in front of us forever to order, but for us smart folk, it takes about 30 seconds.

Now to the food.  It costs 4.89 for a single patty bacon cheeseburger.  I can get a Baconator combo at Wendy's for that price.  That's just the burger here, so for an extra 2.59 I can get frys (a generous portion at least) and another couple bucks gets me a drink.  I'm practically pushing a 10 dollar combo here!  This is fast food right?  I couldn't help but compare it to In'N'Out and this place was failing miserably!  Our food came out in roughly 5-8 minutes and we went outside to eat because the music was unbearably loud.  The frys were decent, nothing to special and I found the cajun fries to be very dry feeling in my mouth.  The burger was such a disappointment.  It was small and very smashed when I opened it.  The meat was very well done, and not juicy like they said it should be.  The bacon was decent and the cheese was well, cheese.  Overall, a pretty lame burger, especially for nearly 5 bucks!

Obviously, I was disappointed.  I know 5 bucks for a burger isn't a lot, but for fast food, it really is.  It's a shame that our President hasn't had the joy of experiencing decent burgers, because this place is not good.  This place is definitely a fail for me, but at least my food was edible.笑
Second time through yesterday...

Down grading my review.  There is nothing that stands out to make this place better than just another burger.  

I ordered with different toppings. Stayed simple with Bacon, mushrooms, and of course jalapenos.. Order fries and a drink.  $12.00..  

It was just a burger.  It was o.k. but not worth the $12.00 price. Honestly, Wendy's goes down better for me. Fries are just not doing it for me. I ordered regular. Added lot's of salt and ketchup and that helped.  It must be a taste thing, I just like my fries crispy.

I would still go back if in the area and wanting a burger.  But will also favor the In & Out or other places if I am going that direction instead.笑
Same red/white colors as in-n-out however twice the price and half the flavor...very disappointing and i'm not even a fan of in-n-out.

For that kind of pricing model, you are better off going to Delux, Red Robin, Blu Burger or actually any restaurant or dive bar and you will get a better burger for the same price.笑
For a Burger and Fry joint~okay. We decided to give it a shot with a big group of friends after church on a Sunday. We dropped 80.00 on about 9 people for drinks, frys and burgers. The hamburgers were okay...i think this was a little over priced, but the food was really good. My youngest daughter who is 9 years old~wrote a review~ and said 
"Drinks~good" food~"nasty" only because she did not get her hamburger the way she ordered it...JUST ketchup please lol...i asked her to rewrite her review since she would be posting it on the bulletin board in the lobby for everyone to see. She rewrote it and just said the food was good~but would have been better if I had gotten what I ordered. Leave it to a brutally honest 9 year old girl to be so blunt. Overall ~ we would probably go back~but would opt for In n Out for a cheaper burger. :)笑
Mmmm...

Best burgers and the cajun fries....wow!笑
After posting about a visit to the Tempe location on facebook, a buddy expressed a desire to check out Five Guys.  I met him at the Val Vista location today for lunch with my 4 month old and he brought his 6 year old.  

As always, the place was very clean, and although it was lunchtime on a weekend, we were through the line quickly (must have been before the Mormons got out of services).  We both ordered cheeseburgers and his son got a grilled cheese, along with a large order of regular fries.

My buddy loves CheesburgerCheeseburger, so I was anxious to hear how FG compares.  He took his first bite and had a very suprisingly pleased look on his face.  The double patty cheeseburger, complete with plenty of accoutrement, was jucy and flavorful. After a previously distatetful experience with the cajun fries, the regular fries are absolutly superior.  

The staff at this location gets extra points for checkin in on us (they knew we had a first timer on our hands) and going the extra mile.  I wanted my friend to check out the cajun fries, but they didn't have any cooked up, so they just gave us some spice to put on the extra fries that we had.  Then, they called the 6 year old over to the counter and gave him a WHOLE NEW FRESH bag of cajun fries.  "We didn't have any samples for you, so we decided to just cook you up a whole batch."  Seriously awesome service!  

Sure, the lunch for 2.5 of us cost $25, and I'd only really go for something special, but I have a feeling every visit will be quite excellent!笑
Great burgers! Man I don't know... I think this is probably the best hamburger I have had in a while! Cool atmosphere too!笑
Freakin love this place. Service is always good. Takes a little while to actually get your food. But we'll worth it!!

Also it's pretty expensive. So we only go there once every 2-3 months. But we look forward to it every time we go.笑
Yeah. Super pricey. Over $14 bucks for a greasy poorly made sloppy burger, with two stale 4" burger patties. A large drink (the highlight of the visit was they had MELLO YELLO) and some extra salty fries.  Will not go back. Chuckbox has ALWAYS been the place.笑
I've never had a bad experience at 5 guys in my life and I have went to several locations on several occasions.  Tonight, however, was different.  Messed up order twice, cold and hard buns, cold burger, and staff that spent too much time dicking around and not enough time doing their jobs or providing the type of service 5 guys is known for.  Disappointed and will not be back to this location :(.  Sad considering it's down the road from my house!笑
Tried this place last night after hearing loads of great reviews. Definitely not disappointed. I had a "little" bacon cheeseburger. My fiance had the regular burger with grilled onions and mushrooms and all the rest of the works. Definitely a great burger for the price. Nice that all the toppings are free, compared to some other establishments where you have to pay extra for some of the more premium toppings. 

The fries - amazing! We tried both the regular and the cajun. Definitely some of the best fries we've ever had.

2 burgers, split 1 fry, and 2 drinks - almost $20. Okay so not the cheapest, but cheaper than eating at a restaurant and the burgers were pretty nice quality.

Okay all that being said, I wasn't ecstatic to hear how fattening this place was. And also, didn't feel too great afterwards.

Am I crazy to look past all that for the taste of the food? Sadly I think I am. Seriously...so worth it. Not an every day outing, but definitely a nice treat now and then. There's a reason they have been ranked better than In n Out and other places...笑
I come in here about once a month with my family, and today was that stop. Had great service with a smile. Can't ask for anything more.笑
My first time here I didn't think it was as good as all the hype people told me about it, but the bext few times I realized their burger is Amazing and the fries are the best thing.  Be sure to order the regular fries, you get a large portion.笑
It's asking a lot of burger joints these days to offer a burger that actually tastes like beef but five guys does not fall in that category. Incredible flavor! Made to order makes a difference people. Everything about this burger is worth the hassle of airport security or five hour drive from Vegas. Can I get an amen for free toppings? I thought so. Cajun fries were to die for, I'm convinced they were sprinkled with heroin as even after I declared myself unable to get out of my chair without assistance I couldn't stop shoveling these fries. Note, the regular size is about the same size as the drink cups and enough for two (possibly 3) to share. 

Next time I'm in Phoenix I'll definitely be back with an empty stomach and my elastic lined pants.笑
Five Guys is a little pricey when it comes to burger joints but waddling out the door in a near food coma makes it worth it. The portions are huge and totally delicious, I can hardly make it through my burger much less the fries. This place is a winner.笑
Five Guys Burger and Fries... you have alot of explaining to do. 

You charged us $20 for:
-2 Ice teas (not fresh brewed)
-1 regular fries
-1 burger 
-1 hotdog. 

If I was sitting down to a baseball game I might be able to excuse the price-gouging and the crap quality.... but since I wasn't, WHAT GIVES?

Somehow between picking our greasy brown paper sack up from the counter to sitting down 10 feet away-- my hot dog had miles for wear. It didn't have all the toppings I ordered and it was tightly bound in foil. The hot dog was cut in half and cooked to the point of being dried out at the ends. It was not blackened or charred at all-- I mean it looked like a dark red hot dog chip. I was literally able to snap off the very tip. Maybe the wet soggy bun was meant to help rehydrate it? I dunno. 

My husband said that his burger was decent-- if it wasn't $7. 

Fries were good-- and plentiful. Ambiance was no-frills red white w/ peanut shells all over the floor (from the big ugly boxes of peanuts that you can help urself to...). 

In a town w/ In&Outs and Cheeburgers Cheeburgers, 5 Guys... 

You've got alot of nerve.笑
I missed the memo that the burgers not designated as little are actually doubles.  So, I've now eaten my first ever double cheeseburger.  Good thing I was starving.  On a normal day, I'll have to remember to get the "Little Cheeseburger".  The cajun fries have a little bit of a kick... nothing crazy, just a little flavor.  The thing that I was most entertained by was the super awesome digital Coke fountain machine.  There must've been at least 50 different flavors of Coke products, many of which I've never heard of like Raspberry Coke or Orange Coke.笑
Never again, i've learned my lesson!  Don't get me wrong, the burgers here are good but a cheeseburger, regular fries and a regular drink for over $13 buck??  Imagine if i brought my family of 5 to this fast food burger joint and having to spend over $65. Are you kidding me?? The burgers better have foie gras on it and the fries sprinkled with triffles!   In-n-out burgers are just as good if not better but you can spend less than half of what five guys charges.  Is it because they give you all the fries than most humans can eat (not necessary), which by the way, need to be cooked just a bit longer.  I think the appeal to most people is the fact that they have so many toppings to choose from and you can customize it like you want.  To me it's all about the burger meat itself and while it was ok, it did not blow my mind.  Cut the price in half and yes it would justify and would probably earn more returning customers.笑
Burgers are going downhill. Did they change the meat?  Messed up half the order.  Slow.笑
I have eaten there a few times. And the burgers are pretty good and they give you a crazy amount of fries. My daughter loves the soda machine. But it is over priced so we would eat there more if it was cheaper.笑
I have never eaten at this restaurant before, but to go in here and get the food that I got and pay $34 plus I'm absolutely appalled. It was the worst hamburger I've ever had in my life my son and I didn't even eat and we actually threw them away along with their gross fries. Just praying we don't  gets sick from the nasty food.笑
For a gal who's not a huge fan of red meat, Five Guys has made a burger lover out of me.  I've been to two locations - the one on Val Vista, and just yesterday I visited the new one in the food court at Scottsdale Fashion Square.  Both have been awesome!

Like I said, I'm not normally a burger eater.  But my boyfriend is a Five Guys fan, and his son has recently developed a taste for cow.  So I decided to be a good sport and give it a try.  I have to say, one of the things I love most about Five Guys is that you can get any & all toppings added for free.  Yep, FREE.  Now, the burgers aren't exactly cheap, but still, free toppings are a nice perk.  The place is very casual - you order from the counter, and they call your number when it's ready.

I ordered the "junior" cheeseburger, which was pretty darn big!  The regular burgers have two patties, so make sure you're really hungry if you order one.  I added lettuce, ketchup, mustard, mayo, grilled onions, and pickles to mine.  Yum!  It's a good thing they wrap the burgers in foil so you can unwrap a little at a time - the toppings fall out otherwise!  We got fries the first time we went, and they were awesome, but this time we knew we probably wouldn't have room, so we just stuck with the burgers.

In summary: the buns were soft, the meat was perfectly cooked, and we all left with full bellies and smiles on our faces.  For a simple burger joint, you can't ask for much more than that.  :)笑
Great experience!  The food was made to order, and the fries are excellent!

The entire staff is friendly, especially Lindsey.  She was wonderful and made our visit even better!

Burgers are very tasty, but maybe just a "little" pricey.  

Overall a great time - we will be back!笑
People (staff) were great: No problem at all in that departmentl.  The burger was ...eh....okay; however, for the price, I would rather go to a regular sit-down location, like a Red Robin.  There, the burgers are high-end, the seating is pleasant and the price, for the food, is more reasonable (relative to what you get and the taste).笑
I am reviewing solely based on the food. 
Expensive yes-
Delicious yes-
Over priced- darn hard to eat anywhere for less then 10 bucks anymore.

Get water and save yourself a few dollars.
Sorry In and out is definitely outclassed by this place.笑
I came in the other night and ordered a little bacon cheeseburger and when I got it there was hardly any meat the fries weren't salted at all and they were cold. There were 9 guys and it still took 15 minutes to get my food it was just annoying笑
If the pricing was inline -4 stars, I'm sorry burger, fries and drink should not be 12 dollars plus this is not a 7 dollar burger - in and out wins笑
I liked this place.friendly staff, little pricey but staff make the place worth going. Thank you for the good first time experience.笑
I always have a great experience at this restaurant. The staff is very friendly and attentive. Quality of food is excellent, from juicy burgers to fresh fries. It is a great place to take our little ones because they have a couple of large tables in the back. Added bonus: the music is always amazing. Yes it is pricey for a burger joint, but you get what you pay for.笑
5 Guys opened up about 2 years ago and I have always received very consistent taste and service from this location

It is situated right next to Rumbi's Island Grill and I always struggle with healthy food or greasy food for lunch. It's a 50/50 coin toss on which one I end up walking into. (I do however prefer the 5 Guys burger to the Rumbi's burger) What I would pass on is the California Pizza Kitchen next door, man has this chain gone down hill, talk about a rip off.

5 Guys burgers & fries are cooked fresh to order, another words you have to wait for them. They cook in the open ... right in front of you ... not sure what some of these other reviews are on about.

They use fresh potatoes for their fries and fry them in peanut oil at at higher temperature than normal vegetable oil, they come out very crunchy and golden brown. They kick butt all over In & Out french fries IMO, and 1 order is enough for 2 people. 

Their burgers are twice as thick as In & Out, twice as tasty IMO, and a good value when you consider the amount of toppings and meat you receive. I also like munching those "free" peanuts and tossing the shells on the floor while I wait for my order.

I guess I am a fan of 5 Guys burgers,  also a fan of Smash Burgers, and Delux too.

                          All different, all good ... depends on my mood!笑
Let me start off by saying, I walked in to this establishment wanting to give this place 5 stars.  I want it to succeed.  I wanted a damn good burger.

I've eaten Five Guys before on the east coast.  I am no stranger to their wonderful concept.  Fresh products and amazing taste at a reasonable price.  I've eaten some amazing burgers at other Five Guys places.

Every burger you order is a double.  It says on the menu "cheeseburger" but it's a double cheeseburger.  Also a large fry will feed 2 (I'll get to that later)  Also all the toppings are included in the price.  Their toppings are about as generous as Subways toppings.  Plenty of variety.  Both the wife and I had a bacon cheeseburger with grilled onions and mushroom, lettuce and mayo and ketchup.  It's about a 10 minute wait for your food.  They have peanuts to keep you entertained while you wait.  

As I rip into this greasy bag of goodness, I notice that my burger looks terrible.  I mean worse that any burger I have ever had at an greasy fast food joint.  The bottom bun is ripped to shreds, the toppings are falling everywhere including the meat and cheese.  Did the cook miss and not bother to fix his mistake?  At first I thought they served me a single burger but then under all the cheese I see another patty the size of a silver dollar.  I was so hungry and with my family, I was not in the mood to complain (oh and I can complain) I ate that burger in pieces because it was impossible to pick up.  I was so sad.  My wifes burger was fine.  She loved it but has had better.

The fries are the only reason Five Guys got 2 stars.  They are fresh cut and cooked to perfection.  Best part about them, they fill up the container then add an additional scoop in the bottom of the bag.

Overall, I am going to give this place one more shot.  One more opportunity to show me why this place is Zagat rated.  If it doesn't you better believe this time I am going to get my money back.

Let me know how your experience went here.  I hope it was an isolated incident.笑
I'm only giving it 3 stars because of the price! But the burgers and fries are delicious. The burgers are made to order just for you! Has a good amount of toppings for your burger. The fries are amazing! They have spicy fries as well! But for the price, enjoy every bite! If anyone has an recommendations for a good burger in the valley...please let me know!!笑
I will make this real easy for you. 

Just go to in-and-out Burger if you don't want to feel gross and poor.笑
I've heard so much about Five Guys, so of course we had to try it.  We went with some friends that like it.  My wife is an In-n-Out fan, but for the record I wouldn't say I LOVE In-n-Out, but it's okay.  They are more hype than food to me, honestly.  Use that as your comparison to what I say here.

On to Five Guys...

Their investment in marketing is brilliant: 1 font, 2 colors: red/white.  This is a no frills place.  Don't expect to see a lot of flare here.  Red/White is all you get.  Their menu is easy.  Burger, Cheeseburger, Bacon Burger, Hot Dog (other stuff for kids).  All toppings are free.  So if you wanted a green-chile-bacon-bbq burger with onions and relish...you can get it at the same price as a bacon burger.  

If there is a line and you don't know what you want, do us all a favor and step out of line.  This is a fast paced place and process orders pretty quick, so move along okay!

I got a burger and hot dog.  Hey you have to try both right?  I'll start with the dog.  Now any of you that put ketchup on your hot dog, stop reading and buy a flight to New York...you'll notice that is not allowed.  Dogs are onion/relish/mustard.  Done.  Five Guys splits their dogs down the center for faster cooking -- I LOVE this idea and already incorporated it in my own dog cooking for the kids.  The dog was a dog...good, and exactly what I expected -- was it the BEST?  No.  But it was what it advertised.

The burger -- my first attempt was onion, hot sauce.  It wasn't that great.  My ONLY complaint about these burgers is the meat itself needs more flavor.  Put some salt on those bad boys would you.  Knowing that though, understand that your burger will essentially taste like what you put on it.  If you want a plain burger, I'm positive you'll be disappointed.  My second try (not the same visit, c'mon I'm not that bad...well maybe, but not this time) I went for bacon burger with BBQ sauce and onion (note: I don't like cheese).  It was much better than my first experience.  Still wish the meat was seasoned.

Fries -- disappointing to me on first visit.  I saw "cajun fries" and said yum.  It's not really...it's regular fries with some sprinkle seasons.  They can do better here.  And based on the acclaimations that hang all over the place they have to some people.  I need to give the fries a second chance.  They are skin on fries though and perhaps cut to thick for my taste is what the problem is.  I like crispy fries,not soggy.  If I wanted a baked potato, I would have got one, so give me FRIES.

So why the 4 star rating?  Well if Yelp would allow half stars it'd be 3.5.  For me though, I liked this place better than In-n-Out.  If I want a better-than-fast-food burger that I can see being made and get it made-to-order, I think this will be my place.

If you want to try the dog/burger -- get the SMALL burger with your dog -- it's big enough. Trust me.

No shakes at this place though...straight up normal soda fountain.

My son had the grilled cheese (or 'girl cheese' as he calls it) and loved it.  They flip a burger bun inside out...clever.笑
This is my new favorite hamburger joint in Phoenix.  The hamburger meat is juicy and tasty.  The toppings are fresh, but are the same toppings as a lot of other joints.  The meat is what makes this burger - it is simply fantastic.  The french fries are tasty and are best served with malt vinegar and ketchup.  The free peanuts are a nice touch and serve as a something to nosh on while the food is being prepared.  My favorite burger joint in AZ.笑
When my parents told me this place was amazing. I knew it would have to be to please them. They were right,  five guys has delicious burgers and the fries just taste like real potatoes so that is always a plus!  Service was really good and they more options for toppings then most other places. Overall it was a good experience.笑
Stopped here with my wife and daughter after hearing a few friends say it was amazing,.........Very disappointing, I mean the burgers aren't terrible but they are not great either Just kinda there you know what I mean. pretty pricey as well I think 3 burgers and 1 large order of fries and 3 drinks was like $27. In and out is a much tastier and affordable option.笑
friendly service. burgers are average. buns are terrible. very expensive笑
Amazing burgers and great service plus enough fries to feed an army! Sure, the price is a bit higher than most places but the only burgers in town that hold a candle to Five Guys are Culvers and Rumbi.笑
have been to this store multiple times!  and even though it's $11 for a double burger, fries and a drink, it's freakin worth it.  5 GUYS smashes on In-n-Out.  In-n-Out is good, don't get me wrong, but 5 GUYS is on another level.  Love their fries, love their burgers, love this place!笑
Good food nice service but very disappointing to find hair melted in the cheese with my burger.笑
Five Guys is a step above Burger King in burger quality.  If you're looking for a fast food burger, I'd keep it as an option, but if it's between this place or In-N-Out, just stick with In-N-Out.笑
Five Guys makes a pretty good cheeseburger.  Good bun, patties have very good taste and texture (a bit on the greasy side, though).  I didn't care for the semi-soft American cheese; I prefer cheese with flavor over cheese with meltiness.  Excellent selection of toppings, aside from the cheese (how about offering Swiss and sharp cheddar as well?).

I'd give Five Guys 3-4 stars if a cheeseburger, fries and drink ran slightly north of $7.  But a cheeseburger and a drink (no fries) is $8.35 with tax.  For that kind of money the burger should be exemplary.  And it's not.笑
Love how EVERYTHING is included with the burger, hate going to Taco bell and being told that sour cream is extra .. they dont pull that - the fries are good bugers are actually tasty and service is good too笑
Yeah, it was high quality beef, but the fries were overpriced and mushy, got so many orders wrong I just enjoyed my free bacon and ask for more mustarrd and lettuce. I still like Carl's Jr sandwich with no bun, and wrapped in lettuce for fast food, and Joes Farm Grill is worth the drive for many many reasons.
It was nice, but very self serving since all the decor was of the "LOOK we are awesome" $24 for 2 burgers fries and a drink is great. (and the bun couldnt hold up the bread, which was kinda weird, it just decenigrated.
Friendly folks, Diet Mr Pibb, good music, and... overall, I recomend it if yur in the area and want a step up from drive through.)

The big deal is free condiments, but they were all sorta spartan and bland, even when I ask for a stupidly huge amount of stuff
If I find myself back there, I'll ask for well done fries and see is that helps笑
Very disappoint in the burger!! Very sloppy presentation. Quality control isn't there. I got 3/4 of a patty and very little grilled onions and mushrooms were from a can!!! I ordered lettuce but it was sparse, too. The Burger had no flavor. However, loved the french fries and the cool soft drink machine was fun to operate. Didn't like all the yelling from the cooks. Would rather have had an IN and Out burger any day! This is certainly NOT the best burger in the Phoenix Metro area when we have Joe's Farm Grill, Delux, Zinburger and Bluburger. I don't desire to ever return and will head to IN and Out the next time for a quick burger meal that has these Five Guys beat in quality and value.  Don't waste your money.笑
Kind of hard to screw up burgers and fries.  I dig it-of course it's horrible for you, but everything in moderation.笑
A good place if you want a decent burger. Wouldn't say it is the best burger I have ever had, however, it is tasty and hearty and the veggies (lettuce, tomato, etc) always taste fresh. I like that large amount of toppings to choose from. Prices are decent for what you get. A tip: I have heard that their regular burgers are huge so I always order the Jr burger and its more than enough. Also, the smalls fries are basically like a large at most other places so i don't even wanna picture what the large looks like. Atmosphere is clean and service is pretty quick. Like I said, a decent place for a burger in this neck of the woods.笑
The crew at this Five Guys is about as entertaining as it gets. Not only do they get your food fast they put on a show as you wait!笑
Great burgers 
Neat concept to the old burger
Staff was ok
The need a Mgr that washes his hands 
Luckily he did not handle my food笑
Really like this place but the customer service at this location has ruined my expectations for Five Guys and can give 2 stars only. I ordered 2 burgers and 2 fries to go. One burger with mushrooms and another burger without the bun. Waited a few minutes and they called my number, I was handed one brown bag and asked is this everything, he said, "Yes, 2 burgers and 2 fries". I got home and only had 1 burger. I was frustrated, called and asked what happened, they said oh sorry we forgot to give you the burger without a bun. I said I couldnt come back for 30min to pick it up. Upon my return, they didnt remake the burger but gave me the one they forgot to give, it wasnt even warm. No apology or compensation, acted as if it was my fault that I didnt get it. Very bad experience, I wont return to this location and hope other locations can deliver a 5 star experience笑
I eat here weekly.  At this pace I will be as big as five guys.

But I can't help it.  Big juicy burger double stacked, topped just the way I like it, and served with enough cajun fries for three guys, this place makes the food I like.  It's a man meal fit for a trucker.   

It'd take five guys just to keep me out of this joint.笑
We paid $17 for a single cheeseburger and a double cheeseburger with any toppings of our choice plus two drinks. We shared a regular fry. The burger was good and the people were nice.笑
Lots of great things at Five Guys! I've been there today for the first time and the first thing that amazed me was all the toppings you could choose for no extra charge. The second thing was this amazing soda machine that has every soda you could wish for.
I got a cheese hotdog, my fiance got a bacon cheese burger, and we both got Cajun fries.
The hotdog was good, not overwhelming. Toppings definitely improve it greatly.
The burger was also good, yet not as great as In n' Out. Also definitely brought to another level by all the toppings.
The Cajun fries were the best fries I've had in years, not kidding. Great potato flavor, perfectly fried and the Cajun seasoning was spot on. And, big plus for me, they have malt vinegar to pour over them, if you have a weakness for that!
The restaurant was clean, had a charming decoration (covers of magazines that featured Five Guys, quotes about the food by famous people, and so on), the staff very friendly, and they had a wheelchair accessible table, which is very thoughtful.
Overall a decent place to eat, yet a tad pricey for the taste and size of the food.笑
Average burger, average taste, above average prices. Anyone who thinks this is good food has no credibility when it comes to food. If you want cheap cheese, bland meat, and a lot of grease and want to pay too much this is the place. I go to Columbus OH for work, Graffiti burger is the place over there. They have a big sign over the Five Guys in Columbus. I passed by the Five Guys, almost empty, go to Graffiti, PACKED. There is a reason for that, they serve the best burgers around. I so wish AZ had a place like that. Until that happens, I am in search for the best burger in AZ.笑
Great burger-they never skimp on the fries and the buns are never stale.
I could do without the dine in however, it's usually too busy to sit down and enjoy a meal. I just take it home.

You can pay a lot more at other boutique burger joints (Coal Burger leaps to mind), and get a lot lesser of a product.笑
I eat here often, it is near my house, I like the burgers, and the fries, but I cannot rate it better because :

The price. In and Out burger taste just as good. Granted the burgers are larger at Five Guys, and you get a ton of fries (which are good) however, when I spend 15 bucks for a burger, fries, and a drink, that is a bit much. That is more than if I had went to Ruby Tuesdays and had a triple prime, which I love.

My other complaint is the packaging. The brown bag does not cut it. It makes the food messy and hard to extract because they pile the fries on. The peanut thing is kinda gross as well, anything that is Communal typical means dirty.

The music is always good, I never ate there where I would describe it as "blaring" like one reviewer, and I am a pretty quiet person. I typically read a magazine while eating there, and the volume does not distract me.

If they dropped the price by maybe.....half....it would be killer, but the price is what kills it for me.笑
Its was just OK!
Liked the fresh jalapenos option, fries hardly had seasoning, was a bit pricey, but filling.  Free peanuts, but wasn't sure if it was ok to throw on the floor. They use the same color scheme as In N Out which I thought was humerous.  I'll still give it another try in a few months.笑
In general the food at Five Guys is pretty darn good. However I would recommend you check your food to make sure they got all the condiments you ordered on it. When they're busy they tend to forget a condiment or two. Other than that the place is clean and orderly. Good atmosphere good music.笑
Pretty tasty, hearty burger with natural cut fries but, overall, nothing really special about this place. The inside looks just like In-N-Out with signs covering the walls proclaiming all the positive reviews around the states it's received - almost like they're trying to pressure you into liking it. Well, it's great that the Washington Post really liked your burger, but this is Arizona and it's nothing new. 
The lady got my dad's burger wrong. She and the rest of the staff seemed a bit rushed - it was busy but I'd rather wait for a burger done right than have it rushed through. Dad changed his mind on cheese and never asked for bacon but got both. At least we didn't get charged for them? Burgers came wrapped in tin-foil (mine was also double-wrapped... ok?) and the fries were in a cup, all came in a bag like carry-out whether or not we ate inside.
If you think In-N-Out is completely over rated (and it really is) and don't mind not having a drive-thru, this might be an alternative for you. Instead of In-N-Out's super thin burgers and fries, you get two hand-formed patties with free toppings (I got grilled onions and bar-b-que sauce, though both bacon and cheese will cost you) on a normal sesame seed bun. Their fries are also thicker and naturally cut with a nice seasoning. 
I spent $20 on two burgers, a reg. size fry, and two sodas. Pricey for fast food style lunch. 
I know I've gone a bit back and forth in this review but bottom line: I won't be back.笑
I will never go back to a 5 guys. The food is way over priced and I personally feel sick. I'm very dissatisfied. At least the staff was nice.笑
If you're craving a burger, this is the place to come. Great service, great food, and super fast!! We will definitely be back.笑
Holy crap - what a disaster.  I can only pray that the ones on the east coast are better than this.  If this really is Obama's favorite place, I might have to reconsider my support of him.  I don't even know where to begin.

Let me just make a list of WTF items:
Wicked loud music with no theme or genre
A bin of peanuts that people manhandle while in line
Peanut shells on the floor
"regular" burgers have two patties
"little" burgers that are $5

Just a disaster.  Go to Smashburger, please.  You'll love it.  This place, however, is a joke.  Also, if you have a peanut allergy, I REALLY wouldn't recommend going in here.