Decent food, ridiculous I'm paying extra 2.00 for half an avocado when I can buy a whole one for less... Eh... Food was good, people were mildly friendly but it's difficult to see over the counter with what I want and the woman who made my food was difficult to hear... Despite how this all sounds pretty negative, the food is good and they did exactly as expected. They did not exceed my expectations.笑
Zabas is a fast food joint leaning towards the more American Mexican food. I am never disappointed when I go here because they are quick making your food and they have more of a variety to choose from. For instance, they have tacos and not just chicken or steak but shrimp or fish. Not only that but you can make it into a Zaba bowl. A Zaba bowl is your choice of meat with white or brown rice, beans (pinto or black), salsa (mild, medium or hot), sour cream, cheese and lettuce. Sounds a lot like a bowl at Chipotle, which yes they are very similar but Zaba's has more to choose from which is a plus. 
The prices are cheap ranging from a $1 something to $7 something. 
I highly recommend the bowls, fish tacos, and nachos. Might I add that the nachos is with white cheese sauce, it's really different from any queso I've tried and your choice of meat.笑
The steak was juicy, butI honestly prefer the strips of steak to fill the taco.. it's been a few years but this place is still fresh and delicious!笑
Love Zabas. But why do they keep closing their locations? Don't bother going to this one. It's closed.笑
Everything is so fresh! The lettuce is shredded there; it does not come in a bag.  I love all the choices.  

The staff was very friendly and Zaba's is clean.

Support local business!笑
This place should be called Zabas Mexican't Grill.  I just paid $20 for three flavorless tacos and some gross nachos.  The whole time they were making our food I was hoping there would be some magic in the taste because it looked really sad.  I think I ate 10% of my nachos before I had to give up.  They gave my son the wrong kind of tacos. He ate about 50% of his food before giving up. We won't be back.笑
Love this place.  They have fresh food, kids eat free on Sunday,and its local!笑
I am a big fan of Zaba's. I especially like their quesadillas. I love that it comes with a huge cup of guacamole. I have to say that I like the location on E. Flamingo better than this one though. For some reason, this location tends to smell like sewer.笑
I'm in this area a lot for work and can't believe I never seen this place.  Zaba's is sort of hidden, but once you find it, it's on.  You can pretty much get the same dishes that a Chipotle carries, but in my opinion, it's fresher here.  I love restaurants like this where the service is good, the ambiance is chill, and the menu is easy.  Because it's my first time, I ended up getting their shredded beef taco, chicken taco, and steak taco.  All were wrapped in corn tortilla.  I kept my tacos basic, with just a hint of cheese on each and that's it.  No lettuce, no sauce, no guac, no anything else.  Okay, I lied.  I may have had some sour cream added.  My tacos were seasoned and full of flavor.  Out of the 3 tacos, I think that the steak held it's flavor best.  As for price and size, these aren't your small street tacos.  These tacos are bigger and the prices are well in my budget.  Lets be honest, I think I could have eaten 3 more not because of the size of these tacos, but because these tacos were so good.  One day I will be back to try their nachos loaded with chicken or one of their ginormous burritos. I think it's obvious, I am a fan. Need to thank the GF for this one.  If it wasn't for her, I'd still be missing out. 



Shredded Beef Taco: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=_4tx8_4axuhJpDEETCE_Cw&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Chicken Taco:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=UAD8eu1jMJmt4VZ4uXWLGg&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ

Steak Taco:  http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=RiZDqh_IEI5Dpgu3EXkx8A&userid=y3FcL4bLy0eLlkb0SDPnBQ笑
I stumbled across this joint one day while looking for something different to eat on my  lunch break.  The service is mediocre, the prices steep, but the food is good. The service has not been bad but the staff seem dull and unexcited, not that i can blame them. My last trip here i feel like they took their sweet time assisting customers, though. I think the prices are a little steep but you do get a lot of food.  I have only ever ordered the salad but it feeds me twice. I like their salad because you still get everything a burrito offers minus the tortilla. I dont come here a lot because of the price but when i do the food is always good.笑
Great service, tasty food. I ordered the grilled chicken burrito with a wheat tortilla. Still prefer that Cafe Zrio cooks them fresh笑
In the style of Chipotle's and Cafe Rio, but I think I preferred Zaba's by a smidge. I had the burrito with the whole wheat tortilla which was much better than expected. Had the usual ratio of fillings and for me I wish all these places were heavier on the meat, but I guess that's the way it goes. It also got very messy which is why I guess people order it in a bowl instead! Very tasty overall, would have liked the hot sauce to actually be hot!笑
I remember coming here a couple months ago. It was my first time here, didn't know what to get. It's kinda like Chipotle but better. I got the carnitas salad. It was sooo good, the meat was tasty flavorful and soft, shredded too! Love that. Good for those on slow carb diet! 

We happen to be there while the owner was there. We asked them about catering, they said they would be happy to do it, just need at least a few hours noticed, they said they' be able to make it happen even if it was called last minute. Glad to hear that, I always love and appreciate people that will do whatever it takes and will go above and beyond what is required. 

Kinda disappointed I didn't get one of the brownies on the counter! :( only con, but that was my fault... i forgot.笑
I've been a fan of Zaba's ever since my college days when I used to visit the original Flamingo location by UNLV on a weekly basis, and sometimes much more often.  Later after I moved out of my parents house the location on Eastern and Silverado Ranch became the location of choice as it was close to my house (nothing says freedom like driving yourself to get a massive burrito).  I still find myself going to that location quite often, and now I mix in the Rampart location for lunch as it's closest to my work.   The moral of the story: I've been eating Zaba's regularly for over 10 years, and have no plans on stopping anytime soon.

Zaba's vs Chipotle is a no brainer to me.  I find Zaba's meat and rice to have much better flavors overall, though I will admit I'm not much of a fan of Zaba's carnitas and that's the one thing I prefer at Chipotle.  The chicken at Zaba's usually has this salty crust on the outside of the chunks that I just love that Chipotle doesn't replicate, and though I love the Barbacoa at Chipotle the Shredded Beef at Zaba's is a slightly superior version in my opinion.  Never been a fan of the steak at either place, as I usually find it overcooked.  I love that Z's has a wheat tortilla option and has always had Brown Rice as long as I can remember, because I like to feign like I'm eating healthy when I'm shoving a 3 pound burrito in my mouth and washing it down with a bag of chips and a giant Barq's root beer.  Those are my own personal choices though and the point is you can construct some healthy offerings here if you so desire.

I do tend to do Zaba Bowls however when I go and don't wish to gorge myself, with Brown Rice, Black Beans, Chicken, and either the medium or hot salsa.  The medium salsa (it's green) is the best salsa available  Then I like to take the chips (which are FAR better than Chipotles chips) and make some sort of super nachos out of the bowl by generously scooping.  I've also been known to occasionally get shredded beef in the bowl, and sometimes tacos, and if I'm really hungry, burritos. I like nearly every option except for the salad because I avoid lettuce whenever possible, and I tried the quesadilla years ago and found it very greasy and difficult to eat (they probably have improved)

All that being said, this specific location doesn't quite get the full 5 stars from me because sometimes they seem a little less prepared than I'm used to at Eastern, and the guacamole has seemed a little runny the last few times I've eaten there.  I'd still take it over Chipotle any day though.笑
I have been to Zaba's a few times and I have never been blown away.  Their burritos are just plain bland.  I understand that this is a chain but you have to have something to stand out.  This place does not stand out.笑
Was really good. Prefer this spot over Chipotle. Staff was really nice, and really crammed so much into the burrito.笑
If your in the mood for real good, but quick, and great tasting mexican food, this is the place to go.  They make the food right in front of you, so you have it within minutes.  They also have seating where you can sit down, but you also have the option of taking it to go.  The pork in my opinion is the best, but the chicken, beef, and shredded beef is great also.  The portions are just right, not to big, but not to small.  I prefer this place over chipotle, any day of the week.笑
I really like Zaba's.  It's fast and fresh, but most importantly the food is good.  The only time I really eat Mexican food is when I go visit my family in my home state of New Mexico.  Here in Vegas when I do feel like eating Mexican food it's here.  I know it's not "authentic", but It doesn't stop it from being good.

What I really like about this place is the healthy options.  Whole wheat tortilla, brown rice, sweet potato's and so on.  So until I go visit home again and I'm in the mood for some Mexican food well this is the place I will keep coming back too.笑
If you like taco salads, go to this place. Wicked good taco shell salads.  SO fresh and SO good. Pretty good variety of ingredients, and tasty. Plus, they serve beer. Definitely not attempting to be authentic Mexican, so if that's what you want, go somewhere else. But, they're really good for what they specialize in. Also have lots of options being my gf is vegan they have a all vegetable burrito and you can add potatoes or even sweet potatoes. They also have an option for fish tacos or fish burrito which is great. I usually got to chipotle but this is a great second option esp if your looking for fish or potato tacos.

Atmosphere is relaxing, and it's a clean place and is decorated brightly.

I've never had a bad experience here. (knock on wood)笑
The food is tasty, but pricey, huge portions. Service was just okay, even though there were no other customers, and despite the fact that I did state it was my first visit, the girl helping seemed annoyed that I had to think for a millisecond about what I wanted.笑
I love this place. You have to know what to order, or else it seems like you get nickel and dimed for extras. I have eaten here as many as four times in one week. Four! I highly recommend the shredded beef salad with hot salsa, fajita vegetables and guacamole. It is paleo-friendly and delicious.  They raised their prices a few months ago, but this is still a great meal at a reasonable price. They don't make their tortillas like Cafe Rio, but I don't eat the tortillas anyway. I don't care for the chicken at all, because it includes the leg and thigh meat and I prefer white meat only. It is a little thing, but I just can't stand it.  One of these days I am going to get one of their coaster-sized double chocolate brownies.笑
I love this place.  I like the flavor better than Chipotle. I always get a Shrimp bowl.  I love their little sweet potatoes and their homemade ranch is delicious. They run a clean operation, only problem is the employees aren't very friendly typically.  I go about twice a week and have no plans of stopping.笑
Was going to do an afternoon study session at the Starbucks next door and stopped by this joint for lunch.  If you close your eyes and walk in the door, you couldn't tell if you're in a Zaba's, Chipotle, or Q'doba.  What the hell are these chains doing?

Back to the experience....I ordered a Steak Burrito w/Pinto Beans, Rice, Cheese, Guacamole, Sour Cream, Salsa, and Hot Sauce on a Whole Wheat Tortilla.  Of course the Guac was extra.  I also ordered a side of Chips & Queso Dip.....yeah, I was hungry.

They make it in front of you, so there's no wait.  Had a bottle of Water to wash it down.

The Burrito is so/so.....it ranks a distant 3rd behind Q'doba & Chipotle for me.  The Steak was a little tough and didn't have much flavor.  The Hot Sauce/Beans/Guac had all of the flavor.  The Whole Wheat Tortilla was tasty.....don't know if it was healthy, but I'm going to just tell myself to believe it was OK?

The Chips & Queso Dip were very good.....but I was gaining poundage with each bite.....started to regret ordering it.....tasted awesome, but felt guilty consuming extra calories.

Overall, it was OK.

Will I return?  Eh....maybe.笑
Out of business 10-23-2014
Just tried to eat here .. All closed up :(((
Sad bc we loved this place笑
Zaba's is awesome... I love there huge burritos and those fish tacos, yummy !!! My children loves there quesadillas and black bean burritos.... They can be a little pricey though so we go on Sundays where the kiddos eat free... Oh yeah!!! (: Also, Gary Waddell from news 8 I think lol is a fan as well.. I've seen him eating here... Cool..笑
Standard Chipotle or Moe's type of place. Better then Chipotle, but not as good as Moe's. I always get the tacos and they're always pretty good. The first time I went in, I got the shredded beef tacos and the meat was cold. I don't mean "not hot" either. I mean literally cold, like chilled. I don't know if this is just how they do the beef, but while it had decent flavor, I'm not in a giant hurry to eat cold tacos again. Besides that, the carnitas are pretty good (and warm) and the steak is quite good (also warm). The have an assortment of salsas, including a corn salsa. Since the others appear to be fairly heavy on the cilantro, I only ever get the hot. I can't speak to how good the others are, but I really dig the hot. It's got a good balance of heat and flavor. I'm a little bummed that they don't offer chopped onion, jalapeños or black olives, but that's just me. Regardless, the highlight of every meal there, and what keeps me coming back, is their queso dip. It's really awesome stuff! All in all, a pretty nice place to get some good Mexican fast food.笑
I love this place for quick bites. I first came here when I had a groupon, but that was more than a year ago, and I haven't been back since. Why? I love a good deal: coupons, specials, sales, etc. however, zaba's doesn't offer any of these things (to my knowledge), so it took me a long time to return and pay full price.

Speaking of full price, their prices are pretty hefty for a fast food joint; I spent about $17 on a chicken salad and a massive shrimp burrito. 

Each of the items were large and filling. My sweetie pop and I shared them both and still had leftovers. The shrimp was cooked fresh, but the chicken tasted a bit old and dried out.

All of the other fresh ingredients that you can add (think Subway) are both healthy and delicious. Of love their sweet potatoes, black beans, fajita mix and brown rice most of all.

Overall, I was quite pleased (and full), I just wished they had some coupons! This is feel good fresh Mex that won't make your tummy say %$!&#! after you've eaten here.笑
So, a stingy portioned, bland tasting $12 burrito is NOT what I had in mind for my first & LAST experience at Zaba's.  I wouldn't call the customer service bad, but it was very impersonal.  I also had to repeat myself several times to get a burrito that was somewhat similar to what I was attempting to order from the aloof employee.  Not cool.  I'm glad everyone else likes it, but I guess I strolled into Zaba's on the wrong day.笑
Not the best, chipotle is definitely much better. Compared to chipotle: The quantity is less, the salsas taste rather bland and they seriously load up on lettuce...Every.Time. 

I used to like this place in high school (about 4 years ago). But it gets worse and worse each time I went back (like 3 times since hs).笑
Which came first? The Chipotle or the Zaba? Zaba's seems to be exactly like Chipotle except not quite. Zaba's has the same idea, you pick your bowl/burrito/tacos and they fill it with whatever you want. But they've got some weird stuff too, like fish tacos and sweet potatoes?! Their hot sauce isn't, but all in all it's alright food. My favorite thing about Zaba's is that they have the Chipotle tabasco sauce. Now you tell me if that's not confusing.笑
Good healthy Mexican , Fresh ingredients ,reasonable price ,friendly employees .
Overal good service. To me is way better then chipotle . Will come back for sure .笑
4 shredded beef tacos with cheese. That's my son's standard order every Taco Tuesday night. This Zaba's is right in our 'hood, so the staff already knows what to make as soon as they see my son.  I like the tasty brown rice as a side dish and will usually have 2 or 3 chicken tacos on corn tortillas with pico de gallo and the corn salsa.  I've had the veggie burrito a couple of times and that thing is huge!  The food is always fresh and made to your specifications.  Delicioso!笑
Great flavors with fresh food!  Better than all the other same concept restaurants.