Food is good, however many times extremely salty beyond belief. Portions are good, but you have to pay extra for oxtail gravy - never heard of this before. 

I'm giving only 1 star because the attitude at this place makes me embarrassed to be black. Honestly so much attitude for no reason and the thing is you never know what to expect when you walk in. 

This is not acceptable behavior for a business, no one should be made to feel belittled or unvalued as your customers are what keep your business thriving. Not a difficult concept to grasp. 

Another thing is when you walk in to order there's always some type of delay. Either the cashier is having a conversation with a friend or the cook and you must wait and wait and wait. They act like your none existent. 
Your time is not respected or valued which is disrespectful.

They act like you're coming for free food and they're doing you a favor. So many spots in Toronto to eat West Indian food. Don't waste your time, money or moral dealing with their disgusting attitudes.

I have bought take out many times because it is close to where I live, but the service is fickle and declining gradually.Ǿ
My favourite jerk spot in the city (so far!). Yummy, yummy food; large enough portions that I can usually get two good-sized meals out of an order, and service is fast and friendly. My only complaint is that it's closed on Sundays. :)Ǿ
It was ok the food is just like any other jerk spot I have been! It was pricy for the amount of food I got I mean I order a reg jerk chicken with steam veggies and I got a small container of veggies and 2 small pieces of chicken not worth it at all! I dont think I will be back again!Ǿ
Great service, good food for an affordable price. 
And always has ripe fried plantain which is a big plus for me.Ǿ
I dream about the gravy here!!! It's spicy and so full of flavour. I crave it often, and wish I could buy boatloads of it to take home so that I can eat it with everything. I've actually bought a side of gravy to bring home for this purpose; next time I'll buy the largest container they are willing to sell me.

I've been here a few times and I've tried the Jerk Chicken and the Curry Goat. They were both delicious, but I'm partial to the Jerk Chicken because of the yummy gravy that is served with it. The chicken was not dry in the least bit, as I find some jerk chicken can be, and it is served with rice and peas, which is also so good!

The lady who works here is super nice and friendly, and judging by the clientele, the food is very authentic. 

And OMG! Did I mention the gravy?!?Ǿ
Wish I could have taken a picture but before I knew it, I had already finished my jerk chicken meal. It was delicious. I'd recommend this place to anyone in the area. You can dine in or take out which is nice. The staff is friendly.Ǿ
Some of the best ox tail ive ever had. Good protion size. Service has improved everytime ive been there. Curry goat was very delicious as well. Chef is very friendly. Only issue is they charged my friend 95 cents for oxtail gravy on her rice! Never heard of that before at a west indian restaurant. Had the soup as well and it was great!Ǿ
Soup is great, curry is neon yellow, and the special is scanty.  Overall, it does the job and the soup is great.Ǿ
I Work Across The Street and try to visit this joint every chance i get and the food here is AMAZING! If your looking for a great eating experience at a wonderful Jamaican Cuisine Then this is your spot! Defiantly worth the price. And the staff there are great!Ǿ
Authentic, reasonable price and straight up the best West Indian food in the city!!! I'm addicted.Ǿ
Had the food here twice.  Now my new favourite spot.  Everything here is delicious.  Jerk chicken,  oxtail,  curry chicken,  rice n peas,  coleslaw...  All good.Ǿ
I love the jerk pork with the spicy gravy. Put  over some rice and it was delicious. Add a mango nectar with that or guava if that's what you prefer and you've got a yummy Caribbean meal. 

The place was clean and everybody was very helpful and friendly. The food was reasonably priced for the portions as well.Ǿ
Nice variety of dishes and yummy food. Even the rice and beans are full of flavour. They were out of roti when I popped in, so I went for the jerk chicken. Very good.Ǿ
I really like both their curry chicken and their jerk chicken. Their service is fast and the price was reasonable as well. All in all, I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a good place to grab a quick bite.