Impeccable experience...ranging from the courteous service to the detailed placement of the furniture and lighting to the dainty food.
I had high tea there with my girlfriend and that was definitely one of the highlights of our Vegas trip!Ǿ
For now, this is my favorite place in Las Vegas.

They have changed back to the old name Tabelau.  So I will finish my review there.Ǿ
I came to the Wynn for my birthday and decided to have brunch at Tableau which had the best ratings for this part of the Strip. I was disappointed when I found out that Tableau had closed for renovation, but excited to find that it would be reborn as the Tower Suite Cafe and opening right before the weekend I was planning to come. 

Brunch was for 14 people (what can I say? i'm popular lol) and everyone at the Wynn who helped me set it up was helpful and classy. The Tower Suties Cafe is a nice place so remember to show up in more than just shorts and flip flops. Maybe word hasn't gotten out about the place, or maybe it was because it was wild card weekend and the game was on, but it was nearly empty when we got there save for a table or two.

Our group started off with mimosas. The wait staff suggested we get a bottle of champagne and order the orange juice separately. It was a fine idea except that the orange juice came out in the smallest carafes I've ever seen.

I had the open faced Dungeness Crab Sandwich which was fine, but I probably wouldn't get again. Call me a San Francisco purist, but Dungeness is best when fresh and unadorned with too much. The Duck Has probably got the best reviews from our group, and the Eggs Benedict was probably the second most popular item. I'm not too big on sweets but I remember seeing the mouthwatering pictures of the tower of pancakes and generous pieces of french toast at Tableau, and after my meal, I wish I'd gotten one of those.

All in all, a solid experience, a pretty location, and superb service.Ǿ
These guys have service down from the front of the house to the kitchen.  Thanks for several great morning meals.Ǿ
For the price, the type of food and the atmosphere this is really a great place to be.  You feel like you're in a secluded garden somewhere with beautiful surroundings.  It's sunny, you see the pool outside, it feels like summers in the Hamptons.  When you look at the menu, everything seems okay however when the food gets here, it's beautifully presented and tastes excellent.  We came here last year and liked it so much, we came back again.  It's a terrific place to have your Sunday brunch.  Service, food, ambiance all excellent.  Last but not least, the place isn't that pricey especially for a restaurant in Wynn.  I can't wait to go back.Ǿ
Formerly known as Tableau!  I kept searching on Yelp and couldn't find any reviews until I got this tip from friends. 

We made reservations for late birthday brunch for a party of 15!  While waiting for the group, I indulged in a kir royale at the bar and chatted with the very friendly bartender.  We were seated promptly and had several waiters assigned to our table.  Then came the mimosas, which increased the noise level.  Our waiters took very good care of us and always had our glasses full.  Armando rocks.  

Had a vegetable chop salad with mozzarella, tomatoes, olives, and other stuff I can't recall or identify but it was very refreshing, light, and satisfying.  I split a chicken panini with my cousin, which was also tasty.  Crunchy bread with tender chicken strips wrapped in melty cheese.  

Our total bill came out to $41/person.  A bit pricey but we had drinks and a good time.  GREAT staff!!  Love the Wynn!

P.S. I forgot my leftovers in the crazy bathroom that has rooms as stalls.  *sadfaceǾ
Wow got into Vegas early and wanted a great breakfast. Found it. Lots of interesting things on menu.   Waitress recommended duck hash with scrambled eggs. Wow, I was not disappointed. It was served in a light crusty croissant style pastry shell. Beautiful presentation delicious. Great atmosphere. Service was outstanding!  If you are at the Wynn try Tableau also known as the tower cafe

Btw free coffee from 7-8:30 am for hotel guests in to go cups