First let me explain that I give this location 3 stars, because Jack Astor's can only get 3 stars maximum given the type of restaurant/bar it is. 

Now with that in mind, we got exactly the experience we were expecting. At times the servers were quite busy and service may have been a bit slower than usual, however, they were very friendly and very flexible with our orders which was impressive. 

Overall it is great to have an alternative to a Boston Pizza or Wings Place where you can go for a casual drink and watch a game in Downtown North York. A welcomed addition to the area.Ǿ
"If you have nothing nice to say, don't say anything"
 - First grade teacher

Food: 2/5 Not a fan.
Service: 3/5 Never around. Manager is helpful.
Environment: 4/5 Great for sporting events.
Washrooms: 4/5 Meh.
Worth it?: 3/5 Environment is fun. Food could be better.

I Just kidding. It's not that bad. The food really isn't that great. Their summer specials for Canada's 150th is very disappointing. We tried to the Montreal smoke meat poutine. The cheese was hard and there was not very much smoked meat. Just allot of pickles.

If you can get over the food, the environment is nice. It is great for watching sporting events. Just make sure it's big enough of an event for them to turn the sound up.

Service never seems to be around. They seemed well staffed but they are always all in the back or somewhere else. The manager however is quite helpful. My order came out wrong and he was quick to get things in order for me. 

There are too many options around for me to give it another go. Sorry.Ǿ
Patio makes it a 4 star. Great patio and view on a summer day with mist and shade on the rooftop. I like their new drink menu but since they changed their food menu, I haven't been a fan. So it's usual if opt out of food and just settle for drinks.Ǿ
Huge fan of this Jack's. It's actually my favorite so far. Food is the same it always is -  my favorite is bruschetta. They honestly have the most amazing bruschetta I have ever had in my life...It's so packed with basil, tomatoes, feta, balsamic and creamy dressing, and onions. UGH! Want. Right. Now.

Location is perfect, the area was missing a nice roof top patio. It's spacious, full of servers and they're all mad nice.

The only problem is the lineup. Friday night, any time after 6pm - GOOD LUCK getting a seat anywhere in the restaurant, and you can forget about the roof top all together. 

Bar has a huge screen if you wanna watch anything. Usually the main "event" (whether it's Friday night football or a big Jay's game) is on the big screen and the rest of the stuff, like cricket...and water polo... are on the tiny screens surrounding it. It's pricey - it's Jack's after all. I would still recommend this if you're anywhere in the Sheppard/Finch area and need a place to get drunk.

Walk off the buzz/calories at Mel Lastman scquare across the street, or get a Starbucks, or hop on the North York Center subway! YAAYYY! Welcome to da hood, sir.Ǿ
The other reviewers are correct. The staff were all very nice and always tried to go the extra mile. Our server Ryan (?) was friendly and really tried to bend over backwards for us. 

We sat in the bar area as hubby wanted to catch the nba playoffs. There was a hockey game playing on other tvs. Please note they do not show UFC events (hubby asked). While still eating our salad and appetizer, they served us the entree but then offered to keep them warm in the kitchen. However, when we got the burger it didn't seem warm at all,,,,. I was really hungry so did not ask them to reheat etc. The server was really nice and actually had a new burger made for my hubby (on the house). How nice! The burger took a while but what a diff when I tried his fries. It was so crispy ! Food was alright but service was definitely excellent. We will definitely be returning since it's in the area.

The patio is definitely going to be popular during the nice summer weather. There was even a TV up there!! Unfortunately it's first come first serve. So it may be a long wait. I noticed the crowd up there were mostly young 20s ppl and some were there purely there for scouting (eye rolls).Ǿ
First time visiting this location, and was very impressed with the service and Natasha the manager who went out of her way to make sure we had a good time.  I highly recommend coming here.Ǿ
good environment,fair service,not enough attentive staff and in general Jack astors food portions are getting smaller! very disappointed that Steak Fajita was removed from the MenueǾ
For a chain, it delivers. I really do love the Jack Astors close to Union Station, but this one is close to home!

LOVE the bruschetta with that creamy sauce and diced tomatoes. I ordered the Salmon and my fiance ordered a chicken sandwhich. He was expecting some Focaccia-type bread, but all he got was chicken between two burger buns. 

It was relatively early when we went (5:30 on a Saturday night). You can choose to sit on the main level (bar) or eat at the main dining room (upstairs) where you have the cozy booths and various televisions playing a variety of sports.

Service was great! Yeah for Moose our waiter.

Again, for a chain, it is what it is, but sometimes you just want to relax and order a bottle of red for $25 (vs. $50 at some fancy restaurant for the same varietal) and eat fries.

Great addition to North York! And the patio looks great (I will try in the summer).Ǿ
I really like jack Astors because it's a spprts bar restaurant but they have beautiful salads. Specifically Smiling Buddha is very good.
In This specific branch they are very friendly. My husband broke a glass of beer and ruined the Putin in front of him, but they changed the putin and beer without any charges and without giving any attitude. 
Like it here alot.Ǿ
Typical jacks.  3 levels - bar on first level, dining area on second, and patio on top.  Servers were friendly.

Decent food.  Can't really screw up nachos

Good place to just chill with friends.Ǿ
Yesterday, after work. I went to jack Astor with my co-works. Ordered the beer. There was a fly in it.
Told and showed her. She didn't say sorry. Instead she made a weird facial reaction. It was like, " why can't u guys just scooped out the fly and drink it"... 
worst awkward moment in my life.... anyways they scooped it out and served us with the same drink. Didn't want to make any trouble and we just drank it. I don't think we will go to that place again. Waiter didn't even smile. It was like talking to AI robot. And sadly food was taste soso....  not to sure why people go there  is it b/c of patio ? Maybe ... not sure.Ǿ
I visited during their "soft launch" and yes, the staff was attentive to the point that we started laughing about it. Lots of staff hanging around doing nothing.
The food was tasty.
But I won't be back. While the men waitstaff wore the usual trousers and Tshirt, the women's uniform was a very short skirt and extremely low cut top. This sort of sexism put me off the whole experience.Ǿ
If you're coming here....expect nothing but a nice patio and by that I mean nothing- service is absolutely terrible, food is on par. Basically if you don't yell and complain don't expect your food to come out on time...just ask Steven the server if you don't believe me.Ǿ
Monday night at 12:30am and it's a perfect night to be on the rooftop, not a crazy amount of people but enough for people watch.  Bartender Trish (I think that's her name) was EXCELLENT.  extremely professional and friendly, shook our hands and introduced herself which is very rare nowadays.

We will definitely come back again, just moved to the neighborhood and this rooftop patio is unbelievable.Ǿ
The portions were fair the prices were OK. This location is great for being in the center of everything.  I'll definitely go back.Ǿ
This review is coming from an avid bar go-er/patio loving/30 year old female.  The review is long, but this is over a few attempts/experiences.

I was really looking forward to this location opening up, as I live in the area and there aren't too many good spots in the area.  I was a complete supporter, even followed their facebook page and encouraged my friends that "this could be our new spot!"  I personally enjoy Jack Astors in general, so it would take some swaying to make me not want to go back.  But oh, did this location ever push me away.  I have experienced and heard nothing but bad things about this place.

A friend and I went the first week it opened just to grab a couple beers.  The staff seemed nice enough, but we had to wait about 30 minutes to get a seat at the BAR, only to have them put us at a shared table.  While we were waiting for the table (no seats, just awkwardly standing in front of the hostess) the security guard told my friend there was a dress code - meaning his hat could not be backwards. (Mind you, we would've fit the "dress code" for other Jack Astors locations.)  So he moved his hat forward, and sure enough he fit the "dress code".  Our shared table was at the back of the bar, where the employees often decided this was the best place to show how fun their jobs were by dancing up on each other and "WOO"-ing.  I get that they are trying to hype up the crowd, but there were sports games on TV, it was just embarrassing to watch.  Though the waitress encouraged us to come back, because they have an amazing patio that is heated all year round.  I asked if we could call in advance to reserve seats, to which she said 'Yes, absolutely!!'  I thought that was cool, because most busy Jack Astors don't allow you to do that.  Which ended up being true here too - so, she lied :D

So the other times I've TRIED to go, I've called in advance asking how the patio looks, as in very busy, etc.  Every time I've called I've almost been lectured, or rushed off the phone with them repeatedly saying "It's a first come first serve basis, people have been here for hours, people get here really early"  etc.  Hmm, guess I don't plan ahead enough to experience their patio.
I also ended up going here as well for a corporate event, where we had a large group and set menu's.  BAD - they got everyone's orders wrong, some people's orders went missing, one person even only got their entree when others were finishing their dessert!  They comped us all with a free appetizer at that location - to which many people laughed at, since they would not be returning to that location.

I tried to go again yesterday (seriously, I think I'm a very forgiving person) - we were a group of 7 looking for a seat on the patio.  The hostess told us (word for word) "We are at capacity.  I mean, you COULD go up and check, and maybe wait around at the bar up there.  But for 7, you're not gonna get a seat.  So I don't recommend it."   So we took her advice and didn't check since she said we weren't going to get a seat anyway.  


All in all, I'm not trying to hate, but they have made it very difficult someone who wanted to support them to actually be able to.  They continue to maintain this douchey attitude, yet don't even have the service to support it.  If I ever do make it on the patio, I will write a new review.  But until then, remember folks - first come first serve, only the lucky are allowed in!Ǿ
One advice:
If you want to sit on the beautiful rooftop patio, make sure you take your oxygen tank with you. It's filled with cigarette smoke and no air circulation.Ǿ
A jacked up not so pleasing to the visual on serving 4  cms of empty glass top ...  change the glass.  What does the regular serving look like ... probably unimpressive.Ǿ
We Came here in a beautiful Saturday afternoon as a group of 5 and our group was greatly turned off.
1. I was the first to arrive and so was seated first by our waitress, only to realize later that I was to be left alone for the next 20 minutes. 
2. After my friends came, we all had to wait again for long to get served and then get our drinks. 
3. Fries came cold. We requested a change and what came next was no better. Just re-dipping in oil will make it warmer than what we had, really.

Edited: fries were taken off the bill.Ǿ
Good spot. Nice ambience. Decent service.
But....
The patio chairs are bad and I wished they had better food :( Too expensive for average food!Ǿ
I came here the other day with a group of girls from work. The service was very friendly and respectful of our time constraints. Being just the next block down from the North York subway stop, it makes it quick and convenient to get to.

I ordered the California Grilled Chicken Salad as I had had this once before at another location and honestly, it's about the only thing I like on their menu. It is a very good salad and I would definitely recommend it. I did feel however, that my chicken might have been a little undercooked... although I suffered no 'issues'.

Again though, it's the only thing I like on their menu so I think I would be more apt to go to Milestones which is right at the North York subway station than to walk down to Jack Astor's.

Their saving grace is definitely their service.Ǿ
Pretty bad service for a popular chain- won't be back. 

Our waitress who had a "do it your selfie" shirt seemed to imply that service would be at a minimum anyways as she didn't even tell us her name, check up on us, and even swindled 1.5$ from me. 

I ordered their "famous chicken fingers" and they asked me if I wanted gravy on the side. So I said yes. It came on the bill as an additional 1.5 and I didn't want to feel cheap as she basically made it seem like it would come with it poured on top, instead of asking if I wanted it as an addition. Service was complete joke, and she didn't even say thank you as we paid. 

She had medium length brown hair and worked on the patio. I won't be back - joke of a service restaurant that's known to be popular in "downtown North York"Ǿ
The food was a hit this time unlike last time I was here. Although the salad could improve a bit. The croutons in the Caesar salad were huge and since you can't really cut croutons I didn't eat them. The Pad Thai with shrimps was excellent. The calamari, although greesy, was very tasty. If you become a vVVIP member you get a $10 discount. The service was much better this time, maybe because we were seated inside and not in the patio.Ǿ
Really liked coming here! It was my first time and the food was amazing! The service was good and the atmosphere was great. It's definitely on the loud side and very casual. I had the chicken poutine and it was to die for. My boyfriend has the sirloin burger with pulled pork on it (big Texas burger I think?) and it was amazing. I had to have a second giant bite of it. Come here with friends for drinks for sure.Ǿ
I keep going back to this location for lack of anywhere else to go that is close by...

Not anymore, I must stay away, I must!

Jack's has always been one of those places where everything either goes really well or everything goes completely wrong...

I stayed away from Jack's when I found out they removed the steak fajita (which on my last visit I discovered they brought it back 

(more on that later)

Over the years most of my favourite items have been removed, including the delicious sweet chilli chicken fingers! Yes they still have chicken fingers but it just isn't the same without the sweet chilli sauce...

I will hopefully never return to this location, but again sometimes life happen and it is what it is... 

This location when it first opened seemed to have their shit together, not so much anymore. I believe everyone who was originally here is no longer and things have taken a spiral.

I always find especially with Jack's that unless they write your order down, it will not come out correctly. The server on my most recent visit seemed rather lost but even if she was amazing it wouldn't have changed what happened next ...

Now back to that steak fajita, after eating one fajita and onto making a second one I noticed a big long black strand of hair right in the middle of the fajita that I was currently in the process of making its way to my mouth. I'm so thankful I noticed before closing the wrap and entering my mouth. I was so grossed out as I already ate from that skillet and when I looked down I noticed MORE HAIR in the skillet! 

The whole steak fajita was filled with hair! Sometimes you end up with hair unfortunately in your food but someone's whole head of hair in my food? Wtf? ...

The manager could have cared less, which made matters worse and actually said that she checked and made sure the hair wasn't mine? Seriously?

It was like a scene from a nightmare or something. Usually Jack's has pretty cool managers but I guess because of where this location is, this isn't the case.

Take the extra few minutes and go to the location at Don Mills. Unless hair is your thing...Ǿ
Jacks as a franchise is great but this location is by far the absolute worst.

Poor bar service where your server may come by every 40mins if your lucky and he/she isn't too busy joking around with other staff.

They make it blatantly clear that as a customer, 'we don't need you'... I get it, busy location means there's always customers but don't expect great tips with poor attitude and service.Ǿ
Standard JA food, not gourmet at all and a bit pricey for what it is. Service can be very slow/unnattentive at times. Holiday menu for work function was very meh. So so at best. Great rooftop patio, though!Ǿ
I generally really like Jack Astor's but this location specifically is awful. It's near my work so I've gone more than once during lunch hours and every time I do, the service is terrible. We called ahead of time to reserve a patio table for 5 and the hostess told us it was empty and to just come.. we showed up and they informed us the whole patio was booked for a last minute reservation. Our food took over an hour to come out apparently because of this patio reservation. The communication and slow service is not worth it. This service was the last straw for me and I'll never be going to this location ever again.Ǿ
I had just checked in to my hotel and was starving, this was close to the hotel and had a good variety.  The service was excellent and the food good.  I had a chicken sandwich that was tasty but the piece of chicken could have been a little bigger.  They have a great selection of beers and the prices were reasonable.  I would definitely return on my next trip.Ǿ
Dined here with a group of about 16 people.  With a reservation, we were accommodated quite efficiently.  Both our servers were very attentive, although they SHOULD be given that the 15% gratuity was automatically added to our bill!  Still, good service is not to be taken for granted these days and both servers were always very available, cheery and timely, even bringing refills for our soft drinks without even being prompted!  Appetizers and entrees were brought out in a reasonable time.  Quite an achievement as it was a typically busy Saturday night and the restaurant was jam-packed.  

Only complaint is that being a large and reputable chain, Jack Astor's SHOULD really take the initiative to offer much healthier fare.  I know that restaurants are not exactly conducive to sensible eating and are probably the wrong venue fir this expectation but as a health-conscious person who hates to derail her diet and lifestyle just because of dining out, I had checked the nutrition info prior to dining and had an insanely and frustratingly difficult time finding a healthy entree!  I am appalled that salads are ~500-600 calories, pastas/steaks are ~900-1200 calories and burgers/sandwiches are ~800-1000 calories!  This is disregarding the 3000 calories poutines!  Even entrees on the kids menu ranged from 500-800 calories!  Jack Astor's is in a great position to lead by example so I would really like to see more healthier offerings or at the very least a menu section that highlights food for health-conscious patrons with a calorie disclosure.  I have seen various forms of this in other restaurant chains so it is not asking the impossible.  In fact, that would definitely increase your business! 

Other than that, it was a great first time dining at this location.  Underground parking at the nearby Empress was a $5 flat fee...thank goodness!  Keep it up!Ǿ
We brought our staff to this location for a bite and a few drinks. The atmosphere is great. Definitely the better of the Jack Astor's I've been too. Food was decent. Service was weird and inexperienced. Head waitress was rude and clearly having an off night. At one point she went so far as to say that she just got back from a long vacation and wished that she was not working? Ummm... OK. There was confusion with drink orders and she blamed it on us for switching seats with each other (we definitely didn't move from our seats). We didn't complain but I guess that guilt (or fear) kicked in and we were given a couple fried calamari appetizers for a table of 16 people lol. 

I'll return because of the atmosphere and will cross my fingers for better service. But based on previous reviews I will likely not get it. Employee attitude comes from the top. Doesn't JA know that?Ǿ
Was there last night and had a pasta dish.  The tomato sauce is exquisite.  When I mentioned it to the waiter he told us it was made on site.
My appreciation to the chef.Ǿ
Went to eat and watch the Leafs playoff game. All Leaf fans their to watch the game but they would not put the volume on or broadcast and instead played Aerosmith and Bon Jovi on loud speakers.. :) many people upset and left. If you want to watch the Raptors or Leafs in Playoffs don't go to Jacks!Ǿ
This location... Forget it! 
Don Mills Centres- so much better!!!!

Came here yesterday and everything I ordered came out cold like from the fridge, cold mash potatoes, cold soup :| and cold chicken fingers ! was no one working in the kitchen last night was everything just microwaved for 2 mins?
Service?? expect none... bill you better go and punch out your own bill cause you'll have to wait forever to get it. 

the 4 tables sitting in a section were all annoyed.Ǿ
I never leave negative reviews on Yelp but felt that this time around, I had no choice but to! My girlfriends and I love to go to Jack Astor's for drinks and apps. However, we frequent other locations and not the North York one. It just so happens that two weeks ago and just last night as well, we went to the North York location for some food and drinks and both times, we experienced the worst customer service. Our server from two weeks ago was not attentive to us whatsoever and was much more busy attending to the tables filled with men, chatting them up for minutes at a time, when we were clearly waiting to be served or waiting for a simple glass of water. I believe that throughout the two hours we were there, our waiter approached us twice. We even had to hunt her down to pay for our bill! We ordered the bowtie pasta (with no chicken) and the pasta came with no sun-dried tomatoes. We asked for them to add it and our waiter brought us two plates of COLD sun-dried tomatoes (are you kidding me?) That warrants the bare minimum, tip wise!

Anyway, we thought this one time horrid experience was a fluke so we gave it another shot last night. Again, awful service. This time, our waiter was too busy chatting with her fellow employees, too busy to come around our table at all unless we hunted her down, yet again. I even took a picture of her standing in a corner chatting with her co-workers for an extended period of time, hoping to show it to the manager, but honestly, we won't be coming back here, so I didn't bother. However, I have attached the picture to this review for proof that the service at this location is just simply awful, awful, awful.

Jack Astors North York location, I believe you need to step up your customer service before word gets around that your staff is picky with who they serve well and who they do not.

Sincerely,

Disappointed patron(s).Ǿ
It wasn't anything special. My previous experience at another location had been horrible, and i had held off visiting another one for awhile. Service here was mediocre. I was just catching up with a friend in the area and we happened to grab food here. It was a weekday, so wasn't busy at all upstairs. The burger was good, and it was a good spot for talking/catching up with friends.Ǿ
Pretty good food, great location with indoor and outdoor seating and good service. I always make sure to come here everytime I visit Toronto. Sat at the bar once and watched the bartender launch drinks through the air like a rocket. And make sure whatever drink you order, get it "Jack'd Up" for and extra kick!Ǿ
Great food! 
Friendly staff. 
Plenty of screens. 
Atmosphere was so nice.
Actually I didnt expect about steak quality and taste that much but it was best beef steak ever! (Better than the keg)

Great drinks menu, too.

They also have very nice rooftop patio.Ǿ
Lousy service, inept management, food is poor to mediocre. 

Other than that a great place for lunch.Ǿ
It's a Jack Astor's, so you know what to expect. I've been here a few times and the staff is always good and attentive.  

I like this location in particular because it has three levels: the main floor is the bar area, second floor more for families, and the rooftop is a great patio.Ǿ
I love nachos and hot wings in this restaurant, the servers are friendly and welcoming, we always go there with group of our friends.Ǿ
Beer is good, everything else needs work. Guacamole has garlic in it, yak. Artichoke-spinach deep has very little of both artichoke and spinach, all it has is cream, cream and more cream, processed cream that is. The service is slow, the place is packed to the roof.
I'll leave this place to the parents of new born babies that miss the hype of going out so they bring babies to beer establishments with them, or perhaps it's just a part of the early childhood development strategy.Ǿ
Will defo go back again...nice and helpful staff and good food...the drinks are also nice!Ǿ
What a nice gem in the heart of it all. Great location with lots to do around. Staff here are excellent. Good atmosphere. Highly recommend.Ǿ
One of the few chain restaurants I enjoy. Service is okay at this location. Prices are getting a bit high for the portions offered. Would recommend their stacked poutines, nachos with chicken, and the bowtie pasta. They have a really nice patio that is great for summer nights.Ǿ
@Jack_Astors #JACKASTORS #TOFOOD #YELPGTA

What can I say about Jack Astor's? Never too much. However, JA is always an uncomplicated choice for group settings. As far as I know, they allow split bills on groups as large as 10 people. 

This location has 2 floors, and the usual decor. Cocktails were great, as was the sangria apparently (I didn't try the sangria), and JA surprisingly offers a good selection of shots. 

Food was a tad disappointing. I've been to Jack Astor's plenty (sadly) so I am aware of their food portions - especially since I usually always stick to a particular order. My boyfriend wasn't all that hungry and I can never finish a pasta dish at these places - so we ordered a Asiago Chicken Bowties to share. This is something we've done before as well; and they usually bring out the whole dish of pasta and two extra plates for us to help ourselves. This location, however, brought out two separately dressed plates for us, which would have been impressive if the portions weren't severely cut down. *thumbs down*Ǿ
Atmosphere is ok, food is mediocre, service is consistently sooooooo slow, mixed up and forgetful. Not sure why I went back a second time. Won't make that mistake again.Ǿ
Sat at the patio. The mist is bad. Water kept leaking on the table and our drinks, food, and body. Manager changed our Drinks because it was a bit flat. That was awesome. Food was mediocre and they didn't give us any cutlery or napkins. Table was super unstable. The leaking water really made this three star into a two star experience.Ǿ
Relatively new to the North York area.  Wanted to give this place a better rating, if only b/c it's got a pretty sweet patio and the proximity to Novotel where I normally stay is super convenient.

Think they need to work through some growing pains but definitely shows promise.  Food was pretty good, although my burger took so long they took it off the bill without me even complaining.  A for effort for sure.

Had some trouble convincing them to change the channel initially even though we were the only ones in the front section.  Eventually they figured it out and got us squared away.

Will definitely be back when I'm in town.  Waitresses wear shirts with interesting sayings on the back.  One of them said, "certified hokey pokey instructor."  I can definitely see myself getting shitfaced and asking them to prove it.Ǿ
Had the worse service here. There wasn't many people in the restaurant but the waitress was slow to bring food and also took them forever to bring the bill. They screwed up the bill and waited over 15 for her to bring the correct bill to us and another 5 minutes for her to bring the credit machine. Almost everyone pays by card these days. Should always have the machine on hand even if customer is paying by cash. The food was not the best. The garlic pan bread was so salty I think I had enough for the week! Where are my fries?? I swear there are less and less fries each time I eat here. C'mon guys, fries costs pennies. When I first ate at jack Astors a few years ago the fries overflowed the plate. Then they started putting them in bowls and the bowls are now virtually empty, the fries are now below the rim. Suffice to say we left hungry and severely disappointed with their food and slow service. Money not well spent. Avoid like the plague!Ǿ
Mediocre ass food. 

The service.  Mmmm the service. 
We walk in on a Sunday evening. 7:10 and Noo hostess around. He comes out of upstairs and greets us before roaming around 2 extra minutes before we get seated.  

We waited until 7:51 for our food and by 8:10, we were done. That's how hungry we were. Our server man was NOO WHERE TO BE FOUND.  We ran out of water, had to raise our hands like highschool kids just to get their attention. 

By the time we were done, the experience wasn't worth it. Sucks considering I actually like JA's 

They also forgot the sauce on our cheesecake so that biatch was hella dry.Ǿ
Jack Astor's has always been one of my favourite places to eat. I've been to several locations as I have moved from Brampton to Toronto to now North York. I've always had superb service at each one and I only expected the same from this location. 
I came here with my boyfriend and at first things were great, we were greeted right away at the door and was told that it was great weather for the patio so we walked up the flight of stairs and was seated by the hostess. She was even nice enough to move the other tables around so I had enough room to jump onto my chair (the stools are pretty high).

But here are where things got bad. While we were taking our time figuring out what we wanted, we realized nobody was coming to our table. We were sitting at our table for nearly 20 minutes and wasn't even offered a glass of water. Meanwhile, the tables around us were getting seated and even had their drinks by now. 

My boyfriend was beyond pissed, but we were still patient while we tried to wave down a waitress. We explained that we have been sitting for awhile and we were ready to order. She said she'd be right back. Um... 10 minutes later and she still didn't come back to our table. We can clearly see her waiting around chatting with another coworker. The table in front of us got their food at this point and we were so upset because they came in later than we did and we weren't even served yet!
I mean... you see us waiting here, how long does it take to scribble down what we want or to offer us a drink??? Or at least apologize?

We were so angry that we just got up and left. And let me say, that this is the first time I've EVER got up and left a restaurant. I'm usually patient because I was a server myself and I know how tough it can be... but this is ridiculous. We must have wasted 30+ minutes there. That is unacceptable. I will not return.Ǿ
The only decent rooftop patio in the area.  Food and drinks are not bad.  They could use more staff though.Ǿ
The management and staff at this new Jack Astor's are really going the extra mile to make a good first impression.

I've visited this location four times since it opened.  I've had some of the best service that I've seen at a chain restaurant.  The wait staff are friendly and attentive.  The location is big with plenty of seating.  There's a nice patio that beats the other options in the area.  They also have lots of TVs everywhere for watching whatever game is on.

On one visit, we went here for lunch.  The two of us were seated at 12:32 - they wrote the time on the table - and they made a passing reference to their in and out in 40 minutes lunch thing.  At 12:58 we were happily chatting away when someone who appeared to be the kitchen manager came out and apologized for the "excessive wait", said "we can do better than that time" and told us that our meal was free.  We were blown away.  On another visit, they were so attentive that one of my colleagues described it as "the best service of all time".

They seem to have lots of extra staff there right now so I can't be certain that they'll be able to maintain the level of service, but they're off to a great start.  

One area for improvement - on our very first lunch visit some guy came around with the pepper shaker and asked if we want "papa" on our food.  None of us could really understand his accent.  He then proceeded to put enormous amount of pepper on my meal, even after I told him to stop.  

Otherwise, great start, Jack Astor's!  You have my business.Ǿ
I came here with my 2 1/2 year old son and my sister for a casual sit-down dinner. I was pleasantly surprised by everything, particularly the quality of the food and exceptionally attentive service!

I got the miso tuna bowl. I had low expectations ordering something "Asian" at a Jack Astor's, but the crunchiness of the greens, the freshness of the tuna, and the tangy-umami-combination of the vinaigrette dressing was a total pleasant surprise. My son and sister both had pizza which was pretty standard (and done reasonably well).

Service was excellent, and particularly child-centric for my son. They provided him with two toys to play with at the table, which kept him happy all through the dinner service. 

Definitely a great option for casual sit-down food in the area!Ǿ
Liked Nachos &  Bleached (cocktail). Non-alcoholic drink Sassafraz was also good. We ate all vegeterianǾ
This place made my eyes and ears bleed with pure frustration....

3 weeks already living in Canada and I am starting to figure out that there is not the kind of bar/pub culture that there is back home in Ireland. Unless it's a club then these places will always serve food. Correct me if I'm wrong but that's the impression I am getting. There doesn't seem to be just little pubs to go have a pint and a chat.

So after being to a few sports bar/restaurant type places I have realised that these kind of chain sports bar is the WORST type of place to be spending your dollars. Some are better than others but by Jaysus this has to be one of the worst.

The service was AWFUL. Granted the place was busy but every time our server was asked to bring us something it took 15 minutes at least. 

I had a Bloody Mary - it was standard enough. Then I ordered the pulled pork poutine. That was pretty good but a small enough portion. We drank some pitchers of beer and my friends had wings and a chicken salad. Again totally scabby on the portion size. [see pics]

This place is HUGE. Patio on the roof and a couple of other floors with tables and booths and then just the regular bar. Clinical mutant with no soul.

Our server and all the other servers were very very slow. There was no sense of urgncy with any of them. Granted it was busy but they seemed in no hurry to be going anywhere.

It seems like if you're relatively attractive female with a good figure then you are probably hired regardless of your experience.

I am gay. This little game of yours does not work for me. 

We left no tip. The only tip I would have given her was go find another job.

I had an enjoyable night due to the company I was with, but I know it most certainly had nothing to do with this place. I would be totally put off going to any of their other bars.Ǿ
Not a bad spot.  Funny every Jack Astors kind of epitomizes its own area.  Same deal here.  You have well dressed Yonge/Shep people who want to come in here.  A little bit like a bar that is "hard to get"in atmosphere (but not too bad at all).  And yes very friendly staff. 

Couple extra's?  The Patio is the best in Willowdale.  They actually let the bar Staff Flair on the downstairs.  I have personally witnessed a bar staff fill a pint, and THROW a pint (safely) at least 30 feet to his other staff who served the beer!

Yes, there are days it is too loud and you don't want to go.  Then there are days where the place is just right for you.  If you live in the city, you already know how Jack Astor's tastes... Now you know a bit about the bar.  

If in the area, pop in.Ǿ
Went there again (foolishly), but more so because I forgot my previous experience. I shall commit to memory that I shall not return because I want their food. Their service was what is generally expected from a restaurant of such caliber. The atmosphere and the joys of being among friends (or colleagues) would be your primary reason for heading out. 

I was disappointed with the shrimp pasta dish; although the quantity served wasn't the issue. It just lacked zest. The pasta was mushy, while the shrimps were mediocre at best. Unfortunately, the restaurant didn't have spaghetti or fettuccine available.

Others around the table had other entrees, and looked alright.Ǿ
Went to this jack Astros with my husband and 7 month old on a night we just didn't feel like cooking. The main restaurant area is great for families and the menu still makes us feel like we're out on a mini date night. 

We got to enjoy the grown up atmosphere with our baby without feeling like those parents who brought their baby into a bar. My husband got to watch his basketball game and I got adult talk with a glass of wine to boot! 

We love the chicken fingers here (random I know) but their always so juicy and crunchy.

We will be back on our next family date night.Ǿ
I came to this Jack Astor's with a large group (~20 of us total) to celebrate our good friend's birthday. Our reservation was made for 7PM on a Wednesday evening, but by the time all of us finally got there - it was probably around 7:30/7:45 when we were ordering food. Kudos to the wait staff (2 servers total to cover all 20 of us) for their patience. I know that as a large group, we can honestly be really slow at ordering and deciding.

In any case, the restaurant seems to be relatively new. I actually missed it the first time we drove by, only because the signage isn't apparent and doesn't stand out until you are right in front of it. I think I am used to the black/charcoal brick motif that I've seen at other Jack Astor locations. We found street parking on a side street and proceeded to enter the restaurant and be shown to our group's table located on the 2nd floor. A rather large venue I must say - lots of seating available.

For our meals - I ordered the Asiago Chicken Bowties; I wasn't particularly hungry and thus didn't go for a steak or a burger. The food was good - nothing to rave about though, it is what I expected based on the description.

Generally - I thought that the service was good, the food was OK, and the menus were illegible. The reason I say that, is that they have developed the menus as inserts into this plastic sleeve. The issue, is that the sleeve has a slight opacity and isn't completely clear. Thus the menu is VERY HARD TO READ unless you press the plastic directly against the insert and look very carefully.

I'm sure the concept of using the sleeves makes it easy to swap menus out and such - but really, it was straining on the eyes.Ǿ
Typical Jack's food - which is ok, but not great.  It's the atmosphere that sets this location apart.  3 indoor floors and an amazing rooftop patio that rivals the best.  Easily the best Jack Astors I've been to.Ǿ
Nachos is the perfect dish for when you're not ready to commit to a whole meal, but want a little sumthin' sumthin' with your beer. I used to think that you can't screw up nachos. Jack Astor's you have succeeded in proving me wrong. 

The two separate times I've ordered the nachos, they came out disappointingly assembled, to say the least. The chips were quite stale, but what was more heartbreaking, was the stingiest sprinkle of cheese and mouse-sized veggies on top. I had about 5 good topping-to-chip-ratio bites, and the rest was all bare nacho chips. Sigh. 

Another thing that grinds my gears, why are your glass pitchers heavier than the liquid content inside it? I'm not sure if this is some phycological economic tactic, but I'd rather work out my arms at a proper gym.  

I love Jack Astor's branding and atmosphere, but comon, let's get some key dishes (like nachos) on par with the rest of Toronto, j'ah?Ǿ
Nice place for drinks after work in the summer. The patio is great with lots of seating, umbrellas, and cooling mist. The food is decent but nothing special. Service was really friendly. No pear somersby yet...Ǿ
My second visit to this location, hoping the second trip would've better than the first. No dice.

First stop here last summer the bartender was a douche to my friend and me. We came to watch World Cup soccer and have a brew. When I asked if there were any specials (happy hour?) he said "this is Jack Astors, everything is expensive, what do you want?" The rest of the afternoon the bartender spent most of him time flirting with the waitresses with his back turned to the customers.

Second visit: almost a year later. Went to rooftop patio for one martini but could not get any service for ten minutes of sitting at a bar table by myself.  Not even the bartender noticed I had not been served yet. I finally had to call out to a waitress to come over. She seemed annoyed and refused to smile. Said she would "get someone" for me and took off. I kept waiting. When another waiter finally came by, took my drink order, and returned 10 minutes later to tell me the patio bar isn't stocked with ingredients to make a MARTINI. It was going to be a while... 25 minutes later I got my lousy drink in a tall glass, not a martini glass. I ordered a double but it tasted like soda water with lime. The manager came over to apologize and say the drink is on the house... Naturally- since there's no booze in it.  

Shady Bar. Avoid at all costs. Jack Assery all around.Ǿ
went to Jacks in Pickering...don't know if the staff dress code is the same at all  locations but my family was thoroughly disgusted...did we just wander mistakenly into a PENTHOUSE restaurant or what...I mean the outfits the waitresses were wearing makes Miley Cyrus look like a church choir singer. After seeing that ones outfit was so stripper like,not to mention the very very poor service, we left. The owner of this establishment must not be a married man or perhaps his wife is an exhibitionist. Perhaps a name change to Jack ASSCRACKS would be more suiting.SHAMEFULǾ
Service is questionable, but based on the other options in this area, jacks isn't so bad. 

Madly in love with the rooftop patio! It's even heated, in case you're wearing something from earlier in the day and didn't realize that it would be chilly later. 

I've been here a handful of times as again, there's not much else in the area that me and my best friend agree on, and other than the service (once waited 60mins+ for a pitcher i asked for three times) its alright. 

BLT poutine is pretty good though, I wasn't a huge fan of it the first time but if you're hungry, it isn't bad. 

There's kind of a clubby-atmosphere to it, especially the patio, but if you can deal with it, you'll be fine. A touch on the pricey side. 

Ok, say something nice. OH, I like how they have "jacked up" (read: very large pints) of beer. This keeps happy Rosie happy. 

Otherwise, eh.Ǿ
Had occasion to eat here twice while on a business trip in Toronto. The menu had a wide selection of food and both entrees I got were very good. I had a cheeseburger with a side of veggies one day, and the chicken parmigiana the next. The service was competent on both visits, although they forgot an appetizer on the first visit. No big deal, it happens. The interior is nice and has several levels, and there is an outdoor terrace as well. I enjoyed both visits and would recommend this restaurant to others.Ǿ
Went here awhile ago with 30 people, we had a blast; we didnt order food but we did order a lot of beer an shots to the point I myself couldnt walk; we had a lot of people on the secound floor but had to transfer to the bottem floor to get the booze flowing an the party going. Will come back for the food dine later in the future but a great place to have a blast with a large group of friendsǾ
This place has the best rooftop patio around. Great service, great food, great drinks. In the summer the patio has these mist machines to keep you cool, and they provide sunscreen on every table.Ǿ
New location and new menu items!! really liked the fajitas, they were delicious, and nice cold beer...so good. Staff were super friendly and reliable. Atmosphere is fun and lively. Would definitely go back.Ǿ
Terrible slow service, not what I have gotten used to at other locations.Ǿ
Was here for lunch on may 30th 2016 at 1145am. We sat in the patio.  The atmosphere was nice. Husband order the burger and I order the tuna avocado sandwich.  We also ordered calamari.  My sandwich was OK.  His burger looked fine until he opened it up to add in some ketchup.  For a $15 burger you would think they would use fresher lettuce.  As u can see from the picture it didn't look too appetizing.  We won't be returning here again.Ǿ
This is a massive three level restaurant and bar. The third level is a rooftop patio, which is hands down the best patio of any kind in the area. I think this particular location will serve as the Jack Astor's flagship location and perhaps used to improve the reputation of the franchise. The modern black brick exterior makes the building very attractive. The interior is equally interesting with it's modern industrial and open concept design. All three levels have TVs or projectors and there's no seat in the house without a half decent view of one.  

The California Chicken Salad was a miss. The chicken was moist and tasty but the rest of it was uninteresting and absolutely not worth $15 in terms of taste, quality or portion. The fried chicken in the Chicken Parmigiana was very good. The batter was nice and crispy and too greasy. This plate also comes with some bow-tie pasta topped with a delicious cheese sauce. Their Grilled Top Sirloin Steak Fajitas are pretty standard much like the ones you get at Lone Star. Steak and grilled peppers  and onions served in a greasy hot plate accompanied by warm tortillas and various dips. The steak was cooked perfectly and wasn't dry like you would get at some other places. 

The service is good thanks to an abundance of wait staff on the floor. Sometimes they serve in packs and you can't survey the room without making eye contact with at least one at any given time. There's still a few glitches with the service but that's normal since they opened less than two weeks ago. 


Food 3.5/5
Ambience 4/5
Service 3.5/5Ǿ
Went to this location for the first time with some new friends on a Friday night so we could check out the rooftop patio. We obviously picked the wrong day to go, because it got a bit chilly as the evening wore on. 

Service was very poor, although our server was so nice and friendly. I think he just forgot about us. A lot. There was a mix-up with my meal, and it took a while to correct because he did not come check on us after our food was brought out (by others). Everyone was halfway through their meal before I managed to flag him down. Once I got what I'd asked for, it was quite good. I would've liked another drink, too, but he was nowhere to be found. Some of the girls at the table asked for water, which he also completely zoned out on. 

Could've been a much better experience if our server was on the ball. We likely would've had more to eat and drink, but decided to go somewhere else due to such slow service. I'd probably go back, though, as the food was pretty good.Ǿ
My favorite Jack Astor's location anywhere. The place is brand new. Very cool looking with multiple floors and the most amazing patio on the rooftop that I have seen in Toronto (including the Patios around Yorkville area). Very friendly staff, and decent food. If you are looking for a great bar, casual dining, in a cool atomosphere check out this new Jack Astor's.Ǿ
The atmosphere is great (especially for sports fans) but the food is awful.  Sure with a chain like this expectations are low, but Jack Astor's lowers the bar further.  The salad made everyone at my table feel sick.  The staff, while mostly friendly, do not seem to care about cleanliness.  

Recommended for people: watching a beer with friends

Avoid: any food that can get you sick if not prepared properly

P.S. staff on the patio are MUCH less friendly.  They are often rude and snobby.  Someone needs to tell them it's a chain restaurant, not a Manhattan night club.Ǿ
Ok - for the food at Jack Astors is good but it is not 4 stars by my rating scale!  What gets this location to 4 stars overall is the roof top patio!

Today I took two of my men tees for lunch and we grabbed a beer under the sun! Being 4 or 5 stories above Yonge street was great and this patio is huge! I have been here a few times in the past year and on a Thursday or Friday late afternoon or evening, this patio is a great stop if you are in the north end of the city before you head back downtown for the evening!Ǿ
This place is garbage. Trying to pay the bill and it is taking forever. Brutal. I will never come back here again.  The whole trying to pay the bill issue is retarded. Don't go here. Go to another Jack AstorsǾ
Jack Astors is a cool bar and grill in Toronto. If I had to compare Jack Astors to something in America I would say it was a TGI Friday's on crack. The drinks are absolutely amazing the customer service was excellent. I love the atmosphere and the roof top is amazing. Originally we went on a Tuesday night it was super chill not too busy we went back on Friday night it was super busy. Jack Astors seems like it's a pretty cool place and it's quite popular. 

If you ever decide to go and you like Sangria you want to get the big sangria with red wine it's amazing and looks beautiful the Tiki drinks are also good and sweet I tried the bikini tiki drink jacked up with a extra shot. The food here is very creative but not the best bar food I have ever had that's why I'm not giving them a five stay rating. All in all I recommend them to anyone especially this specific location. This waitress name Alicia helped me and was very nice and friend. When I return to Toronto I would definitely return.Ǿ
Maybe its because they just opened. But the service was top notch! Food was fresh and delicious. Special shoutout to Sunny who over heard it was my birthday and got me a little dessert treat