Very good food. 
I wish the beer selection was a little better. 
We have been here 2 times and were very happy with each visit.
Looking forward to going back.笑
Too expensive for what it is....but then it's on the mt so they bump prices up for the tourists. The fries are incredibly salty almost inedible.  Good for tourists not locals笑
We had a group of 7 and came in a little later than normal. They were happy to accommodate. The place is cozy with lit fireplaces. Good menu and a great selection of all kinds of drinks.

Take some time and read the food and drink menus. I love it. A little snarky, a little humor, and great descriptions of each and every item.

We had a wide array of food at the table and everyone seemed content with their orders. I got the lobster mac and cheese and it was just what I needed. Creamy and tasty, topped with crispy and seasoned. Mmmmm.

I also had a drink. The "Madison Square Garden". I was a little disappointed in this at first because it says it has all kinds of sweet liqueurs- but tasted like a glass of straight bourbon. The sweetness was actually hiding under the ice ball and came thru at the end of the drink. As a bartender, I know this drink could have been made better- but overall it was tasty.

I'd like to go back in the summer and sit on the deck. It was COLD that night!笑
I cannot complain about the sister restaurant of the Harris Grill.  I mean, who does not love Frozen Mimosas and Frozen Cosmos?  They also have  a pretty good brunch too.  Oh, and who can forget bacon night (although I wish the bar area was bigger as the seats get taken fast!).  

They have an extensive drink menu and their menu has something for everyone in my opinion.  Some of it is done much better than others though.  The service here has been consistent for the most part so I cannot complain there.  

I love the outdoor deck area when the weather is cooperating with us too.  And A+ for some off street parking (although it fills up fast).笑
Went for Brunch. The omelette station person was fantastic. Good biscuits and everything else. My reason for 4/5 is they had no breakfast meats for people that don't eat pork. If they had turkey sausage, or Turkey bacon I would've given a 5/5.笑
Hands down, top 5 of my favorite Restaurants in existence. Every inch of this place is done right from the food to the bar to the decor to the staff to the little hidden gems you find along the way (such as the relentless branding of "Tuesday is Bacon night" that appears on everything from the silverware bands to the faux Guernica painting in the dining room). I used to use the Shiloh exclusively as my "Firs Date Spot" because the dimly lit ambiance sets a really nice mood for a personal conversation, and if the conversation ever ends than you can simply spend the next hour reading the food or drink menu and laughing about all the awesome/ witty captions that go along with each item. Now adays I stop in anytime I get the chance. They rotate some really awesome craft brews and they change up their drink menu seasonally. The spinach dip is a great starter and my personal favorite item on the menu is the Lobster Mac 'n' Cheese. But, the thing that has always impressed me most about The Shiloh is the Staff. Every question I have ever asked any Bartender, Server or Hostess about any food or drink has been answered with a solid response, showing total mastery of the menu and a real knowledge and love for what they are selling.

If you have never been to the Shiloh, go there now.笑
Amazing grill to eat at! Their menu full of sarcastically to explains their amazing foods! I ordered a steak sandwich, it is a dead for! The sauce, bread and meat is amazing. They also have great options on beers wine and cocktails. Definitely will go back there when I could. 

The enjoyment is amazing. I loves the porch, nice view of the wall arts, restaurant across the streets, and people walking around. 

A min walk from the best view of Pittsburgh!笑
Didn't even get a chance to try the food! The hostess (Blue hair, nose ring) made it very clear she wasn't happy about seating us outside on the patio. She informed us that our server does not come equipped with an umbrella so if it rained we'd be SOL.  Apparently the hostess does come equipped with a snotty attitude.  Spent my money next door...笑
I love Shiloh Grill. Shiloh and Harris Grill serve up the same foods, just in different locations. The location of Shiloh Grill is in Mount Washington, which really is great if you are going to explore the Mt. Washington lookouts and sights! The outside of the building looks cool with two sets of stairs on the left and right of building ascending to the entrance. This restaurant doesn't have as cool as a vibe as the Harris Grill does, in my opinion, but then again, I was seated close to the entree way on the first floor, maybe there is more to this building?! I was seated on a tall bar stool by the window, which allowed us room to sit and relax. The food was amazing. I ordered the turkey burger, which I love to get each time I come here! The service was great too! I enjoy the atmosphere of Harris Grill a little more, but the food the same and the Shiloh Grill is still a great restaurant!笑
Wanted to make a reservation for 14 people on a Thursday night. Called on Wednesday and they wanted my credit card so they could charge me $10 a person if we didn't show. My response, "That's fine. But if I need to cancel in the morning, I won't be charged, right?" Nope, they'll charge me. Awful.笑
I live close to the Shiloh and I think I will become more of a fan as they work out some of the kinks.  So far the food has been enjoyable (buffalo chicken dip?  yes, please) as well as the atmosphere.  Having gone to their sister restaurant in Shadyside, I was really happy to see the Shiloh open again.  

My only complaint is one which will be ironed out in time: the wait staff is still trying to adjust.  For example, the waitress we had when we ate there took quite some time to come back to us to refill beers and waters.  It wasn't busy so I was a little upset about that.  When I went for drinks one night, they only had one bartender and a barback that was not old enough to back-up the bartender when they got busy.笑
I came out here on a business trip from AZ. This is a great place, the staff was awesome, the food was prepared and brought out with perfection. As soon as I walked in the door I could tell this was a local family hang out. I seen a mix of all ages here.笑
Visited here on my first day in Pittsburgh for a boozy lunch. Service was excellent. Food was ok. Drinks were ok. Patio is awesome but atmosphere inside seems dark and less fun. No music on the patio felt weird, but I understand they have restrictions from the neighborhood. Favorite part of this place was the cool things on their doors to open them so you don't have to touch the handles!! Server was super fun and we spent a lot of time there but i found their cocktails to be cheap and too fake tasting. And not a great wine list. My burger sounded awesome but it was just okay and made me feel gross later in the day and my friend had the same situation.笑
Best perogies in Pittsburgh! and who could hate the free bacon on Tuesdays?  Beyond the great food super cool wording in the menu, the staff is amazing and very friendly.笑
As with Harris Grill, Shiloh is certainly an above average bar/restaurant. All the food iv tried has been solid, nice patio outside, limited yet quality beer selections, and it's only a half block away from the spectacular view on Grandview. The best thing about both Harris and Shiloh is that they are on Groupon from time to time and i make sure i take advantage of that!笑
I was here a while ago, but I wanted to post a review because I still remember my experience. The food was really good, and the staff was amazing. My father drove us in one of his "garage" cars the kind that he doesn't drive too often, and everyone wanted to take a picture of it and it made for a good night. We were sat by the kitchen, but it wasn't noisy or disruptive. The only issue I had; it was a bit dark. I also took a tour by myself of the upstairs to go to the bathroom and it has that quaint old house feel (because it is one). The bathroom door had a really cool foot opener too so I didn't have to use my clean hands to open the door. Apparently, the place is supposed to be haunted so that also added to the allure.笑
We were very excited to eat here but we were disappointed by our visit. I ordered the Mac & Cheese with crab & lobster. It was okay but not worth the $20 price tag. My husband had the Jamaican tacos. He thought they were ok but actually liked my dish better. Our server was nice but not around much. He brought my husband a beer but no glass. The coke he had was flat. We were literally underwhelmed. We'll be heading somewhere else for dessert.笑
The perfect neighborhood spot for a meal or just a drink. Great menu, atmosphere and drink selection. The deck outside is perfect in the summer. Oh, and Wine Wednesdays are always a good time.笑
Great atmosphere, fantastic food, friendly waiter, is recommended SOOO highly and free parking笑
Wasn't sure exactly where this place was initially, but let me tell you it's worth finding! The lobster and crab mac n cheese is absolutely amazing. The portions are generous and they aren't shy with the crab and lobster chunks. It's enough for 2 to share, one of of the best dishes I have ever had, EVER.  It's a very short walk to a beautiful area overlooking the city, I imagine it would be amazing at sunset! The grapefruit beer (Stiegl Radler Grapefruit) is phenomenal, and it's only %2.5! If in Pittsburgh this place is an absolute must. I live in San Antonio, TX and I'm already contemplating making another trip to Pittsburgh in the near future just for the Lobster and Crab Mac n Cheese! I'm so not kidding! This place was literally the highlight of our trip!笑
Food was good....potato/bacon hush puppies appetizer was good.....service friendly but slow笑
As a Mount Wash native for 5+ years, Shiloh was my go to spot. I only remembered to check-in via Yelp twice but I can assure you, I have been to Shiloh hundreds of times. 

The great: Brunch, brunch and more brunch'n! AYCE buffet that includes an omelet bar, skillet potatoes with onions, scrambled eggs, sausage links, BACON, biscuits with spicy sausage gravy, waffles, cereal, muffins, two types of salads that vary depending on the Sunday you go, lunch type food that also varies but usually includes broccoli, their famous mac & cheese, jerk chicken, chili and a full spread of smoked salmon, capers, lettuce, tomato, onion, regular and dill cream cheese and bagels. Super NOMS! The brunch price of $17 also includes a boozy beverage! Frozen mimosa, greyhound, bloody mary or screwdriver. The frozen mimosa and bloody mary are my favorites.

Also great- Totchos on their regular menu. Imagine nachos....over fresh tots instead of corn chips. YES, they exist. 

The good- The staff!! In my 5+ years of going to Shiloh, I have only had poor service once or twice. The bartender turnover isn't as quick as servers so they get to know their regulars and that makes for excellent service. Their regular menu that includes items that rotate or are added seasonally is a treat. My favorite- The roasted vegetable salad or just as a side. I don't know what Shiloh adds to this delectable dish but even the strongest of carnivores will fall deeply in love with these veggies. The drink menu is also on par with the food. Seasonal drinks and refreshing cocktails. Both menus are extremely well written. Sit back and enjoy them like a good, hilarious novel before placing your order. You won't regret it. 

Also good- Happy Hour (get a frozen cosmo) and nightly specials. Tuesday is bacon night. Free baskets of bacon at the bar after 7pm. Enough said.

Just okay- hard cider selection. If nothing is on tap, Shiloh only has Strongbow in a bottle. Weak :( I also wish their Spring hours started earlier. They are only open for lunch during the Spring and summer.

Bad- Nothing, nada, loss for words. You get the idea. Head over to Shiloh for HH, dinner, BRUNCH, or late night. It will not disappoint!笑
Excellent pub food and the staff has a great attitude; very friendly and helpful. Had burger, gazpacho, Mac and cheese, wings, sparkling wine and beers. Was a great lunch and the small deck is great.笑
Would definitely go back!  Three of us ate, each of us had a few cocktails and our bill was $91....very reasonable!!!  Amazing Mac n' cheese.  Great atmosphere and service from Myles.笑
Well, this place has pros and cons. A lot of the "pros" have been discussed - nice patio, personable staff, decent food. But I think the cons outweigh them:

It took over an hour before our food came out. Two of us ordered apps (as our meal), one salad, one burger. One of the apps (hummus) was sold out. Okay, order something else - spinach dip. That came out twenty minutes later. Yet everything else came out a good 45 minutes after that. Very strange.

The burger was ordered medium rare. It was delivered medium well, at best.  When the diner who ordered the burger told the server it was overcooked and no, he didn't really want a replacement because he didn't want to wait for it, the manager came out. His "sorry for the sucking" was amusing, and much appreciated.

The spinach dip was way too garlicky, and I don't think I've ever thought ANYTHING was too garlicky. Fried cheese (Arsenal curds, woot!) were delicious, and the Popeye-something salad looked pretty good, too.

I think if Shiloh Grill focused less on being witty and more on service and quality, they could be awesome. But, well, they're not.笑
Shiloh Grill, one of the heart restaurants on Mount Washington, they have a patio and indoor seating for your desired heart and depending on weather. I personally have been there several times. Their menu is creative and very much annoyingly descriptive, but that is Shiloh Grill. Their hummus is chunky but damn good, turkey burger, is not your ordinary turkey burger, but its still a turkey burger. (DAMN GOOD). Pulled Pork, OMFG!!! This is the thing to order, their Gay Al's Barbecue Sauce needs to be marketed, for sale in a huge gigantic bottle for my household. And that saying that I have created my own recipe of BBQ Sauce, but i'd still buy theirs. Jamaican Tacos, or Jamaican my boyfriend crazy, that Jamaican Jerk rub they have is off the chains. They have a steak sandwich, that will hit your potbelly and make you feel all yummy inside. 
But for this experience tonight, was something else. And doesn't deserve an A+ that they usually do. 
I seem to have a problem with servers disappearing, not that they need to be up my you know what all dinner long, but a little reassurance that you want our paid bill and not for us to dip out would be nice. So they have new additions like a pork shank with polenta. that I really wanted to try. but it was under the "appetizer" section that I got a little nervous wondering how small were they for my "entree" meal. So we ordered pierogies, and they are awesome but my first bite was a bit** slap of salt with the onions. Getting through that was easy since they must of dumped all the salt on that poor spot. However later to discover was a hair, a small black curly hair? Turn your taste buds off yet? LOL we ate them anyways, they weren't touching any so whatever.I  ordered their bacon cheeseburger, which on Tuesdays they have Bacon Night. Hello to all my vegetarians that get a veggie burger loaded with bacon. Yeah I know a few! My boo-man ordered the short rib tacos, to then discover that they had no sauce and came with a salad. He was not planning on being healthy that night. And do NOT deserve to be priced at 15$. All in All we will return. it must have been an odd night for Shiloh on the mountain.笑
First, I need to say that we didn't have a meal here.  After viewing photos and reading reviews we thought it would be a cool place to have a drink after dinner elsewhere.  Its a smallish place with a great drink menu.  The drinks arrived and were every bit as good looking as we anticipated.  However, upon consuming them - we tried 5 different ones, they were exceedingly average.  Perhaps the food is much better and this rating is unfair, but it really is more of a bar with food than a restaurant with a bar.  On the hipster scale, its probably 5 stars.  If your definition of a good drink is one that looks good and has alcohol, you'll like it here.  But if you want a drink that tastes as good as it looks, this isn't the right place for you.笑
I went last night for Wine night.  Love that any wine is $5 as I love wine.  I loved our Jerk tacos as I love the caribbean flavor.

I wasn't impressed with the buffalo chicken dip we ordered as an appetizer.  Not much chicken and too much blue cheese.  Our server was also nice, but I would have drank more wine if she came back more often.  Either way since I live on the mount I recommend this place笑
The worst thing about this restaurant is I don't live near it. My bf and I were visiting pittsburgh for the weekend and by suggestion of friends, we had to take the incline up to visit mount Washington. It was a cold night, so we stopped into Shiloh grill to warm up. It was crowded, but the great hostess found a small table in the bar area. It was crowded there (we got a lot of butts in our faces), but we had a wonderful waitress who was super attentive and friendly. When I saw Mac and cheese on the menu, I knew it was the place for me. And then I found out it was customizable I fell in love. I'm a vegetarian, and our waitress told us she'd ask the chef to throw in some yummy veggies, and top it with blue cheese. We also ordered pierogis, which were good, but I wanted to lick the Mac and cheese bowl, it was that good! I've been dreaming about it since. My warm cider drink also did a great job of warming me up. Eat here and order Mac and cheese- you won't be sorry. But I'll be jealous.笑
The Shiloh is exactly where you want to be after being in the snow preparing for a friend's 'biggest moment of his life.' After a memorable morning on Mount Washington's beautiful overlooks we shivered our way into the Shiloh for celebratory brunch.

Instantly, we were welcomed into a happy place filled with warmth, rich food, and great service. The fireplace was a necessity because we were frozen and I was glad to have a seat next to it. A round of mimosas came for us to toast to and while I am normally a welcoming fan to mimosas this one was a bit different. The juice was extremely tart, too tart for me. It left me with the post-teeth-brushing-teeth-and-then-drinking-OJ feeling.They normally don't have mimosa's on Saturdays so I can't complain (Thanks Shiloh!) but later a glass of champagne/sparking wine was perfect.

Food! Food! Food! One thing, even if you have an idea of what you want (burger, salad, sandwich, etc) READ THE MENU. Hilarity. 

I opted for the arugula steak and blue cheese salad with a side of their popular mac and cheese. (yes, get the mac and cheese. Its creamy, and corkscrewy, and tasty.) I sampled the buffalo chicken dip and spinach dip that my friends ordered. Buffalo chicken dip was tasty but got salty with more and more tastes. Spinach dip was delicious and had a great amount of garlic in it. Definitely an indulgence worth repeating. I wish I had more than a salad but I just couldn't stomach it. Reviews for burgers tell me that they will be my go-to next time. The experience was great. The atmosphere was casual and definitely a place I can see myself revisiting!笑
First off, I didn't even want to give this place a "star" but it made me give at least 1.
I went here over the weekend and when I walked in there were open tables in the downstairs dining area. But where did I get sent to eat? Upstairs, all alone with no one else. Why? Because I have visible tattoos, and who I believe is the head manager, I guess he did not want those "types of patrons" at this what-so-called "eatery" that discriminates against those with a few tattoos. Which is funny, because as soon as I got upstairs I headed back down to leave this place and as I looked over to the bar I saw the bartender with a couple of tattoos as well. You only let your bartender show visible ink, yet your patrons are not allowed? So your patrons who have them cant be seated with everyone else in this place, you have them sent upstairs? There were about 5 empty tables and no one waiting in line, there was no reason why I was not allowed to eat in the same room as everyone else. As I walked out of the place, the head manager and the hostess were laughing at me as I was walking out the door. Thank you for treating the people who come to your place like this. It's very respectful of you.笑
i don't give out 5 stars very often, but Shiloh grill and our waiter earned it without a doubt.

Our waiter knew every single item on the menu and every single beer they offered.  He knew what the ingredients were and what the beer styles were and made great recommendations.  Our food portions were impressive and everything tasted great.  We did have to wait a bit for our table but it was worth the wait.笑
We had tasty appetizers - Polish Church Basement Pierogies, Britney Spears (chicken) and Sriracha Deviled Eggs.  The chipotle sauce and a basil pesto were very tasty on the Britney Spears; the chicken was moist and flavorful.  I adore Sriracha and have consumed the sauce en masse since childhood, therefore iIt is likely that I am used to super spicy food and found the Sriracha Deviled Eggs tasty but not *spicy.*  A wonderful surprise was the Polish Church Basement Pierogies - our 3yo daughter loved them as much as we did!  Perfect taste and perfect consistency.  The Polish Church Basement Pierogies pairs very well with Flying Dog Gonzo Imperial Porter.  If a porter isn't in your taste profile, there is a large selection of beer and drinks where anyone can find something great.  I love that Flying Dog Gonzo Imperial Porter is available; this is one of the first porters I learned about, I adore dark beers and I appreciate the connection to Hunter S. Thompson!

That aside, the food:  YES!  The food was scrumptious.  The kids had hamburgers that were actually cooked to medium and not cauterized.  I opted for a vegetarian selection: The Garden Weasel.  This sandwich is a grilled zucchini and a portobello cap paired with roasted red peppers, tomatoes, onion, fresh mozzarella cheese, and basil pesto mayonnaise.  (I held off on the cheese.)  What a fabulous array of flavors!  I would love to go back and try their Jamaican chicken (which will be interesting since I've been a month in Jamaica) and their crab cakes (the ultimate test: my east coast palate).  If any place is up for a test, this one is!  I look forward to making this a usual stop whenever we're in the Mt. Washington area.  

Lastly, our table opted in for the basket of bacon.  OMG!  Bacon is a religion at this place, and my kids are pious followers of all things swine.  (As if we weren't already sold!)  It is also fun to read the touristy "haunted restaurant" history of the Shiloh Grill.  Fun factoids and very Americana.笑
If you're looking for a restaurant with a witty atmosphere and creative menu, Shiloh's Grill is the place to go. The food and alcohol are phenomenal. The wait staff is well trained and very considerate. S/o to Mr. Miller's son for being the highlight of Shiloh's Grill.笑
I would say Shiloh Grill is your run of the mill American bar/grill. Came here for dinner on a Sunday night and everything about it was just about average for me. I do, however, hear that they have an amazing brunch. 

So Shiloh Grill is known for their mac and cheese, but I didn't really want something so heavy as my main entree. It doesn't come with any sides so I opted for something a little less rich: the chicken quesadilla. Meh. It didn't blow me away; the spices used to flavor the chicken almost didn't make sense for a quesadilla. It tasted like it was flavored with just oregano or thyme? I don't know what it was but I didn't favor it. 

I will say that our waitress was great. She was so patient with me and my friend as it took us forever to decide. She was also incredibly helpful with describing the menu. 

Will I come here again? Probably, to try out the brunch.笑
My boyfriend and I were in Mt. Washington on a Tuesday night and decided to try the Shiloh Grill.  We ordered the big gay al's strawberry chipotle bbq wings as an appetizer and we loved them!  In addition, the waitress told us it was $1 bacon night...I went back and forth between a four or five star rating but then I added in the factor of $1 bacon baskets, and I determined that it was worthy of the 5 stars.  We also loved the decor and how cozy it felt!笑
Our group had a great experience at Shiloh Grill; they made room for all 16 of us on very short notice and our server, Jonathan, was fantastic. The menu is vast and entertaining, and everything we ordered was great -- especially the mac & cheese with lobster and the short rib tacos. Good tap list & seasonal cocktails and reasonable prices.

This was a great dinner destination after riding the incline and sightseeing on Mt. Washington. We will be back next time we're in Pittsburgh!笑
Sunday was my first experience at Shiloh Grill. My friend is from the mount and a few of us got together for brunch. It was marathon weekend so we tried to avoid driving around to celebrate sundayfunday.

Their brunch is pretty awesome. Its a buffet, but an adorable one. It had different stations: Yogurt area (yogurt, fruit, granola),  a Hot Food spot (eggs, sausage, bacon, biscuits/gravy) Waffles/Pancakes (+ fruit & toppings), A lunch section (mac&cheese, jerk chicken, a little salad bar)  plus a toast & bagel bar which had tasty chive cream cheese and salmon. Most importantly, they had an employee ready to make you a personalized omelet. We arrived a little later for brunch (maybe 130) The staff was still on top of the buffet. 

We decided to sit outside. For brunch, you can help yourself. We waited awhile for a server for drinks, then decided to head to buffet. We waited a little while for service even after eating. Luckily a manager noticed and took our drink order. My friends ordered a bloody mary and i ordered their frozen mimosa. Because of the wait, we were comp'd our meal. I'm only including this because that was super nice of the manager... he didnt have to do all of that. We were very thankful for his kindness.

We enjoyed our Sunday sitting outside and stuffing ourselves full of carbs and yogurt. I'm so excited to come back and try their dinner.笑
Absolutely love this place. Took the incline up and the small town of Shiloh was not far away. Found this gem on Yelp and spent most of the afternoon at the bar. Had a great beer selection and also had a decent wine selection which not all bars deliver on. And on selection I'm not talking 5 star wines I'm talking wines I haven't tried that made me want more (I keep it classy I know). Lacee was the bartender and she kept us laughing she was awesome. We met a cool dude in there as well, just seemed like a very chill place overall. We were eating later so only had the wings. I will say they were some of the best I've had. Crispy and the sauce was . Definitely a place to check out. Has some nice vegetarian options and outdoor seating, as well as an event space upstairs.笑
Shiloh Grill = Harris Grill. Same decor, same hipster wait staff, same menu. That being said, the food is just as good and I was happy with the service. I brought friends here so they could see the view from Mt. Washington, and they were very pleased with the food. I would think that the patio would be what would really sell this when it's not as cold out. Overall, this is where I would be going if I lived on the Mt.笑
Excellent neighborhood place, great food, very reasonably priced. I will go vack again and again.笑
Went for Sunday brunch. The food was sub-par. Good, but it's breakfast food, so hard to screw up. The service was outstanding. It was a slow morning, so we were able to get to the buffet with no problem. I had one of the made to order omelets, very good. Instead of waiting for it, they brought it down to us. Not sure if this is a usual practice, but it was appreciated. The bagel/croissant was dry. The bacon (from the looks of it), not super crispy. Although I don't eat meat, I have yet to know a person who doesn't like crispy bacon. Potatoes were really good- very impressed with use of the red pepper in them. (So underused an under appreciated by most restaurants). I would go back!笑
I last went to the Shiloh 5 years ago when it was known as the Shiloh Inn, so I assumed it was the same restaurant, but the Shiloh Grille is a much better experience. Gone was the uptightness and in its place was a friendly, neighborhood restaurant. The downstairs is folksy and welcoming, and the upstairs has an elegant dining room. The menu is fun and will keep you busy- every menu item has a whimsical name and description. 

I came here on a Sunday for the brunch buffet, and it was awesome. The chef at the omelet station made one of the fluffiest ad best-tasting omelets I've had in Pittsburgh. There was think link sausage, thick bacon. eggs, potatoes, fruit, french toast with accompanying raspberry reduction, and more. I was surprised by the cheesy grits (on a buffet!), and biscuits and sausage gravy, which had sage and other seasonings that made it very flavorful. The best part was that it cost $14 and came with an alcoholic beverage- I had a mimosa, but they also had a bloody mary, greyhound, or a screwdriver. If you're looking for a delicious brunch for a good price, make sure you try the Shiloh Grille.笑
While visiting the area for a graduation, we rode the incline to Mt. Washington.  Charming ride, charming signs led us to this gem.  We were quickly seated at an outdoor table (our request).  Hands down, this place has the BEST menu - you have to go just to read it.  Miles provided fabulous, engaging and welcoming service.  He clearly loves his town and his job - we felt like staying forever.  The food is good and the drinks delicious.笑
Great gluten free meal! Portobello burger with gluten free bun and pesto spiral cut pasta. Awesome!笑
CM and I had dinner at the Shiloh Grill on the 4th of July after we found that another local restaurant (that shall remain unnamed) that took our reservation was closed for the holiday.  Given that I had a City Dining Card for Shiloh, after confirming that they were open, we headed over to grab a table.  Although all of the tables on the porch were occupied, several tables inside were available, so we were able to be seated right away.

Despite being seated right away, nobody came to take our drink orders until almost 10 min. later, after I made eye contact with a manager.  The waitress who took our drink orders offered the excuse that our waiter had to cover some tables both upstairs and downstairs, which is why he hadn't stopped by yet.  After 5 more minutes, he finally showed up with drinks redundant with the ones that'd already been delivered by someone else.  At that point, we were ready to order, so he took our food order.  Thankfully, the food came out reasonably quickly after that, but we weren't super pleased with the service, given the initial snafu.

Because we visited on the 4th of July, there was a special limited menu, but I was pleased to see that the prices appeared to be unchanged from the norm.  First, CM and I ordered a large mac and cheese to share ($12), which was brought out prior to the entrees per our request.  Despite looking rather dry on the top, the mac and cheese didn't disappoint, and was up to the standards of the mac and cheese we'd received from the Harris Grill in Shadyside.  For my entree, I ordered the Henny Penny spicy chicken sandwich ($9.99), and CM ordered the 4th of July blue plate special ($7.76), which came with two hot dogs, tater tots, and a slice of watermelon, and also got chili sauce on the hot dogs (+ $1).  The sauce on the Henny Penny sandwich was spicier than I expected, but placing the vegetables served on the plate on it helped dampen the heat a bit.  To be honest, the sandwich wasn't my favorite, but I know it's a popular menu item here, so if you enjoy really spicy food, you may like it more than I did.  CM's hot dogs were pretty standard, but the chili was a nice touch, dressing them up a bit.  Our respective sides were mediocre, being of the previously frozen variety, and my fries were disconcertingly limp.  CM also tried to take advantage of the Yelp check in offer of a free bowl of chili (worth $3.75), but after ordering it, we found out that we couldn't combine it with the City Dining Card discount (according to the fine print, this is the case--however, at least one other restaurant has let us double dip on discounts, so YMMV, I guess).

While I felt that the price: food ratio was decent here (total check: $24 after discount), unlike our last experience at Harris Grill, I also felt that our meal here was pretty forgettable, aside from the lackluster service.  (Our waiter even forget the doggie bag we requested for our leftovers.)  Everything about Shiloh Grill, from the menu to the setting to the service, was almost identical to its sister restaurant, the Harris Grill, so your opinion about Harris will transfer to Shiloh pretty well, and vice versa.  As such, my rating would be a by-the-book 3.5 stars (reflecting the PGH citywide average), but the inept service we received merits a decrease to 3.0.笑
All this time and I haven't written a review for Shiloh? What's wrong with me??? Better late than never, I suppose. I visited SG with a group of out-of-towners on Sunday for brunch. I don't even know where to start. It didn't hurt that we were literally the first people in line, but talk about FRESH. I ate way too much, but thoroughly enjoyed everything, including: sausage gravy & biscuits; pulled/jerk chicken on top of mac n cheese, pancakes with the best berry compote EVER, bagels & lox, a custom omelette - okay, I'm going to stop there since I've already embarrassed myself. My point is, it is a ROBUST brunch and great for kiddos too. They charge $1 per each year of the child's age, so it's a good value as well. Most importantly, every adult buffet ($18.01/each) comes with a free cocktail (5 stars for their frozen cosmos), so drink (and eat) up, Yelpers!笑
We stopped here for dinner and the weather had the patio closed which was a bummer.  The bar is great and the food was good. Everyone enjoyed their meal and had a great time.  I would recommend this place after checking out the view stations.笑
Shiloh grill was pretty good. The waiter was friendly, but the service itself was very slow. We ordered beers and cocktails, but it seemed to take ages for the waiter to bring them to us and the restaurant wasn't full. They had a decent beer selection, but no beer specials for football Sunday. I was a bit disappointed because the beers were a bit on the pricey side. 

As for the food, I ordered a medium cheese burger with bacon. It was cooked well and not burned. It came with steak fries that came out hot, but they were unfortunately not crispy. I also got the free bowl of chili. The chili was awesome! I definitely recommend taking advantage of the Yelp offer for a free bowl. The waiter told us it recently won second place in a chili contest!笑
Stopped here after I rode the incline up and don't regret it! Great staff, they are super friendly. Jesse is a great waiter! I got an app and a couple "mofojitos" that were delicious and strong at the same time! Good thing I'm riding the incline back down! Perfect outside deck for the summer.

Food was tasty too. The inside was nice, but I didn't check it out too much since the weather was beautiful.笑
Very impressed. Stumbled upon this at happy hour for 1/2 priced beers, fabulous pirogies, a free bowl of chili (when does that happen?) and baskets of bacon! The food, service and prices were so great we "ordered" the last item on the menu which was the option to send a round of beers to the kitchen crew for $10 - they completely deserved it!笑
Looking for a spot to eat while in Pittsburgh, with specifically mac n cheese and came across this place...

I can say the service was GREAT the entire time! Drinks were refilled promptly , dishes removed, and we were checked on multiple times.

When it came to the food, to me it was nothing really special. I had gotten the half-baked Italian sandwich with a side of mac n cheese. The sandiwch itself was not bad, the Tuscan aioli did give it some good flavor. However, when it came to the mac n cheese I can say I am glad I only got the side...it was just on the plain side, with very runny cheese and was just not for me (which I was pretty disappointed in). We had also got the Hush Piggies which were nice and crispy, but once again the taste was just not for me.笑
4 people were all very happy.  Lots of mixed drinks, good food, mac and cheese is amazing, and a reasonable selection of various micro beer choices.笑
Great new find. Came because of a groupon. Good service. Distinct menu. Tator tots. What more can you ask. Close to scenic overlook to Pitt as well. We'll be coming back笑
My only ok experience may have been my fault. I think I set the expectations so high because of my restaurant-love with Harris Grill. 

The service was a little slow, but friendly. We went ahead and skipped food since it was eerily quiet in here, and really wanted to be around more people watching opportunities. 

I popped in expecting greatness. It wasn't terrible, but you know, I think I'll keep Harris Grill as my regular haunt over this place. Just because.笑
This establishment was recommend by our Airbnb hostess, on a trip to Pittsburgh. We took the Incline up Mount Washington, to see the view of the city.

It was a bit of a hike from the station (up and down hills-streets), but we worked up an appetite on the way. The Shiloh Street area was cute and inviting. We arrived on a beautiful evening, and most of the seating on the patio was occupied,  The hostess offered us seating outside, with a bit of a wait, so we chose indoor. The atmosphere was casual and  nice.
Hannah was our server, She did a great job. We decided, after looking around at other customers entrees, to order the signature, Mac and Cheese side, and the Stacked Eggplant entree,

The Eggplant came with a lovely salad, that we split. The Stacked Eggplant was delightful, a bit of crunch,  was different and delicious.  The side of Mac and Cheese did not disappoint. Was glad we ordered a side, as a full order, with the Eggplant would have been way too much food,

My only disappointment was that it was a Monday, and the service was super slow due to a couple of unexpected big parties. Hannah and the Manager were quick to  make things right for us, So I have no complaints.

I will definitely return here again, when I return to the area in the Falll.笑
in my honest opinion the food was not good at all. I had the Jamaican tacos it's just tastes terrible to me, maybe it's because I've been exposed to REAL tacos and this is just not it. BUT to the average joe it might be good. it's up to you..笑
We started with the calamari (YUM) and 2 wings.  The dried bacon dust were IT!!  
 My boys (16 and 25yr ) were thrilled with the crazy options with the BOWLS. One had Mac and Cheese with bacon and tator tots, the other had Mac and Cheese with Buff chic dip on top. Yes, I thought that was a balanced meal.  All of it was GONE. One said it's better than MORTON's.  
Everything was awesome.  Service was great!!  
6 adult drinks, 3 apps, and 5 meals= $160
Would go back again anytime.
Tuesday is BACON night
Wed is Winey Wed.笑
Happy hour here is awesome! Half off draft beer and they have a pretty nice selection.   I got the delmonico gogo.   It was freaking awesome!


Wife got spuds with carnitas.   Equally awesome.  Our server was a cool dude.   This place has a bigham tavern kind of feel.   Just good people working living and eating.   Love the burgh笑
This was a great place!  I enjoyed the bacon cheeseburger with a DELICIOUS side of creamy Mac and cheese. My husband had some awesome short rib tacos, and they even had a children's menu that made the little ones happy. Our waiter was excellent - funny, polite and very helpful.笑
As a Mt Washington resident for 5 years (and Shiloh Street for 3 years!), I feel that it is my duty to review this local institution.
Pun-laden menu offerings and rich, indulgent foods are the highlights at the Harris Grill's mountain-top cousin. Bacon Night is Tuesday, and there are Brady Bunch Brunch options on Saturday.
My favorite menu item for the last 5 years is the Garden Weasel: Grilled Zucchini, Portabella cap, Roasted Red Peppers and more on a Brioche bun. Get Tots as a side, you won't regret it!
Their seasonal drinks are marvelous. Also it must be said, the multiple hard lemonade options are delightful, if not a tad too sweet.

Conclusion: Try them out on your next trek up the mountain! Get patio seats if you can!笑
The bacon cheesburger was really good, and I don't normally go crazy over burgers. The pierogis were well done also. I just wasn't crazy about dessert (see Darren's review), the service, or the rude clientele.笑
Had the crab cakes with sides of quinoa and sautéed veggies.  The food is good ...... Our appetizers were the chimichurri wings and the calamari. Both were great! The best dish at our table was the Lobster Mac n cheese!! Definitely get it!笑
Shiloh Grill has to be my favorite Sunday brunch spot in the city of Pittsburgh.  All you can eat with a lot of different selections, you can't beat that!  You also get one free drink with your brunch.  Sort of place you could easily stay for a few hours on a Sunday morning.笑
Over an hour for a table, I'm ok with that, Im from NYC, but we ordered as soon as we sat down and still waited over an hour for food and the food was nothing special? Short rib tacos had no flavor other than spice. Grilled veggies tasted cold and 4 hours ago. The flour tortillas tasted like they were sitting out for a few. One of the people we sat with got a bowl in which 1/2 of what he wanted wasn't in it. Finally the other diner i was with got Mac and cheese which she liked, most likely from starvation, but never got her soup that she ordered.
Overall, a major disappointment and with so many great restaurants in this city, not worth your time.笑
Another place my dad and I hit while staying in Pittsburgh in May of 2012.  Came here on recommendation of a couple people who worked at the Sheraton Station where my dad and I were staying.  

Everyone we talked to at the hotel about this place recommended the Delmonico steak sandwich.  They all said basically the same thing.  "It's what a Philly cheese steak  aspires to be".   I'm not sure if this is just a Pittsburgh v Philly rivalry thing.  None the less, it was a good sandwich.

I also had the Gazpacho soup.  That was just what the doctor ordered.  

We sat out on the patio on a warm sunny evening and enjoyed a beer and sandwich.  

As with every place I went in Pittsburgh, the people were awesome.笑
I've been to Shiloh Grill quite a few times and so far I have never had a bad experience. To start it's a relatively small restaurant just off of Grandview. They have their own parking lot so if you're worried about parking they have you covered (not sure how big the lot is). 

I almost always get a mac and cheese when I come here. Last night I got the steak mac and cheese. It did not let me down. It's a fairly large bowl with their homemade mac and cheese and a piece of marinated steak on top. There was plenty of cheese sauce and the steak was grilled perfectly. The marinade was a little bit on the sweet side but was still very good. My girlfriend got one of their build your own bowls and of course I tried it. The seasoning they use in it is what makes the bowl stand out. 

This is definitely one of my favorite places to eat in the city. If you get a chance to go you probably should. Oh and whenever you finish their bowl of mac and cheese they tend to congratulate you which makes everything even better.笑
Synopsis:  amateur rude bartender, long wait times for everything & nasty manager... Don't go here if you want anything besides a warm beer笑
Really good food and excellent service.  Downstairs is loud, but if you are looking for a quiet conversation, try upstairs.  I'm not a fan of fried food, but the cheese balls are fun to try and the cheese is wonderful.笑
Have been here a few times, mostly because I live on Mount Washington.  It has a pretty good beer selection and fine food.  The menu is hilarious, make sure you read carefully!  They do have a nice porch if you catch a nice night.
Also, saw an ad for "All you can eat bacon night." Haven't tried it yet, but my fiance is really wanting to give that a go.笑
Came here on a Sunday for brunch with some of my girlfriends. We ended up getting seating in the lounge since the wait for a table for our party would have been a lot longer. The room had a bunch of couches and a TV so it was a nice and relaxing atmosphere. The service was great! 

The brunch buffet had really good options (e.g. eggs, bacon, sausage, eggs benny, biscuits and gravy, mac and cheese, fruit, etc.) I wish i had the opportunity to check out the omelette station however every time I went up to the buffet, my plate was always filled with other food options.

I would definitely recommend! Next time i am back in Pittsburgh i would definitely like to return.笑
I live in the triangle of downtown Pgh-and I have no bias.  This is truly a buyer beware. Turkey bowl was a dried out (not recoverable hash) that made me regret trust.  Good god it was horrendous.  This was not a bowl, it was maybe the worst hash ever.  The pierogis were severely dry and oversold.
I am a Pgh native that has travelled internationally for over a decade.  My judgement is passed on Pgh standards.   


I'm responding to Rodney from Shiloh.  Good thing you think you're above Pittsburgh. Someone that truly believed in their business would be accountable and address the issues.  I appreciate sarcasm, but not when your livelihood (and more importantly the livelihood of your employees) is dependent on it.笑
I loved this place and the Mac & Cheese is amazing. I got the seafood Mac & Cheese the last two times because it is amazing. Very cheesy and very filling.笑
Went here on a trip to Pittsburgh and was looking for something close to our AirBnB rental.
Have to say this is the BEST food we have had while in PA!
Had to go back a second time try their other dishes.
First trip I had a cheeseburger with Mac n cheese as a side, husband had something with pirogies, cheese, all I remember is that it has basically had everything in it. (Said it had the best pirogies he's ever had). Son had the langoustine Mac n cheese (said it was the best he's ever had)
We were all very happy with our meals and went back a second time.
Had the braised short rib quesadilla, sooo much meat in it! Filled me up after only 3 pieces. Husband had the cheeseburger and actually said 'wow', he's never impressed with cheeseburgers as they tend to be average almost everywhere.
Definitely recommend eating here if you want food that actually has flavor, is unique and not for the general masses.
The food was so good that we bought a round for the kitchen each time we were there (for $9.99 you can add this to your tab and they'll give the cooks a round after work).
Also, service was amazing both times!笑
This place was recommended on our recent trip to Pittsburgh and it did not disappoint !! Mac and cheese was awesome, calamari appetizer was delicious. My husband had the pulled pork sandwich and the salads were awesome.  Staff were amazing, lovely intimate atmosphere,  great all around place, highly recommended !!笑
A coworker and I stumbled across this place on Yelp and decided to give it a try on a beautiful Saturday. The main reason being that we wanted to try these frozen mimosas. Sadly we learned upon arrival that frozen mimosas are only on Sunday's. They had frozen cosmos and it was too beautiful of a day to really let this ruin our brunch.

We both ordered the breakfast Mac n cheese which sounded oddly gross and delicious at the same time. It was excellent. My only real complaint is that the waitress asked each of us what we wanted as our side. We later asked why we were each charged $4-5 for our side and she said sides don't come with the meal. She should probably work on the way she's phrasing that question because I never would have ordered a side I just assumed, based on the way she phrased it, that it came with a side.笑
This is a place everyone should experience at least once. The menu itself is hilarious, with some great names for items and descriptions as well. The service I've received in both of my trips here was very good and also more helpful than you would find in most places as they actually took time to explain some menu questions instead of just giving the quick answer I've come to expect.

The best thing I've tried is Big Gay Al's strawberry chipotle BBQ wings. As a big fan of wings, different flavored wings, and chipotle flavor these were an excellent mix of some really interesting things. The sauce itself is so good that I would use it on other menu items and not just the wings.

They also love bacon there. The bacon night sounds amazing, though I'm usually in town only on weekends and haven't had a chance to try it. They also have bacon dry rub flavored wings that are worth trying for any bacon lover. 

If I was going to recommend a place to eat in Mount Washington it would be Shiloh Grill over the more expensive Monterey Bay Fish Grotto and LeMont, both of which I've experienced as well.笑
This restaurant has so much potential, but the night I was there it didn't impress me, or my party.

I was at the restaurant, upstairs, with about 13 people and it was a bad experience.

1. The food was not as nice as it was expected to be. It looked like something you could have made right at home.
2. There were gnats flying around everywhere
3. Several of our food orders got mixed up, and it took forever for us to get our food.

Now, I would understand if the place was packed, but we were the ONLY party at the restaurant at the time!

Sorry, Shiloh...I hope you improve and grow to your potential!笑
Just ate here for Mother's Day brunch. It was really good and everyone in the party loved it. Fruit was fresh, Mac and cheese was creamy, eggs Benedict, waffles, chicken parm, omelet bar, meat, breads, cupcakes and more. Didn't try the jerk chicken. Bloody Mary was pre made mix and had a lot of horseradish but the frozen mimosa was amazing! Would come here again! Used the no wait app for reservations to confirm.笑
Had some great food and drinks here. Our server, Brian aka "Darkness" (as our bill said)  was friendly, funny and just wonderful all around. Great service can really make or break your experience and he definitely made it. 

They have a nice sized outdoor seating area with umbrellas at each table. The food was good. A little pricey for small plates, but the wings and pierogies were both greatly enjoyed by my party.

This place has a great beer selection and I would definitely love to check it out during happy hour sometime.笑
I came here after checking out a house in the area.  It was before dinner so it wasn't busy and it was super nice out. 

I had the build your own bowl with quinoa, grilled chicken and kale slaw.  IT WAS SOOO GOOD!  They have a pretty good beer selection too.笑
Love the deck in the summer and I can't ever pass up the eggplant parm, yum!笑
Ugh. I've gone to Harris Grill and I remember really liking the lobster mac n' cheese. What I didn't remember was how obnoxious the menu is. I want to read what I'm eating, not an anecdote. The service was good and my mac was tasty but the steak sandwich I had was pretty disappointing. There just wasn't anything that stood out. When the Summit is right across the street, there isn't too much of a reason to eat at Shiloh.笑
Yummy!!!!!!!! The best, hands down, the best brunch ever!!!!!!! Even includes a free frozen mimosa with brunch! Delicious!!笑
This was the second time at this resturant. First time was for drinks on the deck., which I had to say was pretty spacious. This time we went with a party of 11 and they sat us within 10 minutes without a reservation. We had the Mac and cheese, which was very cheesy and the Jamaican Jerk chicken wings. They were juice and tasty. Just a short walk off of the incline.笑
Been awhile since I've lived and Pittsburgh and visited the Shiloh Inn now Shiloh Grill. Only thing that's the same is still haunted my Mrs Soffell. Great staff, atmosphere and pretty witty menu. Tomato soup was good. Great beer selection. Loved the winter white sangria!笑
Absolutely loved it! I came on a Tuesday night which was bacon night, so we could get a basket of bacon for $1. Can't go wrong there!

I ordered the Jamaican tacos for my dinner which came with roasted veggies and quinoa. It was delicious. I can't wait to go back!笑
Love this place. Great food. Great atmosphere. And our server Miles is who we always request,  is awesome. Knows the entire menu in detail and always gives the best recommendations. Also knows his beers. Gives detailed descriptions and is always spot on. So if you go here, ask to be in his section. Enjoy!!笑
I've eaten at Shiloh Grill twice, once in September of '15 and twice just last Saturday. The first time, I was a fan of the traditional American grease-grill options. The second, I was impressed with their healthier dish options. 

As I'm currently dealing with some dietary restrictions, the "Build-a-Bowl(Bear) Workshop" allowed me to craft something delicious, and accommodating. The waitstaff was more than willing to help me get the information I needed to make my experience comfortable and delicious. I'll be returning to Shiloh grill in the future!

Also, the sarcastic/sardonic/meme-aware menu is hilarious... Look out for the 6-plus-figure charge on eggs, it's devilish.笑
My friend and I decided to try Shiloh Grill over the weekend. We arrived right when they opened around 11:30 because we wanted to sit outside and outdoor seating did seem to fill up fast. The location is perfect since its within walking distance of the overlook and the incline. 

We went with intentions of getting frozen mimosas, only to find out they are only available on Sunday's during brunch. You can still order a regular mimosa, frozen cosmopolitan or Bloody Mary. After looking over the menu I was slightly overwhelmed with having to read so much into each menu item. I can't remember the name of the meal I got, but I can tell you it was very tasty. It was Mac and cheese with sausage, bacon and an egg on top. I ended up taking half of my meal home because they give you a lot of food. 

A little tip...a side does NOT come with your meal if you ordered off the Brady brunch menu. We were asked what we wanted our sides to be and we assumed it came with our meal only to find out when our bill arrived it was not included. This is by far one of my biggest pet peeves and it seems to happen often at restaurants these days. 

I would like to go back on a Sunday to try their brunch buffet.笑
Shiloh Grill is set at a great location, right off of Grandview. The food is pretty good nothing spectacular, but I can't say I've had a bad meal here. Also the service is always good. The cocktail prices are a little steep. I ordered a muddled watermelon drink with cilantro and tequila. The drink was mostly ice and cost $11. But lesson learned with that one. They have a decent beer list so next time I'm sticking to beer!笑
I had no idea that this was a sister restaurant to Harris Grill until I stepped inside. It is a refreshing change from the rest of Mount Washington, in that you know you will be treated well no matter what you are wearing. While I definitely enjoy a nice meal and am willing to pay the price for it, I feel like many (but not all) of the places on Mount Washington charge for the view, rather than the food. Shiloh is a relatively inexpensive option, with very friendly staff and a great drink menu. The venue is also nice, and if you do want to see that view that people pay money for at other restaurants, I recommend walking along Grandview. The view is better on foot than from any restaurant anyways!笑
The white winter sangria was amazing and strong like I needed. And Jamaican jerk tacos were to die for and the roasted veggies and quinoa with it was great! Wanna take some more home!笑
Always a pleasant experience. Wait staff is attentive, efficient and genuinely kind. The atmosphere whether inside or on the patio is relaxing. Drinks/cocktails are well made and tasty. I'm consistently happy with the menu choices of fun, comfort food. Every selection I've had was delicious.笑
Shiloh Grill is a typical neighborhood bar with slightly above average food and experience. I enjoyed my first visit. It was mostly the people I met that kept me there longer than I would have otherwise. I went there because I was told the view of the city is good. There is no view of the city from its location, which disappointed me; however, misinformation isnt to discredit the establishment. The patrons (mostly btwn 25-40) were friendly and shared meaningful conversations.  The menu has a pleasant twist to the oldtime favorites offered at different places, although a few items infrequently offered, which I appreciated. The pumpkin sangria was surprisingly tasty, the steak sandwich has a nice spicey pop to it, the mac and cheese creamy (velveeta?), and the wait staff are quick to serve with knowledge about the menu. This was a great place, I am just unable to rate any tavern higher due to 'that' type of environment.笑
Took an hour for the first drinks to show up... then 4 hrs for the entire dinner.  . No management contact no "sorry" ... $146 (without tip and yes i still left a tip) for my gf and I but nothing to make up for it ... unreal! ....***within an hour after leaving I received an email with a heartfelt apology.  Today (6/1) we recieved a very generous gift card in the mail. Thank you for making things right, we'll check you all out again.笑
Very very disappointed in this place, where do I begin. The service was terrible. We waited and waited to get our food and when we did it was cold. The ribs were like rubber. The server forgot our Mac & cheese order. And had an attitude about putting the order in and was annoyed when we complained about the cold food. I was surprised that this place was just that bad. I try and find something positive when reviewing but I'm at a loss for words in the positive area  . The flavor was good but that's about it. Thumbs down.笑
I'm still on a Journey to find the Ultimate Wing - there are a lot of places that make Wings but few that have mastered the Art / you have to have homemade Ranch and Blue cheese dressing and a unique Sauce. So I arrived just prior to the Dinner Crowd and was seated quickly - I asked for a house salad with cheese (Cheddar) but it came without - I choose the homemade Bleu Cheese which taste to me like a commercial dressing with added extra Bleu Cheese, it was too think for the amount that was given for this size of salad - I ordered wings and it was suppose to be a garlic base sauce that should give a lot of flavor! I asked for both Ranch and Bleu Cheese for the wings and like the Bleu Cheese with the salad it was too thick to really enjoy with the wings, The Ranch which was fair didn't really excite me but it wasn't bad and better than any commercial brand. The Establishment inside was very nice and the staff was also but the food wasn't unique - Maybe Wings isn't their Thing and to be fair I need to revisit for a burger.笑
Wonderful meal!  Wonderful staff!  Miles was our sever and he was very nice and funny, too!  They were super accommodating about our car seat and stroller (they stored it for us and then brought it back after our meal!)  The draft selection was great and their food was yummy!!!  We got the trailer tots to start and then I got a salad to balance out the tots... :)  I think the salad was called the Spin Spin Salad (goat cheese, cranberries, beets, spinach, yummy!!)  Thanks for a great meal and wonderful service!!笑
1st- menu is eclectic and spansive. 
2nd- great service 
3rd- location in heart if Pittsburgh and great sights to behold ;)
4th - this is an excellent find. 
5th- my 5 stars is for a lunch. My libations were well done as my food. This is what we call a win-win.笑
Haley and Samantha are awesome. I could not have been treated better and I had an awesome experience. Oh and by the way, the food was amazing.笑
When I heard this place had a Backn night I was sold! Then I got there, the location is fabulous. I love that they have an outdoor section for the Warner months. The bacon was cooked perfectly and my girlfriends and I ordered and shared a few apps as well. Everything was fantastic! I also was impressed with the beer selection including seasonal varieties. Our waitress was friendly, cute and timely. I will definitely be back and recommend this to others. Maybe even take out of town friends when they come to visit.笑
Growing up, we all had our favorite toy, our favorite comfort food, our blanket we slept with to keep us safe when mom or dad turned the lights off at night. This is my go to restaurant and bar. My 200th review as well. 

Cheers was 90's TV show about a bar where everybody knew your name. The Shiloh grill is that bar on Mount Washington. Walk in the greeter knows you, the bartender knows you and so does the kitchen staff, bar back and waiter or waitress. The bar is small (half point deduction) and if you can find a seat you'll get meet some nice bartenders and barbacks who seem to not be able to do enough to make your visit perfect. The seemingly endless drink menu is loaded with unique drinks. I love the blueberry basil lemonade, lemon vodka, home made sours mix, then the bartender crushes fresh basil and blueberries into the glass and pours the vodka and sours over that. Great drink to enjoy on the patio which overlooks Shiloh Street. Great wine selection (Wednesday is Wine Wednesday, glasses of wine 6 Bucks all day) and a rather impressive selection of bottled and tapped micro brews. Being an IPA fan, I'm giddy with excitement when I walk in to see what new IPAs I can enjoy with their great food! 

Which brings me to the menu! This is one entertaining menu, seriously you'll giggle at the way each menu item is described. The hummus is off the charts delicious. Creamy and chunky at the same time. Flavored perfectly and served with fresh veggies and warm pita. The Alexander the Greek salad is a lettuce free salad of quinoa, tomato, onion, cucumber, olives and feta cheese, it's a refreshing, light meal, also served with warm pita. The menu is loaded with pub and comfort foods like Mac and Cheese, burgers, steaks , sandwiches and pastas. For dessert you gotta try the homemade chocolate chip cookie baked and served in a cast iron skillet, served with vanilla bean ice cream! Yeah, I know, your mouth is watering. 

I love this place if you can find a parking spot (this is where they lose another half star) because their lot is small. If you live on the Mount, walking to the Shiloh might be your best bet.笑
came here for a wedding rehearsal party. had a "light fare" but everything was great from the atmosphere to the food. the wings were garlic-y, spicy & delicious. friends staff too.笑
Come here for happy hour relatively frequently. Great place to come for an after work beer and an appetizer.  I've never had bad service and the draft list is always good and stays fresh. The appetizers are also good and reasonably priced.笑
My fiancée and myself frequent this restaurant due to the location convenience.

I am a fan of the thanking giving in blawnox. She likes the chimichurri flury.

The patio setting is nice for the beautiful summer days. The inside is very cool and I recommend exploring around.笑
Food was horrible. Fries were spicy, everything was made spicy. It seems they make it extra spicy to hide the other bad flavor, even after I was assured that it would not be spicy. Who makes spicy chicken nuggets for kids, but one of the kids in the group got chicken nuggets, asked them to make sure it's not spicy and they said it isn't, but it was, they couldn't eat that, and I couldn't eat my grilled chicken sandwich. The décor is dark, probably so you can't see the bad food. Couldn't wait to leave, definitely not recommending this place.笑
Let's start from when we went into the restaurant.  A drunk man was bring picked up off the floor so we  waited for him to be carried out before being seated . Then the hostess with a hook / ring in her nose sat us at a very small table so we asked for a larger one and she rolls her eyes at us. After sitting at the table for 15 minutes with very loud music playing we decided to ask to be seated outside  so that we won't have to yell at each other .  The hook nose hostess was upset and refused to let us seat wehete we wanted yo even tho it was raining outsude. Food was great and our waiter was good which gets the 2 stars. NOT Sure If We WILL COME BACK笑
Bring back the football! Why do places feel the need to rewrite the wheel? It was perfect the way it was! To dry with all the bread I g and no sauce to absorb it. Miles is an excellent server though. If I can't come back for my all time favorite dish as it was I will come back due to him.笑
This place is great for Sunday brunch buffet, which is $18 and includes a drink. The food is fresh and tasty, and offered until 2pm. A cook prepares made-to-order omelettes and there's a nice variety of breakfast and lunch food. This place is known for their bacon, and the buffet offers unlimited bacon!笑
Food is great !!!! Best Mac & cheese of Pittsburgh. The waiter was great and very nice. I recommend the chimichurri wings extra crispy.笑
The Shiloh Grill us the sister restaurant of the Harris Grill in Shadyside. My group arrived in time for the "Brady brunch" which is what they call it. Yes they have brunch from 11:30-2 on Saturdays.

There is a check in freebie of a bowl of chili which I gave to my son. It was very hot and spicy but he loved it. We all decided to forgo the brunch and try build a bowl instead. This is where you will start with a starch listed, add a protein such as chicken, steak, or portobello mushrooms to name a few and then top it off with whatever you want. I opted for the quinoa, topped it with both grilled chicken and portobello mushrooms and took roasted vegetables for my topping. It was indeed very good! My son had a different type of bowl and he thoroughly enjoyed it. My daughter settled for a burger with fries. We liked how they imprinted the bun with their trademark.

They are known for the mac and cheese but none of us could eat that much so we decided to forgo it. The Grill has it's own small lot to park in and is located in Mt. Washington very close to the Grandview bakery.

They have a separate bar area as well and a comprehensive menu.Outdoor seating is available as well. Will definitely return on a future visit.笑
Not bad... if you're a fan of the Harris Grill, you'll probably like this. I had the bean cakes appetizer which was decent but not incredible, and the fish tacos. The fish tacos were, Pittsburgh style, which means that they came in a flour tortilla, but the sauce was decent and the grilled fish was tasty. The side dish of green beans was unfortunately drenched in butter.

Nice decor, decent beer on tap, but slightly noisy inside.笑
hush piggies are amazing and Mac and cheese is top 2 I ever had and I have had a lot of Mac and cheese across the nation very good food and staff was very friendly and professional. can not go wrong笑
everything we have eaten has been delicious. everything. have not had a bad meal and have been at least 10 times this past month. yum!笑
I came into Pittsburgh last Monday to see my girlfriend and meet her family for the first time. I had never been to the city and enjoyed it very much. Prior to meeting up with her and her parents (for the very first time), I stopped into this unique establishment for a beer to calm my nerves, as well as a quick bite to eat to hold me over till dinner in a few hours. 

I was waited on by one of the best bartenders I have had in recent history. His name was Keller. He wore a Pirates cap, which worried me at first (I don't know why). He was very friendly but not in a fake way. He knew what to say and when to say it. We talked here and there as I enjoyed my beer (Bells Oberon - Delicious!) and my Hushpiggies (also incredible). Talking to Keller and the general positive vibe of the staff really made things easier for the rest of the night. A bad bartender (trust me when I say there are more than enough of those in NYC) could have easily sent my nerves in the wrong direction. It just goes to show what can happen when someone who cares about their job and is good at it takes care of you.

I hope to visit again when I return to the Burgh. (Hooray for my first yelp review!)笑
Wanting to explore Mt. Washington our final day before leaving Pittsburgh, we decided it would be best to get our last meal there. 

The views were great, but now we needed a place to eat. Shiloh was hands down the place to place. A brunch buffet, that comes with a drink, and plenty of seating. It was a no brainer. 

We got there and indulged ourselves with tons of food. They had various options. From basic breakfast items, to things I never even thought of combining before. 

I would say if you're looking to do a boozey brunch, drink first because it was hard to get a buzz with this much unlimited grub. They have one of my favorite new beers, Victory Golden Monkey. 

Great brunch location up in Mt. Washington.笑
Best Happy Hour on Mt Washington! $5 Apps (Try the Britney Spears) and $3.50 Frozen Cosmos which are super good. Also Tuesday is Bacon Night. $1 Bacon Baskets!笑
Ohhhh those frozen Cosmo's! They pack a punch and by punch I mean you could really drink a couple and be faced down somewhere you don't remember being! SO GOOD! I was safe and stuck with one and a half (the half being my friends unfinished slightly melted one.) But I digress! 

I am SO excited that this place is "back." It was formerly known as the Shiloh Inn and was closed for a couple months and taken over by the owners of the Harris Grill. It saddened me when the Shiloh Inn closed down because although I love me some Redbeards, this was the only place to have a nice sit down dinner on this side of the mount. 

Before, it kinda felt like a creepy old mansion rather than a hip restaurant. They've transformed it into a quaint and cozy little place! There was a warm !fireplace and it just felt very inviting inside, rather than the creepy before! I can't wait until they open up the deck outside because it's huge and a great place to sit and people watch in the summer! 

I was REALLY trying to be good and get a salad (even though it had french fries and a bucket o' ranch on it) but I thought I would be doing myself a disservice, being that it was my "first time" there. I caved and found the most delish sounding eggplant noodleless lasagna. Since I am a proud Italian, I HAVE to have my Italian dishes a certain way. That means lots of sauce and LOTS of cheese! This came out perfectly! I only wish I could make eggplant this well at home (hence going elsewhere to get it!) It was many many thin layers of breaded eggplant with lots of sauce and spinach in between. The spinach factor, in my mind, evened out the mounds of mozzarella cheese loaded on top. The dish was huge and I'm not ashamed to say I...ATE IT ALL! 

I'm so glad this place is here in my neighborhood! I hope that it's successful enough to stay around for a long time! I know I'll be back, especially in the summer when I can sit on the porch with a dozen frozen cosmo's surrounding me!笑
What's not to love about weekly bacon nights and frozen cosmos for happy hour? While I feel the same way about Harris Grill, I  think Shiloh has the edge due to the coziness of the atmosphere. I try to go during the week for happy hour to avoid the crowds. I also think the clientele, while still awesomely diverse, is less frat-party focused, which I find to be a cool change of pace. Food is decent too.笑
I am a big fan of Mt Washington especially this area! 

I have been to Harris Grill before and had a so-so experience but decided to give Shiloh a try because my dad had a Groupon. 

Our server so comically bad but still managed to be charming in a stoner (why did I date this type of guy in high school) kinda way.  He didn't really know anything about the menu but was very honest about his ignorance. 

I was starving so I got a their veggie chili to hold me off until I demolish their turkey burger.  Unfortunately all of our courses came out at once. 

PRO: Awesome location, interesting menu (but it tries really hard to be funny), Outdoor seating, Solid turkey burger, Hearty Veggie Chili, free parking 

CON: Completely out of it server, all of our courses came out at once, surprisingly pricey for causal dining, 

OVERALL: Food is good but kinda pricey. Service is lacking. Might check out the bar situation next time (their happy hour specials looked promising)笑
My boyfriend and I have been here twice. We loved it both times! The chicken tenders appetizer wasn't worth the money, but the delicious mac'n'cheese made up for that disappointment! 

He had the seafood mac'n'cheese both times and I was jealous BOTH times. The first time I had it with the flank steak--I liked that a lot! The second time I got the hamburger helper and was not as pleased. It was okay, but I should've gone with the seafood or made my own. 

I can't wait to return and try all their other food, although I'll probably end up getting mac'n'cheese again because it's amazing!笑
A great choice but we should have heeded the advice of the waiter. The bacon burger was delicious and the Mac and cheese was as great as touted. The pork burger was good overall but it lacked a nuance flavors. The advice that we should have heeded was to avoid the French fries. Just stick to their specifically touted items and you'll have a good experience.笑
Stopped here to get lunch after taking in the beautiful sights of downtown Pitt. What a good choice it was! I had the grilled/marinated chicken skewers, affectionately called the "Britney Spears" & my boyfriend had the lobster Mac n' Cheese. Both were delicious, and came out really quickly. Also, after 5, drinks & appetizers are half off! Totally recommend this place. Two thumbs up!笑
The "Jamaican Tacos Tonight" are to die for! I can't speak for anything else, because that's all I ate, but I haven't stopped thinking about the dish since sharing it with my sister back in October. 

Bathrooms are upstairs, which is a pain to climb especially after you just stuffed your face with tacos, and 2 beers. Consider yourself warned.笑
Went to Shiloh Grill yesterday - hostess (who turned out to be our waitress) met us at the door, she was welcoming and very attentive the whole time - Kudos to Kadejrah!!! Our drinks and meals were perfect -- I had the Henny Penny -- Yummy, Yummy and hubby had the chop chop salad. Will absolutely go back --- and hope we have Kadejrah be our waitress again!笑
Shiloh Grill was so good we climbed Mt. Washington twice to eat dinner there... OK we took the Incline, but trust me it is worth the trip!

First of all, if you've never been to Mt. Washington, it has what many consider, the "best view in America". Absolutely gorgeous views of Pittsburgh! Shiloh Grill is closest to the Mon Incline and it's very easy to access by car too. Parking is easy to find in the lot by the Incline, and Shiloh Grill has a small parking lot as well.

We came on our first night in Pittsburgh and loved the eclectic menu, very cool atmosphere and the friendly service. I had the fish tacos which were incredibly good. Perfectly balanced with some kick, paired with a delicious quinoa salad, and roasted veggies that were to die for! My daughter had the Britney Spears chicken which she loved, and my son enjoyed his burger. The hubby opted for Pierogies and wings, and everything was delicious!

Next day we were still talking about Shiloh Grill and decided to head back for more. This time my Husband had the fish tacos, which he called the best tacos he'd ever had, and I had the Jamaican tacos which were fantastic! The kids had a pita pizza and the Delmonico steak sandwich. They both loved it!!

Both nights food was fantastic, service was great, and we left wanting more. This is a place we will come back to any time we are in Pittsburgh. Lots of great menu items and consistently great food笑
best freaking restaurant and bar. all the food is amazing. all the drinks are amazing. all the staff are amazing. very knowledgeable too.笑
Stopped in for lunch and a couple beers this past Saturday. The food was great; that mac and cheese is life changing. Good beer selection. Friendly staff. I'd go back.笑
Very nice brunch. Living up here it's nice to not have to go far for it. 18 bucks with a large selection and one drink. Frozen mimosa was amazing. Oh and they have their amazing Mac and cheese for bunch lol. With topping. Pretty sweet笑
Ate here last Sat with my fiancé. After reading all the reviews of the more popular places to eat up on Mt Washington and how negative they were we decided to wing it without making a reservation and eat at a place on Shiloh St. So glad we stopped here. The drinks and appetizer were great. I had Flo's Lemonade and Don had a fruity libation that was so tasty we could have had just drinks and nothing else. The cheese and meat plate went well with the drinks. We ordered the jerk chicken over rice and black beans with pineapple salsa on top. It was the best meal that we have had up there in a long time. Met one of the owners and he was very nice. Great food, good  atmosphere and good prices. We will be back soon.笑
Wonderful brunch today!! The personnel - person who answered the phone, host, server, everyone - was welcoming, positive, personable and timely. The ambiance is neighborhood friendly. The buffet selections are extensive. We enjoyed several options including the hot bar, the yogurt bar and the bagel area. Definitely worth several return visits!笑
I recently met some friends on a Sunday for brunch and Shiloh Grill was our destination.  We didn't get there until after noon but the place was surprisingly empty.  None of us had been there before so we weren't sure what to expect.

I was not ready for my mind to be blown.  Their $14 brunch includes both an alcoholic and a non-alcoholic beverage and unlimited access to an out of this world brunch spread that gets it's own room.  Sure, there were an omlette bar and your expected bagels...but smoked salmon?  Yes.  Biscuits and gravy?  Yes.  The most bacon and sausage I've seen in one place?  Yes.  Okay, fine, maybe all that doesn't impress you.  But a buffet that offers Eggs Benedict?  Seriously?  And a maple bacon cupcake for dessert?  This can't be real.  

Oh, but believe me friends, it is.  IT IS.  And if you don't believe me, I encourage you to try it for yourself.  You can't be disappointed.笑
Visiting Pittsburgh and had a uber driver recommend this place. Amazing Raise the Titanic burger: Angus beef with Brie and arugula. The pickles and veg were real-- not just from a jar. My friends all had variations on the famous Mac and cheese--something for everyone. They also report the libations are first rate. Everyone was super cool for us. Pro tip: walk there. No worry for parking and you get to work off some of that cheesy goodness.笑
The Shiloh really makes you feel like you are home. The food is really good, the beers are varied, tasty and refreshing and the drinks are very moderately priced. I am not from Pittsburgh but I go there often and I always make the Shiloh my first pit stop! 

Do it!笑
My fiancée and I were taking a day and we found this little place on Yelp. We were in the mood for something local and decided to give this place a shot. Everything was cooked perfectly. We were seated much sooner than expected. The only problem was there was too much food for us to eat and we couldn't take it home because it would go bad. We came a long way. 

Absolutely perfect.笑
Where am I - Harris Grill, no wait, Shiloh Grill!  I'm a huge fan of Harris Grill and was pleasantly pleased to visit it's fraternal twin on top of Mt. Washington.  

The feel is the same that I get at Harris Grill - casual, friendly, no BS - good drinks with good food.  I didn't have any of the food, but it smelled good, real good.  

For a drink I had the aqua velva which was gin based and had sprite and blue curacao giving it a bright blue hue.  Total fan - the taste wasn't overly sweet which you might initially think when taking a look at it.  But it was good - it was light and refreshing, but be forewarned it's powerful.  You can't really taste the alcohol which could be a good or bad thing depending on how you want your night to end.

I was playing it safe so I didn't even finish the whole thing.  I'd definitely check this place out again and try out the food.笑
When I first heard I was going to the Shiloh Grill, I had images of men led by Ulysses S. Grant with Grizzly Adams beards chomping into hardtack along the Tennessee River. Post visit, I can confidently report that the Shiloh Grill seems to be an easy going hangout where locals might go to enjoy friendly service and decent food. 

So leave your Enfields at camp. I'm sure even you will be welcome here.

The restaurant is only a short walk from the Monongahela incline, so it should be on the radar of tourists who are taking in the view of Pittsburgh from atop Mt. Washington. The menu is a cleverly written culinary compendium full of local references interspersed with lascivious overtones. 

But it's all in a SpongeBob SquarePants kind of way, so relax.  

The building is of the type that belongs among popular seaside destinations. Wood shingles, an upraised deck and an inviting bar were all reminiscent of time well spent on Cape Cod. And as a New Englander, it struck me as a tad out of place, but it still seems to work - unlike the fireplaces, which are totally for show.

There's supposedly an element of the supernatural entwined in the building's history, but I'll let the natives speak to the veracity of Pittsburgh's ghostly lore. 

My GF and I arrived at the Shiloh Grill about an hour before a family reunion of sorts. Like good bar flies, we spent the hour at the watering hole, chatting with our amiable bartender, who was not only a discerning beer enthusiast, but was also skilled in the fine art of mixology. 

We were seated upstairs as the appointed hour neared. And since we had spent our afternoon shopping, among the wares we brought into the restaurant were a few bottles of Bordeaux.

Well, maybe more than a few.

When we were seated, our waiter charged us a nominal cork fee, so we were able to enjoy our own vino and were not beholden to the limited wine menu. Now onto the food.

Did I eat healthy? Hardly. That's not possible in Pittsburgh.

My Salad de la Burgh came with fries and veritable mountains of shredded provolone and mozzarella cheeses. It also came with marinated chicken tenders, which were cooked just right and retained ample flavor. So overall, I was very satisfied. 

A great location, friendly staff and tasty food urge me to give the Shiloh Grill 5 stars, but the lack of a skyline view (come on, it's Mt. Washington!) and the sheer concentration of competitors offering comparable food in more scenic locales compel me to make deductions.笑
Nice outdoor seating, good drink collection, very good hummus, and a very funny menu. I have only had the hummus and a tasty wheat beer (Southampton Double White) for lunch so my experience with the menu is limited, but what I had was solid good. The hummus is recommended; comes with a mix of warm pita bread and crispy pita bread. The crispy pita is on the heavier side, fried, but is very tasty. Others in my party had various items, including cheesy balls and salads, and seemed satisfied.    

The service deserves far less than four stars. It took forever for them to take our orders at the beginning and then forever again to get our checks at the end. Granted, we were a party of ten or more but the restaurant was not crowded. I am still giving it four stars, though, as this might be an off day for our server. 

The outdoor porch on a summer day is excellent. Beautiful location to experience the Mount Washington neighborhood.笑
Our party of 4 adults and 2 pre-teens had a great time at Shiloh Grill. Although they normally don't take same day reservations, they made us feel special by reserving us a table. We tried perogies and 2 kinds of chicken wings for apps: delish, all!  Everyone enjoyed dinner as well, but the deserts were even better. The cookies and ice cream was warm and gooey and LOL the comfort food you'd want. The cheesecake was good, but not as outstanding as the C&C. They may be famous for Mac n Cheese, but I thought it was only "good", not to die for. The server was patient while we caught up with our friends, and so prompt once we made up our minds. Loved the free parking, and the view from the nearby overlook. I would definitely recommend Shiloh Grill for good food and good drinks  in a friendly atmosphere!笑
I went here with a few friends for my birthday. It was not busy at the bar, and we were ignored. The bartender seemed like he didn't even want to be there and when I asked him to add a little something in my drink to make it sweeter he rolled his eyes like it was a huge problem. Then we were going to sit on the patio and the twit hostess said we have your table ready and it was a table for only 4 we had 5. So we left and went to red beards. What a totally different atmosphere. We were greeted in a friendly manner and treated with respect the whole night. Sorry but I will never be back at the Shiloh grill! Worst treatment ever and it was my birthday!!!!! Boo笑
I live at the Grand Canyon,  come home to Pittsburgh a few times a year and do my best to eat out and about as much as possible! I just want to say, I've found where
to indulge in the BEST pierogies I've ever had, I mean THEE BEST! Great atmosphere and service as well! I've been in the restaurant business for 35 years or so and appreciate excellent food and service! CHEERS!笑
Great place! We went on Tuesday (bacon night) and had drinks and appetizers (with 3 kids). Good selection of beers, knowledgeable wait staff and the food was excellent! We loved the stuffed tater tots (can't remember the name for them on the menu). Tried the frozen Cosmo which was good too. Our favorite part was reading the menu.笑
Great tasting food, whether it's brunch or dinner. Big portions I've noticed on most of their meals, so you'll come away full.笑
You can't beat the atmosphere and the drinks, but I'm just not crazy about the food. I'll do happy hour because of the discounts, but I just really can't find any dishes that I feel are really worth paying for. The staff and atmosphere really make up for the food and that fact that it's a neighborhood joint keeps us coming back. They put so much effort into the menu and its creativity, but if they spent half of that time sprucing up the quality of the food, it would be a 5 star Yelp Review. We're Mt. Washingtonians, we want them to succeed, but the food is just currently "meh."笑
Now, I might be a little biased... having lived in Mt. Washington for so long I was at the Shiloh almost weekly. But with that, I can give a review encompassing all sorts of scenarios: dates, girls nights, holidays, room rentals, bar only, dining room, deck, weeknight, weekend, day drinking, night drinking etc.  

This place gets 5 stars for all of the above with the exception of the dining experience being a 4. And bar only on the weekend gets a 4 as well. 

The food is very good, I've tried so many things on the menu it's hard to recall them all! The reason it gets a 4 is because more often than not, something goes wrong with the food order. Whether it's blue cheese when I said to 86 it, or marinara sauce when I asked for cheese sauce.... thankfully the servers have always been more than gracious. 

The bar is not very big and sometimes it gets really crowded so it can be difficult to get a drink in a timely fashion. I 150% recommend trying the Happy Ending... it is the most delicious, refreshing, amazing drink I've ever ever had. 

I held my own birthday event in the upstairs banquet type room as well as attended a friends' birthday there. Scheduling was a breeze, the service was fantastic, and so was the experience. Intimate and welcoming. 

My favorite part of Shiloh has to be the deck! Be careful, because weekend days it tends to fill up quickly. But something about sitting out there in the sunshine just makes the whole experience ten times better. I've never been disappointed in the few dozen times I've been out there. And, you can bring your pup! Well, last I was there you could anyway...笑
Had the trash tachos --- Tator tots meets nachos.  Enormously fattening but they were really good!!笑
Decided to venture into a new Pittsburgh neighborhood on this lovely Sunday. Ended up in Mt. Washington, a great little hood and home of Shiloh Grill. Had a Po' boy crab sandwich that was delicious. Friendly staff and cool vibe in a cool neck of the woods.笑
Armed with a Groupon and already being a fan of the Harris Grill, a friend and I trekked up Mt Washington to visit the Shiloh Grill for the first time.

I was a little disappointed that the menu was almost exactly the same as the Harris Grill, but soon got over it as my generous serving of house sangria was delivered.  I started with a HG favorite bean soup served with crumbled bacon (this is a bisque and is very, very good).  Never have I ordered anything with complete caloric abandon, but was feeling needy and placed an order for Mac & Cheese with Lobster and Crab.  It was pretty fantastic.  Like... crazy end-of-days, make-your-jeans-hate-you fantastic.  I could not even eat half of it - because I knew I wanted the skillet chocolate chip cookie with ice cream.  Um, yes.  I ate it all. 
 
My friend started with the tomato soup and was surprised by the nicely spiced serving (I will definitely try it next time).  She then had the crab cakes, which she also liked very much.  

She agreed that the fresh cookie and ice cream was fab and we left feeling full and comforted.  Love their upstairs fireplace!

The service was definitely attentive and on top of everything, even though they were pretty busy.  Wouldn't hesitate to stop again.笑
If you're looking for a good burger you won't be disappointed.   I only had a bite of my friend's burger and I understood.   Good bun,  cooked right and they aren't shy with the cheese or bacon.  
I had the Jamaican Jerk tacos.  I loved it.  Just the right amount of heat and the portion was nice.  I eat tacos everywhere and some places skimp on the protein and full you with toppings.  Not the case here  The side of roasted veggies were great too.  
Service was good.   Not over the top but good.笑
The first thing struck me about Shiloh Grill was the menu. Not the options or the size of the menu but the names. They were creative thought out and made me chuckle. If you're on a first date, they would be great ice breaker or way to break the silence.

Service at Shiloh Grill was above average as well. You can tell they care about your dining experience. A great example was one of the servers holding the door open for my friend with a torn ACL when we were leaving. They had our money and could have cared less but went the extra mile which would make me come back.

You can get in & out of Shiloh Grill quickly if you want. Our food & drink orders were promptly taken and brought out to us. There weren't long waits and the restaurant was moderately full.

The food at Shiloh Grill is very good. It's not the greatest food I have ever had, but I would not hesitate to come back. The presentation could use some work. It was a clean plate but I'd like to see it more artfully presented. I would like to see a larger beer list. There was really only one beer to represent each style of brewing you could get.

The chili is spicy, maybe to point of lacking a lot of flavor, but thats what I crave. Too top it off, it was free when checking in. Score! Next time, I'd like to try the calamari as it sounded amazing. The fish tacos were slightly above average. It's nowhere as good as something you'd get in San Diego, but pretty damn good for Pittsburgh. 

The Cookies & Cream desert was not original. I actually had the same this in Jackson Hole this past week, but I loved the way it was described. I also like the whipped cream added and little bit of chocolate drizzle. That was a good touch!

All in all, I would recommend Shiloh Grill to someone looking for a quick but solid meal on Mount Washington. It is the best dining experience I've had on Shiloh Street.笑
I really enjoyed this experience. We were seated quickly with our reservation. Our initial reservation called for six adults, which was a nice round table. I love round tables, they give everyone an equal footing on which to discuss what they wish. So anyways, they were able to quickly transfer us to a longer rectangular table, when we switched to eight.

I got the pesto party dish? Is that even correct?? I added salmon though. It was awesome! The salmon was cooked perfectly, with a crispy exterior and fully cooked interior. The pesto wasn't strong at all (I actually love a overly strong pesto taste) and the peppers and such were great.

So my mother was with me on this visit, and she likes a bit of heat. She ended up ordering the Jamaican tacos. She gave me one, they were spicy, but awesome! I had to old a bit of something afterwards in my mouth to take the heat away, but they were great! 

The kitchen was fast and everything was great, including the music selection that was played throughout. I did notice a dominant male staff, which made me think about whether or not the owner was female or not...

Anyways, I enjoyed my experience here and recommend a visit to see if you like it or not. I'm sure I'll return sooner or later.笑
I was here around 2:30 on a Monday. There were only 4-5 people in the entire restaurant (one on the deck, the rest inside at the bar). My friend and I wanted to sit outside and had some work to do. We tried to sit at a larger table. I reiterate that there was one person on the deck. We were asked to sit at a two top because they needed to reserve the larger tables for large parties. If they had been busy, I get it. I wouldn't have questioned it. But you have to be kidding. No one came to the restaurant in the hour or so that we were there. Had a large party come, we would've been happy to move to accommodate. Restaurants really need to reconsider this type of policy. This is not the first time I've been told that I couldn't sit at a larger table "just in case."  At 2:30 on a Monday?! 

I won't be back. We did end up sitting at the larger table, but it was clear that we were an inconvenience. We just wanted a couple of glasses of wine while we worked on a project and caught up. We would've been easy guests who generally are quite generous with the tips. Not today.笑
If you are in Pittsburgh from out of town and thinking of trying this place my advice would be... run don't walk and have a seat in their welcoming dining room.  I LOVE this place and would not miss going here anytime I am in town.  I am a sucker for a good drink and their specials are amazing.  Last time I was here I had the pumpkin sangria.. Amazing.  The service is beyond good and the food.. best bacon cheeseburger and tots ever.  Enjoy and you can thank me later.笑
Nicest, friendliest place in the Pittsburgh area - and that's saying a lot because almost everyone I met while on a trip to Pittsburgh/Butler was friendly and helpful - to the extent of two different sets of people giving us directions by having us follow them to the location even though it wasn't where they were headed! One of those places was the Monongahela Incline, and boy did were drive around and around (lots of detour signs) before we got help from a friendly couple who had us follow them to a parking lot near the Incline. Got to the top of the Incline to Mt. Washington - beautiful view! It was an unseasonably warm October Sunday, and after walking to the different lookouts, we were hot and thirsty. There was only one place open at 3:00pm - Shiloh's! I was soooooo thirsty! I asked if I could order an iced tea in a to-go cup. The only thing they had was a kiddie cup, but, hey! I'm not picky! After they got it for me, they refused to take any payment! If we didn't have dinner reservations with friends later, we would have certainly dined here!笑
I took my friend there for Sunday brunch today, and it was one of the worst brunches I've ever had in Pittsburgh.  Very limited selection of foods and what was on the buffet was cold and unappetizing.  Very sad excuse for a buffet brunch.  The corn muffins were dry and crunchy.  The fresh fruit on the buffet consisted of sections of red grapefruit and oranges.  There were no fresh veggies, no multigrain anything, no pasta salads, nothing at all interesting or healthy.  And the decaf coffee was horrible -- burnt tasting.  The only redeeming things were the made-to-order omelet station and the alcoholic drink that was included in the $14.99 price.   I felt badly that this is where I celebrated my friend's birthday.笑
This place is in the Mt Washington neighborhood walking distance from some of the nice viewpoints.  Went there with some friends for brunch and I wasn't expecting a whole lot for $14 but the spread for that deal was amazing!  The unlimited buffet included an omelet station, a smoked salmon plate, eggs, meat, waffles, fruit, etc.  AND it came with a free drink (alcoholic or nonalcoholic) of your choice.  I had a bloody mary, which was made well.  The servers were also very attentive and the omelet chef was very friendly.  I want to go back for their happy hour special that includes a basket of bacon, which sounds amazing.  Atmosphere was also nice cozy and looks like the have an outdoor area that would be open when the weather is good.笑
Ate brunch with locals who told me this was the to-go brunch place. All you can eat brunch buffet, with an omelette bar, some lunch options such as mac-n-cheese, and an included drink: definitely worth it. I tried their frozen mimosa, which I had never had before, and loved it. Now I'm wondering why all the other brunch places I have ever gone to hasn't made frozen mimosas! If you are in town for brunch, definitely give this place a try! You won't need to eat for the rest of the day!笑
Came here for Sunday brunch and was not impressed.  The quality of food is not good.  Then factor in the $18 price point and it tastes even worse!  I have also come to this place for other meals / happy hours and have just generally left feeling like I overpaid for my experience.  If you are looking for a place that has a unique vibe, this will do the trick.  However, both on account of high prices and quality of food I would look elsewhere in the city笑
I can't even believe they call this food. I'd always heard good things about the Shiloh Grill and it usually is pretty good -- or at least it once was. Must've gone downhill recently, new management or chefs or something. The cook is clearly lazy because our food was disappointing. The bacon cheeseburger tasted stale and old, like it had been left out for 6 hours before it was served. A very small portion of fries was soggy, and when we asked the waiter if he would replace them he came back with a cup full of more soggy fries and just carelessly dumped them on our plate. The menu is too busy, a lot of useless blabber on it -- just get to the point, I shouldn't have to read a novel to understand what I'm eating. I used to go to this place years ago and remembered the food being great, but when I took my guy here tonight I was embarrassed by my suggestion. Never again!笑
I LOVE Shiloh Grill. How did I not know about it sooner?!? 

The pulled pork sandwich is my go-to. Kielrogieretzel sliders are amazing (my out of town visitors were dying over this creation and just couldn't get enough of this Pittsburgh-on-a-pretzel-bun). I can't wait to go back and try the frozen Cosmo I've heard so much about. 

Everyone who has waited on me here has been so awesome! It makes for a fun night out to eat. That and the hilarious menu. Read it all.笑
I go to Shilo frequently. I love the food & hanging out on the deck. The weekend brunch is so goood. Frozen Mimosas...and the best biscuits & gravy (like cheat day on the diet good). Friendly staff. 
I'd recommend parking in the lot a block beyond Shilo grill on Shilo street. Much easier & there's an app for it. ;)笑
Great food, great/fun service! Bring an appetite!  We were hungry after a long walk- this negated the issue. Our server was fun and the manager was accommodating. Highly recommend.笑
I'm pretty sure his name was Doug but amazing service from a bartender there... Great food, great beer, great recommendations on what try there and all around the city while I was visiting. I would definitely go back.笑
Good service, sat out on the patio on a beautiful Sunday afternoon. Great food and drinks. Got the "Happy Ending" cocktail and it was delicious. We will definitely be back.笑
Extremely rude hostess.  First was told wait would be "a little bit" then went to bar and got a drink. 40 minutes later, after we asked how much longer, they tried sitting us at a bar table that was open the entire time we were there! When I mentioned this, the hostess was extremely rude and said, "okay, byeeeeeeee." I was very excited to eat there but don't think I'll go back because of the extremely rude way I was treated.  Do not recommend this place笑
I have been to both Shiloh Grille and Harris Grille several times. While I cannot deny they have a fun and creative menu, and boy do those frozen cosmos get me in trouble, I have recently lost interest. The eggplant lasagna was my go-to meal, BUT they recently change the red sauce they are using and it is not worth it. 

Dear Shiloh and Harris, please let me know when/if you change it back and I will gladly come back! I miss the shorts walks for great food!笑
TL;DR: Food/waiter were splendid, but 3 and a half hour trip for a party of 8 ruined the experience.

(My first review, how did I do? Let me know!)

Hilarious menu descriptions, delectable food, fantastic waiting staff that are among the friendliest I've ever encountered. HOWEVER, these lovely and desirable traits cannot make up for the inconsiderate and seemingly unapologetic hostess and overall treatment that simply compounds with the unbelievable wait time that I experienced.

My party waited outside for an hour and a half, from 7:30 P.M. to 9:00 P.M., after being told by the hostess that there are "zero tables", despite multiple confirmed unreserved tables being clearly open. Fed up, we decided to wait inside directly in front of the podium; this seemed to get their attention. Within 5 minutes, they managed to go from "zero tables" to a table for 8 fully opened. Apparently I don't have enough experience in the service industry to understand the logic of that, despite having 2 previous jobs in it. 

Anyway, once we were seated, it took another 15 minutes until the waiter (who was spectacular in spite of this) came to take drink orders. Fearful of losing him for half an hour, we put in our full order, which prioritized 2 appetizers. We then waited 40 minutes for a single appetizer, and continued to wait for the other. The second came about 20 minutes later, which was, somehow, a pleasant surprise. 

Another 20 minutes later, HALLELUJAH! the foo
d came. Sweet Jesus, seeing those plates almost made me feel the same euphoria as my first skydive.  And even sweeter Jesus the food was absolutely stunning. I do not believe I have tasted a better Mac and Cheese (I do largely suggest the lobster/crab combo) in my life. Truly a diamond in the dirty, ugly rough that is this entire ordeal. 

So to conclude, I adored our waiter and the food, but there is absolutely no excuse for a 3 and a half hour restaurant trip. Typically, I do not care to complain or make my thoughts public, but holy crap, not once have I been simultaneously so impressed and so disappointed. Perhaps it was simply an unlucky night, perhaps not. Either way, the Shiloh Grill remains a classic for Pittsburgh..though that status may need to be reconsidered.笑
4.5 The food was good. Like really good. I had the fish tacos and they were, as Sydney Fife once said, the tits. We had a couple really minor issues (like not liking a mixed drink) and our waiter (Noah) and the manager (Scott) were beyond helpful and amazing. They honestly  made the experience a memorable one. We had a great time and we'll be back soon. Nice happy hour specials. The red sangria was delicious... just get the pitcher. Trust me, you'll drink it.笑
Went here for an earliest dinner on "bacon night". Place was in bye resting in a good way. Took us a while to get through the menu because it was fun to read and because things looked so good. We shared our yelp free bowl of chili and it was excellent, exactly what you'd want for a rainy afternoon. I got the pulled pork on a pretzel bun, which was excellent (but needs some hot sauce, IMO) but I also got the Mac and cheese as my side, which was not awesome. I love Mac and cheese, and there was something just off about it. I couldn't tell if it was the noodles or the sauce that tasted like soap. Everything else was good, so I'm chalking this up to a fluke.笑
My server is wearing the same watch as me. And you can order a Fabrije egg on the menu. Obviously this place has style.笑
The chili is flavorful and spicy. The chicken salad sandwiches are also great the dill gives it a nice fresh flavor!笑
My husband bought a Groupon, and my expectations were low.  However, to my surprise, lunch exceeded expectations.  I had the quintessential Pittsburgh chicken salad, and their homemade balsamic vinegarette dressing made the salad.  We'd definitely go back.笑
I love the vibe of Shiloh Grill. It's amazingly laid back. I didn't have a single care in the world as I practically loitered on their deck with a laptop, a plate of delicious hummus, and a water for well over two hours. And the service was awesome, my waiter was really cool and just let me be.

I wasn't particularly hungry for anything crazy which is why I ordered the hummus, but I will furrrr surreee come back and order something off of their very intriguing menu. 


I happened to notice cans of Dale's Pale Ale behind the bar, and any place I've come across in my life that offers the best canned beer in the world (Dale's Pale Ale) has never been let me down.笑
Bacon cheeseburger on pretzel roll was perfection. Love the atmosphere of the outside seating area. Servers were very friendly and food is reasonably priced.笑
Great family restaurant customer service I recommend this to everyone love it I would go back best Mac and cheese on the planet so good and Monday is bacon night woop woop笑
My husband and I wanted a laid back place to go for our first wedding anniversary, and we chose to come here! The food and service were excellent! We ordered the spinach dip as an appetizer, and loved it! For our main dishes, I ordered the crab cakes, and my husband got the steak tacos. Both meals were outstanding and our waitress was awesome! Can't wit to go back!!!笑
"Bar review only"

Stopped in on Saturday night to meet a couple of friends.  The place was crowded and fun.  Even were auctioning off some men!  

The bar staff is excellent, able to describe the beers and on top of their game!  
Great Service!

A good selection of craft beers and a few wines.  A couple of TV's with Pirate game on.笑
Fantastic place to eat and drink, the staff loves working there and it shows.. Super cool owners/management. Easily the best food at a good price on the Mount.笑
Food was not bad but staff were extremely rude. I went in a group of 4 on a Friday night, when the entire menu was half off, so everything was really cheap! The food was pretty good and well portioned, and our waitress was really nice. But, when we got our checks we noticed that there were multiple errors and that all four of us had been overcharged. We pointed out the mistakes to our waitress who brought it up to her manager. He apologized and tried to fix the mistakes. But after getting the new checks, there were still errors on two of them. I pointed this out to the manager, who rudely replied that he "didn't care about three dollars worth of chicken" and would take it off the check, when it was very clearly not supposed to be on there to begin with. This whole ordeal took a while to figure out, and we expected to be compensated with at least better attitudes from the staff.笑
I've always been a fan of Harris Grill and when you're from North of the Burgh, Mt. Washington is a much easier trek than Shadyside so we decided to hit their sister restaurant Shiloh Grill today. So glad we did! 

Shiloh is smaller but still just as cute with the same food & drink menu, which I've always loved. They also have a cute deck out front for some dining, drinking & people watching. It was only 50 degrees today but people were sitting out there soaking up some of our scarce sunshine. They also have their own parking lot - bonus!

We realized we'd never ordered Harris's calamari & it's pretty awesome. They are tossed in a sweet & spicy chili sauce that's a bit more heat than sweet and cooked to perfection. 

I ordered one of my faves, the Henny Penny chicken sandwich & added bacon to it. I know this place is bacon friendly because Harris has done free bacon Tuesdays for years. I neglected to ask if they also do that at Shiloh. Yummy sandwich on ciabatta with a side of vinaigrette coleslaw with radishes & jalapeños. 

My hubby ordered the meatballs & they were so flavorful & perfect. Plus when we got the bill it just listed 'Balls' on there, which made us laugh. 

Our Green Flash IPAs were a tad pricey at $7 each but the good news is it's one of our favorites and was on tap. Service at the bar was attentive and fun. Our bartender was getting prepped for Sunday Brunch as she chatted to us & it sounded awesome. We know their drinks are stellar!

Nice to know we can have the advantages of Harris Grill with a closer drive to Mt. Washington to Shiloh Grill. Perhaps a return trip for brunch is in order.笑
We came at 2pm, which was an awkward time because it was between brunch and dinner.  So we had to wait a little while before ordering, and the food took a little longer to come out than we expected.  I had the porkanator, a pork chop sandwich with grilled onions.  Very tasty, had a like kick to it.  Ordered Mac and cheese for a side, a little bland, but balanced the spiciness from the sandwich nicely.  My friend ordered the hushpiggies, which was outstanding.  Like hush puppies filled with cheddar and bacon.  She also had the tomato soup, very delicious, but also very spicy.笑
Their pulled pork is superior to any pulled pork I've had elsewhere in the Burgh.
Their lobster mac and cheese is quite simply amazing.
Their frozen cosmos keep my wife happy, and they're only $3 during happy hour.
Their staff doesn't give a fuck, and I like that.
I'll keep going until I run out of money.笑
Great place for a large group!  We seem to end up here for birthday outings-great drinks and food and plenty of space for large parties.  Fantastic drink menu with of course the frozen cosmo-everyone's favorite. Their sangria is fantastic and sometimes overlooked. I wanted to be brave and try the seasonal pumpkin sangria but decided on a pumpkin beer and they had a fantastic selection of about 5 or 6 different kinds on tap. The menu is about the same as Harris Grill. I do wish they had a few more options. This time I went with the pulled pork with red potatoes and coleslaw.  Everything was just ok. I do enjoy how they let you pick a side if you don't want the French fries.  The coleslaw was super spicy which I was not expecting.  Our waitress was very friendly and was very willing to split our checks even for the large party. 18% gratuity was added however the waitress made sure we knew this ahead of time. I recommend going when the weather is nice to sit outside on their deck.笑
I really enjoy Shiloh Grill, I have been here about 10 times. I highly suggest the chop chop salad it is great. Also some cool things about here is they serve tater tots which you don't see very often and Tuesday night is bacon night you get free bacon! They have a decent beer selection and if you like fruity drinks they have frozen cosmos and frozen mimosas which is cool. I suggest the Happy Ending its amazing, they have funny names for everything is has a great environment and good prices. Sunday Brunch is affordable and pretty good!!笑
Always a favorite, I actually almost always bring my friends from out of town here. I know they will be well fed and enjoy their meals every single time. 

I usually get one server, I can't remember his name but he's always there, has been there for a long time, bartends and waits tables, he's tall, brown hair, super friendly, I'll learn his name and add it later. I love him. 

It's usually busy, always good. 

Pierogis are effin amazing, roasted veggies are really good, I've also had their tots, burgers, salads, hummus, salmon...I come here a lot! They have an awesome cocktail menu. Indoor and outdoor seating, ample parking on site and 1 block away is a parking lot. They are also open later :)笑
Visited the Shiloh on a Sunday evening before things started getting busy. This is a friendly unpretentious place that is inviting.   It was too cool to enjoy the deck dining. The offering of craft beer on the menu were plentiful, but sadly the two my man wanted had kicked and there was no back up.  He found a third to try, but really wanted his first pick.  Guess the weekend got ahead of them, and when you are out, you are out.  I was happy they serve Kaliber non alcohol beer which is my favorite.  The menu isn't large but offers a interesting selections.  We ordered the cheese balls and WOW are they delicious.  This isn't your ordinary mozzarella cheese stick like balls.  The waiter said the cheese is made locally and had a soft, salty and tangy bite.  I enjoyed the pork tacos that were so good I would have them again.  My man had the hamburger advertised as one of the best in Pittsburgh - he agrees.笑
Solid 5 star joint. Possibly the most creative menu I have reviewed on yelp to date. This place seems like a huge old home with a fantastic outdoor deck for eating. We ate inside and the place has charm, a coolness factor, great atmosphere, and above all, amazing food. The short rib tacos are fantastic.  I'm not a big taco guy, but this place is worth the trip up the mountain just for the tacos. Trust me the tacos are different and inventive. My wife had a fantastic dish and we both had great grilled fresh vegetables.  Simply amazing.笑
Being a fan of Harris over in Shadyside, it comes as no surprise that my most recent visit Shiloh was a good one. It was my first time stopping by and definitely won't be my last.

As far as the menu and atmosphere, it's all very similar to it's Shadyside brother. However, I quite prefer Shiloh due to it being much more relaxed. Harris is loud and tends to be a little crazy, Shiloh was the opposite. Maybe it's because we visited on a Sunday night, but it was very chill and there were only a few other tables and patrons at the bar. 

I ordered the Jamaican tacos and was satisfied. They had a nice zing to them and the fruit helped neutralize how spicy it was. It also came with grilled veggies and a rice-like substance (can't remember the name of it!). It was $16, but totally worth the price. I ended up taking half of it home. Huge portions! We also ordered an appetizer of Buffalo Chicken dip with pita bread and veggies. It was good, but very much like the kind you could eat at a party. Though, the warm pita bread was a nice touch. 

Their drink menu is huge (almost too big, making it hard to decide), but I decided on a Hot Spiced Cider. I thought it was very strong, yet still yummy. I don't think I would order it again, but it was definitely worth the try.笑
Great find!  Visiting from DC and loved the unique take on menu!  Witty and original.  The food was excellent! Can't say enough about the pierogi sliders and the eggplant lasagna!!笑
Came here for lunch last summer and got the fish tacos. They were really good. This place has a really nice atmosphere and is close to the overlook- which can make for a really cute food/walk around date. The food was more towards the 10-20 dollar range even for lunch. I be been meaning to return for dinner sometime because the menu looks great and I wasn't disappointed with lunch.笑
Service was great entire time. Food was good i had the steak mac and cheese and wasnt dissapointed the steak was cooked good and the appetizer was good just all seemed to be lacking something. But overall it wasnt a bad place笑
This place offers a great selection off food with excellent drinks to have on the side. As a frequent flyer, I have not had one bad menu choice and you have to go on Tuesday nights as it is "bacon" night! All you can eat bacon with excellent drink specials. The staff is friendly and always inviting for more to eat. Be sure to visit the sister location called "Harris" in Shadyside!笑
Meh. This place was a total let down. Went at 830-9 on a Saturday night. The dining room was dying down for the most part at this point and we were seated right away. Excited to try the calamari that I had been reading about online so we ordered it. OUT -  so no calamari for us. It was honestly the only appetizer that looked good to us so we didn't pick a replacement. Food took longer then expected to come out considering the crowd has diminished. This would have been excusable had the food actually come out hot. Mine was cold to the touch. I got the jerk chicken tacos and my partner in crime got the burger with their "famous" mac n cheese as it it advertised in the menu. That mac n cheese was laughable. It was runny and bland. The burger was your standard bacon cheese burger, no more/no less. The tacos were ok. They were advertised with pineapple on them, but I think I might have gotten one sliver in one taco. Pretty dry and not great. They came with roasted? veggies (HOLY SALT) that tasted like they were swirled around in a grease trap and then put on my plate next to a sad pile of quinoa that contained red onions and corn (doesn't sound great right? that's because it wasn't). The service wasn't very redeeming where the food was lacking. We never received refills until the check was being paid. It's not cool to go without a beverage when you're suffering though a salty meal. I was really looking forward to trying this place out and left so very disappointed.笑
I'm so glad the fried cheese curds are back! Praise to the cheese gods! 

Shiloh Grill is always a solidly good meal. Some of my favorite dishes include: fried cheese curds (see above), crab cakes mcardle (who'da thunk, but yea they are delicious), all tacos on menu, and the arugula steak salad. The chili and mac & cheese are also delightful side choices.

Fun drink selection, too. Their "Happy Ending" singlehandedly got me through grad school. 

The staff is always friendly and courteous and sometimes downright lovely. 

That being said, there always seems to be at least one thing wrong with either mine or my husband's order (missing components, missing bacon, stray calamari sneaking it's way in with the cheese curds, bringing wrong drink orders, etc) Nothing that can't be forgiven and overshadowed by the yummy food. 

I'm also not a fan of their brunch buffet. I know I'm in the minority with this one, but their waffles seriously need to step up their game. Also, everything always tastes like it's been sitting out. Which it HAS. So. There's that.笑
Cute place! First time going to Mt. Washington in Pittsburgh and ran into the Shiloh grill. Went with friends and we decided last min to check it out and we were glad we did. We went during happy hour so the prices were VERY affordable. The service was awesome, atmosphere was relaxing (a little dark), and the food and drinks were good. And the BONUS... Free chili when you check in on Yelp. 

Food wise, my friends and I shared the hummus, porgies, and the chili. The hummus was great, the porgies had a semi-weird potato cheese filling. The filling had good flavors it was just texturally weird. And the chili... My favorite part of the meal. It was so delicious, I highly recommend it. 

Had a couple of frozen cocktails in addition to the food and the were very strong! Soooo worth the $3.50! 

The one thing to keep in mind; however, is make sure you double check your check/receipt because my friend accidentally got charged for an additional appetizer. I wouldn't be saying this if the waiter didn't say it happens often.笑
My second time to Shiloh Grill, although this time was much less enjoyable. The food was equally delicious, but our server was absent most of the meal. We ordered wings and our server never brought extra napkins until we complained. He also never refilled our drinks, nor could we find him to ask him to. I'm debating on returning. The atmosphere was loud and reminiscent of a college bar on Carson St. It's a shame because the food was good, but it just goes to show you that bad service can ruin a perfectly good meal.笑
The food is so good! You can get sandwiches, burgers, or more traditional meals. Eggplant lasagna is excellent. The tachoes for an appetizer...awesome. Highly recommend笑
Excellent customer service.
Today, I ordered a tuna melt (I don't eat chicken, beef, etc) and my brother ordered a chicken melt. The kitchen switched our sandwiches so I got the chicken and my brother got the tuna. I didn't realize this until I took a few bites. The manager came over right away and got my order corrected. It was an honest mistake on the kitchen's part. I sort of expected to be discounted the cost of my meal but the manager paid for our entire lunch. Props to him and his team for going above and beyond in customer service.笑
Had a lot of fun at this place! The food was good, but nothing overly special. However the atmosphere and the happy hour specials easily made up for that! $3.50 frozen cosmos and $5 apps were great. Really comical descriptions of all the food and drinks made for some good entertainment.笑
A party of five of us went to Shiloh grill Friday night for drinks and dinner. I had called ahead about reservations and was told they could give me a table inside but not necessarily out on the patio. However, when we arrived and asked for the patio, we were easily accomodated. It was a beautiful night to be able to sit outside and watch the people walking around Mt. Washington.  I love being able to carelessly relax on their deck on a nice night. 
For dinner I ordered the quickie salad chop chop but requested steat be substituted for chicken. Although the menu states that the salad comes with balsalmic vinagarette, it`s actually dressed with their fig vinagarette which is much sweeter than a typical balsamic vinagerette in my opinion. The salad comes stacked with vegetables. Many more than are actually listed on the menu including chick peas and what I believe was hicama. The steak was done well and flavorful. However, I was extremely disappointed when I tried to order the fresh made chocolate chip cookie with vanilla ice cream for dessert and they were out. In fact they were out of their chocolate cupcake and all choclate desserts! How do they run out of all of their chocloate desserts? Are they really that unprepared? It was busy but not ridiculously so. Even if the waitress would have told us this prior to the meal, I could have walked across the street to the cute ice cream shop before it closed. Being 8 1/2 months pregnant, I was severely craving a chocolatey end to my meal. 
So, not a bad place to relax on a warm summer night but, don't expect to actually be able to order what`s on the menu.笑
I totally recommend this place. I was visiting Pittsburgh for the weekend and a friend took me here for a few drinks and some food on my first night. The food was delicious (awesome mac and cheese), the drinks were yummy (pumpkin spice sangrias!), the waitress was attentive, but not overwhelming or annoying and the overall atmosphere of the place was great. Good prices, too. Next time I'm in Pittsburgh I will definitely go back!笑
we were here on a friday night and the view and ambience couldn't have been better!  lots of twinkling lights, stars, and fireflies.  there's so much on the menu it was hard to decide but we all loved everything we had: Trailerpark Totchos, The Garden Weasel, Fish Tacos!, Henny Penny).  love the decor - eclectic, funky, even kinda creepy, but very cool.  it's dark as hell but we like it that way.  we sat outside in august and were so into our food that we didn't notice the 90-degree temps.  if i lived in pittsburgh, i'd be there once a week.  can't wait to go back!笑
I have never eaten dinner here but their brunch is off the chain! it's $15 all you can eat and includes a breakfast beverage of your choice. I'd choose the frozen mimosa! The mac and cheese is sooooo cheesy and creamy! I love that you can also have bagel,lox,and cream cheese and they have onions,capers,eggs,and tomatoes to add to the breakfast sandwich. They also have the usual-bacon,eggs,sausage,eggs benedict,waffles. I love coming here for brunch!笑
First time here visiting Pittsburgh. Great and friendly, speedy service. Had the Garden Weasel with fries. One of the most delicious meals I've ever had! I'd recommend this place to anyone traveling to Pittsburgh.笑
We came for drinks and a bite at the bar. Three of us and one was a birthday. So we were happy to be here. Bartenders were unsmiling and so lackadaisical. No Petrone. No Wild Turkey. What? Anyway b-tenders very inattentive. Our birthday girl's burger came and she all of a sudden needed to leave. Explained issue. Never had such a poor reception to my request to make a quick exit. I usually tip high when I eat at a bar cause it's extra work for b-tender. These two (one named Keller only cause I asked trying to show him we were friendly and fun) are detrimental to your business. This first time customer will not be back. Shame笑
As a fan of the Harris Grill, it was a no-brainer to give the Shiloh a shot.  I had a friend in from out of town for his first visit to Pittsburgh, so naturally, you are going to take that person to Mt. Washington for the view.  While there, we stopped to grab dinner.  The outside deck is large and accomodating.  The beer and drink selection was very nice.  The place was very busy but the service was good and we always had water/drinks.  

Mac and Cheese is all you need to know to get from here.  Add some chicken, grilled or blackened, or steak and it is even more amazing.  I would definitely come back to check out some other items...or just have more mac and cheese.笑
Outdoor seating! Only really four good months if this in Pittsburgh, so this is a good place to go. 
Sugared beet salad was nice and refreshing for a summer dish. I've had most things on their menu and all are good selections. They rotate specials/features pretty often, too. 
Wine Wednesdays...yes! I love a place with a good drink special. 
Used to have tarot readings with Rebecca...wish they would bring that back. 
Only downside is parking which is pretty much a downside in Mt. Washington as a whole.笑
Let me start off by saying this is a cool, cozy place on Mt. Washington. Also supposedly has a haunted history which makes it interesting. Food isn't bad but the service always seems to be painfully slow. Took two hours for a typical meal (for 2 people) the last time we were there. Server, while a nice guy, took more than ten minutes to acknowledge our table & take drink orders after we were seated. The food took an exceptionally long time to come out after the appetizer- and all we ordered was two burgers. The server was nowhere in sight & did not check back until the food was almost gone. Meanwhile we were short one fork for a side dish and in need of napkins and drink refills. We sat forever once we were done, and the clearing of plates/ bringing the check took a solid 25 minutes. As someone who had several waitressing jobs in the past, I tend to be more patient and understanding when it comes to eating out. However, this was more of a late night dinner - not during a busy dinner rush- and the service was still poor/inefficient. Still worth checking out, just something to keep in mind if you have somewhere to be after!笑
So AMAZING! In town from California for work and wanted something in town that was good. Found this place on yelp and gave it a shot. Sat at the bar w Sam, amazing service. Got the grilled veggie salad w salmon added on top. Dressing came on the side, house Pinot Grigio was great and
was in the mood for a cookie. Asked Sam about the dessert and he said they had a cookie that was amazing and house made. Homemade chocolate chip cookie w vanilla ice cream topped w whip in a skillet, amazing! Blows the pazookie out of the water!笑
Let me say that this is a review only for Sunday brunch buffet.

A and I show up at like 10:30 and decide to sit outside which is beautiful.  Nice deck overlooking the street.  We had Jared as a waiter.  If this review were just about how awesome Jared was, it would get like 10 billion stars.  We often go out for breakfast and generally spend several hours gabbing.  Most waiters don't know what to do with us.  Either they ignore us or hover making it known that we need to move it along.  Jared did neither of those things - he refilled out coffee and waters a billion times.  He asked if we wanted anything and when we said that we were going to take out time, he had no problem.  When we finally did get up to go upstairs for the buffet, we took our purses cause 1. who doesn't take their purse when they have to walk from outside to inside and up stairs and no one will be sitting at their table anymore and 2. it's Mt Washington.  The busboy came and cleared out entire table!  Jared quickly got us new waters, new coffees, new silverware, creamers, sugars, salt and pepper, etc.  

The food, however, is where this place was lacking.  If you have a buffet at a busy restaurant on Sunday morning, there are a few things that you need to get right: 1.  HAVE FOOD.  Over half the containers were completely empty!  And when the people would come re-fill, they seemed to only re-fill the ones that already had food in them.  2.  Have mac n cheese.  If you are known for your mac n cheese, which Shiloh is, you should actually have pans and pans pre-made and ready for re-fills.  3.  Have the food HOT.  How on earth was everything flying out of there so fast that most of the stuff was empty, but also nothing was hot - some of it was barely lukewarm.  

There were some highlights - the pulled jerk pork was amazing.  No idea what you were supposed to do with it alone, but it was really good.  The stuffed peppers, also an odd choice, were very tasty.  The best in my opinion was the carmelized onion and gruyere quiche.  It was very onion-y, but sadly barely warm at all.笑
Out of town with family, found this on Yelp, good crowd for a Thursday dinner. So glad we came. Server was fun and helpful, Mr. White. Place has a bit of humor which added to the already unique menu. Kids loved it. I liked the beer selection and my chicken jerk tacos. Hummus starter was real good plus healthy. Lots of unhealthy food too, like bacon stuff, so it's a good choice place for differing pallets. Son had fun with Build Your Bowl dinner, kept in check by server's help, he recommended cheese sauce so it wouldn't be dry, came out great. Half a block walk from best city view vantage in country to walk off the calories.笑
I've heard lots of good things about this brunch. I found it to be a mixed bag. Solid basics (bacon, sausage) and an OK but not that imaginative omelette bar. On the hearty side, the chicken tikka was the highlight -- but again, solid but not that memorable. Salad, fruit and breads really limited. Breads and pastries looked pedestrian (Costco bought?) at best. Overall, this is a notch above three star hotel breakfast -- but far short of a first-class brunch. From selection to presentation, the brunch lacks imagination. My sense was that people came for the booze first, and the brunch was a nice add-on. 

Service -- like nearly all service in Pittsburgh -- was just plain bad. Not rude, but definitely not informed or helpful. The table next to us had some extra needs or questions and the staff took on that distinctly Pittsburgh attitude of "we're not here to be bothered." Even owner or manager who walked around never broke a smile or offered a thank you.

When I go to Austin or Miami or even a small town in Ohio, I find restaurant staffs -- and I eat cheap -- genuinely warm, pleasant, helpful. Pittsburgh just doesn't get service....at any price level.笑
Not a great joint. Burger was cooked correctly but lacked juice and the necessary fat. My wife's fish tacos were not good.  Good bartender but no Bud  products. Said it just because they have so many crafts...don't believe that at all...I would not recommend ..笑
Shiloh Grill is that cool, unassuming sibling we all pretend to have not known of in the Pittsburgh area.  Yes, it is true, Shiloh's sibling restaurant is that place in Shadyside called Harris Grill.  Yes, there are similarities between the two of them, but this place definitely stands on its own two feet.

From the moment you spot Shiloh you think, "Nah, this can't be the place...I mean, it looks like somebody's house with a nice deck on it."  I did this myself, drove right past it and had to backtrack (we all know how hard that is to do on Mt. Washington).  But I believe that is what gives this place the charm it deserves.  It looks weathered and beaten, but in actuality it is the most welcoming spot on the Mount.

Inside gives you the same vibe, that vibe where you feel like you are inside somebody's house and are just in time to start enjoying the house party.  You are warmly greeted by the host/hostess at the door and guided to where you are to be within seconds.  

The most recent visit I had here was for a birthday party.  This is quite possibly the best way to sample a wide variety of their food without having to order one of everything on the menu.  The standout star of the spread they had for the party was the pierogis.  Perfectly combined potato masterpieces that, with a dollop of sour cream, made this belly smile.

The drinks were perfect as well.  I stuck to a margarita all night, no salt and on the rocks.  I know I am using perfect in this review often, but that margarita was exactly that; perfect.  When the check came for the drinks (I combined mine with a friend) it didn't hit the pocket book too hard which was a nice surprise.

The servers here were spot on and pleasant as can be to work with.  They came around often to check on us and see if any of us needed a refill.  They never missed a beat and that made things run very smoothly for us.  

If reviews had to be a one word summary, PERFECT would be the word to use for Shiloh.  

Hey, guess what, this is my 800th review!  PERFECT!!!笑
I'm a huge fan of the Harris -- I dine there at least 3x a week.  I'm not kidding.  I've even got  my father coming to the Harris for Bacon Night.  We love it there.

The Shiloh Grill?  Not so much.  The menu is exactly the same as the Harris but every single time I've dined there there has been some sort of problem, ie we waited forever for our food, there was a hair in a salad (my friend is a hair dresser and in full disclosure she didnt even care--lol), an order was forgotten....

The last time I ate there I ordered the gazpacho and the Britney Spears.  The gazpacho came out so spicy it was inedible.  It was also salsa level chunky.  I took two bites and sent it back and told the waiter--maybe I got a chunk of pepper?  He agreed w me that it looked thick and I was very bummed out bc gazpacho is my favorite thing on the Harris menu.

One problem was that he clearly knew someone sitting at the table across from us and would stand there bs'ing with them while I was dying for a refill of water due to the Hellfire Strength gazpacho.  I again want to mention that the gazpacho is NEVER that spicy.  Brimstone shiz was going down in that bowl!  I finally went to the bar for water.  Our waiter never noticed.

I instead asked for mini mac n cheese.  

The britney spears came out, two were burned and one was under cooked.  You just cant go wrong w the mac n cheese ever.  Its was honestly the high point of my whole day.

Then the check came and the gazpacho was still on it.  It too so long to get the check I just paid and left.  I'll not go back, I'm going to stick w the Harris.  And Redbeards, which is right next door.笑
Dinner was FABULOUS!  I had the salmon and my husband had their famous macaroni & cheese with grilled chicken.  I loved the atmosphere and the staff was incredible.

We will definitely be back and we discussed bringing friends.笑
First time to Shiloh Grill!!!  It's was wonderful!!!  Love that the restaurant has a parking lot.  The hostess, Jen was super friendly and clearly loves her job. Our waiter Sean was great - knowledgeable and friendly!!!

We had the brunch....a nice wide choice of both breakfast and lunch foods. The Omelette chef was great - made a fantastic huge delicious omelette.  The frozen mimosa was scrumptious !!!  

Definitely will be back for brunch and dinner soon!!!!笑
This is my updated review . We had a small group come here on a Thursday night for dinner. We missed the happy hour but they had a featured drink the frozen white sangria . It was very very good . It wasn't too sweet at all.
We had a mix of different meals this evening. We had pulled pork quesadilla, lobster mac and cheese , and a build your own bowl. We loved all the meals! All were very lot and lots of meat in all of them. They were super filling as well. We took left overs home with us. 
We also had chilly and almond tort . Both were super good and I would order them again. 
We ordered drinks as well and they were good ! 
Our server Lexi was super funny and very welcoming. She made the experience !笑
Best new find!  I can't say enough about the Shiloh Grill!

Started off with the chimichurri flurry wings, which were perfect. Crispy, flavorful, garlicky and soon to be gone. Worth every penny!

Then on to the spinach/pesto stuffed meatloaf. Came with sautéed veggies. The entire plate was delicious...and came with enough food for leftovers. 

Dessert was "The Wrongest Ever."  It was so right. Deep fried tempura batter Twinkie with French vanilla ice cream in a raspberry sauce. Two spoons allowed me to physically fight off my fiancé for the majority of this awesome creation. 

Service--Mr White was our server and was great. Attentive, knowledgable and very friendly, as was the manager that stopped by our table. 

Drinks-Great selection of craft brews in bottle and on tap. 

We sat in the 2nd floor seating area, which I enjoyed as the downstairs can get a bit noisy from the bar crowd. 

All in all, the best spur of the moment decision we could have made for a Friday night out. We discovered a true joy on Mt Washington!  Can't wait to head back!!!笑
The menu is good and the drinks are always well done. The deck is nice for warm weather but the bar area is small inside. Not a big deal, just get a table. I like the build your own bowl with lots of customizable options.笑
Great food, located a block from the top of the Monongahela Incline. Lots of vegetarian options and a great cocktail selection. Lovely patio area for outdoor seating.笑
Wow I'm surprised to see all the good reviews after my terrible experience here today!  The food left something to be desired and our waiter only came around about every 30 minutes causing the awful experience to drag on forever.  

The menu is funny, which is great.  However it doesn't describe the food very well.  I ended up ordering a chicken quesadilla only to find it was made with mozzarella cheese and had mushrooms all through it.  It smelled and tasted like pizza rather than a quesadilla.  Thankfully the waiter saw me trying to dig the mushrooms out (one of my least favorite foods unfortunately) and offered to get me something different.  I ended up getting a chopped salad which was mediocre... I guess I had already soured on the place at that point.  Our appetizer, the Britney Spears, was good though!  


The place is nice.  It just seems like they are trying a little too hard and unfortunately missed the mark for me.笑
Excellent service and great food. Pierogies were a perfect appetizer, the Mac and Cheese with the Buffalo Pulled Pork sandwich was delicious. Very nice atmosphere accompanied with great service笑
Shiloh Grill is always a solid choice. They have a great brunch, and I love the deck. My husband and I had our first date here, so it will always hold a special place in my heart!

I do think it's a tad overpriced. And I would love some more vegetarian options on their dinner menu. But what they do have is excellent. Their mac-n-cheese is some of the best around - and the cookie in a skillet for dessert? PERFECTION.笑
This place is so underrated! Great atmosphere, friendly service, delicious food! I had the fish tacos and pumpkin sangria -- both AMAZING, and my Mom really enjoyed her lobster macaroni and cheese. Highly recommended!笑
My last review is, to this day, still the worst review I have given for the worst service I have ever received. Shiloh Grill has proved a disappointment yet again and this review still stands true. Now that we live on Mount Washington (we moved about 5 months ago) I have been avoiding it due to our previous visit. Today our friend suggested it so 4 of us went out together. It wasn't busy, many open tables but we sat outside which also had many open tables. After getting our water, our waiter said he'd be back to take our orders. I ordered first and asked for the calamari. He said they were out. I actually began to laugh thinking it was a joke due to our last visit. Before anyone spoke he said, "we just had a table of 80 and they cleared us out on food." Please tell me why you wouldn't tell us this right when we sat down, not nearly 20 minutes later? My boyfriend then said, "what do you have? I was going to get the weasel (or something titled that, I just know it was a portobello sandwich), do you have that?" Our wait told us they did not have that and really were "out of everything". This was the second time I gave Shiloh Grill a chance and I WILL NEVER GO BACK. Why is your kitchen open if you have no food? I understand large parties. But a party of 80? You weren't prepared? Even so, you should have food for 80 people in a night. I have worked years in the restaurant business so I understand issues beyond control but to not tell us when you gave us a menu? Maybe the owners of Shiloh Grill should worry more about customer service and actually being a worthy restaurant than all of their unoriginal and frankly worthless puns that fall extremely short just like their service and their food. I truly think this is a joke. At least they're consistent.

P.S.
No manager came out to apologize and we left with nothing but waters on the table.笑
Let me begin by saying I used to be a huge fan of this place.   Today after many visits I'm saying those is my last.   In the past year or two has gone downhill.   Two years ago I would have readily given them 5 stars.

If you do decide to go here, ask for Miles or Brian's sections.  They're two of the best!

Food is cold, portions have shrunk and some members of the wait staff just don't care.

If you want to try this place, goto their other location (Harris Grill) instead.  They are still 5 star and live up to my expectations.    I think the management here at Shiloh is the difference!笑
If you take the incline, an are looking for a comfy meal and a drink, this is the spot to go. 

Good service, amazing custom Mac and cheese (thanks to the chef!). We were seated in a crowded spot and some bros kept crowding our table and making me a little claustrophobic.笑
Sat on the patio, quiet and cozy @ 6pm on a Thursday. Great happy hour specials, on appetizers and beer. Great cocktail and beer list and unique items as well as staple items on menu. The goat cheese stuffed peppers were yummy!笑
Arrived on Friday night with party of 15 (willing to split up 3 families or accommodate the staff) and the manager gave us a hard time. Plenty of tables available. Worried about sitting kids together and a sever getting stuck with no tip.  Kids don't pay the bill pal!  Parents would have taken care of everything. Shame that your servers and business owner missed out on more revenue and tips.笑
I had to come back here during my trip. This time I had the Del Monico a go go, a side of mac and cheese, and a Dog Fish India Brown ale.  The sandwich was fantastic, and the mac and cheese once again was spectacular.

The staff here is fantastic, you can really tell that they enjoy their jobs. I love the sense of humor that permeates the whole place. A good place to have some great food, and a good time.笑
Atmosphere GOOD, Food GOOOOOOD... Service GOOD.

Travel for work weekly and always eating out. This is definitely on my list for must return to.笑
Awesome place to check out after taking the incline and checking out the view! Got here on a weekday a little after happy hour and was promptly seated outside. 

Our waitress was super friendly and attentive and had us ordering more drinks and food then we should have but it was worth it! 

The menu seems overwhelming at first as it looks like there are huge descriptions of each item that may or may not inform of what the dish really consists of! My bf and I ended up sharing a couple of appetizers (sriracha deviled eggs and sliders) and ordered the mac and cheese with jerk chicken to share. Everything was delicious but the mac and cheese was amazing! Soo good! Really i think the mac and cheese here with anything will be amazing!

We also started off with a couple of beers then we ordered a couple of rounds of the frozen cosmo. The frozen cosmos are super strong and delish. The fact that they are frozen makes it so refreshing on a hot summer day/night. Add a $1 and you can add more alcohol to it so be careful with these drinks! They might hit you hard if you have too many!

To finish things off we were convinced to get a hot cookie in a small cast iron pan loaded with ice cream! The cookie was ooey gooey and delicious.

I had an awesome night here and would love to come back for more delicious food and drinks!笑
Great Sunday funday.  Brunch runs 18.50 and comes with a drink.  Huge stations with great food.  Will be back.笑
Great restaurant and bar.  Full cocktail menu and extensive beer list.  I recommend the Beam Honey Mule...delicious spin on the Moscow Mule.  Jamaican Tacos are superb and it comes with quinoa and roasted veggies.  Food not too expensive.  Dining areas are a bit tight on the first floor.笑
Wife and I in town for beer fest and were looking for something different for dinner and found this amazing place.  The food was unique in a good way, from the starters to the main dishes.  The cheese and cracker plate  was a great way to start our meal, a little kick of heat in the cheeseball was just right with the IPA's we picked.  My wife enjoyed the Chop Chop salad to the point of almost licking the bottom of plate, and the cheeseburger chimichanga I ordered spoiled me from ordering a cheeseburger any other way from now on.  The staff was great and our server's knowledge of beer was outstanding and very helpful in our choices of  what to drink.  Prices were more than fair for the portion size, next time we're in Pgh this will be our first stop for a bite to eat.笑
What to say about this place? We randomly ended up here on our very first weekend in Pittsburgh and it's become our go-to chow-down spot. We love it. Our lives are entwined with it--from winning the contest to name their pig mascot--we chose Herbie Hamhock--to making it the reception location for our wedding. The staff is amazing--they feel like friends. The menu is witty and quirky. And the art mixes history (Katherine Soffel's story) with the humorous and the bizarre (Geurnica meets bacon). As for the food, we haven't found a clunker on the menu. The standouts are the hush piggies and the mac and cheese. The hush piggies are everything a good bar appetizer should be. They're deep fried balls of finely grated potato, cheese, and bacon. Dipped in a sriracha aioli, they are enough to make one believe in the existence of a higher power. The mac and cheese is, simply put, the best we've ever had anywhere. Paul likes to add bacon to the mac as a routine, but sometimes, when we're feeling flush, he indulges in the perfectly seasoned medium rare hanger steak. We've tried to get the recipe from numerous servers, but no one has coughed up the goods. Not to be missed, is the bacon cheeseburger, the short rib tacos, and the Pittsburgh salad. The range of alcoholic options is also impressive. K particularly enjoys the pumpkin sangria, when in season, and, when not, she'll happily imbibe the frozen Cosmo (which packs a punch).  Don't hesitate to give this place a shot. In fact, you'll probably see us there.笑
Thank you for responding to my comment with the most backhanded comment I have ever seen. All I am asking is you try an treat this situation with the seriousness it deserves. As for the stamper an mailer I'm happy you moved on. I have since done the same an obtained an employer that knows the value of trust an insures their employees are properly paid for time worked.

Thank you for your timely response to the matter. It's responses like these that help future customers get a better understanding of proper business practices.笑
The Shiloh Grill was seriously the best restaurant I've eaten at.  The combination of great food (great portions too) at good prices couldn't be beat. Everything on the menu from drinks to appetizers to main course to sides to desserts seemed like they put their own personal touch on it.  Even the description of everything was funny and awesome.  I enjoyed reading the menus because of that.  Great restaurant, two streets away from Grandview, yet trumps any of the famous restaurants there!笑
Had one of the best times ever with my husband here. We had taken the incline up to see the view and decided to grab a snack and a drink up there. This place looked decent from the outside so we decided to give it a try. They have a great patio but unfortunately it was raining so we stayed indoors. The bar is a standard bar, but the dining area was cute. Had a living room kind of feel to it.

Now to the good part. The cocktails!! The list is huge. And I will say that we went through quite a few of them and were NEVER disappointed. Our server was a super nice skateboarder type. He definitely kept the drinks coming.

I'd go back to this place in a heartbeat. Oh. And the menu is very witty and well written. Definitely keeps you amused. Especially with each subsequent drink order. :)笑
Loved this placed! We ate here on a Tuesday after a friend tried it (and loved it) on Monday. First, I really enjoyed the ambience. The lights were dim. The fireplace was lit. And there was an old-fashioned charm with the wooden staircase in the middle of the floor. It was half off frozen cosmopolitans, so why not?!? The frozen cosmo was delicious with a wonderful flavor. I also redeemed my free bowl of chili from the Yelp check-in. The chili was excellent, but beware: it has a spicy kick! Use the dollop of sour cream to tone it down. I also tried the Delmonico a Go Go steak sandwich, and it was the best! The steak was tender and flavorful. The bread was perfectly toasted with butter and aioli. I can't wait to come back here for a nice wind down dinner with friends. If this is the sister grill of Harris Grill in Shadyside, I'm inclined to try that as well!笑
Shiloh and Harris Grill are great places to check out on a Tuesday night for bacon night or Wednesday for their wine night.

Personally I think their mac & cheese is my favorite thing on their menu but their food is overall good and they have a witty menu with entertaining descriptions of their menu items.

O and their frozen cosmos are amazing but be careful they go down easy but are super strong...but like I said completely delicious. My birthday was fueled largely by them.笑
Wife and I were in Pittsburg looking for a house to buy.
When we arrived we first checked into hotel then went searching for a place to eat.
We checked out Yelp and Shiloh Grill had some good reviews and was not to far.
I had a hamburger with mozzarella cheese and pickles and tomato and french fries.
The fries were very salty but ok nothing special and the hamburger was also just ok.
The service was fast and friendly and we ate upstairs which was nice.
I was not impressed at all with Shioh Grill and would not go back again.笑
I love Shiloh Grill. The owner is always around, making sure that people are satisfied. I eat there regularly and ALWAYS get great service. Their food is delicious, and their menu always cracks me up. Check it out!笑
I've had lunch here two or three times, and was pleased. Tonight, dinner was one of the poorer meals I've had in a long time. On a scale of 1 to 10, they get a minus 3.  The wait for our food, after having been seated, was absolutely unacceptable.  The quality, preparation, and presentation of the food was poor.  I'll not return any time soon.笑
Went here for brunch yesterday 8/14/11

Overall the food was decent.  Nothing was truly spectacular and as others have said their could have definitely been more variety.  

What we sampled: 
Bacon (decent, but I don't understand why they are known for this)
Sausage (better than the bacon and my fiance liked it better than the bacon which is shocking because I am the sausage fan in the house)
Mini bagels with lox (pretty good though the toaster was sort of a death trap)
Waffles with peaches (went back for a bowl of peaches, but the waffles were soggy)
Omelet (the chef was hilarious and seemed to enjoy workign with and interacting with the customers)
Frozen Mimosas (delicious!)

Definitely not the variety that you are going to find at the Grand Concourse or at the Rivers Casino brunch, but overall for the price and the great waitresses we would come back.笑
Our family loved this place. We sat on the deck, enjoying the weather, pirogies, mac and cheese, and a steak salad. The make a bowl thing near the back of menu is cool. The pork has good strong seasoning and goes well with pirogies. Service was great even thought they were very busy.笑
Had an outstanding time here on the afternoon of the U2 concert. 

1st of all, Gene (perhaps a partner in the restaurant?) was about as good of a bartender as I have ever seen. He was very helpful and accurate in describing the many beers that were available. He was able to make suggestions based on what we told him we liked.

Next, the food was very, very good. The steak sandwich was great, as were the wings that I sampled. But most of all, (and thanks Gene, for the suggestion) this place has the best mac and cheese I've ever had.

I will be back on my next trip to Pittsburgh, and have toyed with the idea of another trip just to go here (well I'm sure I'll find something else to do while I'm in town).

Props to Shiloh!笑
I visited Shiloh Grill for Sunday Brunch and absolutely loved it! Great location just a couple feet down the road from the spectacular views of Pittsburgh. The brunch selection was very diverse ranging from your typical breakfast foods, to an omelette station, and lunch options. Today it was their amazing Mac and cheese, jerk chicken, and stuffed peppers. All you can eat brunch was $16 and included a drink. We also tried out the hot cocoa and fireball jello jigglers that were a tasty end to brunch. Our server Johnathon was one of the best I've had in a while! He was very friendly and made our experience that much better! Will definitely be coming back for brunch.笑
I called the day before to make a dinner reservation. The plan for my party of 9 was to eat at Shiloh Grill and then take a ride on the Gateway Clipper. We arrived on time and were told that a party from 2 hours earlier was still in our seats. We understood that! But then we ended up waiting another half an hour with still no seats. In order to make it to the Clipper on time we were forced to leave and have a quick dinner somewhere else. The hostess at Shiloh was nice and apologetic but said there was nothing they could do about it. The whole experience was just very disappointing.笑
Great salads! The grilled salmon was done to perfection.  Nice outdoor patio. Prepare to relax and wait. The service was slow. Would have enjoyed having some bread with the salad.笑
Have you been to and enjoyed the Harris Grill? Then you'll love the Shiloh. Same good food, same cheeky menu, but with better parking options!

If not, this place is definitely worth a try. I went last night and tried the lobster Mac and Cheese  and the Turkey Burgher. Both were great very rich, with big portions. The rosemary aioli on the sandwich wasn't my cup of tea, but overall the flavor was good. I would probably have preferred that the mac and cheese was baked and crispy, but we certainly didn't leave anything left on the plate :)

The atmosphere seemed comfortable - It felt like it could be my neighborhood bar if I lived closer. We were sat right by the front door, which was a bummer, but I'm curious to see what the upstairs seating is like. I'd definitely go back.

Best tip: get your sandwich with a side of tater tots. Crispy and fun!笑
I went here last night with 2 friends for a birthday dinner and it was awesome! We got there about 7 and it was a 20 min wait, which was perfect because we were able to enjoy a drink at the bar. The host texted us our wait time and came over to get us when the table was ready. Our waiter, Bobby was awesome! He was really friendly, made sure to let us know he could answer any questions about the menu and gave great recommendations. We shared the calamari which was perfectly cooked and served topped with a sweet and tangy sauce. I ordered the grilled fish tacos which came with quinoa and green beans. I wouldn't change a thing, perfectly cooked, great spice and good portion. My friends got the Mac and cheese, pulled pork sandwich and one of the veggie sandwiches and they both were happy. My only regret is we went on a Thursday and not a Tuesday which is apparently all you can eat bacon!!!笑
I don't think I've ever had so much fun reading a menu! It's pretty entertaining, and made making the perfect dinner choice a difficult one. For me, I needed something hearty, comforting, and of course, satisfying before a night out in the 'burgh! I was a first-timer, and hoping my visit will not be my last. Example, this is how they describe pierogies: 

-- POLISH CHURCH BASEMENT PIEROGIES --
High-density dumplings from Poland, carefully assembled by nimble immigrant hands, and slathered in butter 'n onions. Dziadzio and Baci wouldn't steer you wrong. Eat, Najdroższa, Eat!

For dinner, I chose the Build-a-bowl workshop with tater tots, braised short ribs, and the famous mac-n-chee sauce. Obviously, I was not going the healthy route. It was a Friday night, and I was not in the mood for a salad. Only calories and carbs. When the bowl came over, I wished I had ordered sides. The portion was not enough, and it was more of a "six-spoons-in-and-then-dinner-is-over" type of meal. It came in a size of cereal bowl in case you need to picture it. Now, looking back, I wish I could have ordered some of the pierogies listed above. 

Like the food menu, the drink menu is pretty extensive and also an entertaining read. I ordered one of their tasty manhattans, and it was delicious! 

I'd come here again, but will have to remember to order more or trying something that has more substance.笑
After reading some mediocre reviews, I ventured into The Shiloh Grill on Mount Washington with cautious expectations, which were eventually proved wrong.

It was Happy Hour so I looked over their ample drink selections, including a variety of mixed drinks, wines and  their 16 beers on tap. Wanting to stay local, I ordered an East End Cherry Chocolate Stout from one of the friendliest bartenders (Gene) I've met in awhile. He asked me my name and used it throughout the evening, which I thought was a personable gesture. Plus, he was periodically joking with some of the locals, keeping it light and fun for a weeknight. 

I struggled over what to order because there were so many selections that sounded wonderful, including their famous and plentiful Mac n Cheese, which two girls were sharing beside me. They didn't finish it. (I found out why later.)

I eventually decided on "Thanksgiving on a Blawnox," a half-pound turkey burger with sage stuffing and a little rosemary aioli. When looking at the side dish options, the Mac N Cheese called out again, so I went with it. Great choice!

The turkey burger was very filling, but the MnC knocked it out da park with spiral pasta covered in delicious cheese almost as thick as paste. I now understand why some people just order this for their meal, even if it registers total calories in the five digits. Seriously, proceed with caution!笑
Slacker Chic: It's old hat, dude. 

That seems to be Shiloh Grill's theme with its "ironic" bill of fare copy and all too laid-back staff, complete with messy hair and stubble on the gents. 

I bring this up because of the lackluster service, but more on that later. 

Kay and I came by last night due to traffic troubles as well as curiosity; we wanted to see if Shiloh as in fact superior to nearby Redbeard's. Nuh-huh, man. 

The menu features nothing innovative, and that in itself is no crime. If their standard steaks, tacos, wings, sandwiches, and burgers were high-caliber, that would be fine, but for the most part, what we had didn't quite stack up to the ceiling. 

The pierogi, which in this case are deep-fried and homemade according to the menu, were more like Mrs. T's than Baba Grabowski's, know what I'm sayin'? The outside was crispy, buttery, onion-laden. The insides were starchy and cheesy. Adequate might be the word I'm searching for, and they were barely so. Again, I got a freezer-section vibe from these particular Polish dough packets. If they are handmade, someone's not trying, and I wouldn't be surprised if they aren't considering the...err...atmosphere? Culture? What am I trying to say? I'm working on that.

My Po Boy Crabcake sandwich is half the price of the crabcake entree, and comes in a bun that doesn't know whether it wants to be a Cibatta, baguette, or English Muffin, and there's nothing wrong with that sort of confusion at all. but sadly enough, it was the best and most interesting component of the sandwich. 

The crabcake itself, to my palate, had a tell-tale aftertaste and uniformly cut crab chunks, indicating cryogenic shipments and quickie reheats. Was Swanson or Schwan's in on this hoax? "Grandma Sheila's secret sauce" was a tasteless remoulade that was as irrelevant as the Flowbee. If Grandma Sheila exists, and I doubt she does, she should email my mother for her remoulade and crabcake recipes. 

The fries that came with it were dusted with an exotic blend of spices that failed to mask the fact that they were limp, far from crisp, and a complete flop. Unfortunately, they were served in a hefty portion.

A bite of Kay's Bacon Cheeseburger gave me some hope that SG has something going for it. Moist 'n rich, 'tis a pity that burgers aren't all SG sells. 

Dessert was an overcooked debacle that took 20 minutes (???) to prepare. Cookies-n-Cream is their dismal take on the chocolate chip cookie sundae. Oh, how it sizzled, so much so that our Gen X'er waiter advised us not to touch the dish, which came on a plate. The bulk of the ice cream melted before our spoons touched a thing. There was canned whipped topping and Hershey's chocolate syrup involved, and in just a few minutes, we had a dairy soup on our hands. At this point, the cookie had been reduced to mealy crumbs.

Slacker Chic: It Bites Like Reality, Bro. 

So we were seated outside as per our wishes. However, it was broiling outside sans any shade, the sun pitilessly baking me. I saw our server installing umbrellas into the iron tables and asked him for one. His response went something like this...

"Uh, that was the last one. I think. There might be more in the basement. Uh, I dunno man, I can lend you my shades and baseball cap. Heh." 

And he walked away shaking his head, chuckling at our obvious unease. 

One would think he that would have at least offered us indoor seating, especially considering the ever swelling, ever obnoxious drunken party that crammed next to us without regard to our comfort or existence. More of them just kept coming and coming and coming, looking for more chairs, bumping into us, sticking their asses in our faces, littering our table with cigarette ash, polluting our ears with profanity, shrill laughter, and talk of feminine hygiene issues and bad sexual encounters. I gathered that they were all co-workers, and if so, I want to know who employs them so I don't ever apply for a job with that organization. 

And if our experience wasn't already a hog's lunch, as we were leaving, a barmaid delivered a dripping wet mug of beer to one of the harpies seated next to us. As her hand left the mug, she inadvertently flung mead all over me. Very nice. I might as well have been at a Jimmy Buffet gig. The barmaid never looked my way either nor did she apologize. 

The mediocre Redbeard's managed to Hoover even less than Shiloh Grill. 

What an upset.笑
Earnest service but the buffet is terrible at worst and mediocre at best. I've eaten far better at hotel lobby buffets, where at least you can opt for cereal and yogurt when the hot food is this bad. You could solve US energetic independence by tapping the grease in the food for biofuel production.笑
Very over rated!!! 
Me and my friend went there on Friday just to grab something to eat and a drink well that didn't happen the drink menu is funny but barely tells you what's in the drinks. We ordered buffalo chicken dip for our appetizer and that was alright for our entrée I ordered a chicken sandwich which lacked flavor and tasted like it sat under the heat lamp for way to long. My friend ordered wings and they were not cooked all the way so majority of them were pink. I should of just sent the food back and got something different but I wanted to move on with our night... Our server was nice, and the host was very nice as well... Friendly staff! over rated food in the nicest way to put it...笑
One of my favorite brunches in town! I've gone twice now and there's never been a wait, which is a great plus! The buffet costs around $15 and includes your choice of a breakfast alcoholic beverage. The buffet includes bagels with toppings (including smoked salmon!), eggs benedict, bacon, sausage, fresh fruit, mini muffins/cupcakes, danishes, mac n cheese, waffles, biscuits and gravy, an omelette station, and more. On this particular day it also served salmon filet.

It's such a great deal and the food is all delicious.笑
Arrived in Pittsburgh late on a Friday and we were hungry. Shiloh was the right place to go to get my belly filled!

PROS

*Multiple versions of Mac & Cheese. I got the Hamburger Helper version. It was waaaay better than any Hamburger Helper I've ever had.

*Tasty beverages. They did some cool twists on whiskey drinks. I actually got the Happy Ending and it definitely made me happy. 

*Spacious patio. We sat on the patio on one of the first nice nights of the year and snagged the last 4-top. It was perfect.

CONS

*Eclectic menu. This could be good or bad - they didn't really specialize in anything, but had something for everyone. 

*Parking. We came in between the dinner and late night crowd, so we were lucky to get a close spot, but there didn't appear to be too many spots in general.

BOTTOM LINE
Good grub. Good drinks. Good time.