Another great breakfast here, can't beat the service or food.  Daily specials and great comfortable seating boothsǾ
My husband and I only come here when Rory is working! We love the food, but more importantly the great service and friendliness from Rory!Ǿ
I have only been to this Village Pub location but it has set the standard I expect from all of them. The beer is brewed locally and hits the spot every time and I was particularly pleased with the food. For bar food it is pretty damn good. Kudos to Danny the bartender.Ǿ
This place hasn't changed at all, still unpretentious, reasonably priced and good food.  The steak and eggs (pik attached) still one of the best deals in Vegas, $6.99 plus tax = $7.57.  Drafts are $4, higher than at Ellis Island (they just raised the price there from $2.25 to $2.50) but still a great price.  Servers, bartenders all down to earth and friendly.Ǿ
Love this place.  It is definitely more of a spot for locals -- and is well off the strip.  No problem if you have a car...

The VP&P is tucked into a strip mall and not much to look at on the outside, or really on the inside.  However, the restaurant is quiet and reserved--with just plain great food.  From steaks to sandwiches, we have never had a bad meal here.  Combine great food with great off-the-strip prices, and you have a real winner here.  

Highly recommended!  We always make a stop here when we are in Las Vegas.Ǿ
Chris the bartender (bald) is a jackass, and rude. Tells me that since I'm driving for my wife so her friends and her can drink, that I'm whipped. Then tries to be funny and makes little bad jokes and won't give me food unless I stand up for myself. Then I order food and when I say give my soup to the wife he makes another lame, anti women jokes. Food took forever to get and when food is brought only two items are brought out, and mine isn't brought or mentioned. I watch others who came in after us get their food. After about 10 minutes he says I'm checking on your chicken parmigiano. Tell me it will be 2 minutes. I watch others in restaurant get food and I wait more. The others in my party have finished their food. So after about 45 minutes I tell the other bartender to cancel my order. Chris comes out and tells me he's taking off the bill. Then tells me the restaurant is packed and the bar too, sounds like he's blaming me, not once does he offer a sorry about the food situation . I won't be back and I'm calling management on him. Worse service, and he's a jackassǾ
Great location with super friendly staff! Personally served by the Manager, Billy who was very attentive with our food and service! We ordered a cup of the Chicken Potato Soup which was creamy,  chunky, and flavorful. We followed up our meal with the " most popular item on the menu," the Fish and Chips! The three large battered pieces of fish were fresh, very flavorful, and were served on a bed of steak fries with tartar sauce and a lemon Wedge! Such a large portion for the price that I could only eat a third of it but, took the rest home to enjoy later.Ǿ
11pm-3am happy hour...need I say more?!

I've always gone to PT's for drinks, but they continue to shorten their happy hour, which is now only 2 hours long. Additionally, all drinks are no longer 50% off. 

At this location, the bar itself is not the largest and it does not have pool tables, however, the price of drinks should be reason enough to come here. Their draft beers, house wines and certain liquors are $2 and appetizers are 1/2 off! 

The next time I decide to have a get together with friends for drinks, this is the place I'll be choosing.Ǿ
Yum mmmm Yum!

Yearly tradition, must have the corned beef and cabbage dinner! As this time of year comes around, my body starts talking to me and LOUD! My mouth starts to water, drool, salivate like crazy thinking of that succulent tender and juicy corned beef! Now I have on several occasions bought a corned beef brisket and cooked in my slow cooker, although delicious as well, is not the same as going out and enjoying it at Village Pub.

Village Pub always rocks all year no matter what you order, but corned beef and cabbage time is just the best and their busiest day of the year. I have always eaten at the location on Fort Apache, this year decided to try the south rainbow restaurant which is just as fabulous!

I like that the smoking section in the bar is enclosed with glass so that when you are eating it is completely smoke free!

The food and service is always outstanding! Prices are more than reasonable for the generous portions you get! I wish I knew the Owner of this joint, I would so give him, her or both a nice big juicy kiss for having such an awesome Pub!

Mmmm yum I am still savoring the tender and melt in your mouth corned beef brisket, it is moan worthy! The meal was ridiculous big, a nice hearty portion which was incredible and left me stuffed to the brim! The complete corned beef and cabbage dinner came with your choice of soup or salad. I ordered a salad w/ranch. Mmmm oh sock it to me they have the best ranch on earth! I want to drink it from a cup it is sooooo good! I want to take a bath in it and lick it off of my body it is that good!

Mmmm check out Village pub, St. Patty's day or not their food and service can't be touched!

Marlon was an awesome waiter, spoiled us with sweet service!

Mmmm suck me silly this visit was Fantastic!Ǿ
been here several times looking for a neighborhood bar. this is not it. very cliqueish gamers who are not very welcoming. they all seem to know each other but are not anywhere near friendly to those not in their little group. kinda like high school except with 60 year olds. funny.can't recommend.Ǿ
I enjoy having breakfast here. There is never any wait. The staff is friendly. They offer daily specials which includes the steak and eggs for only $6.99. The steak is prepared to your liking, 2 eggs, potatoes, and toast, You can't beat that.Ǿ
I've come a couple times with my family & they're generally good with time, there was once where they only had one cook but for the most part I won't return to Denny's if I don't need too and ihop has really never been my favorite. They are very good price wise & the food taste amazing. I've brought my family to eat and they loved it as well. Near where I live currently, and I recommend this place to absolutely anyone.Ǿ
Horrible service from the lady named Carol. 

I always go there to eat like almost every week. The waitress always acted stupid to me because I used to yell at her about her service. After that I got over because I wanted to enjoy my meal. Sometime I know they are very busy because people keep coming I understand that. But nice service can clam customers down for waiting for the food you know. When I got the food and after that she never came back to check or asked if I would like anything else she got the check and put on the table. She refilled my aunts coffee and spilled on the table like she hates her job. I don't know ... She always pissed me off.

I would love to go there more if Brandon and David are working. They are the best. I love the food so much. 4 stars for food. I love their food very much. I always get the vegetable omelette and steak and egg. Reasonable prices and good portions :)Ǿ
I love this bar! 

Chris, Renee and Rory are all competent, attentive and welcoming bartenders. Fresh drinks are easy to get, and once you establish what you drink, you'll rarely have to ask; finish one, another appears. Ashtrays are emptied as quickly as a butt is crushed into them.

The Ellis Island (their parent organization) beers are all eminently drinkable, from the IPA to the Light with all the relevant stops in between represented. You aren't going to find a bunch of boutique nonsense on tap here, so if that's your gig, you'll probably be disappointed. But if you like beer for beer's sake, you owe it to yourself to give their taps a whirl. Plus, it's made here, and has been since WAY before it was commonplace.

And then there's the Egg Nog. It is a revelation, and an amazing way to warm up on a chilly Winter night. Creamy, smooth and it packs enough of a kick that you'll be crooning like Bing Crosby in no time! Stop in for a glass and TAKE A BOTTLE HOME, the revelers at your holiday parties will thank you.

As others have mentioned, the food is solid across the board. The Chicken Pot Pie (easily serves two) and the French Onion Soup are go-to choices, and the recent addition of Soft Pretzels with a delicious beer/cheese sauce is a no-brainier when catching up with friends over drinks.

In a town with, seemingly, a bar in every omnipresent strip-mall, these guys outshine the competition handily. If you live in the area and this isn't your Local (with on acceptable exception) you're missing out, big time.Ǿ
Came here for a late night dinner after an amazing ugly sweater party, which my wife won! gj babe! It was around 12:30am, and the place was CRAZY decorated for Christmas! It looked AWESOME inside! We were greeted by "Rory" the bartender, who was excellent. He was very knowledgeable about everything they offered for happy hour and their regular menu.

$2 Happy hour is Mon-Fri 3pm-7pm & 11pm-3am on Ellis Island draft beers, Wine, and Cocktails with many delicious alcohols to choose from. Also 1/2 off appetizers!
The food was cheap and hit the spot!

My wife got the classic burger, which she said was in her TOP 5 burgers at any bar shes been to. 
I ordered the "Pub Chicken" which was chicken sauteed in lemon accompanied by rice and sauteed veggies. It was a bit over acidic, but good, especially for a bar. 

This bar could absolutely be my wifes and I's new local pub. Good service, good food, and good Ellis Island beers on tap. Great end to our fantastic night.Ǿ
Used to love this place on east side so when we moved behind in Nv trails we were thrilled. First time fish and chips so greasy it gagged us.  Second time tried chicken dinner..tasted good but we both got sick. Next time tried chicken pot pies.. all onions and celery.. again we got sick.  That cinched it.
Service was terrible..slow and non attentive.
Have not gone back.Ǿ
By Far one of the best Gaming Bars and Family Restaurants in Las Vegas! The Bar is separated from the Restaurant for the convenience of Family's and Non smokers! Also one of the best Happy Hours in town. Between 3pm-6pm and 11-3am, Ellis Island Micro Brew Drafts are $2.50, Well and Call drinks are half off, and Amazing Appetizers are 1/2 off as well.
The Bartender Danny is super awesome, He is so hospitable, he definitely gives the best service in town ;) 
The Restaurant side is great as well, I usually sit in the restaurant for breakfast on the weekends, The Steak and Eggs and Bloody Marys are amazing! 
As far as food, Ive ordered from both the Bar and restaurant, Everything has always came out great, The Fish N Chips, the Meatball Sliders, the Ribs, Its all good here I have not a single complaint about this place!Ǿ
The Village Pub is a great place if you're as cheap as me. I like it: depressing decor (vinyl booths, ESPN sports center playing in the background and no one under sixty in the place at 12 noon for lunch). It's basically your standard Las Vegas dumpy, dark Las Vegas lounge, but they do have good food.

I've been there for lunch and dinner. Do yourself a favor and go there for lunch for the VP Burger lunch special. It's like $5.49 with thick steak fries and a pickle.You can't eat at McDonald's for that price. It's a great price for what you get. The burger is super juicy and delicious.  If you ask for medium rare, they'll actually make it medium rare (which is not common for this city). The fries are okay, but at that price, who cares?

Going there every week, I would stay away from the Texas Style Chili. It's basically a can of Alpo they dumped in a bowl. A friend ordered it. Honestly, it looked like they boiled ground beef and then put it in a bowl. Out of instinct, I was compelled to set his bowl on the floor and whistle for my Irish Setter that died in 1991.

Nevertheless, everything else I've had has been great  though. The burger is fantastic! The meatball sliders are incredible and the cream of chicken soup (only served on Mondays) is my favorite. Really, the food can be insanely good. 

I really like the Village Pub and I'll keep going there. Great price and okay variety. I really the place.Ǿ
Pretty fast service during the hours I'm there. Oscar is the best!!! The prices are reasonable too.Ǿ
My first time here was for an event called Paint & Kimvas hosted by Kim. A few friends and I found her on groupon. She hosts a painting class in different locations in the valley. The particular painting we chose was conveniently taken place at Village Pub. 

Me & Nieves D. arrived early so we seated ourselves at the bar and ordered a round of moscato, our favorite. She decided to order a small appetizer, nachos. Little did we know.. "Small" isn't part of their vocabulary at Village pub. It was a mountain of nachos! 

Our other friend finally came. And the painting class was about to start so we just took our Nacho Mountain to the dining area. Our server, Brenden, came and got our 2nd round of drink orders. He was very pleasant and explained that the bartender can make whatever kind of drink we want. My two friends decided on a Tokyo Tea & I got a Mai Tai. Now these cocktails came out in a large water cup! And not no little midget glass like that usually do in bars. Those drinks were deliciousness! 

Upon drinking another Mai Tai, I got a little hungry. I ordered their soup of the day which was Broccoli Cheddar Soup! Oh boy, that was super creamy & super good. I loved it and wished I ordered a bowl instead of a cup!  

I'm really impressed with Village Pub. I didn't rate it 5 stars because we really didn't come here for Village Pub, we came here for the Paint & Kimvas event. I didn't have time to study the menu, atmosphere, nor did I spend enough time talking to the bartenders and servers. But I think I will be returning to try those infamous Pot Pies!Ǿ
Thought I would try them out on Thanksgiving for an extra meal.. 2.00 charge for a To-Go order because it's a special..:(.. I guess this will be the only time I have food from here then ... The staff was friendly especially since they had to work on Thanksgiving.. But the company has lousy  policies..Ǿ
We tried them last night and the steak was so tender and everything was very good.
Maybe there are different cooks on and they improved. Keep up the good work!!Ǿ
The VP Classic Burger at lunch is a great deal and delicious. At the lunch the place is quiet and perfect for lunch appointments or a relaxing meal away from work. On tap Root Beer is also delicious.Ǿ
Great local pub to have a drink and watch the game.  There is also a separate dining area which serves your basic diner menu and a daily special.  I recommend the fish and chips.

But the bar is where to go: numerous flat screen tv's, nice selection of brew, and friendly bartenders.  The weird thing is you can't order food in the bar area.

Overall, a good place to unwind and grab some comfort food.Ǿ
This is our Friday night dinner spot.  Great food and great service.  We seem to always eat late with the kids when we go and there is never a wait.  We have not been let down once.  The entire menu is great.  Dining room is cutoff from the bar so you wont choke on smoke and therefore makes it fine for kids.Ǿ
This place is seriously so AWESOME...this is my husband and my "go to" for late night eats...all the BOMB appetizers are 1/2 off and super yummy..the staff is the best part too always so friendly and nice and hold good conversation...this place has been a fav of mine since I was young just good ol bar food...not to mention my elderly grandparents come here almost daily just for their yummy soup! Thank you for being so awesome!Ǿ
I was really in the mood for fish and chips but didn't want to drive far. I saw some comments on Yelp on how good they were here. So what the hell...10 minutes later fish and chips with an added side of coleslaw. The coleslaw was dry, no dressing:( so I made my own with mayo and sugar. The fries were good. The fish was goog but not traditional...the beer batter had lots of seasoning which made the coating taste more like KFC. The fish was tasty and was cooked well. Nothing was greasy. It just didn't wow me or satisfy the need for fish and chips. Oh well...you live and you learn. My waitress was very friendly, which made things a bit better.Ǿ
Renee, Chris, Penny, Ryan & Rory are some of the best bartenders ever! They remember your name and better yet your drink. Oh and the food servers Marlon and Chris are always on top of getting your food to you, they always have a smile on their face. The cook Josue has your food to your liking. I will be back.Ǿ
Went for breakfast, prices very reasonable, friendly n good food! Excellent service and very fast!Ǿ
Great local brewery!! I had the pleasure of coming into this nice little local spot. At first felt a little Divey , but was pleasantly surprised. Was told to sit anywhere I'd like and my server would be right with me. He was very prompt, and very friendly. I asked about some of the in house brews from Ellis Island brewery, he was very knowledgeable about all the brews and actually what to pair them with. Had an amazing steak dinner for an insanely affordable price. $11.99 for a perfectly cooked steak with delicious sides and had a few beers as well. I will definitely be back for dinner with friends and family. Next time I may even step into the separate bar where I can gamble a bit!! Thank you guys for the great meal and amazing service!!Ǿ
Another great meal, great service and good food I come here for the Top Sirloin meal so cheap and good. I come here a couple of times per week.Ǿ
I work in the area so I come here for lunch sometimes.

The waitstaff is hit or miss - some good, some not.  The same could be said for the meals.  

Its very dark and the noise from other tables carries all over the restaurant.

All in all its not a bad place but don't order the lunch special pasta - the sauce tastes like weeds, and I'm not too picky about pasta.  I always thought you couldn't go wrong with pasta but they have proven me wrong.Ǿ
Great food -- great service!!   I will definitely be back.     Party of four, fish and chips- excellent; orange roughy - delicious; chicken fried
Chicken - delicious - steak and baked potato - perfect.    Great place to eat-- great serviceǾ
I love this spot. It's our family breakfast every Sunday morning. The good is always great - love the sweet potato tots. And the service is awesome. My kids think its great they know our drink order when we walk in the door.xǾ
My husband and I have been here several times, it's actually our favorite place now.  Everything we've tried so far has been delicious and very inexpensive.  You can get breakfast, lunch and dinner, and they serve different specials every day.  Service is good too.Ǿ
We've been coming to dine here for years, the food is great and the service is fantastic!
Marlon is our server and he makes us feel so welcomed! His service is exceptional, it's what keeps us coming back! 
Although the it's a bar/pub the dining area is cozy and kid friendly. It's nice and dark to provide a very relaxing atmosphere. This is our go-to local restaurant.Ǿ
My husband and I used to frequent the Village Pub in Desert Shores for years, but after a really bad experience, we never went back. Over the weekend he said he wanted to give this location a try, I was a bit hesitant but gave in. 

When you walk in, you have the bar to the left that's closed off with doors, to the right  there's a separate dining area. We were allowed to sit where we wanted.

We ordered the following items for dinner:

- Stuffed potato skins ($6.49)
-Pot pie ($8.99)
-Steak and eggs ($8.99)
- Chocolate brownie ($4.99)

The stuffed potato skins were really crispy, they were stuffed with cheddar cheese, bacon, and to my husbands dismay, chives. I have no problem with them but he picked them off. They were served with a side of ranch and sour cream. I had the steak and eggs for my entree and my husband had the chicken pot pie. His pot pie was amazing, it was really rich and creamy. My steak was really tender and juicy, what really stood out were the potatoes, they were well seasoned. I still had a little room for dessert so we went with the brownie, it was loaded with whipped cream, drizzled in chocolate sauce, and topped with ice cream. I need that brownie in my mouth for the rest of my life, it was so good. 

Our server server for the night was Brenden, outstanding service from him and his fellow co-workers, they would all check up on us and ask if we needed anything, plus they were all very friendly . I'm a fan of this location now, great food and service, I'll be back.Ǿ
This is my local pub period!!!!!
Yes, they know us by name :) 
Danny the manager is super sweet. Julie and Penny are the day dolls and remember me and all my crazy life/stories. Chris the graveyard shift guy is funny and nice.
Their food is always right. 
Their homemade root beer and Ellis Island homemade drafts are excellent. 
As a gamblers bonus player you get your $5 every week or two and when playing, your cocktails are always on the house. 
Win or lose, ALWAYS leave a tip $20+ for this staff! 
It is smoking in the bar area, so if smoke bothers you, this is not your spot.
Busy during games and on weekends. 
Slow during the weekdays so if you want a drink and play a little during the day, this is your spot! Especially if you want a fun great convo with the staff.
Hubby an I have also sat in the dining area and the waitstaff are very kind.

I love this bar......Ǿ
This place is the bomb. I always get the salmon. Grilled. Plain. Served with rice pilaf and veggies, plus soup or salad.  It's delish. 

The red interior is loungy and comfortable. They have picture of sailboats on all walls. Service is fast and friendly. House wine is decent and very reasonably priced at$3.50 a glass. You can also order a half carafe of wine but I don't remember how much. It is a little more than 2 glasses from what I recall (maybe $7.50 or $8?) 

Boyfriend got the chef salad which was HUGE (see pic). He said it was very tasty - he ate the whole thing so it must have been. :)

Nice variety for the dinner menu. Not a ton of veggie options though unless you like salad or cheese quesadillas. 

Overall always a great experience and you get a lot for your money.Ǿ
Portions are still great, but the service is getting a bit less excellent. The tables are dirty. The FLOOR HAD CHICKEN BONES that I stepped on while exiting the booth...... nobody near us during our visit had chicken. The service today was kind of slow. Maybe they were short staffed, I'm not sure. All in all I feel that my experience was nowhere near the level excellence that my past experiences were.Ǿ
There are a few foods that I just love, and one of them is sweet potatoes. We specifically went to Village Pub for lunch so that I could try their tater tots made with sweet potatoes. Yes, that is right. SWEET POTATER TOTS. That's what they are called on the menu, I can't make this stuff up! 

We sat in a booth in the bar area, our waitress was the bartender. She had someone helping her bring our drinks but otherwise it was just her helping multiple people at the bar as well as another table in addition to ours. She did a great job of making sure we never waited too long for anything. 

I had the club sandwich, which came with my choice of fries or tots (they also had onion rings as an option, those were an additional charge) and a pickle spear. It was a pretty basic sandwich, the bacon was nice and crispy but the star of my meal was the tots, without a doubt. Slightly smaller then the standard tots I am used to, great consistency and super yummy. 

3 stars for being an A-OK, inexpensive pub to grab a bite to eat. Plus 1 star for the sweet potater tots. As long as they keep those on the menu, I will be back!Ǿ
Had their fish and chips. They were perfect. Coleslaw was okay not bad and not excptional. The new batch of the red beer was awesome! 

All four of us enjoyed our meal and the service was exceptional.Ǿ
Ellis island feel.. Very friendly.. Large portion for the price...  mmm yumm
Tasty! Nice and quiet in the dining room.. Plenty of space.. K
Server- Brendan very knowledgable on company info.. Great personality.. 
- kid friendlyǾ
Horrible service - rude as if we were suppose to be serving her instead.
Food was less than desirable with exception of chicken fried chicken.
Hostess - only friendly person.
Would NOT RecommendǾ
4-31-17 dinner visit
A favorite place for us where my family had spend hundreds of dollars each year on dining.

But now?  I could not believe it.  

No one was taking seating requests.  The people at the back server station near the bar door ignored us as they talked.  

. 
I Seated myself.  
I Ordered coffee which came with a spoon in it.  My buddy ordered a soda which came promptly.  
No set ups on table.  
We ordered a cup of house soup to start which tasted excellent as usual.  But it came with soup spoons stuck into the soup cup.  
No napkins.
2 crackers each cup and none extra.
STILL no setups.
We ordered simple can't fail entrees.  
They came.
 my burger was ok and my fries were not done through and tasted frozen.
His chicken was excellent but he started to eat it with his soup spoon.
No set ups.
We asked for extra napkins which arrived 
no set ups.
My friend walked to the kiosk and got set ups for us.
During the meal they never asked if we wanted refills except once right after we got the drinks.
I ate some fries which destroyed my appetite.  and my friend finished his entree pronouncing it delicious.
No one asked if we wanted desert.
We paid the check and left.

Very POOR service and ALL my favorite waitresses are gone.

They get no more of my money.Ǿ
First time here for me, third time for my guy. We both had the steak special, 9.95$ with a baked potato, season veggies & soup or salad. Great taste with a great price!!! I will be coming back.Ǿ
The village pub is your typical pub. I specifically went in to try the chicken fried chicken. Total throw back comfort food from my youth!  The good... portions were big, price was good, potatoes and veggies were real. Down side... no country gravy!  The gravy they used was way over salted, and the chicken a bit bland.
Over-all not a bad experience, enjoyed grabbing a cocktail in the bar area, and I appreciated the fact that the dining area is separate from the bar.
I will go back.Ǿ
Agreed it seems! Been coming here since i moved to the sw 15 yrs ago... Renae, danny, eric,marlon, rory, julie, penny, chris, & jon the kitchen mgr has made this spot our 2nd home... My wife & i cant say enough  about the vp... Spent numerous holidays, special occasions, sporting events, & flat out good times here that leave us in tears because of the love that is within... Josue & rosendo the chefs also are incredible... Food is cheap & delicious beyond belief... Dont want to tell u all about the people and food here because you,ll all b here packed into our home... Love all u guys sooooo much!  Been in the industry for 27yrs  in vegas &  cant believe a place like this exists & is 5 mins away!!!!Ǿ
Love this place, they have the best food of any pub I know of. The bartenders are an awesome group. I would only suggest to have more beers on tap, but they are part of Ellis Island so I understand why they do not carry other brands.Ǿ
My family was in town from Chicago and we all celebrate St. Patrick's Day so we all wanted to eat corned beef and cabbage.  I never been here but this place is 5 minutes from my house so I figured let's try it out.  First and foremost it was crowded,  the 2 employees working were busting their ass. I was getting annoyed because no one acknowledged us for a good 15 minutes,  but I don't blame the employees,  I blame management that was no where in sight.  Finally we sat down,  ordered our food about 15 minutes later our food came out.  It was excellent!!! We will definitely be back.  I gave 4 stars because they were wayy understaffed for a popular holiday. But our waiter Matt did a great job!!!Ǿ
Here's the thing about Village Pub...it's just that, pub food. It's the right price, it's nothing fancy, no frills or thrills. You can go there in your gym clothes or sweats and a hoodie. It's the perfect beer and fried food kind of place, and works great in a "I really don't feel like cooking but I don't want to shell out a lot of cash to eat out" kind of place. 

Good points 
1. cheap draft beer 
2. Jumbo Fried Shrimp, YUM! 
3. BLT (make sure you add avocado and get it on Sourdough) 
4. Fish n Chips 
5. their ranch is tasty 
6. steak fries, my fave kind of fry 
7. if we don't drink too much we can get out of there for about $30 for the two of us 
8. consistent with the food quality and portions 

Negatives 
1. this location has a very noisy HVAC fan or something that kicks on and off and makes a ridiculous noise. Kind of annoying but you can drown it out with conversation and numb the pain with inexpensive draft beer. 
2. salad = iceberg lettuce (not such a bad thing if you are expecting it) 
3. sometimes the service and the kitchen are a teeny bit slow. But it's a pub, so drown the thought in beer. 
4. corny ship paintings 

Thanks Village Pub for consistent, inexpensive pub food. Yum.Ǿ
Great service and awesome wings!!  My new go to spot when I'm craving wings near home. I just wish they did to go orders over the phone so I could pick them up and they would be ready on my way home from work instead of having to wait!Ǿ
I've eaten here a few times. Good steak and eggs. Normal stuff.Ǿ
I went here for lunch and was very disappointed! I sat down and ordered a chef salad. After sitting there for 30 minutes and watching everybody who came way after me getting their food already, I was upset. Since the waitress never came back to the table, I had to ask someone else to check on my salad which should take only 10 minutes to make! Then I was told it was on its way out in about 5 minutes, Really?! So you forgot to make it and now I have to go back to work because my break is over. No one ever came over to apologize. Horrible customer service and I will not be back!Ǿ
I can't see how anyone gives this place any stars other than for the friendly staff.  I have to say the food here was one of the worst we have eaten.  The grease was so much my stomach was sick for a couple of days.  I personally will not be eating here again.Ǿ
The food is absolutely amazing and delicious here. Very fresh good quality. The first time we came here everything was great the service was good my only complaint is that when we came here near closing the male server had an extremely!bad attitude. He gave us an attitude like hurry up I want to go home very rude very nonprofessional. His attitude was so bad that if the food wasn't as great as it is. I would never come to this place again. I wish I knew his name. Anyhow, I will just go back at different hours hoping not to see his cry face...Ǿ
Best bloody Mary's ever!!!!

Everytime I come to Vegas, this is the first place I come. Sooooooooooo good!Ǿ
It's very dark in this restaurant, I'm guessing that's so the patrons can't see the slop they are consuming... If you stick with the traditional fried bar food, you'll probably do alright; but if you order anything more complex good luck with that... I will say that the prices here are amazingly cheap; that is unless you consider the cost of your dignity when you tell people that you chose to eat here.Ǿ
One of the best meals you can find in Vegas at the most affordable price!!!

I've been to this Village Pub more than 5 times. Every time I eat here the food is consistent, the service friendly and prompt, and the beer excellent! I'm the hugest fan of Ellis Island brews which you can get at all Village Pubs in the city at a price that feels like you are stealing. My favorite is to come to this pub for breakfast. I love their omelets and steak & eggs. They also serve Ellis Island's famous steak special, which I order here also. The prices can't be beat on the menu, and the quality of food is always consistent and above average. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!!Ǿ
I always come here for one thing. The baby back ribs. They are the same baby back ribs as the spot inside Ellis Island. The sides are different but the bbq sauce is the same and the ribs are just as moist and fall off the bone.Ǿ
Always good food.  

Not a huge fan of bar food anymore.  Maybe because I am getting older, but this is good food.  

Steak and eggs - about $9 - decent piece of steak.  Have had the steak and potato before for around $10 - much better cut of beef, but this was very good.

Owned by Ellis Island Casino - so, Ellis Island beers on tap.

Staff friendly.

Go - easy - friendly - serves food 24/7.  Welcome to Vegas!Ǿ
GREAT FOOD!  A gem!  Selection, service & quality were worth the drive to find itǾ
We love our Village Pub! Mickey, Rene, Penny, Julie, Rory, Chris all the bar tenders are absolutely amazing. You'll have a great time and sometimes free entertainment too. We do not eat much in the dinning room but when we do we have had either Brandon or RJ. Both severs are great. Very attentive. Anytime we have had problems (small issues) they have been fixed with a smile. Such a chill place to hang out have amazing food great happy hour specials and your not pressured to gamble. Must try the chicken fried chicken, California chicken panini with sweet tots, Village Pub chicken, Cobb salad, baked penne pasta, pot pie, broccoli cheddar soup on Saturdays, and the chicken wings and tenders are huge!! They also have a fantastic breakfast menu. Really can't go wrong with any of the food items. Love love love this place and everyone that works here!!!Ǿ
This has fast become a family favorite during our visits to vegas. This is a small place with great atmosphere, friendly and fun staff and WOW fantastic food. I almost dont want to tell anyone...could have been a great secret.Ǿ
I believe this is the second Village Pub I've been to. Looked a lot like the first!
The decor in the dining room and also somewhat in the bar is weirdly nautical, with lots of what appear to be oil paintings of ships. There are also wine themed metal sculptures on the walls in the bar which I think clash with the nautical theme. The red booths & chairs/bar stools are kinda cool, kinda retro. The bar is very open with a high ceiling, which is different from most poker bars I've been to. The joint has a vibe that's like stepping back a few decades to simpler times before most bars tried to become the newest, trendiest incarnation of a bar. If it's low key & unpretentious you're seeking, ye shall find it here. 

Here's the take away from my visit- the beer is COLD! The coldest draft I've had in a long time. They serve Ellis Island brewed beer at all Village Pubs, and I really liked the winter seasonal. The bar wasn't very busy during my visit, and I believe most people were gaming while sitting at the bar. The menu is worth checking out and they have a steak special similar to Ellis Island's famous steak special.Ǿ
Place is clean and friendly. At times there is a longer wait due to place being packed, other times, its not so bad. There is variety on menu and lots of food specials. The food and service are good. Recommend fish and chips.Ǿ
Groupon got us again with a great deal! Went here for an event : Paint and Kimvas.
What's not fun about painting and drinking?.. Oh and eating! Lol

Sandra R. and I arrived early and seated ourselves at the bar. Bartender approached us right away and we ordered Moscatos, our favorite wine!

I was also a little hungry and decided to order the appetizer chili nachos! We should've been warned that it was mountain high and definitely a must share item! 

Our friend finally came, so we went right to the canvases set up (oddly) in the middle of restaurant, where all eyes were on us!
We ordered our first, my last, round of cocktails - two Tokyo Teas and a Mai Tai! 
My first Tokyo Tea and it's similar to a Midori Sour, I do like my sour drinks and this had that punch without it tasting like alcohol! 

Cheap drinks and food at Village Pub, something for the locals to check out!
Definitely impressed with my visit and the fun event hosted by Kim! Check out both things!Ǿ
THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!

My husband and I come here all of the time.  It's our favorite and the food is always delicious!  It's never crowded though and we don't know why.  We love the service and the prices are fabulous!  You cannot beat the breakfast here, omelets and steak and eggs.  I also love the buffalo wrap and steak, baked potato and green bean dinner.  Fish and chips and Friday night fried shrimp, so delicious!  LUV, LUV, LUV IT!!!!!!