For someone that has been to a fair few italian restaurants in her time I can be quite hard to please but oh boy I so wasn't expecting this restaurant to be so good. For a start it is so deceiving from the outside just how big this restaurant is. I had just been to the Festival theatre with my husband and son and we thought we would just see if we could get a table. It was really busy but the staff were very friendly and cooperative and although we were seated near the kitchen and next to a quite noisy table it was fine. The decor is lovely quite ornate and in keeping with how italian restaurants appear in Italy.Although the service wasn't that speedy they were very busy and the staff were very friendly and quite attentive. The five star definetly goes for the food which was just amazing and my young son had an ice cream at the end of the meal and said the ice cream was just as good as he tasted in Sardinia on holiday in the summer!!!I would highly recommend this restaurant if you fancy good quality italian food but make sure you allow plenty of time to eat.笑
Contrary to its outside appearance, this restaurant is fairly large, spanning two floors. It is situated opposite the festival theatre, and definitely the best aspect is the prices - lunch is especially good value for money. Nice place to go, but not quite as good quality food as Ti Amo (very close by) which is a bit more expensive.笑
A disaster. Don't get me wrong, the ice-cream is great and the coffee good. But the staff is terrible. They got so stressed when the six of us entered yo sit down for a quick coffee and ice-cream. MAYBE, I'll go here again for a take out.笑
This is my dependable 'go-to' Italian restaurant when I'm in the area, and over the years I have visited often. The prices are reasonable, the food is always good, and the service is friendly and efficient.

I usually opt for a pasta dish, garlic bread on the side and a bottle of Peroni. This time, the waiter suggested I try a new local lager that they had in, an Edinburgh brew called Paolozzi (after the sculptor). Jolly nice it was too. 

The garlic bread wasn't quite as nice as I remembered - in my mind it was crusty slices and not the limp thick white slice that turned up, but no matter. It was tasty enough, as was the fettucine vongole (gotta love those vongoles!).

While you're eating, check out the mural on the wall and try to identify all the famous faces.笑
This one is basically two restaurants joined together, Ciao Roma an Italian restaurant entered via South Bridge, and Hispaniola a pirate ship-themed restaurant entered via Drummond Street (completed with dummies of what look like undead pirates, Pirates Of The Carribean style). Both share the same staff and menus.
The serving staff were nice enough but seemed to keep forgetting the names of the food they were serving and who ordered it.
That would have been forgivable though, if the food was good. However, my gnocchi with seafood came with much of it still in shells, including scallops slammed shut (indicating that they may not have even been cooked properly).
The ice cream was actually quite good (apparently it won awards) but the hit and miss (at best) starters and mains mean that, as a complete dining experience, this is somewhat lacking.
For good Italian, go to La Favorita on Leith Walk instead.笑
They won best ice cream - and it's seriously the best ice cream I've had or that I can remember!  It's homemade ant you can tell by the way they serve it that it means a lot to them.笑
The only thing better than the food here is the service. My wife and I are extremely impressed with this Italian restaurant. It's a little further down bridge str than we usually go, but well worth the short walk. This is my first 5 star review and it's well deserving of it. Try the lamb shank and of course save room for the ice cream. Pistachio was our choice flavor.笑
Okay, I know, I know, three stars, not exactly conclusive, but hear me out here.
Firstly: the food was amazing, my pasta al forno was so good in fact that I have had several dreams about it that were sexier than my Josh Holloway dreams. And that's saying something.

So, why the three stars? One word: service. I had reserved a table at 6 o'clock for me, my best friend and her ten year old son. Now, I had mentioned that we needed a quiet table, preferably somewhere at the back, out of the way, since we had someone with autism in our party. Upon arrival, the girl who seated us was extremely uncooperative. She took 15 minutes to discuss (or rather debate) with me on where we wanted to be seated. Despite the restaurant being very empty, and it being a Tuesday, she still gave me what I can only describe as a hard time getting seated. Eventually she placed us right next to the kitchen, in everyone's way, with people constantly buzzing by. Very, very poor service.

The other problem was the general inattentivess of the staff. I understand, it's 6 o'clock, you're just getting started, and you wish you were somewhere else, anywhere. That, however, is NOT something the customer should notice!

Would I recommend this restaurant as a result? No, no I would not. I would however to tell you to get their take-out pasta al forno. It's delicious.笑
I have been going to Ciao Roma for years, to this one and the other branch in Perth.

The service is always great, the staff are helpful and good at recommending dishes. It is good for a girly lunch or an evening meal. The menu is quite extensive and includes the usual pizza and pasta as well as salads, chicken dishes, seafood, steak and risotto. There is a good choice of starters as well, my problem is I can never decide what to have because everything looks so good. The pizzas are tasty, with delicious crispy crust. I also have enjoyed a sausage pasta dish and the gnocchi here. I never manage to finish though as the portions are quite generous. 

Great little Italian offering a wide range of delicious dishes at very good prices.笑
Around Southbridge can seem like Italian restaurant central. However this isn't a bad thing at all. Edinburgh might not be as well known for its Italians, compared to the likes of Glasgow, but it still has a few gems. They might not be world renowned but some remain very memorable. Keep this in mind when you visit Ciao Roma.

Ciao Roma is decorated in a pseudo classical motif. "Roman" statues and figures adorn the walls and corners of this large restaurant. Whilst not original, this theme does give the restaurant a distinct aesthetic, if not somewhat taken away by some more out of place paintings and wall decorations. Despite its size Ciao Roma is a touch crowded, with a lot of tables packed in. This reveals what is at its heart, a reasonable, family friendly, unpretentious restaurant.
The staff are typically not only friendly but carry a chatty Italian charm. It's sometimes hard to tell whether they are genuine or if they are in fact displaying well develop stage personas!

One of the restaraunt's greatest charms is the upper level, called the Hispania. This part of the restaraunt is no different in what its serves but is decorated differently. Instead of the naked classical forms displayed in the main part, this section of the restaurant has a seven-seas, 18thc century pirate theme (presumably Spanish). It's really quite odd, but all the better for it. Pirate skeletons sit at tables and gazing sinisterly over the land lubber diners. Hanging up above you notice a cage, imprisoned inside another skeleton, peering down. This is clearly a favourite for children and those with child at heart.

Keeping with its less flashy feel, Ciao Roma sells Italian standards, with a range of pasta and pizzas, as well as a few more original dishes. Prices are reasonable and a student discount is offered.
A distinct restaurant, great for a family meal, student treat or just for some comforting Italian food.笑
I Love Ciao Roma!! I have been coming here for years with my family, and most recently came here last month for my graduation meal. There is always a really great atmosphere inside the restaurant, with really authentic Italian decor inside, and Italian music playing in the background. 

Ciao Roma's menu offers a huge selection of authentic Italian meals including pizzas, pastas, risotto and meat dishes. I really adore their pizzas as they have a super thin base that is always perfectly cooked with no burnt bits, and they are a really good size and will fill you up. They offer a huge selection of different pizza toppings, and they don't skimp on the toppings or cheese which is always a bonus. The last time I came here I ordered a pasta dish, gnocchi with pesto and asparagus, and it was utterly beautiful - really well cooked and there was plenty of it, but not too much to make you feel stodgy. 

Ciao Roma also serves delicious starters, their roasted peppers are especially amazing, and their desert menu looks very mouth watering and enticing. The prices are really reasonable here, with most main meals costing around £8. The staff are all Italian and highly friendly and welcoming. If you are in the mood for a great Italian meal, Ciao Roma is the place to go.笑
I always feel I am taking a big risk when I go to Italian restaurants as I often feel I am paying more than what the food is actually worth. This was no exception.
 I visited this place with a party of 6 for my flatmate's 21st birthday party as Italian food was the only food all of us liked.


 They actually have a pirate-themed section of the restaurant and asked to be seated there. The atmosphere of this area was pretty cool. There was a cage with a skeleton dangling from the ceiling and pirate statues all round. This might sound somewhat gimmicky - maybe it is but we loved it.


 The food was generally ok, but not amazing. We shared a selection of starters including garlic bread and mozzarella, pan delizio (breadsticks and bread with olive oil, garlic and chili dips) and bruschetta classica (bread with chopped tomatoes and herbs). The starters were downright disappointing - expensive for what you got. The bread with mozzarella did not even have garlic on it - it was just bread. We should have complained about it but didn't want to kick up a fuss. 
 For my main course, I had 'Gnocchi Gorgonzola e Spinaci which was rather nice and I wolfed it down, being so hungry. I also tried my friend's 'Cannelloni' and it was rather tasty. It was nothing special though. I've had better Italian food elsewhere.


 Dessert was something I'd been looking forward to all night. I was going to get a sundae but instead opted for profiteroles. Biggest mistake. The profiteroles are not what I expected. These weren't filled with Chantilly cream as I expected but some weird sweet doughy stuff. Just didn't taste right and there was so little chocolate sauce. Yet again, I should have complained. The only reason I didn't was because my friend shared her sundae as she was too full. Even the sundae wasn't up to much. I was thoroughly disappointed.


 The service that night did not even redeem the food situation. My friend asked for a glass of water to go with her wine and must have asked for it at least 4 times until she actually got it. It was the same for 2 drinks we ordered later in the night. The restaurant wasn't that busy but the service was slow. You felt a little bit invisible after a while. The guy that served us was nice enough but wasn't that attentive.


 We were just very thankful that we were obtaining a student discount of 20% for the meal, otherwise I'd have been extremely cheated. We didn't leave much of a tip though as my friend rightfully pointed out the service was rubbish.笑
This used to be my favorite production line Italian. It has recently expanded to take over premises in Drummond Street. I don't know if it is this or something else but the quality has gone through the floor.


 This is based not on one but three visits all of which were disappointing. We won't be back in a hurry - pity.笑
We wanted to like this place, but from the start that just wasnt going to happen. 

We had made a reservation, but when we walked in the place was already quite busy and it was clear that they hadnt reserved any particular table for us. We were put in a completely uncomfortable space which was wedged into a corner, RIGHT in front of a cold entrance door and backed up against another table. It was so awkward we eventually asked to move, which I dont think they were too pleased with.

The atmosphere at this place is also quite strange. One room is sort of gaudy faux Italian while the other is pirate-themed. I think this is the entrance for 'Hispanola', which is also apparently the same place. Weird. I kept staring at this poor couple next to us who were sharing their table with full-sized pirate figures. Did I say weird? Add to that it seemed they were a bit understaffed and the staff wasnt particularly friendly. Also they seemed a bit stressed based on the fact that they were very busy with the pre-theatre rush.

Sadly, the food was also underwhelming. I am not joking when I say that our main courses came out to the table in less than a minute after we ordered them. LESS THAN A MINUTE. Something is wrong with that. I get that they were probably pumping out food fast for the theatre crowd, but it should not take 30 second to make, plate and serve your food. Thats a bad sign. My homemade pasta had clearly been sitting out a while and the seafood sauce was really underwhelming, as was my partners lasagne. It was just... blah. 

In the end we just wrote up the experience to another bad British Italian. Disappointing as some of the YELPers here seem to like it so much, but based on this experience we will not be back or recommend it.笑
I first visited Ciao Roma over a year ago with my family and we have been there for regular meals ever since, testimony to both the quality of the food and the general experience.  The service strikes that unique balance between being funny and friendly but without being irritatingly over-concerned for your welfare.  The food is consistent with a wide variety of hot and cold starters, great pasta dishes, pizzas and other authentic Italian mains.  I usually have the penne della nonna; a pasta dish with a spicy sausage and tomato sauce, whilst my sister and mum regulary enjoy their ecclectic selection of pizzas.  My dad, however, ordered a pizza with jalapenos, sausage and anchovies the last time we were there, describing it as a 'wierd combination' upon eating it -  probably an acquired taste.  Nevertheless, the food is reasonably priced with most mains hovering around the 9-10 pound mark and being delicious when they arrive.  The restaurant is family-run, in a great location and has an unusually inviting atmosphere, making it well worth a look if you're in the area.  You just might want to avoid any obscure pizzas lurking on the menu!!笑
Orders: pasta& pineapple juice

 Fee: £ 10.57

 Waiting time: 5mins

 Taste: it was my birthday. In China, eating noodle is a traditional celebration,which signs healthy and live longer. I intended to have a sitting dinner. Because of the next music show, I have to take away and got changes. Thus, it took 2 hours that I had my pasta. I forgot the pasta's name, but it was a long and flat form. It was not too soft or hard to chew. I think it looks like north Chinese noodle. Then, I choose tomato source , which totally mixed into the pasta. The taste is fresh for me , cuz it different other pasta. Sorry I don't know why. I guess it is because of the source.

 Atmosphere: I got there early, so only me sitting there for dinner. The tablecloth is yellow and red spot on it. I celebrated my birthday alone and waited my dinner. A guy was painting on the wall. Suddenly, I thought I was just like carrier( the role of sex and the city) who was waiting her friend to come that Italian restaurant for celebrating her 35th birthday. You know, that feeling. Hoping someone can show up but finally not. Then, I felt happy. Cuz I maybe act my favorite book ' s main role. I think this experience will leave in the mind.cuz it was movie style and special.

Marks: I gave 5 star. Cuz that day was meaning to me. So I have to do good to my day. BTW, love the Italian style.

Ciao, ciao. 
My last me!笑
I've only had ice cream from here... apparently the winners of "Best Ice Cream in Scotland" from the Highland Show.. they don't disappoint!

Their ice cream is all made in house and they are happy to let you have tasters before you make your final choice.

Definitely pop in for a scoop or two!!笑
This restaurant was decently rated, but my experience didn't live up to the high rating. Our waiter seemed very rushed & very inattentive. He never came to refill our water, it took a long time to even find him to get the bill. Interestingly the only thing he was doing was taking orders. Other people brought the drinks, brought out the food, & cleaned up. I thought he'd be more accessible with so little to do. 

The chicken I ordered was dry, & the sauce was very overpowering. I never tasted the chicken, only felt the over cooked texture. My friend's pasta was better than my chicken, & cost half as much. Granted it was busy, but the service lacked, as did the food. 

The bright spot was the homemade ice cream. It was as advertised, but not enough to make up for the remainder of the dinner. 

With so many options nearby in Edinburgh, including many Italian restaurants, I'd look around before settling on this place, unless you're just getting ice cream.笑
I visited it a year ago with two friends, literally to enjoy a pre-theatre meal. We had to wait a bit longer than normal, the spaghetti Carbonara I ordered were delicious really. My friends said their food was ok, which doesn't give it a good credit, does it. We were in a hurry to run down Nicolson street to the Playhouse to see Mary Poppins musical performance, so we gobbled up everything we had in the plates and forgot to tip the waitress who was kind but a bit slow in service. On top of that we had to argue about student discount as they tried to make us believe the discount counts only for lunch meals, well we managed to get our discount but I don't think I will visit the place again.笑
I have to confess, I'm still on a hunt for that perfect local Italian restaurant that everyone has - the one you go to when you can't be bothered to cook but can't justify going out for a swanky meal, or just where you go because you know it's always so good.

Although I haven't found it yet in Edinburgh, Ciao Roma is definitely leading the pack after 4 years of living here. I ate here for a friend's birthday recently and I'd absolutely recommend it.

For one thing, the service was excellent. You got the impression from the efficiency of it that they are used to handling big groups of girls with copious amounts of wine, and yet they were also very patient with us and didn't rush us at all. 

The menu isn't just the usual tired pizza/pasta list that you so often see; obviously they do offer all of these things but what struck me was how many risotto dishes on offer, as well and chicken/steak-based dishes. I went for a risotto with scallops, brandy, a good helping of garlic and roast peppers (£9.95), and it really was lovely.

The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is the price of the house wine, although it wasn't by any means extortionate it was more than you'd expect in a cheap-and-cheerful italian. That said, if you're looking for an Italian place in this neck of the woods, then you could do an awful lot worse than go here.笑
My girlfriend and I stopped in because we were on our way out of town after Hogmanay and looking for lunch.  I was happy with the food, but she thought it was the best place ever. 

I thought the service was great...the people were so friendly, considerate and helpful!  However, if you're used to London or the US (like I am), any service in Edinburgh seems friendly and helpful...so take this as you wish.

I thought the food was great, the atmosphere was decent and the people were so nice.  Price wasn't bad either.  

She had the spaghetti bolognese (I had half of that) and we both loved it.  I had something I can't remember, but I think it was more of a white sauce.  It was tasty, but I liked hers better.  The traditional Bruschetta was VERY good.笑
Admittedly we were here during the Festival, so service and quality is not expected to be high. This place is simply a place for people who never have decent Italian food, and are happy with something in the neighborhood of Italian. I'd suggest a tattie or chips in a local pub for your money.笑
fine little restaurant. We were there around 14 for dessert so not many people inside. The home made  roasted hazelnut ice cream was so good! Totally a taste of hazelnut and milk. And the mocha, well tasted like choco but totally what I wanted. And service there was fast and always patient and polite. Wanna try all flavors of ice cream!笑
This scratches an itch. We came here for dinner before a show downstairs. It felt rather factory-like, with a lot of patrons and food whizzing out at a remarkable pace. Yes, it's good to have food quickly when you're in a rush but I guess you can't expect it to be lovingly crafted. 

The food was fine. I had carbonara, my boyfriend had some sort of risotto - I mean, totally acceptable, just totally forgettable too. 

I'd probably give it 3 stars if it wasn't for the off-putting decor. I don't mind the dodgy classical-style statues. It's more things like the tablecloths, which look so tacky that the entire restaurant looks like it isn't even presenting itself as mid-range.