I can't even imagine going to that "green and gold" place again!

Super friendly and absolutely delicious sandwiches!  

I ordered a typical turkey sub with provolone and it was made to perfection.  The fact that they slice the deli meat to order was the kicker for me.  The bread is perfection...soft and has great flavor.  

Do yourself a favor, have some good sense and head to Mr. Goodcents!Ǿ
The subs are fantastic but the customer service is even better. The employees are always friendly and happy to accommodate. Highly recommend.Ǿ
Today I went in to pick up my sub and it was not ready. Why?  Because I accidentally put 1 pm instead of 11 am.  The nice gentleman behind the counter assured me they can make my sub real quick and they did, and kept communication with me, that I didn't even know it was done already. Whoever made my sandwich....Was on point!!  All the ingredients evened out, just enough salt and pepper.  These guys at the 89th & Bell Rd location ROCK!!!!Ǿ
Okay, maybe more like 3.5. I used to love this place. Makes Subway taste like complete crap. Their sandwiches are still perfectly consistent here. The prices, well, they are higher than Subway now for a toasted 12". The bread is very soft and delicious and I'm a sucker for their chocolate chip cookies.

All in all, not bad. For me, it's a toss up between here and Jimmy John's.

Here's a tip though: COME HERE ON SUNDAY! Two footlongs for $8.99 is damn hard to beat.Ǿ
Easy to deliver an very prompt polite..  They have fresh ingredients an nice delivery people not quite fast as Jimmy Johns but worth the wait.Ǿ
This is an interesting sandwich place that I have tried a few times. The sandwiches are pretty good, but the prices seem a little expensive to me for what it is. I like their brownies, but the cookies weren't all that good. It can take awhile to get your sandwich, as the line didn't move very fast when I was there. The employees are friendly though and that makes for a pleasant experience.Ǿ
Wow! I will never go to Subway ever again. We've been on a Jersey Mike's kick but thought we would try out Mr. Goodcents since it's pretty close to home. When I arrived, the staff was very helpful in letting me know about their sizes, etc. since I had never been there before. 

We ended up getting a turkey sandwich and a cheesesteak. I was dying to try the pasta but that will be next time. The sandwiches were amazing; the meat was fabulous quality (sliced right there in the store!), the bread was soft and warm...they were very literally the perfect subs.

The great service coupled with the awesome food, and at a VERY reasonable price earn this restaurant 5 stars. Love it!Ǿ
Great sandwiches!  Always get the toppings right. Fresh ingredients and the breads are so good!  We always get delivery. Friendly on the phone as well as the delivery guys!!Ǿ
Goodcents is a friendly place, and the guys behind the counter are having a good time while they work. I give Five stars for service. 

The reason why we end up at three stars is based on two separate meals. 

First meal was a CBR. It was great, nearly flawless. As well as great customer service. 

The second meal was a buffalo chicken sandwich. This thing was a beautiful disaster. I can't imagine it was intended to be made so excessively. The thing was like eating bread dipped in buffalo. I wouldn't have finished it if I wasn't so hungry. None the less I did. 

So I will be giving Goodcents a third try, and I'm positive my next experience will boost them up to the full five stars. They missed the mark with this buffalo atrocity though.Ǿ
Mr. Goodcents has delicious crisp subs. The meat and cheese are cut right in front of you and the bread is made fresh. The califonia sub is my favorite.Ǿ
Absolutely the best sub I've ever had. Super fresh meat, cheese, and the softest fresh baked sub roll. Great customer service as well!!!!!Ǿ
Cheese mix, delicious love of mine.

Yep, they offer all five of their cheeses as the 'protein' for your yummy little submarine sandwich. Pretty friggin' amazing.

The service at this location can be hit or miss- but for all that ridiculous cheese, I can deal with it.Ǿ
This is by far the best quick subs shop I've been to.  not the best hot subs, but everything cold cut is fresh and delicious.  They have a garlic pepper bread that is super good and a must try.  Everything we go in to the shop the workers are friendly and even with a one it goes by quick.

I would recommend this place if you want a cold cut fresh sub sandwich.  If you're looking for hot subs or pasta, might want to try something else.  The pasta is decent for kids, but it's definitely not a reason to go there.  I've also had the meatball sub and it's just okay.

The deliver which is wonderful and also have an app for ordering.

I have nothing bad to say about this place, really.Ǿ
I had a chicken bacon ranch sub toasted. I highly recommend this sub it's great. Also they are always nice here And make me want to come back. Also I recommend their chicken Parmesan pasta it's amazing!!! Overall a good place to eat.Ǿ
Mr Goodcents is such a guilty pleasure if mine. I just love how squishy their white bread is! The bread pairs well with all of the deli meats they slice to order. 

Simple, fresh and way tastier than many of the other chain (you know who you are) sub shops.Ǿ
You would think in this shopping center that Mr Goodcents wouldn't have a chance. This shopping center is where businesses go to die. However, Mr Goodcents has stood the test of time and thankfully they are still there! The staff is super friendly and the same guys have been there for a while so the turn over rate can't be too high. The sandwiches are always fresh and I never have to wait long. I love this place!Ǿ
A surprisingly simple setup that blows air-bending slaps around it's world-wide franchise counterparts. The bread is soft and bears no resemblance to any yeasty aromas of it's SUB-par rivals while the deli meats are sliced on the spot. You can't really go wrong with that alone.Ǿ
One of my favorite Mr Goodcents in town. The owner is a super nice guy and they make a mean sandwich. Can't go wrong when you are looking for a sandwich not looking for the fuss on arrowhead mall.Ǿ
We love the breads there. They make a nice fresh sub and cut all as you order them. Good variety of all different toppings. The crew is always very nice and accommodating.  Our go to place for subs now.Ǿ
Dane was awesome. Upgraded me from the $4 special to a $5 daily special. I was feelin sick and he hooked me up with a cup of chicken broth to go. Can't say enough how much little things like that mean. I'm already here a few times a month but I'll make sure to frequent this location more.Ǿ
I do online orders to be delivered to my husband at his job. Every single order has been correct and they actually read the special instruction note. I never knew about goodcents until I got such crappy service from Jimmy johns. Fyi every order was wrong and their manager admitted his employees don't bother to read the instructions note! Anyways so glad I found goodcents! Subs are great and the service is great!