Love this little gem in Willoughby Hills. Has a great beer selection and wine for a little deli.Ǿ
Found this place on yelp when looking for a bite to eat. Their sandwiches are huge! Definitely a great value and I wish this place was closer to home. Can't go wrong!Ǿ
This place cracks me up...but there is no denying a sound sandwich.  This place is part convenience store part smoke shop part deli.  Quite the combination.  For a mere $6 expect to get the largest, and I mean the largest, sandwich you have ever seen.  I ordered the DD turkey club and no joke the bread it came on measured at least 8" long and 5" wide.  No exaggeration.  I got that sucker toasted and it was awesome.  They allegedly have great corned beef but I will let the man of the house get that because I don't do corned beef.  Great, unassuming little deli with daily specials, ice cream, smokes, and probably anything else you have the balls to ask for!Ǿ
Are you looking for a good place to grab something for a picnic at North Chagrin Reservation? We found DD on yelp and was blown away by the size, quality and great pricing of their sandwiches! It's directly across from Mario Fazio's (another great restaurant). Easy parking, good service, made to order and delicious. Nothing more to ask for.

As other reviewers have mentioned its a quirky place. Part deli, smoke shop, convenience store, nice beer and wine store and nostalgic candy store rolled into one. These are the types of store you'd find by the Islands or by a lake. 

Were going back tomorrow to experience it more! Yummmm!Ǿ
The beer and wine selection is huge, food there is out of this world. The gryo's are the best I have ever had and the corn beef sandwich is as big as my head and the price is unbelievable. The owners are so friendly they treat you like family and will help you with anything you need, they have even ordered beer and wine that I requested. I recommend this place to everyone, if you have never been there you need to stop in and check it out!Ǿ
I go to DD on a daily basis.  Tammy and Rodney are great!  Always friendly and helpful.  Their food and their deli is incredible.  The rest of the staff are awesome.  By far the greatest family owned and operated place I've ever found!Ǿ
You might have driven past this place and not known there is an awesome sandwich shop in this small plaza.

What looks like a small convenience store is actually one of the best places for incredible sandwiches and take out food.  Their portions are big and very affordable.  Everything is made fresh to order.

This is the best sandwich shop in the area by far.

The menu is extensive for a deli.  They have toasted deli sandwiches, gyros, burgers, fries, pizza, calzone, salads and an ice cream counter with scoops of home made ice cream.

The beer selection is above average too with micro brews and domestic swill all in the cooler.  Wine is available too.

Really great staff that clearly wants to make your visit pleasant and get you what you need.  All the food is packed to go since there is no seating of any kind. 

This is also the place to stop before a picnic or party.  They do party size sub's and trays too.Ǿ
A wonderful place with fantastic sandwiches, customized to your tasting. The owners are fabulous, the beer selection of six-pack and single bottle craft beers is very impressive and the food was DELICIOUS! Just passed through while traveling for the holidays and so grateful we found this hidden gem. Easy to get to right off 90/271. Highly recommend!Ǿ
My husband and I chose this as our lunch date spot one afternoon. Great corned beef.  If you are hungry before you will not be after. You get a ton of food for a good price. I took advantage of their $10 for $5 deal to give it a try. The man behind the sandwich counter was very nice and didn't miss any detail when taking our order. The food was prepared very quickly, so if you are on a lunch/dinner break time is on your side here. The owner was so nice and friendly he kept us company while we were waiting. My husband had a ton of questions on the availability of certain beers. The owner took his name down and said he would call him when the beer was in stock. I would go back again and again.Ǿ
Friendly hard working crew that always try to have a lot of options for the customers. Prices are very reasonable too. Support your local business ownerǾ
Best corned beef sandwich ever. Also great fresh cut steaks to take home. Great wine selection if they don't have it they will order it for you. Ask owner for his special one of a kind stuffed sandwich like a calzone but Better. They also make a great breakfast sandwich and spicy chicken sandwich.Ǿ
Great service  however I'm not a fan of the CB very salty and does not have the brisket like texture I am accustomed to.Ǿ
Okay, so I will make this short and sweet.  Best dang Corned Beef sandwich (and any other deli sandwich) in or around Cleveland.  The Double D is huge, fresh, juicy and awesome.  Only issue I had was the bred was a little on the dry side and was a little tough to manage.  But manage I did.  Had to save 1/2 for the following day.

It is a bit confusing when you go in.  Part Deli, part Ice Cream shop, part liquor store and part convince store.  So just roll with it.  It is awesome.  I believe they also have great lunch specials.