I'm not even sure where to begin. We arrived around 6:30 and were told there would be a 40 minute wait. That quickly turned into an hour and a half. At that point a worker that was not on the clock started clearing tables because he couldn't stand how long they had been sitting there dirty. There were also a bunch of open tables with nobody seated and a list of people that needed to be seated. One of the bartenders seemed super nervous. I asked for the beer list, or what they had in bottles, and she became very unsure of what to do. We eventually grabbed a table on our own and then sat there for a good half hour before service came. She took our order and then the waiting continued. After a while she brought us an order of curds for free because of the long wait. She eventually came back to let us know she forgot to put our order in. Five minutes later we left with our order to go. They comped it, but it was a solid 3 hours of pure chaos. The staff was really chaotic and unorganized. Nobody knew what to do or what other people were doing. The owner was in the kitchen and on the floor serving when she should have been managing and keeping people on task. We love this place in the summer. When everything is outside in they backyard, but this was our first and last fish experience. The service was awful, the staff was unsure of what to do, and the food orders were underwhelming. Do not order the catfish. We got three pieces, but I think they were half pieces that fell apart. There was literally almost no fish. We got the wrong sides. The chips were uber oily, and they filed the plastic to go cups about an eighth full of tartar sauce so we ran out immediately. Like I said I love the backyard in the summer, but I'd skip the fish. At least until they get their shit together.Ǿ
Just got married here,  the management and staff were so helpful and easy to work with! And the location can't be beat! Beautiful views and, access to the lawn.  Thanks so much for being a part of our special night!Ǿ
Pssst. Tiki Bar nights. Limited selection but darned fun with one of the best views in Madison. If you don't believe it then all the more for me!Ǿ
Sunset at the tiki bar is as good as it gets besides the Union!Ǿ
Perhaps 50 years ago institutional food was served with white tablecloths and cloth napkins; so if you are seeking a great place to entertain grandma, head on over to the East Side Club for the "famous"  Crandalls fish fry.  Two plates of cod, fries and the  iceberg garden salads complete with one half wedge of tomato and two rings of onion, 2 beers and tip $50.Ǿ
I'm sorry, but how can you call yourself a "tiki bar" if the bartender doesn't even KNOW what a Mai Tai is, let alone how to make it. You pay a cover of $5 to basically have access to awesome views of the the city and Lake Monona. The bar staff were very rude. The only upside is we were able to get our $5 cover fee returned to us, because we left as soon as we learned there were no Mai Tai's to be had. It's a shame! Awesome location, but mediocre service. I'll give it two stars because I feel like the live music, views, and other vendors that were present to purchase food from weren't really a part of the issue at hand - it's the East Side club staff that ruined the experience for my friend and I.Ǿ
I wanted to love this venue as it was close to where I grew up and my parents used to attend their fish fry often. The entire building is very outdated, not in a charming way. During the approximately 10 months after booking and before our wedding day we worked with 4 different event managers due to turnover. Most of our plans had not been saved other than a few emails we had so we needed to rehash the plan with each new manager. The owner/board member was rude and unprofessional. He stated that he does not give money back because all of the brides just want discounts for everything. The small freebies he offered as a consolation for poor service/experience ended up being charged on our final invoice (eventually corrected). The slightly lower room rental rate quickly rises since they charge a fee for any of their existing decor as well as the bridal "suite" which is a storage room with a bathroom, table, and couch on the bottom floor only. I would highly suggest paying for a more expensive facility that includes a reliable event manager and offers existing onsite decor at no charge. The final event manager we worked with was pretty good but did not make up for all of the rest. I would not recommend this venue for any event, especially a wedding.Ǿ
We just hosted our daughter's wedding at the East Side Club and they did an excellent job.

Everything was set up as we asked. We had reserved the upper part of the building and the views were absolutely amazing. The ceremony was on the lawn, lakeside and it suited our needs well. They even cleaned the goose poop off the dock so that the wedding party could take pictures.

The manager Jen was easy to get a hold of to answer questions and was very helpful with all of the details.

Our bartenders Jon and Angie were amazing. Any question or concern that I had they were ready to assist in any way that they could.

Thank you for making our daughter and son-in-law's day a success.Ǿ
I like the Tiki bar in the back and their food is ok. Mostly like them for their location and view of downtown.Ǿ
Tickets were $40 for all you can eat and certain drinks.  A lot of restaurants here with awesome bites of food.  I only made it through 1 of 3 levels before I got  full.  2 more hours to go so I can work up another appetite...lol.  It was a but idyl day and awesome event.  I will certainly attend next year.  The event was from 3-6 p.m.  We got there a little after 3 and the parking lot was full.  Had to park across the street down in the neighborhood.Ǿ
Wednesday night BINGO is a BLAST. My friends and I go every so often and have so much fun. Cheap food & drinks - plus tons of great people watching and of course - the occasional win! Overall - really cheap, hilariously fun entertainment. Dobbers are $1 each, and cards range from $6 - $18 depending on how many squares you want.Ǿ
Love going to fish fry, tiki bar and sunset series. They have really improved over the years, and it is a great experience.Ǿ
the tiki bar is fun! (open in the summer every night from 4p-10p with the exclusion of possible friday and saturday night weddings that rent it out privately)

but the fish fry on friday nights is definitely worth skipping. cold, bland food for too much money. full of elderly people, which usually means it's just bland and cheap, but it was $24 for my husband and i to have the buffet (which is the only option on fridays, don't know about other days). i love fish frys and this one was highly disappointing.

BUT i'm still giving this place 4 stars because the back yard and tiki bar are pretty stellar and they have a sunday brunch that i'd still like to try out. i wouldn't go there for dinner again though, but if you want to drink a beer and sit by the lake (assuming that you don't already live on a lake), this is the place to go! friendly staff and gorgeous views of the capitol, especially at night.Ǿ
"We'll never go there again". Literally these are the words we just exchanged after getting home.  Maybe if something about it was good.. The service? No. Terrible. We got our salad, waited 15 minutes, got our wine and then 39 second later, our fish. Maybe if the salad was good? No, the "wedge" was lettuce, carrots and bacon. The fish fry? Tasteless and Luke warm. The only good thing about this place was the nice older bartender who served our bottle of wine in a beer pitcher :)