How I adore Maizie's...this is what CenPho is all about!

You have a nice interior that makes this nerd feel hip, and when weather permits a freakin' sweet patio for me to watch light rails drive back in forth without a care in the world.

You have a great selection. Gourmet hamburgers...epic salads...even pizzas! My mood for food can change on a whim...and you've got a lot covered, using great ingredients. 

Even when I'm feeling cheap, you're not beyond my grasp. Your happy hour is amazing, and because of it I'll never ever go back to the Applebee's down the street. $3 beers and wines? $5 apps? Delicious, like the $4 burgers on Monday that are simple, but oh-so good. I thoroughly enjoyed the Hoegaarden on tap, and your selection of chardonnay. $12 for a bottle? Yes, yes, yes.

Service was also swift, and everyone was nice. And me and my lady friend agree: You have really cute staff! 

Good eats, good view, great menu. 5 stars.笑
$4 burgers on Mondays! Check it out. The $4 is the Bistro Burger, a standard burger with all the fixings. Unfortunately, cheese will cost you another dollar, and so will substituting sweet potato fries (but they are soooo worth it, oh dear lord, upgrade to the sweet potato fries and do a little dance while you eat them). 

Sitting outside on the patio, looking at the tall buildings surrounding you and the light rail with its friendly beep as it passes by, it feels just the way Phoenix should always feel, like a hip metropolis instead of a sprawl!笑
ROJO DE LA CASA!! I repeat: ROJO DE LA CASA!  Go there for brunch, and don't remove your buns from the seat until you've ordered, eaten, and without a doubt, fallen in LOVE with this dish.  I enjoy this place for many reasons: centrally located, great specials (drinks, apps, and weekly and daily entree specials), and I've never had bad service here, which in and of itself is a miracle these days and enough to make me like this place.  But the rojo :), which is a flour tortilla open faced, topped with a delicious blend of red chili sauce, CHUNKS of falling apart meat, potatoes, cheese and eggs to finish it off.  I mean, seriously?!  If I could eat this every morning I would.  The selection is great and creative, and they have an amazing wine, beer and liquor selection.  The only downfall is the parking situation, which is possible but inconvenient, and totally worth it :).笑
There are things about Mazie's that I just love. Like the sandwiches, expecially the turkado... It is exactly what it sounds like and delish. The breakfast burrito is amazing and covered in gravy. The benedict plates are okay. The hollandaise isn't my favourite and the eggs aren't poached... sad face. But so far... Everything else I have had there has been pretty amazing. Breakfast pizza has an egg on it... EGG! (If you like your eggs runny, order them sunny side up. The over easy eggs were overcooked) Also I love the sweet potato fries here. My favourite! 

The wait staff is always super friendly. Always quick to pick up plates and refill glasses. I love the ambiance. Lovely little signage hanging on the wine rack: Wine a little, you'll feel better. Thought that was really rad. 

There's not much else I can say about Mazie's that hasn't been said. Cool place to grab brunch or watch some football at the bar.笑
There are two things that keep Maizie's from being five star in my book:

1 - It is so warm that I felt like I was having early onset menopause
2 - They are in an unfortunate location if you are going northbound on Central, because you have to flip a biatch

Here are the things that make Maizie's pretty awesome:

1 - $3 Burger Night Monday
2 - $3 Beers during HH
3 - $5 Bruschetta (that is freaking amazing)
4 - Awesome bathroom with tasty smelling orange lotion
5 - Cool looking bar
6 - Big, open windows
7 - Cool Aesthetics
8 - Kung Fu Girl Riesling
9 - Friendly, accommodating staff (especially for our large party)
10- Lot's of options for everything: Food, Wine, Beer

I really liked Maizie's a lot and I cannot wait to be back :)笑
Another of my most favorites! The food is always great, they have great drinks and the patio is cute and laid back. I love the fact the have a sign that says they accept everyone! :)笑
Maizie's was our first stop on the Urban Wine Walk this weekend. The wine was good but their pizza and bruschetta bites were great. The service was friendly not to mention easy on the eyes. ;-) 
I love the atmosphere of the restaurant as well, friendly, and casual with a nice patio as well. We are most definitely going back to Maizie's soon.笑
First off let me say that Yelp needs a better mobile app.  

This post was back in june.
-------------
Had loco moco today (end of june)... not to bad..... Waited an hour to get it prepared. We came at open and it was not ready, but the Manager took care of us during the wait.笑
This cafe that is within walking distance from our place. We usually walk there for the Monday evening three dollar and fries special. Who can't love that kinda deal!? Be warned though, when the weather is nice, the place can get packed! We waited half an hour for a table for four. The burger is pretty good. Ha it's an extra buck if you want cheese. The staff is pretty friendly. I also enjoy the happy hour drinks and appetizers.笑
Mazies is a great place to meet friends and have mimosas on the patio on the weekends. The food is always good. My favorite thing on the menu is the breakfast pizza. The service is always great.笑
One word can sum up my experience at Maizie's- Unremarkable. 

The restaurant is a cute place, and I really wanted to like it. 

The service was slow. Our server would disappear for long periods of time, leaving us with empty glasses, and we watched as other tables got their food, even though we had ordered before them. I am not sure what is so difficult about making a sandwich, but clearly there was some rocket science type stuff going on back there that caused a 25 minute wait for the food.

I had the veggie burger with fries, and my sister had a salad with ancho orange dressing and a cup of potato soup. 

I didn't try the salad, but the dressing was described to me as "tinted mayonnaise with no flavor". The thick and chunky potato soup got a better response- it was actually really good. 

About the veggie burger...kudos to Maizie's for making them in-house, but for crying out loud- could you give them some flavor, please? I now understand why the burger is served with apricot tzatziki and red onion marmalade- without them, the burger is tasteless. Ah well, the fries were good. 

One more nit picky thing that drives me crazy about this place- spelling errors on the menu. Seriously, there isn't a computer today that doesn't come with some form of spell check. Use it. 

I doubt I will be back to Maizie's. Nothing about the visit thrilled me.笑
Maizie's used to be a weekly staple for me.  I'm a huge capicolla fan and Maizie's features the Salad Milano and the Chef Mike's Favorite Pizza that load up on it.  Their burgers were also on my nom list.  So you may ask, "why the low score?"

I grabbed about $40 of take out from Maizie's the other day around 10pm (1 hour before close).  Included was the Chef Mike's Favorite Pizza.  It was bad beyond what any restaurant should in good conscious serve.  The entire top of the pizza was burnt.  It was covered in garlic (several layers thick) with pyramids of garlic in some spots.  There were sections piled up to a half a centimeter high in garlic.  I like garlic and all; but come on.  Not only was it disappointingly inedible.  It was so pungent it actually had to be removed from the house immediately and tainted all the other food.

I was a Maizie's regular.  I'm a pretty quiet guy and keep to myself.  I tip well on take-out and dine-in (20%-25%).  I can't imagine that I might have offended someone who works here.  But this was bad beyond what I would consider to be just an accident.  There is just no way it ever could have gotten past even rudimentary quality control.  It was a single dining experience so noteworthy that it completely turned me off to this place.

2 stars because it was good before it got so amazingly bad.笑
I've been to Maizie's twice now, once for dinner and another for a drink with a few (or a lot) of friends. I haven't been disappointed yet. 

Their drink menu is incredible. Lots of yummy items to choose from. I've seen great specials on wine and sangria. However, if you want a drink that is not on their special menu, it will be just as amazingly delicious but a little pricey. Their pom mojito is incredible and has agave and pomegranate. 

The food is delicious, but nothing super spectacular. My dinner included a cup of their gumbo and the quesadilla. The gumbo wasn't the gumbo I was used to (it was a pretty runny rather than thicker) but it was good. The cup was so huge I wasn't able to finish it. I was able to order the quesadilla without tomato which always makes me happy. It was also delicious. I loved the combination of the spinach wrap and pine nuts and cheese. Mmm. 

The place is a little awkward to get to and fairly small. On the upside though it does have cute decor once you are there.笑
One word Terrible!  The only taste in my mouth is bitterness.  Unfortunately, the service was so bad it ruined the meal. Celebrating my friends birthday, instead of service we were ignored. Then to sum it up, we were charged the wrong bill and then charged again because the server realized her mistake. Therefore,  double charged and overcharged. Instead of an apology, we got, oh well, funds will only be held a few days. In conclusion, if you want to ruin your birthday,  go here!笑
Awesome brunch spot. Awesome $3 Bloody Mary. Awesome service. One of the most poorly executed menus ever. (Likely, this doesn't matter to most diners, but there were so many erroneous apostrophes my eyes hurt. Or maybe that was the Comic Sans font it was typed in.)

Menu aside, portions were generous, servers were nothing but friendly, outdoor patio was comfortable and warm, thanks to noontime sun and some heaters. I ate salmon cakes with eggs over easy on ciabatta -- loved it. The breakfast potatoes that come with the omelets also looked delicious. But please, Maize's, for the love of the English language (and your restaurant, because I really enjoyed eating there), a proofreader would behoove you.笑
My partner and I ate at Maizie's over Christmas break and coming back out for Spring Break reminded me to write this review and go back.  When we went at Christmas, everything was wonderful.  We started with the buffalo chicken dip and moved on to burgers and sweet potato fries.  I love their sweet potato fries.  We also were there for happy hour and enjoyed having a Hoegarden at a great price.  We always look forward to visiting Maizie's.  The staff is very friendly and well trained.笑
One of our favorite places to hang in the neighborhood! Good comfort food and personable service! Great wines and we love the buffalo dip ... Major yummy!!!笑
Get there early and put yourself on the list because it gets packed on Monday nights!  I just found out  they don't take reservations. 
It's also hard to find parking, so you might have to park in the gravel  lot across the street from Hula's. 
As far as the food; I'm not really a burger person, but their $3 burgers on Mondays are definitely a good value. 
The sweet potato fries were delish. I definitely enjoyed them.
4 stars for good specials, good service and good, friendly environment.笑
I'm old. So when the family roars that that we simply must try the new, hip, central Phx hangout, replete with twenty and thirtysomethings and focal wine rack, the blood kinda drains from my face. OK, I sigh. Let's get this phony, elitist jive over with.  Long waits. Gum chewing, drink pushing service. Overpriced food that looks and sounds better than it tastes. 

Well, mares eat oats and does eat oats, but little Maizies aint too "jivey". 

It's one of those tiny places without a foyer, so I open the front door and am smack dab self conscious. Ask for a menu, before my party arrives, and slip outside to review. Very friendly girl obliges. Once assembled, she offered three seating options: patio ( a little too warm), the bar (lumbar too old) and community table, which I immediately grab, having mastered the concept of ignoring adjacent strangers in elevators, bathrooms and at Motor Vehicles. 

We had three non-exotic but terrific dinners.  Wife sighed over  salmon and pasta. Teenaged chili expert gave a big thumbs up to that and his chicken sandwich.   And I was really, really impressed with my Italian sub panini. Quality bread. Dense meats and cheese, perfectly dressed, marvelous texture and variety of tastes in every bite. Sandwich on par with Houston's and better than anything I've had at Pane Bianco or Corbin's (see other reviews). The noodle kugel didnt wow me but was unusual and a fun thing to have on the menu.  

Overall, we received Houston's lunch quality (or very close to it), for two thirds the price, and were very pleased.  Server was first rate; mature, friendly, not pushy at all and reasonably attentive. Made us feel right at home. 

The space tries too hard to be eclectic and hip, imo, but that's what kids want today, so whatever. Flat screens show sports, but not a sports bar vibe at all since the sound was muted; I'm a fan and barely knew they were there. 

I withheld the fifth star only because this place was the noisiest restaurant I can remember being trapped in. Not music. Just Friday night people noise, bouncing off the concrete floors into my ear canals. Had to basically yell at companions all night and couldnt hear half their responses. Again, that's what the kids want, I guess, so carry on. Other than that, I was pleasantly surprised and impressed with Maizies in every way, and have my eye on a quieter, cooler patio table for next time. Maybe around the holidays. Perfect time to ignore more nearby strangers.笑
When I first heard the word of mouth about this place I rolled my eyes. My expectations were that it was going to be a "Little Scottsdale" spot downtown or that I'd walk in and find a bunch Reagan look-a-likes in suits drinking tall ones and discussing synergy. Well, needless to say, I found neither of those two nightmares awaiting me.

I've been to Maizie's a couple of times now and I've yet to be disappointed. All of their food is surprisingly well-priced considering the portions you get, taste, and presentation. I had an order of the hummus as wells as the Southwest Chicken Salad. The hummus was standard but the Southwest Salad was one of the best I've had. Another time I ordered the Chicken Asiago Alfredo which wasn't too heavy but definitely hit the spot. Their selections of beers is also pretty solid. I've yet to go there for happy hour though.

With that being said, I've also got to give Maizie's props for creating a laid back atmosphere. It's nice being in a place that if it has a busy dinner hour you don't have to raise your voice to hold a conversation. It's the perfect spot to go for a late dinner. In all, Maizie's is an enjoyable experience that definitely calls for multiple visits.笑
I finally made it to Maizie's for lunch last Tuesday.  It was hopping, but my party of 2 got lucky and didn't have to wait for a table to open up.  We received a warm welcome and all of the staff including our waitress, Sarah, and Maizie herself went out of their way to make sure we were happy with our experience.  This place defines a locally owned boutique restaurant... it's great!

The space is small, but adorable!  Very hip and modern yet has a laid back and fun energy going on.  There were a mix of people (young and old, business and casual) enjoying their lunches while we were there.  Although we didn't indulge, the wine list looked extensive for such a small place, so I'll have to return for that!  

I ordered the Krazy Kobb salad - it was a really big portion.  I will admit, I didn't love the oriental salad dressing, but Sarah brought out the sherry vinaigrette as an alternative that I liked better.  I think I will try something different next time though; it still didn't blow me away.  I am sure it won't be a problem finding something since their menu is pretty diverse.  Maybe I should've taken advantage of the fact that I was there on a Tuesday - they have a 'Taco Tuesdays' special where you can order $2.50 tacos that are served with rice & beans, $2.50 Dos XX and Corona, and $3.50 margaritas!

So, Maizie's had great energy and plenty of food/drink to choose from.  I don't think i ordered right this first visit, but you live and learn.  I look forward to returning to try some of the other menu items; maybe even Sunday Brunch!笑
We went here for a nice night out. The service was a bit slow. It was ok food but it made us a bit sick. We had the chicken with romaine hearts and t bone steak. Broccoli was good though.笑
Lunch was delicious, as usual. I had the bruschetta trio for the first time and I couldn't find anything wrong with it, much as I tried to. Not even the onions bothered me. And if you know me, you know how much I hate onions. But their bruschetta was so full of all my favorite flavors I couldn't even complain about the onions. Now that's saying something.笑
Spent Sunday early afternoon on the patio, drinking mimosa's and nibbling off my husbands plate, and had a great time! This "bistro"  is very cute, very affordable and has $3.00 mimosa's or $15 for a bottle (good deal) Everything on the table looked yummy, and everyone I was with was satisfied.  For sure I will be back, and I am already excited about it!笑
This place is urban, hip, and very trendy at the same time.  I can't say anything bad about this place.  Service is great, food is spectacular, drinks are wisely chosen, and the vibe will keep you coming back!笑
Inside and outside seating. Great service. They have an awesome deal of a Bistro burger and fries for under $5. Better than take out. Nice to meet up with friends.笑
I like Maizie's, used to love it though.  I have only been there for brunch and a couple of years ago I raved about the place.  I don't want to go into too much detail, but the brunch menu will not disappoint.  The corned beef eggs benedict was just perfectly cooked and presented.  I don't eat bread, so I swapped out extra hash browns for the muffin and got no hassle at all.  

The reason I decided to write this review is because of the god awful bloody mary.  The recipe for the Maizie's spicy bloody mary must go something like this; small glass mostly filled with ice cubes and water, a dash of V8, a handful of black pepper and maybe a drop or two of watered down vodka or no vodka at all.  Each slurp on the straw was a mouthful of cold watery black pepper!  I did not smell, taste or detect any alcohol. or tomatoe juice for that matter  Just disgusting.  I think a spicy bloody mary should be more opaque than clear, it should look red or reddish, it should taste like tomato and hot peppers, it should come with a stalk of celery and a few dashes of black pepper, lastly, there should be enough vodka in the drink so I leave the place a little less sober than when I walked in.  The glass was pretty small to begin with and so packed full of ice, it really couldn't hold much more than half a jigger anyway, so would it kill you guys to use a heavier hand with your rail liquor?  Such a shame.笑
I want to start off by saying how great our service was here.  Unfortunately I can't remember the name of our server, but we were greeted and seated promptly and pleasantly, then given tasters of champagne and wine before deciding on a bottle.  She gave great suggestions on the food menu and kept us smiling throughout the whole meal.  Service is so often overlooked that it was nice to see someone in a good mood for once!

The food just made the experience even better.  I got the chicken sandwich and split the tangy turkey.  Both were amazing.  We also saw some of their stuffed burgers and vowed to return asap to try them!

The patio was relaxing and the price was reasonable too ($10 off bottles of wine on Mondays!)

All in all a wonderful place to go.  I'd say add some music on the patio though, or maybe turn it up? I just remember hearing everyone's conversations from across the patio!笑
Monday night burger specials. Enough said. $5, gourmet burger. Their fries...to die. The dip that comes with....you're dead. The servers are always friendly.

If you go on Monday be prepared to wait. I'm pretty sure it's everyone's favorite night. Why wouldn't it be?

The pixy stick martini will push your idea on this place beyond what you thought was possible. It's so sweet, but not too sweet. Delicious! 

Location is good, close to other spots in phoenix. Parking can be tough because there are only like 7 in front of the restaurant. 

The ambiance is laid back and cute lighting with tea lights. The servers are always great!

You will be happy you stopped in here!笑
Maizie's is right across from our church, so it's a convenient option when our bellies are growling well before the homily.  It gets super busy and loud after 10 or 10:30, so this is best earlier.  Their menu has some interesting, creative options, like the breakfast pizza or turkey avocado benedict.  Had a really hard time deciding what to order last Sunday - all the options seemed heavy and nothing seemed to fit the bill.  Settled on the lox and bagel, and it was pretty standard but seemed way overpriced ($15).  I do enjoy their coffee- the best part of weekend brunch.笑
Often a go-to for us as it's right off of the light rail. Great for brunch and dinner. They have a great patio and awesome fries. The sangria is delicious, mildly sweet and generously poured. Monday nights is usually bumpin with their burger special. The tuna salad and the salmon burger ($14?!) are awesome and while I'm more of a vodka drinker, my love enjoys the wine of the month; get the punch card!笑
Finally had dinner there the other night after only stopping in for drinks a few times. Food was fantastic, service was great. 

My only two issues are parking and its a bit cramped. The owner is on site and very friendly, he like to get to know his patrons and gives the place a communal atmosphere.

Stop in and give them a try, I'll be back again!笑
Love this place. Great and fun staff, food is super super good, make your own mimosas on the weekends is great! Quality to price ratio is great. Would recommend to anyone笑
Is a good place to go have a nice meal, dinner or lunch is fun... relax ambient, if your looking just for a good place to enjoy yourself and your company this is a good restaurant to go.笑
I met Roxy for wine and pizza Tuesday evening.  I showed up at about 6:20pm and the place was packed!  The place is little, but adds to the charm.  They don't win any interior decorating awards, but it is cute enough.  We sat at a two-top right in between two other two-tops.  We even chatted with our neighbors a bit.  It seemed the others were regulars.  Server Ed was super friendly too.

When I arrived, Roxy had already ordered me a glass of wine and a pizza.  So I did not look at their menu.  Doesn't matter though- the pinot grigio was very tasty and on happy hour I believe.  The pizza was very, very delicious.  Great crust and sauce and their version of the Margarita pizza was spot on.  Traditional tomato, basil, and mozzarella, with added pancetta.  it was fabulous. It was a perfect summer dinner for 2 ladies.

I'm sure we will be back soon, it's nice to break up the Postino's trips now and then.笑
Oh Maizie's, I've always had a love/hate relationship with you. 

My first visit to Maizie's had me hunting for their Inside Out cheeseburgers. I'd heard raves and praises. I was psyched.

Meh. Nothing special. In fact, it was a bit of a disaster. The more I ate, the more I felt like a 5-year-old had invented this concept. It's not as good as it sounds. Believe me.

The service was equally disappointing. 

After pleas from my staple dining companion, I went back for an afternoon lunch and cocktail. What a turnaround! Great Blackened Steak Salad. It paired nicely with a honey bourbon concoction. Packs a nice savory/sweet punch! Service still sucked, but I was willing to overlook it. Phoenix ambiance, snobby Scottsdale-like service. 

I went back several times for the salad and cocktail. It was on my dining rotation. 

Then, recently, we decided to grab takeout. Bad idea. The server on the other end of the phone sounded annoyed that we were calling! She barked that they weren't serving the salad any longer. Mmm, okkkay. Snap decisions led me to their regular burger, hoping that I wouldn't regret. I also was willing to forgive the crappy service. Maybe she was slammed?

Arrive for pickup. Sure enough, slammed. Ok, ok. I'll let it go. Excited to enjoy my burger, I dive in immediately after arriving home. 

Meh. In fact, below meh. Delux, it was not. Floppy ciabatta bread, greasy burger, plain and underwhelming. In fact, I would've preferred my grandmother's  burger. And believe me, my Salvadoran grandmother made HORRIBLE burgers. 

Maizies, unless I'm dining or drinking with a crowd and overruled, you won't be seeing me anytime soon.笑
My wife and I recently visited on MON 12.22.08. We were there for the $3 burger and $10 off bottle of wine. Sat at the community table. Nice spot to check out crowd stuck inside by the rain. Glad to see such a vibrant setting just 1/2 mile north of our house. Thanks to Miller's for taking the leap of faith and setting up shop in our 'hood'. Hope they keep doing well. Staff was helpful. That with good food is the winning combo! We were impressed! First, but certainly not last visit.笑
On an ozone warning evening myself and 4 friends sat inside for the Monday $3.00 burger deal. It's been said they've tried to knock down the sound volume with rugs and some fabric, but of little help. 

Regardless, it's a fantastic burger and a great bargain and with wines by the bottle $10. off it made quite a nice evening. Expect on Mondays at the least to wait about 10-15 minutes for a table, but service was efficient and excellent. 

REMEMBER, EVEN WITH A DISCOUNTED MEAL, THE SERVICE IS NOT DISCOUNTED. TIP YOUR WAITSTAFF AS THOUGH THERE WAS NO DISCOUNT! And you will be appreciated.

Cheers!笑
As I knew I would, I returned to Maizie's to enjoy a more full experience and I was, to say the least, not at all disappointed. I had the "fish and chips" lunch special, served with a delicious (but incongruous, I felt) salsa made with tomatoes, pineapples and cilantro. It was wonderful... and not typical. It was flounder, deliciously prepared but less bar food-y and more bistro food-y. The fries were competent, but kicked up with the chipotle mayo sauce - they were out of this world! My wife had the "Maizie's Club" sandwich, which she described as the best club sandwich she had ever had (she seems to say this sort of thing a lot, but she's pickier than you might imagine, so I'm always impressed when I hear it). We started with the artichoke dip and I was as impressed this time around as last. I had a beer but the wife had the huckleberry... I don't remember but it was like an alcoholic liquid sweet tart. Wonderful! I'm certain we will be back.笑
Revising my review as I ate here again last night and it was not that great.
I had a strawberry fields salad with a lemon chicken breast. 

The salad was ok, although there weren't many strawberries in it, but the chicken they served on top of it was not good. It had an artificial texture,  like a processed chicken breast portion. For $16, it should have tasted a lot better.

I don't go here much anymore, mostly because the dinner menu bores me. They haven't added anything new in a long time and the handful of things they make besides burgers and sandwiches are unremarkable.笑
OMG,  I haven't reviewed Maizie's yet?

This place is delish.  It reminds me of the bistro I used to work at in college.  They have a great menu, with sandwiches, pizza, appetizers...pasta maybe?  Their wine selection is fantastic.

Their happy hour is nice...

I am just glad to have a solid restaurant in the neighborhood (light rail, anyone?) that has normal restaurant hours (i.e. they are open past 9p).  

I'd love to try brunch here sometime.

This is technically 2nd hand information, but my husband swears they have the best Italian sandwich he has ever had.  :)笑
A-Maiz-Ing!  I have so many friends who do lunch here, and have been wanting to try this place for quite some time.  I had some Scottsdale friends who were venturing to this side of the 51, and one of them suggested grabbing brunch here.  We went in mid-morning on a Saturday and were seated immediately.  As I glanced around, I noticed many of the people appeared to have finished eating already and were just hanging out and enjoying drinks.  $3 dollar mimosas and bloody marys with a meal is an awesome deal, and a great way to enjoy your brunch.  After reading through the menu for quite some time I was having a tough choice deciding between breakfast and lunch.  This is in fact one of the tough decisions to be made when having brunch.  Breakfast?  Lunch?  Both?  I finally decided to go with lunch and ordered the Uptown Caprice with a side of french fries, and of course a mimosa!  We ordered a plate of the Spinach Arty Dip served with both chips and pita bread for the table which didn't disappoint.  The pepper jack gave this dip a nice kick of flavor.  As my growling stomach watched all the delicious plates come out from the kitchen, I anxiously awaited the arrival of my sandwich.  This was one of the best sandwiches!  The spinach added a different flavor I haven't previously encountered in other caprese sandwiches.  And the balsamic was divine!  My only regret is ordering french fries instead of sweet potato fries.  It was all I could do to keep my hands to myself, and not grab  some off of my friends plate!  Needless to say I will be back here soon to further debate with myself the infamous question of breakfast or lunch!  French toast...I've got my eye on you!笑
Had the best breakfast with some friends here on Saturday. The place is hip and modern, with an eclectic menu and 100's of choices. I opted for the breakfast special and was in hog heaven (ham).

Oh, I also hear they offer their house burger for $3 on mondays??? Wow!笑
I've been to Maizie's for brunch, lunch and drinks.  The lunch portions and pricing are great.  I live within walking distance of this spot so sometimes I have to keep myself away.  I love the fresh cut fries...the sweet potato fries are my favorite but all of them are great even the plain ones.  Short of five stars because the service is hit or miss.  My waitress during my most recent lunch visit was very "into" the table next to ours and not so attentive to my table.  I've been hearing rave reviews about the $4 burger special on Mondays.  I'll have to update this review when I give it a try.笑
We were looking for a place for a quick lunch where our pup could join us.  We gave Maizie's a call, they said dogs are welcome on the patio, if they are nice.
So, we took our dog home, because she is a terror.  Just kidding, She's nice, she meets the requirements... unless you're a bicycle, then she will try to rip your tires off... not sure why.
Anyway, it was a lovely day on their patio.  It's a very nice patio, and they even bring your pup its own bowl of water. Classy touch.
I had the Cenpho press with a Caesar salad.  Very good, but ooey gooey cheese is rarely a disappointment.
The husband had the Blue burger, he ordered regular fries, they brought sweet potato.  Our fabulous waitress brought out the correct fires immediately, and I see why they mistake was made, who would get regular old potato fries when the sweet potato ones are so good?  They pup and I shared some of those, while my husband enjoyed his regular fries and burger.
Services was friendly, it's a nice place, and the food was good.  We will be back.笑
Well let's see it is 4:25 am so it was yesterday I went to Mazie's for lunch with a couple of friends. 

Had not been before, but will go back. 

I like the brightness of the place and easy seating. It is not cute or pretty but rather haphazard in style. 

I had the bluburger and a cup of split pea soup, oh and french fries. 

The soup, if it had been placed in front of me and I did not know what It was, split pea would not have come to mind. Oh do not get me wrong, it was very tasty and I enjoyed all the same. It was sweet and that in it self is odd for split pea. It has a variety of ingredients one usually does not find. Although I would order it again because as I said, it was good. 

The burger was cooked as I ask and was just fine. The Blue cheese was a bit weak in flavour. I did not have to spit it out so I was just spiffy doodle. 

I was told the fries were good. Were they, or were they just salty. I am not sure, but then again I am not a french fry person for the most part. 

The water was fab. 

The service was slow, for us anyway. Three sets of folks came well after us and were half through their meals when we got ours. My eating mates noticed this more than I and were rather put off about it. I on the other hand just did not care. 

I suspect I will be back at some point in time. Assuming both Mazie's and I survive the future. 

Below it is asking if this place is good for kids. I say a resounding NO, keep your stinky noisy kids away from me. 

It is also asking about take out, yes take the kids out. 

And as for attire, please be kind and dress. Few of us could show up naked and still be able to hold the food down. 

I think I am done.笑
Maizie's (note: whoever started this review thread spelled her name incorrectly) is an AWESOME place.  Very friendly, good food with ample portions, and a wonderful bar/wine selection.   It's a relaxed and pleasant atmosphere - although - it can be overrun at times by the residents of the Landmark Condominiums, because it's on the ground floor right there.   But I can't blame them for hanging out somewhere that they can simply stumble home!    It's a fun place, try it.笑
Maizie's, I will miss you. I had my last meal today there since I will be moving from the Valley next week. Of course I had to get my two favorite items on the menu one last time: basil pesto bruschetta and the groovy grilled cheese. The bread for the bruschetta is always perfectly toasted and the groovy grilled cheese found the perfect blend of brie, apple and bacon.

I only got to go to Maizie's once for brunch, but it was delicious. I really enjoyed my omelet with feta, cheddar and black olives. It's actually making my mouth water now thinking about it. I guess I better learn to cook so I can make it for myself. Mimosas are $3 and I have heard that they even have pitchers of mimosa during brunch!

This is a great neighborhood spot and I am going to miss it!笑
I was shocked when I discovered I hadn't yet reviewed Maizie's.  Time to fix that.

I have a bit of a crush on Maizie's.  Well, a bit more than a crush, really.  With the exception of one app, I have thoroughly enjoyed everything I've tried here.  The sweet potato fries are definitely the best I can find in Central Phoenix and I really, really love the Strawberry Tallcake - sweetly sinful!

My biggest gripe with this place is the service.  There are three or four waiters (all men!) who are always, without fail, truly outstanding.  The women, however, have been reliably less-than-stellar.  I don't know why there seems to be such a split in level of service, but I've come to expect it.  The women have never been outright terrible, but they are less friendly, slow, and a lot less responsive than the men.  Last time I was there with a friend (his first visit), one of the women who appeared to be a manager-type instead of a server, hovered around our table and watched us while we ate.  It was very unsettling and made us both a quite uncomfortable.  Odd.

I'm going to Maizie's tonight and am already looking forward to enjoying the "Attitude Adjustment" (Happy Hour) specials and a really great meal.  My fingers are crossed for a great server!笑
Good food, casual, and friendly.  We had the stuffed burgers with coleslaw and sweet potato fries.  The coleslaw is BOMB...kinda wish I was eating some right now.笑
I like Maizie's...I like it a lot. I think that for what it is its a good addition to the area. 

I met Melissa H., Christine O. and Melissa H. for happy hour today and I was quite pleased. Their specials, which run from 4-6, feature a good selection of $5 apps, $3 beers and well drinks, and $2 off glasses of wine. There were two wines on the wine list that I am a fan of so that made for a very happy hour. (Or two) 

The space is small. Intimate. Cozy. But not New York cozy where they have to pull out the table so you can slide into the booth. Its definitely more restaurant than bar. I like it because it fills a nice niche, its cute, its neighborhood-y, and its inexpensive. The menu is pretty large. Although I just sampled a few apps and soup (gauc- ok, could have used more cilantro, salsa- pretty decent, spinach artichoke dip- good, and french onion soup- very good, wished it was a larger crock) I would be willing to try their sandwiches (perhaps not the entrees) and I definitely want to try their brunch. Once the light rail is up and running I think I'll be here for brunch quite often! 

You have to understand what Maizie's is....its a neighborhood restaurant. Not in the Applebee's kind of sense but in the sense its one of those places you can count on when you don't want to cook and just want to eat out. Its not a special occasion type of place. Meet friends there for happy hour or grab a bite to eat before heading out..笑
The service here is terrible. If I could give zero stars, I would. The food is OK. We have ordered more coffee and water three times and it still isn't here. I have no patience for this.笑
My pops & I have been to Maizie's for lunch about 5-7 times in the past couple of years. Everytime it's been packed, but we've never had to wait. On our most recent trip we were seated at the tables with a chair on one side & a couch on the the other. The couches were comfy for lounging but not eating. Luckily, they were nice enough to move us to a table with two chairs where I could eat comfortably. Parking can sometimes suck but what can you do? That's down town Phoenix for ya!

My pops gets the same sandwich everytime, their signature club. It is an awesome sandwich & he is just not one for change. I have tried the club, the tuna and the grilled cheese. I have to say the grilled cheese is my fav, so freakin good! I have had their fries as a side & they are good but pretty standard. We have been getting the cottage cheese lately though, to be on the healthy side.

Like I said I have only been here for lunch & had sandwiches so I would like to try a burger & maybe even brunch. Oh & their desserts sound pretty tasty too!笑
Food was really good....service was really good.  Atmosphere was great.  Was a little noisy when trying to have a conversation but that is really the only negative thing I can say.  The Monday burger special $5.00 for burger and fries w/ the purchase of a drink was a great deal.  Burger was super moist!笑
Well, this place does have an appealing new space in a great location, BUT YUCK! We were so excited to have a new place in Central Phoenix however Maizies was disappointing to say the least. 

The place was absolutely packed. Good for them. We just couldn't figure out why. Parched and hungry, we were eager for our new dining outing. We were lucky to get the last table but then, there we sat, un-acknowledged for over 15 minutes.

Finally a cute, pigtailed server asked if we wanted something to drink. On the chalk board at the bar,there were featured wine specials. My date asked the price point of the Sauvignon Blanc. The server replied "I don't know, do you want it"? We said "it depends on the price". She walked off irritated that she had to go ask for us. She brought back the wine with a stand that didn't even fit on our table and plopped it down and walked away. The wine was a good choice and reasonably priced. 

A woman who seamed like management whooshed passed and noticed us struggling with the "wine rack" and replaced it with a small chiller.

Little Miss pigtails returned and took our order. Our salads returned in a speedy manner as we leaned in to each other to have a conversation over the roar of the crowd. We got a kick out of watching a tall male server continually smack into a poorly placed, low hanging lamp (ouch!) 

Salads were served in bowls that again, were big for our table and made the portions appear skimpy in the large vessels even though the portion size was good. The flavors on my salad were well balanced and even tasty. However the greens on my salmon salad were so over dressed they were drowning. The salmon spice rub was wonderful but the fish was dry and very overcooked. My date's Mediterranean salad was the exact opposite. No dressing at all. No flavor at all. The server suggested a dressing and my companion agreed but it just wasn't there. It was full of well intended, fresh ingredients but  they were just sitting in the bowl naked.

I think that the area can really use this  swanky, new spot, but the food quality, presentation and service is in serious need of attention. I have found better at the food court.笑
I've been to Maizie's several times and the food is consistently good. Monday's are pretty bustling for the $3 burger plate and wine specials. It's chaotic but well worth the madness considering the deal. The wingless buffalo dip is one of my favorite plates and we've even been able to duplicate the recipe for a few of our own house parties. Another highlight is Maizie's Sunday Brunch. The red chili is awesome and so are $3 Mimosas & Bloody Mary's. We recently tried the Tuesday Fish Fry which was also great. Plenty of fried fish, a hefty serving of fries, two hush puppies and a creamy corn tartar sauce. The Half Baked dessert (warm cookie with a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream) is the perfect ending to any meal and enough to share with at least two others. 

Additional high marks go for location (walking distance from the Central & Camelback light rail stop), patio seating (especially this time of year), wine punch card club (buy 5 glasses and your 6th is free. SCORE!) and the beer and wine selection. Service on a normal night is always great. Not so easy breezy on Monday nights or during the mad rush for Sunday Brunch. Certainly not a deal breaker for me, I've got a wine punch card and two more glasses gets me a freebie.笑
Great food, comfortable ambience, friendly staff. We go to Maizies often, and will keep coming back.笑
Like others, I too wanted to love Maizie's. The menu looks like it has great potential and the happy hour looked promising. After a couple visits, I haven't been dying to go back, despite my friends' enthusiasm. The staff is perfectly friendly and service is OK. The food is OK, not amazing. I did have some kind of Brie soup that was like salted butter in a bowl -- pretty much inedible. The restaurant is kind of small, and gets really crowded, and for whatever reason there have been screaming kids every time I've gone. No thank you.

Eh. I'll go again if my friends drag me there, but I probably won't go on my own.笑
Went for a date here with my GF. Food was good, nice portions, and they have a pretty good wine selection. I would go back!笑
Maizie's has an excellent menu, but what impressed me the most was their breakfast.

Very interesting items, but what sold me where 2 things:

First Breakfast Pizza. Sounds weird, but it was delicious and a huge portion

Second - Brunch is served late - I think like 2pm or something like that.

Highly recommended笑
What another cute, little, spot for brunch, weeknight dinners you don't want to make yourself, or to just grab something chilled to quench a thirst worked up by an unseasonably warm day. I love their Renee Salad... or Salad Renee, I always mix that up but no matter what it's YUM!! 

They offer fantastic treat-like specials throughout the week, and I hope I can muster the courage to break my current brunch trends to give theirs a try. Mimosas, anyone??笑
I have been here numerous times now and must say  I have never been disappointed.  I love all their dinner specials so far...especially the boneless ribs dinner... YUMMY!  I always seem to get their sangria for a cocktail... it never disappoints.  They seem to have a special every day whether it is half price bottles of wine or $5 burger night.  I have only had desert once... we had ordered that half baked chocolate chip cookie but she accidentally got the sweet potato pie instead.  It was very yummy and on the house for the mistake:).  The service is always spectacular and very friendly.  I suggest you give it a try!  Just not too often because I want to make sure I can still get a seat:)笑
Was very happy with our experience here. Took a little long for our food to come out, but it was valentines day so that's expected. I ordered the Sonoran chicken panini with perfectly cooked and seasoned French fries . DELISH!! Will definitely be a regular here. Friendly staff and owner. 
Recommend to anyone and everyone (:笑
Great place, went there for first time last night. Got there a little before Happy Hour ended and they have some great deals. Sangria and house wine was only $3 and a number of 1/2 price appetizers. We shared the bruschetta and hummus appetizers which were part of this deal - great tasting, lots of food and great price. Also shared the Strawberry Fields salad which was very good but per the name - it is a little on the sweeter side . The reason I gave this 4 not 5 stars is parking and seating are tight at this small space but will definitely be back as great food and service. We were in a hurry to get to the theater and the waiter definitely catered to this for us. Definitely recommend.笑
Friendly staff--even when our group of 4 asked for split checks. The food is decent. But my big problem with this place is the prices which are about 25% higher than they should be for the food served. I got the Cenpho Sandwich (panini with brie, green apple, bacon and raspberry dressing) and a small side of sweet-potato fries. $12! This should be no more than $9. The food is fine but definitely not outstanding. I would rather save a few dollars and eat similar (but better!) food at he Phoenix Public Market.笑
I wanted to really love this place, the reviews were good and it was highly recommended but...the service was terrible.   We ordered the artichoke dip, it was great, the Cesar salad was great too. The pizza came out cold and looked like it had been sitting for a while. Our drinks took FOREVER, and our server was slow and really could have cared less about our experience. I try to patronize local businesses but I probably won't be back to Maizies anytime soon.笑
The most amazing brunch in town.  If you want a sure thing for breakfast, lunch or dinner then go here.  The food is AWESOME, the service is AMAZING and the environment is very RELAXING!!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND TO ANYONE AND EVERYONE!!!笑
Sweet, sweet gluttonous Maizie's. I always emerge from the dimly lit bar riddled with guilt at my lack of self control, but I keep coming back for more! Parking is hectic and the restaurant remains consistently busy, but neither are such an issue that I would feel hesitant to come here.

The inside has urban swank and remains unpretentious. The staff is personable but not overbearing. And the food...oh God, the food! The buffalo cheese dip is cheesy, high calorie, ooey gooey deliciousness. Huge chunks of partially melted cheese swim in the dip, making it incredibly filling. The meat pesto pizza is way too good as well...thick cuts of salty meat, dripping cheese, generously spread pesto and perfectly crisp crust.

The pizza burger is amazing! What a unique idea. I love the quirky, well balanced menu. There is something to fit most moods and cravings. I need to come in for lunch and brunch to see what the day time experience is like, but I'm sure I won't be disappointed.笑
I've only been once but it made quite an impression on me. I had the Sonoran burger which is made with cheese and green peppers grilled inside the patty. The burger was delicious and the place had a neat vibe to it, though the service did leave something to be desired. Overall, it was a very good experience.笑
I am just happy to have a nice salad for lunch. The Herb Peppered Salmon Salad was tasty and a not too heavy meal for lunch although it appeared to be large enough to feed a family. The Salmon was prepared about medium and was a good portion. My salad had marinated chopped tomatoes and grape tomatoes (I thought that was odd) red onions cucumbers and what I think were bottled red roasted peppers because I didn't taste can but they didn't seem fresh roasted either. The salad overall tasted good and came with a piece of herbed flat bread to fill you up.

My husband had the Milano Salad it was like an Italian Hoagie in a salad, overall he liked it but thought it's dressing didn't have enough zing (vinegar).

They have many interesting sounding things on the menu and I will most likely visit again because they serve lunch NOT just Brunch on Saturday (Sunday I don't know)

I noticed they might? have a dog friendly patio because I saw a big container of dog treats.

Service was very friendly and efficient.

But-

Parking is very limited and you might have to park on the street or a nearby lot.

I do NOTE-

I would never use the ketchup here because they keep it outside on the patio in containers you can't see threw. Ketchup once opened does start to spoil when it is not refrigerated. In a restaurant the ketchup isn't handled the same way as in your home. I've seen many ketchup bottles burst from going bad in an indoor environment. Outdoors in AZ heat must be worst.

Overall a nice place but I have to add my two cents about the ketchup.笑
What a cool place, from the menu menu to the decor. it is different - inside out burgers and wrap around couches and their location is supreme. Why 3 stars? This is a neighborhood restaurant and bar, with a great corner, and yet the waitresses have an edge of arrogance about them as if we are on their time. i dont frequent back as often as i would like because i feel as if i were a regular, they wouldnt appreciate it.笑
It's refreshing to eat in a place that feels like home. Whatever this restaurant lacks in physical charm, it more than makes up for with friendly attentive service and vivid examples of a kitchen fulfilling the full, refreshing, palate-enlivening potential of simple fair.  The Milano is a favorite with thinly savory salami with fresh greens. Take the time to enjoy the atmosphere and a glass of vino.笑
Very bad experience today!  I ad the worst excuse for a Veggie burger I've ever experienced!  The same rendition at Denny's is 100% better! I was told it was made in house and received a charred version of a Boca burger with zero flavor!  
Thank goodness for sweet potato fries! Ill pass on Maizies next time笑
We were looking for a place to have a late dinner on NYE without a wait, and were pleasantly surprised that Maizie's was not too busy and sat our group of 5 right away.

Most of us ordered Burgers, as that is the main choice of meal. I was not overly impressed with my Stuffed burger, I'm not sure I would be rushing back to Maizie's.

Over all Maizie's was quite Meh...Maybe I will have to go back for another try, and make sure I haven't judged them too harshly...We shall see!笑
I like Maizie's.  Well, I've been 3 times in the last week so I guess I should say I like Maizie's a lot.

I went for this first time a week ago with the fabulous Dottsy Z for a little much needed Happy Hour after work, and it was pretty packed.  Dottsy was kind enough to secure seats for us at the bar while I fought the wonderful PHX rush hour traffic.  They had $3 off all wines by the glass which I must admit was a pretty impressive selection, and they had a decent list of appetizers that all cost $5.

We each ordered some wine and decided on the buffalo chicken dip.  HO-LY-CRAP this dip was good!!  I love the taste of buffalo wings but I hardly ever eat them because they're really messy and I invariably cover myself and whatever I'm wearing in them.  And as attractive as looking like a 5 year old is...

Anyways, this dip is like the answer to my buffalo chicken prayers.  Came with a huge helping of pita slices and chips and it was delicious!!  Definitely going back for the dip alone!

Luckily I don't have to.  Next time I went was Monday evening, and wouldn't you know it?  $3 burger and fries specials EVERY Monday night!  And they were gooood.  That pretty much ensured that I will be there every Monday from here on out until my arteries are so clogged that I have a heart attack and need to have a bypass.

If that means I get to keep imbibing at Maizie's, I will take my chances笑
Restauranting is not for the faint of heart. It takes grit, location, street-smarts, perseverance, flair, capital, wisdom, taste, charisma, luck, and most importantly, talent (many more, but this is a review, not a how-to for wannabes). As the owner, if you're lacking in any of these, you have to know it, and then have the humility to contract out to get the best. I really want to give Maizie's a chance: I've been there 5 times, but when it comes down to it, I have to remind myself that the reason I go to a restaurant is to EAT EXCELLENT FOOD. Unfortunately Maizie's fails to deliver in this most important category.

My first visit was amusing, but not impressive. I decided to test their reputation for good burgers. I like my meat juicy and red, so after discussing the preparation of the stuffed varieties, I settled on a cheeseburger with the cheese on top of it. Side of fries and nothing special there; typical flavored salt sprinkle you can get at Chili's.

Next time had the goat cheese pizza. I know that's not the real name, but after three bites, the power of the cheese covers everything else. I've heard of featured ingredients, but SHEESH! Next time was for snacks, so I got to enjoy the corner sofa and relax with a cocktail and the shrimp dippers. Nothing special.

Next visit I had this buffalo wing cheese thing, but without the chicken (it's supposedly ground up inside the cheese). Right. That's what I said too when I read the menu. It comes off like that midnight snack you throw together but don't care that you're missing the key ingredient, like cereal with orange juice or a peanut butter and mustard sandwich. In this case, missing the chicken wings, it was probably a can of tuna that "inspired" this recipe. The tureen of spicy cheese is served amidst a plate full of multi-colored (but not freshly made) corn chips and warmed pita triangles. Not enough of the pita breads, so we asked for more, but had to pay extra for them. (I hate that!)

The antipasto salad is served in a gigantic wooden salad bowl and really makes you feel like a pig to have it placed in front of you. I know you can prepare a salad in a bowl, but please serve it on a plate, and in a portion appropriate for the one person ordering it. Otherwise, say "serves two". Please! It's drowned in red-wine vinegar. This would not normally be a problem if it were soaked up by a toasted hoagie roll, but that much vinegar should only used for large mopping jobs. I could have made this myself with a packet of pepperonis not even separated into individual slices, but just cut in half and dumped in the bowl.

If you happen to go, head back to the bathroom and if you find yourself waiting for it to be free, you'll be staring straight into the 8x10 closet that is the kitchen. Very tight quarters is no excuse; look what Chris Bianco does in that little corner of his old firehouse garage bay!

I really don't want to write off Maizie's, but I'll need to hear that they've hired (read contracted out for) someone with the TALENT to put ingredients together in a very special way. Until then, I won't be back.笑
Maize's is Amazing! I nice little quaint spot for the locals! I would love to say more about the menu but me and BFF can only bring ourselves to order the Buffalo Chicken Dip! Even when we say we are gonna order an entree'! Buffalo dip wins every time! I get goose bumps just thinking about how good it is! But let me tell ya, the dishes I see them bring out to other patrons smell delightful! And the portions look enough for two for sure! Prices are really decent! I also love their version of Sangria! And the coffee is so flavorlicious that its an insult to put in creamer!  

If you haven't gone before, check it out! The ambience is fitting! The staff service is fabulous! They are so laid back and easy going! They just love me there! :) And I love them too! hahahaha!笑
The entire expiriance was really good for me. 

The location is perfect. Food was great! Ambiance was really nice...and food...fodd was really good. Service was  really good as well. 

We went there for brunch and I was pleasnently suprised. I am for sure going back. The patio area is so nice, especially when weather is a bit cooler outside. 

I would for sure reccomend this place to anybody for brunch!笑
I came here after seeing a lot of great reviews on Yelp, and it did live up to it's ratings!

I agree with a lot of the other reviews in that there isn't a lot of parking. We also drove right by the place - it's easy to miss. It is right next to a suit/tailor shop. If you are coming from the north, it's right before you would get to Hula's Modern Tiki. 

I came here for dinner, around 6:30p, and we were quickly seated. There was one really large group there (it looked like celebrating something), 3 or 4 other smaller parties, and some people at the bar, with plenty of leftover seating. 

They also have a very large patio. If we didn't come during the dead heat of summer, I would have liked to sit outside, I might come back just to check out the patio.

For dinner I tried the Dough Knots (which were delicious), and the Strawberry Fields salad. The salad came in a HUGE bowl  - I could practically stick my whole head in it. So when the menu says "Entree Salad," they really mean it. I didn't even finish the whole thing. My salad was great, lots of fruit, although I probably would have liked walnuts over the roasted cashews. The goat cheese also came in pretty large chunks, and I would have preferred smaller pieces.

I didn't get a drink, but they do have a lot of specials and quite a large variety of drinks. It would be a great place for a happy hour.

The owner did come around to each of the tables while we were there, just to check to see if we needed anything. It gives the place a local, family feel.

Overall, I'm going back to try out their drinks and patio! Come check it out!笑
Just back from one of the many visits to Maizie's and I have to say, this place is legit.  The staff are great people always welcoming and they have great food, great specials.  Monday they have the $4 burger and compliment that with some great drink specials. Not available Monday's because you are with me at the Side Bar, how about Tuesdays for Pizza and bottle of wine for $20! 

Yes definitely there is some love everyday of the week.  This place also has a great brunch with some good bloody Mary's!笑
Very cool little place. My first visit was a week ago and returned again today for a late lunch/happy hour. Menu selection is very good (I ordered the BLT w/ avocado) and the service is very nice. I will be visiting again soon.笑
My wife and I wanted to try something different. 

A few days ago we went to Windsor for a birthday dinner up the street from Maizie's. We've heard there were a lot of good restaurants along Central avenue so we decided to try this place. 

It's a very small place. It's got a bar, a patio and a few tables. 

The decor was okay. Nothing really stood out to me. 

Our server was nice. She had good customer service skills. 

We got the brie and apple bruschetta. It was good. But $10 for four pieces of bread? Way too much. $8 would be more reasonable. 

I had their burger. Putting a burger on ciabatta bread? Freaking genius. That was good. Their sweet potato fries were good too. 

My wife had the Maizie's club. I had a bite. Very good.

I'd come back, but next time probably not order an appetizer. A lot of food!笑
BRUNCH REVIEW - September 2013

We went for brunch on a Saturday morning around 9am. I ordered a latte and was told that Maizie's does not have an espresso machine. I ordered coffee instead and asked for skim milk. No skim milk.

The brunch menu is limited. They have omelettes and mexican breakfast burritos, and a $15 bagel & lox. It must be an amazing lox bagel to be $15.

I ordered an omelette with cheese, mushrooms, and artichoke hearts with multigrain toast. The food was fine but certainly nothing to write home about. It was relatively expensive for what it was.

Our waitress was nice and the coffee refills kept arriving; however, the service was not prompt even though the cafe wasn't busy.

I might return to Maizie's for brunch at some point, but I'm still looking for a favorite brunch spot.笑
The location and atmosphere are tops, service is fine, food is forgettable.  I can say this because I ate there about a month ago, and now that I'm getting around to doing the review I can hardly remember what we had - a rare thing from someone who can recite an excellent meal course by course for years afterwards.  we did started with quesadia, and the four os us all got different dishes, all of which I tasted and not of which were either outstanding or offensive.  The red wine selection is heavy on the highly fruity/jammy styles.

The location next to the light rail on Central, and with the big outdoor patio can make a trip to Maizie's worthwhile if you are looking for a place sit, talk and nosh, if nosh isn't your key focus.  My husband and and I went with some relatives we hadn't seen in ages, and it was a great place to sit and catch up for a few hours.  And despite the crowd's that evening the server was gracious about not hurrying us out of there.笑
the food here is really tasty and the location is nice. the only thing that kept me from giving it a 5 star review was the really lackluster service I received from my server笑
Great food, great selection. Nice variety of beer and crazy delicious sangria! Burgers are yummy ("toppings" are inside the burgers!) and pizza is excellent. Service is always quick. Patrons are friendly, it's like a little neighborhood hangout.笑
This place is awesome. Despite it's smallness inside and the overwhelming amount of staff - it's still 4 star place. We were welcomed as if we were regulars and got to pick our own seating.

While I don't drink alcohol, I did notice the wine wall and massive collection of alcoholic options.

I ordered a hamburger (served on, I believe, ciabatta bread) and my gf ordered a grilled cheese. We were both impressed.

I was also impressed how they treated everyone as if they've been there zillions of times before. 

I'm knocking it 1 star because of the staff ratio was a bit overwhelming and the price seemed a bit high, but overall, I'll be back if the opportunity arises.笑
I'm a big fan of this little restaurant at the top of the central corridor.  The food is outstanding, and the build out of the restaurant itself is quite impressive.  I have been a couple of times now as I am rediscovering the Phoenix restaurant scene, it has become a staple.

The stuffed burgers are my favorite thing on the menu.  The toppings come inside the burger.  Make sure to be careful or they will burn your mouth.  The sweet potato fries are good and the regular fries are also pretty good.

The Monday special is outstanding and there is possibly no better deal in town.  $3.  You have to be kidding me.  Too bad Monday night is difficult for me to get here...this is definitely a staple and a great spot for date night or a dinner with some buddies.笑
I love the atmosphere at Mazie's and the service was great! Our food came out promptly and our server was friendly and attentive. 

We had the buffalo chicken dip and spinach artichoke dip for $5 each (yeah happy hour!). We each ordered a bistro burger for dinner. It wasn't the best burger I've ever had, but it was a solid entree. My sister recommended the fries (you can pick between several different sides), but I wish I'd tried the pasta salad instead. The fries were okay, but not phenomenal. 

I would be happy to go to Mazie's again when I am downtown.笑
I used to love Maize's. Five dollar burger Monday, balsamic French fries, their selection of pizzas and great service. But I went with friends a week ago for the first time since the menu changed and we were all very disappointed. No more balsamic fries, and most of the new menu items sounded awful. I had the chartrucerie appetizer plate and someone else ordered the wings. The were both okay, nothing special.
Our service was awful. We arrived about 15 minutes before happy hour ended but by the time our server came to get our drink order, it was 3 minutes past hh time and we had to pay full price for our beer. Not a big deal, but annoying. Our server was inattentive the rest of the meal.
With so many great places to eat in the Central  Corridor, Our former neighborhood favorite is off our dining list.笑
I received absolutely TERRIBLE service here.  The website misquoted drinks available for happy hour and the owner sent out an overweight blond e woman to us.  She was rude and condescending and treated us as if we were ripping her off.  She said to us, "This time we'lll correct this but just know that next time you come we will NOT give you your money back."  Fine, easy! We wont be back and as promised we'd leave honest feedback online.  Thumbs down for Maizies!笑
As I mentioned in my previous review, Maizie's was my favorite spot with the first Urban Wine Walk.  So it makes perfect sense that if the UWW Returns, so do I.  Well, return to Maizie's that is!  We started there this time and enjoyed all three wines they were tasting.  Their pizza and bruschetta bites were great.  And after we quickly inhaled the samples, we decided to get more food.  

The menu is pretty huge and everything sounded and looked delicious.  Yes, we were eyeing everybody else's plate as well; the bar seats are good for that!  After ooh-ing and ah-ing over what we saw, we decided to split the spinach and artichoke dip that came with chips and pit bread.  It was great!

The best part about Maizie's is that they just seem to do things right.  Friendly, casual service so you feel like you're among friends.  All sorts of specials listed up on the boards so 1) you don't have to feel dumb asking and 2) you don't have to feel even dumber when you forget and have to ask again.  Beer of the month (always fun to try), 20% off beer or wine to-go (what is this, Vegas?), happy hour specials (you had me at "daily"), the list goes on and on.

Good food, great energy, small, cozy inside and an nice patio space too.  I have only been twice now, but have have fabulous experiences each time.  A few more times, and they win the fifth star, easy!!笑
Love this place! Great drinks, good food, and awesome brunch. I had my 3rd visit last night and our server Chris was absolutely amazing. He chose my wine and my meal and both were wonderful. He put up with our "slightly" intoxicated behavior and was so much fun. Service is #1 and Chris took home the gold:).笑
Great place, I've been here a few times now and everytime i had excellent service. I've been in for the $5 burger on monday nites, which is very good. Most recently, however, I decided to try the strawberry fields salad with ahi tuna and it was outstanding!笑
What a cute little place!  From the moment you walk in you can tell this is a family owned restaurant.  The menu is super cute and there is a large variety!  I have the Southwest Chicken salad, which was a bit spicy for me but uber good!  Many other salad and sandwiches looked great too. 

Only reason this place doesn't get the full 5 stars from me is the parking is a bit limited, and there are only a few tables.  I know, no fault of the restaurant but for a person who likes easy access, parking is a big deal for me.笑
A couple friends and I came here for lunch.  It is a cute place and the staff was super friendly.  My friend and I shared the Bistro Steak Sandwich and the Sonoran Chicken Panini.  All in all, they were just ok.  Nothing to really write home about.... We were able to try the regular fries and sweet potato fries.  That was prob the best part of the meal....

Parking was a pain too, since they only have a few spots in front and we had to keep looping around the block...笑
Great location and atmosphere. Maize's is like a friendly neighborhood bar with food. Being vegetarian the selection isn't wide for me, but I make it work. I look forward to going again.笑
I met some friends here for Saturday brunch.  It really wasn't that crowded but they were busy.  Inside is hard to configure for large groups and they don't take reservations.  We ended up with the large high top in the middle and it was just the right size.

Service was on spot the entire time.  We even had one person coming late, I think it drug out to about a half hour :), and we were not rushed into ordering.  We did end up not waiting to order.

I had the salmon cake Benedict and it was delicious.  I did not hear any complaints about the food from the table.  Forgot to take a picture until it was about 2/3 consumed. :(  

Definitely a place I would return to.笑
Not bad. I had the breakfast pizza, it was nothing to write home about though. Just underwhelmingly average of a place to go. I'd go back, but wouldn't go out of my way.笑
Wow, the food here is good.  I had the Bistro salad with the soup of the day- pork tenderloin with roasted corn.  Delicious.  Nice atmosphere and very friendly help.  Prices are reasonable.笑
I have been here on a few occasions with my fiance and while I enjoy Maizie's, it always seems like she gets raw end of the deal.  It is a decent place for brunch, but outside of that, I think Maizie's really struggles finding a strong and suitable identity for dinner.

Meal:  I typically just brunch here.  I have been here two dinner services but that was a while ago and apparently it wasn't very memorable.

Taste:  The food is mediocre.  The food is billed as this well done, urban simply crafted meal that has a slight sophisticated or unique twist; however, it really comes off as food missing a strong identity and not put together.  I would almost categorize their food as if it was a meal that was put together by someone who was looking up random Food Network recipes and lacked the culinary experience to know if it would really work out.  It is not that the meals are bad, but its really a restaurant that masquerades as this new wave of culinary philosophy and in reality, its just a step above Denny's and hackneyed.  The meals I have ordered there are not well put together and lack cohesiveness.  6 out of 10.

Value:  Their happy hour specials are usually pretty great but overall, its neither great or awful.  3 out of 5.

Service/Cleanliness:  I have been usually happy with the service at this restaurant but there was one occasion where the waitress clearly didn't know the menu.  When the food came out to our table, my fiances dish was missing a couple key ingredients listed on the menu.  The waitress was absolutely sure about the dish was cooked correctly and it was until showing her the menu did she realize she was wrong.  7 out of 10.

Atmosphere:  The place is cute and has some of the best outdoor seating out of any restaurant in the area.  The interior decorating is nice and so is the music.  4 out of 5.

Overall:  There are a ton of great locally owned business near Maizes that I would go to.  But hey, if your heart is set on this place, then go for it . . . just don't be too disappointed when you find out its mediocre.  21 out of 30 points, 3 out of 5 stars.笑
What a great spot! We had Sunday brunch there . . . Eggs Benie with Sweet Pepper Hollandaise Sauce. YUUUUUMMMMM!笑
What is all the hype for this place? Came here for breakfast and was so disappointed!  Obviously breakfast is not their forte or I there would be more reviews here aside from their evening menu....

The chilli con carne.... overrated.  Yeah, I said it. The meat tasted like it came straight out of a can. 

The toastada special was alright, but ive had better. Unfortunately for everyone at my table it was the only thing with flavor. 

The home fries tasted like they sprinkled cheezeits on them. What are these batteted with?

The breakfast burrito was just OK. 

Honestly if I were here again I would have to save my appetite strictly for dinner only. But breakfast? I'll pass.笑
Food is always great!   Always  busy  during the  work week at  lunch time but  def  worth the  wait.  Waitstaff is  a hit  or miss笑
I've been to Maizie's 3 times now.  I have yet to have anything I don't like.  I've had a few things I liked better than others, but overall this is such a comfy and good spot that it's becoming a favorite.  They are great with kids, if you have a group of 6 (as we did) they do have a great couch/booth space.  Their soup specials are cheap, delicious and always have a fun twist.  Once I had tomato soup (with tomatoes in it) with grilled cheese croutons.  Croutons that were actually tiny mini grilled cheese sandwiches, cute!  This time I had the chicken green chile soup which was delicious, full of real chicken, flavorful chiles and celery.  The twist was tiny mini grilled quesidillas!  Overall this is a really nice local place and I'll be back soon.笑
By far one of my favorite spots to eat downtown phoenix! Happy hour is awesome and the staff is always very pleasant! I have never been disappointed.笑
Fantastic menu. Friendly and helpful staff. Extensive wine selection. Gluten free bread and buns for sandwiches. I had the bleu burger. They cook the ingredients (save the raw ones like lettuce) in to the burger itself, which I've never seen. The burger was great. The sweet potato fries are FABULOUS. Can't wait to come back and try other things. Brunch looks great. Good happy hour deals too! AND a nice, clan bathroom. I'm impressed, phoenix!!

Also, the staff happened to be having a meeting about menu changes as I came in for lunch and they were open to NY suggestions, which was nice. :)笑
Fun, cute space, great food and even better prices. Easy parking, across from Camelback light rail stop, and very friendly staff.笑
"Maize's: It Will Do" and "The Garlic Bread Was Good" are the two main slogans I can think of for Maize's.

I really liked the ambiance of the inside, I like the bar, the wine bottle display, the tables where everyone munched on regular sized sandwiches and the patio looking at the light rail is pretty sweet.

If I lived around here, it would be an easy "go to place" for happy hour w/great beer, wine selection and cheap burgers for the carnies-it has a no nonsense charm that I can't seem to replicate in colour scheme except you could take a hipster and your dad here-and that is pretty rare around Phoenix.

I have a limited palate for American food (being vegetarian, lactose intolerant but willing to eat eggs and some seafood if no meat/cheese free dishes, most American style places mean: fries or salad. Big whoop), but I went for the simple Garden salad w/the side of Garlic Bread and just a water. It was really good. That was it. Am I gonna go out of my way for the garlic bread and garden salad here? Um...no.

The service was just kind of weird. Nice, but sometimes I felt I was having communication breakdowns with all the hosts, servers and the random older owner that ran out w/hot sauce for Mr. K when he was almost done w/his eggs. There were a lot of raised eyebrows exchanged at the table, and I even whispered "Was I really weird? Did I not make sense?" and it kept happening. Like a waiter-customer vortex where each party thinks the other one means something else at all times. 

So once again, "Maize's: It Will Do" and "The Garlic Bread Was Good".笑
Maizie's is a nice little place... but I can't agree with anything more than 3 stars 

The atmosphere at Maizie's made me feel very comfortable, we went to have a few apps yesterday... not bad... not great. 

You really can't complain about the Happy Hour prices, selected apps are only $5.00! They weren't bad... we ordered the buffalo dip and the Artichoke dip.. I got a laugh from the buffalo dip... it reminded me of something a college student would make at 3:00AM after a night of heavy drinking. The dip is a VERY cheesy dip with a creamy blue cheese base, favored with hot sauce, featuring large chunks of white meat chicken.. The artichoke dip was pretty good... but just basic and standard, nothing unique here. 

We then ordered a pizza, feeling that would be a safe choice...which turned out to be OK.. again nothing special. The service was great, and the staff very very pleasant! I feel that this would be a great place to spend some time with good wine and good friends!笑
I rarely give 5 stars, but maybe this place diserves it. Breakfast pizza!? Wow. And bagels and lox! I'm a fan.笑
If I could leave a 10 I would.  Amazing food, great staff, and chill atmosphere.  This place feeds my soul every time.笑
The one thing that I like about Maizie's is that I can always depend on the food being fresh and the produce is always crisp. Whether its the side of fruit with the breakfast special (this particular morning it was a pretzel-bread egg sandwich) or the greens with the salmon salad, the food just works.

The nice eclectic mix of sandwiches, breakfasts, salads and entrees typically has something for everyone. Also a nice side benefit is the range of wines and beers. Just like the food, there's also usually something for everyone, whether its PBR, Rogue Dead Guy Ale or Syrah from overseas, I'm confident you'll find something tasty.笑
After reading reviews on this Bistro I was excited to give it a try.  I'm literally a hop skip and a jump away (Ok, maybe a little farther than that), but it only take's me a short 2 minute drive to get there.  The location is awesome and it's convenient if you take the light rail.  Luckily there happened to be 2 parking spaces when I went so our party had no trouble parking (although we had to do yoga to get out of our cars).  The atmosphere inside is very hip, although it's a little loud (that didn't bother me too much).   The buffalo dip was absolutely the best part about our meal.  I didn't care for the rest of the things that I ordered.  I'm not saying that the food was terrible, just decent.  I would give it another try, though.笑
Great little neighborhood bistro.

Food.  People.  Prices.  Location.  Service.

The only thing I can grade it down for is the concrete floor -- makes it a little LOUD at times.  But, the place is terrific!

UPDATE:  Still loud AND still *terrific*.

I don't know what toni f.'s problem is with Maizie's -- too bad she(?) was disappointed.  I do know what some of mark f.'s problem is -- he writes ungrammatically, & in my view  judgmentally and pretentiously.  Too bad he was disappointed.  

I can only speak for myself -- when I'm in Beverly Hills, I sometimes eat at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel looking out the window and down/up rodeo Blvd.  You can read my other reviews here.  I know good food.  I know good service.  IMHO, Maizie's has both.笑
Yummy comfort food at reasonable prices. My favorites are the daily soups, hamburgers and buffalo chicken dip!
The only cons would be the parking is limited, but it s right off a light rail stop and the place is sort of small and can be crowded.笑
Thank you, Kristin S, for inviting me along to happy hour at Maizie's (4-6 on weekdays). I met her, Melissa H, and Melissa H (no, that's not a typo--there are two Melissa Hs active on Phoenix Yelp!) there on a cool Thursday evening. I'm not sure what I expected from Maizie's (from the website, it looked more like a Cheuvront), but I was certainly pleased with what it ended up being: a comfortable spot to relax and unwind with friends. Less like a wine bar, more like a neighborhood bistro. 

The decor is simple and cozy with stained concrete floors, light wood tables, some curved leather seating, and an impressive modern wine rack. We ended up sitting at a corner table (with a nice view of Central Avenue). Our server was really friendly, although maybe a little overly attentive. He asked if we were doing OK probably ever four or five minutes or so! At least if I return, I can be guaranteed to get what I need when I need it!

I actually had my kickboxing class later that night, so I decided not have any wine (a big deal for me if you know me at all!), but I was pleased to find that they offered sugar free Red Bull and ordered one of those. My happy hour companions got wine by the glass, which was $2 off. We also split 3 appetizers (all 50% off during happy hour): tortilla chips with black bean salsa and guacamole, the spinach artichoke dip, and the pesto bruschetta. I found the pesto sauce on the bruschetta to be overly salty and the salsa a little bland, but the spinach artichoke dip was really good and satisfying on a cooler night. 

I have a feeling that I wouldn't enjoy Maizie's for a full dinner, since the  food I tried was a bit typical and not particularly inventive. That being said, though, it's an excellent spot for a satisfying happy hour, and I wouldn't hesitate for a second to order appetizers and drinks here at discounted prices. I could also see my husband and I lingering here past happy hour enjoying a bottle of wine and some dessert. 

As a side note, be sure to check out the Events section of their website: http://maiziescafe.com/events.htm. It looks like they have some fun stuff going on, including the upcoming prix fixe New Year's Eve dinner and "Travel to Italy" Tuesdays in December. It also seems that you can purchase wine and beer to go at discounted prices, which would be nice if you live close by and want to pick something up for a night at home.笑
LOVE the pizza and the salad here! Me and my roomies like to go for a lunch or early dinner, but have also been for breakfast and was very good!笑
I heard Mazies got rave reviews so I gave it a whirl as I believe in supporting the stand alone eateries in Central Phoenix.  I wish there was a star rating for "I can't decide."  

We started with the hummus - lovely. Next time, I'll try their other flavor hummus - a Chipotle hummus.

Then I ordered the California Salad (and I added chicken).  The salad had dried cranberries, almonds, manderin oranges, and Feta.  The dressing was a sherry balsamic vinigarette.    

 In addition, I ordered a side of fries - which were OMG - delicious.  They were "peppered" perfectly.  Peppered fries are great to dip in mayo (instead of ketchup).  

My friend ordered the grilled cheese sandwich, composed of brie, applewood bacon and granny smith apple slice.  She loved it. 

The downside to the experience was that the space was crowded and  tight.  The service was attentive and helpful, but forgetful.  And overall,  I felt a little rushed.  

I think I'll give the place another try - if only for those French Fries!笑
It's small so get there early, the burgers are great. On monday's they are on special! Good food, good price, good atmosphere! It's all good at Maizies.笑
Sorry to report that they have closed as of yesterday, November 22nd. Will miss the friendly staff and the best burgers in Phoenix.笑
I like happy hour and the buffalo chicken dip  brought some friends here too . We has fun also went to sit stay after and had more food笑
Entrees on the smaller side, pricing rather expensive given portion size, staff is friendly if not efficient, and atmosphere is enjoyable and swanky. Brunch seems to be very popular. This place is just meh.笑
I've been to Maizies thrice, I think, and each time it was on a Monday for their incredible $3 burger-and-fries deal! I really want to try everything on the menu, because it all sounds amazing, but I can't pry myself from the unbeatable deal that is the "Monday Burger."

Seriously, you WILL NOT find a better burger for the price. Actually, I would compare it with Deluxe's burgers as far as quality...which is really saying a lot, especially when you consider that you're paying THREE DOLLARS for it at Maizie's!

The meat is delicious, it's served on a tasty ciabatta bun, and the fries are WAY better than any fast food fries, that's for sure! They serve it with a side of mayo...which is obviously house-made and oh-so addicting! I love to put it on my burger and dip my fries in it.

If you go on a Monday, it is VERY crowded, and there can be a very long wait...however last night my husband and I went around 6:30 and got seated right away (we told them we would take "first available."). It can get very loud in there, so I probably wouldn't go on a first date there, but they also have patio seating, which I'm sure would cut down on the noise factor.

I love Maizie's and will be back many, many more times!笑
Great food, just had the burger with fries!! The food is super bomb!!!! Place was also very clean, staff very upbeat and courteous, and they sell wine and have six packs to go!!!笑
I seriously feel like the last man on earth to try Mazie's, over the last few months my wife has went a few times, as well as some of our friends and I hear nothing but stellar reviews.  somehow every time we would plan to go they would either be too busy and someone from our party was not willing to wait, or plans changed at the last minute.  Luckily last night I was finally able to see what Mazie's was all about. 

We ended up meeting up with fellow Yelpers Melissa H and Chris H, it was a beautiful night so it was very fitting that we sat outside.  our waiter was very prompt and kept up with our table very well, It wasn't a slow night by any means but the usual hustle and bustle was absent and everything just slowed down for a few hours.  We all had a glass of wine and shared the spinach artichoke dip, the flavor was subtle and not overpoweringly salty like some dishes I've had, the consistency was good too.  We all Ordered off the sandwich/lunch menu, I Ordered the pizza burger and was not disappointed, the burger was thick and hearty, stuffed with pepperoni sausage and cheese, topped with a rich marinara.  We ended up staying about 3 hours just talking and catching up and even after we'd paid the bill they still checked up on us several times to see if we needed anything and made it clear that we could stay as long as we wanted.

All in all a good night.笑
Quite possibly my favorite place in central phoenix. Brunch, lunch, or dinner, this place is AWESOME for a date, an out of town guest, or just for a leisurely night with friends. 

Vibe is loud and modern here. Flat TVs are here, but typically not on sports. 

Staff is always knowlegable ..

check this place out!!!!!!!!!!!!笑
Service was great... Otherwise I'd only give the place 1 star. I ordered the Sonoran inside out burger with balsamic fries and my fiance ordered the Supreme pizza. We also ordered the Buffalo sauce appetizer. The pizza tasted like it was previously frozen. I doubt it actually was, but I've had better from Sams club. My burger was horrible. Dry, bland, and overcooked. The topping were supposedly stuffed inside the meat, but I couldn't taste them... At All. The fries were soggy and only had a hint of balsamic. The dip was mediocre. The bill. Oh my God the bill... For the two of us was a little over $60.00. Will not be back.笑
No matter what I order I know it will be tasty. Maizie's have a lot to choose from which can be a little overwhelming for me. I love their wait staff everyone is always friendly. When I am in Maizie's I feel like I am in a neighborhood hang out.笑
Quite the menu for such a tiny venue. OMG. I love a good rhyme! Maizie's made me a bit, um, crazy. Oh. Again. With the rhyming. I'm channeling Nipsy Russell. Impressive, cozy, urban space. And when I left. A smile on my face. Sadly my lunch choice, much like Elaine Joyce (this pop culture reference will really separate the young from the old), I say with a sigh, was dry, dry dry. I ordered a Milano sandwich with Italian meats and cheeses. Seriously. No. Really. Seriously. Quizno's or Subway would have been better. The fries were great, served with a "southwest" dipping sauce, i.e., mayo with chipotle sauce. The creamy artichoke dip with assorted, hot and fresh chips was yummy in my tummy. God. That was lame. Overall, my co-diners were "satisfied" with their lunches, not, however, going crazy for Maizie's. 

That said. I have high hopes, even when not high, for this Central Phoenix newbie! And the service was spot on I might add. Great vibe. Don't hide. Don't be lazies. Find Maizie's. 

Ok. I'm going to go back to playing with dolls and blocks now.笑
I have been coming here on a quasi-weekly basis for years now, and have always received impeccable service. Food is great, cocktails are classy, waitstaff is friendly and knowledgeable, and the atmosphere is warm and humanizing. A big point for me at any bar is that I can go there anytime they are open and have a conversation with a friend. Maizie's achieves this perfectly. No blasting playlists or DJ, ever. This is a classy place for adults, and I have nothing but good things to say about it. They are also dog friendly(on the awesome patio). First prize!笑
We went to Maizie's last night, probably our sixth or seventh trip there.  I love the stuffed pizza burger, it's a pretty amazing take on the classic American burger.  Last night we wanted to try something new so we split the Sonoran Chicken Panini and the Sonoran Stuffed Burger.  Both were excellent.  We have tried several other items from the Buffalo Dip to the Sangria and everything is always good.  Waitstaff is friendly and seem to know everybody while the atmosphere cozy, classic and fun.  I highly recommend, Maizie's is one of my favorite uptown spots.笑
Everyone loves this place. I am willing to give it another try but our first experience was just ok. The food was good. Not exceptional, but good. We ordered the green chile pulled pork on a biscuit, strawberry salad and rootbeer float. The atmosphere is kind of dumpy, but not in a cool dive way. Call me crazy, but I am not crazy for Mazie.笑
Mazie's is a very nice place.  Seems hidden, so it's very surprising once you enter the restaurant! To me, Mazie's theme is very abstract with a cozy atmosphere.  I love the wine racks that they have on display and the bar is a nice size.

They have daily specials which are nice (chicken quesadillas) which were very tasty.  Also the Bleu burger with stuffed bacon was fantastic!  The pitcher of sangria was about 12 bucks and gave us each one full glass and a decent half.

Was a little frustrating for parking, and the wait time was a little long but I know that they were making the food from scratch so I wasn't disappointed about that.

I would definitely recommend this place if you're in the area, they also have a weekend brunch menu that I have yet to experience.  I hear it's great though with 15 dollar mimosas:)笑
Breakfast was delicious. I have not been back, but the Eggs Benedict was the best I've had in Arizona. Service was great as well...I hope to be back soon.笑
While in Phoenix for work, I ate here more than anywhere else.  Brunch, lunch, happy hour, and dinner.  The food is incredible.  My absolute fav is the wingless buffalo dip - it is so tasty!  The grilled cheese with brie, granny smith apples, and bacon is a close runner-up.  Pretty good beer and wine lists too.  Excellent happy hour deals.  Very friendly staff too and service was always excellent.笑
Went here last night for dinner around 8pm. It wasn't too crowded and we were seated promptly. There was a pizza and wine special (every Weds apparently), but we opted to go order from the menu as i had pizza for lunch.  I love trying chicken salad sandwiches at new places, so why should this place be any different? Maizie's had grapes and dried apricots mixed in... Wonderful! Perfectly peppery to balance out the fruit.  For the side, the server recommended a mix of hand-cut and sweet potato fries, which did not disappoint.  I love SP fries that are medium cut like theirs and the fresh-cut potatoes were amazing! The chipotle aioli was quite good too.  I wasn't in the mood for a drink (what?!), but i did try the bf's red sangria, which was pretty good and i would definitely order it next time i want a cocktail.  He ordered the special which was ribs with sides of new potatoes, roasted veggies and some sort of corn. He couldn't finish it all and that is quite odd for him. At $13 it was quite the steal for him to have leftovers!
I hope we can get back there for happy hour, which runs from 3-6pm... I can't remember if its weekdays or every day... But i look forward to a few $3 sangrias!   =)笑
Came here on a Monday and unfortunately wasn't hungry enough for a burger but had the buffalo chicken dip and asparagus bruschetta, both super delicious!! We also had the Sangria which was just a touch sweet, perfecto! Our service was great too, always checked in on us but not too often, she also let us linger, & enjoy our time there on a busy night which i always really appreciate.笑
Slick and stylish, yet still comfy, Maizie's is a great spot to catch up with an old friend or meet a new one. The food is hearty, my fave are the inside out burgers! Try the crazy apple dessert, so tasty! Friendly service too!笑
Maizie's delivers. (Figuratively. Not literally). I've now been here with several different groups of friends with all kinds of personalities and personality disorders. We had a good time pretty much every visit, and decent food, and good beer selections. The view from the outdoor patio as the train runs by every few minutes is, in addition to being weirdly surreal in Phoenix, pretty cool. The crowd inside is lively and energetic as they sit at their tables and catch up with friends. The food doesn't always impress me and can use some improvement.

Light Rail stop: Central and Camelback (2 minute walk, if that).笑
Delicious food, large menu, great service, and wonderful specials! We initially went here for my husband's graduation lunch. For a group of ten, they just about wowed everyone. It definitely made us want to come back!

I especially love their $4 Monday burger special. You can double dip if you make it before 6pm and get happy hour too. I am a sucker for specials in an area where you usually cannot get a sandwich or cocktail for under $10 a pop...

I can't wait until it warms up a little for the patio! Next I want to try their Tuesday pizza and wine special and brunch... mmm.笑
I'm from Atlanta visiting at a convention downtown and tried this place as a recommendation. The food was outstanding and the service was excellent.  Worth the short drive to sit outside in the pleasant weather this time of year.  Would definitely recommend.笑
Stopped in at about 11:30 on a Saturday.  The place was busy (it is small so it doesn't take much).  The noise was very loud.  My friend and I got squeezed into a small table between two other groups that were yakking away.    

the place is very urban chic.  The waiter stopped by quickly but after looking at the menu and not even being able to concentrate on it because of the noise we left.

If  you like going places that make you feel like you are hip, this is probably a good spot.  If you want to go someplace with a friend to have a quiet chat look elsewhere.笑
I went here for dinner a week or so ago with a friend. We each had a glass of wine and for an appetizer, we ordered the bruschetta, which was very good.  In fact I was pretty full by the time I'd eaten that, so I only ate about a fourth of my entree. For the entree I had the caprese sandwich with sweet potato fries.  You MUST try the sweet potato fries....they are delicious!  The sandwich was good, as well, but as I said by the time I got to it, I was so full that I just couldn't eat much of it.  I didn't take it home because it didn't seem like it would save over well. 

We sat inside because it was just too hot to sit outside on the patio.  It tends to be a bit noisy inside. Also the parking is very limited, as has been mentioned by another reviewer. I parked on one of the side-streets.笑
I've been to Maizies a few times and really enjoy it. The atmosphere is fun and upbeat and the food is interesting and somehow always seem to be just what you're in the mood for. 

Two bonus points: 

1) on Mondays you can get a burger and fries for $3 

2) The buffalo chicken dip will change your life. 

There's often a semi-long wait for a table here, but that's generally always a good sign :-) The staff are always personable and attentive even when the place is packed. If you sit outside dogs are welcome which is awesome as well as entertaining. 

Recommended occasions to go here? Whenever you want a laid back dinner with a slight 'out of Phoenix' feel.笑
Maizie's Cafe & Bistro
My girlfriend had just finished auditioning for the Phoenix Choir so I wanted to treat her to a meal. We like to try new things and especially local venues and since we go to Lux occasionally had noticed a few new spots just north of there. One of them is Maizie's Cafe & Bistro.

I should have gotten a sense that something was strange with this place when I called to make sure they were open. The woman on the other end seemed taken aback by this simple question. I then asked if they were any good and once again there was a hesitation.

We arrived at around 645 to a fairly packed restaurant which is always a good sign especially on a Monday night, right? However i was immediately surprised to see Three big screen televisions on each wall save the back one, presumably because this had a wine rack on it... I dont know about you but when a room that is at best 20' X 20' has three 42 inch TV's in it I call that a Sports Bar, and they had American Football on one and what the rest of the world call Football on the other. To offset this they did have the third TV set to the Food Network.

Our table was somewhat sticky and when our drinks arrived the coaster for the tea got stuck to the table and eventually peeled away. Troubling but I wanted to keep positive since this was a celebration. We ordered wine and a cheese plate and almost immediately were approached by another waitress wondering if we were ready to order. Very confusing.

The cheese plate was straight out of Home Economics. They could have gone to Safeway and put a better selection of cheeses together. I would go easier on them except that the ambience and prices are asking for the quality to be better than presented.

My girlfriend ordered the Tuna Salad and I got the Fresh Basil Pasta with Marinara. Now I know that one of the hip things to do is have eclectic dinnerware to set your restaurant apart from the rest but serving salads in mixing bowls that dont match the decor is very awkward. Throwing a few veggies in said bowl and then a heaping scoop of tuna mix is not an entree, its a lunch item. Same goes with the Marinara dish. This cacophony of salad items sauteed up and mixed with pasta and a decent Marinara sauce is once again lunch fare, not a $12 dinner entree.

Throughout the course of this dinner we had both waitresses coming up to us about every 5 minutes to make sure everything was okay. A little hint to good serving: if someone is in the middle of a sentence dont ask if everything is okay. This became very annoying and when I mentioned it to my party we were approached once again, as if they were trying to push the point.

Another feature of Maize's is that it has Free Wifi and posts this fact on its doorway. So we are also trying to be a Coffee Shop/Internet Cafe. So to add to the glow of Plasma screens all around a group of students sit next to our table and launch up three laptops, very romantic indeed.

The piece de resistance thought was when the florescent lighting from the outside awning kicked in halfway through the entrees and we were bathed in a brilliant glow of blandness. At this point we both broke down into laughter at the whole spectacle. The effect was a perfect way to end this experience.

Overall Maize's is a horribly confused concept with incredibly schitzophrenic tendencies. It wants to be everything to everyone. The look says it wants to be a wine bar, but the TV's confuse that aspect. The menu talks gourmet but the reality is that they are serving lunch fare, which has its place. The free wifi means you will be getting non diners which will only make the diners more uncomfortable. I get a sense of what they are trying to do which is a Cafe/Bistro, but in order to do that you need to scale down the ultra modern look of the place. From the outside it says dinner but the reality is that its a hangout.

To its credit it was close to full on a Monday evening so there seems to be some appeal.笑
I really like Maizie's.  I make my way there at least once a month for lunch or brunch.  Weekends have fun drink specials on make your own Mimosas and the like.  The staff are always very friendly and helpful.  The food is always good.  The Chioptle aioli is all I want on my french fries ever.  Also, they have a nice dog friendly patio.  They'll even give your dog water and treats--really great people!笑
This place is sooo freaking cute! My friend decided to have her b-day brunch one beautiful sunny Sunday morning at this place. After I passed it twice I finally parked on a side street since it sits in this smallish complex with very limited parking. We waited for about 20 min or so for our group of 7 and we were seated at a perfect spot inside. Our server was awesome she was very attentive and was very patient with our group. I ordered a mimosa and the "Classic on Central" it came with eggs, potatoes, Italian sausage and she let me sub toast for a banana muffin! The 2 things that stood out to me were the Italian sausage and the banana muffin everything else was pretty much standard breakfast fare. 

Our group had a great time eating, talking and people watching; our wonderful server even offered to split the check for us! She gets triple points for that one!! I'm already planning on coming back for lunch and/or happy hour :-)笑
Went to Mazies last weekend for brunch. It was great. I highly recommend it. No matter what you order it's delicious. Why 4 stars instead of 5. Well it's small so sometimes there's a wait. But it's worth it.笑
I love this place! Great food, great prices, and great service! Plus if you like Mimosas, don't forget to order the "Build your own Mimosas"笑
oh new years, your hangovers are a bitch.

looking to remedy the situation, a new years brunch seemed the likely choice. after a drive by matts revealed a hell of a wait (even at 1pm, my gawd) we ended up at maizie's by chance driving down central.

the place is super cute. we opted for outside, because well, i wanted to take advantage of being able to sit outside on january 1st, 2010 and enjoy a meal in honor of my friend in kansas city being frozen solid. brunch menu included some tasty options at 9 bucks each, and i opted for the hangover breakfast pasta. now at first glance, it might not seem like these would all go together: linguine, mushrooms, jalepenos, italian sausage, chipotle corn bread, tomatos, olive oil, topped with two over easy eggs. interesting...is it not? greasy, yes it was...very daring, but something as sloppy as this needs to be consumed to wipe out any hangover that came my way. bloody mary? check.

my friend got the blue burger which was stuffed with blue cheese and bacon. the side of buffalo sauce was lacking any real kick which killed it. the sweet potato fries were fantastic. and my breakfast pasta was delicious in all of its strange form. eggs and pasta can go together, yes.

the service was spotty, i've definitely had better, and expect better from a place like this. it's a great brunch/breakfast spot, and i'll be back when matt's wait is just too unbearable for my pounding headache.笑
Had the chipotle chicken sandwich. Spices were great but the chicken was dry. Avocado was dark colored which means it's not that fresh. Also disappointed they didn't have lattes when it's listed as a Cafe too.笑
so i've been back several times and have to say that each time gets better! i'm loving the Monday $3 burgers. its been such a rage that they now extend happy hour during the 4-10pm burger special. plus they give half off their bottles of wine during that time as well. the bruschetta is one of our regular staples, as the bread is served separated from the tomatoes and its much better that way. i've had the sangria on several occasions and its absolutely divine. i love the antipasto salad, its soo big! sitting at the bar or outside is the place to be, but if you go solo you can sit at the big table (sharing this table is encouraged) and your sure to meet someone. so glad they are so grounded! you'll enjoy this place for sure.笑
Damn you, Maizie's... Why are you so damn delicious?!

Maizie's has become my temptress as of late, luring me out of the confines of my apartment to dine on oh-so-delicious food, and drink great local beers all while not breaking the bank. I'm honestly more than a fan of this conveniently located restaurant. Maizie's is a well-decorated and well-staffed eatery with a menu that has the ability to please almost any craving a diner could have. I've yet to have a bad experience here whether it be with the food or with the staff. Also, they have some fantastic daily specials and a happy hour (M-F / 3-6) that rivals most in the valley. 

Some of the dishes I've tried include their Wingless Buffalo Dip, Bistro Tender Steak, Pizza Burger and the Matt's Pesto Manifesto Pizza. The dip was a bit much for me due to sheer guilt, but it was exactly what you would expect it to be, and the steak sandwich was above average, but just a steak sandwich. The other items though are fan-FLIPPIN-tastic! That pesto they use hits some high marks for me, and I find myself craving it much like crack-rock when I don't have it after a while.

Every experience at Maizie's so far has been a great one for me, and I waited until many visits went by before writing this review. It's probably not for everyone, but it's one of my favorite spots for sure.笑
Bistro Burger was delicious and cooked perfectly. Aside from the hair in the fruit everything was good.笑
Good sandwiches and burgers!! The service was a bit slow Sunday morning (we waited almost 40 minutes for our food) because of a few large parties. They offer a brunch menu on Saturday and Sunday mornings along with their regular menu. We chose to order off of the regular menu, but the breakfast dishes that we say going by looked yummy! They offer $3 bloody marys and mimosas. I tried the bloody mary this time, and will NOT have it again- maybe I just wasn't in the mood, but it had a strange taste.笑
I'm smitten with Maizie's.  This two month old bistro has it goin on.  

* Cute trendy space, with a distinctive wine rack
* Urban vibe in a Landmark Tower storefront
* Neighborhoody feel
* Well-rounded menu with something for everyone
* Friendly service

4 stars with potential for 5. We went here for dinner on Monday.  Loved the space and decor - everything was tastefully done from the small sectional lounge area to the communal table to the small bar area (beer, wine AND liquor, btw).  It oozes neighborhood café with the small tables (seating about 30 or so) and the fact that we knew people at 2 of the 10 tables - so for a Monday night this place was hopping.

The owner Maizie and her father were a delight to talk to - answering questions we had about the menu and about the restaurant in general and checking up on us regularly.  My dining partner had the  1/2 pound bleu burger with buffalo sauce and I opted for the Santa Fe chicken Panini with a huge supple grilled chicken breast, jack cheese, guacamole and ortega chile.  The variety of sides make it possible to get creative - slaw, fruit, cottage cheese, hand cut potato French fries or noodle kugel (the sweet Jewish dish I opted for which came with raisins, cinnamon and sliced apples). 

Service was good, but could be better or more seasoned.  The server who handled us was OK.  We let him know when we received the check that he had forgotten to charge us for the soda and iced tea and he went back to fix the error.  Wow.  That's a first for me.  Typically places I've been to have waived the drinks when they've already given you the check.  No big deal, just unusual and a bit gauche.

I like where they're going with the late night dining (till Midnight) and brunch service (can't wait to try the breakfast burrito).  Bring it on - I'll be back again soon to make it a regular stop.笑
My nephew and I came here for brunch we ended up eating off the regular menu.  The place is clean and nicely decorated.  

I ordered the BBQ Chicken Cordon Bleu (tender grilled breast of chicken with house made BBQ sauce, then topped with smoked ham, & smoked mozzarella cheese.  All served on toasted ciabatta bread.  It was good, but the BBQ sauce over powered the sandwich.  I loved that they let you mixed the sweet fries and regular fries.  YUM!笑
Apparently if you a broke girl like me you love great deals. 

Even more awesome is when you have friends who tell you about said great deals. Thanks Georgie!

Maizie's has $3 burger & fries on Monday nights. This is not your average burger, this is a delicious Angus burger, and the price can't be beat!

I am sure one day I will try the rest of their menu, but for now I will stick with the $3 burger & fries because it is fantastic & $3. 

On Monday nights, avoid those drive-thrus & head to Maizie's!笑
Maizie's has become almost a second home. We live next door so it is incredibly convenient but I would come by just as often even if we lived further away. The Sunday brunch is always fantastic and they usually have something new to try each week. The whole menu is pretty solid and a great value. Tina, the head bartender, is completely on top of her game, has the best drink and food recommendations and makes the bar the perfect place to relax after a long day. My favorite items on the menu are the crab cakes and wingless buffalo dip.笑
I heard a lot about this place and about how they had an awesome bloody mary, and boy do i need those on sundays. while they were cheap i wasnt impressed.  it was ok. (i didnt get one with the flares and whistles, just the good ol bloody mary)  

the food was also ok,  it was just ok.  not bad, but not over the top either.笑
I claimed one of the two parking spots down the road in the Landmark Towers side lot marked for this place, so figured I would try it out.  I was sat at a table promptly and then waited for quite a while before being served.  This was very surprising as there were only three tables occupied, and the wait staff seemed to frequently vanish, leaving tables dirty and not bussed.  My own table was set but once I sat down I found it covered in tiny crumbs.

This is another one of those "trendy modern" setups inside with concrete floors and a really awful noise level from the bar and TV.  The concrete floor has not been polished and has strange orange markings on it that look like burnt cheese.  The interior design for the most part looks fine, if a bit too IKEA (the lampshades look extremely cheap) but the white board cupboards littered with dry erase marker look cheesy and out of place.  They should have just used blackboards like they did in one spot behind the bar.

The male server came, took my water order, then left without taking my order saying he'd be back for it.  This was very confusing, as I watched him go over and chat with a woman wearing a skimpy outfit by the computer/register, wasting a good couple minutes before delivering the check to another table.  I was finally able to order after about six minutes passed.

The French fries were VERY potato-y, though a touch undercooked. They were seasoned very well!  They were sadly the highlight of the meal.  They weren't life-changing or anything, but they were solid.

The burger was cooked more than I like, probably medium-well bordering on well-done.  It was still moist though and had some pink.  It did still have an unpleasant chewy texture still, so I'm wondering if it's low quality beef (the low fat kind or something).

The egg was cooked well, but I don't approve of the tiny mound of melted shredded cheddar cheese instead of a good gooey slice.

The ciabatta looked grilled (I mean it had grill marks!) but tasted untoasted like an English muffin from the package.  It could've used a good buttering and then crisping.  I'm going to try toast the half I am taking home and see if that helps it!

I had anticipated ordering dessert but with the incredibly slow and inattentive service I just wanted to get my to-go box and check.  So I waited.  And waited.  And finally he came and boxes up the food.

My bill was a little under $14 for just the burger (no drink or anything) after tax, and I definitely don't feel the quality delivered.  For that price I'll go to Zin or driver further to Ingo's instead, where the buns are edible and the meat is super high quality.  Or spend half as much at somewhere like The Habit or The Stand.  Hopefully the upcoming Shake Shack at Uptown Plaza will add another good burger destination.

I won't be back.  One extra star for the fries and wait staff at least friendly and not surly (they're just not attentive).笑
The wingless buffalo dip is amazing. I have never found anything close to it anywhere. I always order it with veggies. So good you will be licking the bowl! The salmon salad is also excellent. I have taken my kids, clients and had a girls night out. It is the perfect place for all and Maizie's has become a regular hang out for me. Be aware that Mondays are crazy. I would avoid going there. They have a special cheap burger that draws crowds pay the extra for another night and enjoy the true vibe of Maizie's. 
Fabulous wine list with decent prices.笑
Hello-

I recently visited Phoenix and the guy at the front desk recommended this place for dinner.  I took the Metro and it was very close once exiting the train.

It was very busy but they sat me right away.  I had a Steak salad with a Sherry vinaigrette dressing that was awesome.

Atmosphere very nice with outside seating (way to hot out for my East coast blood) and the crowd is very mixed which is great.

I talked to one guy that worked there and had to laugh as they were from Squirrel Hill, a suburb of Pittsburgh.

Loved the whole experience!笑
Sweet potato fries are top notch.  Super crowded for the amazing Mon night special.  Always new and inventive items on the menu.  Love the outdoor patio, but parking can be an issue.笑
Everything here looks delicious -- except for the fact that I ordered a cobb salad and it was basically a chinese chicken salad.  A bucket of mimosas is like 16 bucks so you can't beat that...

If you're lucky enough to get the waiter that looks like a 70's porn star, you're in for a treat -- He's all kinds of crazy...笑
I liked this place, thought it was very cute. The interior was contemporary and bright. They have a patio, but it was full. Sunny thought the french toast was too small, but it was really rich, so if it wasn't being shared by three people it would have been plenty. It was really delicious, btw. 

The bartender (owner?) greeted us when we walked in and was happy to start making our mimosas while we waited for a table to be cleared, so when we sat down, our mimosas were right behind, now that's service. We found out they had homemade sangria, it was also delicious.

I liked the food, I liked the atmosphere, I liked the bartender. They are right on the train route, so I'll probably go there again sometime when I'm in the area.笑
Seems like a really nice place - comfortable, friendly, good food. I came in for breakfast, ordered a breakfast burrito with green chile hollandaise sauce. It was delicious.

I definitely plan to come back to try the rest of the menu. Looks like a lot of great stuff.笑
The Cenpho Press ($10.00 french brie, applewood smoked bacon, seasonal apples, raspberry white balsamic vinaigrette) is good but needed more brie. It was a little dry unless you added the sauce that came with it but I think more Brie would help that. More Brie would have given them another star. Speaking of... The sauce that came with it is damn good. It's spicy, creamy and yummy. I got it with sweet potato fries (which were really good, seasoned perfectly and served hot) and the sauce was perfect with them. I'll be coming back as it's casual and within walking distance to me. PS love the  Hoegaarden beer!

It's pretty casual atmosphere, I liked it!笑
We finally tried their burger and fries. The meal was good but the hype was a little overrated. We did order online for pick up and when we arrived the order was sitting on the printer. Just an FYI that calling in your pick up order might be a little more efficient. Overall a meh experience.笑
Best breakfast ever.  Not really.

Rojo Chili de la Casa is fantastic.  Eat some now.笑
I'm shocked by the solid 4-star rating on this place. We decided to try Maizies on $3 burger night - maybe that was our mistake. The line was long, the bar was packed, the bartender RUDE and the staff couldn't handle the crowd. The inexperienced staffers were all visibily flustered, bumping into guests and noticibly iritated by the people in their way (just waiting). We got a table near the door and that was awful - they should just move those tables all together. We were getting pushed over and over again and even asked to stand up to let other patrons squeeze into their seats. 

Now, onto the decor... yikes. Its like they just moved all their leftover dorm room furniture into the place. Random wire racks holding menus and plastic containers everywhere and a few rugs hung on the wall - eh? Invest in some decor. 

Oh, that's right.. the food. Yeah, standard burger they were clearly cranking out in the back (you can't make any modifications) and the rest of the items didn't compensate for the bland "I could have made this on my grill in the comfort of my own home" burger. 

Take your $3 to Carl's Junior and get the $6 burger the way you like it.笑
I met a friend here for lunch recently. I had a simple burger and fries. I was surprised they didn't ask me how I wanted it cooked. It was good nonetheless. I wasn't sure if i wanted regular fries or sweet potato fries so they let me have half and half - both were good, especially their hand-cut regular fries. 

I light railed in so I didn't have any parking issues, but their lot is tiny and a little bit of street parking nearby. That could definitely be a challenge for future visits.

The place was a little too loud for my liking and the tables were a little too close together. Overall the food was good and the service was excellent.笑
Treated my parents to a meal here, and the service and food were excellent.笑
GREAT FOOD AND SPECIALS, this a hidden place to get away from it all.  Enjoy the ambiance.

This is not a place to bring babies or kids.笑
I've only been here for brunch and today I had the yogurt with berries and bananas. It was pretty good, I thought the yogurt (blueberry) was too sweet and I would have preferred a unsweetened yogurt. I also didn't really care for the granola, it was also really sweet. The worst part about the dish was the price, $8! My boyfriend's biscuits and gravy were the same price. The $3 mimosas are excellent though! 

I do want to try their $3 burger night and more from the dinner menu so I will be back!笑
I went to Maizies after a Sunday hike up camelback mountain. Their bucket mimosas and eggs Benedict were perfect post-hiking. I sat on the patio and it was a wonderful area. Great atmosphere,  great staff! I don't remember our  waitresses name but she was brunette with tattoos and she was awesome! She did and excellent job. I would absolutely recommend this place to others and I'll be going there again soon.笑
Went to this place at the suggestion of a friend for lunch. Ordered the sonoran chicken sandwich and it was amazing! Perfectly cooked sweet potato fries and the chicken was moist and not too spicy. Very cute place and was reasonably priced. I will be back for more fries!笑
Visited Maizie's for the first time on Sat, Jan 30.  This is a very appealing little spot, with room for about 30-40 diners inside and a patio with heaters.  They have a nice beer selection and a large wine list.  Two of our party had burgers... they stuff them... decent concept but when you bite into it you wind up wearing whatever is inside.  The ciabatta bread works well.  One of our party had the citrus chicken over broiled romaine.  nice looking dish... another had the "Mac Daddy" special, a mac and cheese thing with a cuke and radish salad.  No fireworks there.  Final member had the baked ziti offering and liked it, though was confused by the incongruous dollop of pesto over top of it.  Our party of five took an hour to get seated... not a big fan of that, though the staff were courteous and kept telling us they were working on getting us a table.  all in all, I think if I lived in the condos next door I'd probably hit this place once or twice a month, but otherwise, once was enough.笑
I see one word come up again and again in the reviews for this place: "Cute".

Well, it is cute. The lighting and furniture and concept are happy, kind and appealing in an innocent way. The patio is cute, too.

And it's not Applebee's. Oftentimes I'll be with a group of people trying to decide where to eat and drink. Someone will say "Applebee's at Central and Camelback". There will be groans. Then someone will think of Maizie's across the street and the response is "well, it's not Applebee's". Then we go there.

Aside from that, ummm . . . well . . . . .笑
So last Monday the hubs and I got invited out to join some friends for $3 burgers at Maizies ($4 if you add cheese)

For 4 burgers (All with cheese on them) and 4 beers our total bill was only $30!!!!!!!! That is a smoking deal if I ever did see one! 

Our burgers came out fast and hot. They serve them on chibata bread! They give you a little side of chipotle mayo that is delicious, but not enough to cover a burger.


Our waiter was super fast and friendly! We will for sure be going back笑
Maizies has a bunch of pluses and minuses. 
Monday night Burger Night is great. Get the basic Bistro Burger and fries and you will be totally happy.. great.

Happy Hour on the patio is fun always.. however they need to revise and update their happy hour drink and app menu.. its been the same for a long time..

Tues night Pizza and Wine night is great. There made to order pizza is yummy.

I love there DAILY WINE SPECIALS and Wine to Go.. so much fun.. and the selections are pretty darn good..

Drawbacks.. restaurant needs some decor updating.. more drink specials, and a revision of its routine menu items.. esp the apps and happy hour menu...

otherwise Maizies is a great go to place...笑
Great food, service and atmosphere! Loved the sweet potato fries!笑
Really friendly staff, great beer selection, chill atmosphere, and $3 burger and fries on Monday night.  The $3 burger isn't some tiny little squirt of a burger; its a serious gourmet style juicy burger served on a cibatta.  
Monday night also has $10 off bottles of wine all night and $3 beers for happy hour.  What more could you ask for?  How about a delicious buffalo cheese dip.  I practically lick the bowl every time I get it.
This is the reason I have made Maizies my Monday ritual.笑
One of my favorite spots in central Phoenix. Great food, great drinks, and reasonable prices. I really enjoy the bleu burger and sweet potato fries. And, if you fancy the occasional bloody mary, then you have something to look forward to because they make a great one! They also do breakfast on the weekend with specially priced drinks.

On top of all that, they have free wi-fi and are located right on Central Ave, so it's close to all the happenings in the Central corridor, the art galleries and museums. This place is a must-visit!笑
Maizie's is a perfect local spot! 

It's our go-to when we want to take our dog, Tilly, to dinner. Big, friendly patio with great misters when it's hot outside. 

Food is always good and the staff is super friendly. 

Check it out on Tuesday night for a pizza pie and pitcher of sangria. You won't be disappointed and neither will your furry best friend!笑
I was planning to attend Suns game, and live in North Phoenix, so, I left early and went to Maizie's Café & Bistro  (Camelback & Central), something I have wanted to do for a long time. And,...WOW!

Off the Light Rail at the fourth stop and walked around the corner to Maizie's, arriving at about 4:00 PM. Great service, and had a very nice chicken salad sandwich (with halved grapes and bits of celery for crunch) on nicely toasted whole grain bread. Side of SAGE WHITE BALSAMIC FRIES with white dipping sauce. WOW again!! Happy hour, so beers were only $3 and had a Hoegaarden with my meal. Original server was leaving in a shift change, so rang up a check of ONLY $13.66 for sandwich, fries & beer.

Sat on the patio, though there was plenty of space inside at tables and at the bar. Nice atmosphere, with a little car traffic and the occasional Light Rail train. Patio had some tables in the shade and others in the sun, so customers could find their preference.

Stayed for a second beer (draft Kilt Lifter) and another (can of Prescott Brewery Liquid Amber). Good beers both! Really nice vibe! Laid back, relaxed and great service.

Maizie's is a great find!

In the spirit of the Letterman Show, here's my Top Ten list in support of making Maizie's your "go-to" place on the way to a downtown event:

(1) Happy Hour is 2-6 pm Monday-Friday!

(2) Draft beers include Stella Artois, Four Peaks Kilt Lifter & Hoegaarden.

(3) During Happy Hour, all beers are only $3.

(4) Brunch is offered on Saturday & Sunday.

(5) Just a short walk from a Light Rail stop.

(6) Nice vibe in the patio and inside.

(7) TERRIFIC service from friendly and helpful servers.

(8) Big screen TVs inside show the Food Network, not ESPN!

(9) Did I mention that many interesting regional beers (and monthly regional choices) are on the menu in addition to those on draft?

(10) Prices are reasonable, and I left with some bills remaining in my wallet!笑
I had an okay night here.  I can attest to the wingless buffalo dip that it is excellent.  I shared it and everyone in my party wanted to order more.  I had the Santa Fe Chicken sandwich which was pretty good.  Kinda messy but with a little salt was quite tasty.  I am a fry snob so the fries did not make the grade.  Soggy and limp.  However, I did not order them well done so it was partly my fault.  I sampled the tomato-salmon bisque and surprisingly I liked it.  We sat outside which was nice but a little loud at times because of the cars and/or light rail, but I wanted some action in the background.  My friend complained about the car exhaust, so be advised.  I will go back sometime but it didn't leave me with an overwhelming desire to do so.笑
Love going to Maizie's after a long day and work. I love the great happy hour specials, my friends and I can order a bunch of appetizers and some great cocktails without spending a ton of money. The staff is great and very friendly, as well.笑
It was just my second visit here after two years living in PHX. We stopped by for lunch last Friday since I know they have outdoor dining. Now I remember why I didn't go more often. 

Overall Visit was extremely Disappointing.

Food was unlike anything I've experienced before in PHX: I ordered the small Margherita pizza- came out cold and bland. And, I thought that this place was voted one of the "Best Pizza Places in Phoenix."

To add insult to injury, the bill was a whopping $17.00!  Pizza and Iced Tea. 

I won't be coming back.笑
We came here for the $5 appetizers and $3 Sangrias during the happy hour. 

My Sangria, unfortunately, lacked in taste, but it was extremely strong. I would suggest having a different drink here or just drinking water unless you just want a buzz.

The appetizers, however, were excellent! The hummus was tasty and plenty of it to heap on the pita triangles. It came with cucumbers and a tomato salad. The doughnut holes my hubby ordered where soft and yummy, but the wings really hit the spot. 

We sat inside but there is a nice patio outside that looked pretty inviting. Maybe next time.笑
I'm going to start off this blog with an onomonopia. KABLAMMO! That is how I feel about Maizie's Cafe & Bistro. Ok, how do I continue the rest of the blog with words as cool as Kablammo. Well, I'm going to try damnit. 

First off, thanks to our server for putting up with cranky hungry Katie although she might have not even noticed because she put a nipple on a champagne bottle and said suck on this...she really didn't but after starting the beautiful day with bubbles, I started to settle in. And I'm sure hella glad I did! 

The food -- I had the turkey/pine nut/cranberry cream cheese/lettuce/cucumber sandwich thing and went with their coleslaw. I found it funny I ordered coleslaw but the slaw was slawtastic but the sammie was top drawer material by itself. I want one right now. The pine nut on a sammie idea is brilliant by the way.

Good wine selection too and though I'm not usually one to eat/drink with my feet up on another chair, the atmosphere is super chill and I felt relaxed to the max. What a better way to spend the day than good service, excellent brunch food, bubbles, and a best bud. Through my post-Lasik eyeballs, nothing.

Check this place out, I'll be back to try one of their stuffed burgers, KASLAPPA!笑
Just did Sunday brunch at Maizie's they do a lot right.
We split the french toast from the brunch menu and the breakfast burrito.
The burrito was about as good as I have had with options of 4 sauces, we did the read chili and green chili hollandaise. The sauces were delicious and the burrito was just the right amount of eggs, cheese, potatoes and ham not too much of any one ingredient. The french toast was done from a baguette with a side of some sort of cream cheese dish and fresh strawberries. The french toast was a little on the plain side it felt like it needed more batter or something, but it was good in its simplicity. The server was really sweet and genuine as well. If you are looking for a good place to lunch/brunch Maizie's is  a nice little gem in the downtown/corridor area to check out.笑
I am an enormous fan of the food and the atmosphere here. I will have to admit that i only order one thing off the menu and it is fantastic every time i get it. 
This fabulous delight is called the Blue burger, which is a hamburger patty stuffed with blue cheese then grilled to perfection, but it doesn't stop there.
Once finished with the grill itis placed on a chibatta bun and served with lettuce and a side of Buffalo wing sauce for dipping, which if your a fan of all things buffalo makes this burger one of the best.
Throw in a side of fries and a glass of the Malbec and you're on the right road home. 
The service is basically OK and i have never had a n issue with them, but the food would more than make up for any impolite server as once the burger arrives its just me and the deliciousness in the room.笑
I still stand by the potato cakes (although they are flat and not thick any more) and the feta burger - whole heartedly! And, it is true the chicken on the southwestern chicken salad is well seasoned and has a good kick (appropriately soothed/complimented by the corn, jicama, peppers and mixed greens)... but, my most recent trip was on a Sunday and we sat at the bar to avoid the wait.

Our service was excellent, even though they were really busy. Tina, the bartender, was engaging and offered up some great suggestions. That's how I found out about: 

the Drifter pale ale - a very refreshing beer with hints of grapefruit and apricot and LOTS of fizz! 

the $3 mimosas during brunch and, while I don't do bloody marys because of the tomato juice (yuck!) I had a taste of Tina's secret recipe spicy mixer and it's pretty dang good!! I could imagine drinking one of those bloody marys... 

Plus, I noticed they have a Sunnyslope high school football helmet (along with one from Brophy) displayed above the bar! We all know I'm a fan of Sunnyslope... so, for all of these reasons, I'm adding a star!笑
Misleading menu!!! Just ate here and paid 4.50 for a cup of chili and a dollar extra for cheese... Save your self some time and money and go to little Cesar's; Get yourself a hot and ready... Probably won't go here again...笑
after deciding on Hula, we drove past Maizie's and decided to give a new spot a try. the perfect weather lends for sitting outside. the patio is nice and spacious, and there are a few tables inside, complete with a full bar. our server was very prompt and efficient. the menu serves brunch until 2pm and the options are quite extensive for brunch items. 
i ordered a house bloody mary...only 3 bucks and it was perfect! peppery, tomato-ey, and spicy. i sucked it down quick. then the portobello mushroom sandwich was oozing with goodness...the mushroom was cooked to perfection and the goat cheese spread was an excellent touch. my wife ordered the caprese panini and although it was tasty, i for once ordered something i liked better than my wife's. the side of sweet potato fries were delicious...crispy, yet thicker than most places. 
there are many, many other options, including pizza's and entrees as well as a dessert menu. 
very nice find for us and the prices are extremely reasonable.笑
A charming, small restaurant in a central location.
I had wanted to try this place forever and I'm so glad I finally did!
Absolutely wonderful food and top-notch service.
Go when it's not busy so that you get a good seat.
You absolutely MUST try to CenPho Press Panini. Apple slices, bacon, and creamy brie complement eachother SO nicely!笑
I've been here a couple of times and have enjoyed both visits.  The staff has always been friendly, the food is really good with a decent variety of options.  Good drink selections and the prices are definitely fair.

Our last visit one of my friends had the cheese cook out of her "inside out" burger.  She would have been happy with just a side of crumbles, but they quickly refired the whole patty.  They can be a tricky thing to pull off and my southwest burger had plenty of cheese to it, but it was nice they were able to correct a cooking mistake without any hassle.笑
We were very excited to try this place but the service was VERY slow and the food was less than amazing.  Our waitress was not very helpful and took 40 minutes to get us our check.  In the meantime we were freezing because the heater by us went out half way through dinner and there were no more propane tanks.  Our waitress did not acknowledge that we were so cold and still never came by the table.笑
We have become huge fans of taking the Metro whenever we go downtown for any event. It seems crazy not to. Why fight traffic, pay $20 to park and have to walk to the event when you can park for free and for a few bucks get delivered almost to the door of the event. Enhancing that idea lately is to find unique eating places along the way, hop off the Metro and have breakfast, brunch or dinner, then hop back on toward downtown.

When Yelping for such a place I ran across Maizie's. I didn't have time to read any reviews but I went to their website and liked what I saw. Actually I first picked Lux, but because their website is so snobby and pretentious it was impossible to read anything about it on my iPad so I basically said screw them.

So we hopped off the train and walked in to the front door of this wonderfully non-pretentious Maizie's. The lady who greeted us probably ranked as the absolute most warm, gracious and friendly person I've ever been greeted by in a restaurant. Being a Sunday morning they were moderately packed but she found a perfect table for us immediately. If good service is important to you, you can stop reading this review right now because I am giving all of my 100 points to phenomenally great service by every employee we came into contact with, which was essentially everyone because they know the true meaning of teamwork and instead of "it's not my table" every staffer at some point made sure we were well taken care of. I went away with the gut feeling that everyone on their staff bounces out of bed in the morning saying "Good morning world, what a great day to be alive, I love life, I love people and I love my job". At least that's the sparkling attitude they convey. And I would be remiss by not bringing attention to how polite they are.

Oh yeah, the food. This is NOT your run-of-the mill Dennys-style restaurant. The menu selection is unique and varied and made me want to try everything. I opted for the turkey/avocado/bacon benedict (pictured) which was excellent. A little oddly they ask how you would like your eggs prepared ... I thought what makes it a benedict is the poached egg ... but having a choice is not a bad thing.

The food prices are about the same as let's say Denny's but obviously the quality is much better. They have a full bar and their Bloody Mary's are delicious. The ambience both indoors and in the large outdoor patio is relaxed, comfortable and homey.

Maizie's will now be a regular mid-way stop for Metro trips downtown. They have earned a solid 5-stars.笑
I loooove Maizies! 

My absolute favorite on the menu is the strawberry friends salad. I always add the lemon chicken. This salad is bursting with flavor from the dressing to the assortment of fruits and nuts. I love it. 

Try the red sangria too!!笑
I went to Maizie's for brunch this weekend and had a fabulous time!  I was waiting for a friend to arrive and other patrons kept me entertained by recommending several tasty dishes.  I barely opened the menu when my eyes and stomach found what I was looking for:  Turkey Avocado Biscuit Benedict. This breakfast special was awesome!  The spicy green hollandaise sauce was the perfect touch to this meal.  I loved the potatoes on the side.  The patio was a perfect place to have brunch and the wait staff was extremely helpful.  I will be making more trips to this great Phoenix find!笑
What's not to love about a locally owned restaurant with a great menu!? They always feature new lunch and dinner specials and a great happy hour (2-6)! 
The list of beers may be overwhelming, try the "Beer of the Month". only $3! Be sure to catch the "Drunk of the Moment", or become a wine of the month member (it's free!). 
Say what you will about parking you Phoenicians, but have you been to San Diego, San Francisco..? Ok then moving on; There's a few spots in the front and a lot on Pierson that's always open. 
Also one of the only spots along Central with Beer and Wine To-Go!笑
What a cute little place! Maizie's is really adorable! I can't wait for the heat to go away and sit on the patio, it's a bit tight in Maizie's. First we got seated at a table that you literally bump into when you walk in-- I suggest just getting rid of that table. But they moved to a high top for 6. there was another lunch duo on the other side but I don't mind this kind of dining-- kinda fun! 

So I had the salmon salad even though I saw beautiful sandwiches and fries coming out of the kitchen. The salad was fresh, delicious and really big~ so happy I went this route. My lunch buddy had a turkey wrap and she really enjoyed it as well. 

The server was nice, staff was attentive and personable. I did this place! The happy hour looks really great too an I have heard great things about it so I am hoping to hit a HH up there sometime. 

Let me end this on how my lunch ended at Maizie's too--- as we were paying the bill, the most wonderful smell came over me and I look around to see where it is coming from and of course it's the kitchen and a server walks by with the BEST smelling cookie with ice cream over it I have ever seen/smelled. I wanted it so bad but I behaved, maybe next time.笑
This place is pretty awesome, nice vib to the space. If its a nice day, I would totally eat outside- Its a good people watching space. 

Everything we ordered was pretty good, like the crab cakes, turkey wraps (with cranberry sauce) and another entree. But the best part about this meal was the dessert. I believe it was a Blueberry Upside Down cake. AMAZING! 

It does seem like a good neighborhood spot to stop in and have a drink and chill out. Definetely would recommend going here for lunch. 

It is located right off of Central, so its a busy street with limited parking right in front. But there is parking around in the back. Also, because it is located next to 2 schools- 2-4 pm is not the most amazing time to try and navigate traffic there. Just plan ahead. :) 

Totally eating here again for sure.笑
I just went back there with a friend for Monday lunch. Since she had never been here before, and we were both starving, we decided to order 3 items and split them: soup of the day, grilled mozzarella kabob and salmon davida (yes, again, it was that good). 
The soup was tomato based, with cauliflowers and some other veggie, with a slice of toasted french bread with spread. It was delightful, and the bread's spread was slightly tangy, enough to kick off your appetite.
Grilled mozzarella kabob came with a "head" of romain lettuce, also grilled; big enough as a salad entree. The whole dish was drizzled with olive oil and balsamic vinegar. 
Salmon davida (refer to previous review)
Adam, our waiter, was outstandingly friendly and got our items split in half without any hesitation. Love this place!
P.S: good for small group笑
I had such a terrible experience at Maizes that I felt compelled to give back to the Yelp community and write this review. 
I had heard that this place was cool, so a friend and I went to check it out.  The service was super slow (we waited an hour for food) and the food was overpriced and lacked flavor. 
Needless to say, we felt the hype was overrated.笑
This place has a perfect balance of class and comfort.  We started with some green curry soup and I could tell this was going to be a great dinner.  I ordered a wedge steak salad that was just perfect.  The quality if the meat was excellent and the toppings were very fresh.  I love a place where the owner is humble enough to come and shake your hand and thank you for the business.  I will be back.  Great job!笑
Never lets me down. The place has comfortable seating inside and out. Their specials are diverse and the prices are very reasonable.

The selection is a bit slim. A few more selections would be nice, but the burgers and pizza never fail to be very well prepared and very decently sized.笑
I love a burger, Delux is always good!  I ordered the Feta Burger from Mazies and it really dominated any other piece of chuck sirloin I've had.  Feta on the inside of the patty, cooked to perfection between a ciabatta roll-fresh hummus on the side.  Also came with the most amazing fries I've had on the side w/aioli...completely exceeded my expectations!!!  Nice place, great food and a cool urban vibe!   Five stars for amazing food and NON-awkward service...笑
I'm going to rate this one (star-wise) as if I weren't there on an extremely busy night, cause otherwise it wouldn't stand a chance...

We decided to go on a Monday night when they run a really great special on their Bistro Burger and fries for $3. It was a thirty minute wait for a table but we stuck around. We ended up being seated fairly quickly outside on their patio (which could easily hold about five or six more two-tops), but it took five minutes for anyone to even come over to our table. Once the server did arrive, he acted like nobody knew we were even there and apologized for us being transparent. We put in our order because by that time my blind grandmother with a gluten allergy could have figured out what she wanted. When the food arrived they had left out a sauce that was said to be included and after the server dropped it off he seemed to disappear. After finishing, I had to go inside to retrieve the bill so we could head out (which yielded another strange circumstance... me standing literally a foot from the servers face while he rubbernecked around me asking for the bill... I mean I literally had to put my face in his line of vision to get this guys attention from a foot away). I had a feeling the whole time that the server was pissed that we ordered the special, even though we tipped accordingly.

I feel like the experience would've been much better if they weren't so busy. The food was really good (once it all arrived) and cooked to order. The atmosphere was really pretty cool with a nice setup and flat panel TV's with Monday Night Football on... It seemed a little pricey, but as I said the quality was pretty good. 

Overall, I would say it would be a good place to check out, but if I had one more experience like this one I probably would skip it for other places in the area.笑
Thinking of coming here every Monday for 4 dollar bistro burger and fries. Why not right?笑
This was our second visit to Maizie's and it was generally a good experience.  

We were given an estimate of a 20 minute wait for our party of 5 which ended up being a fair amount longer.  The hostess station seemed extremely unorganized and I heard other customers complaining about not being seated quickly enough.  

Once we sat down, our experience was wonderful.  The appetizers were delicious - sweet potato fries with a spicy aioli and a buffalo chicken dip.  My southwest chicken salad was also a winner - the chicken was seasoned well and cooked perfectly.  Our table split two of the dessert specials (a warm blonde brownie with vanilla ice cream) and they too were fantastic.  

Service was a tiny bit slow but it wasn't really an issue.笑
No parking! There's about three spots for the whole place so I'd suggest you park at hula's down the street (also a great spot). 

They have $3 sangria on happy hour, I prefer the white but they have both and they do come chalk full of fruit bits.

I've been here twice. One time I had the strawberry fields salad which was huge, and delicious. Very fresh and summery. I also had the spinach dip, it was also very tasty. 

I love this place and it has a cool vibe. They even have take home bottles of wine. It is pretty tiny though. 

Would be 5 stars but the parking.笑
I really wanted to love Maizie's but after a few visits I think it is just ok on average. I have had brunch there once and lunch three times- the brunch food was much better than the lunch food. I feel that the consistency is just not there yet- I have ordered the same thing on a couple of occasions and it has turned out differently each time.

The highlights are the nice little patio witha great view of the light rail and the delicious breakfast burrito. The salads are decent and I like that they serve them in a big wooden bowl. The veggie burger was a letdown and I found its tazatziki and onion marmelade accompaniments disappointing and bizarre.  Two fellow dining companions ordered the regular burgers and both said they were only ok. A deli sandwich one ordered was pronounced bland.

I hope over time that  food will improve a bit and they will get more consistent. I really want to like Maizies and I will definitely go back to see if it has improved.笑
They have the best bacon infused bloody mary that is a must try!! Neat little place that has different types of wine and a great happy hour. Service was great as well.笑
Maize's is a great neighborhood bistro and a welcome addition to the uptown (and light rail) scene.

Solid food + urban yet comfortable atmosphere + great staff = a great place to catch up with friends for happy hour, get your burger fix on $3 Mondays, or meet your parents for a Sunday brunch.笑
Maizie's is a great feature in the Central Phoenix landscape.  The food is top notch (the inside-out burgers are to die for, as is the skillet cookie for dessert) and the service is pretty darn snazzy as well (shout out to my favorite waitress Hannah!).  Proximity to the light rail is key.  My only qualm might be that parking is difficult.  And don't forget to check out $3 burgers on Mondays.笑
I went to Maizie's for the first time last Friday night after having wanted to try it for awhile. I just went for happy hour, but I was less than impressed. Let me say that the parking is horrible, there are very few spots, there are restrictions on most of the spots...it was a mess. I got Sangria, the husband got a beer (3$ each on HH) and we split the buffalo chicken dip at the waiter's suggestion. The dip was pretty lackluster...very oily, weirdly chunky, and highly acidic.... not something I would want again. The sangria was also extremely mediocre. Kind of just tasted like red wine. The worst part was that after drinking half of it a fly died in the sangria. The husband called attention to this to the waiter who responded 'what do you want me to do about it?' Well....not really a professional response. Then he proceeded to say ' I can bring you something to fish it out with...' Really?? Wow. I understand if they don't replace it as a policy (their patio had TONS of flies (gross) so it probably happens a lot), but he should say it with a little more decency.... try 'I'm sorry, unfortunately we can't replace it, could I get you another one?' or something along those lines. Anyway, I couldn't get out of here fast enough and I won't be returning.笑
We've ate breakfast/brunch here twice. The first time I got the biscuits and gravy (or as I lovingly refer to them, the B&Gs) and the husband got a green chili tostada. I liked the B&Gs, but the gravy wasn't as thick as I normally like and the side of potatoes wasn't anything to write home about. (Scramble has better B&Gs and you can sub the potatoes for fruit, eggs, whatever.) I really liked the few bites I had of the husband's tostada. It was flavorful and crunchy; I'd definitely order that again. The next time we went, I had one of their daily specials -French toast with pecans and bourbon maple syrup. It was really good and the husband wished he had ordered mine. 

We've also been here a few times for lunch and dinner, almost always ordering their inside out burgers. We've had both the Blue and Feta burger. Imagine delicious toppings stuffed inside the burger and cooked to perfect. They're delicious. Also, the sweet potato fries are delicious. 

The location is nice, just south of Camelback on Central Ave. When driving by it could be a little hard to miss and there isn't much parking out front. The patio is great to sit on, especially in cool weather.笑
My friends and I like Maize's on Sunday. We come for breakfast and a $15.00 mimosa bucket.  We have never ordered the same thing twice. Always getting the specials weird things like breakfast pizza and a breakfast tostados, and they are always tasty. It is however a small place and parking is pretty bad.笑
I adore Maizie's. Good burgers.. and drinks. Sit at the bar and you will be well taken care of. The last time I was there, I had a watermelon vodka spritzer.. ONE.. ONE..and I was done. The bartender is always so nice..happy.. and recommends what she has had and likes. THAT is a plus to me. Laid back and trendy. Good date spot..or friends hanging spot.笑
I really enjoy coming to Maizie's. It is very conveniently located right off the light rail.

My favorite item is the asparagus and shrimp pesto penne pasta. The pesto sauce is YUMMY! They also have great burgers and appetizers. 

I have always found the staff to be friendly and quick. 

With all the choices on central I definitely think Maizie's is one of my favorites.笑
On Saturday the 9th of January  2010 I visited Maizie's Cafe and Bistro for the second time. Each time we've gone out to this charming and very busy bistro the experience has been superb.  Our host Tina has welcomed us as if we've been friends for a very long time. I love that! And I'm looking forward to many more visits to Tina's place. 
Both times the staple of our dining experience has been the Wingless Buffalo Dip.  It's a tangy cheesy dip made with Franks Hot Buffalo Sauce.  It was to die for.  Both times.  The burger was great. I do recommend the Spinach Artichoke Dip.Also one of my favorites.  

 Awesome menu! I'm looking forward to many more dining experiences here at Maizie's


Yo! Tina! See you soon!笑
I want so desperately to like Maizie's. The food is good, the atmosphere is decent, and it's on my street, just a 5 minute walk from my front door. Unfortunately after two terrible and embarrassing experiences I have decided to boycott them for life.

On Sunday I was meeting someone for a business lunch. He suggested Carly's, I suggested Maizie's. He called Maizie's to see if they had any specials. The woman on the phone said that they have happy hour from 2-4pm on Sundays. When we got there we ordered some drinks from the young man and I asked "what's on special?" He laughed and said "we don't have specials on Sunday." I told him about how we called 20 minutes earlier and were told about happy hour. Again he laughed and said that they have never has specials and looked at me like I was lying. I asked to speak with the manager. He would not get the manager to come over. I said "do I have to get up and find the manager myself?" He said "do whatever you want."

I spoke with the manager (blonde woman) and explained the backstory. She repeated the same statement "we've never had happy hour on Sunday." I told her I didn't care about that, I just want to know why I was told this on the phone. At this point most people in the packed restaurant were staring at us. We decided to leave since she was clearly uninterested in fixing this problem. After we went to Carly's (for a great dining and drinking experience) we got a call from the manager at Maizie's. She found out what employee gave us the incorrect info and offered us a couple free drinks. Nice try but I can't be bought off that easily. Free drinks doesn't make up for the bad attitude, terrible customer service, and embarrassing situation in front of a lot of people.

Usually one bad experience isn't enough for me to give up on a place I love, but this wasn't the first time. The last time I came to Maizie's was 6 months ago, and there is a reason I haven't been back in 6 months. My girlfriend and I just finished our $100.00+ dinner and drinks and had paid our bill. Ten minutes after we paid, as we finished our drinks, a waitress came over to us and asked us if we would leave so that they could seat a large group that just walked in. No other tables were open, she didn't offer to move us, she asked us to leave. Seriously messed up and also embarrassing. So we left. I'm done leaving this place angry. Maizie's is done.笑
I really like Maizie's, but unfortunately will not get to go as often anymore. I hate to report that after our last visit, my husband received a bad bout of food poisoning. It was, in fact, his first time puking in approximately 10 years. It was not pleasant for him and it was not pleasant for me. For that reason, I guess I'm going to have to drop one star from my previous review. 

The thing is, I really love Maizie's. I love their menu and I love their atmosphere. Unfortunately, the portobello sandwich...or maybe it was the cottage cheese...just doesn't love my husband and that means I don't get to visit quite as often.  :(笑
Hey, anyone know what happened to Maizie's?  Had lunch there in early December and then it closed a couple of weeks later.  No warning.  One of our units had planned their holiday dinner there and bought gift certificates for the occasion, only to find it closed.笑
After seeing a segment on Maizie's on the news one morning I had to check this place out and I must say I was very impressed. They have a pretty extensive menu and I had a blood orange cocktail that was to die for. I had a chicken dish while my hubby enjoyed the surf and turf special. Great deal for the money...I was surprised at the meals you can get for $12-$15 a plate. We shared the Half Baked cookie for desert....yummy! 

The only reason I didn't give this place a 5 was because the parking is kinda screwy.笑
So I went here last night and I have got to tell you that even though I am getting more frugal with handing out my 5 stars... but after the "Smoked Pulled Pork Sliders" this place is definitely deserving of 5 stars ................... I had brunch here I believe a couple of Sunday's ago and it was one of those bloody Mary therapy mornings and they came through with flying colors I had the corn beef Benedict and it was just unbelievable very hard to describe but when something just works and seems to come together in perfect harmony it just has to be praised....... the only and I do mean only thing I can complain about is size,....... portions and seating area are to small but that in itself is a testament to the quality of  their food leaves you wanting more and needing more room for the masses anyway I think I'm rambling now so until next time笑
Went for some wine and appetizers with mother in law from California. I have been to maizie's twice before and had good times. This night however we had a new server who didn't quite know the menu items or the bar items. It was frustrating when trying to figure out what to order. 

The worst was when we ordered wine and the wine glasses had a funny smell to them. My bar tender friend said it is from the dishwasher using to much sanitation solution when washing the dishes. We got new glasses of wine that didn't have the funky smell in the glass. The lettuce wraps were excellent.笑
Maize's has good food, friendly service and a hipster kind of vibe. I would recommend the salmon eggs Benedict or the turkey Benedict. It taste great!笑
I have only been here once, and found it to be fun!  We went on a Monday, which has $4 burgers when you order a drink.  Being that it was also happy hour, I got a good sized burger with a big plate of fries (they will also substitute sweet potatoe fries for $1) and a large glass of sangria for a whopping total of $7.  Not bad for a dinner that totally filled me up!  Parking was a bit of a pain since the lot in front only has about 3 spaces, but we found street parking only about a block away.  I will deff be going back, though probably on Monday (just due to the prices!)  Enjoy!笑
What a wonderful place to dine. My wife and I were looking for someplace new to grab a bite to eat. Mazie's is a short 10 minute walk from our home so we decided to give it a try - especially since the heat here in Phoenix has subsided. 

First and foremost the service is excellent. We were greeted with smiles at the door and delight in answering our questions about the establishment. OK, it's a restaurant so food is important. We found the menu quite delightful and peppered with a few surprises. You have to give the buffalo blue cheese appetizer a try - it was wonderful. We were delighted with the rest of our meal as well, especially the $35 bottle of Spanish Tempranillo. 

Desert, yes desert, was wonderful. We had their version of Strwaberry Shortcake. Well it's Sunday morning at noon and I am still full from our wonderful dinner. 

One of the best parts of the meal was when Mazie herself cam over to talk to us. Her excitement for what she is creating was contagious. We certainly wish her luck with this gem of a restaurant. 

In short the food is great, the service is wonderful,  Mazie is a proud owner and you can't go wrong with the very reasonable prices. Now get yourself to Mazie's and get ready for a wonderful/refreshing experience. 

PS - Ask for Cha Cha, what a great waitress!笑
It was love at first sight. 

- You know what was really nice about the whole experience? It was this, "Maizies" has very nice servers who couldn't have been any more pleasant and the place is Super Clean! I love that!! This is so important to me! You know that everything is on the up and up because its' spotless. It makes the dining experience much more enjoyable! After you make a mess of yourself with the burger you can head back to their very clean bathrooms and wash up so you are set to go for the rest of the day without feeling messsyyy!!!!!!!!!

Highly recommend buying a side of the Sage White Balsamic Fries. Not greasy and just the right amount of crisp to them with a splash of citrus horseradish sauce on the side. You mix those with their dipping sauce that comes with them and some ketchup and umm, yeah, well you are in Fry Heaven! I demolished these things.

-Atmosphere is great
-There's free parking around the back, and in the front. 
-I had a great and friendly service
-The Bruschetta with fresh mozzarella and pesto was amazing!
-OVERALL 5 STARS!!!!!笑
Now that it's cooling down, I'll be heading back to Maizie's!   Summertime heat practically requires eating inside where it is just way too cramped and noisy (all those hard surfaces reflect every little sound).  But the patio is oh so lovely in the fall, winter and spring!   Love the Tuesday night pizza specials, the stuffed burgers, sweet potato fries, and every dessert I've tried has been superb (and even a bit too large!)   Service is always friendly and prompt, water glasses always refilled, happy hour specials are a great deal, large and tasty!    Like them on Facebook and get (seemingly) daily updates on specials!   Love Maizie's!笑
Lovely little place with friendly service and good food. Nothing blew me away, but nothing disappointed either. Prices were a little high, IMO, for what you get. For instance, the California spinach salad with chicken added cost $12 - not outrageous, but quite high for lunch at a neighborhood place with just 4 ingredients. The dressing was a little too oily, too. The Savannah chicken salad sandwich was a more reasonable deal, for $8, but their multigrain bread looked and tasted more like white bread than anything. The noodle kugel option for a side was a nice surprise...don't see that on too many menus...and was pretty good, although a little on the sweet side and a little too runny. This is the kind of place I wouldn't rush back to but would definitely not object if someone else wanted to go here.笑
I've been to Maizies for dinner twice now, and I have to say, I just love it.   It's just the right combination of nice, local, friendly, relaxed and a little bit upscale.    The food has been delicious (I'm a giant fan of the salmon blt) and the service was great.  I think it's clearly my favorite restaurant in "CenPho".   Check it out and you'll be happy you did.笑
After coming back from such an amazing first vacation from San Diego, California, my girlfriend and I were searching all over phoenix for a place that made us remember the amazing atmosphere. We searched on Yelp for a similar place. And stumbled across this AMAZING bistro. 
The food is amazing. 
The employees are dressed very nicely. 
The drinks are on point. 
I will be coming back for as long as I'm in Phoenix.笑
Things that are awesome about Maizies:

- $5 glasses of Sangria that are really quite tasty
- Their Boneless Buffalo Dip, which tastes like buffalo wings dipped in cheese sauce, but comes in dip format with tortilla chips and pita wedges for dipping. our server suggested it and I can see why it is so popular. Melted cheesy deliciousness
- The owner has been in every time I've been there. He asks how you are enjoying everything and thanks you for coming. I think he might drink there every night (probably what I would do if I owned a restaurant). I don't really know him, so I don't know if he's a good guy or not, but I appreciate when the guy at the top actually spends time making sure everything is working.
- The burgers with the toppings inside are good and only $3 on Monday evenings. 
- They have a huge list of salads

Things that aren't so awesome:
- It's pretty busy here all the time (wait, maybe this should go in the awesome category)
- The salads come in bowls exactly the same as we had growing up - meaning the same size that my mother would use to feed a family of four. It feels a little gluttonous and salad doesn't really keep until the next day if there's dressing on it, so it's hard to take the leftovers home.

Those are really my only complaints. I've been here a couple of times and Hannah (not sure if that's spelled correctly) has been the server every time. She is really helpful. I feel like I needed to give public props to her for that - I imagine other people like her as well.笑
There's only one reason why I consider making a trip to Maizie's.  The jalapeno ranch dressing.  5 up for the jalapeno ranch.  It's aMAIZIEng!  Your tastebuds will not be disappointed.  I dip everything in it.  

Sandwiches with jalapeno ranch.
Sweet potato fries with jalapeno ranch.
Salad with jalapeno ranch.
Fish with jalapeno ranch.
Fruit with jalapeno ranch.
Dessert with jalapeno ranch (just kidding).

I usually stick to the same few dishes (with a few substitutions here and there) and the staff is very kind and accommodating.  They serve meat, but have veggie choices - plural - unlike other restaurants that only have one veggie choice.

Sit inside or out.  I choose out because it's less crowded and not annoyed by the tellies.  But they do allow pets so keep that in mind if you don't like eating next to animals.笑
Kudos first: Great beer and wine. Super fun, energetic and cozy scene. Mega plus for allowing puppy dogs on the patio! I love enjoying happy hour or a late night chat here with a drink in hand and fellow urbanite at my side.

On the edible side, I haven't been enthralled with the food. I can't say I've had anything that tasted awful, wasn't cooked all the way thru, or had some kind of body part mixed in that didn't belong. But for a vegan, there aren't that many options. That's no surpise for Phoenix, but what options I do have aren't impressive. The fact that the portabella buger was NOT included on $5 burger night is discouraging. Is that some kind of subtle hint that meatless crew are not welcome here?

I'll come again, but I probably won't plan on eating unless it's a side of fries. If you've read any of my other reviews, you know that no matter what, I'll always eat the fries.笑
Excellent food, excellent service and a very short walk from the light rail make this a perfect place for dinner.  It's a small place so larger groups may have to wait a little longer than a traditional restaurant but the food is worth it and the wait staff is excellent.笑
This place is somewhere in between 3 and four stars.  It is a great local hangout with outdoor seating with misters in the summer.  They have a great south-west chicken salad, but the menu is kind of un-interesting.  On Monday's they have Burger Night with $5 burgers, but do remember that you need to get a drink with that to earn that price.  Burgers are not that great.  During happy-hour they have really tasty sangrias for $3.笑
I went to Maizie's last night, after downloading the Yelp App for my iPhone.  I was stunned at the quality of the food and the outstanding service.  Our server knew the menu, knew how to treat customers and had some great recommendations for us to try.  I got the Blue Burger, and it had the Blue Cheese stuffed inside the patty.  Yum.  And the fries were perfect.  Not the pre-made bag fries, but fresh cut with the skin on and deep fried to perfection (not soggy).  After settling the tab, we walked out and one of the staff (not our waitress) even poked her head out the door and said thanks and goodbye.  That's excellent customer service in my book.

There was only one thing wrong, and this goes for a large number of restaurants, bring me the bottle of ketchup (catsup), not some tiny little dipping cup.  I hate when, you're in the middle of your meal and you have to wait for a server to fetch you another ketchup (catsup).

We will be back to try some of the other menu items, that's a promise.笑
I went to Maizie's after hearing many different friends rave about the place. I had heard about the parking problem, but I was able to get a spot right out front. I immediately liked the crowd and the staff was very friendly. We decided to split the Fish Fry and the Chicken Alfredo and mentioned this to our waitress. The waitress was very sweet (I would guess she was one of the owners or manager). When our food arrived she had already divided the portions in half with each in it's own dish. That sold me on the place right there. Most places would have charged extra to do this and she did it without us even asking for it. The fish and chips were outstanding. I do think had that been all I had ordered the  fish would have been to small for the price. There were only two pieces (one for each of us) and at $14 that's a bit steep, but the sides were plentiful and tasty too. The slaw was surprising good. The hush-puppy was tasty as well and not dry at all. I am so glad that we ordered the fish, because if we had only ordered the pasta, I would never have been back. It reminded me of the $1 frozen pasta that they sell at the supermarket. It was really not good. I did rate this place with four stars though, so while the pasta was not good and the fish portions were smallish, I did really like the place and can't wait to try one of their famous burgers. The place has a great vibe and now that I know not to order the pasta, I look forward to my next visit,笑
Oh Maizie's...what can I say, you had me at $4 Dollar Burger Night!  I have really never had a bad meal at this local Phoenix establishment!  Even on their busiest nights, normally Monday for $4 burgers, the staff is accomodating. If you want good food, nice staff then try Maizie's I promise you wont be disappinted!笑
I'm pretty much content with a solid order of sweet potato fries, and Maize's nailed it!  My girlfriends and I hit up Maize's after a yoga session in the park downtown (Yes, thank you for not turning us away for being scrubby and sweaty!).  After a seriously long internal debate on whether to order breakfast or lunch, I decided to compromise with a mimosa (breakfast) and the Uptown Caprese sandwich with sweet potato fries (lunch).  We started off with spinach and artichoke dip, it was good, not the best I've had, but a solid start.   The sandwich on the other hand, was sinful!  The balsamic dressing paired perfectly with the cheese, basil and Panini bread!  The sweet potato fries were perfectly cooked and salted.   I'll admit I drooled over my friend's blueberry topped raisin French toast throughout the entire meal, so next time I'll have to try breakfast!  Overall, great food, great service!笑
When I asked the server where he was from, it led to a discussion about   how historically trains would stop in Maricopa!  All joking aside, this place is a good after dinner spot or happy hour spot to come and chat with a friend about why there are no Amtrack train stops in Phoenix!  
They have a decent wine list and I would not really sit outside here because it is nothing really special...but the place has its purpose.笑
Amazing sweet potato fries. Period.笑
I'm always looking for cute places to go to brunch... and this one made the list - and passed all expectations.  The spicy bloody mary was a risk for me (not my favorite) - but it was excellent...and the food was even better.

The service, although good, was a little out of sync with the conversation at the table so it seemed like he was always interrupting us... however, girls at brunch don't really stop talking - so who can blame the guy? 

Over all, great experience!笑
Afternoon happy hour from 2 until 6 is very generous. This laid-back establishment is a perfect place to while away the afternoon blues on a hot, hot day in July.
The appetizers for $5 and the sangria for $3 make this a feel good sort of place. 
You don't save much on the wings but the rest of the appetizers are a good deal. The hummus is very tasty and the doughnut wholes are a great snack or even a light dinner.
The wait staff is efficient and our food and drinks were all correct when delivered to us. 
When we were there everyone sitting at the bar was wearing black. Possibly this is the required garb for acceptance into Maizie's cool club. 
If you just want a place to hang out, this is a viable spot and it won't cost you an arm and a leg. 
They have a few parking spaces out front but there is additional parking out back. This place is easy to find as it is on Central, just south of Camelback.笑
This place a a 5 minute bike ride from my house and really satisfies that bike workout hunger. We had a umrah room and Gouda burger! Say what?! Gouda on a burger??? Yeah I'll take it. It was cooked perfectly how we asked And the sweet potatoes fries really   Made my stomach and soul happy. They had a bunch of crazy deals, and they have jazz Thursday nights! Check it out if you're in the area!笑
Dropped in for a drink, sat at the bar. The bartender was attentive and friendly. I ordered their version of a margarita and it was quite tasty. I will remember to order without salt next time. Some other people had ordered pizza and it looked and smelled amazing, looking forward to coming back to try the food!笑
My husband and I decided to grab a drink at Maizie's a few years ago while waiting for a real estate agent to show us a condo at the Landmark towers nearby.  We've been back several times.

We've never had a bad experience.  The wait-staff are always friendly and quick.  Even on the busiest days (Sunday brunch, Saturday afternoon) they are prompt with the refills and apologize if things take a second longer than they think they should.  

The menu has changed slightly a few times since we first started coming here nearly four years ago but our favorites are still there.  My husband usually gets the Sonoran chicken salad and I usually get the tuna salad sandwich on flat bread with sweet potato fries.  (I can't resist sweet potato fries.)  I had their Cenpho press one time (without the bacon) before it was a panini and it was very good.  Apples and Brie - it sounds odd but it's great!  (And now I'm craving it....)笑
We really enjoy Maizie's when we went - our sandwiches and burgers were really delicious, and while we didn't try the fries, my side salad was also nice to pair with my sandwich. Also, the glass of wine i received was HUGE - not going to complain about that!笑
I love the food and atmosphere at Maizies.   I have made a focus to support local businesses first whenever i can and Maizes has become a neighborhood hangout.  The staff is always pleasant, and the mgmt is always welcoming and addressing any issues quickly and with professionalism...  great place for dinner or a drink笑
First, love Maizie's staff.... Tina, Michael and Maizie's dad Joel.... always friendly, helpful, and truly real.  Now the food:  the antipasto appetizer is way more than a starter.  Not only beautiful, it's wonderful and good as an entree.  The pizza is some of the best around... good sauce, and wonderful toppings.  We love the burgers, and on mondays the regularly priced burger (8.00) is only 3.00 with fries!  and happy hour rounds you out with a 3.00 beer.  6 bucks for a great meal.....  good salads that are meals in them selves.  So glad places like this help us to fight the chain gang restaurants.笑
Great breakfast spot! Amazing food for the right price! Bottomless mimosas for $15.00, great patio!笑
Wow. What happened? We left our dinner last night very disappointed in the fare. positives: our server was great. He checked in on us, made sure our beverages were filled; he good tell we had lots of catching up to do with our friends, so he allowed us the time to do that and not hover over us. The other plus was the trout. Trout is so easy to overcook, and ours was moist and well prepared. The burger was ordered medium rare and it came out very well done. The grilled chicken sandwich was also overcooked and the meat was dry. Where trout can be tricky to prepared, burgers & grilled chicken are menu staples and should be a snap to prepare. 

We love supporting local businesses, but this is one I doubt we'll return to after this experience.笑
sooo good!!! never dissapointed! great patio. Maize is a little sweetie, she is always in there!! which is great!!笑
Anyone else notice how once you roll out of bed on a weekend around 1pm it's nearly impossible to find some good old breakfast food? And those dedicated breakfast spots a la the Good Egg just give me the willies. 

Thanks yelp for pointing me in the direction of Mediocre Maizie's (which seems to be the consensus around here). Well, Khamis H. and I thought we had scored big time and found a New Favorite. Before we had even received our food! A brash statement, but maybe it was the chalkboard sign greeting us at the door with $3 mimosas and the brunch until 4pm (on Sundays). We were really hungry and Maizie filled us up!

I woke up that particular Sunday wanting a delicious breakfast burrito. And I got one at Maizie's. I will admit it needed a little something something on the inside but it probably would have been great with the ham that I vegetarian-ly omitted. Khamis H. got a build-your-own "omelet" aka scramble that came with potatoes and toast. Looked good. 

A lot on the menu sounded awesome too like the sandwiches and pizza but I am most intrigued by the 3-6 happy hour and discounted apps. Blue Moon on draft people! 

I did enjoy the interior, it was almost that trendy-familiar aesthetic but different enough to be unique. The sunny patio reminded me of a joint in San Diego. And I was amazed by the totally see-through sink in the bathroom.

One con: Apparently you can get a burger and fries on Mondays for $3, but this excludes the house-made veggie burger. Sadness. At least Maizie said, regretfully, that she wished she could, but can't. hmf.笑
Ummmm....not my favorite!! Have heard a lot of great things about Maizie's, but had a late lunch there over the weekend and was kind of underwhelmed.

We found the whole seating process very disorienting and confusing, but once we were settled, we found the menu to be too big and overwhelming! I am a girl who loves an option, but this is like a Cheesecake Factory effect where I begin to assume they serve everything, yet specialize in nothing. Plus, there are a million people running around the restaurant, but it didn't seem like anyone was really providing good service to their tables. Actually, that was because nearly every server was eating in plain sight of the diners, which just bugs, especially when my ice tea is empty. 

My BF and I both ordered salads....both were okay although there were definitely some serious lettuce rejects in both. The chili was quite good though, which was a nice surprise!

Looks like they have a good happy hour and a committed local Cen Pho crowd, which is always a pleasure to see, but I just didn't quite get it.  Sorry Maizie's, not thinking I'll be back anytime soon.笑
I just did $3.00 Monday Night burgers at Maizies again and I do have to admit that when you are starving for their nummy burgers, you get a little impatient waiting outside.

But it is worth the wait.  Wait times on Mondays vary depending what time you get there and remember if you are waiting for your friends that they will not sit you until all of your party is there (which is understandable, since they are in high demand).

The wait staff is always friendly despite how busy they are and as crazy as it sounds, we have sat outside all 3-4 times we have gone on Monday nights and it wasn't too bad with the misters in the shade.

All I can say that sitting outside, we got to sit and eat faster than anyone else and our food came out surprisingly quick as well.  There really isn't a $3.00 burger as good as Maizies.  They serve their burgers on Ciabatta bread with all the fixings, but if you want cheese it is $1.00 more.

So, if you are ever jonesing for a burger on Monday nights then hit up Maizies for sure, it will satisfy your craving as well as be good for your budget.笑
Tuna Salad, Potato Crusted Chicken Tenders, 2 Ice Teas- $27:  Howdy, Motordog here.  Had lunch at Maizies today.  Nice noisy atmosphere.  Which is kinda fun sometimes, but do not go in there if you have a headache cause the concrete floors bounce the sound all around.  I ordered the Salad with Tuna.  Expecting a small dinner plate of mixed lettuces and a scoop of tuna.  Well HOLY TOLEDO they brought out a bowl that looked like it could feed a family of four.  Which is good cause this "Tommy was hungry for salady" (kind of a play on movie made by Chris Farley).  The lettuce was great (sorry but you salad eaters know the difference) the tomatoes actually tasted like tomatoes and the rest of the Vs were crispy and cold!  They put two decent sized scoops of tuna that was delicious (wish I knew what they put in it).  But I felt for the size of the salad it could of used a little more.  I asked for just a little more and guess what they brought me a another whole scoop (WTF!! Over delivering on service!! No FFING WAY I'm not used to being treated well).  I had the raspberry vinaigrette on the side and it was great.  My lunch date (little ms. long legs) had the Potato (silent e) crusted chicken tenders and she gobbled (no offense chickens) them down with their BBQ sauce and Chipolte Ranch.  So I say to all:  RELEASE YOUR HOUNDS ON THIS CASTLE .  ATTACK WITH YOUR FANGS.  I saw the burgers and they look good too.  I did not mention the server because I did not get his name but he was "On Top of It".  I would give it 5 stars but the noise took it down one.  Also be careful of the parking.笑
Maizie's provided the space and catering for my husband's retirement celebration in early November. Sally the General Manager & Jane the Bar Manager were excellent to work with as well as the Chef in preparing a perfect menu of food and beverage. The server and bartender were attentive and perfect.  Our evening was special and affordable and held in a place we are comfortable and enjoy visiting - Maizie's!笑
I dig Maizie's.  It's a great little place just south of Camelback on Central.  The staff is ultra-friendly and courteous, the food is great, and the atmosphere is awesome!  We've been there a handful of times now and I haven't yet found something I don't like there.  My favorite is the "near-famous" (or is it "soon-to-be-famous", I can't remember which) chili, which is awesome, by the way.  I've had the burger and it's pretty good as well.  My wife's favorite dish is the wingless buffalo dip.  I have to agree with her, it's really good!  And they serve it with a mixture of chips and pita bread.  In my opinion, the only way they could make it better would be to lose the chips and just serve it with extra pita bread.

I saw a sign on the door saying they have free wi-fi, although Maizie's seems more like a place to be social and hang with friends.  The patio is really nice.  They have a great selection of wine and beer, including my current favorite, Four Peaks Kiltlifter, on tap. The only negative thing about Maizie's I've found so far is that it can be a little warm when it gets busy.  And I'm not just talking about the spice in the Chili, although it has a nice bit of heat as well!笑
Maizie's has it all.. cool space.. wonderful service.. accessible menu.. well priced. 

Had the Bleu inside out burger.. very tasty and super juicy! WARNING! These burgers are stuffed.. meaning all the cheese is on the inside.. if you get a blow out (like I did) you're screwed! I burnt the hell out of my hand on the first bite.. the molten cheese sprayed all over my hand as the burger patty blew out the side. OMG, that was so fucking painful.. my first instinct was to lick it off (I don't waste cheese) but I'm sure that would have blistered my mouth. So word of caution.. eat these carefully. My hand was tender the rest of the evening but nothing a glass of wine didn't help. I should have told the server but didn't want her to feel bad about it. Though they need to add a warning label!!

The strawberry cake in the parfait glass was pretty tasty as well.. so save room!

Tasty but dangerous!!笑
Took the light rail late on a Saturday night.  The place was busy but we were able to sit at a community table.  I love when places will seat you at a table with others.  I love being able to chat with new people and share the dining experience.  The owner stopped by and made a few comments and left us alone which I also thought was nice.

Our waiter was a bit slow but it seemed like he was working the entire place.  He also dislocated his knee earlier in the shift but kept working through it.  We forgave him because he had such a good personality.

I ordered the Pizza Burger which sounded great but didn't really deliver the way I expected.  A patty filled with Italian sausage and mozzarella and covered in marinara is a great idea but it fails in its execution.  The meal was cooked well and they get extra points for trying something new, but the blend of tastes was lost inside the patty.  I much rather would have seen the sausage and cheese outside of the patty, stacked.  The flavors would have come out more.

The wife got roasted vegetables & shrimp pesto.  The pesto was wonderful but she felt like the veggies (zucchini, squash, asparagus) were a bit bland and were overpowered by the pesto.  She enjoyed it but, again, it could have been executed better.  

We ordered a pizza-cookie thing (like at Oreganos) for dessert.  It came out burnt and was just inedible.  The sugar was super caramelized and tasted like caramel in some places and tasted like burning in others.  I had to complain because I just couldn't eat it.  They busted out another one in about 5 minutes at which point I realized that they had a conveyor belt oven (like at Quiznos) and were cooking the thing at way too high of a temperature.  The second one was decent but it is better just about everywhere else.

The saving grace of Maizie's is the atmosphere.  It is really just a nice place to hang out.  You can watch the train go by, there are a bunch of TVs that you can watch the game on, and the workers are friendly.  The food isn't bad but they need a bit more experience in the kitchen.  This is a place that has a ton of potential (and a decent happy hour) so it deserves some attention.  Check it out and see for yourself.

Update: Went for late lunch/early dinner on Monday.  Mondays are apparently "Burger Monday" which constitutes a $3 Bistro Burger.  Great deal.  On top of that $5 appetizers and cheap booze during happy hour dramatically change the dining experience.  

I had a half a tuna salad sandwich and a bowl of peperjack, potato, & broccoli soup.  Both were very good and came with a pickle.  The wife had the $3 Bistro Burger.  She ordered it medium and it came well done.  She said that it was good for $3.  I'm going to give this place another star because the waiters are caring and make sure everything is right and the deals are great when they have them.笑
I've found myself at Maizie's three times in the last two weeks, so you might be able to gather that I like it.  First and foremost, I enjoy their happy hour specials.  Five dollar select appetizers- including the infamous boneless buffalo chicken dip, as well as $3 beers and well spirits.  I'm a fan of a good happy hour special.  it runs the standard 3-6 hour.

Other than the buffalo dip, I have enjoyed the Southwest Chicken Wrap which I thought was above average.  A little heavy on the guacamole (will have to ask for it on the side next time) but otherwise, enjoyable.  It wasn't $3 like everyones Monday night burger but that is the price I must pay for not eating beef.  

Service has always been spot on (on my three visits), and I think it is cool that you can actually see Maizie wandering our, serving people.  There is something to be said when the actual namesake can be found in the restaurant doing the dirty work.  The servers smile a lot, and get you what you need in a timely manner.

A note:  The Monday that we attended $3 burger night, Maizies was super packed.  We had a large party of six and ended up waiting close to an hour- so show up early for that cheap beef!笑
Great service. Good food. Had the italian club which was picked out by our server...excellent choice!笑
I am not impressed with this place, my original review makes this clear. However, the fact that they were closed on the Sunday of Memorial Day weekend makes them useless in my book. I was bringing two friends who had never been there, and still haven't because they were closed.

Businesses up and down Central Ave were busy, especially Hula's. They could have gotten the overflow from Hula's but they were closed at 7:30 on a Sunday night.笑
This place gets better and better with each visit. For the most part, a group of us head down often for the Wingless Buffalo Dip and drinks, & fabulous conversation. We vowed that we would get together more often in 2010...and this has become one of our fave hangouts. Love Tina at the bar! Perfect atmosphere. Happy that Maizie's Cafe has become one of our fave spots. Cheers!笑
Brunch Review:

DYNaMITE BLOODYMARYS. Something special.

Expensive. Tasty. Friendly staff. GREAT tomato relish on the side. 

I like to go to brunch here on Sundays. I sit at the bar, and there is usually a sports game on, a good looking bartender pouring me coffee, and a guy with a hangover wearing sunglasses wishing he'd ordered the breakfast burrito sitting next me. Most of the dishes have some southwest/mexican food influencing the cuisine. 

The BIG 'ol Bistro Breakfast is delicious. I think it might be one egg too many, but the Cappicola and potatoes are delish.

The Rojo Chili de La Casa is my go to, unless they have a special like Machaca Tostada's or Country Benedict (with sausage patties in place of Canadian Ham)

They are really good about keeping the drinks topped off.笑
Sunday afternoon and a packed patio is always a good sign of  great food or cheap drinks!  Maizie's delivered on both.  We were smart enough to sit at the bar and avoid the wait.  Our bartender was overly gracious for how busy the place was and she seemed to know everyone at the bar.  Lots of locals another great sign.

I didn't even have to look at the menu as there was already a pitcher of Bloody Mary's in front of me and the guy's plate next to me was insane.  Chicken Fried Steak was the special of the day.  Nice crispy potatoes with a large cut of steak doused in gravy and topped with two eggs.  I was stuffed the rest of the afternoon!

Come prepared to sit and soak up some rays on the patio and see many of smiling faces around you.  The food and environment are great.笑
i was really impressed with this impossible-to-park-at cafe. i think i committed three moving violations in two minutes trying to find a place to park and being trapped on the southbound side of central (stupid awesome light rail!). 

on an aside, anyone else not able to say or think "moving violations" without thinking of that 80s movie with bill murray's much less talented brother? and that song!

anyway, i kind of expected my florist buzz surrounding my florist quality service and options. not at all! all servers were incredibly friendly and helpful - a feat given my dad's refusal to read a menu. it must be told to him, by a beaming, pretty waitress, please.

patio is quite noisy and cramped - btw can't they do something about people locking their bikes to the fence since their handlebars stick into your sitting space and take up even more precious space?? they're prob the servers' bikes ... so work it out!

we happened to go today, on St. Patrick's Day, and they had a special menu of Irish-inspired entrees. dad picked corned beef, mashed potatoes and gravy. i have never, ever tasted corned beef that was good. ever - it's typically stringy and tough. this was delicious, and they won my hard to please dad like whoa.

i chose the cali spinach and added chicken; and that cheese, dressing and almond combo is divine.

and yes, bonnie, not only did my dad enjoy this hipster joint, but that garlic bread is pretty good, too.笑
Lunch with girlfriend.  I had the spinach salad which was very good.  Food came out quick, would eat there again.笑
I've only been twice, and I must admit that I got the same thing both times....but it was delicious both times! I love the atmosphere...great for relaxing with a close friend. Their menu looks great, so I guess I should try some different food next time!笑
Loves it! Yummy salads and great burger special. Service is amazing too.笑
My friend L. suggested Maizie's and one other restaurant, from a list of top 80 restaurants in PHX, for our date night last night. I checked out the menu for the other place and it seemed a little uppity, so I picked Maizie's, which was undoubtedly a good choice. It took a little finding last night since they don't have a lit-sign (or at least I don't think they do), but we eventually found it and made our way in. 

On a Wed. night around 8pm, it was filled to the rim. I was worried we might have to wait in the sub-40 temps outside but there was a table waiting with our name on it. It's a really small cafe, so we were pretty much right on top of the people dining around us, but they eventually left so it didn't bother me much. I had my eyes set on the cashmere martini but I saw they had some hot drink specials, so I got the almond joy hot chocolate...mmmmm. To start we got the spinach arty dip and grilled asparagus bruschetta. The spindip was pretty standard and the bruschetta was pretty interesting. Not your "typical" bruschetta, but I liked it. 

L had the prime roast special which looked delish which he said was really good, and I had the tangy turkey sandwich, probably because I have a mild obsession with turkey + cranberry + cream cheese. My meal was really good (as a matter of fact I just finished my leftovers). I got their house fries which are SO good. You can tell that their homemade which made them all the better. We finished off our meal with a 1/2 serving of the cranberry bread pudding which was perfect.

The price was perfect and it's right off of the light rail if you don't feel like driving. I'll definitely be back.笑
Have always enjoyed the food, great service, and a special entrée every day.  You have to try the Buffalo Dip!笑
I've given this place all the shots that I can.  Twice before, I've experienced bad service and mediocre food at best.  This time, meh, service was meh, food was atrocious.  I've had a better salad at McDonald's.  Three times was supposed to be the charm, and maybe it really is.  I won't be going back, and that's the good thing.笑
Sunday morning rolls around and a group of us head down town and yelp mobile new places for Brunch. Mazie's came up and the review boasted mimosas and bloodies for $3 bucks, so we decided to try something new.
As we arrive we notice there is a decent size patio outside, but all the tables were in the sun so we opted for the inside. Aside from being a little loud the set up is decent, the space is small and intimate with a good energetic vibe.
We ordered the $3 mimosas and were not disappointed by the champagne to OJ ratio in our drinks. I'd give 4 stars for the drinks alone, they also had $5 sangrias that were delicious, not too sweet and you could tell they used a decent wine.
Our server was a bit forgetful, but nice all the same. I'm bumping my rating down to 3 stars as the food was pretty disappointing. I don't mind paying $9 bucks for "funky french toast", but what I was served were two tiny slices of raisin bread, and nothing else.. no fruit on the side... nothing. It was good, (all 4 bites of it) but compare it to other places (Fez, Dicks, Acacia) and it pales in comparison. I was still hungry so I helped my friend finish her omlette (not impressed) and ordered a $3 fruit kabob (a 6 inch stick of fruit). 
I've heard the rest of the menu is good here and I would like to try it I would also gladly go back for the sangria.笑
Visited here on August 4th. I have heard about Maizie's for a few years and thought we would give it a go. Upon arrival, the young lady at the front desk was pleasant, but there was certainly no smile coming from her. I think the greeting one gets when coming to an establishment sets the tone. 

Waitress was very nice and very helpful. I think she was the bright spot of the evening. 

Food, I must say was mediocre. I was disappointed - maybe I had my expectations too high. I had some buffalo chicken dip - served with chips and a piece of pita bread. Chips were stale - disappointing. The dip was ok. The waitress told us that people come from miles around for the dip. Not sure why. Luckily we were there during happy hour time and got the dip for $5. had I paid $9.50 (regular price) I would have been really disappointed. 

Had a burger with sweet potato fries. Again, it was OK. But nothing you can't get elsewhere. I  think they should toast the buns (Ciabatta bread) as the juices from the burger and moisture from the vegetables on the burger make the bread get soggy very quickly. Toasting the bread would have gave it a bit more structure and would have held up better. 

Will I go back? Maybe. Maybe not. All was OK - but nothing really stood out.笑
Visited this place back in April on a Saturday.  It was still early evening so it wasn't too busy.  We sat outside since is was nice.  Enjoyed some cocktails and appetizers.  Wingless Buffalo Dip which was really good!  I would definitely order it again.  Also had Sage White Balsamic Fries that were not crispy enough for me.  Probably would not have those again.  I would like to come back and try their brunch.笑
Maizie's is an awesome place.  It's comfortable.  The food is yummy and an overall enjoyable experience.

I went to Maizie's for a lunch meeting with a colleague.  Our server was very hospitable and the food came out fast.  I had the special that day which was a gyro.  The portion sizes are big and I was thoroughly full when I left the restaurant.  Great place for lunch and I hear it's awesome for dinner.  I will have to check that out as well.笑
Maizie's is a one of the great spots in Phoenix that I just can't help going back to over and over.  What can I say?  The staff is friendly, the atmosphere is unique and comfortable and the food never lets you down.  

Blue Burger is a must, as well as the Tuesday-Thursday special (large 3 topping pizza and a bottle of wine for $25) and boy is the pizza yummy. Weekend brunch is great for people watching and they do have some of the best bloodys in the city.笑
Nice little spot just off the light rail. Good burgers (be warned that that bleu burger is a little intense), okay pastas, and good service. Nothing too memorable, but nothing very offensive either. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here, but I have had some good lunch dates so I can't complain. Happy Hour is good and the vibe is low key. The winelist could use a little work though, but thankfully, Postino is just a couple of blocks away.笑
After about a year of hype from friends and neighbors, we gave Maizie's a try about a month ago.  It was a weeknight and we took advantage of some great happy hour pricing on cocktails and appetizers.  The service was slow and the hummus was positively dry and awful, but the entrees were absolutely irresistible.  I liked that you could choose from half a dozen different types of bread for your sandwich-- it made for a lengthy ordering process.

I went again for brunch a few weekends ago with some of my friends.  The atmosphere was lovely and my mimosa was just $3.  The waitstaff were attentive and don't appear to have spit in my drink when we  had to send our coffee cups back because they were covered in schmutz.  I had the breakfast burrito.  Let me tell you, I lived in New Mexico (the home of the most amazing breakfast burritos) for seven years and this big burrito gave any New Mexican burrito a run for its money.  

Because I understand that no one is perfect all the time, I'm a Maizie's fan for life.  I just won't ever, ever, EVER get the hummus again.  :-)笑
It was decent food but I personally think it's a little pricey for "ok" food. The patio was nice to eat lunch though.笑
First time - not going again.  Awful food and more awful service - that was breakfast.笑
Came up for brunch with a friend on a Sunday morning. After a 10 minute wait for an outside table, we had a great meal in the shade. Great tasting coffee, the biscuits and gravy is the bomb.笑
A wonderful downtown restaurant. Although pretty small inside, the food has giant taste! The parking can be a bitch on Sunday morning but if you love close it's right off the light rail. They have this delicious salad, I believe it's called a Mediterranean or something of that nature. They also have a remarkable grill cheese with brie cheese and scrumptious apple wood bacon. YUM! And to top that off they have 3 dollar Mimosas. And on occasion you might catch News Channel 3's Ross Shimabuku there.........shhhhh笑
People love Maizie's!  I've tried to join their club but I don't see what the fuss is all about.   They get a star because they are attached to my building and they have great happy hour prices.  So, if I drink to much, I can crawl home.  They also get a full star for good service and being so sweet to my doggy...who is welcome outside.  Then another star for decent food.  But, just skip the $5 burger on Mondays...It's not that great!  I'll even give a 1/2 star for all the people that rave about how good this place is...round up and it's 4 stars.笑
Have you tried their weekly, inexpensive, yummy breakfast specials?  $3 Mimosas.  $6 for two eggs, a spicy grilled italian sausage, home fries that had a little kick of something, marble rye and a waitress who kept the hot coffee coming.笑
Dear Maizie's patrons,
While the 3 large hi-def televisions strategically placed throughout the establishment and constantly tuned to various athletic competitions may seem to indicate that Maizie's is a sports bar, it is in fact not a sports bar.

So when you yell "FUMBLE!" at the top of your lungs while I am trying to enjoy my Savannah Chicken Salad, I find that to be somewhat of a distraction. Please try to contain yourself.

Sincerely, 
Chris B.笑
Great food. Had the "create your own" omelet for brunch coupled with a Michelada. What great staff! The patio is dog friendly! Great find!笑
We went Maize's in search of another future favorite in Central/uptown Phoenix.  We love the area and have several favorites in the area, so why not add another?  I am sad to say that did not happen.  Don't get me wrong we had a nice meal and the place is not bad, but it does not hit the mark of a 4 or 5 star place.

If it is nice, then the patio is the spot to be.  We had a short 10 minute wait, so we sat at the bar for a Stella and the bartender was very nice.  We ordered an app while we waited.  The app was a 4 star and we thought this was going to set the stage for the meal to be a 4.  We got the artichoke dip and it is nice that it comes with a mix of chips, crackers, and pita chips.  Very good.

We followed with our meal - my wife went with the caesar and I went with the veggie sandwich.  The fries turned out the be the only thing worth while between both meals.  The salad was a little weird, because it was fairly bland and was served in a weird 1980's wooden bowl.  The veggie sandwich was very bland and forgettable.

Overall the atmosphere and the pleasant day probably helped bring this up to a 3.  The fries and artichoke dip helped, too.  But the main meals were just OK.笑
I like Maizie's.  It's low key and has good food.  I went on a day where the burgers were some outrageously low price (I tried to order some more to go, only to find out it would be regular price).  That burger was really good and on great artisan bread.  I also tasted my friend's fresh basil marinara which was excellent.  It had mushrooms, artichoke hearts, olives, spinach, and other good stuff on fettucini with marinara sauce.   I can't wait to go back and try some more.笑
I have now been here 3 times and my first time was great, as I stated in my first review.  But my last 2 visits have not been a pleasant experience.  I went for brunch a few months ago with a group of ladies, 25 of us, and our service was pretty terrible.  First we had confirmed the number of people in our party the day before but they still seemed unprepared for such a large party.  Our server was pretty rude as well, I swear she never cracked a smile.  Our party arrived within 30 minutes of or reservation time, some right on time others a little late and we had the large center table and 2 booths.  Our server stated after only 15 minutes and 12 of us being there that she couldn't hold the tables if we all weren't coming.  We assured her we were and everyone did show up.  It was the continual little things, not refilling water, not bringing fresh, chilled orange juice when we ordered another bottle of champagne for mimosas.  Rolling her eyes and sighing when we asked for the check to be split and never saying thank you before we left.
Last night was so bad I won't be back.  I met with a friend for their pizza and wine special which I was super excited for.  The biggest problem was the bartender, she was rude, inattentive and totally cut corners when it came to making us happy.  We ordered a pizza and one of our toppings was goat cheese but only on one half.  When our pizza arrived it had mozzarella on one half and goat cheese on the other when the mozzarella should have been on the whole pizza.  This is a totally honest mistake and I can see where the confusion could have been in what we said and what she translated it to mean. But instead of apologizing she was a bit argumentative over what she thought we said when we ordered.  To make matters worse instead of having a new pizza made she asked the kitchen to just add the mozzarella on the side that was missing it and re-fire it.  What?!  It was charred in some places, dried out and all together simply not very good.  We were starving and contemplated sending it back, but twice in one night just seemed too much.  
There was a nice gentleman that worked there who asked how are pizza was, bartender chick never did, we actually had to get her attention the first time to send it back.  We were in the middle of explaining why we didn't really like it when Ms. Snarky says "if you wanted me to have a new one made for you, you should have just asked."  WTF?!  I have worked in restaurants and usually when someone sends something back you remake it!  You should have done that in the first place!  She was so rude and it was really hard to even be polite to her at this point but I remained in the acting like a lady zone.  The did take it off our bill and gave us a free dessert.  Let me be clear, it was the gentleman who gave us the free dessert, he was very charming and apologetic.  If Ms. Snarky was nice about everything I wouldn't be writing off Maizies forever, but the icing on the cake was when she sat at the bar one seat down from us to eat her dinner.  I think that is very unprofessional but that wasn't what bothered me most.  The lady that took her place behind the bar and Ms. Snarky had a 10 minute bitch fest complaining about customers and how they can be such a pain in the ass.  The proceeded to regale each other with stories of how customers have annoyed them.  We paid our bill and left.  Ms. Snarky didn't say one word to us on our departure.  There are so many great places in the same area with a much nicer staff.  Those are the places I will be spending my money at.笑
I have been on a quest to find the best fish n chips in CenPho.  
I had heard they had a Tuesday fish fry at Maizie's and really love the place, so I had to give it a try.
Four smallish pieces of fish, a stack of chips (with malt vinegar!!!), homemade tartar sauce and a couple of hush puppies.  Oh, and a side of slaw.
I think the batter was a little bit much.  Hush puppies were dry.
For $13, I had expected more.  It's only $8.25 at Turf and way more fish.笑
Great drinks; spectacular sweet potato fries, and the best salad in town.  Service is excellent.  Brunch offerings are unique and yummy.笑
Excellent Happy Hour! cheap wine, delicious Bloody Mary, and the bruschetta?!?! YES.笑
This place is one of my options for Sunday brunch with friends. You get a nice view of Central sitting outdoors drinking mimosas and enjoying one of their selections of eggs benedicts.笑
My husband and I love to come here for brunch! The food is soooo good, along with the prices. They have great drinks as well. Dog friendly too! 

The Rojo Chili de la Casa is my dish of choice for breakfast. Their tortillas are yummy and the chili is perfect! If you like spicy Bloody Mary's this is the place for you!笑
Only been here one time, but so far so good.  Had one of the inside out burgers (very tasty) and some cheesy buffalo chicken appetizer that was pretty good so I can't complain.  

I need to go back and try many more items because everything looked so good.

Kind of a small place so it was loud and crowded, which I guess could be a good thing for a restaurant these days.笑
My pizza with goat cheese was excellent. The fries were really good. The buffalo chicken dip was just okay. I wouldn't order that again.笑
I have been to Maize's a handful of times, and have never been disappointed. However, those handful of times I was celebrating something or other and was drunk.. This past weekend, I actually went while I was coherent enough to legitimately critique and effectively review this place without having a misconstrued view on things, since often times everything appears to be amazing when you're buzzin'.

I really really enjoyed Maizes. I came with the manfriend, and once we spotted the $15 make your own mimosa deal, we were all over it. Cant beat a bottle of champagne and carafe of OJ for that price. I ordered the Classic breakfast with bacon, potatoes & eggs over medium, just the way I like it. The bacon was terrific, thick, juicy, not too fatty, also, just the way I like it and the taters were also, terrific. I have to be honest, I don't even remember what the dude ordered because I was so engrossed in my breakfast of perfection. Absolutely delicious.

Aside from the mimosa deal, they have $3 Bloody Mary's, single mimosas or tequila sunrises. Also a fabulous wine selection and tons of yummy food options to choose from. They had so much on the menu that sounded delicious, and I cannot wait to come back again to kick off some Sunday funday or even just for a quick bite. 

Bravo Maizes, for turning my least favorite meal of the day into something I cant wait to come get from you again.笑
To start I love the location. We sat outside on a beautiful cool evening. The food was really good, of course it helped that I was hungry. I would recommend the Sangria and the sweet potato fries any day.

That's where it ends. The hostess was rude, the waiter hardly paid us any attention. My girlfriend and I even noticed that he seemed to deliberately walk past our table looking over our heads but never once stopped to see if we needed anything. He didn't bring our food, someone else did. He didn't refill our waters, or ask if we needed more alcohol...

We had to flag him down by shouting loudly to get his attention, which I never, ever do in a restaurant. He finally came to see if we wanted our check without asking if we would like dessert our how the meal was. Funny thing, they weren't even that busy. 

If I go back, I will hope for better service. If you don't mind bad service then go for the food.笑
The only thing I have ever eaten here is the burger and fries. On Monday a burger and fries is $3! THREE DOLLARS for a BURGER and FRIES. I think that is a ridiculously good deal. A soft drink is also $3 dollars so if you can stand the water I would go for it, but the meal being so cheap I guess you could splurge on some beer or wine. We sat on the patio and it was cramped but nice. The place is a little small, but the burger was top notch. I will definitely be getting a THREE DOLLAR BURGER again. THREE DOLLARS!笑
I visited here for brunch and had the fresh loxs and enjoyed a mimosa. Great atmosphere and friendly staff. I would recommend giving this place a try.笑
Mondays are $5 burgers. Yup. Come and get it!! Never was fond of sweet potatoe fries. But here?  I love it. It's a yes for me :)笑
Great customer services /staff, seriously!  It's hard to find in central phx sometimes...  Always awesome experience coming weekday or weekend. Great patio and love the beer of the month's!  ((turn the music back on inside /outside!))笑
This is the best local hang out ever! The happy hour is fabulous and I love hanging out at the bar and getting one of their amazing sangrias at happy hour for $3. They also have awesome apps for $5. Most importantly, the staff care about their patrons and attempt to make every visit personal and enjoyable. Bartender Nikki is the best ever and is an amazing person and bartender.笑
Awesome. The food was really good. Our waiter was fast and knew the menu from front to back. I had the special of the day. Sausage corn pancakes with sourdough bread on the side with a a mimosa and water. So far best place in phx brunch.笑
My fiance and I just loved the food here.  It was definitely a happening place to be... unfortunately that means tables so close you feel like you're dining with the strangers sitting next to you.  If you don't mind bumping elbows with the neighbors, and want some yummy food, this is the place! Once the weather cools off, I'm looking forward to trying the outdoor patio :)笑
This is one of my neighborhood restaurants, although I've only eaten in once. My coworker usually gets to-go for the office. I've had their fries and salads; I've found the fries overly salted and the salads overly dressed. I recently had brunch in the restaurant finally; I got the special, which was two eggs any style over country gravy and biscuits. The biscuits were like pucks -- nothing fluffy or buttery about them. They broke off in unsavory chunks, and on top of that, had arrived barely warm. The gravy was runny and wasn't particularly special; in fact I'll admit it looked a bit gross because it had chunks of chicken meat in it. I would say it looked a bit like runny chicken vomit. The potatoes and eggs were really the only things that looked appetizing on the whole plate and what I ended up eating the most.笑
Today I had the pleasure of having brunch at this busy little treasure right off the lite rail on Central.  I gave a three star rating because when I was there it was extremely busy and  we had to wait a while for our food to come.  But when it did, I was very happy with the flavors and quality of the Southwestern style dishes.  My friend and I split a breakfast pizza and chili carne something.  I checked the online menu for the item, but it wasn't listed.   The portions were generous and the prices were reasonable (about $10 per person!)  My coffee cup was never empty and the owners were very attentive to our needs.  I will probably go back for dinner and hopefully will be able to sit outside on the patio.  The parking is a little rough, maybe a valet would help like at Postino's/la Grande Orange.笑
Maizie's is SO good!! Especially on Monday nights when they have $5 burgers. Their sweet potato fries are the best I've ever had, and their service is always great. The setting is comfy and casual, and  with indoor and outdoor seating it's good in any weather. Maizie's is conveniently located next to an ice cream parlor and Hula's Modern Tiki bar, which makes for a perfect night cap. 

Overall, I would recommend this place to anyone on any night...BUT, I would suggest going on a Monday to take advantage of the great burger specials.笑
Let me tell you friend, Maizie's is the ultimate in local eateries! I live within walking distance from the cafe and try to the best of my ability to make it for brunch every Saturday. 

The menu is simple, which I love because you aren't overwhelmed with a ton of choices. 

The bartendress Tina is the best of the best!! Everything you want in a good drinkslinger... great conversation, sass and personalized attention. 

Maizie herself works in the restaurant often and you can tell she has a real drive to make her restaurant a success. 

My recommendations: 

Brunch: The Classic On Central. Two eggs any style, home fries, spicy Italian sausage or bacon and toast. 

Lunch: Tri Tip Steak Salad. Bed of baby spinach, tossed with some kind of vinaigrette dressing, kalamata olives, feta cheese crumbles and a decent portion of Tri Tip sliced on top of the salad. 

Dinner: Any of the stuffed burgers or even just the classic Bistro Burger. Always cooked to perfection. Don't forget to ask for the Chipotle mayo to dip french fries in!! 

You will love it!笑
Service was nice but the mediocre food could not be overcome.  I had their Rita.  They added orange juice to a margarita.  It's looked like a hodge podge of liquids when I got it.  Ordered the balsamic fries and could only eat three... Eww.  Not what I thought they were going to be at all.  I also had the turkey melt sandwich.  Too much barbecue sauce, it was masking the flavor of the sandwich.  Yuck.  I'm not coming back.  Parking is sparse.笑
So Maizie's did not disappoint on my second visit and has now earned a spot on my midtown rotation. 

I brought my best friend there last night for some much needed girl's night out. She ordered the salmon and blood orange Cosmo and loved both. I ordered the inside-out feta burger. The burger was stuffed with feta and sun-dried tomatoes and cooked to a perfect medium. The burger was juicy and the side of chipotle hummus served as a nice condiment for it. For dessert we spilt the "Half-Baked," which was amazing for two girls who used to make cookie dough in our college apartment just to eat. It came out piping hot and appeared to be a regular cookie dessert, inside was the surprise when we realized that it was pure cookie dough. 

Our waitress took good care of us and was helpful when my friend asked for suggestions.笑
Being a two-minute walk from Maizie's, I've tried it many times; both for dinner, for lunch, for business, for pleasure.  It is pretty consistent... not great, but above average.  I mostly stick to sandwiches, which are good, albeit it a bit expensive for what you get (in my case, not full).  The burgers are decent, and on Monday nights at $3, you can't lose.

The service is friendly there for the most part.  On one or two occasions, I felt like I didn't fit into the bartender's "urban scene" and felt a bit uncomfortable, but for the most part, I've had a lot of great conversations with the staff there.  They feel "real".笑
Were I a PHX resident residing anywhere near Maizies, it would be my default bar, no questions asked.

We stopped by for apps and a few happy hour drinks.  The food was yummy (my buffalo chicken dip is actually better, but that's an impossible standard - you still had buffalo chicken dip!) the prices adequate, but most importantly - we had a blast.

The people and atmosphere are just warm and inviting. After visiting several places around PHX that bordered on cold, it was like a party in Maizies in the middle of the afternoon on a weekday. Some places just feel like home, and for me, Maizies was like that.  Not in the 'Mom is yelling at me for coming home drunk again' way, but in the 'Relax, you're among friends who want you to have a good time' sorta vibe. If you can't go home again, you can still go to Maizies.笑
Went to @Maizies strictly for cocktails.

I love the patio. The misters became a bit much for my companion, so we switched places. Hat FTW!

Liked the Hoegaarden draught.

We were well attended to, which is nice.

I'll write more next time, when I eat something.笑
This place was perfect...cute place, in a great location. Loved the inside and the patio area. Service here was great all around, servers were friendly and took good care of us on our visit.

I had the wingless buffalo dip and I would order that dish a million times and not get tired of it, perfect munchie food too. For my entree I had the Bleu Inside Out Burger and it was amazing, dripping with juicy goodness from the burger and the cheese. I also tried some of my daughter's Salmon BLT, and it was superb. 

I can't wait to come back here and try some of their other dishes. Happy hour specials are great, I had $3 house wine and most of the appetizers are $5, get over there and try it out.笑
Maizie's is along the light rail, and that's great for us since we live in such close proximity to a stop.  We decided to stop by late one night after hearing a lot of good things about the place.

It's a really cute and small place.  Very cozy and inviting.  We were sat at the hightop, which essentially turned it into a communal table as another couple was already sitting there.  I am a big fan of communal seating, it's such a fun concept that Phoenix should embrace more.

I got the Roasted Vegetable and Shrimp Pesto.  The pasta was very nicely cooked and the sauce was really tasty but extremely runny.  I kept flinging sauce everywhere.  The veggies were obviously seasonal, but I picked through most of them, sticking with the asparagus and yummy mushrooms.  The shrimp were also very good, being plump and wonderfully cooked.  The bread that came with it was excellent for sopping up the extra sauce.

The husband got the inside out Pizza Burger.  He wasn't too pleased with it, but thought that a better way of putting the ingredients together would make it taste great.

After dinner we decided to order their half baked cookie.  The husband and i both have a weakness for these.  About 2 minutes after we ordered it, the cookie was delivered to our table... burnt.  We tried to eat it, but it was too much.  The owner came by along with our waiter and they very quickly remedied the situation, no questions asked.

Our service was pretty good considering our poor waiter had busted up his knee earlier, but my refills of soda were plentiful.  He also immediately fixed our issue with dessert which is also a big plus with me.  Very chatty guy.

As a side note, we visited Maizie's again on their 3 dollar burger day.  You get a 3 dollar burger.  It was overdone even though I ordered it medium.  I will stick with a big, fat, juicy whopper for 3 bucks instead.  Maybe it was just a bad day.

I really enjoyed Maizie's.  It is a fantastic place to hang out for a while and eat some good food.  I definitely recommend bringing people here.  It's got a great personality in an otherwise boring culinary city.笑
I do not like it when people complain and say things like, "There are no good restaurants in Phoenix." Usually I just grimace and say something like, "WTF are you talking about! Of course there are! Hundreds of them!"

Case in point: Maizie's off Central and Camelback. It's in walking distance to the light rail stop, and that just rocks. When you walk in to this little bistro café you are greeted by a friendly staff and a hip, urban atmosphere. Sleek, modern furniture lines the walls and fills the dining room. A floor to ceiling wine rack (full of wine bottles) serves as a false wall and gives the place a cozy, yet surprisingly open feel. The glass walls that look out onto Central Ave. allow for views of the light rail trains zipping by and make Maizie's even more urban and enjoyable. They have an outside patio too.  

And the food! Heaven, thy name is BBQ Beef Brisket from Maizie's. Honestly, the brisket was so tender I didn't even need a knife to cut it. The brisket was served with cornbread that was more like a corn patty that I inhaled much like a big, hideous pig with the snorting and the squealing and the oinking. No, I jest. I didn't make that much noise. The dinner came with a fresh pasta salad with sliced mushrooms, cherry tomatoes, and asparagus then drizzled with olive oil and parmesan cheese. 

The dinner portion was a perfect amount of food. I didn't feel like I was stuffing myself with everything on the plate. I left feeling satisfied but not so full I was sick. They had a lovely dessert menu and it took all my strength to skip it but I did since I'm watching my figure. 

They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner and have a wide selection of wines and cocktails. I thought the prices were beyond reasonable for the quality and size. (The dinner special I had was $11.00.) Maizie's is a triumph and a great addition to Central Phoenix.笑
Had a very nice Thursday night ninner at Maizie's.  At 6:30pm it was nicely busy with about half the tables full.  The hostess was great - she practically met SO and I in the parking lot to escort us in (and, no, I do not know the staff :))  There's a row of 2-top banquettes that are reeeeeally close together.  Hostess sat us at the end banquette with an open table next to us, which is fine because SO and I are admittedly not the touchy-feely types.  Funny though, even though there were plenty of empty tables, hostess proceeded to attempt to seat that empty banquette no less than 4 times.  Each time the guests requested another table (guess it was good we didn't shower).  Menu is excellent - we had a hard time deciding.  Food and wine were excellent (although I wouldn't have agreed to the chef substituting fetuccini in the baked penne as SO did).  Server was outstanding.  Minus one star for the strange table assignment and strange pasta substitution, but we'll eagerly be back nonetheless!笑
If it would be closer to my area, I could give it one more star. 

Their special of $4 burgers is a good way to call your attention. The best was the service, the lady that took care of us was really friendly and nice. Another time I'll have to try their food.笑
I've been here before on a Monday, and that was tight. The boneless buffalo wing dip deserves sonnets to be written about it. It's nearly orgasmic. No, really , I think I did leak a little eating this dip. It's just that good.

Today, I experienced brunch at Maizie's and it was pretty solid. The four of us all ordered the Classic brunch--two eggs, breakfast potatoes, bacon, toast. Props to the potatoes, as they were delicious and garlicy and crispy and perhaps the most lovely potatoes I've had in such a long time. The mimosas were great! Get the bottle of champagne with a carrafe of orange juice. Have fun; don't drink until you're drunk and drive recklessly.笑
I was in town from NYC  for a family wedding and about 10 people gathered here for an informal dinner day one outside.  My family are "foodies", so i knew it would be tasty.  And it was.  I had a poached salmon over a great salad which hit the spot after a long day of travel...However the goat cheese cheesecake with apple crumble was off the charts!!!  I had them hold the caramel sauce. I have never tasted anything like it - and the serving could have truly fed four!  I thought they were being gracious because we were a large party, but it was indeed one serving.  Had a nice chat with Joel Miller, the owner.  He was delightful.  Attentive friendly staff.  Will definitely be back next trip!笑
This place has a great casual vibe and an eclectic mix of diners. On tuesdays they have a great special offering of pizza and a bottle of wine/sangria for $20. The best thing on the menu is the buffalo dip, but everything I have tried on the menu is good. The menu is diverse so it has 'something for everyone' in your party. I recommend this place for happy hour, lunch, or dinner. You can even bring your dog if you sit outside.笑
This is my favorite place to eat in Uptown Phoenix.  It has a cool, little neighborhood vibe - so nice for a chain-heavy town.  The hamburgers and sandwiches are delicious and the servers are friendly and attentive.  They have a nice patio for good weather days.  The unisex bathrooms are funky, too.笑
Great Monday afternoon lunch.  I had the Almond Chicken salad.  It has fruits, chicken salad, and mix greens what else can a girl ask for.  They also have inside out burger.  All the cheese and bacon goodies inside of two burger patties.  Can't wait to go back and try it.  On Mondays they have $4 burgers and fries!!笑
I've enjoyed brunch there most times then I care to admit.  The mimosa and bloody mary specials are awesome! The service is always good.  The owner usually makes a visit to the table and asks how everything is, which is always appreciated.  Although, I have not had a bad meal at Maizie's I strongly suggest you order the Rojo Chili de la casa.  It is not a joke.  Its everything that is good in life especially on a Sunday morning.  With that aside I must also say that I almost licked the plate when my friend and I ordered the wingless buffalo dip appetizer...yum!笑
Brunch update-
Patio seating is still great...but please don't order the french toast if you are hungry. Two small pieces of baguette bread don't cut it. If you must, order the french toast from the kids menu...it's not made with the baguette but you might not need to eat again when you leave.
Everyone said the classic on central was decent choice, though.笑
I ordered the Mushroom Gouda Hamburger today at lunch and it was completely charred and taste awful. I left the majority of the burger on my plate untouched and when the waiter (who was mostly inattentive) came to collect my plate (the first time he returned since he delivered the food) I nicely pointed out the fact it way very overdone. He barely acknowledged my comment and made no offer to correct the problem. 

The restaurant itself had a good vibe but prices were also above average, especially for the quality of food.笑
I really love Maizie's. It became our weeknight, just feel like getting out of the house, spot for awhile. Their buffalo chicken dip is amazing. I actually found a recipe online that tastes exactly like it and I took it to all of my holiday parties. Big hit. The only problem is, we always drink at least 2 bottles of wine there. Anyway, the servers have always been really friendly and helpful, albeit sometimes a little slow but, to me, that's forgivable if they have a great personality.

Take the light rail and check it out. Mondays they have $3 burger and fries!笑
So. Good. Everytime.
We're here on Monday nights because of the $5 Burger deal.  Great location for us ( we live near the AJ'S on Central & Camelback Rd.) and our 4 children.  Everyone gets a burger, however they would like it, maybe a soft drink if it's not too late and the tab is often less than $50 for the 6 of us.  The only drawback is finding parking some evenings, not that big of a deal though.  Try it, you'll love it.笑
The atmosphere was chill, casual, very relaxing.  Food was great. The brie-licious was a great starter.  My burger was more than I could eat.  Portion sizes very good. great wine selection!  I will return for the Monday $3 burgers笑
Our dinner club ended up at Maizie's this month after the other pick was closed.... we lucked out! We were unknowingly there on $3 burger Monday, so pretty much everyone ordered the burger. They had told us the wait would be short, 15-20 minutes. It ended up being about 45 min, which was a little frustrating. But our waiter was awsome and fast and we received our food very quickly. I think us ravenous girls had a turnaround of about 30 minutes once seated. 

First I have to give homage to their fries... Both the regular and sweet potato are excellent. Well seasoned, with potato skins, and a nice balance of crispy and soft. Their chipotle dipping sauce is reminiscent of the yummy sauce at Delux. I got a basic burger with cheddar cheese - it was cooked perfectly to order and tasted great. Total bill: $5.00 ($3 burger + $1 cheese +$1 fries= amazing deal!)

My friend's salad was huge and delicious looking with all kinds of good stuff on it. I want to go back and try a salad, and maybe pizza and sangria night (Tues & Wed) or, ooh, one of their stuffed burgers. I think I'll be back a few times...笑
Maizie's is super cute.  Came for brunch on a Saturday morning and decided to sit on the patio.  It was a beautiful, sunny Phoenix morning and not too crowded.  It was perfect.  Our waitress was very attentive, friendly and gave her suggestions on the menu since neither my friend nor I had ever been to Maizie's before.  I decided on the Eggs Benedict special which was served with potatoes, cheesy hollandaise sauce and avocado instead of ham.  It was delicious!  I really liked the cheesy hollandaise sauce.  My friend ordered the Breakfast Burrito and it was huge.  She said it was really yummy too.  Our waitress kept filling up our coffees and didn't rush us out at all as my friend and I chit chatted away.  An owner even came over to check on us.  I would definitely recommend Maizie's for brunch.  Would love to come back for lunch and dinner now!笑
Love the chipotle hummus, diverse crowd, light rail convenience and fantastic service.  Rode the light rail here with a fine gentleman for a date-thing.  The patio was a welcome respite from the noise and crowd inside.  There were two couples on gaydates who had obviously just met online, and I totally sipped sangria and auditory voyeured on their insights about Facebook, Craigslist and the current state of internet dating. 

Maizie's, please please up your credibility and spell your specials right.  All the boards with frilly chalk-drawn "RUEBEN" on them last night made me cringe.  REUBEN. 

PS menu: "Caesar."笑
We went here for a late morning meal on Saturday. I am in love.

I had the caprices sandwich with the sweet potato fries on the side. Tasty sweet potato fries are the way to my heart and Maizie's did an awesome job with them. My sister and mom had the omelette and french toast and also had good things to report.

The setup was great, it's a little small, but I didn't feel like the tables were crammed together. Our waiter was super attentive and friendly. 

My sister tells me they have great drinks so I will be returning in the evening hours to give them a try for sure.笑
What a smokin' hot deal! We went to Maizie's for the first time last night for $3 burger night. The place was jam packed; obviously I have been woefully ignorant of the city's best-kept secret meal-deal for the past 2-odd years I've been living here...

We were there around 6:30 and had about a 15-20 minute wait. The benches outside are cute and comfy and there's a huge planter full of fresh herbs that absolutely tantalizes you with its perfume.

We both ordered the Bistro Burger with cheese and fries, and also an order of chips and salsa. OK, the price of the chips and salsa was steep ($6) but it was damn good salsa, so I won't complain! The burgers were excellent! So were the fries! 

The food quality certainly does not suffer despite the mad rush to make it for the screaming fans. We have been to Delux, Stax, and Maizie's all in the past week, and Maizie's is winning in my burger book. They are ample, juicy, and perfectly seasoned (and mighty tasty topped with salsa). Plus, $3 DOLLARS!!! Holy Cripes!

Our entire, belly-stuffing, mouth-watering meal for two came to $15. We did not order drinks, thought, so that would definitely bring it up.

Lost a star for the harried waitstaff, who, while courteous, seemed like they all wanted to crawl into a hole and cry rather than work Monday at Maizie's. I wonder if they fight over who has to do it?

Now I'm torn between going there only on Mondays for the burger deal or trying it on another night to experience a less frenzied atmosphere. 

So much to eat, so little time...笑
Finally someone has made a breakfast pizza!  Thank you Maizie's!

I ordered just that at Maizie's this past Sunday. The pizza is big enough for two people to share or enough for one hungry person. It came with Italian sausage, mushrooms, green chilies and topped with eggs prepared to your liking. Sounds kind of weird, but it was good. 

The service was very friendly, but mid way through being there service became very slow and almost non existant, it was understandable as this small cafe was starting to fill up with people and the servers were becoming busier. 

I'll definitely check Maizie's out again to try out some of their other dishes.笑
$3 Spicy Bloody Mary - absolutely the best I've had so far in Phoenix (besides my own, of course!). No eggs bennie on the regular brunch offerings, but they had a Turkey Benedict Biscuit as a special, so I went for it. The hollandaise was a little chalky, but serviceable, on the perfectly poached eggs. What really sent the dish over the top was the fresh avocado that made for quite the rich and creamy bite of turkey, egg, and biscuit. Saucy goodness! Service was friendly, attentive, and made me feel right at home. A good brunch, for me, is a fair indicator of how serious a restaurant is about their food. Playful, yet assertive, Maizie's definitely won me over.笑
This place is great. You can tell by the amount of reviews I give that I really have to be motivated to review a place (positively or negatively) It's a nice (kid and small dog) friendly atmosphere. I had been once before for a business lunch and thought my wife would enjoy this "new" place for mother's day. The only downside is the parking - which I recommend parking around the corner (before you get to the restaurant).
The food was fresh and delicious. My wife and I had a strawberry fields salad which is a very nice mixed green salad with goat cheese, grapes, strawberries, cashews, dried apricots and a strawberry dressing that I tasted a hint of horseradish in... I did not confirm the horseradish but there is something deliciously tangy, not spicy in that dressing.
My daughter had the chicken tenders, which is nothing like a typical kids chicken fingers (deep fried and such). The chicken fingers here are fresh grilled sliced chicken with a bowl of fruit. Very healthy and my finicky daughter ate every bite.
We also shared the RUSSEL'S MARGHERITA pizza which was thin crust, lightly cheesed on the fresh tomatoes with fresh basil on top. 
My wife loved the mimosa's and overall it was a big hit!笑
The perfect place for day drinking and brunch on a lazy weekend, Maizee's benefits from an ideal location right off the rail and not far from shopping up the Camelback Corridor. Give me a San Tan Devil's Ale on tap and the Tangy Turkey wrap any day of the week. The Ancho Salmon Salad is also the cat's pajamas. 

Beyond the reliable food and casual atmosphere, Maizie's delivers on service, which in this town is never a given.笑
Maizie's has been a favorite of mine for nearly two years now and I can't believe I'm just getting around to writing a review. Bad Cookie. 

My fiance and I hit up Monday night burgers just about every Monday. We try to wrangle friends out sometimes, but it can be hard when having kids tend to suck them into the vortex of... well... wherever they go. That's fiiiiine, really, cause we just belly up to the bar and meet new peeps and hang with the kick ass bartender Tina. 

The burgers are always quick and very tasty. I've started getting the sweet potato fries and they rock. Perfect crunchy on the outside/soft inside. The ciabatta bread the burgers come on is fantastic. 

Also noteworthy at Maizie's are the pizzas. Yum. They have a Tuesday special that I wish was on another night because I feel a little weird hitting them up two nights in a row. I don't want to be those people, ya know? The brunch is also fantastic. I just love this place and haven't had a bad meal or bad service here. Ever. 

Last, I love how dog friendly this place is. We often bring the pooch and she is always treated like the pretty princess she is. They give her a bowl of water and a cheeto looking treat she loves.笑
Went to Maizie's with a friend en route to find my car on Sunday "morning" about 1pm, and it was everything my hangover could've wanted and more. I normally try to steer clear of central Phoenix, but I would go back here in a heartbeat. They had me at "$3 bloody mary's and mimosas All Day."  Naturally, I indulged in both and, from what I remember, they were fantastic. Brunch menu was a perfect blend of healthy and comfort food.  I opted for comfort food, which included the most perfect of all hangover remedies - tots. Tots + champagne cocktail = euphoria. We sat on the patio, which provided the perfect setting to relive the night's entertaining events. The service was excellent, and there are even a couple of resident dogs to provide some entertainment. Even though the drink specials were too good to pass up, and my car had to sleepover in the lonely parking lot another night, it was well worth it.笑
Mmmmmmmmm Bloody Marys!!!!!
Awesome brunch specials

Super cute and cool - new takes on old favorites on the menu.  Take the adventure and try something that sounds different - its worth it.

AND - Not sure I have ever been to a restaurant with noodle kugle!  MMM good!笑
The atmosphere is Mazie's is nice - and that's about all the positivity I can muster up for this place. 

At first I was thrilled to see how cheap their martinis were ($6), but then I soon realized the reasoning behind that - there is virtually NO alcohol in them!  My lemondrop martini tasted like Sprite (ew), and after 2.5 of them I still felt perfectly fine to drive home.  Just to give you some reference on what a low alcohol tolerance I have, ONE martini at Fez will get me feeling good enough that I won't feel comfortable driving. 

My veggie burger was very dry and bland - even with the tzatziki I was looking forward to.  My boyfriend noted that his "real" (meat) burger was also dry and he didn't eat half of his. 

Even though the food and drinks were not up to my expectations, I still enjoyed the metropolitan atmosphere I found in Mazie's and I would be willing to try it again for brunch.笑
Visited this place for lunch with my co-workers. Conveniently located on Central by the lightrail. Not a lot of parking, but since we went early, I was able to park out front. The sandwich and sweet potato fries I had were great, but nothing really special. Not sure if I'll come by again...笑
Trusted as a consistent Friday HH or evening meal/get together spot for a long time. We have been a slave to the Wingless Buffalo Dip the whole time. We have been fortune enough have a great server (Mallory) most of our visits as well. She has never steered us wrong in food choices. I have had the pizzas, the sandwiches and even some special entrees. It has all been good. The Reuben sandwich is a favorite and so is the Sonoran burger. The sweet potatoes fries are always really good side. 

Now some friends have had some bad experiences with service. They have a hard time returning. It happens, esp. when it is first Friday or when the host staff is out of their minds, there is just an inconsistency there. But don't let that ruin the tone of the meal.

Awesome Patio. Parking can be a pain, but sometimes you can park close around the corner. Great mix of people, so good people watching too. Seating is tight at times, because sometimes you are seated right next to another table where you can here each others convos. Can be fun at times. Def. take all of our out of town guests here. Great HH spot.笑
Ultra feast at its finest!!
After viewing an option for breakfast pizza on their brunch menu online, we just had to go.  Nobody can deny that the 2 most delicious and important meals of the day are breakfast and pizza meal.  Combine the 2, AMAZING!!
We also had the French toast with blueberry cream cheese and maple syrup.  Did I mention the bread was French with raisins and pecans?  Oh yes, you should be jealous of my Sunday brunch.
We also shared some yummy potatoes and giant pieces of crispy bacon.  I couldn't properly review this establishment without trying half the menu.  I would be doing you Yelpers a disservice.
The $3 mimosas and bloody Maris were a fabulous deal to accompany our ultra feast.
We had stragglers in our party, all women, but they didn't make us wait until everyone arrived to seat us.  (I hate that.  Let me sit down and drink).  Our server was fantastic, friendly, and on top of everything.  He was also friendly to the baby in our party.  Servers normally hate children.  
It's just off the light rail route.  There isn't anything negative I can say about this place.  My stomach is so happy I took it here!!笑
Monday's are the best as it's $10 off bottles of wine and $5 burgers! They have a wine-of-the-month thing too where after 6 glasses, you get 1 free. Food is pretty good. Love the outside, great for Phoenix winters. It's gets SUPER busy on Monday's so either get there early or be prepared for a wait. Their hummus is pretty tasty and I enjoyed my burger. 

All my servers have been sweethearts too.笑
Just had dinner here tonight and as usual it was wonderful.  It's 

Good Food, the service is excellent.  It is a bit small (cozy) but they have patio service also so when the weather breaks lower than 120 degrees we will be able to enjoy...  

They also have a great brunch on the weekends with Mimosa & Bloody Mary specials.  Yum!笑
Spice pallet is great, menu options are diverse, and price is right. But the service (cooks and staff) are lacking. 

Someone is behind the scenes making good decisions on the menu and specials but the day to day servers and staff need training. The fish was raw (they claim medium) and the long wait (for an empty restaurant) is the reason for the low score. 

Pizza tasted great. Suggest sweet potato fries.笑
This is a nice joint here. I've had brunch, lunch, dinner and partaken of several happy hours. The food is good the vibe is laid back and the customer service is on point. 

The prices are a little above average but I wasn't tripping. The place is very clean as well. You know me good food, clean restaurant and customer service are my top priorities. 

The place is small they have several couches. You will be able to hear hussle very easy in the joint. If your are looking for a more intimate or quite venue I would not stop here during peak hours. 

If you're look to mix it up on happy hour definitely give this place a try.笑
Maizie's, Maizie's, Maizie's - why do I keep forgetting about you?? 
I like your food and drink, I like the feel of your room, I like everyone that staffs you - and I LOVE some of your specials. 

Really - I should be at Maizie's at LEAST once a week. Strangely - I end up at Maizie's just a few times a year. And as I'm a facebook fan, I even get daily lunch special updates, and still don't think to go in. I don't know why this is, as I've only had good experiences, the location is super-convenient for me, and, especially at happy hour, the prices are great! 

I've been in twice this month - which is impressive for me, as it may have been a year ago I was in before that. A Saturday birthday brunch (three gals, two of which were having birthdays) with FANTASTIC $3 Bloody Mary's. I had the southwestern style benedict and was thrilled - both birthday girls were also quite happy with their entrees. Josiah was our server - and quickly became the most recent crush on my list! XOXO. 

Then a midweek happy hour at the bar with Adam - who just plain rocked! Girlfriend and I each had a sangria and split two of the happy hour appetizers - and were STUFFED! I ordered another to go, as I was on my way to work and it could serve as dinner. Really - $5 apps. $3 beer, house wine, sangria! Happy hour, indeed! 

LOVE the beer selections as well - lots of new ones to try all the time - and at $3 a piece, it doesn't matter so much if I'm not a fan. 

I don't know why I keep forgetting you're there. Why you're not always at the top of my go-to list. You've done everything right, quite consistently. This is my shortcoming - and I'll work on fixing it! See you soon!笑
Okay,  this small but quaint place is amazing!  I had the Sanora burger and my boyfriend had the Bleu burger.  Love our waitress who was kind, considerate and helpful.  Looking for a incredible burger,  you have to come in.笑
One of my favorites! I absolutely love their sweet potato fries and chipotle dip (so good). The food is consistent every time I go and the staff is always friendly. 
If you bring your dog you can sit on the patio and your waiter will bring fido a few treats and a bowl of water. So thoughtful!
The only downside is parking, but once you've tried their food you'll let that one slide :)笑
Salad galore. Tried both the asiago and California spinach. Entree salad is perfect, despite over sized pre historic wooden bowel presentation. Service, including hostess bar tender and waiters are efficient and courteous. Overall, great price for gourmet meals in casual, convenient location.笑
I never regret going to Maizie's. The service is good and the patio is killer. Especially tonight, the patio was perfect. The hang up is the food.  

We had chicken tenders and a burger stuffed with mushrooms and smoked Gouda. The burger was good. The bun and pickle definitely are great touches, but the burger itself is average. The chicken tenders are not so good. A little greasy and not a lot of meat. They are tender, though. Being so thin, they do a good job not to overcook the chicken. 

Almost forgot to mention the fries. They are good and worth coming to try in the bbq sauce or the chipotle ranch. And the drinks are good too. 

Solid three star for me, because of the food.  And if you are here to drink and have a good time on a great time on a great patio, you won't be disappointed.笑
Great location, staff, atmosphere, specials, and service.

All of my visits to this restaurant have been pleasurable experiences. It is a great place to go with friends after work, with family or even take a date. The patio atmosphere and the inside make for a very versatile restaurant. It is conveniently located in uptown Phoenix and is easy to hit from the lightrail. The staff is very young, fun and knowledgable.笑
Love Maizie's.  The food is fine...not great, but pretty good...definitely not bad...but the magic of Maizie's is that it is so comfortable with just the right blend of neighborhood bar and hip hang out.  There are always enough people, but never too many.  The staff is friendly, but not overbearing.  AND they have great cocktails (like the pixie stick martini that tastes JUST LIKE a pixie stick).  If you haven't been it's worth a visit (and I have a number of friends who are mad about the inside out burgers)!笑
Mondays are best at Maizie's when they have their signature burger on sale.  The burger is a good size (half pound) for sharing and comes with lettuce, tomato and onion and your choice of cheese. Any other time get the inside out burger - a burger stuffed with blue cheese.  My favorite.  

And whenever you go, have the wingless buffalo dip. Good cheese with chunks of chicken and lots of spice served with chips and pita bread. It is required eating. 

Finally, Maizie's has beer and wine specials that go well with their menu.  There are a couple of tv's that always have games on and the service is usually pretty good.笑
My wife and I met our two friends for at Maizie's for a Sunday brunch.  We were happy to see they were open right at 10AM.  We sat at a table on the outside patio with a covered umbrella which was perfect for a late November morning.  The service was friendly, and the prices were quite reasonable especially the $3 mimosas.  The portions were large, and the quality was excellent.  Everyone was quite pleased with their meals.  We were all over stuffed.  I particularly recommend the breakfast pizza --  delicious!  As an added bonus, they offered the locally made Madison's hot sauce which is an incredible rarity.  It also looks like they have a nice wine bar inside, but we will definitely be back for a future brunch.笑
The toasted panini that I had cold meat in the center. The music inside was obnoxiously loud. The only reason that I'm giving it more than one star is because the waiter was very nice. Everything else was less than savory笑
Decided to finally try out this spot since we had passed it at least once a week heading to citizen for coffee. Its hard to find parking for this little joint so you may need to walk a little but we felt it was definitely worth it. We sat at the tables outdoors where they have a nice little patio setup. The staff were very friendly and if you go for brunch you can start your day with a nice mimosa bucket. They have everything from breakfast items, sandwiches, salads, and meat entries. The food was great it tasted home grown with only the best ingredients. We will definitely be coming back in the future, only we won't wait so long this time : )笑
Went to Maizies Cafe yesterday for lunch. We went about 2 in the afternoon so we're able to walk in and sit down right away.  I thought the place was cute but small. Our waitress was very nice and gave us great service.  We got the dough knots for an app which were good but a little hard for my taste.  I got the turkey club which was pretty basic, nothing to write home about.  However they did have a chipotle lemon aioli on it that was pretty delicious. 

Came again to Maizies this morning for brunch because I saw they had banana bread french toast on the menu and I was intrigued. The description on the website said it came with an apple cream cheese and strawberry syrup and I was so excited.  However when I got it, there was nothing else but the French toast, no cream
Cheese, no fruit or anything, no butter and a small little jar of regular syrup and they were very dry.  I was pretty disappointed about these. Also the tables are very close together and we pretty much had brunch with strangers because we could bump elbows with the other table.笑
Everything we ate was absolutely delicious.  We showed up 5 min before the kitchen was closing and they insisted it was ok for us to stay and order.笑
Love this place! They have a great happy hour, sangria is deliciously full of alcohol! Staff is super friendly and welcoming. I sat on the patio with my friends and our dogs, weather was perfect, great service. Way worth the 5 stars笑
Have only been here for lunch.  There appear to be cute dinner specials such as a bottle of wine and pizza for $20.00 bucks, but I seem to always forget about those.  The food is really cute, the salads are good.  They also have a great bruschetta plate (actually there are three versions all good).  There is hummus and salas, all in all, great for the ladies who lunch crowd.  The men folk seem to be okay with, they have enough burgers and sandwiches, but I do think of it more as a "chick" wine bar place.  Parking is not great though, so try to car pool!笑
The Central & Camelback corridor has been booming with new restaurant concepts in recent years.  Right around the same time Upward Projects was starting to remake the area, Maizie's was taking the plunge in this untested market.  Its on the bottom floor of an old condo tower right on Central.  Tonight was my second visit and I was equally pleased this time.  

The biggest challenge you'll face here is parking.  There's very few spots out front or around the corner (be careful not to park in the Landmark Condo resident parking areas).  I actually had to park a block and a half north and walk.  Once there though, things only get better.

Came here with most of my immediate family tonight.  The place was packed, but thankfully the noise level wasn't bad at all.  I could easily hear every conversation and didn't have to yell for anyone to hear me.  

We started out by splitting their sweet potato fries for an appetizer.  The bowl of fries was huge which was perfect since there were six of us.  Last time I was here I got a their Pesto Manifesto pizza which was great.  This time I got their Sonoran Chicken Panini with green chile, avocado, pepper jack cheese, and a lemon aioli.  It was tasty, though didn't taste spicy as I had expected.  The bread was crisp, though maybe just a tad too hard.  Still, a good flavorful and relatively light sandwich.  For dessert my family split the goat-cheese cheese cake with cinnamon and apples.  This was a pleasant surprise both in terms of portion (4 slices served tapas style) and in terms of the flavors.  The batter was super creamy, but not overly sweet as other cheesecakes.  

The owner came by and asked about our meal and whether there was anything he could do to make the experience even more enjoyable.  Nice touch.  Our waiter was pretty on top of things, though there was a little lag time at the beginning.

Overall, a nice neighborhood spot.  There's a nice outdoor patio in the back, a full bar area, and a really good drink selection as well.  Parking might be a pain, but so would passing this place by.笑
I only had time for 1 drink and it was horrific! Do NOT order the sangria.  I couldn't taste the brandy nor the orange juice.  The red wine they used was just plain awful!  They should be ashamed to be serving that stuff, and calling it Sangria.  wasted $6 tonight.笑
A winner.  Varied, fair-priced, excellent service.  Their wine specials are excellent, too.  (Maybe not too good for an intimate dinner as its just a bit crowded, and on the noisy side.  Not a complaint....and , besides, you can always eat outside!)笑
Stellar pizza, of all things! They can do half/half if you can't settle on a single pizza, so my boyfriend and I did a half meaty, half margherita concoction that was wholly pleasing! Sweet waitress and laid-back atmosphere, great place to grab a late dinner.笑
I really wish I lived in Downtown PHX so I could make Maizie's a regular brunch spot.  The $15 mimosa buckets are way too tempting.... actually, it's probably better I don't live near by.  We went on a Saturday morning while on a staycation in downtown (stayed at the Hotel Palomar).  We took the train up to Maizie's which was right near the stop, so convenient for out-of-towners!  It was a busy day at Maizie's but we were sat fairly quickly considering.

I had the turkey avocado eggs benedict for my main meal and then the table split the french toast for a "dessert".  Both were fantastic but I have to say that the french toast is by far my favorite french toast ever.  It was very sweet, so splitting it with a group of people was the best way to go about this.  It is actually made with french bread, which I don't think I've ever had it made like that before.  I was thoroughly impressed.

Brunch places that serve great cocktails are rare in PHX, but this is also just a great place to eat.笑
Great signature cocktails and a nice wine selection.The food is basic fare with salads, sandwiches, burgers and pizza.  I wish the food was a little more upscale to go with the beverage selection.