Descriptive phrase: a bar for college partying sans college kids.

For whatever reason, even though it's on campus and near the stadium, not as many UW students frequent Buckingham's as much as the other Regent bars. That's fine by me, now that I've graduated. It's still a great place to act like you're an undergrad: we came on a Saturday night and had $1 rail drinks and shots. That's impossible to beat. Drinks are usually good, bartenders nice. Only complaints are the extremely sticky floor and the deafening music. Put up with those and you'll have a good time.Ǿ
Service was pretty decent. Food was awful. Fries weren't cooked all the way through leaving large fries crunchy. Roast beef sandwich had more onions and peppers than meat. Go for a drink. Not the food.Ǿ
Understaffed and unfriendly service will ruin any sports bar and it definitely did for this old charming building host of a bad sports bar. They had sound on for a game yet no screens turned on to that particular game yet the bartender was to immerse I to her phone to e en notice.Too Bad and sad.Ǿ
One of the bartenders who works on Thursdays makes excellent Old Fashioned drinks. Trivia is fun here. If you come early enough before trivia, you can catch the tail end of their happy hour and get half price appetizers. The cheese curds are fair, but made from a bag. The chicken tenders with fries are yummy and considered an appetizer. Great deal!Ǿ
Closer to 3.5 Stars.  Drinks are cheap, Bartenders are nice, Crowd was eclectic and entertaining. I came in, grabbed a spot at the bar and immediately heard the people sitting next to me discussing words that rhymed with "orgasm"!  I chimed in with Phantasm and got a good laugh from everybody!

The food was OK.  Typical Bar appetizers and sandwiches.  The best thing we had were the Cajun Fries.  They had a nice heat level, but didn't blow your head off.  They are Wheelchair accessible, but had two problems.  First, There is no signage indicating where the wheelchair access is.  My friend went inside (up some stairs) to find out for me. It is off to the left of the main entrance.  Also, their Men's room is accessible, but the stall door opens in and gets blocked by your wheelchair so anybody who walks by gets a free show! Good thing I am not shy!Ǿ
With the bar taking up the middle of the room, the space can be rather cramped during a home badger event.  During my last visit (Sunday basketball game), service was rather slow, leading up to people standing 3 rows deep waiting to get a drink.  It's close to the Kohl Center (and not horrifically far from Camp Randall) so convenience is a factor.  Beyond game day, however, I couldn't see myself stopping in.Ǿ
Get ready to chooch! This place is a hidden gem on nights out. Their hammer time beats nitty gritty on all levels and their game days are amazing. 
Don't miss karaoke on Saturday nights!Ǿ
The bartenders are nice, the drinks and food both reasonably priced and well done.  My biggest complaint is the lack of NFL Sunday Ticket - unforgivable for a "sports bar."Ǿ
Good service, friendly staff, but don't bother with the food. I went to Buck's looking for a decent bar burger, but they didn't deliver. My burger was seriously overcooked, some would say burnt, and tasted like cardboard. The side salad, which I figured as the healthiest side, came with a mound of shredded cheese atop ice berg lettuce and croutons, and no other veggies in sight. The "vinagarette" was creamy and obviously poured straight from a Sysco tub.  
On the plus side, the bartender was very attentive and friendly and went out of her way to start a conversation with me.  The vibe was laid back and fun.  The prices were great, so I guess you get what you pay for.  Bottom line- go for the beer and the atmosphere, eat before you come.Ǿ
It's pretty much on-par for what I expected from a bar.

They have a decent beer selection and many huge TVs - both key for watching games! (Just don't sit in the corner by the speakers if you want to have any sort of conversation!!)

Food was also decent. Burgers, fries, and cheese curds satisfied, but were nothing to get all excited about.Ǿ
Trivia night on Thursdays and $1 Power Hour mixed drinks are a total winner here! I wish the food was higher quality, but it's definitely fine enough bar food.Ǿ
I was very disappointed with the service at this bar.  The bartenders had little to no idea what they were doing.  We played the gambling games when we were there and asked them if they had same day payout, they said that they do.  When we had won some money we asked to cash out and they said we needed to "wait around" until someone from the company of the games came to pay us.  After waiting two hours, no one had showed up, they told us to leave our name and number and they would call us tomorrow.   We took a picture of our winnings and left the machine there, they didn't even clear it out!  When I called the next day, the manager was very rude and not apologetic.  He said we "should have taken a picture of our winnings" which I stated we did.   We will not be back there ever again, I am not sure if this is a very credible business.Ǿ
More commonly known as Buck's (or Buck's Madison Square), it's your fairly standard divey sports bar. Several beers, nightly specials, moderately priced. 

My first experience with Buck's was watching hockey playoffs this year, and they had half-price appetizers and cheap beer. We got a $1.50 basket of fries, and they were really, really good. Thick-cut, crispy, not greasy. 

In the last couple of months I've been frequenting Buck's for Team Trivia on Thursdays. We usually do pretty well, so our gift certificates have been furnishing a couple five-can buckets of Miller Lite. Last week I got a veggie burger, and it was fair. Definitely not the best I've had, but pretty good for a place where veg options are not their specialty. Some things run on the pricey side ($8 cheese curds, for instance), while other things are completely reasonable ($4 brat with chips). 

It's not a place I'd clamor for, but the staff is nice and it's served its purpose well.Ǿ
A good place to be casual, have a few drinks, hang out with friends and now they have a lunch time salad bar! Not the best food in Madison, but decent bar food at an affordable price. The drink specials are pretty good too.Ǿ
This is not the Buck's I remember from my days living in Madison! Nice, nice, nice. Great drinks. Real glasses. Fun place to waste some time before a game at the Kohl Center. 
I did not get food but the plates I saw looked good!Ǿ
I made a mistake coming here for a Badger game.  Is this place a sports bar? Because it was hard to tell... It happened to be the most convenient location from our tailgate. We stood outside in the courtyard where there were 3 modest sized TV's and a large crowd. During the 3rd quarter of what was arguably the biggest game of the year, our TV went out because nobody could locate a remote to stop the timing out of the receiver. Amateurs? Yes. The TV needed to restart, which took time. (There was a touchdown during this blackout.) Nobody apologized.

During the 4th quarter, the same TV, which we spent the entirety of the game jockeying for position in front of,  went blank. Again, no apologies, just excuses, and the TV never came back on. I'd been better off at home. If this is a sports bar, they don't actually give a damn if you see the sports.

I'm not even going to go into detail about how difficult it was to get a beer. We really wanted to spend more of our money on beer. They just made it too damn difficult to get one. 

Never again