Great Polish eats! This small hole in the wall place kicks out so amazing homemade food.Ǿ
This is the best polish food I have had in the area.  The perogies are number 1 for a reason.  

The interior is not large and not made for comfort.

The pastries are very delicate and tasty.  I am glad I work near this place.   It will be a regular lunch location.

Recommend: Kielbasa sausage sandwich, stuffed cabbage, and ladylocks.Ǿ
Good food.  However Never do catering with them.  They will bail on you at the last minute and will not try to accommodate a customer.  Because of this I will not be back which is tough because I love this type of food.Ǿ
Culture and ethnicity are rare in the land of suburbia. Instead, these residential areas are overrun with chains and monotony. Variety is scarce. In these areas, places like Babushka's typically don't exist. That to me is what I find most inspiring and refreshing.

Places like these are important in building a sense of community. They are locally run and very personal. Babushka's prides themselves on homestyle cooking that's specific to their Eastern European homeland -- Pierogi's, Kielbasa, Golabki's, Paprikash, Pork & Kraut, Meatloaf, Potato Pancakes, Kolachki's and more. 

Through a lot of cultures, food is the ultimate uniter. It's one of the few events where family come together throughout their busy daily lives and share a moment. That vibe and experience is accomplished at Babushka's. The dining room feels like Grandma's kitchen. It's no frills, but serves the purpose as a gathering place to scarf comforting Polish eats while Frankie Yankovic's oom-pah-pah tunes serenade the crowd. 

Babushka's is warm, inviting, comforting and a rather unique experience for the area to say the least.Ǿ
Awesome awesome awesome.  The stuffed cabbage is just and I mean just like my aunt made growing up.  Pierogi is huge but tender dough, flavorful filling.  Their tomato dumpling soup is to die for--I seriously wish I could have a gallon to take home.  I think it's cool that they serve entrees with fresh rye bread and butter--it really DOES make you think you are back at your Baba's house for dinner.  Polkas repeat like every 20 minutes so that's a bit annoying (the first time I heard "Who stole the kishka?" it was nostalgic, by the third time I was afraid I would NEVER get it out of my head!).  Only thing that wasn't up to par was the potato pancake--tough, tough even though the flavor was okay.   Can't wait to take my whole family there when we're in the area--so my kids can taste what my Sunday family dinners were like growing up.....they also have apple pierogi desserts (?) which may be worth trying...their kolacky looked great, but they are pricey....Ǿ
People slough skin all the time. All the time! It's true with the people who make your food, too. So, I was not out of line when I asked if the people cooking in the back wore full-arm sheathing as opposed to those little hand gloves. I was not out of line.

If the person making my messy pierogi kielbasa onion butter slice of bread lunch was scritch scratching their tattoo'd arm while preparing my food, well, guess what? Go ahead, guess. Skin cells dry-raining down on everything like parmesan cheese. I'm not saying it did happen. I'm asking and that's not out of line. 

Also, is it okay for me to drink some of this grease off my plate because this expensive lunch didn't put my raging appetite to bed properly? Apparently not. Apparently I am not supposed to drink plate grease.

The food was slippery on my plate and I struggled with it. I ground away at the kielbasa and just fork-stabbed the pierogi, wolfed a chew off of it and then watched as it broke free and slapped back down into my plate. I used the rye bread to soak up what I could and ate it with my hand which was a relief since the silverware wasn't up to snuff. 

My plastic cup of fountain soda was streaked with my hand-filth and there was a slick of meat fat/butter oil on the surface of the drink. It all goes down the same hatch though and I left nothing for them to eat or drink in the back room.

The experience was better than if I had ate in some yucky fast food place down in Macedopia but it cost more than a taco bell or what not. 

My eight dollar plate of Polish food was worth eating but maybe not worth eight bucks or the dry-cleaning tab or the shame or the cholesterol or the sense that I would never get that twelve minutes back and that in the end we all just fade to nothing and all the dumplings and smoked meat in Northfield can't save us or our civilization or the inevitability of death. It takes beer to do that and they don't sell beer at Bab's Kitchen.Ǿ
Drove 4 hours to eat here and it was wonderful and well worth the trip. Get the hunters plate which is a sampler! It will fill you upǾ
This is one of the best polish food I have tried. You can't get anymore homemade authentic polish food. I was greedy and tried the Hunter's Platter. It's like a sample platter of almost everything. The food is really good.  I didn't know the platter was so big. It's a very casual dinning place and great hole in the wall place.Ǿ
As a polish citizen trying introduce locals to polish food I was very disappointed. Food quality was ok, but service was terrible. I am pretty sure, that it would by hard to find such a rude staff in the entire Poland nowadays. We were picking up an order to go (thank God, that we decided to do that instead dining in), once we were making sure everything was ok (order for 6 people), we were attacked by two ladys (one of them supposedly chef). Pretty much they told us to pay and get the hell out of there. just like I said, we were just checking out boxes and compering a list with boxes - standing on the side. Sad but true. So much for polish community in Ohio.Ǿ
My boyfriend & I loved this place!  This was my first experience eating authentic  Polish food & is a great place to bring family & friends. Our waitress was extremely friendly, the food tasted great, and I really enjoyed the opportunity to educate myself about a different culture. 
Their pierogi's are made from scratch, not the typical frozen ones you'd get from most chain eateries. The prices are more than fair considering how generous their portions are and they even have an outdoor sun-like room that you can eat on. If you're far from home or miss ma's cooking then I would check this place out!Ǿ
Its always busy. Food is average. But others just love it. Tastes are not very sophisticated in Cleveland, where "Polish food" is practically nothing more than kielbasa, usually smoked like Eckrich brand, and pierogi and sauerkraut and stuffed cabbage. People here don't seem to grasp that Polish food is much more diverse and interesting than the handful of dishes found at 'Polish' restaurants here. I didn't think the food was anything special and the restaurant is cramped. But it does a lot of business for sure.   And I hate their motto "Polish heritage foods." And "Babushka" is Russian for grandmother, its not a Polish word. So much for Polish heritage.Ǿ
This restaurant is a tiny hole in the wall in the godforsaken south-eastern Cleveland suburbs.  

Now that we've gotten that out of the way, lets continue with the RELEVANT information.

Babushka's Kitchen is a lovely little hole in the wall just past Sagamore Hills, but not quite in Macedonia.  I think the actual address is somewhere in Northfield Center...but don't quote me on that...whatever the city...its on Olde Route 8.

The menu is expansive, the prices are low, and the portions are abundant.  As such, it serves a wide variety of Polish delights, including but not limited to: Perogi, Golabki, Kielbasa, and (for desert) Kolachki.

Truth be told, I'd go for the light, fluffy, flaky, li'l Kolachkis alone.  That's cuz I'm a fat guy though.

If, for some bizarre reason, you are in Cleveland...or...for some even more bizarre reason are from Cleveland and haven't left yet...please...visit Babushka's Kitchen.

If you're into God...no joke...St. Barnabas is across the street...make a day of it?

Extra special note:

If you're into Polka and God...you know that in heaven there is no beer...so that's why we drink it here.  There doesn't seem to be any at Babushka's Kitchen either.  But there is a Panini's right down the street if you feel the need.

Also, try the Hunter's Feast.

I don't want to ruin any surprises, but to quote Chuck Palahniuk, it's "enormous, the way you'd think of God's as big."