I haven't been here for the food as yet, but I've been frequenting this King West bar a few times, and I'm now considering this to be one of my favorite watering holes in the city; when it comes to craving a stiff drink that is!

First came here on a company party a few months ago. It was on the tail end, and everyone was swishing down gin and tonics and vodka sodas. It was my first time in the place. I looked around and the decor intrigued me a little bit; Looked like an old 20's era speak easy.  I sparked a conversation with one of the bartenders regarding the place and lo and behold, I was right. Weslodge specializes in prohibition era drinks, and the decor was to reflect that time period.

I asked myself, "what the hell is everyone ordering gin and tonics for? Let's test the bar!" 

First drink was a classic Sidecar. I could see the excitement in the bartender's eyes and his enthusiastic concentration while mixing the drink. You could really tell that they've been waiting to mix a real drink all night! Also probably rolling their eyes out by the fact that they've been hired as "mixologists" only to serve gin and tonic's to a bunch of drunk 30 year olds. 

Anyways, Sidecar was amazing! But the real test for me was when I asked them to make a Manhattan. So they do a classic Manhattan here, but with a twist: infused tabacco drops. Takes the classic to a next level: smooth and strong.

I've been back a few times since, and only just for the Manhattan. One day I'll try the food, but for now, I've found my neighborhood go to place for really good classic drinks!笑
Food was below expectations. The decor is really nice but I really went to try the food. I tried the scotch egg, fried chicken, poutine and mac&cheese. The scotch egg is so tiny. I have never in my life not finished fried chicken or poutine but I didn't want to finish it because... it just didn't taste good. However the mac&cheese was delicious!笑
Beautiful place. Amazing decore. Pedestrian food. Ill go here 10 times just for drinks and on the 11th have food and am disappointed every time. Haven't even had an average meal here - only bad. If you're close by and want a drink, there are few better options笑
My first time to Toronto and a coworker recommended this place....phenomenal! 

It has a lot to do with vibe and service. It was a very chill, welcome atmosphere. And the service was great! Our server, John, recommended items very well and he definitely guided us throughout the evening with what we ordered and we loved everything. And on top of that, Adrian stepped in. We weren't sure if he was the manager or lead but he assured we were happy with our food and then guided us on to what to do in the city- we appreciated it so much! That kind of leadership and service in the hub of a big city definitely adds to the success of a company. 

The drinks were exquisite. We ordered a Manhattan, a cucumber something with gin, and two of the first tequila things. Delicious!!

We got a steak, fried chicken, and two orders of Mac n cheese. I did go hard on the Mac n cheese so that may be my only valid review but..after tasting some solid BBQ joints in the south, I can def say this is one of my faves

Bravo! We will definitely be coming back!!笑
We had a summer delicious lunch today and it was a marvelous bargain and the food servers were professional and the meal was well paced and the food was very innovative fresh and memorable. Highly recommend you take advantage of the summer delicious program and have the best 20 dollar lunch in toronto.笑
Decor, ambiance..good.....Food Flavours ...v. good...Maple glaze - fabulous!

But..shares are not  sized in proportion to price. 

****And, if it's one thing I know about southern food is that it is 'generous'....
so a take on fried chicken n biscuits (crispy hen- large share, was disappointing as I peeled off the crust to find bits of chicken!). PLEASE, let the chicken rule...don't hide it under that thick crusty cover!! This dish could be a hit with the maple glaze n biscuits if  there is more chicken than crust!  At $16, this is mostly for flour and flavour!

BTW ..bathroom attendant was not useful - he seemed to have directed everyone to the same cubicle that was overloaded, not pleasant - since there is no ventilation fan!笑
When I wrote my 100th review, I managed to consume a meal worthy of five stars. With this, my 200th review, I was sadly not as lucky.

We arrived at Weslodge's enormous doors at around noon on a Saturday, and subsequently spent about five minutes just standing around the entrance waiting to be seated. My dining companion finally ventured into the restaurant and flagged down a waiter, and we were shown to our table. But seriously? Five minutes? Weslodge loses a star for that alone, frankly.

Our waiter turned out to be somewhat incompetent, too. After asking if we wanted any alcoholic beverages, to which we said no, he swiftly disappeared from the table even though we were actually ready to order.

Anyway, we finally did order and I got the Braised Beef Hash ("poached eggs, braised beef, fingerlings, caramelized onions, brown butter hollandaise, grilled bread"). It arrived pretty quickly, actually, although I was somewhat disappointed to note that it wasn't as hot as it could (and should) have been. (The culprit here was my dining companion's fries, which were seemingly fresh out of the fryer.)

It's a decent dish. The eggs were cooked perfectly, and the various components worked quite well together. I will say I was disappointed by the lack of braised beef, especially given that it's called a Braised Beef Hash. A more apt name probably would've been Fingerling Potato Hash, as the potatoes outnumbered chunks of beef by what felt like a ratio of two to one.

Given the rather ambivalent nature of the service, I find it highly unlikely I'll ever return to Weslodge.笑
Full transparency: I have a bias against King West because, personally, I don't like douchebags...so take this review with a grain of salt if that's your scene

This wasn't our first choice for a post-Raptors game bar (why are you so small, Barhop?!) so I wasn't dressed appropriately, but the bouncer joked with us about ID'ing early 30-year-olds and didn't make a fuss about my sneakers. One star for lack of pretension outside the bar!

We arrived a little after 10pm and there were still a lot of groups finishing dinner at their tables. The area around the bar was packed, but we were lucky enough to find a small stand-up table off the one side to act as home base (for drinks/coats). However, there still wasn't much space so a significant portion of the night consisted of putting conversations on hold to let groups of people squeeze past.

At the bar I asked if they had any stouts or other dark beers and the bartender's reply was "Well, we're a *whiskey* bar....[pause].....but we have Guinness if you'd like." Why yes, I would love some Guinness since that's exactly what I asked for. Maybe next time you can provide it without a side of asshole. Minus one star for overt pretension inside the bar!

We also tried a few of the mixed drinks and, although there wasn't anything particularly wrong with them, I've had much better at other establishments. My guess is that the cocktails are rushed because the patron to bartender ratio is through the roof (yes, I'm a nerd and I just used the word "ratio" in a Yelp review).

Not my favourite joint, but at least we didn't go to Spice Route...笑
Came here for brunch with really low expectations based on the YELP reviews, but received the opposite instead and had quite a pleasant dining experience here. When you step into this restaurant, you literally feel like you've entered another world.   The decor is gorgeous and over-the-top, but still tasteful.   I was expecting snooty service (based on yelp)  and well, it was exactly the opposite.    At least, my waiter was awesome and greeted us with a tray of gourmet pastries to die for when we first seated.   The food was amazing and rightly priced.    Presentation and taste was exquisite!  I ordered the lamb bacon benedict and the duck bacon fingerling potatoes.   The duck bacon was quite different and amazingly tasty!    Benedict wasn't bad at all either, but still prefer pork bacon rather than lamb.   Really, if you have the finer  & intricate tastes in the food world, you will definitely enjoy this restaurant.    You really have to focus on the little garnishes they used in their food, it's simply fantastic.  They try to wow you with something different and they sure wowed me!  They bring you to a different dining experience and that is what a "fine" restaurant in the area of trendy King West should be like.   I will definitely come back here again to try their dinner menu.

Note:  Would have given it 5-stars, but the seating area we were given (right in the front windows) were soooo tight, that when my husband got up to leave, he knocked the glass over and it shattered.  Now he is a tiny skinny guy, no more than 125 lbs - so if he finds trouble getting in and out, it's tight!  lolz...  But they were really nice about the broken glass and told us it was no BIGGIE.  Don't like to play the blame game, but that was "really" the reason.   I hope they redesign the seating space around the front windows.笑
First things first. If you want to do this place right, don't be lazy. Make a reservation.

Great drinks, even better food, and the servers are all pretty cool but Noah is definitely the best in the whole joint.

It's loud and dark; if that's not your thing, then Weslodge isn't for you.

This is my favorite place to go on King St.笑
If you want to feel like trash this is the place to go . I was visiting my best friend from out of town  and we came here for our first meal. Food was OK (nothing to rave about for the price), service was fast. After being there for less than and hour we asked for the check. 3 minutes after signing we had a manager come up to us and tell us that they are busy and we have "five minutes to leave". We sat there in shock looking at all the empty tables around us and the fact that there was no one waiting to be seated. We then asked for the GM who was equally rude and asked if we would like another drink only AFTER I asked if they are on Yelp. This was not a good first taste of Toronto :-(笑
These guys are all over Urbanspoon, but I much prefer Yelp, so here I am. 

Went to Weslodge at the behest of a friend. I thought it looked a little pretentious from the outside, but the "urban saloon" definitely grew on me. These guys pay attention to the details: they clearly use blocks of ice when making their cubes, which stay together longer, and don't dilute your scotch rapidly. The service was great, and the food was amazing. Scotch and eggs were awesome, and their Pastrami Sandwich was incredible. I don't know what they did to the bread...maybe it was just extra butter? Whatever it was, they should keep doing it. 

Good scotch selection, I didn't look at the wine list, but they clearly put a lot of thought into their cocktails. They were usually north of $12, but there is a focus on quality spirits at this place, so I can understand those prices. 

Not a cheap place to go, but I really like it. You don't have to worry about university kids running in and turning it into a frat party.笑
Came here on a Sunday with a group of friends. We ended up getting lots of food and drinks

Really cool vibe inside - maybe too cool. Our waiter made a snarky comment when we asked about different drinks and his recommendations. 

Would have given 4 stars as the food is fantastic but snarky waiter and price is a hit too much.笑
I was there for after work drinks, and overall it was a positive experience. They had a reasonable selection of beers (but not great), however they had a very good choice of cocktails. I liked the decor, and the atmosphere was young (mid-20s through mid-30s or so), and busy, but not crowded. I heard good things about the food (New American, small servings), so I will definitely check it out next time I'm in town.笑
This has been in my hood for quite a while but I've never been in so when we were looking for a good lunch place today it seemed the perfect time.

Front hostess, awesome.  Interior, very cool.  The server was there fast, good guy, attentive without overbearing.  I had heard a lot about the scotch egg and the burger so had both and they were excellent.  I'd prefer Marben's burger over this one but not by much...maybe just because the frites were....OK, not great.

The only complaint was that the markup on the glass wine was a little silly.  There are wines that I know are only $20 a bottle and they're selling them for $16 a glass....so that's over $60 a bottle.  100-150% markup is OK but 200%+ is not right.

Outside of that it was very good.  I'll go back for dinner...I wonder if they have BYOW?笑
The burger here is fantastic on an otherwise limited menu. They don't have the menu posted outside to determine if you're into it or not, so just an FYI there are only a handful of main courses or "large plates" to choose from. If you are a salad eater, this isn't a place for you unless you want a small plate. I went with the burger since I'm on a grain-free diet and was pretty pleased. Cocktails were pricey though.笑
mr. kabbouth is lucky to replicate so many....la societe is the balthazar for anyone who doesn't know the real thing, and this is the ace without leaving toronto.

forty eight dollar rib steak special was tasty, but no bone, no sauce, no sides made it ordinary...available anywhere. 
beet salad, sweet w. honey and chevre. bibb salad w. radishes....? nothing out of the ordinary. bison tartare, bland but beautifully presented on slate rectangle as was the cheese course....what i really wanted was the honeycomb.
collard greens were salted heavily. spatzle flavoured w. pork.....is anything easier?
lemon/olive oil cake....
two beers, two glasses of wine....two hundred dollars later...we went next door to patria where the host welcomed us warmly into the room.

weslodge is a beautiful room. lots of great lighting....check out the bison over the bar.
right down to the leather aprons on the staff....it is flattery of the best kind.笑
I went for dinner and the food was actually very good, but I could not give it 4 stars because our main server was so-so.  Maybe she was having a bad day, but she was not very customer service friendly, especially at the beginning.  She warmed up a little bit towards the end but it seemed forced.  We had made a reservation because we were a large group, but she wouldn't let us all pay separately "because our machines are really slow so it will take approximately 5 minutes per person to process, and there are 10 of you, so it will be a total of 50 minutes, which is time I really don't have".  Really?笑
Meh. Food is alright, neither a good value or amazing flavor.  Probably won't come back anytime soon.笑
Enjoyable meal with a couple of opportunities for improvement.  Weslodge has an interesting menu backed up by efficient, friendly and professional service. Great location and buzz.

Fun cocktail menu - the orange spiced old fashioned is so good. I order this every time.

For appetizers, we had:
Beet salad. Good beets, but the large fibrous greens make it messy to eat.  Kitchen should consider tearing the greens into more managable pieces.

Devils on horseback. (Bacon-wrapped dates filled with goat cheese).  These were just the right blend of salty, sweet and savory.  They don't look like much on the plate but the taste will pleasantly surprise you.

Mains:
Whole Branzino. Perfectly cooked and tasty.

Veal Schnitzel.  Boo. Overdone and leathery.  I've made this mistake myself at home so I understand how easily it can happen - but not at these prices!

Sides:
Brussels sprouts, Potato cake - v.g.

Desserts:
Rhubarb trifle.  This was disappointing. Bland and not tasting at all of rhubarb which is sort of the point of the dessert. Contained a lot of custard with a few jello-y pink bits which I assume was the "rhubarb" component.  Not worth finishing.

Two of us ordered the rice pudding and that was very good.

In spite of a couple misses on this visit, we like Weslodge & will be back.笑
Such a great place!! Service is amazing.  The servers know their food and drinks! 
Extensive selection of a drink menu with top quality scotch and Brandys, etc.. 
The Dj was also great playing old school. 
The decor and atmosphere is beautiful!笑
Sunday night for a work event with a group of 10. Some individual orders, some shared platters (i.e. the "Cutting Boards").  Visitors from southern US were pleasantly surprised with the traditional southern BBQ fare (fried chicken, ribs, etc) found on the Cutting Boards.  Wagyu hot dogs or sausages are a surprising standout.  After sharing some of the plattered food, my short ribs were regrettably a bit too much to finish.  That said, didn't skip dessert, which at the time included a deconstructed mint chocolate cookie (or something?) featuring house made mint ice cream, which tasted amazingly of fresh mint leaves - beyond expectations. Service was good, but it was a slow night, so we had a great deal of attention for our large party.笑
The food was terrific.   Good vibe and lots of people on Saturday nights.  I would come back for that.  

However, the drinks were way over priced which meant that instead of relaxing with a couple more drinks and dessert we decided to leave to a cheaper locale.笑
Aside from the clientele, which cannot be blamed on the owners, the ambiance here is impeccable. From the crystal-esque glassware, to the odd taxidermy on the walls, and exquisite paneling, this lounge delighted fully. The drinks were on the sweet side, but the overall experience is recommended to anyone who enjoys the fancier side of relaxation over libations.笑
Top notch. 
The cocktail list is original and enviable. Pick your poison and then decide on how you would like it dressed up, you won't be disappointed. 
The food is clearly the result of someone who takes pride in their work. The burrata is fresh and delicate. The tartar was so well seasoned and balanced that it was light and crisp on the palate. The fried chicken may actually be the best I've ever had. Succulent, crispy and above all decadent. 
I would recommend this place to any foodie, so long as they aren't on a budget...笑
I had the pleasure of meeting up with an old friend the other day at Weslodge Saloon. This was my first time to this restaurant/bar. Located in the trendy King St W area, Weslodge  Saloon took my breath away upon entering. Once you walk into the restaurant you are greeted by a beautiful hostess who will walk you in past the heavy, plush curtains that mask the entrance. Immediately I noticed the large, heavy wood tables with plush seating and antlers on the walls. The bar takes up almost the entire wall on one side, and let me tell you, it is fully stocked! Along that back wall of the bar side of Weslodge saloon is a massive window looking into the very large kitchen. The unisex washrooms are located up a flight of stairs. Walking to the washroom you pass by an area that would be perfect for a dinner party. The table seats approx 10-12 people, and is on a balcony over looking the entire restaurant. Perfect for a birthday celebration!

Now the fun part! The drinks! My friend and I didn't have any food while at Weslodge Saloon, we were there strictly to catch up over after work drinks. Our awesome bartender (who was wearing a holster by the way, as were the other male staff - which I loved!) presented us with a couple menus. Weslodge Saloon has an extensive cocktail list, as well as scotch list. I decided to try a "La Floridita" (El Dorado Rum, Ruby Red Grapefruit, Maraschino Liquor, Cava, Orange Spiced Simple, Lemon oil. [Caramelized sugar blend with tart citrus spices in a playful balance of bubbles.]) and my friend ordered an "Orange Spiced Old Fashioned" (Bulleit Bourbon, Orange spiced Simple Syrup, Xocolate Mole & Angostura Bitters, Orange oil. [Outstanding orange spices unite with bold sweetness and are mellowed with ahint of bitter chocolate.]). The La Floridita was delicious. It tasted like an adult version of an Orangina. It was light and bubbly. Just, delicious. 
 
Next round I ordered a The Toronto, I obviously had to! Now, The Toronto was of course a bit stronger than the La Floridta I had just had, but in no way was it overwhelming. I'm not a scotch or whiskey drinker, but this was a delicious, smooth drink for sipping. 
  
For our last, and final round I went back to The Floridita, I'm a champagne girl, what can I say? My friend ordered a Maker's 46 off of Weslodge Saloon's extensive scotch list. The Maker's 46 is such a smooth, elegant looking bottle. And apparently - the scotch was as well!
  
While at a Weslodge Saloon, many other tables had food brought out, and everything looked and smelled absolutely delicious. I'm looking forward to going back to try a few other cocktails and food items. 
 
Have you ever been to Weslodge Saloon? What cocktails of their menu would you suggest?笑
Hyper beau bar ! Très très bien décoré, une carte de cocktails pointus et délicieux. Les plats sont innovants et très bons. Les nord américains ne connaissent toujours pas les steaks saignants mais savent se faire pardonner. Service rapide mais cette fois ci serveuse un peu stressante. On la pardonne encore car le rapport qualité prix est extra. Wow笑
If you're looking for a good meal, save your money. I've been to this restaurant three times now- I guess I'm an optimist. Now I realize it's time to be real and face facts the Weslodge needs to calm down. They are trying way to hard on hipster facade and not nearly hard enough on culinary basics. The first visit was not too bad: a nearly raw in house ground burger with water that smelled like an old fish tank. My burger came with fries- however they were inedible due to the over seasoning - which I can only liken to the drawer sachets full of grandmothers potpourri. $20 later and with the smell of an old aquarium on my breath, I left with a bad taste in my mouth (literally- looking at you grandma). And vowed never to go back. 

And yet, here I am writing a review. 

That damn ambience. Friends wanted to grab a quick bite, so I found myself walking through the bright yellow doors once more. I had an $18 salad- no it did not come with a happy ending, but the salad -chopped salad was good. Fish water- still on the menu. Horrible service. Overpriced. The end.笑
Weslodge is a nice setting, but I've been a few times and the food typically misses the mark. It's a good place if you're looking for a busy environment any day of the week, but the food tries to be more than it is, and falls short.笑
If you're a meat lover with a fancy palette, this place is for you! They have a wide selection of different meats cooked with different flavourings and different techniques, so their dishes aren't similar. Unlike many other restaurants. 

The decor inside is nice, cozy. It has a western saloon kind of feel to it. The staff is friendly, and are quick. They seem hungry for their tips. I recommend going in groups, it does get quite costly, and the dishes are quite huge.笑
Great saloon.  
Food is meant to be pared with Saloon style drinks.  We had the two award winning cocktails, Bluth and Orange Spiced Old Fashion.  Both great drinks on there own, but made the food even better. 

Started with the Scotch Egg and House Sausage.  The Scotch Egg was small, tasty and crisp on the outside.  sausage plate was  interesting. Different types of sausage with home made compliments loved it. 

For the main we shared the burger and the Waygu Beef.  The burger was not huge and fry portion small, but every bite was an experience  so much Flavour. The Austrailian Wagyu was outstanding.  Tender, flavorful. Eat slowly and Savoie every bite, in between sips from you Bourbon Cocktails.  Yum. 

This is a restaurant that is concerned about how each and every part of the dish is put together.  No detail too small. Even the ketchup is made in house. 

The environment is young, loud and full of energy.  Out waiter Noah was attentive, humorous and informative.  Could not have asked for more from him. 

Will return.  One of the best places on the street and that says a lot Bering one the best restaurant street in Toronto笑
Solid food - egg/chorizo appetizer, corn beef sandwich.  all good笑
So I just degraded my rating from a two star to a one star. Came here for my friends birthday, first they say us down at a table and later removed us because the hostess confused us with another crowd. Then we were changed to a smaller table which would fit 4 but we were a group of 7! Finally we were sat down in the VIP area of the restaurant, which was nice but the entire disorganization and constant seat switching became annoying. 

However, as we were seated in the VIP lounge, we were told to leave by 9 because they had prior reservations so we couldn't order dinner just drinks! And boy the drinks were not good, I expected it to be better. Too much cinnamon in my drinks! The only thing they got right was my vodka cranberry...which isn't brain surgery. My amaretto sour was horrible, absolutely gross!! How do you mess that up? Felt like I was drinking water with cinnamon. My friends returned their drinks but the sever kept saying how he has to pay out of his own pocket for the drinks so I didn't return mine. 

I must say I don't think I will return here ever again...unless they highly improve their customer service. Our server wasn't too bad he did well but sometimes forgot about us! 

Overall, highly dissatisfied and I'm a regular on king street. Very unimpressed.笑
Went here for the first time, huge fan of Patria (same owners) and took my meat loving brother for his birthday. He loved it, had the burger and was very happy. Place looks amazing, and that scotch egg is really good (though overpriced, and I never say that, but it's literally one bite for $8). I had the turkey sandwich, and the turkey was amazing. The problem was that they put so much oil on the bread that i couldn't eat it. I would generally say something, but I didn't want to make a fuss on my brothers day. I would try it again, but it's really bad for you food, so not likely in the near future.笑
This is based on my experience w drinks only, no food. 
Came here at 930pm for drinks on a Sunday to see it more than 75% full. 

Pros: the decor is really beautiful. It's well thought out, laid out, very nice attention to details, the ceiling is high to accommodate the second flood that I we looks the main floor. The kitchen is open concept w a large glass between the kitchen and Dining area. The most surprising thingis that is the space seemed pretty intimate despite all the above. The soundtrack was a good mishmash just like the crowd; people were In baseball caps, girls in casual wear, other tables had cocktail dresses and suits. My streetcar cocktail was perfect and amazingggg. i would def go back for this cocktail, and rec this place for people who can afford it.


Cons: the cocktails are on the smaller size despite normal higher end prices as per usual Downtown bar ($13-19)笑
My water glass was never less than 3/4 full. Superb water attentiveness. But what's with the leather holsters?笑
Never again! Worst brunch ever... Okay maybe a diner in the middle of nowhere would have been worse, but it would have been cheaper.
Limited choices and nothing special.
Ended up having a Wedge Salad - and again nothing special, just a head of lettuce with some blue cheese sprinkled on top.
So it's pretentious and for all the wrong reasons.笑
This place is lame.  Trying way too hard to be be King West cool and nothing comes across as confident. It is a rip off of the Castor (LPC) decor-wise and their artificial creating of lines is so unnecessary.  I took my time checking it out, because I heard so many so-so or worse reviews, but eventually went for a work dinner.  Food was ok - some highs and some lows...servers were distracted and distant, despite how much we were paying...normally I would go for 3 stars, based on decor & food and general try hard vibe....

so why 2?  Open kitchen + lax staff = grossed me out.  We watched as one server played with her hair and checked for split ends as they were plating our food and watched another two servers flirt / nearly make out right in front of the window...get it together - totally unprofessional and icky...

Won't go back...笑
This restaurant is pretty average but considering the price it was a total rip off. We ordered the short ribs and our cut was incredibly fatty, we had two bites each and it was designed for two people at $55, so we sent it back. We ordered the striploin also designed for two people at $65 and it was about 3 oz of steak each. We left completely hungry and contemplating getting A&W to fill up. The bill came out to $160 and we are not satisfied. 

The drinks were very good, and the manager was quite helpful in taking the ribs off the bill and giving us an extra side dish... But I would say if you want to go for a good meal, maybe reconsider and check out the Keg.笑
What a wonderful evening. From the wide smile the hostess was wearing when we entered to the amazing server who took such great care of us -- it was an incredible experience. With an amazing decor that makes you believe you are in a lodge perched high in the mountains and a menu that speaks to your every culinary desire -- this establishment is worth a visit. Our group of twelve could not find one thing to criticize about our visit and the only negative was that it had to end. The wine list is extensive and the bartenders are both adorable and attentive. We had a great time. Thank you WesLodge! Hopefully we can return soon.笑
I came to Weslodge for brunch on a whim and it was probably 90% because of the big yellow doors outside. So cool! The decor inside was even more impressive; honestly one of the more beautifully done restaurants I've seen.

There were very few other tables for brunch so we got a lot of attention from our server who was on point throughout the entire experience. I loved the attention to detail in little things like the cute absynthe-style glass our sugar cubes were served in.

Food itself was quite delicious. The eggs benedict with the lamb bacon was quite enjoyable. My guest had the fried chicken with house made biscuit which was divine. So tasty. We also had a side of fries and I loved how they did them. Plenty of fingerling potatoes, not overly seasoned, and served with house made ketchup.

I would definitely come back and would love to try their extensive cocktail list during an evening. For a person who doesnt like clubs, this atmosphere may be the perfect "nightlife."

One minor qualm: Q Water. We asked for water and were served jugs of this at $2.50/person. Is this a big deal? Not at all, it's just a minor annoyance. But this annoying little company is growing in Toronto and I dread the day we can no longer ask for ice water at a restaurant...笑
Loved it! Only stopped in for cocktails, but I had a great experience. They specialize in cocktails, so if you want to have a well crafted drink, you must drop in! Tried the house old fashioned, Tobacco Manhattan, and Canadian Mutt. All were excellent. All I would re-order! 

Looooooooooooove the decor. Staff was amazingly helpful and informative. I'll be back soon!笑
Late review, but going to do one for people considering doing Summerlicious at Weslodge next year.

This year, Weslodge only offered the $35 dinner option. I ordered the scotch egg, seabass, and instant olive oil cake. The $35 dinner option usually is equivalent to the $23 lunch option. I think the flavours were alright for a $23 price tag but I wouldn't go again for $35. 

The flavours for the scotch egg and sea bass were both peculiar and a bit too eccentric for my taste. I'm all about having different sweet, savoury, sour flavours in one dish, but for some reason, it didn't work out for the dishes they offered. The chorizo with the scotch egg was sour and sweet and didn't compliment the scotch egg. I usually love things with truffle in them, but for some reason the truffle made it seem almost plastic-y. I still don't know how they did that. Seabass had some pickled tomatoes that were ridiculously sour that it was almost too hard to finish - and mind you, this never happens to me. I guess if you like your food extremely sour, this is the place for you.
Dessert was good but nothing amazing. My friends who ordered other dishes also agreed that dessert was the best. I sampled the mint ice cream and it tasted really fresh!

Service was really good though!笑
Not a lot of variety on the menu; it was hard for a group of 4 to pick enough dishes to satisfy our hunger. Definite winners were the fried chicken and sausage plates, but most of the other choices were mediocre. Waitress seemed a little fed up with her job, but the rest of the staff, including other waiters who occasionally brought our orders, were friendly. Decent place for an after work drink but for a good meal, go next door to Patria instead (same ownership).笑
Came here for a birthday dinner with my parents and we all loved it! We ordered the Cutting Board which had all of the restaurant's popular dishes and it all tasted great! I also ordered the instant cake for dessert and our server brought it to the table with a candle! That shows how much attention the servers pay to their guests and the high level of service! Absolutely recommend to everyone :D笑
brunch fail. the food tasted good, but the portions are ridiculously small, and the prices too high. as a local King West resident, i was embarrassed to take my friend there. we had to go for 2nd brunch elsewhere. clearly, its a bar, not a restaurant.笑
Came here for Summerlicious dinner with family to celebrate a birthday. It was my first visit, and I was excited to try this place which I had heard wonderful things about. My review:

Food tasted great but the portioning was way off. I had the beet salad which came with a generous helping of red beets, crème fraîche, fresh grated horseradish, watercress and candied hazelnuts. However, one of my family members is allergic to hazelnuts and did not notice that it was in the menu description when she ordered it as her appetizer. When we asked the waiter if there are in fact hazelnuts, he said he would check with the kitchen. He came back to tell us there are no hazelnuts, only walnuts in the salad. These were clearly not walnuts. The kitchen and staff really should know what allergenic ingredients are going into their dishes. Had we taken his word, she would have eaten the nuts and had a very serious allergic reaction. For the main, I had the short-rib which was deliciously smoky and charred to perfection. The meat was tender and seasoning was on point. The side of beans added a nice tangy sweetness that contrasted well with the savoury beef. Others at my table made the mistake of ordering the trout, which came in a laughable portion measuring about 4"x6"x0.5". While the skin was crispy and the meat itself was moist and flavourful, the portion really did not justify the $38 set meal price. It also came with just three thin slices of zucchini and a very small crab fritter, smaller than a timbit. If you order the fish, don't come hungry. Finally for dessert, I chose the sticky date pudding with vanilla ice cream. Topped with caramel sauce, it was all a bit too sweet for me, but the portion was generous, and the contrast between creamy cool vanilla bean ice cream paired well with the warm spiced cake. The ginger crumble on top added a nice texture contrast to a dish that was overall soft in texture. The banana tart had a pleasant chocolate cookie crust with just the right thickness, but otherwise was not memorable. The trifle lacked flavour. 

The restaurant itself is gorgeous. Decked out like an upscale western saloon, it sports dark wood and is decorated with hunting memorabilia. A nice place to hang around for drinks with friends.

The service was hit and miss. Our main server was not as attentive with our table as he was with diners who ordered off the regular menu. It bothers me when restaurant staff treat you differently depending on whether you are taking part in Summerlicious or not. I think all paying customers deserve equal treatment. In contrast, the other servers who helped with our table were fantastic. 

Overall, my food was delicious and most of the service was great, but I am giving two stars because of the hazelnut situation, and because the portioning of the fish dish really did not justify the price.笑
This was easily the worst dining experience in the city and a painful reminder that excellence isn't found everywhere. Walked into the place on a whim and would not recommend anyone go here for one simple reason: Pretentious interior decor does not make up for horrible and overpriced food. How this place stays in business with all competition around it is beyond me. 

We had "risotto" which did not deserve to be called that on a menu - it was a horrendous concoction of sour vegetables and no rice; Hamburger the size of a slider served with previously frozen and undercooked fries; Roasted cauliflower which was raw, soggy, and disgusting; And sausage rolls appetizer which were still cold on the inside when served to the table.

After we complained about awful quality of our dishes the manager's response was downright disturbing: "Well, at least you got to try it." They must be keenly aware of the garbage they peddle and all they can do is try and sweep it under the rug. The attempt to do a partial comp in the end did nothing to improve our experience there. Whatever the reason you have for looking at this place - just keep going, there better options all around.笑
The bar at the front is nicely situated for groups and mingling and is tastefully decorated in a classic 20s era theme with floor to ceiling windows looking out on the street. The tables and booths area, however, looks more like your standard pub. Not sure I would eat a meal here since the pub vibe at the tables does not entice me when it comes to quality food.

As for drinks, the cocktail menu is extensive but expensive. $18 for a specialty cocktail is simply overpriced for this type of joint. I appreciate that drinks are of high quality but the price is not right. I might come for a drink but then move elsewhere.笑
Sunday brunch.  Food was okay.  However, there was nothing that had the "wow" factor.  

The scotch egg was nicely presented and the tomato jam was yummy.  The foie gras on brioche was so good but there was too much bread and not enough foie gras.  The fried chicken could've been more juicy and crispy.  The biscuit was a tad dry and on the heavy side.  The green jalapeño sauce was tasty, I put that on everything.  All poached eggs were spot on, but lacked seasoning, even a sprinkle of salt would've made a difference.  The fried green tomatoes had a heavy coating.  It seemed like all dishes were served with a simple arugula salad which was just that, simple.  This review seems terribly critical, but I really did have higher expectations.  

Service was quite good.  Beautiful decor.笑
We went there for my birthday. The place has a cool vibe.

We had Whisky Sours which were AWESOME! !!

The food was excellent and service was great. Just the food should have slightly larger portions. That would have made a 5th star笑
Came for Sunday brunch - made a reservation on opentable but strangely when we arrived they said no reservation was to be found... No matter, we were seated quickly and provided with drinks. Coffee was quite good with some tangy after notes and served with a cute pair of tongs for white and brown sugar cubes. 

The scotch egg was absolutely delicious - well cooked soft boiled egg with a chorizo outer layer that was crispy and flavorful. Would totally have gotten more, if not for the other amazing menu items!

Buttermilk pancakes were fantastically soft and fluffy, with just the right amount of cream and syrup. Peach preserve was subtle was appreciated. 

Cinnamon French toast was also fabulous - the cinnamon was strong but not too much, and the berries were a nice touch. 

Decor was very woodsy / cabiny - lots of wood panels and stuffed animals! 

Would certainly come back again :)笑
Brunch review incoming:

Scotch quail egg: great presentation and good flavour. A nice starter.

Buttermilk pancakes. Large portions, tasted really fresh, really enjoyed it.

Eggs benedict: a solid dish, good flavour.

Overall a solid brunch, with good service in a nice clean restaurant.笑
Food was super salty, no flavour and overpriced. Drinks were great however. Come for drinks not food.笑
Should be able to put 0 stars! 

Awful service - without even going.  The new reservations number is not on the website, and having eventually got through, encountered an unbelievably snotty lady who advised that I should have known to book at least two weeks in advance.

Not a good indication of what could have been.  I shan't be trying again.笑
I have been here on several occasions to drink at the bar and thoroughly enjoyed myself, however I had never eaten.
We came in for dinner on Thursday night at around 9pm and only ended up staying for an appetizer because everything just seemed to be a little bit, i don't know, let's say....... Shit. 
The server seemed nice.
We saw her twice.
There were 2 big tables in her section which meant that all attention went to them and not so much time was spent with us. We had a G&T each and the tartare. 
The Tartare was bland and unseasoned and came out remarkably fast which suggested that it wasn't freshly made. 

At this point we were I satisfied and went to Wurst for some sausage. That was good.

Food 6/10
Drinks 8/10
Service 5/10笑
We were a small group on a Saturday night. 
Good points: Big yellow door, nice hostess, utensils wrap tightly in napkin, service was nice and efficient. 
Cons: pricey, pig ears were gross (I didn't care for the food at all to be honest but that may just be me), bathroom attendant. 
Overall not terrible but not great.笑
The biscuits are to die for...also love the trendy yellow doors and interior decor. Definitely a great spot for brunch!笑
I miss Breslin in NYC ... this isn't quite it. Mixed crowd for brunch.

Bison Pastrami, yum but it could be served on better toasted baguette. Fries were yum. My friends' potatoe fingerling were delish.

Scotch egg - yummy

Caesar - could be stronger but still yummy.

Service started out great and it got busy and we waited a lot for water, bill, change, etc. 

It can get loud in there once it fills up.笑
Really enjoyed a birthday dinner at this place recently, amazing service and friendly staff .. Smaller menu which I quite liked (I'm indecisive and like fewer options sometimes!). We ordered the ribeye, and a few additional dishes totalling about 4 dishes total - everything is tapas style so prepare for ordering a few thing from the menu. Everything was delicious and cooked to perfection, highly recommended for a fancier dinner, treat yourself ! You won't regret it笑
The atmosphere is definitely cool. The service wasn't horrible. 

They serve water in these weird jars, and its clear the water was sitting around for a while. The water tasted crazy bad and warm lol spend the extra money and buy a bottle.笑
With their bright yellow door frame and logo decked out in light bulbs, it's pretty hard to miss this place if you are a king west regular. For a while I wondered whether it was worth trying out and my verdict is yes.. if you are into the fancy cocktail scene and like a good mix of contemporary and traditional options on the menu. 

For a Wednesday night it was busy. Ambience was dim and we were seated in the middle booths which were close enough that your neighbours can hear your conversations but it was not uncomfortable. Really nice bar area btw.

There was a wide variety on the menu from crispy pig ears to poutine with foie gras to bone marrow and steaks - nice to have the range of selections. To start we went for the hamachi ceviche ($16) and chopped steak tartar ($19). The ceviche was strong and acidic which I liked and although there weren't too many fish pieces to dig out it overall refreshing and delicious. The tartar on the other hand I would probably pass on. Too under-seasoned which I usually don't complain about.

For our main we ordered the bison ribeye ($42) and a side order of Brussels sprouts. The ribeye came with quinoa in a balsamic reduction and precut into slices for easy sharing. Their steaks are supposed to be popular and it didn't disappoint! The brussels sprouts were cooked in bacon fat and seared - very yummy sidekick.

A centrally located option to consider if you are looking for a fancier place for drinks & food. Expect higher price points and a more sophisticated crowd in this 'modern saloon'. I think I'll be back to try their cocktails and that deluxe foie gras poutine!笑
What drew me to Weslodge? The GREAT BIG YELLOW doors!! 

Food - My friend and I shared a seared yellow tuna for starter then I ordered the breaded skate wing (i.e. stingray) and a duck egg and bacon (i.e. brekky) for dinner =P Everything was pretty tasty and filling =) My friend ordered the cornish hen which, I'd say, the best cornish hen ever!!

Drinks - Lots to choose from.... Where do I start?!?! Water, perhaps?!?! Weslodge serves Q water (still/sparkling)!! Some fancy cocktails/beer/wine!! Trust you will be pleasantly surprised!!

Facilities - barn-style co-ed washrooms.... It's worth checking out =P

Ambiance - Simply love the deco! High ceiling, well accessorized, nice seating and with a touch of elegance!! Well done, Weslodge!!笑
Went to Weslodge tonight for drinks with some girlfriends. Have been there before and it was ok, went back tonight only because it was convenient to where we'd gone for dinner and the birthday girl insisted on avoiding any distance. Decor is cool for sure, but... Servers were indifferent at best, drinks were fine but expensive and inconsistent (my same order came with a King Cube rock in it one time and neat the next, for example) and I have no idea why, given that we sat at the very back of the restaurant near the kitchen, but it reeked of cigarette smoke. How could the smoke have travelled that far from people smoking outside and it blowing in? I do not know, but my hair stinks now that I'm home. Throwback to 90s club nights with this stank. Not much female staff presence - maybe a result of the harassment allegations? Nobody wants to work there? Either way, I won't support this business again. Not worth it on any front.笑
Last Friday I bee-lined down to King Street to crash their dinner date at a "hype"  new place called Weslodge.  I was so excited.  The yellow doors are such a statement and the reviews were pretty good.

I was sadly, disappointed.  The biggest factor was the pretentious air.  We didn't have a reservation but the tone in which we were told we could "borrow" the table and "give it back" in an hour was too too much.  It's just a table.  In a restaurant.  You want the seats filled, right?  Am I wrong? In fact we filled them for a full two hours until they gave us a ten minute warning.

Regardless of the attitude of the hostess, the wait staff was friendly and informative.  They all seemed to be having a good time in their kitschy saloon uniforms, which leads me to the décor - think hunter meets prince. Love it.

All that sad, I was unimpressed with the food.  I got 21 french fries.  I counted because they looked so sparse when they came to the table.  The menu itself is pricier than what it should be so I would have at least wanted 25 fries.  The rest of the food was lackluster, save and except the Scotch Egg.  Cracker gave it her stamp of approval.

I'm blogging about it still because the desserts and cocktails were banging.  And I only use banging when I hands-up like something.  My niece told me that people say "legit".  So using her vocabulary, yes, these desserts are legit.

I loved the instant cake and I don't even like chocolate.  I think I'm a fan for random things I don't see on a menu: like the words 'instant' and 'cake' together.

The cheesecake was just as good.  In fact, the Scotsman and Cracker were fighting over the last bite, but oh-so-politely, until Cracker just ate it.

All in all, I would go again - with a reservation, with an attitude, and just for drinks.笑
I have been excited yet hesitant to try out this restaurant. I had wanted to check it out but the menu(mostly meat) held me back (I'm a very picky eater). We decided to take the plunge and try it and I'm glad we did. They decor is really nice, very saloonish. Please note that I did not like the aprons that were part of the servers uniform(personal preference). 
Food
Appetizer 
Bison tartar and fois grais on sourdough 5.5/5 amazing 
Entree
Wagyu beef 5/5
Sides
Brussel sprouts 3/5 too salty
Squash tators 4/5

Repeat: definitely笑
I had high hopes for this place, looks like so much fun but the brief summary is that it was overpriced, loud and unfortunately, I would not recommend.
Some details.....    menu is a bit scattered and eclectic - not to mention overpriced!!!  We ordered the 16 ounce striploin which was half meat and half bone.  The flatiron steak - tasty but the size of the dish was more like an appetizer.  Dinner for four people (who ate conservatively) was $265.....  we went else where for coffee and desert!!笑
Weslodge is a western themed saloon restaurant with beautiful decor and delicious food! 
The appetizer menu has some interesting items. Their smoked trout is excellent, and dates stuffed with cheese and wrapped in bacon is decadent! 

Another specialty is large plates of meat to be shared. We tried perfectly cooked steak and juicy chicken! If we had more people, we would totally be tempted to try their larger portion aged steak.

Of course we can't forget the desert! The banana mousse and dulce de leche was my favorite, and their rice pudding and chocolate cake were excellent as well! 

The service was very attentive but not overbearing. We really enjoyed our time there! It wasn't super busy on a Thursday night. We were able to walk in and get a window seat.笑
Went here with a girlfriend yesturday and it was a great experience. We shared the salmon tartar (I would highly recommend) and the beef tartar with the foie gras mousse (the beef was very tasty but the mousse seemed more like a butter but still relish). The service here was impeccable, the servers were constantly refilling my water, coming by to check up on us, I also really enjoyed there saloon getup, with gun hoisters and all. For dessert I had the toffee, fig sobet, which was the best part of my meal! Definitely order that if you are craving something sweet. Overall, it was a great dining experience, nothing wow, just good for a casual lunch, dinner, or happy hour. Ideally I would go with co-workers or friends, not for a date.笑
Trendy, chic, and a visual feast. Unfortunately, the food doesn't stand up to the glamour. The drinks are fairly tasty with a couple of original concoctions, but the price is indicative of the neighbourhood and not the quality.

The fact that it's ram packed and difficult to get a spot makes it desirable to the crowd that tries to frequent the place. The owners are well known for the numerous clubs and lounges they've made Toronto hallmarks over the past 15 years.

Try it once, say you did it, move on!笑
After a busy week at work, my pal and I decided to treat ourselves to dinner at Weslodge on Saturday night.

I ordered the Boston Bibb (small appetizer salad) and the Tomato Fumet (clams and mussels in a tomato broth).

The Perks
- good location; a quick walk from St. Andrew Station 
- on-line reservation; you can make reservations within 2 clicks
- attentive service
- aesthetic pleasing (the washrooms are worth checking out)

The Drawbacks
- food is pretty average and nothing to write home about
- very, very expensive for what you get

I'm glad that I ate here; that being said, my experience on the whole was a-ok. If I don't get to come back here, I'm a-ok as well.笑
First time in Toronto.  Friends and I got the short ribs with Brussels sprouts and the hen and biscuits with grilled snap peas.  Everything was excellent.  The bartender also makes a delicious old fashioned.笑
Great location, slick decor, pretty decent service, excellent bartenders and beverages. I haven't eaten anything here before, but the spot is always happening/busy with great people watching. The drinks are flowing with a huge selection of craft cocktails. I would come back again for sure (as I have twice now).笑
This was by no doubt one of our best experiences in Toronto. The service , the vibe, atmosphere, FOOD! 
The mussels are the BEST I have had in my life. Period. 
I loved this place and I can't wait to go back and enjoy those succulents mussels again in the company of a nice glass of wine. Cheers!笑
I loved Weslodge! 
I took out-of-town friends to this restaurant after doing my research. We didn't go with any expectations except that this place was going to be pricey. I had read a lot of mixed reviews and just had to try it for myself. We had a great experience from the sweet and bubbly hostess who seated me right away when my party hadn't fully arrived. Our server was attentive and knowledgeable about everything on their drink and dinner menus. He double checked everything with the kitchen when I told him of my nut allergy. He always ensured our water glasses were filled and that everything we ordered came out on time. We never waited on anything.
I will definitely be going again. Maybe not right away as it was a pricier meal.

What we ordered with our rating:
DRINKS
- glass of Bodega Humberto Canale Estate malbec (3/5, average glass of wine)
- two old fashioned (one regular 5/5, one orange-spiced 3/5 - this was a tad sweet)

APPETIZERS:
- scotch egg made with a quail egg (5/5, you get one per order)
- oysters (5/5, you get 6 per order)

MAIN COURSE:
- bison ribeye (5/5, great portion, perfectly served rare as I had asked)
- herb spaetzel w. wild mushroom & lamb bacon (5/5, great portion size perfect for sharing, loved the lamb bacon)
- Australian Wagyu Bavette (4/5, delicious but came with no sides)
- Squash tater tots (5/5, you get about 6 per order, crispy on the outside & inside is a puree that melts in your mouth almost like a cheese, texture texture texture)
- Baked black cod (4/5, fish was well cooked, citrus vinaigrette was very sweet)

DESSERT:
- olive oil cake (3/5)
- sticky toffee cake (4/5, the cake was similar to a banana bread, the toffee was to die for)
- apple cream almond cake (didn't try... I'm allergic)
- americano coffee (3/5)
- latte coffee (3/5)

The $ for this restaurant needs to be updated. It's more like a $$$$ restaurant.笑
This place is PRETTY..... Seriously, from the outside, you feel like you are about to walk into some Hollywood show with the name of the restaurant in bright lit bulbs and its sky high bright yellow sidewalk to ceiling doors. As you step in, you feel like you have walked into some chalet in the Swiss alps, wooden interiors, open concept, the feeling of warmth with the dark finishes, yet stylish and eclectic... I'm not great with details... You just have to go check it out.

They make their own tonic so I had to give it a try. It is murkier in colour but tastes different enough to notice the difference and still like it. For my second drink, I was fancying a bourbon sour, and although the waitress indicated that they don't have a sour mix as they make everything in house, they would try to make something for me. Boy did they not disappoint. Shaken bourbon into a concoction that was tarte and sweet, with a dash of cinnamon that sealed each sip. Quite delectable !

I ordered the raved about scotch egg and having never eaten one, I wasn't sure what to expect...a little afraid it would be crazy deep fried and there would be no bite to a little tiny egg. It completely exceeded my expectations!  The chorizo was juicy and gave a nice kick to the bite, while the tomato jam balanced out the saltiness of other chorizo. There was a hint of truffle oil that sealed the deal.

Our server was friendly and really great with helping us With our questions. The reason I couldn't give this place a full five stars is because when we first walked into weslodge, the of the three hostesses in the front was ready to bring us to the table while another scolded her in front of us because apparently there were going to be plenty of reservations within the next 30 minutes and there may not be room. Looking around the place, there were seats at the bar and 75 percent of the restaurant was empty at that time. It was a major turnoff and I was ready to turn around and walk out at that moment. Thank goodness the rest of the night went well.

It's definitely more up scale and not for everyday but you deserve to treat yourself so eat here.... I'll be back!笑
As a resident of the building that Weslodge is in, I obviously had to try the second most convenient restaurant for me to get to (the 1st is Patria). So, I finally decided to try it today to have their much talked about meat platter. 

The atmosphere was amazing, and it was really too bad that I had a bad experience here as I would have come in again and again just for the atmosphere itself. 

The service was friendly. However:

When I ordered, I told my waiter specifically to have the pulled pork on a side dish as I cannot have pork. Everything else on the platter seemed fine, including the duck sausage and the mac n cheese. The waiter said this was no problem. As soon as the food was placed on our table, the waiter tells me that I cannot have the duck sausage as it is encased in a pork skin, and I cannot have the mac n cheese as it has a bacon creme on top that 'we cannot make it without'. Well buddy, if you had told me this when I was placing my order, me and my partner would have ordered something else instead of paying $29 for a platter full of things I could not eat! What was crazy was he said that and just left without asking me if I was fine with this.

Unfortunately Weslodge, you have lost someone who could have become a frequent visitor! Your restaurant is right under me!!!

Oh well.

BTW: the stuff I could eat was delicious. Unfortunately, the service left a bad taste in my mouth and I don't think I will be visiting anytime soon!笑
A+ MY SCENE.

So I have to admit, the yellow doors are a bit obnoxious...but a resto's got to do what a resto's got to do, amirite? I swear they probably get 95% of their guests coming in because of those yellow doors...and to be honest I am one of those people (because I guess I can't find places unless they slap me in the face with their lack of subtlety). Forget judging a book by it's cover--judge a resto by its doors!*

I see other reviewers had gripes about the drinks. Good thing I didn't order a drink (for once).

The food was delicious. This place is definitely on the pricier side, but with pretentious specials like jalapeno popsicles for dessert (KILLER GOOD), at least they deliver.

I came around for dinner and I had the milk poached veal (yes, their milk poached veal brought all the girls to the yard...well, at least me). Delicious. Tender, flavourful, filling. It also comes with some pieces of crab meat, which (forgive me if I am woefully ignorant) seemed like a strange combo. Well, if it works, it works. It worked.
For dessert, I went for the milk cake which had candied nuts and other sophisticated things attached to it. The cake was perfect. Delicate flavour, just right moistness without being too soggy.

And I really need to commend the decor. So it may be a bit over the top, but if the giant yellow doors didn't tip you off, I think that's what they were going for. Vintage-looking (but obviously expensive) stuffed plush chairs, carefully aged wooden tables, high class saloon decor (oxymoronic, yes), so hipster it hurt. Hurt so good.

On my way to the bathrooms, I noticed that the second floor has a private room that is sectioned off with velvety curtains and situated on a balcony of sorts that looks out onto the main dining floor. Looked like it would seat around 10 people or so. Seems like a perfect birthday camp for a group that enjoys voyeurism and people-watching. The bathrooms were all single rooms, just to round off the whole impressive interior.

Can't wait to come back... but maybe after my next paycheck!

(*this method has now been certified tried and true.)笑
I'm going to do the unthinkable, I'm going to give a solid four stars to a King W locale. This strip is usually not for me, but this place transcends the after work pretend-to-make-more-money-than-you-do King crowd. 

I returned with friends, and had gin and their house-made tonic, triple cooked fries and brussel sprouts. Everything was scrumptious, and since I steered clear of the martinis and steak my bill was reasonable this time.

PEPPER POINTS for the glass peering into the kitchen. It isn't open so you aren't smelling or hearing the happenings, but it's fun to watch. The accountability that comes with this is commendable. Bravo.笑
Great decor, extremely strong drinks. Go here for post-work drinks, and to see and be seen. (N.B. this review is based on a Summerlicious dinner)

Atmosphere: Beautiful saloon style decorations, cushy booth seating, and excellent choice in light fixtures. Bartenders wear the traditional western suspenders you might see in old movies. The whole restaurant has a western saloon feel, and I can't say enough about how casual but classy the vibe is here. The crowd is mostly from the financial district, hanging around the bar for post-work drinks.

Service: Cool service. Not cool as in nice, but cool as in detached, perfunctory, and a little less than courteous. However, our server checked on us 12 times during the meal, which was appreciated, if somewhat an annoyance. Given the price of a meal + 1 drink (~$50), and the 20% tip that I usually leave, it was the kind of attentiveness I would expect from a place like this. 

Food: Scrumptious desserts, but the main course and apps weren't very memorable. The scotch egg was crunchy on the outside, and the chorizo was flavourful, but it didn't wow the tastebuds. We had the Sea Bass + Quinoa for the main: cooked well, but once again, just average. Dessert was a Panna Cotta, which came with pieces of ginger-y honey cake and bits of granny smith apples. I can't say enough about how well the combination of flavours worked in this plate. Definitely recommended. 

Their cocktails are also highly recommended. They specialize in what appears to be traditional saloon drinks, so expect a lot of brandy, gin, bourbon, and bitters. If you are especially sensitive to alcohol, note that the cocktails tend to run strong! Ask the server for help with your drink order. 

Overall: Probably won't do a full meal here again, but will be returning for the cocktails and desserts. 3 stars for the food/drinks, and an extra star just because the ambiance is truly awesome. A fun, themed addition to the King West / West King West border.笑
I want to give this place 2 stars because the brunch my friend and I had was sort of disappointing. My friend ordered a standard breakfast w/2 eggs, bacon and sausage and he was w/e about it. I ordered the asparagus brunch (ricotta cheese, asparagus on a puff pastry w/scrambled eggs) and was disappointed. They served the food to us lukewarm and there was not much taste to my dish at all. The service here was good, waitress refilled out glasses a lot (maybe because the restaurant wasn't busy at all) and we were asked by 2-3 people how we liked the food. Good service, mediocre food. (+1 star)笑
Sit at the bar.  Order an old fashioned, and the spaetzle.  You won't regret it (though you might cringe at the $15 price tag on the old fashioned).  
I'd skip pretty much everything else on the menu that I've tried.  It's all very Meh, but the Old Fashioned's and the Spaetzle are worth 5 stars each, so with some awkward non-mathematical rounding, I'll go to 3 stars.  
Seriously though.  Get an old fashioned.笑
This place does NOT mess around when it comes to cocktails. Personally I found the options a bit overwhelming but our server worked with me and talked through the massive list of options and found a couple of likable options. 

I think I prefer this place for drinks over food. Mind you, the mac & cheese is incredibly tasty however I had the sea bass and found the flavor lacking. Cooked nicely and but unfortunately I had higher expectations. 

PS. Reservations are ideal because the bar gets crowded/full quickly.笑
Great place to eat, nice atmosphere, and good service. 

Some of the items on the menu are a little pricey but overall good value. 

The instant cake is a must try!!! :-)笑
It's difficult to compare a meal with ones you've had sometimes in the distant past.  Maybe in the moment it's seems best but if put up against the steak I had eight years ago in Italy it would come second.  But regardless, I can safely say that the wagu steak I ate at Weslodge is in the top five and maybe even number one.  Every millimetre of this steak was a burst of flavour and melt in your mouth tenderness.  

Don't let this restaurant go unnoticed.笑
Not pretentious at all for King West although it looks like it.

Always thought this place was called "Heslodge" but finally tried it out on a Friday post-work. 

We were a group of 5, seated within 5 minutes - without reservations, during Winterlicious! Super friendly and helpful front of house employees. 

Our server, Donovan was informative of the menu and very friendly. I ordered the Tinn's Cup (spin on Pimm's Cup) and me, not being a huge hard liquor drinker, found the drink too strong. So that's probably a good thing for the rest of you :)

Three of us ordered and shared the whole fried chicken entree and it came with 8 pieces and 3 biscuits. I can't begin to explain this...this is probably the best fried chicken I've had in Toronto (besides Popeye's). It was better than Stockyards. Each piece (besides the drumstick) was juicy and boneless, crispy and tender. Yum yum yum!

We also ordered the poutine and that was good as well. If you like a shoe-string and rich, dark brown gravy poutine, order it. 

I'm definitely going to come back here and more than happy to recommend this place for everyone to try.笑
Nice ambience for a date night. Bartenders were engaging as we asked questions about our cocktails. We ordered only snacks-- onion rings and a shaved brussels salad-- but both were excellent. Loved the decor.笑
"Weslodge is for boys!" I declared last night, while sitting at an awkwardly situated table between the service bar and the computer with 3 girlfriends at Wesloge. 

Everything about this place screams MALE HUNTING TRIP, from the antlers and severed heads on the wall, to the leather suspendered (and I think gun holstered) servers, to the incredibly strong bourbon based cocktail list. 

I had the burned orange old fashioned - It put hair on my chest! 

We stayed for one drink and then a table at Patria, its sister restaurant, opened up.
Our server was lovely and attentive despite the hordes of people between him and us.

This place really wasn't for me.   However, it was JAMMED with people and the vibe was good. 

I think I would love Wesloge if I were a man having a boys night out.  Perhaps single ladies might have success here. ;)笑
Food and drinks are pricey but great. Go here for a special occasion or to have a good cocktail. Great atmosphere and decor. The service is good. I like to come here with a group of 4 to enjoy the delicious cocktails and share a few plates.笑
This location is great. Good food and even better atmosphere. 

The portions for the price are a little high but over all, for the location and the taste it all evens out. 

This is the second time we went there and we will go back.笑
I've heard Welodge is a great place for drinks.  Dinner there was pretty good too.  The scotch egg was definitely the winner and the tartar came a close 2nd.  The entres were less impressive.  Despite the overall high quality of the food, I'm not sure its great value for money (the drinks are outrageous).笑
Food was really good and the ambiance was also great. Had 5 different dishes and each one was an adventure in flavors.
Drink menu was interesting but insanely overpriced.
The experience was ruined by the waitress who was friendly up until she saw her tip. I gave a standard 15% and she analyzed the credit card receipt before throwing it at me and storming off. It was so evident that my date asked me if I forgot to tip altogether. Not sure why she felt entitled to more but I have heard similar stories from other people so I don't think it's an isolated situation.
That being said I'd recommend coming here with friends and definitely not with a date!!!笑
Restaurant: Weslodge
Cuisine: American
Location: King West
Address: 480 King St W
Price Range: $20~

Extra information:

* Open late night
* Takes reservations
* Good for large group

I love meat and I love varieties, so what's better than a cutting board that offers different cuts of meat for you to try? Cutting Board from Weslodge satisfies just that!
Starting couple weeks ago, Weslodge started to offer 'Cutting Board' which is $29 per person (2 orders minimum) on Sunday and Monday after 5:30PM.

Cutting Board that is served on a beautiful wood board, consists of Buttermilk fried Crispy hen, dry aged ribeye, Muscovy duck sausage, lamb ribs, sweet pulled pork, cuban slaw, baked mac and cheese and jalepeno biscuits.

The current version of the Cutting Board will be served for couple months into summer- and when fall comes along, the Chef says they will be changing up the menu and offering something different! Surprise Surprise!

Scotch Egg for appetizer- with chorizo, tomato jam and black truffle. Scotch egg was cooked perfectly with crispy exterior and the yolk was runny in the middle. This was a nice way to start off the meal.

Crispy Hen- marinated in bourbon and cayenee pepper cooked sous-vide for couple hours. It was super tender and and buttermilk batter added crispiness to exterior.

Lamb Ribs- rubbed in coffee bourbon mixture and slow roasted overnight. This was probably my favorite out of all, it was fall-off the bone tender and the glaze melted in my mouth

Duck Sausage- interpretation of German wurst sausage, it was moist and reminded me of traditional breakfast sausage.

Dry Aged Ribeye- Dry aged for minimum 38 days and oh man, was it so tender! I could eat a whole plate of it cooked nicely to medium rare.

Pulled Pork- Marinated overnight in soy, white vinegar, bay leaf and sweet lime soda. 

For the sides, cuban slaw was nice and light with white wine vinegar with carrots and apple adding crunchy texture.

Jalapeno Biscuits were nice added carbs to the platter although unnecessary with so much meat. 

Herb Spatzel with wild mushroom and lamb bacon 

Charred Brusels Sprouts with house bacon was a delicious vegetable dish that was served on the side

Instant Cake with chocolate mousse, olive oil pudding and raspberry. I honestly thought I wouldn't have any room left for dessert but I did. I can't say no to chocolate mousse and the light raspberry was a perfect way to end the meal.

Summary: Overall I really enjoyed the Cutting Board from Weslodge. For $29 per person, you get to try different types of meat and sides and I think it's very much worth it. The only downside is that it's only offered on Sunday and Monday night. They take reservation so make sure to secure a spot before you head over!笑
The food was good, a little uninspired and lacked a flair of creativity. The cocktails were a more creative and had elements which made the dining experience more enjoyable. The atmosphere was great and is a highly recommended weekend dinner/drinks.笑
Went as a group. The customer service was great - thanks Arturro! The wine list is very good, the ambience and decor are both wonderful. There are sharing dishes which always makes for a fun evening. The tenderloin was cooked to perfection, the Brussel sprouts were yummy, the snap peas were as well. The sticky toffee pudding is divine! Very cool, I will go back. Oh, almost forgot - the ceviche is great as well!笑
I have been here on several occasions. I find the menu overpriced for the quality of food they give you. There aren't that many choices on the menus. The only item I would suggest is the steak. It is a very nice place to have drinks but not so much for food.笑
No reason not to give weslodge a five star review. Got the hen with grilled green beans on the side, with an old fashioned to boot. Recommend this if you are in the area. Portions to share. This dish is a little heavy on the starch as it comes with two biscuits, but get a veggie side and your golden!笑
Came here on a Sunday and didn't realize that they had a brunch menu. 

Highly recommend the Scotch Egg and lamb bacon eggs benny. Combination of the soft quail egg centre wrapped in chorizo on a bed of soft tomato jam was delicious! 

Also ordered the trout eggs benny and schnitzel but preferred the lamb bacon much more. 

Both atmosphere, unique decor, and service was fantastic. Lots to enjoy here.笑
This place was aight.

I appreciate fine-dinning. Although, I can admit that I really didn't understand the menu or our waiter. I opted for the burger (I very very rarely eat meat) but it was really really good. 

I did a full out meal with a girlfriend at Weslodge. Two bottles of wine, an app, entre, and dessert. I have zero complaints, other than the fact that I didn't understand our waiter so I didn't really ask too many questions about the menu. I noticed others had complaints about the lack of choice on the menu - you have to be aware that when you go to an upscale dinning room the menu is going to be very limited because they specialize.

I would come back here again - I liked the food, and the decor and it had a good vibe. Is it my faveourite? No. Did I think it was outstanding? No. But I would recommend it, and I would absolutely go back again.笑
Came here for Summerlicious dinner a couple of weeks ago. I had the Scotch Egg to start, Braised Beef Cheek as a main, and the Whipped Panna Cotta for dessert. The food was good, but the portions were incredibly small. I don't even eat that much normally, but after these 3 courses I was still hungry. 

The place itself looks pretty cool, and the service was super attentive. They refilled my water 5 times and we were asked on several occasions if our meal was okay. The only thing is that when I paid my bill and gave a 15% tip (which I give for decent service), I received zero acknowledgement from the waiter who took the bill. No eye contact, no thank you, nothing. 

It was enough to give me a bad taste.笑
In keeping with other restaurants from the same group, the space is outstandingly stylish from the bold yellow doors right down to the details of the server's attire.  Go for drinks but skip the food as it is, quite honestly, bad,  Though not as bad as Figo lol (nothing will be as bad as that).  For cocktails, however, it's a great spot whether seated or at the bar (just don't eat anything).笑
Had a great time then.... Ordered a whisky sour!! Refused to make the drink as it took too long at 1:30am. We questioned why he would not make the drink then he freaked out and told us (beautiful young women) to Fuck off, sit down and
Shut up! Was extremely aggressive yet was asking a bartender to make a drink! Overall, throughout the night the bartender George! was Aggressive, Violent, and sexist. Dave the bartender however, was attempting to calm George down however nothing could calm him down at this point as he was emotional and violent. In the end the bartender stepped out of the boundaries, was aggressive, and extremely violent toward us who were just trying to order a simple drink... Whisky sour. Bottom line NEVER order a whisky sour! Not ask for an extravagant drink at Wes Lodge! Yet expect to pay 20$ per cocktail however they may refuse to make it.笑
Ordered from the Summerlicious menu. Unfortunately, it didn't live up to the $35 price. 

There was nothing wrong with the food but the flavours didn't complement each other and the dishes weren't very special. We left disappointed. 

Service was fine and the staff was quick to clear our plates and utensils and replace them with a new set. 

Most likely won't return.笑
Great hip spot in the heart of everything on King St. - try the lamb shoulder - it's amazing.笑
Good but wont come back unless someone else wants to go.

This was a 3 Star experience

5 star - Great decor and vibe
4 Star  - the service was good
3 Star - Food, good but not great!
2 star -Price. $60 for wine that is $30 elsewhere. Only main worth having is the steak and the tartar but both are again over priced. Costing $110 for 28 ounces. Cocktails are $17 and I am not sure why the waiters way holsters

The way I review it is if you are better value for money in all criteria, then you have 5 star. If you are value for money but good  or really good - 4 stars, if you are A-OK then A-OK笑
the big tomahawk  is really really tasty!! good late night ambiance and I like the cottage club decoration.笑
"I will have to save the full review for after I have eaten a dinner here but the lunch I had at Weslodge was fantastic.

Before even entering this saloon style restaurant, your attention is demanded by the double doors that look like a special effect. Radiant yellow and massive in scale, your entrance is an awesome one. Once inside, the set peaks in inspiration. Weslodge is part high class western, part swanky and comfortable millionaires mahogany study (think Meet Joe Black) and just enough Wes Anderson to complete the scene. It's not just all in the details though..."
Excerpt from http://morevanilla.com/post/32835973657/mosey-on-over-to-weslodge笑
My coworker and I came in for appetizers/drinks after work. We got the albacore tuna ceviche with sesame chips- so good. The chips were very different but went well with the tuna. I also got the cucumber gimlet drink- delicious! Perfect balance of citrus and sweet. The bartenders are very helpful with selections based on your taste/preference. The ambiance is great, cozy/hip cabin feeling.笑
Never noticed this place on King Street even tho it has huge yellow doors haha maybe cuz I'm only here at night? 

This place gets pretty packed during lunch and dinner, so it's best to make reservations to avoid waiting. Lots of pretty ladies and suited men here, dress to impress!

Love the decor except for the stuffed deers in the dining room, I think I had the worst spot in the room because on each side of where my friend was sitting I can see 2 set of deer eyes staring back at me at all times LOL. The bathroom upstairs are a bit of a hike tho especially if you have been drinking hah

The food is great! I know I've said this before but this place is my official title holder for the best seared scallops, they were perfect, I loved the crusted tops for that extra crunch in your bite. Friend loved the only fish dish they had on the menu. Our desserts were amazing too! He got a golden chocolate bar with real gold flakes on top! I had the fig dessert but exchanged the lycée sorbet that comes with it for a milk/vanilla one instead. Im not being daring again with sorbets after having a cucumber one( yuck) at Turf and they aren't stingy with the alcohol when they make their mixed drinks, yay! 

Place is great! Everyone should check it out! I wish I remembered our servers name, he was great and knowledgable :)笑
Went here with my family last week. Food was delicious. Service was fast and reliable. The only thing that we all agreed on was the noise and music volume was a bit too loud. Maybe not the best spot for my older relatives. But they really take the tavern but elegant route and it works. Alcohol selection is great and menu is extensive. Really neat spot. I'd go again.笑
FYI - my portion of the final bill was $96 which included tax & 20% (well-deserved) tip. This was for: cocktail, beer, squash salad, scotch egg, brussel sprouts, cobia.

We booked our reservation one month in advance and could still only get a table at 9:30, which was the earliest time available.  I guess there's still a lot of hype surrounding the spot and I expect that finding a seat will be easier in the new year. The same thing happened to Buca after Jamie Oliver's recommendation.

Anyway, the phone etiquette when booking the initial reservation was rather "snooty" and off-putting. However, given the number of changes we incurred as our date neared, the reservations manager was pleasant and accommodating and I commend her patience in dealing with our numerous changes and updates.

When we entered the restaurant, the door man didn't greet us with a "hello" or a "welcome" but a quick, "Do you have a reservation tonight?" When we said, "yes" he opened the door.  Our table wasn't ready until about 15 minutes after our scheduled time. As we waited for a table, the seven of us convened in an awkward spot near the front door.  Once our table was set, we were guided by a pleasant and smiling hostess who set a wonderful tone for the rest of our night.

We started with drinks. The cocktail menu is small and quite pricey (-$15 to +$18) and I don't suggest it for women (usually) who are expecting a "frou-frou" so-called martini. This is where alcohol meets attitude and you can expect the kind of drink Victor Newman might pour. Being a fan of something strong and spicy with a healthy amount of bitters, I chose the Chai Vieux Carre ($17).  The nice thing about this drink was that its taste was exactly what I expected. I wasn't blown-away but I liked that it had bold flavour and wasn't watered-down by juice or another mix. I would say that the cocktails are for a more sophisticated and discretionary palate. If you're a vodka-soda kinda person, this list isn't for you. Although the alcohol content may have warranted the $17 cost, I expected just a little bit more in terms of innovative flavour.  Another thing I really liked about the drinks at Weslodge is that they come in a glass. Not some gimmicky stemware. Like I said... Victor Newman.   I finished my meal with a bottle of Grolsch, which was a fair, standard $7 considering it was the larger-sized bottle.

My group ordered a variety of appetizers and entrees: Rib eye, Cobia, Cornish hen, scallops, salads, ceviche, scotch egg, etc. All of the food was good. The portions were relatively small and sides had to be ordered separately.  The food was tasty and everyone had positive comments about that they ordered, but nothing was outstanding. The brussel sprouts I ordered as a side were a decent potion, reasonably-priced but tasted no better than my mom's (though, she's a very good cook). Same for the Cobia I ordered: Good, but no better than home. 
Since it was already late in the evening, we were pretty satisfied after our meal and didn't have any dessert.

One can't go to Weslodge without mentioning the atmosphere and decor, which is outstanding. The servers' uniforms (t-shirts and leather holsters) are a little kitsch but they only add to the charm, without being tacky or too "themey".  The decor definitely does give it a definite saloon or hunting lodge feel (though I've never been to either one!) Even though it's very dark inside, it's open and airy.  The music playing during our meal was perfect and suitable: 70s rock, some Motown and a little groove intermingled. I definitely found myself moving as I read the menu. My friends also commented about the great music selection. 

Adding to the ambience, was the service. Our server was friendly and attentive. Our water glasses were always full. Any serviettes that were dropped were gathered, neatly folded and placed back at our seats. The sommelier was also friendly and knowledgeable.  It was obvious that the serving staff worked well, together as a team.

The crowd could be described as "pretentious" but I find that's a common criticism for anywhere that's patronized by the downtown-after-work-suit crowd. (Though, I did notice a small group of late 30-something men being turned away at the door... likely because they lacked the trendy attire, as there was definitely room at the bar -- but that's a management issue, not guest issue) Anyway, my observation was that it was just the after-work business crowd unwinding on a Thursday night. The bar area was lively, of mixed ages with more men than women, but not a huge difference.  

I'm going to end my review here, mostly because I'm tire of typing.  I realise that I only gave Weslodge 3 stars though it should be more like a 3.5  if I could, I'd rate the food a 3, and the ambiance/service a 4 out of 5.  In general, I'm looking forward to returning. My recommendation is to book an earlier reservation (like 7 or 8) and move to the bar for a couple of post-meal drinks.笑
Lots to say about this one...

Made a reservation online a few days ago for 9:30 pm Friday night.  (They don't take online resos for "prime time")  Just for two of us.

We showed up at 9:22 pm.  (actually)  I said, "Hi, we have a reservation at 9:30."  The hostess, not even looking up, said, "OK go sit at the bar we'll get you when your table is ready."  Now I really need to preface this by saying I'm a hostess at a fine dining establishment.  For a living.  As in, my job is to make people feel like they're not stupid if they show up 15 minutes early, 15 minutes late, are 10 people instead of 2, etc.  My goal is to make the customers feel WELCOME because I AM THE WELCOMING COMMITTEE.  So I really don't tolerate poor "hostessing".  I said, "OK,do you know how long it will be?" and she said, "Well, you're ten minutes early, so at least that."

Ooooooooook.  Good start.

Of course, there was no room at this "waiting bar".  So we stood around being ignored until the hostess came back about 15 minutes later (only 5 minutes past our reservation - couldn't she just had been nice?) and walked to a table, only to huff and puff at us.  "Is that for us?" I asked, confused, since she hadn't said to us, "right this way" or "your table is ready" or ANY WORDS AT ALL.  She still didn't say yes, she just stared at us.  So we were 8 minutes early and we're treated like criminals?  We both work in the restaurant business and could not understand this woman's problem.  
The rest of the service was quite nice, all the servers were great.  Too bad the hostess ruined it for everyone!

As for the food, the three apps we shared were fantastic (bison tartar, scotch egg and scallop) and the dessert (cheese plate) was also great.  The mains sucked though - my burger was boring and the halibut was overcooked.

The washrooms are really nice and cool - but the "paper towels" shed all over your hands, so you get little pieces of white paper all over your hands.  

Dinner for two came to over $200 (with two drinks and then a bottle of wine, shared) which is reasonable but not worth it.  Oh and ps the clinentele was mostly pretentious grown-ups in their mid to late 30s who wish they were in their mid to late 20s.笑
Excellent VIBE, great atmosphere and eclectic food fare!笑
I like the look of this place the moment I walked in and the rest of the night helped confirm the general opinion. Weslodge is going for the cool modern day saloon feel, with dark leather seats, rustic lighting and taxidermy birds decorating the walls. It rides the fine line between cool and over-the-top, with the waiters actually wearing leather holsters but balanced by their demeanor and hipster aesthetic.

The food supports the same feel, rustic meal ideas with fancy modern flair. Like a scotch egg but made from a tiny quail egg and truffle onion jam. Or a large thick cut 30oz pork chop but cooked to the perfect moistness with black garlic. I'm not sure I will be back for food, since I tried everything that caught my eye and it was quite pricey. However, their lengthy drinks selection may attract me back to drab a drink in the future.笑
The decor in this place is awesome (PETA look away), if you keep an open mind & ignore the fact that you might run into a typical king west crowd of wannabe ballers this place serves up excellent cocktails & an amazing food program. I took advantage
of there're ridiculously cheep New Years pre-set meal & it probably was one of my favorite dining experiences. Ryan our server was excellent. I guess the only knock on the place is the cocktails can be a bit pricey,,not that there not worth it, but for everyday drinking it can easily add up.笑
Food made by disgusting people!笑
Restaurant is nice and trendy, a bit loud, but it was a Friday evening. 
Food is not bad, but underwhelming considering the prices they charge. Also when did it become the norm to charge $15+ for cocktails? If you must order anything, let it be the Scotch Eggs and/or Beef Tartare & Foie Gras Mousse. The mains were good but nothing really stood out.笑
Lovely scotch eggs!! Served crispy and warm. 

Bacon was lovely, cooked to the right texture of chewiness and right amount of saltiness. Lamb sausage 

Had brunch there on a Sunday afternoon, surprisingly quiet and only a few tables. 
Portion size are delicate, but filling enough. 
Definitely quality over quantity.笑
The best service ever, although we didn't get a chance to try the tasty described desserts. 
The server unknowingly took our order, only to have the manager  come a few min with a plate of pastries for us to pick from as the dessert dishes were not ready. 
We said thank you & he left us to think about it. We decided to leave, we walked about a block only to have the manager "Daniel" call out for us, he kept on apologizing and asking if we could come back later that day. As we were leaving Toronto that day we thanked him & he was so apologetic about the miscommunication.
I would defiantly go back to Weslodge when in Toronto for the amazing service.笑
new trendy spot for YOUNG 20 somethings... do a good job at pretending to be a resto but its just another King street pre club - douche bag hang out... went on a thurs with some colleagues, VERY YOUNG and incredibly loud patrons... staff was trying hard but the venue doesnt allow for an adult meal... food was some of the most bleah stuff ive had in a while... im okay with newer takes on food and trying riskier versions of stuff but the 4 items we tried pretty much were left untouched after just the first bite... ended up at the Fions across the street for a burger and a pint....笑
I had very low expectations for Weslodge. I figured that it would be all sizzle and no substance -- especially on a Saturday night during TIFF. I was having nightmarish mental flashes of being ignored for two hours while attention was lavished on stars and wannabes around me. However, Weslodge not only exceeded these low expectations, but the overall experience was very good irrespective of those.

To be sure, things were a little shaky to start. When we arrived, we were informed there was a 2-hour table limit in place due to the crowds (I'm not one to linger and 2 hours is usually plenty of time for me, but it's still a jarring greeting nonetheless), and it took a good 15 minutes to order/get our first round of drinks. 

Sailing was much smoother from there, though. The drinks were pretty good and fairly priced for the quality -- my old-fashioned was a little heavy on the orange, but tasty, and my girlfriend's "streetcar" (Weslodge's take on a sidecar) was refreshingly citrusy. Don't know why everyone keeps throwing out $18 as the price point for a cocktail, as ours were $14-16.

Wine list offers surprisingly decent breadth. You won't be able to find something under $60 (this is King West, after all), but there's lots of choice under $80. The sommelier was very friendly and gracious.

Food was very good, though portions are a little small. The salmon tartare and hamachi crudo ceviche were both pretty standard starters but well-executed. For a main, I had the Australian wagyu bavette in chimichurri, which was cooked sous-vide and then seared - incredibly tender and flavourful. I also had a couple bites of my girlfriend's papardelle, which was perfectly al dente. The charred brussel sprouts with bacon are as advertised. I needed to eat a vegetable.

Desserts were good (stick to the chocolate ones). What really pushed Weslodge into solid 4-star territory was the fact our waiter comped both ones we ordered and apologized for the behaviour of the table next to us -- a group of drunk, loud, obnoxious 50-year old couples (I was almost headbutted twice by one of the men, who kept leaning back). To be honest, I'd experienced much worse in this city, and figured that was par for the course at Weslodge. Clearly they're aspiring for something better here.笑
I went to Weslodge with somewhat high expectations. Some of them were met, some of them weren't. The biggest setback would be that the pricing is too high for the quality you get. 

We were 5 friends who booked a table Friday night for 9pm. The place was still quite packed and the ambiance was good.The dark woods, old frames and hunting trophies are making the dining room original.  Music is somewhat loud but it was still manageable to hold a conversation.

Service has been adequately attentive, the waiter knew his menu well and made great suggestions has to food and drinks. He was present when needed and pleasant. 

As a saloon, they do have a very extensive Cocktail selection and a rather complete Wine list. Kudos for a comprehensive description of flavor and smell of each drink to make a good choice.

I tried the Streetcar and a Tim's cup. Both has surprisingly the same color, very similar taste and came in the same lackluster small old fashioned glasses. At $18 and $15 each, I was expecting somewhat more. I then ordered a glass of a Pinot Noir, great flavor but again somewhat expensive at $15 for 5oz of wine. 

As for the food, there was great discoveries and some other let downs, For the great, we loved the Deep Fried Chicken. Tender meat, 6 big pieces and a batter that was salty yet interestingly sweet as well (4.5/5). 

We ordered the 12oz New York Strip loin (4/5). A nice acidity, nicely cooked and juicy. 

Other good fare presented to us was the Beef Tartare (4/5). Nicely chopped, a great mix of spices and served with crispy bread. 

We weren't too pleased with the following dishes ; the Mac'and Cheese (2.5/5). General consensus was the artificial taste of the cheese, making it taste like a cafeteria dish. And why using Farfalle Pasta?! At $14 the portion was also on the cheap side. Even if it's supposed to be a side dish, there's no need to be cheap with pasta when charging more than $10. 

Other not so good surprise were the fries (2.5). They were so thick we wondered if they were cut with an ax. They were also barely crispy, the interior was still soft.  Honorary mention to the house made ketchup that was good. 

Overall, it can be a good experience for drinks and light fares if you want to enjoy a hipster-ish ambiance downtown. The pricing is a concern to me, not that I mind paying good money for a culinary experience, but I felt what I had to pay was overrated as to the quality of the food/drinks I've received.笑
We had an early dinner here before the Maple Leafs game. We were the only table in the restaurant which could have been uncomfortable but the waitress made us fell right at home and very relaxed. The food was outstanding, but the space and service really made the experience unforgettable.笑
Went for an early dinner on a Friday before the rush. Our server was attentive, and the cocktail he suggested was exactly what I was looking for. 

Dinner was absolutely delicious, with good portion sizes. The spaetzle was amazing! But all these dishes do add up so be prepared to pay because it is rather expensive.笑
The food is mediocore at best. The place is happening. C'est tout.笑
I came here last weekend for dinner.  The staff were super accommodating, we had a couple of last minute cancellations, so it changed our reservation, and they were able to accommodate us easily.  Word to the wise - its way easier for them to take away chairs than add to your table.
As I was reading reviews many of them commented mostly on the vibe, and I was able to find little in the way of food.

For 3 ladies, we ordered a full fried chicken (share plate).  It was delicious.  I definitely recommend this.  We ordered the fritters (which were ok) and the chopped salad (delicious), we had some sides, including brussel sprouts, and fries.  The food was really good.

We did have a late seating on a Saturday night, and the restaurant definitely got a lot louder and more packed; which apparently is a thing there.  

They are known for drinks.
We had a great time.  The service was good, the food was good, and we got to catch up with some great friends.  I would totally come back.笑
Weslodge... I've visited you quite a few times, and this time you have left me nothing shy of disappointed.. this was my second foray for eats, and I was craving a really good burger cooked just the way you like it (they do have medium rare perfectedl), so Weslodge was an obvious choice to satiate this hankering.. 

Stopped in for lunch just after peak time. There were plenty of seats available, and the resto wasn't exceedingly busy by any means. The hostess seated us, and we sat and waited.. and sat some more... tried to make eye contact with the waiters who were serving the table behind us and to the side of us... and waited some more.. Almost 15 minutes before I had to request for the waiter who was again serving the table next to us, for him to take our orders. It was like no one had noticed that we hadn't even been served water..

So the waiter took our order, and about 10 minutes later another server came over and asked us if we'd been helped yet (!!!). Really?! Haven't you noticed us sitting here for the past 25 minutes?! Sort of.. amazing... especially given you're really not so busy and it's after peak lunch rush... 

So, when our food arrived, I have a few points to mention: the serving of fries was TINY!!! I mean, come on... potatoes are the cheapest side on the planet, so I find it kind of ridiculous when you are served a tiny handful of fries. It's a burger and fries, and I'm not looking for a massive portion by any means, but more than about 8 fries would be really nice... The burger, as usual, was really tasty and cooked just above medium rare, but was still really good, so no complaints on that note. The dill pickle was also delish, and a decent size. I'd asked for ketchup when we were served, and the waiter said there was some on the plate (I didn't see it on the other side of the burger). Well... this definitely wasn't ketchup! I'm not sure what exactly it was (tasted more like a sweet chutney; just a very odd combination with a burger, fries and a dill pickle). I've heard time and time again from others that Weslodge is just trying too hard when it comes to being different and experimental, and on this note I would have to agree. I don't understand the pairing of the "ketchup" (aka sweet and tangy chutney) with a truly delicous burger and the very small - sorry, had to reiterate that once again - portion of salty fries). I've been a fan of Weslodge until this point, as they do make a mean cocktail and burger, but this just left a bad taste in my mouth in terms of their very shoddy service, a puny serving of fries, and a very odd-pairing. Sad to say I don't think I'll be back for this burger again, anytime soon..笑
The location is great, the atmosphere is good, and I absolutely love the interiors! I've been on two occasions - both for brunch, which was delicious, and dinner, which was just okay. 
For brunch, I ordered the eggs benny, and for dinner, my friend and I ordered a bunch of food to just share. This included the scotch egg - which was great, a burger, which was good (the sauce was very flavourful and the meat was well done), and osyters and Brussels sprouts, which were just okay.
The service on both occasions have not been anything to brag about, as the waiter I had the last time I went, which was on a Saturday night, wasn't the nicest. For someone that works in the service industry, he wasn't very friendly and never once checked in on us at any point during the meal.
Overall, a good place if you're looking for a last minute brunch idea, but the atmosphere, crowd, and overall decor makes up for the lack of good service.笑
Four of us were there for dinner on Saturday and this was our (my wife and I) first. We loved the environment and the decor; the large bright Lamborghini look a like doors on King West are striking and unmistakable; the dark and rich saloon/lodge decor is modern and unique with wood, leather and beautiful cabinets; the atmosphere was great, trendy and very busy and yes, this is a Saloon therefore it can be quite loud but we had no problem communicating around the table.  

The service was excellent and attentive, with at least two waiters coming by regularly. The modern American menu is unique and food was out of this world and all four of us loved what we ate. 

For apps, we ordered two Beef Tartar and Roasted Bone Marrow to start. Let me just say that the Beef Tartar is the best I've had in town. Onions and capers wasn't too over powering and the seasonings was just right. The Roasted Bone Marrow was to die for!  I would say that it is on par with Black Hoof. The marrow goes extremely well with the bread that was provided. 

For mains we ordered Southern Fried Chicken and 28 Days Aged Canadian Bone in Tomahawk 32 oz. As for the sides we went with Mac & Cheese, House Fries and Grilled Snap Peas. The Souther Fried Chicken really impressed me how moist and juicy it really is, and you get the hint of Cajun. The tomahawk was out of this world!  Normally I don't praise grilled meats because in my opinion I cook the best steaks. But I have to give props to this Saloon because I cannot replicate this dish. Mac & Cheese was delish!  House fries was just so-so. Grilled Snap Peas was excellent. 

Pro tip:  If you have the $$$, order the Aged Tomahawk if they have it. If not just order the regular ones. You won't regret it. Works well on dates!笑
(NOTE: #stars selected do not reflect review: no negative option available here) BRUNCH - WARNING/CAUTION: Severely overpriced. Do NOT order the french toast or the eggs benny. French toast is ONE slice of bread. Ya heard me - ONE slice of bread for $12! To say we were insulted is an understatement. Fortunately our server was kind enough to comp the coffees two out of three of us had ordered. Eggs benny was just a small serving of only the eggs benny and nothing else. Simply outrageous. I also ordered a mimosa for $11 which was tiny. In total with tax and tip, $30 for 4oz of oj with a splash of sparkling wine and one slice of bread. (bill split equally 3 ways). Did I already say 'outrageous' and 'insulting'?笑
Went to Weslodge with a group of eight friends, first time trying. I was admittedly a little hesitant from reading some of the reviews here but can honestly say it was a great experience. From the moment we walked in, we were greeted by friendly hosts and wait staff who were attentive in spite of how busy the place was. The menu is a little different in the respect that many mains are ordered as group items, though they do have a good selection of single-plate mains. We ordered appetizers to share, mussels on toast for me, and they were delicious. Each of us went for a our own main, for me the veal schnitzel, which was plentiful and topped with a fresh arugula salad. Others had one of their varieties of burgers, or the pasta dish. There were no complaints at all about the mains, which were fresh and tasty. 

A couple of us stepped to the washrooms after our mains, and when we returned we found plates of desserts being served, which we didn't remember ordered. One of our friends told us that the manager came to our table to let us know that felt our mains didn't come as quickly as he thought they should, so they would give us all desserts on the house. This was a real surprise as we thought that there really was no problem with the timing of our dishes, but the gesture made our nights. The desserts were excellent ranging from stick toffee pudding to small cream tarts and other great items.

As we were leaving, the host followed us outside to ask us how we found everything. Needless to say everything was terrific. 

There are a few comments that the place is noisy, and all I can say is you don't go to a restaurant like this to have quiet conversation; it's a social, happening place that has a lot of great energy in the room.

Thanks Welodge for a great night, we'll be back.笑
The Scotch egg is delightful, even if you dislike eggs. be smart and stop in after the theatre, dinner with your friends, a flick.....because the late light menu rocks! The scotch eggs is only $5 after 11pm

the Staff is amazing and very Diplomatic. Katherine at the front desk follows up on requests and even Jay at the front door is attentive! 

I am so pleased that I can stubble a few hundred metres home at last call. the wait staff....we'll....Exceptional!

if you are looking for a great venue on King St. west, thus far this is the best I have Experienced. 

koodo's to all for a fabulous Winterlicious and game of early Valentines love....!笑
Food was delicious. Many different items to choose from, everything is a-la-carte style. If you want a side, it costs extra. 

Great atmosphere in a very trendy area of the city. 

Expensive, dress casual attire.笑
Spent New Year's Eve here and had an amazing time! They had a prix fixe menu and everything was absolutely delicious. Wagyu beef entree was incredible! Also the lobster deviled eggs starter and charred endive salad- delicious. The staff was so much fun and also abnormally good looking. They passed out New Years hats and dropped balloons at midnight. Highly recommend this spot!笑
Date night with hubby!  Love love love the atmosphere and the decor.  Call me weird but I find taxidermy intriguing.

Let's talk about the food. 

Great wine selection.  Staff were extremely friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.

Started off with oysters and scotch eggs. Oysters were plump and it paired well with the pickle juice and horseradish it came with. Scotch egg was the high light of the dinner. Try it for yourself!

We had prime rib eye and rainbow trout as our main.  The rib eye was delicious and perfectly cooked. The rainbow trout was also perfectly cooked and flavourful.

For dessert we had to try the banoffee pie and chocolate mousse. So many complex flavour in such a simple dessert and the presentation is impressive. They were to die for. 

Highly recommend this place. Though a bit pricey it's worth it.笑
I have never in my life had a more pretentious jerk for a server. We ordered a round of old fashioneds and -inquired- as to whether or not they came with a boozy cherry (as I love them) the server rolled his eyes, said that's not how a proper old fashioned is made, and walked away. Frankly the drink was flat. Nice ice cube though. It took forever to get our bill and I will never, ever, go back.笑
A great albit eclectic decor with animal heads, dark wood and large prints.  I love the giant yellow door and marque lighting of the name.  It has a very New York feel to it and is very spacious inside.  All the space keeps it easy to talk even when it is very full.

I had the cevechi and really enjoyed it but the highlight was the stuffed sea bass.  It was phenomenal.  Probably my favourite fish dish in the city and this says something given how much I love seafood.  They make a fantastic Old Fashioned and the service was attentive and warm.笑
Great ambiance, service, and food. Their stuffed seabass was heavenly and scotch eggs albeit their tiny size (think quail's eggs) were delicious. Old fashioned is served properly and well made. Price is reasonable for its location and overall value. I would have more highly recommended this place if it weren't for its controversial sexual harassment complaints that came out recently which was very disappointing.笑
For this round of our ladies group dinner, we decided to check out Weslodge.  It had been on my bookmarks for awhile now and a few of the ladies were attracted to the Winterlicious menu.

We made reservations ahead and were assigned a 7:30pm dining time.  We did request an earlier dining time but was told that there was nothing available.  When I arrived around 7:15pm, the dining room was extremely empty.  There were a maybe 5-6 tables of other diners.  Maybe the earlier seating diners had already left?  

I glanced over the Winterlicious menu, decided to go with the Cutting Board special (available Sun/Mon nights) instead and convinced 2 friends to join in.  For $32/person (minimum of 2 people), we were treated to a platter filled with meat goodies including braised short rib, sausage, steak, fried chicken, meatloaf with sides like biscuits, tangy crunchy 'slaw and corn bread.  

We split the platter amongst 3 people and at the recommendation of our server, ordered a few veggie sides just to balance out the meat:  grilled snap peas ($6), brussel sprouts salad ($13) and fries ($6). 

The meat feast and the additional sides were a perfect amount of food for us while our other two friends ordered from the Winterlicious menu ($35). Starters were the scotch egg and the salmon.  The both ordered the short rib main with lemon cheesecake and chocolate brownie dessert.

The portions with the Winterlicious menu were quite small and it left them staring longingly at our Cutting Board, sampling a bit from our meats and then ordering an additional side of fries.

Drinks - a majority of us ordered wine.  I decided to go with beer and was shocked to learn they only had 3 on tap - Guinness, Creemore and Steamwhistle ($9/pint).  

Our server was great.  Really on point with his recommendation to split the Cutting Board and order additional sides and he ensured that our friend with a food allergy got what she needed.  He graciously split our bills at the end without any hesitation or attitude.  

Left Weslodge in a meaty stupor and feeling fine.  Perfect comfort food meal for a cold winter February night.笑
Decent spot to grab a drink - their barrel aged negroni is my poison of choice. If you didn't get it from the name, the space has a very western-themed vibe. It's been a while since I've had a meal here, usually opting for drinks instead, so I'll refrain from saying anything about the food. Saturday nights here are madness, usually packed to the brim with the King West crowd. If that's your scene then you'll love it here.笑
I've been at least 10 times, it's in a prominent area and the energy is always good. Ive never had an issue with service and that's pretty rare in Toronto - the servers are great and there is always someone around to help you out, even when it's insanely busy.

The food is good and definitely curated, it's a nice spot if you're looking for something different as the restaurant has a saloon/wild west theme which is a nice change of pace from all the italian/asian restaurants in the downtown core. It's a very "meat-heavy" place, so if you're someone that isn't much of a carnivore, I may pass. There are options, but there aren't many... also they do have a Fish of the day, but if you arrive later on in the night, you run the risk of them running out - so be aware.

I would suggest the meat locker, if you're with a group of people, spatzle, fresh oysters, baby romaine salad and the kale salad (the duck adds such great flavour!), the fried chicken and ricotta dumplings :)笑
Service was good, attentive. Seated at one of the worst tables between the bar and service table so everytime the servers congregated, you were basically in the middle of their conversations.

Food:
Aubergine - delicious! 
Salmon tartar - pretty good too
Hen & Biscuits - awful, super dry, barely any gravy, I could make much better chicken at home. The biscuits were pretty terrible too
Burger - Good, not amazing, fries were terrible and not fully cooked

Not worth the price, won't be going back笑
More like a 3.5 star performer.  We came for Sunday brunch, and everything was what we had expected, so that's a good thing.  My wife really enjoyed her cocktail though.  It was simple and that's what we were looking for.  I think a bit on the salty side on a couple of things, but if in the area again, I wouldn't reject coming back.  I just like trying new places/things.笑
Great place for good food on king street and nice atmosphere. I had the scotch egg for my app it was delicious and the Cornish hen was also good.笑
Just went here on the weekend for dinner drinks - been there before, but only for drinks
the decor is amazing, good vibe - packed house
walked in and got a table in 10-15 min
the cocktails are like 3 ounces! - had the old fashioned, and wise guy - both were delicious!
i had the scotch egg - tried it or the first time; quail egg - but was very flavourful
my main was fried chicken - huge portions, but great tasting batter used - plus the bread was super soft and hit the spot - not sure if it was corn bread or not
the doorman guy was on cue - had the door opened as if he could sense the timing!

overall no complains!笑
This place is expensive and pretentious. I don't know if it was the sight of seeing old suits with young gold diggers or thirsty cougars. Anyway, this place is not for me, I'll just save a bajillion dollars and make my old fashions at home... mine are better anyway ;)

I paid in cash and the waiter never came back with my change... guess he assumed I'm a generous tipper!笑
The bartenders have a tough exterior and are busy as hell but be polite and come back and they'll treat you like gold.笑
I went here for summerlicious. the service was very good. the food was fresh and well made. 

it's a fun place. I'd definitely go back.笑
I live in the area and decided to go for brunch yesterday. The waiter I had was great! He was nice and friendly. 

Unfortunately, the place is totally unorganized and it wasn't even close to busy. This being my second time there; I did NOT enjoy the food again. No flavour and hollandaise it totally powder. 

It is not really that pricey but I feel like a lot of people here except more for what you're paying and I agree.

If you like this type of food you are better off at Uniun on Ossington, The Saint Tavern or my fave brunch at La Societe. 

Unfortunately, my sister had a terrible experience with the staff the last time she was there on a separate occasion. 

LOVE all of these restaurants including Patria and La Societe. At this point, I've been to Weslodge numerous times and the food is mediocre but the drinks are fantastic and you have to admire the theme of the restaurant that is well thought out and played!

xox笑
Had our rehearsal dinner here on a Thursday, in the upstairs private dining area. There is a prix fixe menu requirement for parties of 8 or more.

Food, drinks and service were all spot on. For a large group, the food was timely and came out piping hot! Very impressive. The cornish hen was so tender and branzino (seabass) perfectly crisp. Although it was a set menu, they easily accommodated a vegetarian and a gluten-free request. Note it does get a bit loud for conversation as the night crowd trickles in since the room is open to the downstairs bar area. Many thanks to all the staff, to Adrian for being so accommodating and to George for those great cocktails.笑
This place is normally pretty busy and full of happy drinkers lol. That's partly because the bartenders are not just making drinks they've got it down to a science. Very impressed with there drink crafting abilities if that's even a thing lol.  I would recommend an old fashion if u like brandy I never knew I did until this drink. It's very well made and trust me I've been to many fancy samanshy places in Toronto who have failed miserably making that same drink. Oh and food is actually very tasty as well good variation of dishes.  

Enjoy :)笑
Love the interior design! The best dish I had was a scallop appetizer, it was perfectly seared on the outside and tender within, but a little bit pricey for just one single scallop on the plate. The dessert was memorable as well, white chocolate mousse with coconut ice cream. It was beatifully plated and the coconut ice cream was the best I've ever had!
Will definitely come back to try their brunch menu.笑
Booked the Weslodge last minute and as it was close to our hotel and thought it would do. What a surprise. This is one classy cool place and the Food was Fantastic and Service Excellent. From when we went through the giant yellow doors we were treated so well 100% for service guys. It's a busy noisy bar but you won't be bored. There is lots going on. It's very classy I love the decor it's spotless and plenty of ventilation. Definitely will be back. The food is yummmmmmy had beautiful starters and our steaks were the best. Keep up the good work.笑
Came here for late night drinks and some food to nibble on.  Luckily because of the long weekend and people being away we didn't have to wait in a line and secured a table for 6 right away.

I ordered the Southern Sweet Tea and it's perfect for me - sweet but not sickening sweet.  I downed that sucker like I was sweating on a hot day wearing a fur vest.

I also ate most of my friend's mac and cheese.  Yum!~  It's not overly gooey and cheesy (I don't like it too gooey) and it had some bread crumble on it for that crunch.  Sorry my friend but I ate most of it!

The music was pumping, the place looks like a large speakeasy with it's dark floors, furniture and art (antlers on the walls, etc).

If only they had a dance floor in here because all night they were playing my jams.

Dress to impress (we didn't  but oh well).  It's definitely a place to be seen but not heard...lol笑
hellllllllooooo classy gorgeous everything. i'd like to thank Charles Khabouth and Hanif Harji for their amazing contribution to an already amazing street in downtown Toronto. i love venturing out to king street - yes the crowd isn't for everyone and that's the best part. i don't want to go to places where there will be a bunch of teenagers getting wasted and ruining my night. i don't want to eat subpar food and sit in broken chairs because it's the "hip" thing to do. i want to go somewhere fabulous and put my hard earned money to good use. i want to go somewhere memorable and aesthetically pleasing, somewhere that seduces all my senses and keeps me wanting more. so when weslodge opened i was excited. did it live up to my expectations? hell yeah it did. Firstly, i love the decor - it's warm and country but not kitschy in the way that some country interiors may be. Secondly,I love restaurants that provide an all encompassing atmosphere that can transform a boring night into a memorable one. Weslodge is one of those restaurants. 

Moving past the eye candy, the food and drinks here were incredible. i tried the rib eye with bone marrow and was impressed with the quality of the food. nothing was over-done or lacking in flavor. it was my first go at bone marrow as well which made the experience special. a friend who proclaimed to be an "expert" in bone marrow (ha-ha) tried my dish and stated that it was one of the best he had tasted. success! the dish was perfectly balanced in every way. perhaps the downside was that i wanted more! it was rather pricey but well worth it. to drink i splurged on a manhattan that was infused with a tobacco tincture (made inhouse) and basil. i savored every last sip. apparently you can get a unique kind of bottle service here- their inhouse cocktails aged in oak casks. downside? $175 for the bottle. 

service was friendly and efficient. washrooms were clean and organized. company was fabulous - no drunken frat boys spotted. why am i not giving the place 5 stars? well, i wish there was more to choose from. the menu was rather small. despite this, I will be back but this time during a different season笑
Overdone.  Ordered two drinks from their cocktail menu and the bar keep seemed competent enough, until he spilled both of the drinks.  No problem for me, but they seem to be going for a more sophisticated vibe.  Perhaps, we were not sophisticates.  Very artificial vibe that comes across as attempting to be not as ersatz.  It seemed like a place for people who wanted to be thought of as cool but are not per se. Maybe that's what we were doing there, but how can you tell nowadays?笑
Went here for the Meat board and was not that memorable to tell the truth.

The board featured:
Deep fried chicken-crispy and not oily
Biscuit-which was delicious
Truffle Mac+Cheese-Delicious but not any different from every other truffle mac+cheese you can get from other restaurants
Ribs-very little meat
Duck Wings-Sticky and sweet

Decor of this restaurant can be described as quintessentially lumberjack chic.

Would go back if I am in the neighbourhood and wanted a cool place to grab a drink.  However, if you are actually looking for meat boards, I would suggest carbon bar or big crow instead.笑
I had the group brunch menu on a weekend; it came with 3 courses.

The first course was bacon with maple syrup drizzle; maybe because they were very busy, but we didn't realize that one of the plates didn't have the syrup on it! ( so it was a bit disappointing)

For the main, I had the fried chicken with waffles, and it was quite good, the fried chicken had the crispy skin while the meat was still moist.

I would say the food is good, but not sure if it's worth the value of the group menu price (portions were on the smaller side). On the other hand, the service staff was nice and cordial, and the atmosphere is definitely very warm and welcoming! Maybe I will try their regular menu next time.笑
Weslodge is a meat lover's paradise.  I guess the hunter's lodge decor gives it away.  I had the smoked turkey sandwich for lunch. It was excellent as was the service.笑
A very memorable lunch with some very friendly staff. Mum loved her salad. Thanks again for the hospitality!笑
Great decor. I like the atmosphere, but its a bit fancy for my taste. 

Prices are also on the expensive side, but you get very tasty stuff. Go with a group of people so you can share and sample all the dishes. Their scotch egg is a must try.笑
Very nice ambient but nothing more. 
Noise level is quite high, food is ok, drinks so so (my White Russian was very white, very watery and it saw the kalua with a binocular). 

Overall overpriced for the portion you get and the food you taste. 

The service was pretty good (not sure if I got lucky or what since it seems from the reviews that quite a few haven't been v lucky).笑
Interesting decor, and food options. I've been twice, first time for dinner with a group of ladies.. A lot of 'heavy' options but all yummy. Today we went for brunch, and the food was exceptional but they were SO understaffed, ran out of menus (and it wasn't even a full house), didn't have creamer containers, slow to refill the coffee and even get our initial coffees.. Out of steak and eggs but didn't have a menu to bring back to us. Waitress was apologetic and explained a few times things were hectic. the kitchen/ food is the only reason that I would give this place another chance, way too understaffed for a brunch on a Sunday.笑
My boyfriend and I went to Weslodge during the summerlicious event as we had never been and thought it was a good way to try something new and for a great price ($35).

We had a reservation and were a bit early but our table was ready for us so we sat immediately. Upon looking at the summerlicious menu and the regular menu both looked so good so we stuck to the regular menu and ordered a bunch of stuff. our server was phenomenal and on top of his game. We had him surprising us with drinks and they were all delicious and there was never an empty glass or dirty dish on the table. 

great experience over all and amazing food there. AND  to top it all off we were sitting next to Patrick J Adams (Mike Ross from suits) and got to talk to him and take pictures.笑
Weslodge has OK food, but the menu seemed tired and the ambiance was poor and slightly uncomfortable. I can't really say there was one outstanding dish, just a lot of average items. The wine list was actually good for a restaurant that doesn't seem to specialize in wine service. I think it is worth trying, but don't have high expectations.

Good luck!笑
This is a fun place to go with friends. Good energy, interesting people watching. We were given the choice of a booth or the window. We chose the window and that was a wise choice. First night of TIFF and we got to watch the arrivals for a premier party at Patria next door. 

The drinks were all very good but the cocktail prices gave me pause and I've had less expensive drinks in NYC and San Fran at equal establishments in those cities. The bottle of wine, however, was reasonably priced and very good. 

The food! We three ladies did a full sharing meal with the Brussels sprouts salad and the kale salad - both excellent. This was followed by the rib eye (best piece of beef I've had in years). Great quality of meat and perfectly cut, simply seasoned and served with a jus. We paired it with thick cut fries and peas. The chocolate mint pudding completed our meal. 

Overall an outstanding, if a little pricey, meal.笑
I have been to Weslodge 3 times now, once for lunch and twice for dinner. The atmosphere is akin to what you would imagine a posh hunting lodge would look like, but with mostly 20 to 40-somethings fancied up for a night out. Yes, it is a trendy night spot and the newest one to hit the King West strip, so expect this to be a noisier restaurant with lots of good looking people drinking a good share of libations. Personally, I like a lively atmosphere. 

The menu tries hard to be unique, but falls short both on flavour and quantity. For example, a $26 entree of Bison steak (estimated at around 5-6 ounces) splashed with a chimichurri sauce and quinoa garnish left me hungry for more, yet was flavourful. Adding a hearty side would have rounded out this dish. The best thing I have had so far is their bison burger and fries (the fries are really good!), which is probably going to emerge as their best seller from a value vs. quantity vs. flavour standpoint.

Where Weslodge excels is with their cocktail menu. There are some unique mixtures of spirits that remind me of the trendy cocktail lounges in NYC. If you are familiar with, or visiting from, New York, this place will remind you of those venues. Drinks are pricey, but you are getting better far quality than your average bar/club. I suggest you try it at least once, regardless of what you read or hear otherwise.笑
On a whim I decided to try the brunch at Weslodge, despite the fact that it seems to be known more for its after-work cocktail ambiance. I had the scotch egg with a side of sausage and mushrooms. The scotch egg, which cost $5, was just WONDERFUL. It was perfectly runny and surrounded by chorizo and a crunchy exterior. I was even more impressed by the sausage and mushrooms - for a $6 side I felt like I was eating a delicious dinner! Very generously sized sausage, king mushrooms, and a biscuit on the side. My friend had the homemade english muffin with preserves and the asparagus puff pastry with scrambled eggs, and enjoyed both. All in all, I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of food and excellent service I received at Weslodge.笑
I love the ambiance, very James Bond Like vibe! The decor of the restaurant is out of this world! I love their burgers!笑
Came here for summerlicious on a date!

The decor and environment was lovely! It felt like I was in the wild Wild West but with a classy spin on the theme. The booths are large and comfortable and the staff were dressed to the theme which was lovely.

The service was great! Except for that they messed up my bill and put my drinks and another tables drinks on my tab, we almost paid for it but thankfully we caught that.

The had a crazy assortment of libations and cocktails but very few beers on tap! 

The food was okay. The portions were fair and you definitely don't leave hungry. But the flavours were too experimental for my taste. I.e. The scotch egg with chorizo was paired with a sour sauce which was kind of weird...

We had the steak and fries, the steak was mushy and hard to chew/hard to cut probably due to the quality of meat. 

The poutine's sauce was also not traditional it was apparently with espresso. I thought it was too watery , I'd recommend something else.

The saving grace was the DESSERT! It was amazing had the pecan pie with ice cream it was delicate and perfectly sweet. I would recommend it!

Overall it was a good experience :)笑
I had a decent dinner here with a colleague. We had several small shared plates, one large shared plates, a few sides, and dessert. All in, the damage was higher than I expected at $75 per person with tax and tip.

We had the beef tartare with foie gras mousse to start. The funny thing was that they served the 3 sauces that accompany it almost 5 minutes after they delivered the tartare. The flavour wasn't bold enough for me and the foie gras was flavourless butter... perhaps it was my taste buds but shouldn't it have a flavour? The sourdough bread was very light on the sour part and I felt it was overly dry.I was a bit worried at this point for the dinner.

The main we chose the large seafood special of the day. It was 2 seabass stuffed with a shrimp (?) mousse and seared. We also ordered two sides consisting of roasted brussel sprouts and the other was miso french green beans. For the price and considering they called it a 'large' share, I found this sea bass on the small side. For a share, I wouldn't call it a large share at all. I would say that it would be an overly generous portion for one. Anyhow, the skin was nice and crispy and the meat was still moist. The 'stuffing' was an interesting texture but it was a bit tasteless. I wouldn't order this again. The saving grace for the meal was 2 the sides. Bacon lardon with the roasted brussel sprouts were tasty. I wish they roasted them more but they had a bit of char. The miso ginger on the french beans was a nice punch that the other plates were missing. I could eat lots of this but for $6, I can easily say that I would need to eat at least 2 orders to make up what I normally eat for vegetables.

For dessert, we ordered the pumpkin pie and it was ok. Spices were muted but the pumpkin filling had good texture. Standard pie fare. The other dessert was a definite must try for me... we got the sticky cake with a great combination of the in house ginger ice cream and figs. I really loved this dish. I think this was the only highlight of the entire meal. The stick cake was moist and flavourful. The ginger ice cream was potent and was a nice combination off the caramel toffee sauce.

Overall, service was good but not great and the food itself was not bad but I wouldn't really recommend this place for the large plates. If you had a bunch of people who wanted to do drinks, this certainly would be a good place to try but go there for drinks, snacks, and desserts but skip on the 'real' food.笑
Easily the best friend chicken and cocktails in Toronto. The cocktail menu is the most diverse in the city and the food is great and delicately made. I dunno how they have the best fried chicken I've ever eaten outside of the South, it's random but I'm not complaining. Upscale spot, dimly lit bar restaurant, pricey. Bring your friends or date for a good pregame before you go to a dance venue if you can afford a $15 cocktail or two. Or you can go here, eat and drink with your friends and get lost in conversation and meet all sorts of interesting characters (usually professionals in the finance, entertainment, law, or fashion industries). Average age on a Saturday night is mid 30s but you see a lot of 23 year olds and 53 year olds at the same time which is interesting (and sometimes odd). Some of the best staff on King St West.笑
I come to TO at least once a year from LA and always make it a point to come toe Weslodge. Eric and his team here really make an experience out of every visit. The people that have made Weslodge their place to work feel like a family and they extend that out to their patrons. I had the pleasure of meeting Brice this week and he really made our day. From explaining food and drink orders to placing some flowers in a vase for us, he really showed us a great time. It's a great place to come for a quick drink and and even better place to spend a Sunday having some craft cocktails and prideful food. Come in and enjoy. Can't wait to come back!笑
I only stopped in for a drink but if I was a local, I'd definitely be a regular at Weslodge.  I had what was probably the best Old Fashioned I've ever had here.  They have an extensive cocktail menu and their bartenders definitely seem to know what they are doing.  

The space was open and welcoming with an upscale 1930's vibe to it. Very cool!  I'd love to come back and try their food.笑
At first look this appears like a typical king west spot. Service was very polite and fast when we went on a Sunday night. It definitely caters to the king west business crowd. Interior layout is very nice, clean and comfortable. I really love the modern light fixtures and high ceilings as well as how you can see the kitchen from behind  a glass, and can watch them cook which is a nice factor. The food for winterlicious was delicious but small portions true to form to dT king w. But it was scrumptious so no complaints. I like how there are private rooms w a large television for parties. It is quite a large space for dT, but is pricey so more a place for special occasions. It's a definite upper yuppy crowd hot spot.笑
I can here the other day. We end up sitting at the bar the place is amazing the cabinets for liquors looks amazing the place is fancy and the service is classy. I liked the place. The price of the liquire is good just they  are more into the mix drinks which are expensive but worth the try. They have glass covering the widow which make it see throw so you can see them cooking . the washroom are not bad they are unique but not my type. 

Will definetly recoment people to come to this place笑
The environment/decor and the service is 5 stars plus. 

The food I found puzzling.  The very masculine decor with Cecilia framed in the entrance and it's mounted large game heads etc. creates a bit of a disconnect with the servings - it sets you up to feel like Fred Flintstone in a classy joint, and that half a grilled brontosaurus is going to be rolled over to your table. Thankfully I had googled the Weslodge site and knew going into the place that the portions were small and was prepared for that. Now - when the servings are tiny and dainty, I expect to be seriously impressed by exceptional flavours. My wife and I were there with another couple. Combined we had a taste of 4 appetizers including the much touted scotch egg. I'm sad to say that no dish left me with more than a Meh feeling. I myself ordered the Cornmeal or such encrusted Catfish with thrice baked fries ($33). I had difficulty concealing my surprise when I was served a tiny very bland looking fillet that looked more like it would have been trimmed off a perch that I would have used as bait rather than throw in a skillet. My meal was comically referred to as a "Cat Minnow" by my wife and friends for the entire 3 bites. The fish was a complete fail, neither the coating nor the fish having any flavour to speak of. All that to say that the food was sadly very unremarkable, and that there are too many options in Toronto to give this place a second chance.

Again, a beautiful place - I commend the Designer, as well as our server with his prohibition style leather shoulder holster, who provided excellent table side service, magically appearing before an empty glass was set back on the table. The $15 old-fashioned's were quite good. The bill for My wife and I was $225 including tip.笑
I was invited to experience The Cutting Board at the Weslodge Saloon on King Street W Monday evening.

It's like a lodge inside ... very masculine with dark walls, antlers, stuffed animals and animal heads on the walls, etc.

I tried some pasta, beef, hen, biscuit and pork ... my favourites were the hen and pork and could eaten had more!  The mousse was good!

Chef de Cuisine, Kanida Chey, stopped by to explain their processes and future menu ideas.

We were given a gift bag with beet mustard.  

I've passed by this restaurant many times but have never tried it so I was happy to have the opportunity to sample some of their foods.  Our hosts and the servers were friendly and helpful.笑
I have crossed paths with this gem spot many times but it wasn't until Canada day that my friend and I have finally decided to see what this was all about! Boy, we're we in for a treat! I just love checking out cocktail bars! Surprisingly it was rather empty that night, probably because everyone was busy traveling but because of that, the manager offered us his favourite seating in the dining room. A cosy spacious booth in the far right corner. The ambiance reminded me of stepping back into a old British pub but much more elegant! To make this better, everything in the restaurant is pretty much made in house! 

The server was kind, friendly and hospitable. We ordered two cocktails to start along with two starters. 

Cocktails of the night were tobacco manhattan, sloe summer and bourbon & burdock. All amazing cocktails with unique characteristics! My favourite was the bourbon & burdock! I kind of reminded me of a whiskey sour but a hybrid version! I loved it!

Scotch Egg - great for two people. The eggs are coated in English sausage then breaded and fried. Served with red onion jam and truffle paste. I love that the yolk was still runny and won me over was the truffle paste. Without that, the dish would have lost its sparks.

Sausage rolls - Nothing special with this but the pickled cauliflower added texture to the piece and gave it some additional acidity which make it stand out from a typical sausage roll. However, I don't see myself ordering this again.

After the starters, we had a good chat with our server about different cocktail bars and all the hidden gem spots in the heart of Toronto. Then about 5-10 mins our main and sides to come.

Veal Schnitzel - this was everything that I would ask for! Deep fried yet tender and jam packed flavour! Definitely the GO TO spot if I'm ever craving for a veal schnitzel! The meat was so tender and juicy and it worked wonders when parted with the sour cream, charred lemon and gribiche. This is surely a great sharing plate!

Broccolini - aside from great flavour I was abit upset to see that there were only about 6 pieces served. But it is what it is! I'm here for flavour and atmosphere, and that's exactly what it's offered! The flavours are exactly as described. Chill, Lemon and garlic. Nicely cooked and not over cooked. I love a good crunch when eating broccoli.

Brussels sprouts - Amazing! You get a mix of halved pieces and some fried spout lettuce. The taste was rather oily due to the bacon but the sherry vinegar sure helped balance it out along with the touch of fresh thyme that help set the freshness. We really enjoyed this with the veal! Since Brussels sprouts give off a little bitter end taste, the sour cream from the veal helps wash it off and mellows all the flavours beautifully.

For desserts we shared the sticky date pudding and the rhubarb trifle. I'm a sucker for rhubarb, so whenever I see that in a menu- it's mine! Surely it was no mistake, I really really love it a lot! Not too sweet and it's like searching for treasure! One bite I eat it with sponge cake pieces, and another I found a jelly piece hidden within! Such a playful and delicious dessert to end my meal.

Our second dessert was sticky date pudding. I definitely recommend eating the rhubarb first and that's exactly what we did. The pudding was much sweeter than the trifle. Surely you would lose the flavour if you mixed between both desserts. This pudding reminded me of eating a chewy canele. Very rich in caramel butter taste and worked well with the ice cream! I had it with a manhattan and that certainly helped cut thru the sweetness. The maraschino cherry elevated the dessert! So hopefully next time they can put a cherry on top for us! 

Thanks for reading everyone!笑
Over rated place!
The place was dark and loud and the quality of the food was not good enough for the price we paid. We ordered a salad, half chicken, a sea bass and 3 scotch eggs and we paid 165$!It was very expensive and we were so unhappy during the dinner. The waitress was pressuring us to order more dishes and drinks all the time, even when we told her we were OK.
Very disappointing.笑
Definitely pricey AF, however high quality food and drinks... would return.

The wait was a little longer than i hoped but we did come with a large party!

HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE TOMAHAWK STEAK!!笑
Very nice restaurant and place to have dinner and drinks. The place was decorated as an upscale saloon with different collection of art pieces, animal heads. We were comfortably seated at a booth. I started off with a cocktail "sloe summer" with pineapple liquor, it had a mix of summer and autumn feel to it, just like the weather transition right now. The server suggested 6-9 plates for the 3 of us so we started off with 6 plates as we are not big eaters.

Our selection ranged from small to large plates.

1) Hamachi Ceviche - Yuzu + Cucumber + Apple + Radish ($14) - thin pieces of hamachi toss with avocado, cucumber and chips. I really like the sauce
2) Scotch Egg - Chorizo + Tomato Jam + Black Truffle ($5) - first time trying  scotch egg with is quail egg covered in chorizo and bread crumbs. The tomato jam was good with the leaking egg yolk.
3) Foie Gras - House Apple Jelly + Toasted Brioche ($12) - It was served like a sandwich, 2 pieces of brioche with foie gras in between. The brioche was crunchy and the apple jelly was sweet and good mix with the foie gras.
4) Shredded Kale Salad - Duck Pastrami + Crisp Apple + Corn Nuts + Ricotta Salata + Dill Pickle Vinaigrette ($14) - It was a good fresh toss salad, my first time having an all kale salad only. There was not much vinaigrette but the pieces of corn nuts added the special touch.
5) Wagyu Bavette 8oz ($34) - cooked at medium rare and served cut with sauce at the bottom. The steak was pretty good but a little tough at some parts.
6) Slow Roasted Ontario Lamb Shoulder 2 oz ($70) - This was the best dish of the night, we got the small portion but it was a big plate. It was served with Israeli couscous and cabbage salad. The lamb was so tendered, and with some fat, it melts in our mouth. I never had Israeli couscous but it was interesting, better than rice. The portion was so large we couldn't finish, taking home for next meal tomorrow.

Overall, the food was good and service was great. An a good atmosphere to have a nice dinner conversation without having to yell at each other. The price was on the pricey side but you get good quality food. :)笑
A bunch of us went here for summerlicious lunch last week, the place was very busy but we were quickly seated at the upper level. Wow, I must say I wasn't expect a private room that's open to below.

The server got our orders fairly quickly which was great because we were all pretty hungry at this point. A couple of them had ordered a pint of beer each, wasn't watered down but was fairly expensive at about $9 each (but I guess that's the price you got to pay for King St W resto). The food arrived fairly quickly as well, I order the scotch egg for appetizer and seared sea bass as main- both of them were very flavourful and fresh, yet the portions were just a tad small. As for dessert I got the blackcurrant sorbet which was a little disappointing in my opinion, the dessert was just too sweet for my liking and I wish that there was more Sesame Crumble to even out the taste.
 
The presentation of the food however was amazing and so was the ambience. Overall, it was a good experience and I would like to go back to try out their regular menu. 

One thing to keep in mind- if you are going with a party of 6 or more, the server may have already incorporated a 18% gratuity on to your bill. So just keep an eye out for that.笑
Came here for Winterlicious prix fixe dinner with my friend. Food was not bad but portions were so tiny - we left hungry and had a second dinner elsewhere. Didn't feel like I consumed $38 worth of food.

We both got the smoked trout appetizer and the braised beef cheek for the main course. The trout was available on their regular menu ($18), and so was some variation of braised beef ($30, though the fixings are different, so not sure if it's the exact same dish). 

There were 2 pieces of smoked trout served atop a crispy potato cake. Each cake was roughly the size of a packet of matches. The potato cake was barely warm, almost as if it had been sitting out for some time. The dish was nicely garnished with cucumber and creme fraiche, though.

The braised beef cheek was very tender but very small (only about 1.5 inch cube) and served with a huckleberry sauce. The acidity and sweetness of the berries complemented the flavour of the meat quite well. The dish was topped with crisp sunchokes, which added a nice textural component. The menu also listed truffles as an ingredient, but I did not detect any.

For dessert, my friend got the sticky toffee pudding, which was very good. I had the chocolate crémeux, which was two pieces of very crunchy (read: could hardly cut into it with my fork!) puff pastry with piped dollops of chocolate cream, cilantro cream, and sea buckthorn berries. The menu also listed pumpkin seeds, but there were none. It was an okay dessert, nothing exciting.

Overall, the food and service were decent, given that the standards sometimes end up being a bit lower for Winterlicious meals. Not sure I would come back because the prices seemed a bit steep. Good ambiance though - a bit loud, but hip, modern and sophisticated without venturing into snooty territory.笑
Had been there before for late night drinks and thought we'd try it for after work drinks on a Monday. Feeling a little peckish went for the cutting board...well worth the price per person as it will leave 2 people appropriately filled. Would suggest ordering some greens on the side as it is protein heavy.

Had the gin and homemade tonic which was OK and ordered a bottle of wine, which was great and typically overpriced. The snack/meal was not cheap, but the service was attentive and overall a nice few hours spent.

Heard they will open a Weslodge in Dubai and if it is anywhere near the expat population should be printing money in no time.笑
Stopped in for a late dinner and drinks. Everything was perfect. From the atmosphere to the service to the drinks to the food  Highly recommended笑
Came with another gourmet friend, had a very pleasant stay thanks to servers and food. We shared dishes. Ceviche, Waga beef, Kale Salad with duck, chocolate mousse, was really good and simple, albeit we must have paid for the (inspiring) decoration as well. A little expensive for what we got.笑
Great atmosphere and interesting decor. Other than the looks of the place it's barely a one star. Drinks are so so and the service was subpar. To top it off, our waitress, Natalie, seemed a little off. When we arrived she offered us still or sparkling water. We settled for standard since we weren't there for the water. When the bill came she charged us $10 for "distilled" water. I may be from the states but it's certainly illegal to charge someone for tap water. I'll return to Toronto, but not to this restaurant.笑
I came into the opportunity to have a nearly-free meal here, and given the reviews, I wasn't expecting a good experience with food or service. I was surprised, both were fine.

Just to get it out of the way, this place has the most self-concious decor and ambience that I have ever encountered. It's bordering on ridiciulous. It's precious on precious stacked on top of about eighteen layers of hipster chic. The wine list comes in this perfectly tattered field-notes book with a handful of empty pages in the back, the last of which is adorned with a casual lipstick kiss. The servers wander around in v-neck t-shirts in different dusty shades, each wearing a heavy leather gun holster which is a really unflattering effect if you have a giant gut.

To be honest, it's taken so far that it comes off as a really high-end Spaghetti Factory. It's that kitchsy, that rammed full of faux vintage. Or a trendy version of something you would encounter in Epcot Center's league of nations or whatever those entirely over-the-top stereotypes of European countries are called. And it makes the moments where the attention to details have faltered really stick out. The bathrooms are beautiful, worn brass faucets dump into a big porcelain farmhouse sink, gleaming subway tiles all over. But the water closets are co-ed, so I walked in to find a toilet seat up and a shitty plastic dollar store wastebasket overflowing. The ugly gray sanitary disposal unit ruined the whole effect. Don't get me wrong - all of these things are neccesscary and in isolation would have meant absolutely nothing, but when you have created this totally over-the-top experience, any lapse in the illusion is super obvious.

Regardless, on to the things that matter. The hostess weirdly waits for you to tell her what you are after. She's not great. She doesn't welcome you, she sort of raises her eyebrows at you in a "what do you want" sort of way. It's a restaurant, my friend. We probably want to eat. 

Luckily, our server was lovely and down to earth. With the decor, if the attitude had been snobby or too-cool, the experience would be ruined. Wasn't a problem. She was attentive without being too formal, and made excellent recommendations. I got the impression she had tasted everything on the menu, and that's important.

We ordered the scotch egg (which is actually a quails egg) and the beef tartare to start, which comes with smoky-grilled sourdough bread and a foie gras mousse and seed mustard. The scotch egg is really amuse-bouche sized, but delicious enough that I didn't resent the $5 price tag. I could have eaten six. It was a wonderfully balanced bite of food. The tartare was exceptional.The portion of beef was pretty substantial.

I ordered the veal cheek. It's earthy and rich, and served with a decent portion of what I believe is lingot bean puree and a smear of pureed amaranth. A bit of bacon and date are meandering around in there as well. It was a great dish, and the server's suggestion that a side should be ordered as well was possibly not true. 

It served in contrast to my partner's dish, the Wagyu beef. Next to the rich taste of my veal, it was just... plain old pedestrian beef. I would encourage people dining here to try a more adventurous cut. Unlike the veal, the Wagyu beef came with absolutely nothing, and seemed incomplete. Beautifully cooked though.

We ordered herb spatzle with mushroom & lamb bacon on the server's advice and were not disappointed. It was a bigish portion and could have served as a meal alongside a salad or other veg. The bacon was very rich; it's a very indulgent pasta-like dish.

I can't remember which cocktail my partner ordered, but it was well balanced and strong. It came with one very large perfectly clear giant ice cube, which are shipped in specially and basically did not melt for an hour. I had a $16 glass of wine, which pained me, but it was very good.

We did the gold bar chocolate thing for desert, with their version of sticky toffee pudding. Both were fine, but nothing revolutionary.

Bill came to about $160ish pre-tip. It's spendy, for sure. But you could do better if you ordered strategically. The burger is reasonable, and I saw it coming out a couple of times. It looked out of this world and smelled as good. But I could definitely see myself going back there, purely for that veal cheek... I'm still thinking about it!笑
Overpriced, overrated, nothing is more interesting than the big yellow door笑
Worst dinner experience ever in Toronto. 

Went for my sister and I birthday (she was in from out of town, she is 32, I am 33). Ordered a bottle of wine, tons of food, dessert, apps, spent $225. The food was fine. 

But had an awful experience with the servers. 

One of the male servers asked if we wanted more wine. We said (quite clearly) "No". He said, "I'm making an executive decision, you ladies need more wine" and brought us more. We thought that this was a birthday drink on the house since we did not order it. 

At the end of the night the bill came and the wine that was not ordered was on the bill. We asked the manager and he made a big scene: called over the waiter who brought us the drinks and our server (who did nothing wrong)- and made us "talk it out". This was clearly a situation where the customer should have been right (I mean really, we spent an obscene amount there and he's charging us for drinks we never asked for?!!?), especially since none of the servers disputed that we said that we did NOT want the extra drinks. 

It was embarrassing (other tables were looking at us wondering what the issue was), uncouth, and extremely unprofessional. It really did take the wind out of our sails on a special night. When we emailed the management, we got a brief apology email, but on repeated attempts to resolve the situation our emails were ignored. 

There are enough restaurants in Toronto that I will never go back to Weslodge. I do not wish to support a business that treats its customers in that manner. I would encourage others to do the same.笑
Don't bother. 

The decor and atmosphere was nice for a Saturday, but the food is mediocre at best and the service was ultimately abysmal.

The steak tartare was spongy and tasteless and the ceviche tasted a bit fishy. The porterhouse steak was seasoned well but rather fatty. 

The service was okay, but difficult to get attention when needed. The nail in the coffin, and what drags this down to a one star, was that 20 seconds after paying the check, the maitre d saunters over, professes that he "hates to be the bearer of bad news" and gave us 2 minutes to vacate the table for the next reservation. No one told us this when we took the table, we still had half of our drinks left, and there were plenty of singles they could have pushed together to make up the table of four they needed. 

It's always a shame when a restaurant thinks it's better than its patrons. We won't be coming back.笑
TLDR: Service is slow (glacial), food is good, cocktails are excellent.
I'd been told this place was started by a couple advertising execs, so myself and two industry friends stopped in for a meal after an event. They were too busy with reservations, but afforded us a bar seat. Note: this is not a seat at the bar, it is a bar stool near a pillar. Cocktails were fantastic and reasonably priced compared to the $18 confections listed (house mixed drink is $7). The waitress advised us to have our burgers med-well which as appreciated, and she moved us to a real table after we asked (twice?). The main problem was once we finished our entrees, it took a while to get them taken away. Once she did, she returned when we planned to ask for the bill, but she instead dropped dessert menus in front of us. In the spirit of being polite and curious, we looked and decided they looked too unique to pass up so we would order one. We sat for 15 minutes waiting for her and by the time she came back, we really just wanted to go home so we got the bill. During this time she chatted to the table next to us for a solid 5 minutes and visited them 3 times while we sat waiting. She could have gotten quite a few more dollars on the bill if she hasn't taken her time so it's purely bad salesmanship. Frustrating too since the longer we sad idling, the more tired we became.
My burger (with chunky delicious fries) and a drink ran me 31 with decent tip.笑
This is for the brunch menu, which we went to try Sunday morning. The inside is pretyy amazing - hunting lodge theme. Very refined. Lots of staff, attentive. The food itself is uninspiring. Doesn't live up to the potential of the menu or interior. With so many spots to choose from, we were glad to check it out but likely won't return for what is a very basic brunch and smaller portioned place.笑
This was my first time at Weslodge after passing it every day on my way to work. I went with 3 other people who also had never been. WOW WAS THIS A TREAT! I cannot say enough good things about this fantastic gem. From the friendly hostess who gave me options of different tables to choose from(!!!!!), to the amazing staff that served us (Ty... and I apologize I cannot remember the other's names), this was a treat on all levels. The drinks were original and well suited for each guest's tastes. To name just a few items we had: amazing Canadian Bone in Tomahawk which was perfectly cooked and was a ginormous portion, Sausage Rolls were unique mix of sweet and savory flavor's and the Branzino Crudo which was so perfectly cooked and had a great dipping sauce. 
As I said I can't say enough good things about this place. Great vibe, great open space but what really makes this place unique is the people who work there. Every person that served  our table was special and left an impression on all of us. They made a point to ask out names, and check in to make sure we were happy from start to finish. They gave us thoughtful and great suggestions which made our meal fantastic. A really great experience all around, and I will definitely be back again and again!笑
Went for brunch- 
Hands down the BEST French toast I've ever had...(and I always order French toast for brunch) ... The yogurt is whipped and crazy delicious!!! 

We also ordered half a chicken of the old fashioned fried chicken.... 3 of the 4 pieces were mediocre... They seemed slightly undercooked, yummy but nothing special.. Then the fourth piece was sooooooo gooddddddd! It was slightly overcooked but the flavour was crazy delicious and the texture was perfect... We figured we may have gotten an Off batch.. 
Either way- really happy with the food and excellent service. Will be back!笑
I'm really unsure how to rate Weslodge. Two previous dealings with their rude security and at one time a brain dead hostess (she's not there anymore so I'm thinking someone ended THAT relationship), has left me on the fence.

On one hand I am a big fan of their menu of cocktails, I think they put a lot of effort into crafting a great selection up. My Old Fashioned here was easily a top 5 performer in my books AND any place that allows you to purchase a bottle of mixed Old Fashioned's is either crazy or brilliant. Points all around. Plus, layer on the woodsy, sort of sophisticated hunting lodge look and feel of the place that I totally dig (but is kind of lost on King West) and it fares pretty well in my books.

I just. Don't. Get, The hype. Anytime I've been here (mostly for drinks) I can't get over the vibe her. It has all the trappings of great hipster spot, with just enough sophistication to make it swanky (the dress up hipsters... not the West Queen West folk who you're not sure whether they're homeless or just cooler than you realize). BUT that said it's rapidly become a spot where douchey young professionals go to order sophisticated cocktails that make them feel like hipsters, while paying an arm and a leg for said cocktail. Am I wrong? I made this exact observation recently when there with a large group and it was like light bulbs went on over everyones heads as the exact same realization hit them too. 

So I definitely don't hate this place AND I'll even return (hopefully to try the food), so perhaps a few good experiences will change my soured perception of the place that a few negative encounters have sullied.笑
Weslodge has possibly the most memorable and fun theme/decor I have experienced anywhere in Toronto. I would return for this factor alone!

"Modern saloon" happens when swanky furnishings (marble tables, purple velvet chairs) meets kitschy hunting lodge decor (deer and bison mounted on the wall, swinging doors, waitstaff dressed as gunslingers). It's most definitely a fun environment.

The food I personally found average. It was tasty for the most part, but a bit overpriced given the small portions. My bison steak, for example, was $26 but came with absolutely no sides, it was basically just a delicious steak on a plate. I paid $6 for a side of carrots with yogurt and harissa, which literally was 4 finger sized small carrots on a plate. You get the idea. My friend's bourbon chicken was a bit larger, although she mentioned it was a bit lacking in flavour.

We faired better with the appetizers; the scotch egg was a wonderful dish! The grilled snap peas were really nice too. 

I would go back in a heartbeat, but I hope they expand/improve their menu. Entree selection was quite small and they were sold out of 1 of 6 dishes. Daily specials would be nice too!笑
I have tried to go here for dinner on several occasions but it was usually so busy that I couldn't get in without a reservation or waiting for an hour for a table. So I decided to try it for brunch with friends on a Sunday when it was less busy (not even half full).

The first disappointment was that it took almost 1.5 hours from the time we ordered our food until it was delivered to our table. During that time while we were waiting, we saw other customers who arrived after us and ordered well after us receive their meals. Our table had a good view of the kitchen - where we could see the 7 or 8 staff cooks just standing around, talking and texting on the mobile phones. They just seemed like they couldn't be bothered to actually do their job and cook food. With less than half the restaurant full, there was no reason that a kitchen staff that big couldn't handle cooking simple brunch food in under 90 minutes!

The second disappointment happened when our food finally arrived. I had ordered the fried eggs, sausage, bacon, fries & toast. The toast was burnt (black) and the sausage was raw in the middle. One of my friends who also ordered the same dish also had received uncooked sausage. It was pretty shocking that the person who did the plating would even let that get out of the kitchen and be served to customers. I would have loved to see Gordon Ramsay's reaction to the combination of both burnt and uncooked food.

The final disappointment was the amount of food. The portions were pretty small. I'm not sure if it was just that or a combination with the extremely long wait, but one of my friends actually had to stop for more food after leaving because he was still hungry!

Overall, it was an extremely disappointing experience and I highly doubt I will go back there again.笑
Lamb was delicious and huge! Cocktails were excellent. Service was great. Kudos to our waiter, Will.笑
I have mixed feelings about this place. I've been for brunch and drinks on separate occasions and it was good. Maybe 4 stars for food, drinks and service. I like the decor and atmosphere.  However I had two quite negative experiences - one was during brunch when the waitress was pretty terrible and their debit machine broke. They made us walk a few blocks in the cold to get cash and didn't even really apologize. The manager reached out after I commented on opentable, but we really didn't feel like going back. The second sketch experience was when we went there and ordered bottles of champagne. They brought us bottles that were several hundred dollars even though we ordered ones that were less expensive. These were 1 to 2 star experiences. Mixed feelings. Averages out to average. Try your luck?笑
I'm always one to try new and different restaurants, so if you're the same, Weslodge is a fantastic pick. 

The reservation process seems to be a lot more organized than other restaurants. After I called, I received both an email confirmation and a phone call on the day of to confirm the reservation. Upon arrival, we were seated promptly, despite the Friday-night busyness of the place (This may not seem like a win, but it is a great pet peeve of mine when a restaurant's idea of a reservation is just putting you at the top of the list when you arrive).

It was our first time, and our waitress was wonderful in running through the menu as a whole and pointing our popular dishes. We did not feel rushed at all in ordering, and it allowed us to carefully make our selection. 

I had the "Floridita" as my drink after hearing it described as a "spiked mimosa." It was fresh, citrus-y, and strong in the best way possible.

For our meal, we shared four plates. Starting with the "scotch egg", two large shares in form of the "crispy hen and biscuits" and the "milk poached veal" with a fixin of snap peas. The scotch egg was the star of the evening, arriving first and plated well. One bite was all it took to finish, but the egg combined with the breading-like casing on the outside and sweet puree to accompany made it my favourite.

The crispy hen was good; it was as if fried chicken got its act together and decided to become a luxury food item. The biscuits that came with the dish were very good: not too dry and just the right size. 

The veal was all right for me. There were dill shavings on top of the dish that added some complexity, but I would opt to try something else next time I visit. 

The snap peas were fantastic. Simple and yet a great "neutral" in between the other, stronger-flavoured orders. 

I was also very pleased with the service of the venue. Our waitress was friendly, around just enough and really seemed to care that we had a good time and had good food. We happened to be seated near the bar, where a bachelor party was taking place. At one point in the night, the bachelor party, very drunk, were almost leaning/backing into our table without realizing. I spoke with the hostess, and the manager promptly came over, asked the group to be mindful of our table, apologized and even sent over two free glasses of champagne for our trouble. 

Will definitely be returning, can't wait to try other things.笑
PROS:
1. Intense decor inside, very nice. 
2. I went for brunch and the menu had a good variety. The burger was so delicious and worth every penny. I had the french toast which was meh. 

CONS:
1. I have yet to try the dinner menu so I can't really say much but from my brunch impression food seems pretty good, perhaps a tad overpriced.笑
This is by far the best place to come for mixed drinks. It is the place to be before hitting the clubs. Great atmosphere but it can get pretty crowed around the bar, try to get a seat if you are going to eat away from the bar.笑
I had a 3 hour layover in Toronto -- landed at downtown's Billy Bishop Airport in the evening.  So, my friends, this is a real layover.  Not the bogus stuff that Bourdain does on his Layover show (I mean, a 3 day layover, seriously?).  Now, I had no cell phone service or local guide to quickly show me around.  So, I relied on a pre-cached section of Google Maps (with GPS) to help me out.

Basically, I walked straight out of the airport, walked down for 15 minutes, then made a right onto a random street.  Then, I used my internal Yelp spidey sense to find a restaurant that piqued my interest.  It was a Sunday night and I honestly didn't see a happening place but I finally came a cross a pretty packed restaurant.  Huge windows.  Beautiful decor.  Chic crowd.  I took a quick look at the menu and it had some interesting items.  So, why not.  I did look like a well-dressed hobo.  Carrying luggage and a suit bag.

Plopped myself and sat at the bar.  Had a local Toronto draft beer.  Then their Tobacco Manhattan, which I felt was decent, but was expecting it straight up, as opposed to on the rocks.  I ordered a beet salad to start, which I felt was alright, but there werent enough beets.  And, well, beets are awesome.  I want more beets in my salad (Frankie's, a popular Italian restaurant in NYC really has a lot of beets in their beet salad)!  Finally, ordered the fried gamehen with mushy corn, and a delicous bourbon reduction.  The chicken was perfectly moist.  Huge plus with fried chicken.  But, the fried chicken batter was a bit flavorless.  And that my friends, is the secret to a good fried chicken -- juicy chicken with a flavorful batter.  One out of two, isn't quite good enough, in my book.  But the sauce was awesome.

The decor is cool, if a bit overbearing.  Too much taxidermy, but I guess this is Canada, right?!?  It was certainly impressive, though.  And there was an odd DJ booth on the 2nd floor.  No idea if this place turns clubbier over the weekends.  Overall, I can see the formula for Weslodge.  An NYC Meatpacking Fig and Olive or Spice Market (I agree with another reviewer's Breslin comparison).  Maybe Lavo is the final goal.  Who knows.  And I think the restaurant is quite expensive, even by NYC standards (I think I paid about $75 with tax and tip - portions on the smaller size) -- for that, I expect a truly excellent meal.  More style than substance, but I only had 3 hours in Toronto and I could have done a lot worse than Weslodge.  For the Toronto native, I guess I'd say that if you like a sceney restaurant and you happen to be in downtown, feel free to check this place out.  But I would guess that Toronto probably has better to offer elsewhere.笑
2.5 stars

Before I went to Weslodge, I thought it'd be a meatlover's paradise.  After my visit, I realized that this place is better for drinks and not so much for a proper meal.  Technically you can get a full meal here but it will cost you a fortune ($14 dollars for a single medium sized scallop).  Now, I've never been sparing when it comes to eating good food but I just don't feel this place is worth it.

Let's start with the good stuff.  Everything is beautiful; this includes the food, the decor, the table wear, and even the staff.  The restaurant has a very high ceiling, a lot of mirrors, large Victorian portraits, and taxidermic animals -- very impressive.  The staff there is the typical King/ Wellington West fleet of beautiful young people who seem to be there for now before their dramatic/ musical/ artistic/ upward social mobility dreams come to fulfilment. That last sentence is just a figment of my imagination so don't send any hate mail if anyone who works there actually read this, but they probably won't.  The food is all very dainty -- there are a lot of vibrant colours; even the side dishes look amazing,  Flavour wise, it's another story.  The Scotch egg was lacking in seasoning (not to mention TINY).  The chicken boudin has the flavour of baby food and the texture of firm tofu -- it tasted like there were more filler in sausage than chicken meat.  The wagyu skirt steak with chimmichurri was good but how can you eff that up?  One after another disappointing dish, the cool decor was turning a bit gimmicky when the food doesn't back it up.  When I glanced the place over, I saw that patrons were doing more drinking than eating.  Then I got it: Weslodge call itself a saloon, for God's sake.  I thought it was just a marketing ploy but this place is really more for drinking than having dinner.

Even though I was underwhelmed, I think this place is a good option for grabbing a few drinks and some appetizers or desserts.  However, don't think you can just head in when your in the area because it does get quite busy.  I don't think I'll end up here again just because I'm more of a spontaneous drinker.笑
Place was fantastic, venue looked great but food + drink were DEFINITELY not worth the $. Spent about 150$ for 2, barely drank and shared food. A good place for a drink or 2, but not to spend your night!笑
I enjoyed the decor and the upbeat, classy ambiance of the restaurant as well as the great service. Immediately upon entrance the hostess was warm and friendly and made sure we were seated somewhere ideal. Our server really knew his stuff and was always around to help us out and create great experience. 

When it comes to the food, expect to spend a lot as it is on the pricier side - especially considering the portion sizes and the lack of variety. I had the croquette as well as the sausage rolls for my starter, and while the sausage rolls were great, the croquettes just didn't do it for me. They are supposed to be a classic dish, but somewhere along the lines it was butchered and I didn't really understand what they were going for in terms of flavor. For my main, I had the braised beef and it was literally two small pieces of beef (the size of a domino) with large chunks of onion in some sort of broth. The beef was very tender and juicy with a lot of flavor, but there was way too little on the plate to truly enjoy or even justify spending $30 on. Our main took a little long to get out of the kitchen so, our server promptly apologized and informed us of this, then offered us free dessert to make up for it. We got some sort of berry tart and it was made beautifully, down to the crust. 

Overall, the food is nothing impressive, but I would definitely come back for their extensive and well done cocktail selections as well as the service!笑
The music is great so is the fried chicken and the mac&cheese. The drinks were also very tasty. The vibe here is great!笑
Trendy King West area - sat at the bar and had some of the appetizers.  Overall, very good food. Waiters need to fucking smile for crying out loud.  They seem either too cool to enjoy their job, or need to get over themselves.   The service staff is almost the polar opposite of Prohibition - smile people, enjoy your work.笑
Came here with a group of 6 a few weeks ago on a Friday. Heard mixed reviews but it wasn't really up to me. 

After a drink at the bar, and some awkward maneuvers around the waiter/waitress traffic, we were finally seated at our table. Ordered a few old fashioned(the usual), and it was decent. 

Steak tartare - pretty delish!
Fried Chicken Platters - Crispy, and surprisingly plentiful. 
Scotch eggs - decent, but will not order again. 

Girls got salad? Anyway, if you're heading out with friends and want a bite before hitting the dance floor, Westlodge is a safe bet. 

Great atmosphere, decent food and drink, and a stone's throw away to all the good spots on King West.笑
I'm actually giving this place 3.5 stars, but I don't think I'd go as high as 4.  

I was very excited to try weslodge after trying chef Stuart Cameron's other restaurant Byblos. I was thrilled when I came up on the list for winterlicious. I booked a reservation and went in with three other friends. The place is beautiful! It's a little on the dark side because I like to see my guests but I suppose it's not out of the ordinary for restaurants these days. The upper floor where the bathrooms are has some really cool photos along the wall that I highly suggest checking outs if you go for a stroll up there. Even the frames are really cool and rustic looking. The place is a modern saloon.

The service was very good. The hostess was lovely our server was really nice and a lot of fun. She interacted with us in a positive way despite that we were there for winterlicious which I know often can be a turn off for a lot of servers and sometimes they get cranky, but she was great even offering to take photos for us and let one of our friends try on her vest. 

The food was also very good. I had the scotch egg, which was tasty especially the tomato jam! Was a little on the dry side though. I also had the short ribs which were excellent! Very tasty and the textures on the plate were great. The potato hay was awesome! It was like tiny hickory sticks! For dessert I had the cheesecake the texture was interesting but the taste was nice. I didn't love the peppercorn pieces. My partner and I also also shared a poutine, it was not bad. I don't like jalapeños so I avoided them but he loves them and said it made the dish. Without them I just thought it was okay. Could have been a little tastier or seasoned differently. I'm glad we orders it because in all honesty even with it I still left a bit hungry. The scotch egg was just that one egg. The meal was an okay size although a bit small and the cheesecake was literally two inch by inch squares. 

So for winterlicious don't go starving or don't cheap out and be prepared to pick up a couple apps or sides.  

The drinks were great.  I'm not much of a drinker, but we ordered a few dark and stormy's which were the best ones I've ever had!  Get one!

All in all it was a nice meal. Would I recommend it, ya great please to try. Would I return? Maybe. If I was in the area and wasn't worried about my budget then I suppose I would but I'm not running back. 

But they did have bone marrow on the menu which next time I would definitely try! Yum!笑
Had dinner here a couple of months ago. The food was excellent, the drinks were yummy. Love the setting and decoration. Only complaint was our waitress could have been a bit more friendly.