Ordered diet coke, got coke.  Driver told me they didn't have diet coke.  When I said, why did I leave my number, he said sorry.  Pizza was decentǾ
Didn't answer the phone when I called so I placed the order online. They took 30 mins to even put the stuff in the oven. When delivered, the driver made me come outside in the cold to his car. Waiving me out his window to come to his car after he pulled up. Claiming the hotel wouldn't let him in, I said ok, just hurry up and let me sign my receipt. I regret tipping him. Also the worst prepared pasta bread bowls I've ever got from Dominos. Try a different location. This one sucked.Ǿ
I never had issues with them. Always the delivery was done on time. The staff is very friendly neat and clean. One of my fav stores near my place.Ǿ
If you are ordering from Domino's then you are hankering for that special, simple taste of frozen pizza assembled quickly by teenagers. No fuss, no muss. Not a bad time and never a great time. It is Domino's. End of story.Ǿ
I've never had issues with this place, clean store front, easy ordering, and the carry out deal is awesome!Ǿ
Wish u could give 0 stars. Customer service sucks, delivery takes over an hour even tho I like literally 6 minutes at most so yeah it sucks too. And the pizza is worse than both of the previous mentions. I'd actually pay money to starve before I order from this place. AND THEY DON'T WEAR GLOVES!!!Ǿ
Let me start by saying, if I could give them 0 stars, I would. 1 star is being generous. This is the second time we've had issues with this store and after the time, we stopped ordering for a while but then after about 8 months decided to give them another try. What a mistake. WHAT. A. MISTAKE. they forgot our soda (which happened to be the root of the problem the last time as well), we were told they'd be back with it in an hour. Now, that right there is absurd to me... An hour?! I ordered the soda to go WITH my pizza.. I mean, really?? OK, so an hour comes an goes, we call back and are told that the delivery driver just came and got it and it on his way. A half hour later.. You guessed it, still no soda (we live a mile away, FYI). So we call yet again. The 'shift leader' answers and wants to know who told us he was on his way.. Well, as much as I like to make it a habit to learn all the names of the employees of surrounding businesses, we didn't know who this person was. So let's skip to the real reason for this review. Although there are LOTS of things I could write about and truthfully, probably should, what prompted me to write this review was that the lady on the other end of the phone dropped the F bomb at my husband. And not just once or twice, no no, about 6 times. Was he heated? Yes. I'm not saying he was a doll about the whole thing. But she started swearing and threatening to call the cops on him because he said he was going to just come get it himself. Seriously. Just never ever again. Never. Ever. All we wanted was a soda!Ǿ
Horrible service. Called at 11:30am. I live less than a mile away. I called after am hour and they said it was out for delivery. Nope! Then the guy calls me 20 minutes later bc he can't find the address. I told him to forget it. Not worth the bad pizza. And they obviously deliver but you cannot order online for delivery which I do not understand. I wish I could give them no stars. Like other reviewers stated, they were bad and I thought after a year I would give them another chance. So really I guess this is my mistake. Will not order from here ever again. Horrible.Ǿ
I hate giving bad reviews, but I'm done with this dominos. They take forever to deliver and the pizza is usually over cooked or the order is messed up. Don't waste your time and money on this place.