This place is great. Friendly low key atmosphere. I have been coming here for years and almost always order the Orange Chicken. In my opinion it's the best in town.Ǿ
Really good food for the price. Staff is always smiling and very courteous!Ǿ
Looks scary from the outside, but it is good! I take out way more than I dine in. Every time I order take out, no matter how much I order, it always takes "about ten minute" :-)

The fried rice is the best around, not greasy, just delicious!! I personally like the pork or combo fried rice the best. Huge portion! 

Other faves are happy family, hot and spicy shrimp, and tung-ting shrimp.Ǿ
I love this place


Food is always delicious.  If you come before 4 you can get their lunch specials.  Im in love with their Orange chicken, pork lo mein, showfun and their soup. Everything on their menu is tasty. the waitresses have been here for years they are very fast and friendly.Ǿ
I'd been coming to this place for many years.  
Food is the best in town no doubt!! 
Restaurant it self definitely needs a fixer upper.  But u can over look that once u try their food. My favorite dishes are Orange Chicken and Pork fried rice. But Crab Puffs are the best.  No other restaurant makes them as good.  Lunch time it's the best time to eat here since they serve u combos of ur favorite dishes that include egg drop soup, fried rice, egg roll and a main dish.  But u can definitely feed two out of each combo meal.  Eating in or taking out meals are always freshly made to order and favors are consistent.Ǿ
Big servings ..owner came around and ensured everyone was doing good which is not like most Asian places ...it's ghetto yes in the ghetto yes but it's traditional Chinese family style eating with huge one plate per item servings ..Good foodǾ
There is no other choice when it.comes to Chinese food. I and my family have been coming here for 17 years and there food is the same as it was from day one. The restaurant is family owned and they truely love owning this restaurant. I have tried almost everything on this menu and can never say the dish wasn't delish! Every person I have brought here over the years have made this a regular spot of choice. I have even moved very far from from the restaurant and still will call in the order and carry it out on my way home. Best egg drop I have ever had. If you love authentic Chinese food then this is the place to come hands down. Don't let the exterior fool you its a hidden gem!!!!Ǿ
Best Chinese food in Glendale And the service is great I always order carry out and it's ready within 10min of placing my order. Food taste great and price is right.Ǿ
Awesome doesn't even begin to describe this place! Don't let the exterior deter you from the amazing food and the ridiculously large portions. Our server could barely speak English but it only made the experience more authentic. Even if this were in SF's China Town, it would be my #1 choice!Ǿ
If you go for the food you will love it. The restaurant is a little plain and old looking but the food is amazing, service is great and portions are huge. Great food and great price!Ǿ
My family has been going here for years.  They have updated the exterior. But it is still plain exterior no windows nothing to look at.  BUT THE FOOD is GREAT, the prices are decent too.  I judge a Chinese restaurant on its egg drop soup, egg rolls ( not spring rolls) pops plate, moo goo gai pan (sp) chow mein, Mongolian beef, and beef mushu.  And this restaurant hits all those dishes with Top marks. 
Sometimes the egg rolls can be a little greasy,  and the chicken ones are better in my opinion... But the rest of my family like the regular ones.Ǿ
I've been going here for 20 years. Egg drop soup and hot and sour soup are very good. All their fried food is good. Sweet and Sour pork is my favorite. Their fried rice is great. Only dish we didn't care for are Kung Pow chicken. I love their chicken and veggies over rice lunch. They have the best lunch specials. No refills on soda is a bummer. Sweet and sour pork, fried rice, 2 fried wontons, egg roll, and egg drop soup for $5.50 is hard to beat at lunch.Ǿ
This is such a small hole in the wall place, but when I was living in DC for a while, I missed this place tons. They absolutely have the best Kung Pao ever! Not that spicy, and a lot of food for a cheap price! If you like Kung Pao, like a lot of good food for little price, this is the chinese food place to go! 

Not much of an atmosphere, would suggest taking it home to eat. The "mother" that will most likely be checking you out, has been there for years!

I am getting hungry thinking of their Kung Pao.Ǿ
This is a step above what I was expecting.  The food is consistent.  The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Great place for family dining.Ǿ
Give this place a shot. Yes it looks scary and the inside is about as scary as the outside, but good food comes from places that look like this... All the love and money goes to the food, they don't get caught up in painting, updating or remodeling. It shows too because the food is awesome.

When my family comes from out of town, this is one of the places that's placed on the itinerary to eat at. 

Don't miss out on this place because it looks scary.Ǿ
The place looks like a dive and as we all know, sometimes that is the kind of place that has the best food. If you are a fan of Hot-N-Sour soup, your quest for the best ends here. Order a bowl of it, they make it to order and  it borders on sinful! Wish I could give it 6 stars.....Ǿ
Been a family favorite since i can remember..Best egg drop soup ever as well as best fried rice and sweet and sour chicken..better the panda..this food taste and smells as if it were made homemade...try it out its affordable and taste so good!!Ǿ
I have no doubt that upon viewing the outside of Canton Dragon's building, many a customer has chosen to dine elsewhere. In fact, a couple of my friends are guilty of doing this! (The appearance on the inside isn't much better.) But don't let its appearance fool you. Yes, it is tiny. Yes, it looks uninviting. Yes, if I were the owner I would have relocated a long time ago or at least invested in some massive renovation! However, the inside is clean, and their food is delicious!

Canton Dragon has been a family favorite for many years. They have an excellent selection of entrees to choose from, their lunch prices are fantastic, and the food portions are just right.

My favorite dish is their Sweet and Sour Chicken. I also love their rice. However, I'm not a fan of their eggrolls. During my last visit, I tried their Orange Chicken for the first time. It was tasty, however, I still like their Sweet and Sour Chicken better.

If you're looking for a new place to get some good Chinese food, I highly recommend giving Canton Dragon a try.Ǿ
Pretty good food. They don't deliver but the portions are huge! Nice people who run the place.Ǿ
Huge servings and amazing food. Been eating at this place for years and, even though it doesn't have the best presentation, it's really stood the test of time in my experienceǾ
Yes it doesn't look pleasing but.... it's pretty amazing!  Used to come here when I was a little girl and the food still taste good. Portions are gigantic and enough to fill you up with left overs. Give it a try you won't be disappointed. They just need to give a whole new look to their business and it'll be in tip top shape!Ǿ
Overall an okay place. 

+ Food was cheap.
+ It was pretty good.

- Crab Puffs (they call them 'Angels' here) weren't very good. Why do they insist on making them sweet?
- Our server was very frank and direct (not in a good way). She was just a skoche below the rude marker.
- Drinks were not refilled...

I finished my food so that has to warrant a 3 Star Experience. The food wasn't good, but it wasn't bad either. Right in the middle, but I don't see myself coming back.Ǿ
Good food. Nice service. Prices are reasonable. Can't complain.Ǿ
Don't let the outside of the building, or the drab boring decor fool you. Go to Canton Dragon for the excellent food, and value. This is no fancy, trendy restaurant. This is a family owned and operated restaurant.

Their  dinner menu is quite extensive, and really, there isn't a bad choice in the lot. Very large portions, excellent quality, and fast, albeit tacturn service. This place is usually packed on Friday and Saturday nights, but the wait isn't usually long. My personal favorite dishes are the Beef with Black Mushroom and Bamboo Shoots, Mushu Pork, and the Beef and Scallops. The average price on the dinner menu is probably $8.95. Definately a family restaurant. Don't expect a romantic dinner in a dark corner booth accompanied by soft chinese music. This is more like a "Chinese" diner, filled with happy, well fed locals.

I've been going here with my family and friends for over 20 years. I have never been disappointed!Ǿ
This place has amazing food its sooo good! Definitely recommend for some great take out chinese food but have to knock one star off for the dine in experience. The customer service is tereible. I waited for almost 15 minutes before someone came to take my order and after finally bringing my food i disnt see the waitress again until after my meal despite my empty glass of water. If the layout inside is also a little ragged and worn out looking.Ǿ
Upon reading the Yelp reviews, I had to go here to see if indeed it's a scary place to dine. The restaurant itself has no windows, only the font door as form of outside light. As you come inside the restaurant, you can notice the minimum design on the walls and the never ending red carpet. The first dish, I ate was the hot and sour soup, the meat included in the soup was chewy and tasted old. I didn't eat much of it. As a parallel dish, the subgum shrimp tasted fresh, I liked the fresh vegetables in the dish. Overall, it's a typical Chinese American restaurant.Ǿ
Pretty good little place to eat we usually get the sweet and sour chicken, egg rolls, & crab Angels I've tried other things but usually always order the usual stuff always pretty good too no complains.Ǿ
My family and I have been coming here for over 20 years. Their customer service is atrocious, but I have yet to have a better sizzling rice soup elsewhere. They have decent lunch specials, but they do charge for their over-watered drink refills. The sauces in their dishes are tasty, but the meat is questionable; it's chewy and perhaps a bit old. Overall an okay hole in the wall restaurant. 

Three stars for the overall quality and flavor of the food, they also serve your food very quickly. As for the customer service if I could give negative stars I would.Ǿ
As you read all the reviews yes, it is a whole in the wall.  Now that that is said, is there anything better? I've been getting take out from here since I was 9 years old with my parents (I'm 30 now).Same owners and recipes are the same.  Now I get to enjoy a traditional favorite that I enjoyed with grandparents to the table I share with my own kids.  I have been ordering the shrimp fried rice, which never disappoints. Husband orders the beef and broccoli and kids get the orange chicken.  Their crab puffs are delicious too. Try it, you won't regret.Ǿ
I used to love to eat here (and order take-out) when I worked on that side of town.  I've never had dinner there, but their lunch specials can't be beat!

First of all, it's kinda hard to find as it's, like, a little hole-in-the-wall dwarfed by a much larger Goodyear store; however it's much larger than it looks from the outside.

The lunch menu has a number of different entrees to choose from, and while I have my favorites, they're all good.

The portion sizes are huge!  Most of the lunch specials are served with fried rice (I don't really like their fried rice, so I'll usually order steamed with my lunch), egg drop soup with chicken, fried wontons (I think these actually have negative nutritional value), and an egg roll.  They do have a handful of selections that are served over steamed rice and when it's served to you, it's like this huge pile of deliciousness.

While the food is made to order, it arrives at your table before you've had a chance to finish your soup - it's fresh and piping hot!

I've had friends ask me to pick up some take-out for them when I'm on that side of town.  The most popular dish they ask me to bring back is Mongolian Beef, which is a huge portion of thinly sliced beef mixed with scads of green onions.

I love the chicken with vegetables over rice.  The white sauce is light and doesn't overpower the veggies, which are cooked, but still retain a nice crispness.  If I'm feeling a little more oink-like, I'll opt for their sweet & sour chicken.  The pieces of chicken are lightly battered and deep fried, then topped with a light sweet & sour sauce.  I like this sauce because it's not too sweet and they don't add so much that the chicken is swimming in it and the breading absorbs it all - ick.  They top it off with large chunks of bell pepper, onions, carrots, and sweet pineapple.  Yumminess!

While I don't eat fried wontons and I'm not crazy about egg rolls, their egg drop soup is one of the best I've had.

A couple of things I don't like, though, are that their sodas don't come with free refills and if you order take-out, it doesn't come with soup.  

Still, this place is definitely worth a try...Ǿ
Will not come back...  this place has no windows? Decoration is outdated. Looks scary in there. Food, I didn't like.Ǿ
They have the best Chinese food in the valley, much better than PF. I always get their take out, but I do recommend dining in as everything is fresher. This place has been a family staple for a long time. So sad to see them go though (although not for some time). Hopefully they will open up somewhere else, when their lease is up. But until then get over there and get some good grub and spread the word!Ǿ
Best Chinese in the area fast friendly service and delicious and very economical and you get your moneys worth here I go there a lot never have I been dissatisfied in any aspect . the ladies there are so nice to every customer and the food is just amazing :) I hope this place stays around for a long time ! If they would update the appeance of the place I think people would be more attracted to try it they have no idea what they're missing I'm glad I gave it a shot I don't regret it :)Ǿ
I used to really love this place. It has been open for years so that says a lot about them. However, the last few times I have eaten there, I have gotten sick. I think they leave their meat out. The last few times I have eaten the shrimp fried rice, it tasted like it was rotten, but that they used it anyway.Ǿ
Love this place great service, large portions . The food was on point! My new go to spot.Ǿ
Straight up and down... I'm 32 years old and I've been eating at this place since I was probably 8 or 9 years old. Some of the same ladies that absolutely run this place, are still there. Yes, the place is a dive in terms of appearance but if you are looking for something pretty, then go eat some wack snowbird food at some Chinese "Bistro" and enjoy sucking at life. Canton Dragon has authentic Chinese offerings, as well as Americanized entrees that have become staples amongst the average diner. As a kid, I didn't know the difference between traditional Cantonese or Szechuan cooking, so I formed my favorites with an unfamiliar tongue. General Tso's Chicken is a pretty americanized dish, but I promise you... this place makes the golden standard as far as I'm concerned. I measure every single plate of General Tso that I encounter, based on my experience at Canton Dragon and not a single one from here, to NY and in between can come close. It's just basic chicken fritters, battered and fried, served with lots of onions in a sweet and spicy, chili garlic sauce. The batter, and also the bed of onions, NOT BROCCOLI, is where the success lies. Must try... They also have the best Egg Rolls I've ever had. Ask for house chinese mustard on the side... The Szechuan Beef is another staple on my table at Canton Dragon... Julienne chopped veggies and thinly slices beef in an incredible savory and spicy sauce. I often ask for it extra spicy but I am a fire eater, so I plan on asking for chili sauce or oil to use as well. If it ain't hot enough... ask for some friggin hot sauce... Lastly, their egg drop soup is a tremendous cure for a gnarly hangover. This place is a gem in the AZ desert. Running strong for MANY years... Do yourself the favor. 

 Oh, and if you are a snowbird putz, then you can try their PV/Scottsdale Location and pay the same price for smaller portions, made ALMOST as well as the OG. It get's props because it's owned by the same family though!!!!.

Support AZ business, and buy local!Ǿ
I am not a Chinese expert by any means but I thought this was a really good lunch spot. Sketchy looking for sure, but fast, friendly service and the food was really good. I had the moo goo gai pan lunch special. All the veggies were really fresh. Chicken, of course, looked questionable but I've never had Chinese food with "good" chicken. Fried rice was good although no eggs or veggies in it. Egg drop soup very salty but good and the egg roll was crispy. All for $6. I'll definitely be back.Ǿ
First time here and will probably be my last. The food was alright. More like meh. I ordered the teriyaki chicken and it was a little bland. My boyfriend ordered salt and pepper shrimp and he really liked it. 

The restaurant isn't as scary as everyone thought but the decor is very simple like all white walls and yes there are no windows. The waitress took our order and only came back to ask if we needed a box and then left us a check. Also, a beetle just flew onto the table.Ǿ
This is by far my favorite Chinese food place but then again I'm a little bit biased because I've been coming to this place since I was 3 years old and I'm now 26 years old. My dad is a retired Phoenix police officer and him and his friends used to eat here all the time since the place opened. Yes it does need a lot of updating on the inside there are no windows it may look wrong but it's a great place with great food and they give you a lot of food.Ǿ
Came here on my way home in a hurry to feed my family. Ordered food to go which didn't take long. The food was really good we had ordered pork fried rice, happy family,  chow fun, and sweet and sour chicken all were delicious just like my favorite restaurant. Definitely coming back.Ǿ
Orange chicken and Lo Mein are exquisite! I come from Lynwood, California where the Chinese food is pretty darn good. This is the closest I can get to that. I love their crab angels because they don't skimp on the yummy cream cheese!!  

I love coming here for lunch because you get the most bang out of your buck. Don't miss out on this lovely restaurant.Ǿ
This place has been a favorite for years! Popo platter for the appetizer and general tso lo mein for the plate.  This place has the best egg rolls I've ever had at any Chinese restaurant.Ǿ
Don't be fooled by the low prices. The food was pretty good and the servings are HUGE! Each serving could easily feed two. My only complaint is that I asked them to make my meal "extra spicy" and it wasn't spicy at all. I would definitely go back.Ǿ
So I've been coming here for over 10 years and I finally decided to write a review. I have so many good things to say about Canton Dragon I've tried just about everything on the menu and loved all of it. When I think good chinese food I think of this place. Good tasting food in big portions and small prices. The staff is always the same because its a family ran restaurant   and sometimes they could be a little rude but I'm so used to it I think its funny. I go out of my way to eat there.