I was super ecstatic that another fish and chips joint opened up. Wife and I had the twin pack which was an order of 2 tilapia, 1 fried pineapple ring, beer battered chips and an order of calamari per person. We also ordered a side of fried oysters and two drinks all for 20 dollars. The batter was nice and crispy, fried just right and the fish tasted great. The owner who's a really nice guy came by our table and dropped off a couple of tubs with ketchup and tartar sauce and the table had a bottle of malt vinegar.  

Overall I say I hope the place makes it.  Good, simple made to order fried goodness (you have an option to have it grilled) in a clean environment.

Price is good, food is good so we'll be back.Ǿ
Best fish n chips in the Charlotte area. Even Big Ben pales in comparison. I recommend upgrading to the cod just to get a more authentic flavor. Batter was top notch, all pieces were crisp and not soggy whatsoever. The calamari was excellent and not one piece was rubbery. They even had Ceylon tea 'juice' boxes which are a personal Chinese favorite of mine. Huge bang for your buck and you'll leave stuffed. Tartar sauce is made on the premises. We'll be back.Ǿ
Fish and chips is one of my all time favorites, so when we heard about this place we had to try it out. My wife and I took my grandparents along, knowing it would be a pleasant surprise of nostalgia for my British grandmother whose family owned a fish and chip shop in England decades ago. All four of us ordered the cod meal with straight chips (waffle is an option). The fish was battered and cooked perfectly, and the chips (aka fries) were as well. Everything had that great crunch to it you'd expect from good fish and chips, which so many restaurants don't pull off well. We spoke to the owner and he was very friendly.  We will definitely be back!Ǿ
Best fish & chips in Charlotte. Everything is made by customer.
Personally I recommend the snapper (grill or fry) strongly, that's the best fish I ever had. 
For the seafood lover, the size of shrimp and scallop are pretty large, worth for the price.

Waiting time is about 5-8 mins, but the food comes out in hot and fresh.Ǿ
(8/31/16)  I decided  to  try  Aussie  again for dinner. I went over there a little  after  8pm. There wasn't  anyone  in the parking  lot  on that side of the shopping  center. There was no one in the restaurant  except  the  owners. There was a sign outside saying that they now had flounder. I decided  to  try  it. I ordered  the  flounder  and asked  them to make it large for an extra dollar. I had hoped to get 3 pieces of fish instead  of  2, but what I got instead was a lot of french  fries. I also  ordered  a  spring roll. 

The fish was moist and flaky and piping  hot. The fries were good two. The spring rolls, I   received  2 instead  of  one, were  just gluey. I know that there was some sort of lettuce  in there but all I  could taste was dough. I won't  be  ordering  them again. I got my little tubs of ketchup  and tarter sauce. All in all it was a good filling meal. I  also got a regular  size lemonade.Ǿ
Stopped into eat here with my girlfriend and we split one of the platters and it was plenty of food. The scallops were great. My girlfriend had the pineapple fritters and said they were awesome.Ǿ
The food is good! I like that you can chose from several kinds of fish. The food portion is larger than I expected.Ǿ
Fresh fish, made to order, served piping hot with some of the best fries I've ever had! Even the dipping sauce was perfectly on point! These fish n chips are definitely a showstopper! We will be seeing you soon!Ǿ
Andy was energetic and gave great service. The batter is delicious and everything was cooked to order. The decor is slack and the place seems a bit questionable but the food was delicious and priced well for the value!Ǿ
So, this is a newer mom & pop type fast food fish place. I ordered the cod & chips with a drink & it was about $9. They do fry it fresh while you wait so it is hot and fresh. The thing that I'm not crazy about is that they fry it right up front by the cash register. I prefer not to see or hear the grease frying in the kitchen. You can choose from lots of different types of fish and also waffle or regular fries. I chose regular fries and they are battered, which was okay but also not my favorite. I prefer a 5- guys type of skin-on French fry. The cod was cooked perfectly with a crispy batter topped with salt and pepper. Delicious. There was almost no one there at noon except me & a couple dudes. If people don't give these guys a try, they will be gone so I suggest that you come on in. It's a great value if you like fish. I believe they can also grill it if you prefer.Ǿ
My husband and I  wanted to try this place based on the reviews.  We stopped in on a Friday night.  

Upon entering we were greeted with smiles.  The menu is up on a board on the wall. Very clear, visible.  The restaurant was clean. They have good size TV too. 

For your fish selection there are several types.  Snapper, cod, whiting and others. It was cooked to order, came fresh fried and hot. The Chips were delicious. The fish was good, although I preferred my husbands cod to my snapper, though that's just a taste preference. Everything is better with malt vinegar, though they have cocktail and tartar sauces.Ǿ
I LOVE fish and chips and I will drive a long way to eat well executed examples of this dish. 

What was listed on my Garmin as a one hour trip turned into almost a two hour sojourn with Charlotte's horrendous traffic. I-77 South was moving so slowly at one point, 25 mph, that I momentarily forgot that I was on an interstate. 

Aussie Fish & Chips is easy to find and convenient to citizens of Huntersville, Mooresville, and Charlotte.

The restaurant is located at the end of a strip mall so parking is plentiful.

When I arrived I was the only patron in the restaurant. This didn't make me feel overly optimistic about being there.

I ordered fish and chips made with with Pollock, which is the best fish for this dish and the one used most predominantly in the UK. The young Asian male employee said, "that particular fish in no longer available." They've only been open a few weeks! Jeez!  

Not to be dissuaded after an almost two hour drive....I asked, "what about cod?" Since cod is the fish normally used for fish and chips in most of the USA, it was not surprising that this was available.

The young man took my payment, ($9 something) and then proceeded to prepare my meal. He was the only employee in the fairly large restaurant. 

This place does a fair rendition of a UK chippie. The only thing missing was the fish wrapped in newspaper. An order of fish and chips comes with two pieces of fish, battered chips (French fries), and a regular (rather large) soda. 

Since my meal was made from scratch it arrived at my table sizzling hot, which is always a good thing. There was a container of tartar sauce for the fish, catsup for the fries, and a lemon wedge. 

Plastic knives and forks and plastic straws and napkins were located next to the soda dispenser.

Fish? 
Tasty. Crispy. Perfectly fried. Not greasy. The two fillets were adequately sized. I applied a squeeze of lemon to both fish. Being a fish & chips purist I also applied a generous amount of malt vinegar. They use Heinz malt vinegar here. I managed to scrounge up two almost empty bottles. These were the only two bottles in the dining area.  

Chips?
The thin cut French fries were lightly battered and just delicious. It is almost worth coming here for the French fries alone. Yes, they were THAT good. The portion size was large as well. It's rare when I enjoy the chips as much as the fish, but I consider that a good thing. 

Soda?
Self serve dispenser with Coca-Cola products. Dr. Pepper. Mello Yello. Etc.

Cleanliness? 
95.5%. The rating could and should be better since this is a new restaurant. https://public.cdpehs.com/NCENVPBL/INSPECTION/ShowESTABLISHMENTPage.aspx?ESTABLISHMENT=178327&esttst_cty=60

I used the men's room after my long drive and it was acceptably clean.

Their front door was badly in need of some Windex and paper towels - a pet peeve of mine. 

Random Thoughts......

They have a big flat screen TV on the back wall above the doors to the rest rooms, but the picture is intermittent. It looks like they use a satellite provider. 

All in all, I enjoyed the food. Would I do the two hour drive again? Heck no, but I would definitely make a point to stop by if I were passing on I-77. This place has as good or better fish & chips than some dedicated, upper scale, UK themed restaurants in the area. 

http://www.aussiefishchips.com/#menuǾ
Awesome fish and onion rings!! You can tell it's battered fresh! I will definitely recommend this place and come back!!Ǿ
Very good, made to order fried or grilled fish. They have several kinds on the menu, but ask if the fish you like is not listed. They might just have it. I lucked out and found flounder. Place was clean, and staff was friendly.