Fancy looking but
Bartender is a douchebag
Drinks usually suck.笑
100% only worth going to when the deck is open.  As an undergrad, I hated this place unless the weather was nice and I had a good group with me.  There's often drunk kids falling over and breaking things.  As a grown person, I have the same feelings...I've only stopped here twice or so for an afternoon beverage.  It's okay before 7pm.笑
PCaf is/was really nice since it has been renovated, and kudos to the owners for really trying to bring some variety to Oakland bars.  Unfortunately, you can't change the standard crowd of college kids spilling drinks, breaking shit, and throwing up.  The decor is nice and the bar has a nice atmosphere, especially on weekdays where it isn't packed too full.  Drinks on special are reasonably priced and will totally get you drunk, but off special get ready to drop some cash.  Luckily, the specials are plentiful, even on saturdays.  The beer selection on tap sucks, but the bottle selection is decent...I'd still say stick to liquor here.

The food is great for an Oakland bar for sure...but also is kind of steep price-wise.  The service is pretty dependent on the night for sure, but for the most part, I've never had a bad experience with their service.  

The outdoor deck is nice and doesn't exist anywhere else here in collegeland...having a drink out here is one of my favorite things to do on an early evening.  The dance floor is hit-or-miss, but also a rarity here.

BOTTOM LINE:  Trying to be classier than most South Oakland bars, sort of succeeding.  Good for a nice night out, as long as you time it so you're not there on a Thurs-Fri-Sat night, where you will find the traditional Oakland crowd (which may be what you want, who am I to judge).  Overall a fun place to be!笑
NOTE : they have just been shut down / closed / seized by the County Sherriffs office for non-payment of the drink tax .   RIP, PGH Cafe.笑
Step 1: Check the weather.  Make sure it's a nice, summery evening. 
Step 2: Arrive at PCaf with a large group of friends.
Step 3: Sit out on the deck.
Step 4: Order drinks and a heckload of wings.
Step 5: GO TO TOWWWWWN.