I had the Say You Miss Me Sandwich, beef brisket, tasted amazing. Cost $6.50 and was a healthy portion, and you can add 3 toppings. 

The menu has a wide variety of sandwiches, some pastry options, and a friendly staff. 

Great place to have lunch.笑
Been waiting 2 years for something new to come along down here and finally Blue Sky Blue Sandwiches takes up residence at 333 King St.  
What promised to be a fresh, different, exciting and new lunch experience, unfortunately fails to deliver on most fronts.  While the flavours are there and the Sammie's are very tasty and made to order, some things just cannot be overlooked. 
Not the least of which is the time it takes to get served and in turn, get your meal.  Even when arriving at 2pm (well beyond the regular lunch rush), it took 22 mins from the time I walked in till the time I left with my half Sammie and small soup!   
There's got to be a better system, right?  Well... Order ahead sounds like that might help.  You'd think. Not so. You may actually save a few minutes but my experiences beg to differ.
Love the flavours and combos available, but the long wait times and large price tags leave a bad taste in this mans mouth.笑
Love me some Sky Blue Sky. Been a while since stopping into the Annex location and found myself in the King St East stretch this weekend and had to stop in. While I'll admit that the pulled pork wasn't as delicious as I once remembered it to be, it was still a tasty and well sized sandwich that met my lunch needs.
This location is obviously newer and cleaner, and I will say that I enjoyed the live musician they had performing in the store while I nom'ed away on my sandwich. An all around pleasant experience.笑
This place definitely lives up to their hype! The ingredients are all fresh and prices aren't too bad considering the quality of the sandwiches and salads. A must go!笑
If you  have not been here yet, you are missing out. A huge selection of healthy sandwiches, soups and salads, made to order. Will please all dietary requirements, from full vegan to carnivorous.  (A nice surprise: they have the BEST hot dogs in the city!!) Just watch the hours - they are not open terribly late nor on Sundays. But with the number of condos opening soon nearby, I hope they will expand their hours.笑
Right off the bat. The environment was unique. I went with black bull nova, it was a good sandwich, something had sweet but good taste to it. I wouldnt count it as grilled cheese but a good sandwich deserve praise. Semi filling and price would allow me to try to sandwiches next time and night fill me

I probably be back

The downside was the cookie, lack favour, it wasn't bad but it wasn't good either笑
I like the vibes, I like the idea of a soup and sandwich place, but the times I've gone into order food, I am overwhelmed with a smell that just doesn't seem right.  The sandwiches are okay at best.笑
I just want to try the sandwich here.  It looks huge and delicious and there was a big line up when I was here last time.  However, the wait time for the sandwich was a little ridiculous.  I waited for more than 15 minutes for a sandwich and the place was not even packed.  I hope their sandwich will make up for the wait; otherwise, I won't ever coms back to this place again.  The sandwich I purchased was for $8.59 with tax which is kind of pricey.  The lady serving me had a stone face expression, and definitely very unfriendly.  I don't understand why it is voted to have the best sandwich.  

There were a lot of flies flying around the place also.  Flies are like, here I come food.  I took a picture of one of the flies. Lol!

The sanwich tasted okay.  It was proscuitto, blue cheese with asian pears.  I think the flavour combo works well.  I think I would really need to craze for a unique sanwich before I would ever come to this place.笑
I went there for the first time and was expecting a great sandwich since the reviews are very positive and the place is hugely popular.  I ordered half a Hey Chicken sandwich, which was just the right size and only cost me $5.  I asked for it on whole wheat bread. The chicken was pulled white meat and not processed, which I liked.  The flavour was nothing special. What really turned me off however was the soft squishy bread which became soggy due to moist sandwich fillings.  In a trendy place like this I was expecting a quality chewy bread.  If you like soft bread of the Wonderbread variety you won't be disappointed.笑
So so so good. Can't say enough about this place. Always fresh. Always delicious. The place gets SUPER busy at lunch and therefore it can sometimes take a while to get your order, but that's hardly their fault. They're popular cause their food is so good. BTW, order the Kingpin. Best pulled pork sandwich in Toronto.笑
maybe its the hype... but it was pretty good here.  i got the combo which includes a soup and half a sandwich... it just hits the spot for lunch. 7 dollars was not bad considering i get a big bowl of soup  

clean hipster kinda joint.  feels like an open cafe but instead of making drinks they are making sandwiches.  tastes pretty good... the carrot ginger soup i got was a little too spicy but tasted good.  everything tasted pretty good.   only downside is it does takes quite a while to make the food... its not fast food... they make your sandwhich for you right when you order.  a line up can build up very quickly because each sandwich turnover time is so high.笑
I love this place for lunch or picking up food for a picnic. I got a massive sandwich and it wasn't that much money! So many choices. The staff were organized and nice!! I felt like I was buy from a nice family run place.  This isn't subway people. I will go back again and again.....So good!!!!笑
How can you not like a place that has bacon and avocado at no extra cost? My only minor complaint is sometimes the sandwiches are the size of your head (which is awesome!), but they can also be kinda paltry at times. Other than that great spot.笑
The place is located in somewhat of a quiet part of town where there aren't many lunch options. But once get to the restaurant, its packed inside. The people are friendly and they do a good job asking what you like and then recommend a sandwich. Prices are also fairly reasonable and definitely cheaper than financial district. Wait times are somewhat on the longer side, but not totally unreasonable. 

However, despite how others rave about this place, it didn't really do it for me. I respect what they stand for: hand made, non-generic sandwiches, but it really wasn't that tasty. I had the king pin sandwich with avocado. On paper this sounded like a great sandwich, but it didn't turn out to be great. The sandwich was big, but lacked flavor. The pulled pork was very wet and made the sandwich overall very soggy. It was difficult to eat; I had to eat it very gingerly to avoid getting it all over my shirt. Is there another sandwich to get that would change my mind?笑
Great sandwiches at a great price. One of the best lunch options in the area.

I don't go out for lunch often, because I am a cheap bastard, but when I do I am looking for something tasty, cheap, filling and not overly unhealthy. Of course not many places can fit this bill over all those categories but I believe sky blue sky sandwiches to be one such place.

I haven't tried all of their sandwiches, but I should. But the ones I have tried are great. All sandwiches come with an extra 3 choices of toppings. The brisket is amazing with pickles for some acid, jalapeños for some kick, and bacon for some extra crunch. The bread they use is like a mix of challah and Italian. It's white. It's soft. It's fresh. At the end they put all the sandwiches through a panini press.

File this place under tasty amazing lunches under 10 dollars. Totally recommend.笑
Cute, hipster-y kind of restaurant. Good for lunch, as their prices are pretty reasonable (about $5-7 for a sandwich). Other than that, nothing too special - I had the Say You Miss Me sandwich which is apparently quite popular. It was pretty good, with beef brisket, swiss cheese, sauteed onions, mushrooms, and barbecue sauce. Apparently you can customize it, but I didn't know that when I ordered and the girl at the cash didn't bother asking me if I wanted to add any toppings. She seemed kind of bored/unimpressed, so I would say service was kind of lacking here. I came around 2:30 PM on a week day and there were a couple orders in front of me, probably had to wait about 10 minutes or so to get my sandwich. I don't think the sandwich was good enough to warrant waiting for a long time during the lunch time rush though.笑
My fave - How to fight loneliness!
Gets really busy around lunch time, long line, long wait. The sandwiches are good tho!笑
Stumbled into here on a Saturday while there was some live music playing. The service was wonderful and they were able to accommodate several food allergies, including offering to make a new sauce for a sandwich, omitting an ingredient that was problematic. What service! And shows how well they know their ingredients. The sandwiches were fantastic and the environment adorable.笑
One of Toronto's hidden gems! Absolutely delicious sandwiches and soups, coffee is always fresh and tasty, and the team is awesome!笑
While walking down King Street, I could not help but notice this pleasant aroma. My nose was constantly sniffing and next thing I knew... I ended up at this sandwich joint! I really liked how they named all of their signature sandwiches (ie. "How to fight loneliness" - obviously there is bacon in it). It adds to the 'uniqueness' of the place!

I tried the Kingpin (Pulled Pork), Hey Chicken (Pulled Chicken Breast) and Say You Miss Me (Braised Beef Brisket). My favorite is the pulled pork as it is so tender and rich in flavour. Really great spot for lunch. The prices are very reasonable and the portions are very generous! Will definitely come back if in the area.笑
The sandwiches here are insanely good. I've had the "A.M." breakfast one more times than not -- it's a super-packed frittata with bacon, avocado, onions, and cheese baked between bread. It's a no-brainer to start your morning.

If I don't hit the place in time for breakfast I tend to grab the ELT (veggie eggplant) or the Rising Red Lung (tuna melt). Both quality selections and quite filling. They have about 30 sandwiches to choose from, which can be a little overwhelming if you're indecisive like me. I would say half the menu is vegetarian as well, so bonus points for being veggie friendly.

I've also had some of their baked goods, soup, and coffee -- all very good as well, and the large coffee is massive even for a java junkie like me. Make sure to grab a frequent customer card -- 10th sandwich is free!

Only complaint about this place are the hours. Closes at 6:30pm on weekdays and closed on Sundays, which is the time I crave that breakfast sandwich most to help nurse a Saturday night hang over.笑
WORST PLACE EVER!! I dont know how many times they can mess up an order. Just because they always mess up my order i have decided to go with the most simple sandwich a grilled cheese!! There was basically no cheese in the grilled cheese, i actually wanted to take it back but because i was running into a meeting i didnT have the time to go back (and it takes them 30 minutes to do a sandwich anyways) and when i opened the sandwich - A DISASTER! This place is always inconsistent, last time i got a sandwich they forgot to put the avocado in, today when i got the soup i asked twice did you put a spoon in and the server said yes - there was no spoon in the bag.. One of my colleagues got the couscous and it smelled very bad - ans she couldn't eat it. Such a waste of my time and money never ever going back.笑
I live near the west location and love it, so I was excited to see this one when I started working in the neighbourhood. 

LOVE the sandwiches, and love the prices, but the staff could work on being a bit more appropriate. The loud conversation 3 feet away from me about "the guy who trained me at my last job was such a coke head dude" while I read the menu wasn't really what I felt like listening to as a customer. Not the end of the world, but still a little off putting. 

**Note: I'm in my 20s and work in a relaxed environment so I'm not an uptight jerk. Those topics are cool to gab about in the back, just watch it on the floor. 

Still worth a visit though. Just keep your headphones in.笑
I had a Hey Chicken sandwich as an early dinner and I don't think I'll be hungry at all later tonight. That was a monster sandwich and delicious too. What blew me away was the fact that it was not messy despite the amount of stuff between the bread slices. Everything was well cooked and the bread was delicious. If I have to complain about anything it's that it took longer than I expected to get my meal. Not a big deal considering how fresh it tasted and how filling it was. Thumbs up!笑
Been here several times. The food is good and its fresh but I haven't been crazy about their bread.  I decided to try another sandwich one day, so I came in and ordered the one which was a tuna melt (i forget the exact name of it) and spinach salad.  The sandwich itself was terrible.   It was dry, I mean the tuna had no dressing, and cheese inside was mediocre, I don't know if it was cheddar or what, probably not high quality cheese in any case.  Their bread (which was plain white) also dry and the crust was burnt, it had also been excessively flattened by the sandwich press.  I've had burnt crust on several previous occasions which makes me hate their bread.  But this sandwich I ordered was the worst one I had at this location. I was disappointed.  I hope they read these reviews and make improvements to their food.  I like the idea of this place.笑
I was looking for a lunch spot in the area and this one got great reviews so we decided to try it.  I have mixed feelings but I will say I'll go back to try it a second time.

I had a hard time picking a choice because there were so many.  I was hoping for a soup/sandwich combo but none of the daily soups interested me.  Instead I chose the Hey Chicken sandwich, and my friend an apple/havarti one.  Hers took much longer to make than mine, despite her ordering first.  Mine was good but had too much chicken (yes, it's possible) and not enough of the rest of the ingredients.  I might as well have been eating chicken and bread. 

Overall, it just didn't taste great but I understand that it's popular and likely deserves another shot.笑
This place is pretty crap. They are severely understaffed on a Saturday, and I found two gnarly long hairs in my soup. It took 40 minutes to get a sandwich made. They also have the worst attitudes - rude service. Never go here.笑
Great prices, delicious and fresh. We tried the breakfast sandwich which we found to be really. The brisket was good too but not as good as the breakfast one. Brewed coffee is really good too, especially for a place that's not a coffee shop. 
Will come back again if I want a filling and fresh sandwich.笑
While the staff were kind and friendly, the items well priced and the restaurant cute, I won't be coming back to eat here again. 

The sandwich menu was overwhelming with two pages. I like options as much as the next but it took a long time to find something to eat and I ended up ordering off menu anyways (sorry guys! I just wanted a grilled cheese with bacon). I added bacon jalapeño and onions to a grilled cheese and asked for it on the cheese bread. My fiancée ordered the heavy metal. He enjoyed his food but unfortunately I took a bite out of everything I ordered and that was it (sandwich soup cucumber salad)

The sandwich wasn't on the cheese bread and the insides were cold. Bummer. I tried the soup and it was alright but tasted like it was from a can. Pass. The salad I was excited for, but it didn't impress. Chunks of cucumber with a blob of some sort if sweet and sour jelly on top and a lot for dry mint. Lacklustre. 

Like I said my fiancée liked his food and I sent him home with all of mine. I ended up taking a cab to Ravi's soup to get take out before work.笑
tl:dr - w00t! I get to claim another FIRST! Anyhow, delicious sandwiches and soup with equally delightful names for their sandwiches that match the vibe and personality of the sandwich shop. If you're in Corktown and have a hankering for sandwiches - GO HERE!

They opened up two weeks ago, and not surprisingly they had a line-up that lasted for well over half an hour.  I was committed to getting their sandwiches after 10 minutes, because I am unimpressed with the lunch offerings around the King East area.

In the two weeks since they first opened I went there twice, and you're looking at around $10'ish for a full sandwich and small soup.

The first time around I had their "Say You Miss Me" Sandwich, which featured brisket, sauteed onions, swiss cheese and mushrooms. I definitely missed this sandwich...

In addition to the sandwich, I had their clam chowder. mostly out of curiousity.  It was tasty, butI don't know enough about chowders to say anything definitive about it.

The second time around I had their "We're just friends" sandwich which had smoked chicken, swiss cheese and sauteed onions along with a red pepper pepper spread.  A friend winning combo... if only we could be more than just that..

To top it off, I had their tomato basil soup - delicious and hit the spot.

If you're ever in the area and have a hankering for sandwich and soup, Sky Blue Sky sandwiches is a sandwich powerhouse that you won't soon forget.笑
Best sandwiches I've eaten! Generous with the portions and topping and tastes delicious! I can't remember the exact sandwich that I got (since I visited here about 3 months ago) but it was delicious. They had a band playing some live music, even though it was a pretty small restaurant with limited seating. It was a nice atmosphere and a good spot for a casual lunch time date.

I will by stopping by when I'm in the area again.笑
Too much hype over this place. There are only a few places to get a decent meal in the area. But I would not recommend this one. The wait was just too long that we had to change our order to take out. We were on our lunch break (30 mins) and it took longer then that to just get our order. They just don't seem very organized and know how to handle large rush of people who need to get in and out. My friend ordered right after me and he got his food 15 mins after me. He just ordered a veggie sandwich. We both ordered a sandwich and soup combo and the soup was disappointing. No heartiness or ingredients...it was just...liquid. Not worth the price. Would I come back? Probably not.笑
My friend and I had gone window shopping and were looking for some food close to where she lived so we found this place, which one of her friends highly recommended. As you could tell by the name, this eatery specializes in sandwiches and good healthy quality sandwiches. The interior is a casual social house that is good for groups of people looking for a place for hanging out and having group meetings. You order your food at the counter just like in a mall food court but their system for ordering is pretty old fashioned, which I thought was an awesome blend with the trendy interior of this eatery. They handwrite your order on colored sheets of paper. 

I don't remember the name of the sandwich I got but I remember that it was meatless and had portobello mushrooms, guacamole, sauces and various seasonings. It tasted like it was freshly prepared on the spot and it was a perfect portion for a light eater like myself. It was warm and melted in my mouth. However, I found it had a bit of kick with the black pepper but maybe it's because I just never developed a taste for anything with spices. 

Pros:
Pricing was reasonable for the sandwich portion I had and the lady who took our order was friendly and seemed to love her job and was very passionate about their business. Also, the names of the sandwiches on their menu have hilarious titles.

Cons:
 It would be nice, however, if they had the option of having a sandwich combo with a drink and choice of side. Right now, all items are ordered a la carte. Also, this place closes at 8pm on a Fri night, which I found unusual for an eatery/social hangout that is located in the heart of a busy downtown Toronto area. 
 
Overall, I enjoyed our experience here and may come back some time to try their other sandwiches.笑
Their sandwiches are hefty and they have great specials where you can pair a half sandwich with a soup. The ingredients are fresh and tasty and the combinations are endless. The staff is friendly, though the wait time can be exponential if you go at noon. I wish they wouldn't press the sandwiches for so long. I always cut my gums on the sharp, hard crusts.笑
I tried Sky Blue Sky for the first time the other day, and unfortunately, the experience was less than stellar. I bought the sandwich/salad combo. I chose the pulled pork sandwich and the chick pea tzatziki salad. I took one bite of the salad and knew it had gone bad. I asked for a new salad, the employee looked skeptical but let me choose another salad with a smile. I picked the couscous/sundried tomato salad and, well, it had gone bad as well. 
I didn't even bother to ask for another - I just threw it in the garbage. 

On my way out, I saw the employee try the salad I returned. She made a sour face and immediately threw it out.

Won't be coming back here.笑
absolutely delicious
I had the avocado bree cheese !!!!笑
2.5 came here on a tuesday afternoon.  quite busy long lines long wait tines.  they need more staff for.it to functiom better.  however the convept is nice quaint and quirky sandwhich soup salad vinbe with unique sandwhich names.
it also does well because of the area.  its next to george brown they offer that homemade feel..which os rare these days.  the staff drfinately works hard to get through the line... but yeah...seems like they need more hands on deck for heavy traffic times.

sandwhich was alright.  not overly impressed but willing to try other options and come back.
price was great.笑
This place is incredible!!! I had the hey chicken and my boyfriend had the kingpin - not only was it so cheap but it was also massive and delicious!! You don't need to get the soup. Highly recommend!!笑
I'm not usually a big fan of sandwiches, but needed a quick bite one day and thought I'd settle for this place.  And I'm so glad I did!  I had a sandwich that was stuffed with avocado, tomato and gooey cheese that was melted on using a panini press.  It was very filling and delicious.  My biggest critique is that soft drinks were pricey compared to the sandwiches, but otherwise, it was pretty affordable笑
BIG!! That's the best way to describe the experience here. The sandwich was big, and the cookie was big. 

Let's talk about the sandwich - I had the blue sky sandwich. Big bread slices, big chunks of chicken, big slices of big bacon, with tomato lettuce and spivey mayo. What's not to like? It was delicious and a little messy.

The cookie was peanut butter and chocolate chip. It was very big and sweet. Honesty with the sandwich being so big I am not sure that I needed the cookie but on the other hand, yeah I did.

And especially because the prices are reasonable I highly recommend this place!笑
Extremely disorganized after being open for so long, no efforts to improve process, poor management and lose orders frequently. Incompetent staff - at making sandwiches. I'm finally done with it...笑
An oasis. Fresh and healthy (or not...your choice) food. Huge choice and willing to cater to needs. Economical. Clean. Pleasant service by kind folk run and work the place.笑
This place is amazing not only is it inexpensive, it's also delicious and has gluten free bread!! I personally love "Casino Queen" and "Say You Miss Me." It can be a little slow on service but so worth it. If you're someone who's always in a rush on your lunch hour maybe this isn't the place for you.笑
Being a big fan of sandwich places (because you can't really mess a sandwich up), I didn't have a lot of expectations from this place. I heard about the location from my coworkers. We work across from the Distillery District so the location was quite convenient for us. 

They had a wide selection of grilled sandwiches with what seems like endless possibilities. Personally for me, I don't like to eat any other deli meat besides Turkey and I wasn't feeling Turkey today. However, the ELT caught my eye. It was a vegetarian option. What I received was disappointment. The sandwich took what seems like a million years! I ordered a veggie sandwich. It should be fast. It took a really long time for it to come out. Another note, the sandwich looked like a disaster, things were falling out everywhere. 

Besides the sandwich, I also got a soup, clam chowder to be specific. It tasted good but it lacked potatoes and actual clams. The half sandwich and small soup was $7. It was considered cheap by Canadian standards but for me, it was on the much pricier side. 

I probably wouldn't return here since my coworkers got meat sandwiches which they both said was really salty, which has high sodium. I like my sandwiches much healthier.笑
A good sandwich sounds simple. Not so. 
I have tried so many places around town but have struggled to find a decent sambo. This place is the answer. They have a great selection of tasty offerings. 
It's really reasonably priced too. 
Go for the "heavy metal drummer".笑
I tried this place for the 1st time today and I have to admit it's one of the best sandwich I never had.
Only negative point: the wait.笑
A co worker recommended I try Sky Blue Sky Sandwiches. Sandwiches are good. Prices are decent and the wait isn't long. Good stop for a quick lunch.