When I travel to Tempe I always stop in for a pie. The new location is great! Ample seating which can accommodate large parties! 

The pizza is always fresh and the crust is fantastic! We usually keep it simple and grab a large pizza with mushrooms and pepperoni. If you are looking for a great local pizza joint you won't be disappointed. 

I've heard the wings are great but we haven't tried them yet. Maybe that's what we should have for dinner :-) ...Ǿ
This is the best place for pizza! I don't know what it is about Barro's but it's irresistible. The place has a pretty nice atmosphere, it's normally pretty quiet without the crazy hustle of a normal restaurant. Personally I like it, it's laid back. The lunch deals are really great! Slices/drink combos are cheap and the deals change by the day of the week. The wings here are really great as well! Great customer service, the girls at the counter are really helpful and patient. This is my go-to pizza place!Ǿ
Absolutely delicious.  Here visiting from  California and stumbled on this little gem. This is the best pizza I've had in a long time. This place is now my #1 pick for pizza when I come to AZ. Awesome guys keep it up.Ǿ
While I absolutely LOOOVE Barros pizza, I prefer to drive to the one on Alma School, my kids love playing there. I have to order delivery from the one on Baseline in Tempe, which is why I'm writing this review. I understand the employees that work there can be young and maybe this is their first job, but PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE train your employees NOT to repeat your card # back to you over the telephone! Even though I have a chip in my card that made me super uncomfortable! Delivery tends to take awhile, but this is my favorite pizza place in AZ because you CANNOT beat the taste!Ǿ
The pizza is always great and very easy atmosphere to bring kids.  They have a little wooden kitchen set up that occupies my little ones so I can actually sit down and eat.  The service was also very good.  Everyone was friendly and helpful.Ǿ
Worst customer service I've ever experienced. We called in an order for delivery and they told us they didn't deliver to our area yet we live a mile away. When we came in the manager said "we deliver, the girls just don't know the area" I'll be sticking to other pizza options from now on.Ǿ
Love. Love. Love their gluten free pizza. They just have one size (small) about $12. BBQ wings are very good (and big). Fast delivery.Ǿ
Besides the pizza being mediocre at best, apparently I should know better and request a fork to eat my salad with when I have food delivered to my hotel. Armando the "manager" is clearly young so I can't blame him to much for his lack of sincerity and his sarcastic childish tone. Yes we travel A LOT and NO we will never use this delivery restaurant again!

Ok I have to edit this I called back and spoke to manager Wade. He actually listened to me and APOLOGIZED. In one call he elevated my experience.  Thank you Wade. We will give Barro another shotǾ
I love this Barros. The girls here are always so friendly and accommodating. They do their jobs with a smile on their face and I experience great customer service here every time I come. Thank youǾ
we ordered a whole combo pie. They do not skimp on the toppings, but you pay for it.  So it was a filing slice or two.  The crust was thin and crispy.Ǿ
Delivery is quick and fast. The drivers are always pleasant and friendly.  The wait time is short on the phone.  We order the mega meat, salad and breadsticks with cheese...this loacatuon has THE best crust and sauce to cheese ratio.  When my sister and cousin come from the west valley they order from THIS barros coz they say my barros us better than theirs.

We have also had wings and subs delivered at other times and it was also great!Ǿ
best veggie pizza.  i haven't eaten veggie pizza in years but was happy to find this local place near our house.  the staff is nice, service is quick and the food never fails to satisfy late cravings.Ǿ
Barros! I love your pizza! However I had some used tea (mango) and their was mold on the spout. Please clean your tea bins daily!  I opened my cup and a slimy film was all over my tea and ice!  Makes me think,  what else dont you clean daily?Ǿ
While walking to my car with my pizza (mushrooms, olives, and onions), I suddenly realized that my clothes were getting wet.   I stopped walking, tipped the pizza box, and saw liquid pouring out of it onto the ground.   I went back into the restaurant, and someone took the pizza back into the kitchen.  After about a minute, a manager-type came out of the kitchen, opened the register, and started counting out some bills.   I thought: "What a classy place!  Since my clothes might have been ruined and the pizza now must obviously be subpar, he's refunding my money."   Wrong.   He was evidently just making change from the register.   Then the person who had taken the box back to the kitchen came out and handed me a boxed pizza with no explanation.   I looked at her questioningly.   She said the liquid was because of the veggies that I had ordered.   In other words, it was my fault.  We've ordered plenty of mushroom-olive-onion pizzas before, from other places and from the old Barro's, but never before have we had any amount of liquid coming out -- let alone a large amount, as in this case.   And now the pizza was in a new, un-warmed box, so it was going to be cold.
   
I had forgotten to order the pizza with a thin crust.   When I opened the box at home, I found that the cuts in the thick pizza dough did not go all the way through.   So in addition to having a poor, cold, dry pizza, we now had to struggle with our pizza cutter as well.

My clothes were machine-washable, but it would have been very bad if I had had a big food-liquid spill all over my car.   

This experience was a poor one, and I won't be going back there.Ǿ
Stopped in for lunch with some coworkers. We all ordered a lunch special.

During lunch they sell pizza by the slice. I ordered a slice of pizza, a salad, and a fountain drink. The pizza is extremely good, the salad is pretty decent (considering this is a pizza place), and the fountain drink selection is pretty common. Next time I will skip the salad and get two slices of pizza instead. They keep the pizza in a heated rack, which is very fast and convenient. 

Everyone seemed to have the same conclusion about this place. The price is very good considering the quality and quantity of food you receive. 

I will be back, this is a great place to grab some lunch.Ǿ
Barro's  pizza is always good.
Whenever, whatever toppings omg just delicious, at least at this location. Recently I ordered a Hawaiian pizza(don't remember name) but it had a light teriyaki sauce instead of pizza sauce and pineapple and teriyaki chicken on top. This was at a Maricopa Barros btw.

The only pizza I have ever been grossed out by omg it tasted like they put waaaay too much teriyaki sauce on the bread, maybe on accident but it was so disgusting, the sauce was literally dripping off of the pizza everytime I picked it up. I don't think I'll ever order that pizza again but I will definitely not go to the maricopa location ever again.

Tempe locations have never disappointed me.Ǿ
All around good pizza, reasonably priced, and flexible if you have two people that want different types of pizzas or toppings. We will be back, but I wish they had basil and spinach.

 On the other hand, my boyfriend and his colleagues crave this place all the time! So if you're not picking and love pizza.... it's right up your alley!Ǿ
The corner of Rural and Baseline has a problem with new businesses.  Each time one opens, it is either a different version of an existing establishment (Chiptole opens across the street from Q Doba, Circle K opens diagonally across the street from QuickTrip) OR the exact same establishment that semi- or un-successfully existed very close by.  In the case of this review, Barro's Pizza has opened a brand shiny new location about 3/4 of a mile east of one that just closed.  They might call it "moving", but for someone who lives nearby it's just annoying and frustrating.

So, this Barro's location is new, but the pizza still sucks.  Overly doughy, soggy in the middle despite being prepared "double well done", meat toppings tasting very frozen, sauce tasting very canned.  It's cheap and quick, and they're nice enough.  But the product rivals the Kroger store brand freezer version.  I may try their wings or subs, and I will probably regret it.  I'll update this review if I do.

Boo Barros.Ǿ
Just yum! I usually do not like pizza from anywhere but this is the only place I will now eat it from! Very affordable lunch deals to! I got 6 wings a slice of pizza a drink and a saad for 10$ ! Awesome!Ǿ
I've always loved their pizza and wings! I've never been disappointed it is my go to for sure :) 
Today it was different a GOOD different. I needed a receipt that was misplaced by our dental office and I needed to submit it to my accounting team. So I called Barros and first talked to a very nice girl on the phone (wish I remembered her name) then she said let me get my manager he will be able to find that receipt a lot quicker. I was on hold for a few seconds and I spoke to the manager (wish I remembered his name too). He immediately found the receipt and I had it in my email within minutes! They were so fast and happy to help me. They have a great team, and most importantly they delivered GREAT customer service. THANKS :)Ǿ
Definite favorite for our family, both delivery and dine-in.  Dine in is great for families with younger kids.  Seating in the back has small kid tables and play kitchen for them to have fun.  TV is also typically turned into kid's channel.  Food is awesome, and price is worth it.Ǿ
Whenever I'm at my mom's house and we have the pizza craving then it's always Barro's. Well tonight was one of those cravings. 

I was pretty impressed when I walked in. I thought it looked really nice inside compared to other Barro's I've been too. Nice dark wood interior. Tile floors and lots of TV all around the dining area. No matter where you sit there's a TV to watch your favorite sport. 

When you walk in, you order your pizza and wings at the counter and you get a number for your table. They had plenty of people helping at the counter. Very friendly and helpful. 

We ordered a large pepperoni and sausage pizza with a medium order of wing with mild and another with BBQ. 24 wings in all. The pizza was really good. A little greasy at the bottom but we ate the whole thing. So no complaints there. The wings were really good too. The mild had a nice zing to them. Just right for my taste buds and my wife always likes the BBQ. Not spicy at all. The sauce wasn't overpowering. Just right. 

Overall we really liked the pizza and wings. Gobbled it all up. Eat up and enjoy.Ǿ
Awesome pizza that microwaves well the next day. Try the Mega Meat pizza, you'll thank me later. Bacon, Pepperoni, ham, sausage, and meatball. The wings were okay, standard wing fare so it is acceptable, just don't expect wing explosion in your mouth.Ǿ
Pizza maybe good, but delivery SUCKS.  And then when you call to check the status they say "Your on his list, just be soon".  WTH does that mean?  I asked for an eta. This happens everytime I get delivery and if this is anything like the other times, it will be cold.  Very frustrated.....AND you can't order online.  What pizza place doesn't offer that?Ǿ
When we want good pizza, we go to Barros. It's best when eaten in the restaurant - fresh and hot. I don't think pizza travels well in a box - it starts to steam and it affects the crust. 

Good service, good pizza, good prices, clean, efficient and friendly employees.

Plenty of TV's to watch the game. 

Lunch specials.  

No complaints!Ǿ
Do not order the ravioli! The ravioli was stone cold in the center and was obviously store bought. I never send back food but they were really nice about it & served me wings instead. Very nice atmosphere!Ǿ
Decent pizza with speedy service. They pile a lot of toppings on your pie, and if you like a lot of crust, this is your place! The original crust itself is more on the doughy side and not super crispy. We had the special which was loaded with ham, pepperoni, onion, bell pepper, and mushroom. I've had their wings as well and they are also decent.Ǿ
Went here to check it out since my coworker was singing Barro's praises. Welp, it's pretty run-of-the-mill. The crust (the most important part of a pizza) is weird and kinda spongy, but otherwise comparable to any other run-of-the-mill pizza joint.

 I got the Kona, which is some kind of play on a Hawaiian pizza except it has chicken instead of ham and some kind of sweet teriyaki glaze instead of red sauce. Not very good, and if I had it to do again I'd just get a traditional pizza. Still, don't think it's really worth it without a coupon or something.

The staff was nice and the atmosphere if you're dining in (I didn't) seems above average for this type of place.Ǿ
Great pizza but the place is dirty. Hardly any customers but nobody picks up the tables after customers leave. Even the floor is pretty dirty  we got our pizza still no staff doing anything but gossiping. What a shame drank our beer took pizza home.Ǿ
Really greasy and fattening. Not even my stray cat that would eat literally anything wanted any. I actually kind of want to throw it up after eating it rather than gain 5lbs. When is it time for restaurants to have healthy food? So much to ask?Ǿ
If you like an EXTREMELY CHEESY pizza barro's, this Barro's is for you. Every other one I went to always had a good portion of cheese, sauce and meats.

More than half my medium pepperoni pizza was all cheese. I felt like I was choking on the cheese.

I'm giving it 3 stars because at least the wings were good and food was discounted.Ǿ
The establishment is always clean, which is no surprise because their servers are always immediately cleaning up after customers. If I had to show someone a good pizza place in town to go to, I'd choose this Barro's. The option of splitting toppings on your pizza is awesome too, though I'm sure most pizza places allow that nowadays. There's always been plenty of parking, it's never too noisy, and it seems like a great place to bring your family (I always see people there who seem to have just gotten out of a little league game or a family hang out).Ǿ
It has never disappointed me, it always delivers. It is one of the cleanest pizza places ever, I always get my pepperoni pizza with my winds and cold iced beer.Ǿ
Kona pizza, great pizza. Visiting with my wife. We dropped by for some drinks and pizza after flying in. The Kona was a little sweet and very chessy. Very enjoyable pizza.Ǿ
Great pizza!! have gone back a few times.Ǿ
Fair and fast service. The pizza was great. Will definitely order again. Unlike dominoes, the delivery drivers at Barros can actually find your house! They'll even call you, if they can not. A concept so crazy that it works!Ǿ
I have been eating at Barros Pizza, for going on 16 years now and in that time I have yet to have had a negative experience. I started going there when they opened one by my high school. The pizza is great, the wings are some of the best around and they have a great lunch special. I highly recommend Barros to anyone looking for a great pizza and or some wings.Ǿ
Barro's is what Digiorno wishes it could be with that rising crust crap. I swear, if I could eat Barro's every day without my arteries protesting, I would. (And could, because it's cheaper compared to other pricier options like Venezia's and Spinato's.)

The cheese is high quality, salty, melty, and they don't skimp. The crust is chewy and thick and awesome with some of those rad mega crust bubbles near the edge. The toppings are always high quality and generous. The wings are thick and juicy, deep fried to a crisp and then smothered in the perfect amount of sauce. And they deliver to me three miles away, which makes me super happy.Ǿ
So I was in town & had some Barro's pizza (of course)

Suggestion to the owner:
Is there anyway you can creat something for the traveler?? like vaccume sealed pizza or something??  I wanted to order a mid size pizza to take it w/me to Dallas then I thought about carrying pizza box through security & sitting in the airplane making everyone's mouth watering won't be fair so I didn't do that (actually my BF kept saying "they won't let you carry it!!"  Next time, just to prove him wrong, I am going to order one & take it with me to Dallas!)  . 
It's getting too expensive to fly out to AZ for your pizza.  Maybe you can open one here in Dallas or help me open one! Or better idea, traveler's from other State who provides airline ticket stub get's 20% off!  That is a great idea!
BTW, did I tell you that no other pizza place like Barro's in Dallas??? 
Some say true italian pizza is amazing but honestly, I had a pizza when I was in Venice & nothing like Barro's. (see Barro's!  I love your pizza this MUCH! :)   )

Oh also, it is a very good idea you guys have very pretty girls & handsome guys at the front! I remember this one gal who was helping us she had the MOST beautiful blue eyes I ever seen.  I had to tell her "I am totally straight but OMG! Your eyes are just beautiful!!"
Can you imagine Asian like me having aquia blue eyes??? That will be totally exotic! (sorry i got side tracked) 

Any how, about Barro's pizza, you guys are just awesome! I am planning to make another visit soon & can I get a 2nd pizza for free??  with all the free advertisement... LOL just kidding. 

All I can say, I sure miss your pizza.Ǿ
While having a family dinner here tonight attempting to celebrate a birthday, an older gentleman came over to our table and threatened our family and small children out of nowhere. He kept trying to move himself closer to the children at the table and became aggressive when we wouldn't permit it. I wouldn't have thought any wrong doing from the restaurant except for the manager's response when he eventually came out to the ruckus. He explained to us that this man was a regular customer and was not right in the head. Dismissed us and when back to his office. I am concerned that this is a kid friendly restaurant where management isn't concerned with the safety of the small children or other paying customers.  We didn't even receive an apology. 
Be aware this is not a safe environment and this was an intense/scary situation that I would not like to see happen to anyone else. Since again, this man is a regular customer and will be back. Police were called by my family, not the restaurant and I hope this man gets the help that he needs.Ǿ
Pleased with our first dinner from Barros. Reasonably priced for what you get. Impressive We had it delivered and it took about 50 min for delivery so not too impressive but we weren't starving so it was ok. The pizza was very good. Side Salad was very good too along with 1000 island sauce. Strange when I opened the paper bag the dressing was in there were just a few pieces of celery stuck in there. We will order from here again. Husband says they are the best bone in delivery wings he has ever had and we will for sure be ordering from here againǾ
Holly cow once you try this pizza it will be your families new pizza place!! If you're a thin crust person the thin crust pizza is good, but their original crust tops the charts. The prices are reasonable and the pizza is phenomenal. I have been going to Barros since it was new to the valley and the quality has been great since the beginning. The best part about Barros is that not only is their pizza phenomenal, but their wings will make your mouth water also. 

I frequent this location so much that I have become more adventurous since I am seldom disappointed in their food. If you're looking for something a little different I highly recommend their BBQ chicken pizza it actually has BBQ sauce as opposed to to red sauce. Also their Honey Hot wings have a great taste as well! 

If it is your first time try the basics (pepperoni pizza and hot wings) I assure you, you have not had rising crust as good as theirs! Furthermore, my goodness... that cheese on the pizza. Your pizza for the first time will actually look like what they promise in the pictures, the cheese will stretch as you pull each piece!

****Tips: 
get the hot wings well done, adds a crunch to your bite and their sooooo darn good.

they are always willing to do certain toppings on only portions of the pizza so sharing is simple.Ǿ
I came in with a few friends yesterday and the store was a complete disaster. We probably stayed for two hours eating and talking and I never once saw one of the workers come out and pick up trash. Over half of the tables in the restaurant were dirty and the ground had food and trash everywhere. We were never once checked on and constantly had to walk to the counter to ask for more plates, napkins, silverware etc. The pizza was delicious but the wings not so much. We ordered boneless wings which were not hot and tasted like they had been sitting out for awhile. Considering how sick I felt the rest of the afternoon I am probably right. Overall the pizza was great, but totally not worth returning to this location.Ǿ
I love, love, love Barros! Great pizza and the ranch is to die for! Do your self a favor and get extra ranch so that you can experience it for your self! The crust is so delicious with ranch, the pizza itself is not in need of ranch but it adds another level of satisfaction! I do carry out all the time and with a large and extra ranch it's still under 20! So don't forget to tip your servers and counter staff!Ǿ
Love the location, great environment, friendly gals
Perfect menu, get it how you want it, made to order   fresh, hot. And cheesayǾ
I love the great pizza and eat there few times a month. I went to pick up a pie on the way home and was given the wrong pizza. I got home and noticed an when I went to call they called me already. I talk to Rexan and he said sorry and sent my pizza for delivery and it was as my house within 10 min. Thank you for fast service and taking care of us.

Brittiny and EliǾ
Pizza, tasty pizza, mmmmmmmmmmmmmm pizza. 
Decent toppings, nice crust, not greasy but not too dry, fast. Pizza.Ǿ
Barro's Pizza  is constantly good and, an Arizona favorite. Delivery is fast and the prices are under market for value.Ǿ
We love Barro's pizza for delivery or pickup.  I wouldn't reccommend a salad there because it's only made of iceberg lettuce which seems pointless to me, but the pizza is always wsaucy and always has a ton of toppings.Ǿ
We have had multiple order errors from this barros and tonight was the last. Ordered delivery over two hours ago and the food was a no show. There are too many good pizza joints in the area to continue ordering from hereǾ
My Lady & I were looking for a good place to grab some pizza. We stopped in to Barros & were amazed by the service. The building is very nice & atmosphere was great! Ordered the all meat pizza, switched out the bacon for chicken & let me tell you it was awesome, we ate till our hearts where content. Woke the next morning n ate cold pizza straight out the fridge, now that is when you know you got some good pizza! Keep up the good work Barros!Ǿ
Great pizza. This new location is better to visit for dine in than their last two baseline Rd locations. Great service. Usually quick even when a large group invades.  Always loved their wings.  Their salads aren't bad either. While I'm a fan of their standard pie, many in my family are addicted to their white pizza. I always try to use their coupons when getting delivery.  Barros doesn't disappoint.Ǿ
Great pizza, great prices, cold beer and a really nice group room in the back where large groups can hang out, watch sports on the big screens, and let the kids run around. Love this place.Ǿ
Wonderful pizza and wings! So delicious and a great value as well. We order a lot of pizza, and this is our current favorite in Tempe.Ǿ
Favorite pizza place.  Consistent quality.  Great price.  Quick service dine in or take out!Ǿ
Food is amazing...But this is the SECOND TIME an employee has swept the floors around us literally flinging dirt in the air towards our food. First time I thought it was someone new and inexperienced but COME ON!!! Food service 101 people! We'll just have to take our food to go from now on...Ǿ
Great pizza that has not changed since I worked at throne in Rolling Meadows 39 years ago. Great Pizza, great Football Coach, great family. Hello to Mike, Ken and Coach.Ǿ
Wow. Been going to Barros for 15 years and never again. Wife and I walked in for lunch, each carrying a baby. We asked an employee if we could get 2 high chairs. She then pointed to where those are kept, on the other side of the dining area. Umm thx. So with baby in hand, I went and grabbed one.. took it to my wife so that she could put a baby down.. then grabbed the other one, which was missing a strap. I felt it would have been great if the employee had helped me. Not very welcoming. I will buy pizza elsewhere from now on.Ǿ
It was great! Great customer service! I definitely recommend anyone looking for good pizza & wings, to stop by Barro's! We were greeted immediately once arriving, & were asked to have our order takin. She even gave us an extra cup! Our food was served promptly and it was delicious!Ǿ
Ordered two pizzas online for carryout since this was one of the closest pizza spots nearby. I was surprised at how long the line was to order but I did come around noon which is a busy lunch time. I was able to go right to the cashier to pick up my order since I had already paid online. 

Loved how quick and easy it was and the pizzas were tasty. I'd be back to try their lunch specials, they've got some good deals!Ǿ
I'm a visitor from out of town. Tried to get them to deliver a pizza a total of 5 miles away and was told it was out of their delivery area. Sad I got rejected but I'm sure this review will make a statement. Don't offer to deliver if "you can't deliver".Ǿ
After ordering a pizza for delivery and the price wasn't what we thought it was going to be... We canceled our order. Although afterwards a pizza showed up at our door which you made me and my roommate fight. She threatened to throw me out and we never put an order in neither did I give her a credit card number who her to run. They showed up with one pizza when we ordered two pizzas and wings how is that even possible.... thanks love Barro's now I may be homeless just because of youǾ
Driving down Borderline Road, looking for something to eat, went pass this place and was tempted, after going another two miles or so we made a U-Turn (Not sure if it was legal or not) so ended up here and we're very glade we decided on this place, the whole pizza is VERY good! (even at the crust part-which sometimes I don't) and I would come back here the next time we are in the Tempe area!Ǿ
The all meat pizza was loaded with toppings, the cheese was so plentiful it was stretchy as we pulled apart slices, and the crust was a great texture. Added a bit of crushed red pepper to give it the kick I like. 3 slices was more than enough to fill, but I had to go in for the third!Ǿ
Barros special pizza is the best. Crust is delicious. The Wings are big and meaty. I never liked wings before but these wings are fully cooked and not dried. I would highly recommend. The seating is kinda weird like a maze lolǾ
This is a great spot especially for lunch! Lunch Special menu almost everything is under $5. The family seating/games are separate from a quieter area when you first walk in. The pizza and wings are delicious. It is a new location and kept very nice/clean. Staff friendly, lunch came quickly. I also appreciated the freshly brewed unsweetened flavored tea.