Unfortunately our visit here was far from superior. We were seated ( 3 of us) at a table and were not acknowledged by our server , no water or bread.  We were glancing at our menus and other tables were then seated and approached by our server.   We did not recieve any service until 15/20 mins.   We had ordered our food and waited another 30 mins and proceeded to speak with a manager. The manager then switched our server to prevent any more mis communication.  Our food came and one of our dishes did not arrive (5-10mins later).  The dressing for one of our salads also did not arrive.  We were then presented with our new server whom took care of us. The manager did not seem very sympathic to us as she was just doing what she thought was good and did not go above and beyond.   Unfortunately our experience was not the greatest although the other times we have gone we have had amazing experiences.笑
I am a Cheesecake Factory fan so this is easy for me.  This one is in the back of the mall (Forum shops) at Cesar's Palace.  I just discovered the buffalo blasts (appetizer) ... You MUST try these!!!  YUMMY!  Solid service and a very consistent menu. Thanks CF!笑
No different than any other Cheesecake factory. I love the Cheesecake Factory. It's an American staple and I adore it. This one was interesting because it had that absolutely bizarre fountain outside it and there was no wait. INCREDIBLE!笑
Went to the cheesecake factory at the forum shops with my girlfriend for dinner and was not impressed at all. 

I had the fettuccine Alfredo. I'm not picky about my food but it had ZERO flavor. Some of the noodles were stuck together and hard from getting cooked on the bottom of the pot. The chicken breast on the noodles had zero seasoning.

The service was very poor, the waiter didn't ask how our food was, and didn't come around much at all. I had to ask for a refill on my drink when ordering dessert. 

The noise is also very loud, I wouldn't recommend coming here for a romantic dinner that's for sure. We sat near the kitchen and it was REALLY loud. They don't have doors that seperate it from the dining area. 

The margaritta was 12.00 for a regular size. It was good though. 

I'd only go here  again for cheesecake to go.笑
We live here in Vegas and there's a Cheesecake Factory maybe 10 mins away from my house but we drive all the way to the strip to come to this location! And especially for our waitress, Daisy. I always ask for her, she's amazing! Very nice staff! I've only had one so-so experience there after being there a lot! Food is always fresh and tastes good! Pretty good on refilling the drinks quickly! Love this location keep up the good work!笑
I must say the customer service is splendid, and charismatic. 
I went to the Cheesecake Factory located inside the caesar's palace with my girlfriend and some other friends, we waited for about 30 mn in order to get our table.THE WAITING WAS ABSOLUTELY WORTH IT!!!
The waitress sat us in a corner booth which was really comfortable and the enviroment was perfect!
Since it was my girlfriend's bday , I told the waitress named Julia if she could bring the tiramisu cheesecake , they brought the cheesecake and gave her the bday service ,the service was instantaneous and really enjoyable.
I'm definitely looking forward to celebrate another birthday at this great place.笑
So tonight was CONFUSING. I walked in, gave my name, waited by the bakery. My name was called. I was told to walk upstairs. I waited AGAIN upstairs. And then asked to sit in an overcrowded, stuffy, overflow room.  And get this, the table was a small 2 top right outside of the kitchen. Literally, 3 steps out of the kitchen. Lord forbid a waiter trip or a cup of coffee slip off of a tray, scolded wouldn't even be the word.

Myself and my guest I was with, just left.   As we walked down the grand staircase, we walked past a manager that didn't even take the time to say goodbye or ask about the meal. The gentleman that directed us upstairs didn't even take the time to ask why we were leaving so soon, but instead "I hope you enjoyed your meal!" Bro, we weren't even here for more than 10 minutes.

Ultimately, I get that this location in Vegas is busy, but why is that? Cheesecake factory is a staple in every major city, patrons will eat there no matter what city they are traveling to.  But what i don't get is how the customer service can waiver between the different locations.  Just because the Vegas location stays packed from open to close, shouldn't mean that the hostess cannot take an extra moment while asking a name, "just to let you know, we are seating in the upstairs overflow room, is that okay? Or would you prefer to wait for a table on the first floor?"  This one question would have given me a 5 star experience because I would have elected to walk up approximately 42 stairs and sit in a separated environment.笑
In general, I try to avoid chain restaurants because if it is a chain I can eat their food all throughout the country. Also, I have seen Cheesecake Factory's gluten free menu and it contained close to nothing for me to eat without morphing the dish into something remarkably healthy (no sauce, dressing, fries, etc). Now, there are times that I want to be healthy, but that's why I cook at home, not when I go to a restaurant called CHEESECAKE Factory. Therefore, my fiance have avoided this restaurant in Caesar's until St. Patrick's Day when friends wanted something familiar to eat.

First, the hostess desk was on top of their game. I got a piece of paper with my approximate waiting time and the time I checked into the desk. They took my phone number to call me when my table was ready which is GENIUS in Vegas. We stayed within the casino, so when they called we came running and the table was ready. Service? It was actually pretty good. I didn't walk away wow-ed by the service, but it was good. Our waters were almost always full, my friends got refills on the bread, butter and alcoholic drinks relatively fast and all went okay. The server split our bills with the greatest of ease since we told him at the beginning of the meal we'd prefer split bills. CF gets the extra 1 star for the host desk organization and service alone.

Yes, this menu is impressive. Salads, pizzas, Chinese, Italian and of course, massive amounts of cheesecake. I looked through the menu and saw the plethora of carb-tastic happiness. I saw a stack of onion straws go by me and I remembered my days of gluten-ingesting intestinal pain. However, I think that stack of onion straws, the flatbread and the pasta could absolutely be worth it. The menu for you gluten-lovers is great. Somewhat predictable, but great.

 My friends eating gluten all loved their food! My fiance got a basic burger, another got the Steak Diane, one got the Kobe burger with American cheese (wrong cheese, but moving forward) and the last guy got the Mac and Cheese burger. I ordered the safest item on the menu for someone that is gluten free which is the lemon and herb chicken with mashed potatoes. It seemed safe at the time, and even though I wasn't starving, I didn't want to be ill for the rest of the night. 

Nobody complained about their food. Everyone said it was great and that they were completely satisfied with their meals. The fries looked pretty standard. I expected a little more pizazz with their fries since everything else was so extravagant, but they were simple. The burgers did not look appealing to me, and I love beef, but then again, everyone except my fiance ordered their cow medium and that hurts my heart. My chicken? Hands down some of the best chicken I've ever had at a restaurant. The best thing? There were bones in the chicken, but the large ones were removed and the chicken came right off the bone. Don't even get me started on the magic wonder of the lemon butter sauce. I could have clogged my arteries with more of that sauce any day. I didn't get sick from the restaurant, and that chicken may pull me back one of these days. Please feel free to take away the red mashed potatoes which were okay, but nothing exciting and almost didn't deserve to be on the plate with that butter and chicken. Replace the potatoes with more chicken and we're good.

I know this one was long, but I like to approach a meal from all different angles. I wanted to give this restaurant 3 stars because for me, the GF options were severely lacking for a major chain restaurant, but what I did eat was great and the restaurant organization was on-point. If you want something that's not specifically Vegas but reliable and perfect for picky eaters, come to Cheesecake Factory and you'll be happy with your choice.笑
Oh man, their menu is a visual maze but the food is definitely fantastic.

I think this is at least my 30th time at cheese cake factory, it just always ends up being the go to place for food for the people in my life. 

I ordered the 4 cheese pasta and man was it gear. Very cheesy and very rich in flavor. I believe it was topped with ricotta and mixing that in with everything made the texture especially delicious. 

Also had the margarita pizza. The thing about that pizza is it's not too heavy or greasy. The sauce is where it's at and its not a splatter of tomato sauce. It's smooth and hits the spot. Definitely a step up from cheese pizza, there isn't much of a difference anyway so I would say to just go for the margarita. 

I ate an ahi appetizer, forgot what it's called but it was delicious... Except it was a tad bit expensive for the amount I got. I was expecting bigger chunks of ahi but I understand that ahi is an expensive fish. I have yet to really understand the world of expensive food but I am getting there. 

Also the bread. Gotta love a place the gives out free bread. 

Overall, great place. They have tons of options, so it can get overwhelming, but that's why I recommend trying new things! Just go for it!笑
This is a cheap spot we visit all the time when in Las Vegas...we usually visit Las Vegas for spring break since my son was 9years old....but now that he is in college he do different things for spring break.  The food is fool proof...I order 1 of 2 items the Louisiana chicken pasta or the Jerk shrimp...both are really good in my opinion...our last visit we had the most amazing waiter and the best margarita!笑
Went to this location last night for my father's birthday and we had to wait two long hours to be seated (there were 12 of us - 6 of which were kids). Food was awesome (and came quickly) and our server, Dave (I think), was great. One star for our server, the other for the food, and the third for the yummy cheesecake. Minus two stars for the horrible and unfriendly hostesses and long wait.笑
Came for dinner on 12/27/14.  Called from Planet Hollywood prior to ask how long the wait for 2 people would be, we were told currently it was an hour with no reservations available to make or give a name.  We made the trip over there, speak to the host and ask to put our name down for 2 people.  He gives us a look and a groan, so my response was "what, the wait is now up to 2 hours?"  His reply was "Actually it's odd, I can seat you immediately right now."  WHAT!  Score!  We were seated in literally 4 minutes.  This must have been a rare case, because we ended up being seated still in close proximity to the host platform and all the rest of parties of 2 coming in after us were all being told an hour wait and to take their name down.  I guess we were just lucky.
All of the food was amazing, we had burgers and mac and cheese balls.  So good.  We ended up taking a few slices of cheesecake to go because he had a fridge in our hotel room.  The lemon meringue one was awesome!
We had a great experience!笑
If I can rate this a no star I would!!!! Worse customer service ever ..first we were waiting for ever for them to take our order . As we ordered our food I ordered Parmesan herb chicken and it comes with mashed potatoes and green beans I asked for corn succotash instead. We waited about 30 + for our food. Finally food came out my side of corn wasn't ready and server said just a few more minutes ... 10 minutes passed maybe even more nd nothing... finally the manager comes out and says they are all out of the corn succotash and what did I want instead .  At this time I was upset and told him to bring out fries. I didn't even eat the fries I was so upset that a busy resturant runs out of their own food. I waited about 10-15 min for our server to come out and to say they were all out. Then Our server never came back to check on us if we needed refills on our drinks . We finally got our check and I asked the server if I had to pay for the full plate since I didn't get a full plate bcz they were missing the corn and I never touched the fries. He said he would go talk to the manager about that . He offered me a free desert bcz he took for ever in helping us and he didn't check on us. He left and came back left the bill and took off really fast as we checked the bill we noticed that they charged me for the desert and then took it off. I waited for like 5 min and called him over as he was trying to avoid us. I told him to get his manager. He came out and I asked him if he was going to do something about my plate not being complete and his response was oh I already did ure taking the desert and I told him I didn't want the desert . And that the server said. He was giving us the desert bcz he didn't take care of us. And he said okay I didn't charge the corn and I told him he did bcz the plate was 17.50 and that's what I was getting charged. Then he said the corn was extra charge and I said I've never been charged extra for the corn and he said I can get the servers in trouble bcz they not charging right and I told him Ive always ordered this and have never been charged and he said o well ure lucky I dnt charge u. I told him I dnt want the cake the only reason I got it it's because the server said that was free bcz of his timing issue. He finally said he would take 5 buck off the bill. This manager was so not professional fighting w me instead of making a customer happy . I will never visit this place again. This managers name was Liam I think.笑
Disappointing. I work in the forum shops so I have ate at this location for the past two years. I ordered a to go order, skinny steak medallions.... Come with potatoes, asparagus and cherry tomatoes. I've ordered this exact many times. So today when I picked up my food and got back to my store I opened and was disappointed in the portion, knowing it is off the "skinnilicous" menu so it is supposed to be smaller portion but this was beyond small.... 4 tiny pieces of steak and a scoop of mashed and maybe 3 small pieces of asparagus. I was bummed but what ever I didn't have time to get anything else, I was about to start eating when I noticed a piece of plastic in it, looked like a piece of tape, but at least a inch long   I called and asked to speak to a manager, she said to bring it back so they can see it and they'll start a new one right away and throw in a piece of cheesecake.  I get there the to go lady was nice, she says they are making a new one now.... I wait prob 10 mins get back to my store and open it. No tape but seriously gave me the same container of food back. So cool I got back a tiny portion of the food that had a piece of tape in it that someone stuck there fingers in to take out. Not cool.笑
First timers in USA. Had this twice at the Vegas north premium outlet branch. I think they just opened this new branch as part of their new expansion. We were pleasantly surprised that the Coke were refillable, the portion here were ALL SO HUMONGOUS, we had a hard time finishing our food. We particularly liked the nachos--they were crisp enough, well salted, and huge in size! Prices are reasonable too. We loved the attentive service also. Well recommended for a hearty meal, I think most people will have smth inside the menu to satisfy their craving.笑
Never been b4 but I'm going back for sure.  Great prices even in Lost Wages, I mean Las Vegas.  4 ate dinner with desert and one cocktail and it was 80 bucks and change.  The menu selection is outta control.  Too much to choose from IMO.  Service was very good and the cob I had was one of the better I've experienced. The fresh lemonade was excellent with a sugar rim and the lemon drop good sized and very tasty too.笑
Ups and Downs!

Our party of six was seated in less than 10 minutes.  WIN!

We weren't assigned a waiter and had menus but no beverages for 20 minutes.  FAIL!

We were really happy off of mai tais and margaritas they let us bring into the restaurant.  WIN!

We tagged 2 waiters and the second one brushed us off with, "Oh, they'll be with you soon."  FAIL!

The manager found us and genuinely and thoroughly apologized, and offered to comp our desserts.  MEGAWIN!

We were assigned the second waiter that gave us the bullshit answer.  PWNAGE!

Ordered buffalo wings which were a perfect match of spicy and sour, and spinach+artichoke dip that came with chips instead of bread as usual.  WIN!

The 5 desserts we tried:
- Peanut Butter Cheesecake: Very very heavy.  Tastes like sugared up peanut butter and not for the weak of heart.
- Carrot Cake: Very classic, hard to go wrong but not spectacular.  Desserts are obviously overpriced at TCF but they don't skimp you.  Calorie for calorie you get what you pay for and the cakes are all a couple inches taller than the cheesecakes.
- Oreo Cheesecake: Not bad, hard to go wrong.
- Red Velvet Cheesecake: OMG sooooo good.  This was an unexpected combination for me.  The only thing I can think of is that the amount of cream cheese frosting can be overwhelming but other than that it's a really yummy dessert.
- Bowl of Fresh Strawberries: For $6.50 you get 10-15 strawberries.  Scam!  But for free it was a good combo with each of the cheesecakes.  If you have money to blow I would highly recommend getting this with any cheesecake order.笑
We went to try this out with my sister as she had never been. The line was really very long and it took a while to get our order. We had to sit at the bar as there was no any other place. The food was good and portions were huge. Plenty of choices at Cheesecake Factory, however, I always look for healthy options. They have added more. Good drinks, cheesecake is fabulous, but if you can't afford those calories and fat contact, there are many other places to go of course. This time I had the Banana Cream cheesecake and if you like Banana Cream pie you will like this cheesecake either. And if you like chains and do not mind a noisy atmosphere, then this place is not bad.笑
Wait wasn't long at all! Service was amazing and so was the food. Plus, there is a shopping center for you to browse while you wait. Definitely recommend!笑
I like this restaurant's no matter where they are they have good food but today was the worst experience i ever had
Food 5*
Service -1*
The waiter and the manager where not for that job,they knew nothing about how to treat people.笑
This is my first Cheesecake Factory. There's a show that involves moving sculptures right outside that runs at an increment amount of time. Anyways, I just found out this restaurant serves more than just cheesecakes. But, it didn't matter because I just come here to try out their amazing different types of chessecakes.笑
Wow what can i say about this place. I love the Cheesecake Factory. This is by far the best place to eat. My favourite restaurant when i visit the U.S.


 Serves the best food and desserts. You cant go wrong with anything on the menu. Theres so much choice. You could eat there every single day for 2 weeks and have something different everytime. I love the Club sandwich and Lindas Fudge Cake or any of the Cheesecakes for dessert.
Like pretty much most places in America the portions are HUGE and the place is super clean!


 Its always busy and theres quite a wait for a table but thats understandable as that shows what a great place it is. Its definetly worth the wait!
Nowhere else can compete with the Cheesecake Factory in my opinion.


 I highly recommend eating here. Unfortunatly 5 stars is the highest you can give, because this place easily gets 10 stars ! :)笑
Wait time is long, everything else is fab.  

I came here with a friend and we met up with a party of 11.  As a large party and almost guaranteed a phat tip we were still treated pretty well.  I got the tuna and my friend got the miso salmon.  For some reason my tuna was cooked so you could see gray/white throughout, the last two times I had it where my tuna was red/rose.  I don't know what the norm is but they made it the way I wanted.  

You have to limit yourself to the food because the best part is the dessert!  It's not called Cheesecake Factory because of the pasta or meat or fish.  There are no items on the menu with name's like Cheesecake ahi tuna or Cajun Cheesecake Jumbalaya but White Chocolate Raspberry Truffle or Caramel Pecan Turtle Cheesecake!  Mmmm!!

So my fav:
Miso Salmon!!  Wasabi Encrusted Ahi Tuna!!!!  Steak Diane!  Cajun Jambalaya Pasta!  And the above Cheesecakes!笑
Good food, friendly servers, nicely priced, awesome cheesecake, and if you get to sit outside you get a nice view of the hotel's aquarium. You definitely should stop by. :)笑
Dining in any restaurants in Ceasar are criminally over-priced just like anywhere else in vegas but not necessary good quality, unless you live on food court food.  

However, the Cheese Cake factory in the Forum shop is actually a gem on the strip, providing if you are not looking for a fine dining experience.

Price overall was very reasonable for a sitdown restaurant in Vegas.  Speed was efficient.  Service was considerably good.  Friendly & helpful staff.   Of the 7 days stay at Caesar for a conference, we had tried their paste, salmon special, some burger and fries, fish and chips, flat-bread  appetizer & pot sticker.  

Ax the board, their food quality were consistent and were above and beyond other restaurants of the same franchise.  In fact, we liked their salmon lunch special (miso, simply grilled) so much that we went there almost every day we stayed there. 

I am giving a 4 star for their location, and for $ value with respect to their overall food quality and services.  Would recommend for families and individuals on budget / biz trip.笑
Delicious mall food in a great location!! Always a good choice笑
If I could give this business a zero star rating I definitely would. I got food poisoning from this restaurant when on my lunch break (I work in the forum shops). I ordered salmon and hadn't eaten anything else all day and felt violently sick immediately after. I wrote to the corporate offices online simply to notify them of the incident so that it didn't happen to someone else, I wasn't looking for something free since I don't plan on eating here again.. And they replied with a few questions about how I paid, what I ordered and the date and time which I gladly answered. About a week later I got a letter from them saying that their temperature and refrigeration was up to par and that they won't reimburse me for my meal. Great customer service Cheesecake Factory. Pretty much telling me.. "Nope you didn't get sick from our food. Have a nice day." It's not even about the food, now it's just horrible customer service.笑
It's a Cheesecake Factory. It's a chain. It's over-priced. But it sure is tasty. And there are so many food, drink, and dessert options. I can dine forever on just appetizers here.

This particular location is nestled in the Caesar's Forum Shops. It's rarely too crazy busy where there's a wait. I prefer dining on the faux "patio" so I can people watch the mall. And you can sorta see, albeit mostly hear, the free show thingy that happens at the fountain / fish tank out front of this location.

Service was decent. A bit scattered. But attentive and friendly enough.

On my visit here, they were out of buffalo blasts. Which was incredibly sad as those are the absolute most greatest thing ever at Cheesecake Factory. In fact, they are the best take on buffalo wings my taste buds have had the pleasure of enjoying.

But it wasn't a total dismal thing as there was a new (at least to me) menu item - buffalo chicken meatballs. They were just like the buffalo blasts, but in meatball form. Extremely tasty.

The mac 'n' cheese bites were also a hit. The Cheesecake Factory really does do this trendy appetizer better than most.

All the other appetizers we sampled were tasty too, but less memorable and crave-worthy.

All in all, there are far better, more unique, Vegas-specific places to throw down your money for good eats. But when you need to please a crowd, have a specific craving, everywhere else is full, and/or you just need to get off your feet and eat right now and you're right by here... It's better than most other chains and it's got decent people watching.笑
I ordinarily don't go to Vegas to eat at restaurants that I can eat at home but my first day in Vegas and I was just looking for some quick reasonably priced lunch before I went shopping so I settled for here. I came right as it opened and there was already a line forming to get inside. The seated everyone pretty quick though and had more than enough staff to accommodate everyone. I ordered the calamari and it was good. Ive had it before so I knew what to expect. My server was excellent. She was attentive the whole time and I always had what I needed. I was looking forward to enjoying their s'mores galore cheesecake but was very disappointed that they ran out. I wold think that at the beginning of the day they would have all flavors available so that was annoying. I opted for the white chocolate raspberry and I was not impressed. I expected to be better than it was so that was a bust. I did not spend a lot of time there. I just kind of got in and got out kind of thing so there is nothing else to really review. It was a pretty basic visit. Honestly I highly doubt that I would go back because there are better places to eat in Vegas that I don't have access to at home.笑
Fantastic food!! From the Skinny Menu I tried the margarita on the rocks which was terrific & the pear and gorgonzola flatbread, which I loved. It was very flavorful and delicious. I have never been disappointed at Cheesecake Factory, you can not go wrong with anything you choose!笑
Ordered take-out; A portion of nachos, the seared tuna sashimi salad, and a slice of lemon and raspberry cheescake (after much deliberation).
Too many nachos for two people to get through, but the seared sashimi salad got eaten with ease. The cheesecake as expected was divine. Completely refreshed the palate.笑
Gotta make this one in english 

Last year I went to Vegas with some friends and i really needed to try their cheesecake at The cheesecake factory. I've heard good things and i'm a sucker for cakes so I really needed this. 

We went in and started with some lunch -and wauv..... got the best bacon & scrambled eggs and really big and delicious fat pancakes -yummi :)
Couldn't eat the whole thing because I also wanted the cake. I got one with mango on the top and my friend for one with lemon -they were both really delicious :)

The service was on top. Actually the service in the U.S is just better and sweeter than in DK. 
The waitress was there smiling all the time, came to ask if we needed anything, if the food was ok, just chatting and wanted to hear a bit about our vacation and DK. 

I am really going back -both to Vegas and the cheesecake factory - I've never gotten such great cakes and there was a lot to choose from -gotta try then all :)笑
The hostess was so delightful. She limped over to show me my table. Apparently she hit the gym too hard but managed to laugh about it. I was seated and handed a book of a menu. They have an menu with around 200 choices.  This is good and bad. This could have been the reason for the confusion with my order. I ordered Parmesan herb crusted chicken but received a different dish. I ended up with a Parisian chicken with spaghetti.  I even told my waiter I thought my order was wrong since I was expecting different sides but he said it was correct that it was came with pasta. I started to eat my entree but asked for a menu. I looked up my entree and I was correct.  Even though I pointed it out to him pointed, he did nothing about it but said sorry for the confusion.  I wasn't in the mood for spaghetti or waiting for another entree to be prepared.  I felt this place was like a fancy dinner that offers too many choices at inflated diner prices. It specializes in cheese cakes but I figured if I ordered one I would end up with pudding. Haha. It's not a bad place to eat but you can find better along the strip.笑
location i guess a positive point.Rest all are fine, nothing special.笑
Had the Cheese Cake to go.
They were friendly and courteous.
The Cheese Cake was consistent.
The whip cream was fresh.

Everyone liked it but it would appear our French friends didn't like the peanut butter cheese cake.  I guess it's too rich for them.笑
The wait was less then 10 minutes even though it was dinner time and the crowd was wrapped around the waiting area!! Service was impeccable and the food was amazing. Sure thing if you want to enjoy your experience!!!笑
I only been to the Cheescake Factory once. It's definitely somewhere I would go again. Normally I steer clear of expensive restaurants, especially the one's near the strip. I don't care whose paying, im just not into spending $45 on a plate of food. I dont' care how nice or sexy the waiter is. I went here with a friend on Thanksgiving because neither one of us can cook lol. I didn't order anything but a cheescake. From what I can tell the food isn't all that bad, it's also not toooo pricey like I expected it to be. I would definetly want someone to take me here on a date. :)笑
Like I have said before, this is a chain restaurant, the menu is the same anywhere you go, the food tastes the same, the decor is the same, the dinning experience, is not always the same.

While on our vacation, our group of friends had come up with a scavenger hunt of sorts where we were supposed to do certain dares. One of these dares was to eat food off of the plate of someone you did not know. Enter: the Cheesecake Factory. One of my friends decided to take this dare on and noticed a family getting up from their meal (children included). They had left some plates of half-eaten cheesecake on their table and she saw this as her opportunity.

Before the family had even left, she walked up, picked up a fork and took a big bite of their cheesecake, smiled and walked back to our table. The looks on their faces were victory enough.

I'm pretty sure the rest of our meal involved specialty drinks from their bar so I can't accurately comment on the food, or really anything else that happened. ;)笑
Beet salad=small, bread=free, pastas=too oily, philly cheese steak sandwich=awesome (jeffs meal) and YEA here is why such a poor review. $8 a beer. really why?笑
The four stars is because the waiter was AMAZING! My back was in a LOT of pain and not only did he bring a bag of ice, he even recommended the best alcoholic drinks to get rid of it.  Multiple times he came by our table while we were talking about mildly inappropriate things and he was funny and adorable.  The food is still just Cheesecake Factory, but the Georgia Peach drink was delicious.笑
I have been coming to this Cheesecake Factory for as long as I can remember haha It's huge with a "patio" area and 2 floors~ Inside is very beautiful too I hate how the restrooms are located upstairs though.. The wait can be long at times so we only come at odd times now.. I know people tend to hate on chain restaurants but I think CF is one of the better ones.. Their portions are huge and the food is tasty. 

Must Haves:
-Chicken Madeira: Everyone's favorite. Its just 2 chicken breasts with madeira sauce, cheese, mushrooms, asparagus and mashed potatoes.. If I'm trying to watch what I eat I substitute the mashed potatoes for broccoli.. 
-Cajun Jambalaya Pasta: It is not too overly spicy and has just the right amount of kick.
-Chicken Lettuce Wraps: If I want something healthy-ish that's not a salad I get this dish.. It's huge so it will fill you up.. They even have noodles as one of the toppings.
-Carlton Salad: It's tasty and fresh but the dressing has a very strong sesame oil taste so you may want to ask for the dressing on the side or another dressing.
-Bread: Love their bread.. Especially the sweet brown one mmmmm haha
-Strawberry lemonade: Sugar rimmed glass.. perfect for a hot Vegas day 

Service is always friendly and it's a fun place to people watch after or before you shop at Forums~ 

HOT TIP: If you decide to get a salad you can swap out lettuce for mixed field greens free of charge.. yummmm ;]]]笑
Located inside the Forum shopping Arcade in Caesars Palace this place is always a more casual dining treat. Everytime we have gone to Vegas the wait is usally about 20 minutes but with the fish tank outsaide and the laser light show it helps kill time!!! 

The food keeps up the great standards of Cheesecake Factory. The staff makes sure your taken care of, the only time you will  really wait is when paying the bill. But I think they do that on purpose the more you wait the more time you have time for your food to digest then you get hungry and get a slice of Cheesecake!! haha笑
Wife and I ate here on our way out of Vegas (always have to hit The Forum Shops before we leave).  Although it's not as good as its sister company, Grand Lux, it was still good.  

I got the Kobe Burger, which makes that 3 times now total.  Such a great burger and it was cooked perfectly.  Our waitress (forget her name) was very upbeat (almost too much) and did an ok job at refilling our drinks and returning to our table in a timely manner.笑
Never did I actually think going to The Cheesecake Factory would be one of my highlights of my Vegas trip recently for a convention. Not only did we have one of our better nights here, but we actually spent about 4 hours sitting at the bar. No lie. That was our second night in a row there. 

Our first night, we came for dinner and didn't feel like waiting 45 minutes for a table. We quickly snagged a corner seat at the bar and were helped by Jeremy (The guy that looks like "the guy from Jarhead" aka Jake Gyllenhaal). We both ordered the fish tacos, but Jeremy suggested the plate was big and we could probably split it, which we ended up doing and didn't regret it because it was a LOT. The only gripe I would have is that the rice was strange. I have no idea what was in it, but it was strange. He was quick and attentive-- perfect dinner service! 

The next night, we opted going straight to the bar again, and were helped by Jose & William. William, hands down, knows which dishes are worth getting and will steer you away from something you may regret ordering later. HANDS DOWN this guy's got the menu memorized. I even was able to test his knowledge about what was in certain dishes, and he was able to answer without hesitation; and if anyone's ever been in the Cheesecake Factory, you know their menus are 80-page books. He was able to suggest the Miso Salmon & the Veggie Salad, both of which we ordered and were NOT disappointed (seriously, order these items). He can also make a mean "Jolly Rancher" shot! Jose was one of my favorite bartenders... basically ever. This guy's been bartending for 8 years, and you can really tell. He has an awesome attitude, a great smile, and is efficient as heck (he also bartends events, so if you're ever looking to find someone to do your event, he's your man!) He can make great conversation, tell some insane stories, but will still finish the hundreds of drink orders that are coming in. I feel like after the 4 hours we spent sitting at the bar, we made some great Cheesecake Factory friends. I wish this particular CF were local, but alas, anything in Vegas stays in Vegas, and I guess that goes for the bartenders/service we've had here. 

Until we decide to have many more glasses of wine at the Cheesecake Factory in the Forum Shops; cheers!笑
I'd never been to a Cheesecake Factory before, but I am in Vegas with my kids and I wanted a child friendly place to eat.  This was a pretty good choice. 

We went there at 8 PM on a Friday night, and there was an anticipated 35 minute wait - but they gave us a piece of paper and told us to come back in half an hour.  That gave us time to check out the nearby stores and watch the "Fall of Atlantis" show right outside.  Unfortunately, it took an extra ten minutes before the anticipated time before we got seated and the kids were quite tired by then.

The prices were pretty reasonable. My Monterey burger came with cheese, onions, arugula and avocado an was $12, plus an extra one to substitute the fries with sweet potato fries.  The burger was good, though not as juicy as I'd like it (I ordered it medium rare), but the fries were phenomenal.  

My oldest had the pasta alfredo ($7), but she was disappointed by the lack of flavor.  Unfortunately our waiter was too busy so we seldom saw him and we couldn't ask him for Parmessan cheese before she was finished.  My youngest had the kids cheese pizza ($6), which was the size of a regular dinner plate - basically, adult size.  The pizza tasted like an Italian pizza margherita rather than your typical American cheese pizza, so she didn't like it.  I, however, did.  All the portions were large enough that we all took leftovers to our hotel (which fortunately has a kitchenette).

Of course, the only reason why the kids were willing to go to the Cheesecake Factory was the name, so we went on to have cheesecake.  The HUGE slices were $7 each, very reasonable IMHO, but I come from a city where food is grossly overpriced.  I had the Adam's Peanut Butter fudge cheesecake, and I would not recommend it.  It was way too sweet to allow for any cheesecake flavor to filter through.  My oldest had the Dulce de Leche cheesecake, which she enjoyed.  I liked it more than mine because it was less sweet, but next time I'll go for the plain cheesecake.  My youngest had the kids hot fudge sundae ($2!).  It was a large enough portion that she couldn't finish it.

In all, if you can deal with the wait and share dishes (or take the leftovers home for later), this seems like a good and reasonably priced place to dine in Vegas - no wonder there was such a huge wait!笑
So I thought this would be a perfect place to grab lunch and OMG wish we would have just grabbed some Pupusas... what a disappointment!

Our waiter was like a walking zombie-idiot with no service skills whatsover.  He never even introduced himself-I thought he was the busboy and they were shortstaffed.  Just worthless! 

Our table was a booth and they stuck a chair at the end of it and it was located next to the silverwear, so every waiter/busboy who came by every 15 seconds to rattle silverwear...ugh...noisy and bothersome!  We should have left.

I ordered a boring plain chopped salad that was tasteless.  Kids had grilled cheese and pasta, so thank goodness I was able to take bites out of their decent food.  Sisters got..I don't even remember because I couldn't wait to get out of there and we even skipped dessert because the waiter was so useless!

It will be a while before I go back!笑
We went to the new Cheesecake Factory across from the world Market Center. We sat in the bar so we could get in and out fast. We were there over 2 hours... We saw everyone around us being served and finish and we were not served. 
When we asked the manager... Why it was taking so long, she said she would check! 
She came back without our food. She said the time is only 30 min. Old. This was NOT cool. 
We will never go back!!! If you want good service Do Not Go Here! The food was cold and not what we have received at The Cheesecake Factory in California!笑
Food Great!
Location nice but hard to get to...
Parking - far away...
No reservation possible - Very unfortunate !!!!
Atmosphere 8/10
Service 8/10
All and All - recommended !笑
I love Cheesecake Factory!  I've been to a few in So.Cal, but we decided to visit this one before we head back to L.A.

I love their pastas [pasta davinci, spicy chicken chipotle pasta], but this visit I decided to try a breakfast dish.  I had Joe's Special [check out the pic] which was an egg scramble with mushrooms, onions, chicken sausage, and spinach with potatoes and toast.  It was very tasty. YUM.  I also had the drink- typhoon punch  to go with it and it was very good. Haha a cocktail with breakfast! YUM!

I also love their cheesecake [you would hope so with the restaurant named Cheesecake Factory] - I've had a few, the Godiva Cheesecake, Fresh Strawberry, Tiramisu and others which I can't remember. But they are all tasty!笑
Spent 5 days in Vegas and went there for 3 dinners. Large portion sizes and at a great value. Food never disappoints and you know what you are getting. Staff were very attentive and wait was not long at all.. they seem to know how to run the place very efficiently. Well done - can't wait to go back next time in Vegas.笑
Nothing spectacular. This is your run of the mill Cheesecake Factory, but the service is subpar compared to other Cheesecake factories.笑
Excellent service, even for it being at the Cheesecake Factory. Our waitress was very attentive, personable and knowledgable about their menu. 

This location is clean, very nice lighting that sets the mood for all types of dining occasions. 

The menu is stellar as always with generous portions(even on the lunch menu). They are always adequately staffed and the wait times, even in the peak of summer was less than 20 minutes. 

Wonderful representation of the Cheesecake Factory name.笑
They don't take reservations per James but he said for a party of two it would not be more than a 10 min wait. Ok we will see. Great service and great food笑
OMG!!! This place is delicious!!!! My fave the California Cheese Steak with fries! Portions are super large...good luck having room for their awesome desserts!笑
Oh it felt so good to sit down. My girlfriend and I had marched up and down the strip, through the hotels, casinos, and shops enjoying all the sights that could be had. But then our legs started to push back against us. We were wondering around the Forum when we realized a break was need. So we stopped in Cheesecake and got ourselves some much needed water and nachos (food in general was need so we went with nachos). The plate was huge and delicious but they may have just been because of my state of mind.

Any way this is a pretty normal cheesecake. It looks pretty nice but in reality they are all about the same. I regretted that I was so hungry that I did not try to find a place to eat that does not already exist at home.笑
Incredibly good value with a great varied menu and the obligatory huge portions.
The snickers cheesecake was unforgettable!笑
Very disappointed. In all fairness they were busy. I ordered eggs & bacon with tomatoes. My daughter got ice cream. They brought the ice cream after they served us our meals. I got potatoes and the wrong bread. It took her 15 minutes to get me the tomatoes I ordered. I never got the bread. She even packed extra of the wrong type of bread like I should be grateful. So for 12$ I got 2 eggs and 2 pieces of bacon. That left me annoyed.笑
This Cheesecake Factory is like all of the others. Consistent.  That is actually what made McDonalds famous- consistency.  It's very crowded, quite loud, and if you are lucky enough to get a patio seat you will be treated to the Poseidon show complete with smoke, water and flames. 

My husband went with a chicken pasta dish, and I opted for the chicken tostada salad.  Both were good as usual.  The service was excellent, as it should be in a big hospitality based town.   

Is it flash, fancy or different-no, but if you are looking for a quick meal without breaking the bank, then here's your place.笑
I've been to many different locations but this one is by far my favorite. One of the ladies, Melissa, who often answers the phone and gives me my to-go orders is always friendly and helpful! 

I wish they'd offer an employee discount so I could justify ordering every day but the service and food is so good that I still order regularly regardless!笑
I took my friend who was visiting from out of town here for a nice restaurant experience.  Boy did we get an experience... My boyrfriend and I decided to share the factory combo of herb crusted salmon and shrimp scampi.  The salmon  was horribly undercooked in the middle!  I told the waiter and he tried to tell me that it wasn't and that if I wanted I could get another cooked piece.  At this point I was disgusted and wanted to order something else on the menu.  The waiter then came back and jokingly said okay you only have to pay half price for the combo since we only got half a meal :/ He then said he convinced the managers to comp. the meal.  I got my second plate of food which was also not very good.  Disgusted and disappointed I decided that we were just going to order our desert and get the check.  The combo had been comped as promise and we paid our bill.  Whatever change was left, we gave to the waiter.  As we were gathering our things he had the audacity to complain to us about his tip and said that he got us a free meal and spouted off some more bs as he walked away.  Never in my life have I had this happen to me.  We tipped the appropriate percent and he felt it wasn't enough and came to us, the patrons, and complained about something he should be grateful to receive.  This was TOTALLY UNPROFESSIONAL!!!  I then told the managers and they were outraged.  They told me that it was the waiters idea to only deduct half for the combo plate and theirs to comp the whole thing.  Not only was this waiter, named REX (?), rude and out of line, he was a LIAR.  The manager there was very apologetic and proceeded to the bakery to give me my choice of deserts.  This however, does not change the fact that we had a horrible, bland, undercooked meal and were treated like scum by their greedy rude waiter.  My friend from out of town never wants to eat at a Cheesecake Factory when she comes to Las Vegas ever again.

I should note that the lunch specials are pretty good when I go here to eat during work.  Tonight was the worst and is going to turn me away.笑
Our server was very patient with us considering that we were part of a big group but separate table.笑
I must say this location is the best one I've been too. It's located In the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace. After you shop go have lunch or early dinner at The Cheesecake Factory. The menu is gigantic which makes it difficult to decide what you want to eat! We ordered the hot wings for an appetizer which were good. Not too spicy for us.  I had the Shrimp Scampi over linguini which was very good. My hubby had the Chicken Parm over spaghetti. He loved it. The portions were a nice size very filling. My negative is this place gets crowded and the wait can be long. I would recommend this restaurant.笑
We came to the restaurant around 7 and were given a 40 minutes wait time. We came back and were given more time to wait. We got our table and the food was average. Beware of the crowds.笑
Believe it or not, this was my first time to go to a Cheesecake Factory. Don't know what I was waiting on. If all of them are as good as the one in Caesars Palace, then I've got a standby in every Metropolitan city in the country. This place is good.

The menu is gigantic, bordering on overwhelming. Most of the food was outstanding. My Salsbury steak was deluged with sage (not my favorite spice). That was about my only knock on the food. If only I had oredred one of the other 1400 items on the menu.

The service was nice and attentive. They gave me extra stuffed mushrooms because my first order, they said, had 5 instead of the prescribed 6. Nice touch! I would have never known what the correct number of mushrooms were. 

The setting was cavernous but it worked.

Smiley face and half a star.笑
Amazing food, amazing service, and the Lemonicello cake is probably the best thing I've ever eaten.  And trust me, I've eaten A LOT.笑
i was there for my friends dinner the day before the wedding.  i did not know before that you could have dinner there i thought it  was just cheesecakes :-)  i cant tell you the price because my friends mom payed . i would not have gone on my own because i was trying to do stuff unique to Vegas .  but the food here was really good and you get allot of it笑
Sangria and Red velvet cheesecake!

As I mentioned in another post I love this chain and wish they'd come to Ireland. After dinner at Grimaldi's in the Venetian we came here for dessert.

Queued for about 40 minutes and got three seats at the bar.

I chose red velvet cheesecake and sangria.

Red velvet has got to be my favourite. Enjoy the pics ;)笑
Can't miss with the chix salad sandwich. Splitted it with the chopped salad. Yum o.  Jennifer was a great server. Thanks.  Surprised to see how quiet it was. Thank god because we were hungry.   Finished with the new salted Carmel cheesecake. Very good.笑
This place was busy for lunch but we were both hungry and neither of us knew what we wanted, so we came here.  As always, the menu is huge.  Service was fantastic and quick.  It wasn't very loud, and you can't hear anything from the Fall of Atlantis show that's just outside.  Both of our food dishes were very yummy and my Mai Tai was made superbly.  I would very much return, this is one of the best Cheesecake Factories I've been to.笑
Hubby and I were enjoying a date night without the kiddo after a long crazy week and decided we needed to eat at the one and only chain restaurant we absolutely adore - The Cheesecake Factory. It was a Tuesday night around 9:30p and there was a 40 minute wait. Between exploring nearby shops and good conversation the time passed quickly. We were sat at a table near the back on the first floor and our waiter was with us right away. He took awesome care of us all evening - some of the best service I've had at a Cheesecake Factory. 

We recently learned how much we love their loaded Nachos. So we ordered them with the "spicy" chicken to share. For dessert, we tried to new chocolate coffee cheesecake and also the Godiva brownie sundae (one of our go-tos). The new Cheesecake had great flavor, but not quite the same texture as other cheesecakes.....it felt like it stuck to my mouth in different way. Overall it was good, but next time I think we'll go back to one of our favorites (Oreo or Reese's).  

There's so much good food here! I know the menu can be over-whelming. I'm not much for their pizzas and I feel their burgers are just fine. I usually prefer a crazy Appetizer (any of the awesome egg rolls or fried Mac & cheese balls) or a salad if I want something light (Cobb or Greek).笑
Food is great, but this place is reallyyyy popular, so you'll probably be waiting a bit to be seated. If you can, get a table in the courtyard so you can watch the show.笑
this place has great food and amazing customer service. a customer was lashing out at a waitress just a couple feet away from my table. and after the incident the manager Rob walked over to us and apologized for what we had to see. It was very kind of him to do that.笑
Im here Johnathan M... a wonderful server... look yall, i came in here with major dizziness ... blood sugar was super low.. he gave me a basket of fries right away.  He suggested dishes that were amazing ans checked on my very often.. im not one to ever order desserts.. but i had to show my appreciation for this place. Johnathan is very informative and amazing!! What a lovely experiemce.. living here in vegas... im so running back to the strip for lunch often.. cheese cake... yall did good, Johnathan is wonderful笑
Great place!  Put your name in and browse the shops.  Just make sure to check back because they told us 45 minutes and our table was ready in 20.  The waiter was very nice, warned me against a drink he said, and I quote, " a waste of $8" LOL  The food was awesome.  Order the Rasberry Lemon cheesecake...everyone in our party is STILL talking about it a month later.笑
Pros: AMAZING FOOD. Great view. Beautiful location. It's HUGE! Great waiters, the drinks tasted spectacular...want me to continue?
Cons: People at the front desk were kinda rude. Maybe that's cause they were busy.
Cloak Anecdote: People looked at me funny when I whipped out my giant DSLR+flash in the middle of the restaurant and started taking pictures of my food. Hey, I'm a photographer. Deal with it.

I fell in love the moment I saw this Cheesecake Factory.
It was huge, and glowing with purple...it was majestic. 
We had to wait 15 minutes, but that was okay, cause I just went into Express while I waited and then I looked at the fishies swimming around.

I went inside and was greeted by this host who was full of life and really brightened my day as he led me to my table (I was having a bad day up until that point). 

The waiter was even better. He was super nice and accomodating. He refilled my drinks before I even realized my drink was gone.  He boxed up our food and everything-something not all CF waiters offer to do.

And is it just me, or does the Coca-cola taste AMAZING?!?! 

The food-oh my Caesar (bad pun). I ordered the garlic noodles and they were flour-y bundles of goodness soaked in garlic butter and garnished with large, luscious shrimp. If it wasn't for the fact that I stress-ate myself to oblivion in the previous hour I would've eaten it all and gained 2340398034975304 pounds(and that is not a hyperbole).
My sister ordered the salad and loved it. It was seriously the BIGGEST salad I'd ever seen.Two huge mounds of salad adorned with ranch. Impressive.

Would I go here again?
The question is, WHEN will I go here again?笑
The food is mediocre. 10 years ago, this place used to be good, but now it's like an Applebee's with higher prices. The reason for even 2 stars is because of the service and the cheesecakes are great! I would only come here to eat a cheesecake. Other than that, the food is 1 star. 
Here is my 2 cents. They have like 20 pages of food and it's like reading a damn book, trying to get through the whole menu and trying to figure out what you want. That's like a 10 min ordeal just going through all those pages and by that time, you really worked up an appetite. With such a huge selection, how does the company expect to make good food and perfect a dish? They can't with 100 dishes they have to cook and remember. Id just shoot myself if I was the chef and had to memorize that menu and try to cook it. Condense the menu and make at least one thing right and delicious. 
The pasta I got was bland and said light marinara. It was drenched in Mariana and it was suppose to have a lemon and garlic taste. Didn't taste anything but bland tomato sauce. My bf got chicken and biscuits. The chicken was a joke. It looked like thin floppy slices that you get from a container to.make sandwiches. Im not even sure if it was chicken. McDonald's sells better and bigger chicken breasts. Seriously, the chicken looked so flat, it looked like a flat pancake. Very unappealing and unnatural. It's a shame that this place went downhill.笑
Food was delicious, service great, consistent just like All the other cheesecake factory.
Sweet brown bread was so good, pasta perfect! 
Love their blueberry & white chocolate cheesecake!笑
My favorite since forever.
Has never disappointed.
Portions feed an army.
Sit outside and view all the tourists of Las Vegas that venture into the Forum Shops of
Caesar's Palace.  People watching Locale.
Of course, save room for dessert.笑
I love this restaurant! First it's mostly only a 5 minute wait because the restaurant is huge Second service is great. Also, the restraint is clean and the food is great. Plus if you get a view outside you'll get a view of the show or the huge aquarium.笑
Ridiculously long wait for service when the restaurant was otherwise slow, and the food was barely passable.

Our waitress appeared disheveled, and she certainly wasn't very efficient. We waited more than one hour for our food, and the food is quite simple. The restaurant was also not very busy. We had a burrito, a salad, lettuce wrap tacos, and a cheese only omelette. Normally this would be served up in 25 to 35 minutes.

When the food get arrived, we pointed out to the waitress that one of the classes was horribly dirty, with a big brown ring around the inside of it. She wished it away, and laughed about it. Later, she returned again laughing, and said, don't worry about it, it was only a bad stain and not scum on the inside of the glass.

Overall, a great disappointment and we will definitely not be returning to this particular location. It was not at all up to the standards of what I have come to expect from the Cheesecake Factory, which isn't all that exciting anyway.笑
The cheesecake factory has always been my favorite restaurant. I have been to them pretty much everywhere around the states. Well, the one here in Vegas at Caesar's Palace wasn't the best experience. Fist off the hostess had an attitude. Second, the waiter seemed to be annoyed that we arrived at 10:30pm when they don't close until 11:30pm. I guess he wanted to get out early?? He didn't bring bread, our food came and we had to ask for bread. He didn't bring water, so we had to ask for water. Never came to check on us except to see if we needed to go boxes. Just a bad experience.笑
I recently tackled an ambitious multi-course dinner here, which was both stomach filling and palate pleasing.  

For starters, I began with Crispy Fried Cheese, which was composed of a nice mix of both Mozzarella and Fontina Cheeses.  Following close behind were pan-fried Chicken Pot Stickers, which were satisfying doused in a Ginger & Soy Dipping Sauce, and SkinnyLicious Shrimp Summer Rolls that were wrapped in Rice Paper along with asparagus and Shitake Mushrooms.  The cold, fairly wide (not particularly skinny) rolls were lip-smacking good dipped in  either a provided Chili Dip or Peanut Dip. 

Next a large cup of spicy Tortilla Soup that would be labeled a "bowl" most everywhere else contained a pleasant but unusual concoction of rice- and corn-filled enchilada-flavored liquid.  Complimentary Brown Bread was excellent.

Although by this time more food was hardly necessary, a packed California Cheesesteak that was filled with thinly sliced grilled steak, onions, peppers, and melted cheese, and covered with sauteed mushrooms inside a toasted Ciabatta Roll, was nicely done.  Accompanying French Fries were good, and the Cole Slaw that went with Diane's Fried Shrimp Platter was cool and creamy.  Obviously there was no further room for dessert, so it was forsworn.        

Delivery was late on Diane's ordered Root Beer.  Otherwise service was very attentive.  A California casual atmosphere well suited my choice of sandwich.  

XXXX-1/2 Overall!笑
The 3 different appetizers we got were VERY good. Tater Tots Fried Mac & Cheese Avocado Egg-rolls, the sauce for the egg rolls was  delicious. Of course the bread  was good, my favorite was the honey wheat. The hostess were very nice and friendly. Our waiter was ok. However both dinner plates we got were  Eggplant Parmigiana with Pesto pasta & the Shrimp /Sausage rigatoni pasta. We didn't have any dessert. If I would have liked either one of our dinner plates I'd give it better star rating. Oh we sat outside and enjoyed the view of the large fish tank. Best seat in the house笑
You can never go wrong with this chain!  I have never had a bad meal.  I love the chicken and biscuits,  as well as a grilled chicken dish with asparagus and mushrooms.  The red velvet cheesecake is my all time favorite.  Be prepared to wait, even with a reservation.笑
My friends and I normally hit this restaurant whenever we go out. Sometimes you do have to wait awhile to get a table. 

The food is decent. The decor is nice.The staff is friendly. Honestly I would rather buy a cheesecake then eat the appetizers/entree's.

Go for the gold...skip the food go for the dessert!笑
Best Restaurant in all of the Forum Shops!!!  Reasonable prices for food, especially Vegas Food. (YIKES)   But great food and great service!!!!笑
After a long walking around.  Since we had a late breakfast, my daughter and I got a bit hungry while waiting for the rest of our family who went gambling at the casino.  After, looking around to get a bite, we decided to try this restaurant.  Since it's 3 pm...we decided to get a light lunch and try their so called cheesecake.   The kale salad was great and the crab cakes wasn't that bad...the cheesecake was so good. So overall, service was ok, food is good and cheesecake is definitely a thumbs up!笑
We went here because we had family in town & they were staying at Caesars Palace & wanted to eat here. It's nice & big but because it's on the strip in the forum shops, the wait to get seated is kind of long. They have to call us on our cellphone to let us know when seating is available.

When you get inside, it feels kind of cramped. It took a longer time then normal to get our orders taken. The have a big menu. So much to choose from. They even have a menu for people watching their calories.  

For refreshments, I had the strawberry lemonade. It was super tangy. Very strong flavor. I'm not sure if it's just me because I'm pregnant & my taste buds are more sensitive or it really is just super sour.

It took a long time to get our food & honestly it wasn't very satisfying. Our appetizers were ok. I had the eggplant Parmesan & it was bland but the linguini noodles was super salty. I couldn't finish my meal. The only thing I like about Cheesecake Factory is their cheesecakes.笑
Der lange Weg durch die Forum Shops im Caesars Palace war es wert: das Schlaraffenland für Cheesecake Fans. Der Laden macht seinem Namen alle Ehre. Die Auswahl ist riesig, geschätzt 30 Varianten von Original, Oreo, Nussig, Fruchtig (z.b. mit Himbeeren), Karamell, White Chocolate... ich kanns gar nicht alles aufzählen. Wer hier nicht auf den Geschmack kommt, selber schuld. 
Ich hatte den White-Choclate-Rasberry Traum und mein Mann den Herscheys-Chocolate Cheesecake. Beide waren meeeega lecker!!! 
Die Bedienung war sehr zuvorkommend. Preise liegen zwischen 7 und 8 USD, kann aber locker von der Größe her mit einem Mittagessen konkurieren. 
Yummi - ich komme wieder!!!!笑
My husband  and I came here on our first date, some years ago, but we went to the Summerlin location where there was an hour long wait, and ended up here. I got a salad and he got the thai noodle dish. We decided to go here again for date night during the week (now that he works days we can do things during the week, which is nice). We were able to get a table upstairs right away. Weekends are crazy busy-waits can be less painful by gazing at the very impressive aquarium featuring many different kinds of fish and some rays. This is a popular place among tourists so be prepared to wait. 

The service is very good (refilled drinks). We were presented with a bread basket (sourdough & honey oat) within minutes of being seated. Our drinks came right away. I ordered the chicken and shrimp gumbo (came with chunks of sausage and a large scoop of rice in the middle) while my husband ordered the shepherd's pie. The menu is about 19 pages long including 34 varieties of cheesecake! It was almost hard to choose something since there are so many choices. Most of the dishes are served on huge white plates (more like platters). It didn't seem too long for our dinners to arrive. The presentation was nice- parsley generously sprinkled around the entire perimeter of my plate. My husband thought that my dinner was small, but I only ate half of it, and took the rest home (as did he). The gumbo was good, but not traditional, in that the broth was clear, and secondly, there were big chunks of tomatoes. I thought that this is worth mentioning since I am a big fan of the traditional style gumbo with the roux (oyster bar at stations). The dish My husband's dinner was good and large (compared to mine), but I am not really a fan of this dish. 

For both our dinners, one drink, one water, it was about $35 plus tip. The ambiance (there is patio seating available), the service, the food, the wide variety of menu items, including cheesecake, the complimentary bread basket, and the location make this chain restaurant very attractive. (As busy as this one is, the one in Oahu seems to be the busiest CF location ever. This is the original location in Las Vegas; two others in Summerlin and Green Valley.) Also worth mentioning, the free show,  and the shopping is great- from the Gap, Bath & Body Works, the always-packed Apple store, and Victoria's Secret in the original part of the Forum Shops. Newly expanded stores include: Swatch, Tommy Bahama, Harry Winston, and Anthropologie. It might be confusing to some people how the different levels are, but just ask someone to point you in the right direction.笑
Wonderful and large plates means a take out bag every time. Lots of variety to please. Cheesecakes that go on for days! Always satisfied with this chain.笑
I tend to stay away from chain restaurants but after calling other booked restaurants and not wanting a full meal we decided on CCF.  We had a salad and cake at the bar.  Our server/bartender was great...and cute.  

I would go back for lunch but I learned my lesson about making reservations early.笑
We ended up here twice in our Vegas stay. They are open to mixing up the menu a bit (adding, subtracting things) The servers kept our drinks up. The food came out hot. Our dinner was fantastic. 
On our lunch there, our server was somewhat non-existent,  and our food was eh. My alfredo came out rather watery, and broccoli undercooked, but it was okay. 
Which is why this review got 4 stars instead of 5.笑
Excellent service, excellent food and the cheesecake is to die for!!! Try the meatloaf.笑
Thinking about coming to Cheesecake Factory? Well it better be your cheat day because when I tell you that the level of calories in almost everything on the menu is threw the roof! I like this place because it reminds me a tad bit of the Grand Lux café. I am a cheesecake lover so the variety of cheesecakes that they have to offer are superb! The customer service here is always great from the many times I have visited. This location being inside of Caesars Palace so of course you know they have to step it up! For the food my friends and I ordered the Hot Spinach and Cheese dip along with the Fried Mac'n cheese bites for the appetizers. If you are into burgers at all look under the "Glamburgers" on the menu and try out the Macaroni and Cheese Burger! Sounds weird but trust me it has to be the best burger on the menu! Thai Chicken Pasta followed by the Miso Salmon were the remainder of dishes we ordered! Nobody had any complaints! I guess you can say it was a successful dinner, but wait.. that's not it! You can't come to The Cheesecake Factory and not get some cheesecake for desert! My favorite is the Red Velvet and Tiramisu! As I mentioned earlier there are plenty of options to choose from so do your taste buds a favor and indulge in one of them!笑
Love this place! Came here last year and this year as well when I visited Vegas. I love the pasta here. The cheesecakes are great too, but it is super sweet. If you come at the right timing, they have a show in the evening on top of the fish tank. It was pretty cool. Service here was great, but we had a server coming up to us asking if an order was ours (not very professional...).笑
Heerlijk gegeten weer hier. De meest uitgebreide kaart die je je maar kunt bedenken met alleen maar pareltjes van gerechten. Kwalitatief hoogstaand. Zal aantal foto's plaatsen van favoriete gerechten笑
Great experience at this restaurant. The server was very nice and personable. We had to been been shrimp, calamari, and bite-size crabcakes.  There is a really nice aquarium right outside of the restaurant. So, while you wait you can look at the live fish.笑
Long story short there was 11 of us today and it took an hour after we were done eating to get our checks right and they still were not correct by the 4th time. We waited very patiently but still no manager came by to greet us or help with the situation. After going to several Cheesecake Factory's I would say there food is good but service could be better笑
This is a great location. Everytime I have been here either it be for dinner take out or just drinks the food and the staff have never let me down. 

They are always super busy but you usually don't wait long to get in. The staff makes sure your taken care of, the only time I've had to really wait was when paying the bill. They could use more registers but that's such a small thing. 

Next time you go get the fried chicken sliders. Especially if your not that hungry because we all know how big those Cheesecake Factory portions are. You get 4 and they are SOOOO good. The bartenders here are super friendly and make great recommendations. I wish  I could remember that one guys name because he is the best!笑
Located deep inside the Forum shopping Arcade in Caesars Palace this place is always a more casual dining treat for us that never disappoints; If only becau of the amusement at the size of the portions! 

The menu is immense, the service efficient and the atmosphere lively. 

The dishes are too numerous and eclectic to recumbent anything specific, but I would recommend you don't have both an app and main course (I promise you, it will be far too much food!), choose one or the other and save yourself for a cheesecake. 

Don't expect haute cuisine, just generously portioned indulgence!笑
Absolutely horrible service. Six of us came here today (as in I'm writing this from the table) and it took nearly an hour to get our meals. When our meals came out, one of the heuvos rancheros was really undercooked. We sent the meal back and it took another 20 minutes to get it back. Although the manager came over, he didn't apologize or anything. He just said, it will be out in two minutes...and it took another 8-10. In addition to this debacle, drinks took forever to come out and they forgot to give us basic condiments like syrup for our french toast. This was a really horrible experience. I think the manager and our waitress (Patricia A.) should be fired for incompetence and poor customer service.笑
Ich kannte Cheesecake Factory aus San Francisco. Der Laden im Caesars Palace in Vegas war etwas legerer mit kleinerer Auswahl, aber trotzdem sehr lecker mit zuvorkommender Bedienung, selbst für US-Verhältnisse.
Wie gesagt befindet sich dieses Restaurant im Caesars Palace, und zwar am Ende der Forum Shops. Nicht verpassen!笑
Great service as usual. TCF is one of the only restaurant chains that has good service no matter the location. They make dining options easy for me when I'm somewhere unfamiliar. 

Caribbean Cooler 10.95
Strawberry Lemonade 4.95
Tomato Basil Pasta 14.50
Fish Tacos 13.95
Caramel Macadamia cheesecake 7.50

51.85 pls tax笑
There are plenty of amazing restaurants in Vegas but we always end up coming here and sometimes more than once. The service and food is always consistent and always great no matter which place it is. There's an aquarium right in front of it so it's not boring while you wait and sometimes there are divers in there which is pretty cool. 

We had the pasta with meat sauce, steaks and a mushroom pasta which were all amazing. I would come back again and again!笑
The food and service is always great when we come here. 
We got the garlic cheese bread as an appetizer: excellent!
I got the mushroom burger, which was delicious since I'm a big mushroom lover. 
For dessert, I got the red velvet cheesecake... Amazing!! 

We will be back!笑
With so many high end restaurants in Vegas, it's nice to have the option of a restaurant with good food for less than $20 a person (without cheesecake, of course).

My SO loves the herb roasted chicken ($18.50). It's very flavorful.  I generally like the goat cheese pear flatbread but last time I had it a this location is was lacking flavour, so this time I opted for the skinny-licious turkey sandwich. I believe the menu said it was oven roast turkey breast, so I expected hot but it was just cold turkey meat. The bun was delicious.

FYI - my SO is looking over my shoulder and does not agree with my 3 star rating. He says his chicken is 4 stars. He can write his own review笑
The two stars are for our server only. He was incredible and really went out of his way to help make sure the dining experience was not a total loss.  However, the food was just plain dissapointing.  My mom ordered a pear and walnut salad with bleu cheese.  It came out with some cheese that did not taste like bleu, about 5 walnuts, and no pears.  So when we asked the waiter for some pears, he apologized and went to get a manager.  About 10 minutes later another waiter plopped down a small dish of cut pairs on it and left without another word.  The pears were dry, all 3 of them.  The rest of us all had hamburgers, and while the meat and toppings were good, the buns were soggy.  I know I shouldn't expect much from here for the food, I mean we all come here really for the cheesecake, but if a restaurant is going to have such an extensive menu, the food should at least be palatable and decent.笑
Very slow service. Waited on my potatoes and was told they were unavailable after everyone else got their food. I had to wait on my food while my group ate. My replacement mash had a large chicken bone in it and I am vegetarian. It was pretty disgusting. We had to wait 30 mins for our food. The service was slow and very disappointing.笑
I would give this Cheescake Factory location a better review if they had handled our large group a little better.  They don't take reservations and we had a party of 13.  They gave us the runaround for at least 1.5hrs regarding when we'd be seated.  We tried to kill time in the mall but it truly was a painful wait.  It was moderately frustrating to watch people show up, eat a meal and leave.

Aside from this, everything else was great.  The Grilled Chicken Tostada Salad is massive and I had second meal with my leftovers.  The Mango Key Lime Cheesecake is tart and delicious.  I wasn't expecting the crust to include coconut.  I do think they add waaaay too much whipped cream to the plate.  Most people who had desert hardly touched it and it seems like a huge waste.     

Our server was friendly and swift.  I don't know if this is normal because they may have been kissing our butt due to the seating issue.  Either way, the experience once we sat down was lovely and I'd definitely return, with a much smaller group this time.  I wouldn't go back with a party larger than 4 or 6.笑
This was definitely a "Meh. I've had batter" My girlfriend and I love cheesecake factory and have been to many different locations. 

While at the one in SF we had the best dinner. I ate the spicy crispy beef, which by the way i highly highly recommend. 

I intended on enjoying a similar experience here, however left dissatisfied. 

We were sat right next to the entrance to the kitchen, which usually doesn't bother us, but just added to the roughness of the experience. The server was rude, prompt, and showed more of a desire to go home, than to do her job. 

Long story short. it was a sub par cheesecake experience.笑
I've been to many a Cheesecake Factory, and this one was no different... And that's a good thing! We went here for lunch, while walking the strip.  The food and service are on par, and you can't beat sitting on the "Patio" and watching the fish and tourists walk by.  You even get some romantic mood lighting and action brought to you in part by the "Neptune, King of the Ocean" Show playing sporadically throughout  your meal.  We got a kick out of this.  I always love the Santa Fe avocado rolls and the Chinese Chicken salad... Sometimes it's good just to go for something you like, and save the "adventurous eating" for dinner that night.笑
you cant go wrong with the factory.  i was a bit skeptical about this particualr one, especially sucha large hi traffic location we were seated right away on a fridayafternoon, i had athe shrimp blt and green iced tea, service was great and attentive , i guess they need to get customer out with a quickness..somewhat pricey , but almost evrything on their menu you cant go wrong,笑
Being located inside the Caesar palace expect to have a wait when you come to this location. Today around lunch time though we got seated quickly. The food here is okay. They have a large selection of food, too much to choose from. Having so many options can get dangerous haha. I ordered the miso salmon from the lunch menu. It was a good portion, just enough to get me full and leave room for dessert.

Just like the food menu there is a large selection of cheesecake and other desserts here. Today we ordered the strawberry shortcake and the new salted caramel cheesecake. Strawberry shortcake was really good but the cheesecake was a little too sweet for my tasting. I would come back here.笑
This Cheesecake Factory location was very busy with a long wait- though our table was ready when they said it would be. The dulce de leche Cheesecake was 5 stars for sure- everything else from service to food was good, not great. We definitely had enough leftovers for another full meal, which made the price right.笑
The service was fast. Wonderful servers were constantly making sure we had enough to drink and that our dining experience at par.  I would highly suggest the key lime mango cheesecake.笑
The food is solid 5 stars, the service however is 3 at the most. Therefore, we'll split the difference and give this location 4 stars. The place is huge, two stories in fact, so it could easily accommodate a crowd. Food was great with huge portions, but like I said earlier the service was slow and the waiter was not attentive at all.笑
I mean, what can you say about The Cheesecake Factory?  The best part about going into a Cheesecake is that you know what you're going to get.  Everything's the same - the decor, the menu, etc.  Fortunately, there are so many things on the menu you would have to go there 50 times before you tried everything.  

This one is inside the Mall at Caesar's.  Great location.  Friendly staff.  I got the BBQ burger.  It was really good.  

Weirdest point of the evening though - I'm trying to remember if all the Cheesecakes are this way, but whatever I can't.  The floor was covered in grease.  Seriously - I was sliding around the joint.  I'm like - what is this Ice Capades?  Cheesecake Factory is the only place in Vegas where you can pirouette while deep throating a burger.  Nothing like a little entertainment with your meal, right?  

My advice is for the ladies to hold off on the heels while dining here, otherwise it's a solid meal.笑
I suggest you request a table during the Greek god/fire show (whatever it is) they have right across from the restaurant. We put our name down towards the end of the show and as soon as the show ended the entire crowd headed to the Cheesecake Factory and the wait was over an hour. We waited 15 minutes. Also, request to sit inside and away from the show, the 2nd time around it started while we were dining and it was extremely loud and annoying! The food and service here was great. Had the salmon with lemon sauce, asparagus and mashed potatoes, so delicious and very filling. Didn't have room for cheesecake :(笑
Do NOT eat here if you are gluten free.  I ordered a burger from the gluten free menu and they served it on a wheat bun.笑
Went here with three family members while on vacation. We shared two nachos orders and now we all have food poisoning. Not how I imagined spending my time in Vegas! Needless to say I don't recommend eating at this location.笑
Definitely the shortest wait for a Cheesecake Factory I've ever had! We waited about 15+ minutes on a Friday night, which I consider to be great. In addition, I especially appreciated it because it was CHEAP by Vegas standards. Plus, their chicken pot stickers are to die for. I was drinking sauce with a spoon, embarrassingly enough. I had the chicken piccata, which wasn't the best I ever had but it was fairly good. They gave me an absolute ton of food, which I could not finish. My boyfriend had the spicy chicken sandwich with buffalo sauce, which he enjoyed. For the two of us (2 entrees, 1 cocktail, 1 soda, 1 appetizer), it came to $47 with tax, I believe. Not half bad. The service was really good, and the place was absolutely packed. Great experience!笑
Surprisingly there was no wait and we got sat right away. The service was a little slow but it was also really busy. Our bread came out right before we got our food. I always get chicken farfalle because it's my favorite. Maybe it was because it was really busy but the sauce was super runny to the point it was almost soup. The noodles seemed a little hard as if they weren't cooked long enough. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't the best experience I've had at Cheesecake Factory笑
I've always been hoping to come here but the nearest Cheesecake Factory is pretty far from me, so you can image my delight that I found one while on vacation in Las Vegas. I glad to say I was not disappointed. The drinks are delicious and the dessert was perfect and what can I say about the meal itself,,, it was just what I was hoping for and more. I look forward to being able to visit again.笑
They let us dine with our own premade 50/50 lemon aid + Tequila; only in Vegas! If you sit near the mall, the never ending mechanical play can get annoying.笑
Great food, friendly staff, and great service. Great place to get together with friends and family. They also have the best cheesecake in town !! There might be a bit of a wait, as it is a favorite place to go to eat, when shopping in the Caesar's Forum.笑
We basically went to the Cheesecake Factory because we are addicted to two things: cheesecake and Big Bang Theory.

What a surprise! Not only you get an amazing choice of cheesecakes (and cakes in general) which are just delicious... but also the food is great! I've tried the Smokehouse BBQ Burger twice and I have to admit it was one of the best I've ever had and better than the one I had at Gordon Ramsay's BurGR the day before.

Definitely recommended (it's also non-expensive), but remember to show up early (or late) for dinner as the place is always packed!笑
I was getting really tired of the overpriced ho hum food in vegas, everything tries to be fancy and special but I knew that I could come home to the SF bay area and pay half as much for something better.

But the Cheesecake factory was a very good deal for Vegas food. It's just as good as the others I have been to and the prices are very fair, especially for lunch. If it was closer to where we were staying at I would have ate there everyday.笑
Today is my mom's birthday so I bought the cake 59 dollar. They said cake ll b ready in 5 mins after that I don't know what's going on I have to wait forever they said they don't have a box for cake. I can't imagine what I got from them...I called manager and he treat me really bad. Cuz I look like kid...but doesn't matter ok!!!! I don't need free stuff just learn how to treat nice to customer!!!!笑
Love this place. Great food and great service. Highly recommend this place. Been there twice over two year's  and both times were great. Wait was reasonable to get a table both times. Got desert because it looked so good, had to take it to go, I was too full.笑
Cheesecake and comfort food.  Service is a bit slow especially upstairs so avoid if possible.  Server was never around to ask for refills or other items needed.  Tip reflected the service.笑
Absolutely love this restaurant! The menu is overwhelming but I love the variety. 

My favorite drink is the Georgia peach! Although i didn't taste much alcohol in it but it's delicious!

I use to only order the Navajo sandwich which has chicken, avocado, tomato, onions, lettuce in a fry bread. But then I started ordering the MISO SALMON. & Oh my goodness!!! My new favorite dish. Salmon was cooked to perfection, very moist, and was on top of a bead of rice. Surrounding the rice was some kind of creamy white sauce which was amazing and compliments the dish very well, along with chikapeas. I asked the server what sauce it was and she said its some kind of lemon sauce which didn't taste like it at all. Seemed like it has some mayo in it mixed with something else. My mom said it tasted like it had some coconut cream in it. I'll have to ask the server again.

I highly recommend the miso salmon!!

& of course the love the bread and butter :)笑
I came here with a friend and decided to sit at the booth. Jeremy served us from the bar & made the experience. My friend and I both ordered the grilled fish tacos. The server suggested we share the plate considering there were 4 large tacos. The suggestion was spot on! The tacos were delicious and the perfect portion size. 
A glass of chianti and the fish tacos from this place won't disappoint!笑
I'm not a fan of chain restaurants for many reasons but I'll give an exception this time. For an appetizer I ordered the Portabella Mushroom Avocado and Zucchini Fries oh sooo good! Seriously you have to try it! For my main course meal I choose Evelyn's favorite pasta! Now I can say why it was her favorite! It's now mines too! Lol pasta was more of a vegan dish since it had 
Penne Tossed with Broccoli, Oven-Dried Tomato, Roasted Eggplant, Peppers, Artichoke, Kalamata Olives, Garlic and Pine Nuts. Ahh sooo good! And lastly for dessert my server suggested to try out their tiramisu cake, I enjoyed it it was full of flavor very moist and could definitely taste the coffee the only bad thing I'd say was the waiting time it took about 50 mins to be seated we were given a receipt with a check back in time. We however used that time to walk and browse around the forum shops :)笑
Amazing! Having never been to a Cheesecake Factory before, I was very impressed. Prompt service, even with a long line. Got the luau salad for lunch, it was quite different but very tasty. I expected the prices to be crazy, but they were very affordable. 

We were so impressed, we came back for dinner. The pasta was so good, Even though I was stuffed, the meal was so good that I couldn't stop eating. My husbands "medium" steak came out super rare, but he ate it anyway and said it was good. He didn't get any veggies with his steak, just a bowl of mashed potatoes, with a few onion rings plopped on top. Besides the weird steak dinner, the food was still excellent, as well as the service. Next time we are in Vegas, we will stop here again for sure.笑
I've certainly eaten at other Cheesecake Factories around the U.S., so I had an idea what to expect. The Las Vegas location was a pleasant surprise.

My boyfriend (vegan) and I (vegetarian) were armed in the knowledge that, with the insanely large menu the Factory boasts, there will surely be something for us here. We shared the lettuce wrap appetizer, and I had the margareta flatbread, then a grown-up milkshake for dessert.

Because we ordered the lettuce wrap sans-poultry, the server brought us avocado to sub. This was the most surprising part of the meal: the lettuce wrap consisted of ultra fresh, crisp vegetables and delicious sauces. I would absolutely order this again, though I'm not much for salady wrap things.

My flatbread was crisp and warm (it's hard to mess up a margareta pizza, and the Cheesecake Factory provided the standard delicious flavour I'm expecting.) The milkshake included caramel, pretzels, booze, ice cream, whipped cream. An insane indulgence but truly flavourful, and I highly recommend this if (like me) you love the sweet and salty combination.

The FORVM Atlantis fountain show in the background can get irritating if you're not seated within the restaurant. (FFS, pick an heir to the kingdom already, aargh.)

For a large-scale, affordable (for Vegas) chain-restaurant, Cheesecake Factory offered us surprisingly fresh food and efficient service.笑
Met friends for Happy Hour.  It's cold outside and there's not enough seating in the bar area and no place to hang your coats.  Prices were high.  I think I'll suggest Brio for HH next time.笑
THE worst manger I have ever dealt with EVER. I had a party of 8, 2 were in the bathroom and they refused to seat us until 90% of our party was here. They finally seat us after 15 minutes (as we are still waiting for the 2 in our party). They give us 2 booths back to back. We wanted a table together. We saw 2 tables so we asked our waitress if we could connect the tables and sit together so she went to go ask. In the meantime we start setting up the tables. The manager (Amid which refused to give us his full name) walks up to all EIGHT of us (this is the first time I've seen this man) with an attitude and starts saying very rudely get up, no this is not what we agreed on either move tables or don't dine with us and get out. My sister calmly says we did not agree on anything and I have never seen you before. I dealt with the hostess. He says no no no and does not let my sister finish her statement as were walking away my brother asks what is your name I'm leaving a review he says Amid we then ask what is your last name he then proceeded to say I will not tell you we go back and forth for five minutes then says get out or I'll call security.
Now to me this is no way to manage a restaurant I felt disrespected. 
I would definitely not recommend this location!笑
Had the typical great Cheesecake Factory meal here.  One of the few chain restaurants that the meal is always consistently good.笑
I went on a Wednesday night thinking it would be fairly slow but I was wrong! My guest and I got there and were immediately seated which was great. I ordered a steak, not sure which one but it was delicious. It also comes with your choice of french fries, onion rings, mashed potatoes, or a baked potato. I chose the french fries. The service was awesome. Very friendly staff.

This was about my 4th visit and I will definitely keep coming back and I will also recommend it!笑
This Cheesecake Factory provided some of the best service I've ever gotten at any restaurant. True to any CF, there's a huge menu and even bigger portions. The server was extremely helpful and very nice. Everything was served quickly and loved the atmosphere. Would highly recommend going there again!笑
And who doesn't need a trip through the Shoppes at the Forum and an excuse to perhaps catch the statue show?
While I don't get the allure of eating a meal at this chain, I will wait in line for a slice of cheesecake.  I hadn't visited one in a long time so this may be old news but there seemed some new additions to the menu of slice choices.
I chose Craig's Crazy Carrot cake... The clerk threw in two forks- as if I was going to share- not this gal. Fantastic!笑
Standard cheesecake factory restaurant with typically extra long wait because of the location and the prices tend to be a little higher then usual also due to the fact that it is located I. The heart of Caesars Palace.笑
Went here last night with a few friends around midnight (so they weren't busy at all) I was disappointed with the food first I ordered the Dynamite Shrimp the shrimp was WAY too over fried that I had to peel off the fried part and just eat the shrimp also the sauce that came with made me & my husbands stomach hurt. We also ordered the Louisiana Pasta which we had to send back to the kitchen because there was almost no sauce on the pasta. Salads were good but I asked for the smallest caesar &  she ended up bringing & charging me for the bigger one. We had to ask for lemons for our water 4 times before finally getting them. I do love Cheesecake Factory but last night I wasn't happy with my experience.笑
My friend and I decided to check this branch of the chain out right before I left for the military. There was a slight wait but they got us a table almost immediately which was great! 
Our waiter was really sweet and took care of us, definitely a plus in my book. Rude waiters are no fun. 
The food was good and came out in relatively good time. Our waiter set us up with some drinks and he checked in with us regularly. 
Next time I'm back home I'll definitely be stopping by!笑
There isn't a Cheesecake Factory in my city, so I don't mind one bit visiting this one when I'm out in Vegas. Though it's location at the very end of the Forum Shops at Caesar's is a bit inconvenient, the longest I've had to wait for a seat was 40 minutes even during busier seasons (once for a party of 11 and once for a party of 4).

Both times I've eaten here, the service was impeccable, and of course the portions are huge, the food tasty, and all well worth the price. My friend swears by the Chicken Madeira, though I never order it because I don't eat mushrooms. The mac-and-cheese burger is delicious, as is the chicken burrito (though I would have preferred it to have shredded chicken rather than cubed). I also really enjoy the Flying Gorilla alcoholic milkshake.

I don't eat here EVERY time I go to Vegas, but it's definitely a good option, and probably one of the better ones in regards to price - especially in the Forum Shops. Again, I can't stress enough that both times I ate here the service was great (in a town where I usually find the service to be average at best).笑
Walking through Cesars Palace we stumbled up Cheesecake Factory.  Was disappointed at first when we were seated upstairs in a small table right next to the kitchen doors where there was foot traffic galore.  We spotted an open booth and they happily moved us.  Thank gosh because it was probably the most awkward place to sit especially on a first date!  Whatever you are looking for, Cheesecake Factory has it.  I become impressed with menus that have options for a lower calorie meal, although 600 calories doesnt seem that low to me!  I ordered the healthy delight salmon with veggies.  I could have finished the entire thing but didn't want to look like a piglet! It was pretty great!  I was very pleased when in the mixed veggies a little bit of squash and eggplant was mixed in, it wasn't your basic green beans and carrots.  Although, there was green beans and carrots!  But it was all so good!  Service was very kind, prompt, although I had to ask 3 times for a straw and still never received one!  
The wait on a Friday night wasn't long, I think we got there at a good time because it was packed!笑
Yummy, huge portions, and fantastic service. It's a little pricey, but not too bad. The waitress brought us a special slice of wedding cheesecake adorned with candles. Very sweet.笑
Service is amazing here! It's actually bigger than it looks from the outside which is nice because we didn't have a wait time to be seated . Love the dishes here. Fresh and top quality .笑
Actually, this was my first time at a Cheesecake Factory, and surprisingly, I wasn't that impressed with the food.  Maybe I didn't order the right dish. 

I ordered a fettuccine alfredo and it was just overall nothing special. I tried to eat as much as I could because it was the last meal before heading to the airport to go back home, and I'd get hungry if I didn't eat.  But anyway, I felt like I could've probably whipped up a better fettuccine alreado at home if I tried. On the other hand, I did like my boyfriend's pasta dish a lot more. 

We didn't get a cheesecake, since we were already full. (Well, I forced myself to eat as much as I could. haha) Hopefully, I'll be more impressed with another dish or just different location of the Cheesecake Factory.笑
Food was good, atmosphere is a lil chaotic with tbe crowd outsude aquarium and statue show but Dave was a great waiter.笑
DEFINITELY ASK for Crystal.

Superb service and recommendations. Just ask what her favorites Are and you will be in Heaven!!!

I'm now an Addict...Thanks to her :)

She was quick, responsive and funny too.  Vegas best hidden treasure!!笑
Before coming to Cheesecake Factory, I HATED cheesecake, but so many of their options (I think there is about 50 of them) are so knock-out good that it doesn't feel like you're eating a typical cheesecake.

One of the biggest pluses about this place is the selection, they have so much on their menu across all types of cuisine that it's literally in a spiral bound notebook.  I kept getting a four cheese pasta until I asked the waiter for other suggestions and since then, I have still never been disappointed with the food.

I don't come here as often as I like since the locations are far away and the wait is normally long, but it is well worth all of that for the food!笑
We went here while shopping in the mall. No wait for lunch. Food came out quickly. The prices are relatively close to our local CCF.  I would say about $2-$3 more each item. But love CCF , they never let us down.笑
Located in the Caesar Forum, you have to walk through the whole thing to find this place -- tucked in on the side, and packed with people.

The menu is HUGE. I had never been before at any other location, and i was mesmerized by the size of the menu and how many calories each dish contained. Eff it, I was on vacation.

The lady and I started with toasted avocado bread, which is what it sounds like: toasted bread topped with avocada. It was actually pretty good, and is a good hangover cure if you're not feeling too hot.

For our lunches we each ordered salads. It was called the chicken avocada salad or something similar, and it was a LARGE salad. One of the biggest i have eaten in my life, actually. It was covered in guac, chicken, black beans, tortilla strips, corn... just a lot of stuff packed in, and I could barely even finish it. I also had a frozen strawberry margarita. Recommended.

Service was good, Our waiter enjoyed talking to us about where we were from and what we had planned while in Vegas. If you're in the area or walking around Caesar's and want some grub or booze, this is a solid option.笑
Key lime cheesecake: I guess the tartness of the key lime just doesn't complement the flavors of the original cheesecake mix well, but the crust alone was amazing.

Brownie sundae: Don't come to THE CHEESECAKE FACTORY for a brownie sundae. The brownie was kind of hard and not very chewy and didn't have a very nice smooth chocolate flavor.

Chocolate chip cookie dough cheesecake: I couldn't taste the cookie dough at all, it was just like eating the original cheesecake that accidentally had bland cookie dough thrown in and the oreo crust was too bitter for my liking.笑
I hate spend more than $15 for pasta for 26 years.... I always think it is not worth it!! Are you kidding me Pasta costs me more than $15  Hell No!!!! 

Cheescake Factory is a chain restaurant, the menu is the same anywhere you go, the food tastes the same. 

But I was wrong........This one I am telling you!! Because of this cheesecake factory ONLY at Caesar's made me change my mind... they make me started to love pasta!! 

Oh~ my Freaking God!!!! 

They have The Best and The Best, Best , 

Best x1,000,000 * Seafood Pasta with Red Sauce * 

Ever, 

Super,

So damn GOOOOOOOD!! I would fly all the way from L.A to Vegas only for this pasta!! And you tell me how good it is?? Get Real~!!"笑
I came here a few wks ago on a Saturday afternoon for dinner with some out-of-state guests. I had been saving The cheesecake factory for a special occasion b/c I dont routinely order dessert. 

ENTREE: I ordered the cobb salad which I would never ever order again. Ive had better cobb salads @ Big Dogs! This salad was 95%lettuce with anything else as an afterthought. I coudl count the # of blue cheese crumbles and pieces of what appeard to be walmart deli sliced turkey on my salad. I was not happy..what a waste of $13.00 I'd rather have had wendy's cobb and that isnt very good either.  my bf ordered the chicken Bellagio. OMG 2000 calories but it tasted divine. Basil infused pasta with some sort of lemon ckin on top. Good but Too caloric. 

DESSERT: Yum. OMG.. as my Julio (my love) would say, "this had wedding cake written all over it!!" we ordered the Red-Velvet Cheesecake. there. are. no. words. I cannot begin to tell you how utterly delicious and marvelous this dessert was. So decadent and sinful yet not too sweet and not so crazy. LOVED IT. We'd come back just for dessert in the future and since his bday is coming up we just might do that. 

SERVICE: eh.. it was ok. What I never understood is why when you have a table of at least 6 people, odds are it maybe 3 couples especially if you see there are 3 females and 3 males. maybe. so why on earth would you assume in your infinite wisdom and experience servicing the restaurant industry that one person is going to pay the entire tab? We are going to split this up b/c thats what coupes do. and instead of making this awkward for everyone involved. please ask us if we would like to split this up one 1 ticket or 2 or 3? and make this easier for everyone. at the beginning of the meal. this has annoyed me for years with large restaurants such as this. 

end thought: order dessert. go light on food .. split a pizza and go for the dessert!笑
This place is by far my favorite !!!! I ordered the fried Mac n cheese and onion rings !! I was so full I didn't have room for cheese cake :( the staff was fast and friendly and the place was very clean and inviting!笑
Ate here for a late lunch.  Waited about 10 mins for a table.  Service was a little slow to start but our server quickly picked up the pace.  Fried mac-n-cheese balls were amazing as was the Parmesan cheese bread.  We also had a slice of cherry cheesecake and a slice of banana cream cheesecake.  Both were delicious.笑
Only came here for appetizer for snacking but it became a full late lunch! Ah I was full. The service is great and not really busy here during the time we came. We ordered:

1) Calamari was well deep fried and cooked but no real flavor by itself or with sauce.
2) Ahi tartare was very small and only for one person. Had a lot of avocado, more then ahi tuna and the sauce was just right with the wonton chips.
3) Buffalo wings were good and well deep fried with ranch.
4) Fried Zucchini was good and well cooked. Love their ranch as it seemed homemade.
5) Loaded potato tots were good and filled with bacon,cheese,potatoes,etc but you can only have so much. I could not eat too much of this as it almost made me sick.
6) Plain cheese cake with warm chocolate sauce is always my fave!

My rating is more a 3.5 stars but had to round up. I would come back but we need to watch what we order! ;-)笑
Five stars for this place, weighs more than my other five-star reviews.
It's inside a specific casino that I avoid like the plague, so for me to eat there, means that it's a nice place.
The menu is like a phone book, like all Cheesecake Factories, but that never intimidates me.
The atmosphere is very nice and laid back, which is refreshing.
The place is actually located at the very end of the Forum Shops, so it's the furthest distance from the casino floor, which is good all around.
The service is great.
I've never gone there with a party of less than 8 people, and my water glass has never been empty for more than a couple of minutes.
The food is very good, and its presentation is terrific.
But, the real surprise is the price. Very reasonable for any Strip restaurant, let alone one that's inside a big name casino. 
I only wish that they had a back door so that I wouldn't have to walk through the casino.笑
If you can't find anything you like in what appears to be the largest menu in the world....something is wrong with you.

I haven't made it to dessert in the last 5 times I have been here.  I usually get an appetizer and the cajun jambalaya pasta.  There have been a couple of times where I was lead astray and ordered something else but I just ended up regretting it going back to the pasta dish.  

Some of my coworkers eat here everyday.笑
Although the wait was a little long  the skinnylicious shrimp pasta was perfect and portioned appropriately. 
Drinks were replenished consistently throughout the meal.
In addition , the others in my party ordered the enchiladas.. which were authentic to the taste 
and the pot pie was amazing.

Despite the wait..it's a great place to eat!!!笑
Well it is the same as everyother cheesecake factory in existence. Food was good, staff was friendly, and prices are reasonable. Only complaint is that the menu is almost as long as a bible.笑
We met a few friends in Vegas, and thought it would be nice to go to the Cheesecake Factory.  We hoped that it would be consistent with the quality we have come to enjoy like the one in Waikiki on Oahu.

We were not disappointed.  We started with a few appetizers, the crab artichoke dip is the best!  My wife had the Bang Bang Chicken and Shrimp (with a Thai Curry flair) and I had the Chicken and Sausage Gumbo.  Both were outstanding, and highly recommended!

The hostess was very courteous, and our waitress was extremely attentive.  The only disappointment was not having time to stay for dessert!  We had to leave en route to a 7 p.m. show of the Jersey Boys playing at the Paris Hotel!  That was also a 5 star experience!笑
This place is fantastic and has a relaxed and casual atmosphere. Everything on the menu tastes great and they even have a healthy menu although overall this place isn't the healthiest if you're watching your calories. Mostly comfort food but it's delicious.

I want to add that the service here is awesome! I went here 4 or 5 times now and every time the service has been phenomenal. The staff is super friendly and genuine. They are also very receptive and come around very quickly to make sure you are taken care of.

The only reason I'm taking off a star is because the cutlery was always just placed on the bare table which isn't the most sanitary thing. I would have preferred rolled up cutlery or at least placed on top of a napkin.

Aside from that it's a great place to eat while staying in Vegas.

Oh, one last thing. If you sit on the entrance side be prepared to listen to the zeus monologue or whatever it is in the mall area lol. It gets loud and you can actually feel the heat coming from the flames that accompany this presentation.笑
Food not as good after the recession. Baja tacos are much smaller. Just not the same. It seemed like the food tasted way better before. Recession is way over. Charging more for less!笑
I don't know why it is, that regardless of where I'm traveling, we end up hitting up The Cheesecake Factory.  At the time I had just arrived in and my friends and I were starving, so this seemed to be the only available spot that we could all agree on in Caesars's Palace.

Service was ok, we got seated right away, but we seemed to have a somewhat tough time tracking down our server at times.  Pretty standard fare as far as Cheesecake Factories go.笑
i love that this location has 'outside' seating...as in outside of the mall (not outdoors). so you're able to see the atlantis show that is being put on. the downfall is that it can be super crowded and very loud. food was just as good as if i was at my regular cheesecake factory. this location seemed a little small, but if could of just been me since we were siting on the 'outside'.笑
The wife and I were wandering around looking for a decent place to eat lunch and finally settled on the Cheesecake Factory. It was honestly the first place we saw in the forum shops which didn't make either one of us go "meh". 

I didn't feel like a burger so settled on a spicy crispy chicken sandwich. It really didn't have a spice to it but it didn't taste too bad. The service was excellent, however. I go thru a ton of pop refills, especially when I'm out walking and wandering, and the server was on it. 

There wasn't a wait to get seated, but they made us go upstairs - wait, there's a 2nd floor to a restaurant on the forums, it must have an awesome view! - nah, don't get too excited. It's a small, enclosed space with the only view being that of the other tables. The middle is cut out so you can look down on the bar, but that's about it.笑
Food was OK nothing special. The service was awful.  Host told us it was a 20 minute   wait.  We're still waiting to get a table an hour latter.笑
The food and atmosphere is the best. Of course the cheesecake is the best and the nachos are delicious.笑
This restaurant really lives up to previous reviews. The restaurant is huge, and there are a ton of staff. The menu is a bit too big, but everyone will find something they like. I had the chicken bellagio, and it was delicious. My husband had the chicken madeira, and he loved it too. The portions were gigantic though, and it feels like such a waste. I only managed to eat about half. We shared the chocolate mousse cheesecake and the chocolate tuxedo cream cheesecake, and both were amazing. I'm always impressed when such a big and busy (and afforable) restaurant can produce food this good. 

Be warned the location can be a bit noisy, and I definetly recommend being seated inside. It's a busy place as well, but we only had to wait 15 minutes to be seated when we came on a Monday night.笑
Pleasantly surprised.  We expected it to take two hours & we were out the door in an hour.They keep things moving.  Order an appetizer and save room for dessert.  The cheesecake slices are big enough to share. Food is always up to pâté of what we expect.笑
My husband &&I eat here at least 3 times a month. Often catch Floyd Mayweather &&his "money team". The service is exceptional. One night I guess a server dropped my husbands filet mignon &&the manager came to apologize comped his plate &&offered us a free slice of cheesecake. We're not dessert eaters so we took the comp gladly. If you go later in the night, like two hours before closing, there's usually no wait.笑
Food and service very good! I ordered breakfast and don't care for strawberries. Well, they only have strawberry jelly for my toast that I won't enjoy now. They don't ever have any other flavors of jelly.笑
Love this location because:

1.  you are footsteps away from some great shopping
2.  you can stare at the aquarium while you eat al fresca (but really not outside)
3.  they used to have the Gods show but I don't know if it's their anymore
4.  YOU ARE IN VEGAS!笑
My husband & I couldn't believe how well we ate for the price we paid. The service was very good, the atmosphere was not loud despite being located inside the Forum Shops & our food was wonderful!笑
Hunnie Bunnie seems to be OBSESSED with the Bow tie pasta in marinara sauce here!! It's date night and she chose Cheesecake Factory. AGAIN. SHOCKER!! I decided to try the one in the Forum Shops since it is a little closer than going to Boca Park. 
We actually got seated pretty quickly here. Usually we wait a good thirty minutes at the Boca Park spot. We got a table for two outside of the restaurant so there was some really good people watching. 
This is RIGHT outside of the Caesar's show thing they do so it did get a little darker and noisier when the show was happening but it doesn't last TOO long. 
Camille had her usual, Bow tie pasta in marina and loved it. 
And I ordered my usual: Chicken Chipotle Pasta. I felt like it wasn't as spicy as when I usually get it and it was definitely saucier, watery if you will. It was still delish but I've had it on better days. 
I also ordered a Red Sangria and it was delish! 

We will definitely be back to this location though!笑
This place gets 4 stars in my book.  Ive been meaning to review this place and now two years later I have finally gotten around to it.  The place was definitely busy as described in most reviews.  The server was quite friendly and checked back frequently to top up our drinks.  You would think that is standard but you would be surprised the lack of service you get going to some places.  The food was on point and consistent with the quality of Cheesecake Factory food.  Definitely enjoyed the experience dining here. Id come back.笑
My wife loves Cheesecake Factory and I don't mind going since I love the large menu selection.  We went there late about 1130 pm Aug 15.  I was worried service may be bad or hurried since they closed at 1230 am but all was well.  We had a good dinner and service was excellent.  As always, the portions are huge.  The one thing I feel obligated to mention is that the floor was extremely greasy and slippery.  Perhaps from a long day of serving but it could pose a liability to the business and I don't want to see someone slip and fall.

We returned for lunch at 11 am on Aug 18.  Once again, all was excellent and floor was clean leading me to believe that grease is tracked from kitchen all day long and at the end of the long day, the floor gets greasy.笑
Always good avacado eggrolls, ice tea, and chicken teryaki. A good choice everytime. This location is busy but you can walk around after a meal.which is a plus.笑
Sit down and bring your reading glasses!  This menu was endless! Lots of global options and various dish sizes. I opted for the Chicken Bellagio which exceeded my expectations.  The checkerboard was nicely breaded and moist, the pesto noodles were not too oily, and the arugula salad added a nice crunch. I was only able to eat half at the restaurant,  but my left overs held up well. The cheesecake was delicious of course, no surprise there!笑
I came here with my family!!! Met the waitress she is the best !!!! It's busy but she did a very good service !!! Thank you so much


Brianna the name of waitress she is the best lol thank you so much笑
Have been to this Cheesecake factory several times and the food is always AMAZING. Usually it's a quick wait but this last time was very long despite the 30 minute predicted wait. They could really benefit from some sort of paging system. It would be nice to be able to look at shops and while you are waiting for the unpredictable time. Once we got in it took a bit to get waited on but they were clearly understaffed. Still would recommend as their food is so consistently good with generous portions great for sharing.笑
So disappointed! As regular customers to this location, we spent Thanksgiving there.. food was great but our server was horrible. Said strange things. Talked us out of certain food and then when I wanted to order 3 kids meals so I could share 2 with my 1 year old and my 8 year old would have his own he looked at me and said NO! I said I can't?? And said NO!  With that he said he would come back! So rude. I work in customer service myself and I can't imagine treating a customer like that. I order the same thing every time and never have a problem. My 1 year old doesn't eat much so really it's not like I'm being cheap. I just hate to waste food. No other server ever gives me a hard time. He could have said I'm sorry I'll have to ask a manager or something a little nicer but he treated me like a criminal. It's really not that big of a deal. He needs to find a different line of work!笑
Amazing food, always busy which might be a downfall because it translates to long waiting sometimes.

Yet I will always keep going there.笑
I'd recommend breakfast at CF.  I've had the french toast twice now and it is delicious!  The portion is huge and it could easily be shared.  One of my other dining companions had the monte cristo sandwich which was also fabulous!  Reasonably priced and good service.笑
OMG! So I have to say that one of my biggest weaknesses is cheesecake!!!! So of course I had to eat at the factory! 

I went to this place a lot when I was smaller, but I wasn't judging the food at that age. 

My husband and I went here for our wedding anniversary while in Vegas. It was kind of a weird situation. We waiting a long time for a table since this place doesn't take reservations (bummer!) Then we sat next these 2 women who were arguing with each other at the table! I am not sure of they were friends or mother and daughter??? 

We ordered the Factory chopped salad that is tossed with a balsamic dressing. The salad has apples, bacon, avocado, bleu cheese, and a bunch of other yummy veggies that tie in with the dressing beautifully! As we were enjoying the salad, the two woman finished their argument and began a conversation with us! They started to recommend dishes that they like there and then were talking smack on other dishes, including the salad that we loved at this point! Anyways, they recommended the Chicken Piccatta and it was a hit with us! But watch out for the portion size! We were able to split the dish and still had a little left over. The chicken is cooked with a white sauce and capers...but we requested that the capers be left out ( I am not a fan). It comes with a size of pasta that compliments the chicken well. 

And for dessert, of course cheesecake! They have so many to choose from!!!! how can one make that decision??!! A few of my favs from there: The chocolate mousse cheesecake, the carrot cake cheesecake, the original flavor, and the tuxedo. You can also get the original flavor and there is a variety of fruit toppings that you can have added if you choose. 

All in all, this place rocks! They have a huge menu of entree items and the same size menu for the cheesecake! The service is really good but it is a very noisy restaurant, so if you are a looking for a quiet environment, this is not the place. The entrees are decently priced for the amount of food that you get. The cheesecake can be a little pricey ($6.95 a slice for most), but its soooooo worth it! 

If I could change one thing, I would have them start taking reservations! 

I will be back for many years to come! Enjoy all!笑
Long wait but was worth it. Had fetticini Alfredo and strawberry smoothie. It was all good. Worth the time and cash.笑
Eat here for lunch often - always get treated well by the staff - seated quickly,
they are very organized when it comes to seating.  Today, I had the Margarita Pizza,
it was very good and very reasonably priced.  They servers always watch our time to
make sure we get back to work within our lunch hour.笑
The Cheesecake Factory is located in the Forum Shops of Ceasar's palace, way in the back behind the Zeus moving statues (keep this in mind when sitting outside, the show is every hour on the hour and gets loud!).
We went to the Cheesecake Factory, having never been to one before. As it was in Caesars Palace, I was expecting inflated prices, however I was pleasantly surprised with the menu pricing.

The spinach, artichoke and cheese dip was great and the pizza and jerk chicken for main were both fresh and tasty. We took a slice of cheesecake to go (too full to eat after the starter and main) and it was lovely. The price level was decent, especially considering the quality of food you get. A good experience!
Our waiter was fast and friendly and offered advice on the huge menu (I mean it when I say there is something for everyone!!). 

My husband had the Meatballs, my sister had a pizza and I had a steak. All the meals were well prepared and very well presented. My steak was cooked as I like it, medium rare. Following the meal we chose deserts and again they were really nice, and surprising value.
The low light was the Fettucine Alfredo. Very little sauce, very little flavour. Very disappointing.

Both the meal and desert portions were large, perhaps a little too large for me and I have a great apatite.
The portion and value are great here and the food is very decent, though not so much on the healthy side (they do have a 'skinny menu' meant for those who are calorie conscious).

The service was excellent and our server was very conscientious, always making sure we had rinks topped up etc.

All in all, the title says it all. 'Good Food, Good Value - Great Evening'

We will definitely return to here.笑
As a tourist to a foreign land, one quite often uses Hollywood as a platform for whether it be tourist attractions, product endorsements and/or lifestyle changes. When it comes to eating, everyone from outside the United States would love to get served by Penny from the Big Bang Theory, which bought me to this little establishment about 4 years ago & keep returning annually when I revisit the States. 

Situated in the Caesars Palace forum mall, the Cheesecake Factory is located right at the end of the mall, right next to the huge fish tank. I somehow always end up with seating outside looking at the fish tank, which is fine by me as it is an alright view. 

The service can be a little slow at times, but generally is pretty good. The quality of the food is great, and overwhelmingly large, however you come to expect that here. Just make sure that you leave a little room for dessert. 

PS. The chicken Bellagio is probably better here than anywhere else in the country - as freaky as that sounds, it is true...笑
We wanted to celebrate my friend's 30th birthday while in Vegas. Hmm, where will they sing to her?

So even though I stuffed myself to the gills at the Village Buffet, we decided to surprise my friend for her birthday because that's how you show people you love them. We came at an off time, so there wasn't a wait. We sat upstairs (there is an elevator beside the staircase) at a round table in the corner. Hmm, what to eat when you don't want to eat? My friends ordered a bunch of appies, but I wanted to eat some veggies... lunch special sized Cobb Salad it is. When they dropped off the bread, everyone pounced. Ahh, I love the soft, warm bread with butter... I didn't really need to eat anymore.

The cobb salad is all mixed up instead of being a composed salad. It was very well mixed with an appropriate amount of dressing... not too little, not too much... just right. I love bacon... I love bacon with blue cheese... I love bacon with blue cheese and lettuce... this salad was huge, so I only finished like half. I would have taken it back to the hotel, but in a city of excess, I figured I would just find food someplace else... and I'm glad I did because I think our fridge was broken. The slice of red velvet cheesecake we took back did not fare so well... and melted. I almost cried.

Our server was so nice and even though she disappeared for a while, she remembered to bring a candle and brought some other to sing to my friend. We always have a nice time at all the Cheesecake Factory restaurants... always so consistent.笑
I have been a fan of Cheesecake Factory for years.  And Las Vegas was having really bad weather that day.  There were extenuating circumstances.笑
While wandering the Forum Shops my hubby and I worked up an appetite and wanted something easy and quick, but also want to sit down and park ourselves for a bit.  We saw Cheesecake Factory and that seemed to fit the bill!

The Cheesecake Factory is a huge chain and so  you probably either love it or hate it.  In my opinion, the cheesecake is top notch!  Their cheesecakes are rich and served in huge slices that will satisfy any sweet tooth.  However, since I was jonesing for a Fro Ho at Serendipity later, I skipped it this trip.  As for the food, well, it is what it is.  The menu is HUGE (if you haven't been there it is a spiral bound book!).  That is great for variety, but other than the cheesecake they haven't perfected anything.  

This time out I had the Brioche Breakfast Sandwich with Hashbrowns.  It was good, not great.  They put tomatoes on the sandwich before they heat it so they get mushy.  Bleck!  The bread is good and the flavors work.  

We had good service and they sat us on the second floor which was nice since it cut down on the noise.  

Good lunch, nice easy stop in the Forum Shops.笑
I love the Cheesecake Factory. Went here for my birthday weekend in Vegas. While we waited for a table there was a Bath & Body that had great deals. I was able to pick up some Christmas gifts and Birthday gifts. I had the bbq chicken salad which was great. We didnt have room for desert.笑
Very nice location. Two-floors. Came here with a very large group of about 30 people without prior notice. The waiters split us into three smaller groups which we did not mind. Two groups were next to each other. The other group was across a walkway. We were fortunate to get the waiter who was probably new. He seemed to be a little panicked while the other waiter looked like he knew what he was doing. As for the group I was in, we had to wait a long time between ordering our drinks then ordering our food. This cause us to be the last finishing our food while the other group was ready to head out the door. Other than the service, the food was as expected...Good! I give the food four out of five stars. Service was a two out of five.笑
Not the best service that I've had a a cheesecake factory. We sat at the bar and no bread or food for 30 minutes. I still waiting for good service笑
I live in Las Vegas, and being at The forum shops is last on my list, but since my daughter works in one of the fashion outlets, I pick and drop her off quite often, one day I decide to hit up The Cheesecake Factory, with it's long list of customers waiting to dine, if you don't mind eating at the bar, then there is absolutely no waiting! And the service was fast and the bartender was very pleasant and attentive. I work in a fine dinning restaurant with great food, but this one appetizer dish I tried along with the lunch portion Chinese Chicken salad was to die for! The Avocado egg rolls were delicious!!!!!! They have sun dried tomato and plenty avocado in them, and to go along with it, is the sweet cilantro dipping sauce. So far I've gone there 3 times in the last month in a half. This is a must try, if you don't eat meat and love avocados. Of course they have a long list of different cheesecakes, I always stick to strawberry cheesecake. Yum!笑
my bf and i were seated right away when we came here around 6pm. I had the Evelyn's pasta, which wasn't very good. It was on the light side, so I didn't enjoy it. My bf got some pasta with bacon, peas, and a creamy sauce, which was very good. We had two alcoholic ice cream drinks called caramel twister and kahlua kisser were both strong. I liked the sticky caramel though. The drinks were are about $8.50. Our bill was $40+. I really liked the strawberry creamsicle alcohol drink back at the one in san jose, CA. It has no alcoholic taste, but i guess its vegas, so they hook it up.笑
I know, I know. If you're on vacation, you should try to eat at non-chain restaurants that are unique to the area and not available elsewhere. But I just couldn't resist eating at The Cheesecake Factory! 

We were looking for a place to eat breakfast/lunch on a Saturday morning, and so many of the restaurants were packed and had 45-minute waits. So we walked around the Forum Shops, and there was The Cheesecake Factory, a beacon amid a sea of overpriced stores! We had to go in. And get this: No wait for a table!

We sat upstairs on the second floor. This place is huge, by the way. Plenty of seating. 

Their menu is also huge, so bring your reading glasses. For an appetizer, we ordered the Made-to-Order Guacamole, which was very good and came with tortilla chips, salsa and sour cream - all of the necessary condiments to go along with chips!

For an entree, I got the Southwest Chicken Sandwich, which had grilled chicken, avocado, tomato, onion, cilantro and chipotle mayo on Toasted French bread. It's also served with jalapenos, but I asked that they don't put them on there, and I'm glad I did because this sandwich definitely had a kick to it. It was really good, though, and I used some of the leftover guacamole from our appetizer on my sandwich, which made it extra good. 

Then, of course, we had to get cheesecake. I got the Carmel Pecan Turtle Cheesecake. Amazing! The perfect ending to a great meal.笑
I work in the forum shops, and my coworkers and I always go here to eat on our lunches. Usually the associates at the cash register are very friendly and accommodating, but Tiffany s was far from it. I asked for a side of marinara for my bread, and was charged 3.95 for a half cup of marinara. I have never been charged before for this. I called two hours ahead of time to have it ready at 10pm for my lunch. I got there at 9:59 and then waited 6 minutes for my food. Once I walked back to my store, it was cold! I asked her why I was being charged 4.00 for a small side of marinara and she asked if I wanted to speak with a manager but since I had already waited 6 minutes for my food, I didn't have time. This establishment lacks consistency. She was rude and inconsiderate and I think I may just start packing lunches instead of taking business to Cheesecake Factory. I don't like being ripped off!笑
I have been to this location a number of times, and have left satisfied every time. They have two floors and a seating area out in the front to enjoy the hourly show and huge fish tank (and people watching... who am I kidding). All of my waiters & waitresses have done a great job and making sure my needs were met :) The ambiance is like every other Cheesecake Factory; dim and romantic.

My most recent time here I ordered the Renee Special. It is half of a sandwich, a bowl of soup, and a small side salad. All of it was great! The only thing is the salad was a little bland and only had leaves and balsamic vinaigrette. The soup was incredible! Cream of chicken with bacon bits on top. The half of sandwich was really good as well.

I would recommend Cheesecake Factory for anyone, the menu is extensive enough to meet anyone's craving needs!笑
Odd experience tonight. Our server was William C. and I felt a weird vibe from him. We came in at around 10pm, so it wasn't busy. However, William was inattentive. When he came to take our order, he literally just walked up and didn't say anything--no greeting whatsoever. And when he gave us our bill, he said "Here you go." In a way, these negative experiences are actually a good thing since I save money on tipping.笑
I'm not big on going to chain restaurants when in Vegas when there are so many great restaurants there. However it was getting late and I needed to get dinner at a place where I knew exactly what to what to order. Service was fast, but not too fast. I asked for only the whole wheat bread and they accommodated me.

The only downside to the place was that I got no signal at all on my phone. I wasn't the only one with that problem. That's not The Cheesecake Factory's fault, but it would be nice if they installed WiFi in the restaurant.笑
I love the Cheesecake Factory. So of course, when I got homesick this was a great place to go! It was a busy Saturday night at Caesar's but we were able to be seated within 15min! Very impressed :) Service was great...unfortunately, I decided to try something different than my usual Chinese chicken salad & fried macaroni and cheese balls. Slightly disappointed. I definitely don't recommend their cream of chicken soup. Just a lil too watery and too many tomatoes floating around for my liking. 

BUT, the vanilla bean cheesecake was ah-mazing. Their slices are gigantic so we had it split and the waitress was even nice enough to bring it on two separate plates (*kudos* to good service*). 

So I think I've been to the Cheesecake Factory a million times (ok maybe not but...) and I've [so far] concluded the following:

Yay: Chinese Chicken Salad, Fried Macaroni Balls, Meat Loaf, Pot Stickers, Club Sandwich, Terriyaki Steak, Pomegranate Margarita, Vanilla Bean Cheesecake.

Nay: Cream of Chicken Soup.笑
This is a great restaurant inside the Cesar's palace mall..good service but the only thing I don't like is that you have to put away your own left overs. Beside that is a great place with good food.笑
Friday Night, great service, very personable, kept drinks full. Called people by name as he handed credit cards back.笑
Reminds me of home *sigh* they should use the slogan from Olive garden here because when I'm hear I feel like family. . . 

It's like the family that when you see it you're really happy to see them, especially when they're less than $50 ;) 

So if you're a homebody like me and can't afford to live the Vegas lifestyle of seafood and overpriced steak then head to where the home is, Cheesecake Factory.

Enjoy.笑
Why go to the Cheesecake Factory? I mean does it really have something that special on its menu that is worth the trek or the wait for a table? No, it doesn't have the charm and the allure but it does offer a wide ranging menu that is sure to please, decent service, and most off all: consistency. 

The menu is overwhelmingly large. Whether you want appetizers, salads, sandwiches, pastas, entrees, or more they will have it. Tacos? Shepherd's Pie? Chicken Milenese? Yes, they have it available on their menu. While it won't be the greatest you ever had, it certainly won't be disappointing and offers decent flavors. 

Service was good and like other locations, its saving grace. We were the last party to be seated and they didn't hesitate to be of service nor did they try to rush us. They were attentive and water glasses never went empty. The food arrived in a well timed orchestration and was where the restaurant clearly shined.

All in all it was consistent. It stayed true to the Cheesecake Factory experience and didn't disappoint, yet at the same time didn't wow either.笑
Waiting time was 3 hours but, then again it  was the 4th of July
Angel hair pasta was very salty, notified our waitress she just apologized, my son had the chicken piccata and was so salty as well
Tell your waitress to make sure pasta is not salty
Utensils were all dirty including my plate
Overall food and portion is always great here笑
How can you go wrong with cheesecake factory?? Seriously I have yet to ever try something bad at this place, so reliable for a large portion of some great food and this one in Caesars is no different.  Went here after a long night in Vegas, we all woke up around 2pm and walked (or stumbled) over to cheesecake factory and began chowing down on the bread.  Once we got the bread in us we immediately order bloody mary's to get us back on track for the vegas life.  Our food came and I always stick with the Crispy Chicken Costeletta, try it, it is absolutely amazing.  All in all this meal brought us somewhat back to reality and our waitress was awesome, she would come over and joke around with us as we began ordering more drinks and getting our smiles painted back on.  For a great meal at a great price go to this place and you will not be let down....笑
Came in for a quick snack and drinks. Sat at the bar.  Bartender was extremely friendly and helpful. The food is always excellent. And the portions are huge.  We always split an appettizer and an entree between the two of us. And we still have leftovers for lunch the next day. Always. Must hit stop on any trip.笑
We were in the Caesars Forum Shops, and decided to have lunch at The Cheesecake Factory since we were near by. We eat at the Cheesecake Factory in our area, and I usually have the thai lettuce wraps or a fish entree. This time I decided to try something different, so I had the Luau salad. It's grilled chicken breast with mixed greens, cucumbers, red and yellow peppers, green beans, carrots, mango and topped with crisp wontons, macadamia nuts, sesame seeds and vinaigrette. I ordered the half portion, and the salad was huge. It was a very sweet and refreshing summer salad.  We sat in the patio area, and had a nice view of Caesars' gigantic tropical fish tank and people watched in the forum shops.  Our waitress was very friendly and attentive.笑
Ate here my first two days of vacation and on my first day the server tried to rip me off on my bill. When I told her she shorted me on my change she gave me a ride look and didn't apologize. My bill was $69.45 and when I went up to her she claimed that the bill was $70. I told her you cannot round my bill up and short me money. She finally gave me back my change difference after a good five minutes. Poor customer service. 

My second day the server I had brought us our waters with no straws and when we asked him for straws he put his finger tips all over the mouth pieces and then placed them in our drinks. I then told him we wanted sealed straws and he went and came back. During these three times he was at our table, not once did he ask us if we were ready to order he would look at our table and go to his other tables and help them. Very rude. I had to tell him we were ready to order and after a couple of times of me telling him we were ready he finally began to change his tune. I've never seen such poor service like this at the Cheesecake Factory. It's a great place to eat with a delicious menu, but the servers at this location are bad.笑
Came by for dinner on a Monday night. Thoroughly enjoyed our dinner. Our server, I forget his name, was awesome. It was too loud in the area to be able to hear him unless he leans over and speaks up.. Perhaps it's just me and my hearing? *shrug*
I didn't have a big appetite that night. Just ordered something off their "skinny menu" ones with smaller portions and "lower" calories. Had the Ahi Tartare and the chicken and mushroom lettuce wraps. Both was enjoyable and was filling, for me. 
All in all, very affordable, great for a date or with a large party. You have the option to sit inside or "outside". 
The restroom is upstairs on the second floor. Kind of a little journey just to wash your hands!笑
The manager came to us and asked us to move and we had asked why... he was aggressive cold and one worded. We had waited 35 minutes to be seated, I would think we can get an explanation. We are confused and he refused to share his full name , why we need to move and if somehow we could meet in the middle. He was more aggressive than anyone should treat anybody even outside of a restaurant. I am a regular and this was disappointing. His name is Amid! Now....I understand that people can be overwhelmed but no other cheesecakes who handles the same amount of stress would treat us the way he did. I'm am shocked. I literally don't want to support cheesecake if this is what they allow to handle the customers and certain circumstances. I would think a manager is hired to handle special situations accordingly. Not rudely and aggressive or cold. I'm shocked that cheesecake can allow this.笑
Only good thing about my experience at this cheesecake factory is the stuffed mushrooms. Other than that I didnt like the waitress because she was a complete (b$%Ch). She received like 50 cents for tip. YES, even thats pushing it because I dont feel like she deserves a dime. Anyways, the corn fritters werent good and neither was the mojito that I ordered. You would think if you pay so much for a drink it would be good, but it tastes just like concentrated lemonade with a hint of alcohol. *GROSS. the end笑
Try the Sunday brunch chilaquiles with carnitas they were amazing! my parents both had the breakfast combos and I tried one of their pancakes which in my opinion were perfection. 5 stars to the pancakes!  my parents were both very impressed.笑
The $12 ahi carpaccio is delicious. No for real, order two plates. It's that good.

That said, this place is so ridiculously packed all the time. Huge waits just to get a table - you're better off going off of the Strip, plus you won't have to pay for the entertainment tax on your bill. 

The place is NOISY (as are all Cheesecake Factories) so sit up top if you can. The service is decent, but that's to be expected.笑
Our wait time was only about 20 min for the place being completely packed. Our server was super helpful and our food came incredibly fast! It was super delicious and reasonable priced.笑
I went here last week for dinner. There were a lot of people ahead of us but we were seated within 5 minutes.

The restaurant is very clean and spacious. It has 2 dining floors and an outside portion where you can watch the animatronix  show,  the show is very loud so if you prefer quietness, stay inside. It also g wet s very dark outside, as they turn off the lights for the show.

The decor of the place is very classy. High ceilings with hanging fixtures. The place is very dim inside so it does have a classy - romantic feel to it. 

The menu features a full course dining option from appetizers  to desserts. 

They serve a complimentary french and honey oat bread with butter. It's very delicious and filling so thread carefully!
I got the avocado chicken club and it was delicious. It was served with fries that was also good as well. The club could use less tomatoes but that's juston preference!

I will definitely come back here again!笑
Make sure when you put your name down you literally stand by the hostess stand. If you stand by the fish tank they will skip over you. We were told it was a 15 min wait, we waited 30 mins and then we're told they already called us. After waiting about 45 mins, we finally were seated. The reason they are getting 4 stars is because our waitress Tina was incredible! She was so personable and after a horrible experience with the hostess stand, she really was able to turn our moods around. If we come back we will definitely be requesting her.笑
Second time eating here, figured I'd give it two tries before I wrote a review. I have heard about the restaurant very in depth through a class I am taking at UNLV and had to experience it first hand.

For starters the atmosphere of this restaurant is very appealing! A nice calm lighting with a warm and welcoming feeling.

If this is your first time, I recommend ordering an appetizer right away as it will take a good minute to look through the menu. This place has everything you can imagine and it all tastes amazing! 

The food is mouth watering to say the least. The chefs in the back truly know what they are doing and really put their love and passion for cooking into the food. The waiters are also very pleasant and helpful. The prices for this location are very reasonable, especially considering its location along with the quality of the food. 

If you haven't tried this restaurant and are considering it, do it! You will not regret that decision and everyone in your group will find something they like with the endless options in the menu.笑
Inexpensive for Vegas.   The food was decent, waitress friendly but a bit slow.   Not sure if it was anyone's fault as it was really busy.  Large menu, will have something to please everyone in your party.   Portions are large so I didn't get any cheesecake but the all looked amazing.笑
Can't ever really go wrong with Cheesecake Factory. The portions are huge, food is pretty good, decent price for a restaurant, and the cheesecakes are amazing. Went here for a date night with my boyfriend one night. I never realized how huge this Cheesecake Factory is! Didn't expect it to be as big as it was. It's a little too dimly lit, in my opinion. We were seated near the kitchen area and given free bread. It was extremely cold in here...I wish I had brought a jacket. We knew the portions here are huge, so decided to share an appetizer of crispy crab wontons and one entree of the alfredo fettuccine with mushrooms and chicken. The crab wontons came out quickly. They were extremely hot and we burned our tongues on them. ): They tasted great though! The pasta came out soon after. The pasta was heavy and filled us up quickly. Even though we were sharing all of this, we almost didn't order dessert. ALMOST. How can you go to the Cheesecake Factory and not order cheesecake?! We ended up ordering a chocolate chip cookie dough cheesecake. It was delicious. Lots of gooey cookie dough pieces in the middle. We were only able to finish half of it because we were so full. The total was about $50, which isn't too bad for how full we were. This is probably one of the cheapest restaurants to eat at on the Strip.笑
We went last Friday the 14th of July,  another Cheesecake Factory,  another bad experience.  To start off with the Hostess was rude, and instead of waiting an hour,  we waited 1 hour 45 minutes to be seated. So we get upstairs, we have to wait another 5 min to be seated. We sit down and it takes the unhappy, uncaring, feminine waiter, about 10 minutes to acknowledge us, and another 10 minutes to bring our drinks, no alcohol, just water and soda. I was looking at the other waiter and he was fast with his customers.  We order our food...

45 minutes later they bring everyone their food,  15 minutes later they bring my chicken wings and cold fries.  During the long wait,  I filled up on delicious bread, that was the only good thing.   My aunt and uncle had cold, hard, white rice with their meal. The manager said he would give us all free cheesecake for our bad experience, wrong! Only 2 of us got it,  and my cheesecake tasted dry, and the whip cream on top was hard! 

Never again, Austin and Las Vegas Cheesecake Factory just isn't good!笑
This was my first visit to a Cheesecake Factory. 

We shared the sliders, and guacamole. Sliders were good. The guac. was very bland, and had little more than moshed avocados. 

We shared a piece of cheesecake, the oreo. That was the best part of the meal. 

The menu is overwhelming IMO. Way to many choices.笑
they have the best cheesecake countrywide. We were able to get one to celebrate a friends birthday.笑
The Cheesecake Factory, located in the Caesar Shops was a wonderful place for lunch .  We had a Factory Nacho Plate and a Fig and Bleu Cheese Flatbread which were both eye-catching and delicious!
We were also served a basket of warm, tasty bread with fresh butter. As a bonus we were able to dine outside which allowed us to enjoy the large aquarium and the Roman God animated display which is a well-known part of Caesar's Palace.笑
Everything was excellent. Started with the Buffalo Blast appetizer! Amazing! The pizza and soup,were both good and of course the cheesecake was outstanding. The service was excellent and we waited less than 5 minutes to get in. The only problem I had with it (as seems to be the case with many restaurants in Vegas) is actually finding it.笑
Considering earlier positive experiences, I was gravely disappointed. 

First off, you claim you have a full bar, yet you couldn't make a blood and sand. Then when I asked the waitress for a sazarac, she replied that she had no idea what that was before even consulting with the bar. When she did talk to them, they had o idea what it was either. Come onnnnn, thats America's first cocktail. Standard drink. I'm female and fresh out if college, and even I know what it is. A good bartender would've looked it up on their phone or have had a cocktail book stored at their register. After the huge ordeal, I succumbed to the firefly martini... It had tequila so I was good... For the time being...

My mom had specifically ordered a medium burger. Not only was her burger late coming to the table, it was also a brick. When we told the waitress, she looked so annoyed with us, grabbed the burger plus my mom's fries, without asking. The very insincere manager came over to tell us he took it off the bill, and offered to grab us something else. Anywhere else would've comped the burger and whatever else we ordered for her wait.

My fish and chips were decent...  Not mind blowing. 

Extreme oreo cheesecake was far too sweet. Considering all the mishaps and the fact it was my mom's birthday, we would've appreciated a comp'ed cheesecake... But I guess the big bad corporate cheesecake factor is far too big for some good old fashioned service... Or at the very least, a happy birthday.笑
Went here with my parents after a long morning walk. Service was great, food was great. Dad and I had the crispy chicken sandwich with chipotle, he had fries and I had onion rings. Mom had special.... small sandwich with salad and potato soup. The fries and chicken sandwiches were excellent! The potato soup was the best mom had had at a restaurant. The salad was good as was her sandwich (turkey, I believe). The onion rings were ok but had a lot of batter and not a lot of onion. I would get the fries next time. If you're able to stay for the "moving statue" show, totally worth it. Loud but really good atmosphere and plenty of people watching.笑
Any place that has "cheesecake" in it's name is a gold sticker in my book.

But really, this place is awesome. Of all the multiple times I've been here, there have only been a few times where the wait is kinda long, and it will be for you too, especially if you're there during the early evenings or/and the weekends.

Me and my friends typically make our way to this place around 9 or so, about an hour before it closes and the place is usually not that crowded, or winding down. We seem to typically get our food faster this way.

But screw the food, we all know I come here for the cheesecake. I've had the red velvet, the chocolate godiva, the tiramisu, and jacked some banana creme from my friends plate. No not in one sitting you asshole, over multiple visits! I've never had any complaints. It's so delicious that even if I'm too full after a meal, I'll still take cheesecake to go. Chocolate Godiva cheesecake is the cheesecake of gods and it descended from the heavens into this restaurant and if you don't eat it, you're wrong. Forshame!

The food can be hit or miss. Typically their Asian cuisine is pretty spot on. It may not be authentic, but it sure is tasty. I think the only bad thing I've ever really had here is the chicken and biscuits. It's like, swimming in gravy, and I hate soup. Their veggie burger is kinda sad too, just fell apart in my hands. Steak is definitely the way to go.

The alcoholic drinks are good game too. While a bit pricey, I can slurp down 4 of those orangy-fruity things before the meal gets there.笑
My family visited ceasars palace and ate here. Our waiting time was only ten minutes despite all the people. Our server was the best. He recommended several great dishes. The food was higher than our expections....笑
Looking for a dinner under $20 a person in Vegas? Try the Cheesecake Factory. If you can manage to make a decision from their huge menu (way too many options for me). I was very happy with my garlic noodles- and was really happy to save some cash on dinner after loosing some money on the tables. 
I left stuffed and happy with dinner and drinks- and our bill under $75!笑
This place was crowded, so we just got a drink to-go. Service was fine and prices were consistent with other Cheesecake Factories.笑
Table wait sign up strange.  Give you a time to come back, for us 10 minutes and then we will seat you.  Came back got past the reception area but then waited another 10 minutes. Why not just have us come back in 20 minutes-oh well I guess it works for them.

We had the small salad-not small at all. Good flavor on the dressing.
White bean hummus.  Very large size for the price.  Served with Pita bread.  Good flavor and texture
Four Seasons Pizza.  Good size for the price.  Served with four different sections-Mushroom, prosciutto, basil and artichoke.  Looked like they used slices of fresh mozzarella cheese too.  
Excellent flavors mingled together.  I liked the thin crust.  Slightly chewy and cooked just right.

Service was attentive.笑
For a cheesecake factory restaurant I was very in displeased. The waiter didn't bring out the bread basket until we asked for it and my Cuban sandwich had roast fat instead of roast beef. This was the most discouraging meal I've had from the cheesecake factory and is not typical of their food quality or service.笑
Normally, I would take this opportunity to bash a chain restaurant with mediocre food in grossly oversized proportions.  However, my parents wanted to take me to brunch before I had to hightail it out of Vegas, and this place was open...and the food wasn't exorbitantly priced ($14.00 for a cup of coffee, a pastry, and some yogurt at Caesar's café - WTF).  The reason I give this place high marks is - the staff.  Wonderfully friendly, and not in the fake way.  Our server happened to be from Hawaii (just like us) so we had a lot to talk about.  They kept us really happy, and they even brought me ice cream with a candle in it since my birthday was coming up.  Best Cheesecake Factory experience ever - they beat the SF location out by a million times.  Go there!笑
The place is okay. If they get too busy then don't expect them to go back and fourth all around you. The food is good though.笑
Lunched here on June 4, 2013

Fried Mac & Cheese is TO DIE FOR.  I can have that and their complimentary bread and call it lunch. Mmmmm!!!  Didn't get any cheesecake this time... :(

Son had the calamari and loved it. Came with some fried mini octopus but he didn't eat those. LOL笑
***YELP 100 CHALLENGE 10/100***

I've always been a fan of this place for those occasional calorie indulgence. We had family stay at Caesar's so we decided to dine in house. With reservations made ahead of time, everything was smooth sailing. I like that this location is quite large and that there are 2 floors of seating, although it can get pretty packed on the weekends and around dinner time. The menu is extensive so ordering is a task in itself lol. Somehow though, I always revert to my favorite Miso salmon, brown rice in lieu of white. Hubby got the Mac and Cheese burger which was cooked perfectly, rich and flavorsome. The madre got the Louisiana Chicken pasta which she thoroughly enjoyed. We also had a taste of the fish tacos which were surprisingly good, the cilantro rice is one of the best I've tried. On the kids menu: chicken tenders and fries, well it's chicken tenders and fries, nothing much to elaborate. The mac and cheese that my son ordered was unsavory to put it mildly. It was dry and bland with no flavor profile at all. Our server must've noticed my sons dislike as he took one bite and ceased eating altogether hahaha so he offered to get him something else, my son wasn't feeling very well so he opted for the bread basket instead. Our server informed us he would have the mac and cheese taken out of the bill, we told him it wasn't necessary but he insisted. A red velvet cheesecake was shared amongst us as we were too stuffed to order more. Service was cordial and timely despite the dinner rush. When the bill came and noticed the mac and cheese was not taken out, he gladly rectified the situation which in turn we added to his tip as we appreciated the effort and kind gesture.笑
I'm a Cheesecake Factory fanatic and this one was a slight disappointment. The hostess at the front was busy talking to someone else, the hostess that sat us down was blah and didn't say you're welcome after we said thank you. She might as well have been working at Denny's. Our waitress didn't greet us and looked annoyed and we later found out she was and it was with the bus boy. Towards the end it got better but for the most part a little ghetto as far as attitude. Food is always good, but I'd rather go to the Grand Lux at the Venetian.笑
Service was not good.  Food was OK.  Won't be going there again. Had to wait 20 min to get in.  Waiter was no where to be found.  We decided on not leaving a tip.笑
Great food as usual!  Staff was fantastic and our server was amazing!  Only issue was the seating process.  they took our name, had us come back after 15 minutes, and then made us all stand there for another 15 minutes (there were about 20 other groups waiting too).  it would be much better to either have a buzzer option or maybe a text option.  I've been to the Cheesecake factory all over the country - seating hasn't been an issue before so maybe this is new.笑
I been to a few different Cheesecake Factory and this ranks probably at the top.  Not only did they seat up near the fish tank (trust me...this helps when you have two kids), they cut the bread and banana in small pieces for my kids while we waited for the entrees.  I had the chicken piccata which was awesome...highly recommended.

We even got to watch the Caesars statue show while dining.笑
We had 35 guest it was for a friends birthday and they did their best to sit everyone next to each other and we were served in a timely manner and even with that many people the food came out fast and it was delicious. 

I had their chicken Alfredo and it was very yummy the chicken was tender and the pasta was cooked perfectly not over cooked not under cooked but just perfect. We were too full to have dessert but their red velvet cheesecake is pretty awesome we took come to go and had it later :)笑
As expected, cheese cake factory doesn't really differ much to location. I came here with my friends for lunch since we were in vegas for the weekend.

The wait was only 15-20 minutes and since we were there for lunch we weren't sure how the portions were. We only had dinner at cheesecake and never lunch. So we asked about the lunch portions and still it was huge. My friend and I ended up sharing the BBQ chicken cobb salad which I absolutely love and my other friend got their fish and chips.

Service was fine. They were quick to get things to your table and our server was super nice. The food was the same as the one near brea mall, but it seemed the one here in vegas paid more attention to it because our salad wasn't drenched in the dressing. It seemed to be perfected dressed and you can taste the different tastes rather than everything having one flavor. That was probably the distinction between the two places which was nice for a change.笑
Great lunch. The dishes was much over my expectations. I had the Bellagio chicken pasta which tasted great and my wife had the anti-oxidant salad which was not too bad. Cheesecakes here are all well made and we chose the original one which tasted slightly too cheesy to my taste.笑
Great as we last remembered. Try the guacamole as it can be added to any other dish you order. Had the leftovers on the Cubano sandwich. Michael was our server and he represents the level of service and quality of food that Cheesecake Factory and Grand Lux offers. Always a must visit to both places when in Vegas.笑
**Warning** Do not order the cooked food here except for burgers and pizzas. It is not edible!! I ordered a cajun jambalaya pasta, a shrimp scampi and their potato soup. Words cannot describe how awful they all were.... I sent back both of these entrees in exchange for a turkey sandwich  for lunch. I gave them two chances but I had to send back my food twice.

The Cheesecake factory in Riverside, NJ is waaaaaay better!笑
Standard CCF operation with super over whelming menu.  I get a huge headache after looking at everything.  Do i want one of their 20 salads, 20 burgers, 20 sandwiches, 50 apps?  You get the point.  There are hundreds of items on the menu.

I guess it's a "safe" option to take someone b/c you can find something for everyone.  The service was pretty slow on a Thurs late night.  Overall this location is what you would expect from Cheesecake.  The desserts are obv awesome and I like the firecracker salmon app.笑
Love this place Julian F was an amazing server!  Had a hiccup with the food but she busted balls and made it a great experience.  Thanks Jullian F.!笑
Awesome service, food and prices! That's all you need.笑
Great place to rest your feet from shopping and awesome food. Classic burger hit the spot.笑
I would personally stay away from any of their pasta dishes but their gumbo is really delicious. This also happens to be my favorite Cheesecake Factory location to date, but it is also the busiest location I`ve been to. Thankfully the giant fish tank located right in front of the restaurant is a great source of distraction, especially if you have kids.  Quick and friendly service, great family environment.笑
We all had huge burgers ! I had the mushroom Swiss burger with grilled bun! Perfectly cooked medium well! 
I ordered salad with balsamic vinaigrette instead of fries. Salad was very good & large portion. 2 kinds of bread with butter served before meal. Wheat is soft & warm & is the best. Great service & meal on a Saturday with no wait for a table! Everyone loved their meal!笑
The best part of our visit was that the server was pretty attentive.  The worst part is that we had to send one of the meals back.  The cheese sauce on the mac-burger tasted bad.  This is something that the person who ordered it has apparently had many times at other CF's, and he said that the sauce on this wrong tasted bad, as in spoiled.  The server was nice and took it off our check.笑
Amazing food, amazing restaurant, amazing service! Just outside of the restaurant there is a show that happens every hour or so which you can view from your seat. All in all  one of the better cheesecake factories.笑
Love this place. Every time I'm in a town that has one I've got to go. Cause the service and the food are always awesome. Even though located in the Forum Shops in Ceasars Palace, my wife and I were able to get a table without waiting at 6pm.笑
I have to start by saying that they have the best peach Bellini EVER!!

A small group of us came here and ordered the following...
Peach Bellini
Roasted beets with goat cheese salad
Kale and Quinoa salad
Crispy crab bites
Ahi tartare
Basil tomato flatbread

Everything was delicious!  The service was great.  Our server, David F. was super nice and welcoming.

I love this location.笑
Ahhhh...YES! A restaurant inside a casino that is actually open PAST 11 pm!!  

Our group got seriously sidetracked after some gambling and realized that our afternoon of gambling turned into an EVENING of gambling.  We found our way to Caesar's Palace and we were so surprised that almost all the restaurants were closed!!

Thank goodness we found Cheesecake Factory at the very end of the forum shops.  We were seated immediately!  That was good news for my tired feet.

I ordered the bacon, cheese, mushroom and spinach omelet.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't the best that I've had either.

Service was good all the way up until the end.  We sort of lost our waiter when it came time to pay.  Where did he go?  So we just ended up having to pay cash.

If you don't want to go off the strip to search for a late night dinner spot and you are not craving fast food, Cheesecake Factory inside Caesar's Palace is your best bet!笑
I'll start with the customer service, unfortunately this is what makes it 3 stars.  We had a big group of around 15 people, and yes, they do not take reservations but we did call to let them know about when a 15 people group would be there.

Long story short, there was no table for us when we got there, which is fine, but the hostess was so rude and said it will be an hour and forty five min., she said there was only one table that would fit that many people, we asked if they could push a few tables outside together and she said no.

My coworker got a little upset and asked to talk o the manager, come to find out the wait was not going to be even close to that long and they would push two tables together for us.  So the 1 and 45 min wait time suddenly was only 15 min!!!

Our waitress was great, very sweet and nice.  We came here as a part of our company Christmas party and we work in a restaurant so we sometimes can be hard to make happy, especially our servers lol but she did great and there were no complaints!!!

Food. was. soooooooo. good !!!!!!!!!!!!! omg!!! everyone ate everything off their plates!!!  Fast hot fresh food, great portion sizes and fair prices!!!

I will def go back!!!笑
Great experience here tonight! Located in Forum Shops in Caesars Palace, this place seemed a bit quiet compared to the CF at home in San Diego. 

We ordered all appetizers: Avocado Eggs Rolls (my favorite--always amazing), Tex-Mex Egg Rolls, roasted artichoke, fried chicken sliders and a  combo of fried avocado, zucchini & portobello mushrooms. Great service from Scott. Food was awesome & we had great cocktails too.笑
Who does not like this place? Cheese Cake Factory is always the place to go for good food. I love this location, the only complaint I have is the noise from the shops can be loud, but it is still a wonderful experience.笑
Food is really good but also really heavy. There is no way you can look good in a tube dress after eating here. The portions are always generous (even on the kids menu) so come hungry. Everything is yummy! Pastas can't be beat笑
Happy 400th Review and I am dedicating #400 to The Cheesecake Factory. 
Why The Cheesecake Factory? 
The Reason: This Cheesecake Factory location holds special memories I will never ever forget, I celebrated most of my anniversaries here at this Cheesecake Factory location, the very first celebration was our 7th, which I remember like it was yesterday. We have been back every year,since our 7th. That's many anniversaries here!! 

This recent anniversary was our 21st Anniversary and I wanted to keep the tradition going. 
Although we do have a Cheesecake factory in Hawaii, which I need the energy, to get to Waikiki and with the very long wait, I don't really visit this location back home often. 
This is why, I really look forward to February, our Anniversary. 

I Really do enjoy all my visits to this Cheesecake Factory location, located in the Forum Shops at Caesars adjacent to Caesars Palace on the Las Vegas Strip far north side of the mall. This Cheesecake Factory is HUGE with 2 levels. During my recent visit, we got our table right away after checking in with the hostess, we went after the dinner rush, which was close to 8 pm. 

We always end up ordering our usual, but I still like to glance thru the famous 10 page storybook menu with 200 menu items. I like to see what new items are available. The loaded baked potato tots sounded tempting so I also got that along with our usual. 

Here is what we always order, our anniversary tradition. 

Fried Calamari, came with garlic dip and cocktail sauce, They make the best fried calamari, cooked just right, light and crisp. 

Did you know that Cheesecake Factory has Miso Salmon? 
Our entrée are the Miso Salmon X 2, fresh salmon marinated in miso, served with snow peas and white rice. I always request well done on my salmon. The miso sauce, rice, & snow peas just went so great together. We enjoyed this entrée. 

Loaded baked potato tots, Crispy potato tots filled with cheese, bacon, & green onion, served with sour cream. I didn't care for this tots, I was expecting tots with the stuff separate, like nachos style. It was too rich, we didn't finish this tots. 

We always get our alcoholic beverage and we need to make room for cheesecake. Never leave Cheesecake Factory with out eating a cheesecake, that's too crazy!

The grand finale : cheesecake, deciding on what cheesecake to get is the hard part, with tons of flavors to choose from, My wonderful hubby always lets me choose, we are too stuffed to have our own cheesecake.  For our anniversary cake, I went with the salted caramel, enjoying every delicious bite. 

Note: for any celebration, Cheesecake factory will decorate your cheesecake, free of charge.

About Cheesecake Factory: 
*Established in 1978 by Evelyn and Oscar Overton
*The first Cheesecake Factory was founded in 1978, in Beverly Hills, California, by David Overton
*There are over 150 Cheesecake Factory locations
*The success of The Cheesecake Factory is a great American success story

Overall, we always enjoy our visits here at this Cheesecake location and looking forward to many more! Thank you Cheesecake factory for a memorable celebration. 

Happy 400th & Happy 21st!!

#41/100 for 2017笑
I went on a Tuesday Night and all I can say is that this place is poorly managed. I will never attempt this place on a weekend, because the turn around time is slow. Starts off with the front desk which has a poor system of seating people. The hostess are not friendly at all. Our server was overwhelmed to say the least. There are so many restaurants in Vegas, not worth your time waiting for this place. 

As a side note: what restaurant runs out of Salmon on a Tuesday Night?笑
In Vegas I kinda hoped it'd be all surreal and down the rabbit hole ish like the Chicago spot.

But even though it's not, it's still sooooo good! Sarah and I split the Miso Salmon and had to punch ourselves in the face it was so good!笑
I've visited a few Cheesecake Factory's in USA, and I've never been disappointed. 
They have the largest menu I've ever seen, and all dishes have good quality. 

And I love their original Cheesecake!!!笑
Waited 30 minutes for drinks. Food came out cold. The server was not having a good day.....plastic in my sons pasta! Couldn't get an extra chair because of a "fire hazard" ok then let your guest stay standing!!!!!!!! I'm not leaving here happy....笑
Was here last night for my friend's birthday dinner and had a blast. Despite the host attempting to seat us at an awkward corner, the experience was great once we got seated in a private booth. The food was amazing  (parmigian grilled chicken breast with mashed potatoes and steamed vegetables) as well as the sherly temple I had as a beverage. Second time coming to this establishment  (first time in Virginia Beach) and will definitely come back again....mainly for the cheesecake!笑
Like every other Cheesecake Factory they were organized and friendly. What I liked the most about the place was I that it had a lot of natural light, large windows and tall ceilings. It was a perfect place for a weekend breakfast. They strawberry milkshake is the best!笑
I have been visiting this Cheesecake Factory long before I moved to Las Vegas. The multiple levels is a architectural design element not seen in other restaurants, but is necessary because they get so much traffic. It is located at the very end of The Forum Shops commected to Caesars Palace.

Having to wait to get in and the long journey it takes to get to this location from the casino, are the only two drawbacks. Everything else, including the staff and food have always been good.

It is near a large aquarium and an animatronic show with fire and water, so those help to pass the time. If you are walking around Las Vegas and want to enjoy a nice dinner from a restaurant you know, try this one out.笑
What can I say about Cheesecake Factory... We have been to this location a few times over the years. Sometimes they are very busy and there is a wait. 
I enjoy sitting out front and just watching the fish in the HUGE aquarium it is amazing and fun to pass the time while you wait.
We have never had a bad experience, the food is always very good, Portions are good.
This is one of those places if your in Caesars Palace you just want to eat at because you know the food is good.
I hate trying new places and getting ripped off! Here you never feel like your ripped off. You may go home with some of your food if you aren't real hungry.
Over all we Highly recommend this place, you can not go wrong eating here!!笑
The food here is a solid three stars.  Nothing horrible about it, nothing great.  It's a standard menu with standard food that's a little overpriced for what you get.

But who really goes to a place called The Cheesecake Factory for their entrees?  They really do know how to make a good cheesecake, although you'll probably only need about half a slice.  Their filling is thick while still remaining creamy and full of flavor and the selection is astounding (the tiramisu cheesecake is my personal favorite).  I'm a huge cheesecake fan and I can dig theirs.  I still think my homemade ones are better, but you can't win them all.  

You can't beat this location though.  Sitting on the balcony and looking at the aquarium at the Forum Shops?  That pretty much wins.笑
A fan of cheesecake and have never been here several times and have never been disappointed. Red Velvet is oh so yummy. 
Food portions are Huge!  Menu is HUGE and could be very overwhelming to some which is why I stick to just the cheesecake笑
amazing place to eat! So good, portions are huge. While in vegas I got a bellagio chicken because it made me think of the belliagio hotel. So good! I also like their pastas, pasta da venchi and evelyns. My dad loves their meat loaf. Everything is really good and portions are so generous! Moderately priced. Located in cesars palace. Annoyed that the water is served in a plastic cup, get some glass ones! Free bread, the brown one is amazing!笑
Like other reviewers, I am not necessarily a fan of the chain restaurant. Particularly in Las Vegas when there are so many other great choices of places to eat. That being said, I had my 3rd ever experience at any Cheesecake Factory recently as I was joining some of my wife's colleagues for a pre-show dinner before we were to go see Cher. The place was hopping, but looked very large.

My first impression of this location was great! The staff were very friendly, and despite not having a reservation for 6pm on a Saturday night of a 3 day weekend, our party of 8 was able to be seated within 15 minutes of arriving. Our waiter was excellent. Most of us were either CCF newbies or seldom diners and we were all full of questions about drinks or menu items. Our waiter was very patient, helpful and humorous. I had quite a few questions about the veggie friendly items, and he was very good at answering my questions.

As far as the food and drink. I was happy to find a couple microbrews on the menu, and I opted for the Hefe. The rest of our party enjoyed one of the many cocktails that the CCF offers. All of our drinks came out at the same time, and only after about 5 minutes after we ordered. I ordered the nachos minus the meat and edamame, and most of the table also ordered apps. The portion sizes on these apps was massive, and we probably could have only ordered 4 for the entire table. I was able to conquer about 1/2 the nachos and had significant help with the edamame. Our service was quick, which we needed since we had a show at 7:30pm. Our check came fast (but not too fast) and was worked out very quickly. 

Overall, it was a great experience. Our bill was actually very reasonable especially noting how much food we got. The service was great and the location perfect for what we needed. I probably won't be a CCF regular, but I will definitely be open to dining there again. My only concern was that gratuity was not added to our bill (even though we had 8 people) which was different than I am used to seeing. That could be a problem for people who don't look too closely at their bill.笑
Worse Cheesecake Factory I ever been to. Visited on 12/26/2016. 

1) food was dry, bland and too salty. 
2) ran out of Coke and without asking, the server brought me a Coke Zero, which I don't like 
3) requested more wheat bread and came back 30 minutes later telling me there's no more wheat bread. 
4) fryer out of service and no fried food. 
5) no substitution on kids meal Apple juice with orange juice. 

I am a regular to Cheesecake Factory in CA locations and this location is just one of the worse I ever been to.笑
Yeah this place is good. I came here once after PURE. It was good because when you're witha  crowd of people who usually have some type of after-club attitude, its a good place for them to get whatever they want.笑
We didn't have to wait long even on a busy Friday. The food was good and the service was great!笑
Have never had a bad meal at any Cheesecake Factory and this one was no different. We were there on November 28 for a late lunch. We had no wait time. We received excellent service and the portions were large. Their bread basket is a great start. We shared their Asian or Oriental Chicken Salad, the Artichoke Appetizer and each got a piece of huge cheesecake (of course!) The food was delicious and the Cheesecake was sinfully rich. Loved every minute of it!  I would recommend them and  go again.笑
Love the place!! This exactly whats needed after a long day exploring the strip & shopping. 
Staff are super friendly & overall the place is aesthetically pleasing. Usually pretty busy so you may end up waiting a while but the foods worth it. 

Got some buffalo chicken strips & guh... Big portions, yet so damned tasty ... & I still don't like celery regardless of what its dipped in. 
Refreshing smoothies to boot with care taken in regards to allergies. 
Tried the vanilla bean cheesecake, it was lovely & light. I'm gutted we didn't get to try all of the cakes the bakery looked amazing!!!!! 
Reasonably priced as well & overall pleasant experience, so I have no complaints asides from potentially long waits.笑
Gotta say the food and service were excellent here. While yes this is a chain restaurant I do believe Cheesecake Factory in Las Vegas is one of the best places you can get a bite. My server Katherine was very friendly and attentive. 

Trust me if you walk in from the strip entrance you will take a nice walk through the Palace Shops and earn that bite to eat for sure.笑
Awesome prices for awesome portions!!! The menu is huge! I've been eating here for years and never experienced bad service or bad food! The Bistro Rock Shrimp pasta is very tasty, Fish Tacos are filling, Jambalaya Pasta is one of the best, Tex Mex rolls are delicious!!!! The whole menu which is like a bible is wonderfully appetizing!!!! Lines are long get there early for dinner!!!笑
good food came here while waiting for something at the apple store
one of my monthly  favorite places to come to
fan of everything-drinks on point笑
Really horrible service. I just sat here and waited for almost an hour and my order never got entered. Dumb ass! And the mgr didn't even apologize.笑
I have been wanting to try a Cheesecake Factory for quite some time... I was excited to get the chance to on my latest trip to Las Vegas and I was not disappointed!  We went for lunch on a Tuesday and did not have a wait to get seated (yay!).  The prices of items on the menu were surprisingly very reasonable.  The restaurant was very clean and the wait staff was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.  My husband had a buffalo burger and fries.  He said it tasted great and was very filling.  I had the herb crusted filet of salmon with asparagus and mashed potatoes.  I was very pleased with it; tasted fresh and delicious.  For desert we shared the lemon raspberry cream cheesecake.  Holy. Cow. It was so good.  You must eat desert when you go there... it is named after cheesecake after all!  Worried about not having room for it? Eat it first!笑
It started out really bad.  After checking in with the hostess, we're told about 10 mins wait and was asked to wait behind the counter.  Twenty-five minutes had passed and as we look around everyone that was waiting before us, including those that came after us, were seated except our party. It was then I've decided to come up to the counter where the manager Ahmad where standing and waited patiently for my turn to speak to him (he was talking to the hostess). He never even bothered to ask if I needed anything... he knew I was there and yet he continued to ignore me while he acknowledged this woman who just walked up to him. So, I finally asked  how much longer do we need to wait before we get seated.  Much to our surprise, they couldn't find our ticket.  My wife and I were furious at that point.  Glad we had Alicia as our server.  She asked how our day was and we told her what just happened.  Apparently, she told another manager,Greg, what happened. Greg approached us immediately, he listened and was very apologetic, and offered us an appetizer.  We politely declined but expressed that we were grateful he came and spoke with us.  Overall, what started as a bad experience turned to a very positive one..... Kudos to Alicia who was very attentive and gave us 5 star service.笑
We were originally told there would be a 2 hour wait for our party of 8, however it only took 35 minutes. Nice! Service was good, food tastes great. Cocktail yummy!笑
I should preface this my saying I am not a big fan of the Cheesecake Factory - I usually find the food unimpressive and pretty bland... and the wait for a table is just insane.  We were here on a Saturday at lunchtime and did not have to wait for a table - yay!  However, beware of the "outdoor" seating, which is a patio within the mall.  There is a show right there every hour that is incredibly loud and if you sit out there, you will not be able to carry on a conversation.  Sitting inside the restaurant is far better.  The waitress was very good and attentive and I actually really liked the appetizer (cheddar cheese dip with tortilla chips) but I was very very hungry.  However, the main dish was not so good.  I got the portobello mushroom sandwich with fries.  The fries were actually really good but the mushroom was so greasy that I could not eat it.  Maybe next time I will just stick with the appetizers.笑
Cheesecake Factory has got to be one of my favorite restaurants! I loved it when I lived in Washington and I still love it when I tried it in Vegas. I am a big fan of there happy hour menu and drinks, very delicious. However if I have to choose my favorite by far... Has got to be the Luau Salad! So delicious!!! Nutty, sesame goodness with a thick layer of crispy wonton sheet and chicken breast. They have it in there lunch special menu as well :)笑
I recently made my visit to Las Vegas, Nevada. In the past I have always made my visits to the Cheesecake Factory. I ordered their "chicken picata entree" which was awesome, it consisted of lemon flavored chicken (mixed/ cooked with other high quality ingredients) and angel hair pasta. The majority of their menu is outstanding to choose from however it matters most of what you are in the mood for or ask the server to give you the best ideal selections. The customer service is stellar as well as the prices (not too steep). For the service and the food quality this place usually tops/ does better than the other 5 star rating restaurants within the Vegas strip and you wont over spend your money. The location is inside the Caesar's palace mall (forum shops) nearby the aquarium. Again they usually do a great job getting you situated upon arrival however I usually visit them during the middle of the week.笑
Dined here during my last 3 Vegas trips. Food and service have  been excellent. Ribeye and prime sirloin steaks were both excellent. The garlic herb butter on top of the steak was da bomb! Just exploded with flavor with each bites. The garlic mashed potato is loaded with calories but Who's counting.  Best CF location in my opinion. Manager, waiters/waitresses/hostesses are courteous and acommodating. While waiting for a table, The huge aquarium infront is definitely icing on the cake, no pun intended笑
DID YOU KNOW ALL THE CHEESECAKE FACTORIES ARE THE SAME?  

I have been to a few of them, and this one was like the others.  If you like one where ever you are, then you'll like this one.  

SERVICE:  
The wait is long if you go around dinner time.  We waited, gambled, and drank to get a buzz and went later than 9:00 p.m.   So, we got seated fairly quickly.  The service...nothing special...it's what you'd expect at any Cheesecake Factory restaurant.  

FOOD QUALITY:  
The food was okay.  It was, as I said earlier, like any other Cheesecake Factory on the planet.  

WOULD I GO THERE AGAIN?: 
Probably not.笑
It was our first night staying at Caesars and I was a bit worn out from the drive, so I didn't feel like going too far for dinner. At about 8:30 we went into the Forum Shops area and found a number of places that looked good. One of the last we ran across was the Cheesecake Factory. We didn't want anything that fancy and had dined at different Cheesecake Factory restaurants many times so we decided that this would be fine. We ordered a Chicken Caesar salad and a Pizza.

While we were waiting, all of a sudden, loud throbbing music filled the indoor courtyard. We asked the server what was going on and were told that the Nike store next door was having a promotion or kick-off of some sort. The music was a non-stop throbbing `new-age' sound which was NOT pleasant.

The Pizza was eventually served, but w/out the Chicken Caesar salad. While sharing the pizza, the music suddenly stopped. Yea! A bit of peace and quiet... NOT! Within just minutes there was an explosion and flames coming from the top of the aquarium in the center of the indoor courtyard. Then large animated figurines rose from amidst the flames and went into a `skit' for the people on the other side of the aquarium. It, too, was almost deafening w/ continued explosions and background sounds. As it was directed away from us we could not make out the dialog, just the explosions and screaming.

Well, we're on our second piece of pizza and the manager comes to the table stating that the Chicken Caesar salad would be a bit longer. I told him to forget it. He asked if I was sure and I replied, 'yes'. So, as we're starting our 3rd (and last) slice of pizza... out comes the Chicken Caesar salad. Plop... not a word... and the server (not our waiter) walks away. I nibbled at it, but wasn't that hungry and left most in the bowl.

Just as we are about to ask for the check the `skit' ends. Yea! A bit of peace and quiet... NOT! The Nike noise returns... along with the check which includes the Chicken Caesar. I run down the server and recant my conversation w/ the manager. He says he'll look into it and after about 5 minutes returns with the check w/o the Chicken Caesar. At this point all we wanted to do was leave, so we didn't wait for change, leaving a 25%+ tip for service worth about 10% and an experience worth avoiding.笑
First time ever dining at a Cheese Cake Factory! It's funny because there are two close to my residence but I go to Las Vegas to try it. It's in the the Cesar Forum shops right next to the Zeus Atlantis show. It's not a bad location and the surrounding is nice to look at!

Okay the food...wow. Their huge menu was off putting but the food I ordered silenced my apprehension. 

I ordered the portabella, avocado and zucchini appetizer. I never eat fried food but I'm happy I ordered it. Enjoy the finer, fattening things in life sometimes. 

My main dish was the fish tacos! Hell yes! I loved it! Fish was cooked perfectly and it came with black beans and rice. I was full by the end of the meal. Please try this place out and enjoy your time in a great city.笑
This is my fourth time dinning at this location. Cheesecake Factory is obviously known for cheesecake, but also a variety of food and great service. I may be bias because I'm a local to Summerlin Las Vegas, but this location lacks "great service" the food is sub par, and food wait times are extremely long . Like I said I live in Summerlin and the Boca Park location has exceptional service, the food quality is much higher and the time it takes to receive your food is shorter. Each time dinning here it's been an extremely long time before our food came. If you're a local definitely avoid this location at all cost, I suppose it's convenient for tourist.笑
One of my favorite places to dine in！White chocolate raspberry truffle is the best ever!笑
Took forever to get our food. My huevos ranchero tasted like it had been sitting under the lamp for quite a while. Stiff and not very tasty. Our server did apologize and credited our bill for my food. (I only ate a few bites.) Very disappointed in Cheesecake Factory!笑
I know this is chain restaurant and have eaten at Coral Gables & Aventura locations several times but this Cheesecake is located inside the Cesar's Forum shops where diners can watch the Fall of Atlantis show for free. We sat on the terrace and it was great for people watching.

Ordered the Smoke House BBQ burger (Smoked Bacon, Cheddar, Onion Strings, Ranch BBQ). This burger was pretty enormous and mighty tasty. Bacon & onion rings were crispy. The patty was juicy medium. It came with fries so this was definitely a filling lunch for $12. My friend got the Factory Burger and said that it was also good.

Service was swift and polite. Got seated in 5 minutes and food came in a timely manner. We were there on a Monday so weekends are probably a lot busier from reading other reviews.笑
This is my favorite place to eat at. Every time we go on a vacation we always look for this place. The atmosphere is very nice and service is okay depending on location. This  is located at the end of Forum Shops at  Caesar Palace (where the animatronic show  begins every hour).  They have at least 18 pages (including a whole page of cheesecakes to choose from) on the menu with a variety of items to choose from. The waiter we had was very friendly and helpful in choosing the item she recommend. My mom and I both ordered Chicken Madeira and Steak Diane ($19.95 each)  and ordered caesar salad ($3 each). Our waiter brings our salad and  bread to our table. While I enjoyed the bread (especially the wheat bread) I didn't enjoy the caesar salad. The lettuce had bitter taste to it and the salad did not come with anything ( ex: cheese, onions, tomato,etc) that should be on it. I will say the ranch was delicious. About 30 mins later our waiter brought our entrees to our table.  The steak I had was tender and delicious and  the chicken Madeira
 with cheese was average. My mom thought her food was good also.  For dessert, I ordered the original cheesecake which was yummy! This place get pretty pricey ($60 was the check for  two of us) but was worth every penny.

I would definitely come back here next time I'm in Vegas or when I'm  nearby one and would recommend those who haven't dine here to check this place out. It's something for everyone!!笑
After a meeting a coworker and I decided to stop here for lunch. The great thing is you can order from their small plates menu and share different foods. We had fried zucchini , blue cheese / pear flat bread, and then chicken wraps with a spicy sauce. This is a great way to nibble without going overboard. We were sat right away and had a great server. I was very happy with our service , our server had a sense of humor and was very outgoing ! We were tempted to have cheesecake , how can you come here and not do it ? So our server was kind enough to split one Strawberry cheesecake in half to serve to us. This was a great experience with great food , hands down.笑
This is the busiest Cheesecake Factory in their corporation and thats because its in such a great place: its right in the middle of the Caesar's Forum Shops. It also happens to be next to a Nike Town and a Virgin Megastore. Not to mention, a really huge and cool aquarium. I like coming here after a long day of wasting money at Caesar's. Also, I think the Cajun Rib-eye is the best kept secret in the business. Why? Its better than an outback porterhouse, by far, its not too expensive, and it has a huge serving size. They marinate these behemoths for at least 24hrs and in the end you wind up with a huge, juicy, tender steak broiled not too badly. YUMM.笑
Believe it or not, this was my first time eating a meal at The Cheesecake Factory. I've picked up a few slices of cheesecake at the Thousand Oaks location, but hadn't sat down to eat until now. I was a little hesitant to visit a chain restaurant during our Vegas trip, but after looking at the menus of other nearby establishments, TCF seemed like the best option. And speaking of options, there is something for everyone here. The menu is like a novel. I can see this being a great place for large families, because one person may want Mexican another pasta, etc. The service here was very good. They came to refill water often. I had a roasted chicken dish with potatoes and carrots. I was pleasantly surprised, being that it is a chain restaurant. The portions were plenty and there was no room for yummy cheesecake. And everything was reasonably priced. If you're going to choose a chain restaurant, this is one of the better ones.笑
I'm generally indifferent to the Cheesecake Factory - to me it's basically two star food from a pointlessly long menu, served in ginormous portions in a painfully loud space.

This CF was better than average with really, really good service. We ordered Thai Lettuce Wraps and Summer Rolls and both were fresh and pretty darn tasty.

Cheesecake Factory still isn't my favorite, but this location is much better than most others.笑
I was craving cheesecake and well a trip to the strip happened!  We got there around nine  pm on a Thursday's night not too busy, and there was no wait time. However in case you come in a busy day there is always the aquarium and the show that happened to be conveniently located by the front of the restaurant to keep you entertain. 
My boyfriend order a Long Island ice tea and I got a mojito. The mojito a was delicious ! We got the macaroni and cheese appetizer and since we were there for dessert the tiramisu cheese was our goal. The service was amazing and the atmosphere was relax since it was almost closing time.笑
First time eating at Cheesecake Factory. I ordered the bacon bacon cheeseburger and it was so good it rivaled a Gordon Ramsay burger and I love Gordon Ramsay burger. Service was good and restaurant was clean.笑
We usually eat here at least once while in town.
This time, I really wish we had not.
Sunday morning, 11 am and not too busy.  10 minute wait.
Get seated by hostess and 5 mins later our waitress comes for our drink order and says she will bring bread.  5 mins later our drinks come  Not bad.
15 mins later, no waitress, no water, no iced tea, no bread.  I am looking around like... hello?
Another 5 mins and nothing happens.  I get up and have to flag down some other server for my iced tea and ask for our bread.  "I'll check" he says.
A few mins later HE brings the bread, not our waitress.  
Then she comes by "oh sorry, they were baking it" - BS., I could see other tables being brought bread all the time.
5 more mins go by and she then comes back for our order.  2 entrees and a salad.
My salad comes a few mins later with the tiniest portion of dressing on the side.  I finish the dressing with 1/2 the salad to go.... huh?  I start looking around for 'someone' to ask for more dressing.  Literally nobody there even looking around to help me.  Then our server brings the food... "here is your order, are you done with your salad?".  Uh, no I needed more dressing but I could flag nobody down to bring me any more.  "Do you want me to get you more dressing now?".

I tell her no, I don't have that long to wait.

Bottom line, the food was great.  The service SUCKED.  Worst ever at a Cheesecake Factory.  And they were not busy!  There was no excuse for it.  Our server had an attitude and just did not care about her customers at all.

I left in a really pissed off mood.笑
Tiramisu Cheesecake. Yummy. Even tastier when you have in an amazing locale as the Caesars palace.笑
Everytime i'm in Vegas I make a stop at the cheesecake factory in Caesars Palace. The selection is great, never dissapointed, never too long of a wait, and the staff is exceptional. Our last visit over the weekend we had the pleasure of being served by Gabriel. He was so delightful, fun, witty and charming. His service went above and beyond. Love this place:)笑
This Cheesecake Factory has 3 entries on Yelp.  It was Happy National Cheesecake Day on July 30 & July 31st, 2014 so I went over to a Cheesecake Factory (not this branch) to have a slice of cheesecake at 1/2 price!!

Anyways the following is my review for this location written back in February 2014:

I must confess that I am a diehard Cheesecake Factory fan!  Unless the service is very bad, I will not give them less than 4 stars.  This specific location inside Caesars Palace holds a special place in my heart, but I will not go into specifics.  Suffice it to say that I love this place!

Normally, I get here before it gets too crowded.  Sometimes I will have to wait, but it is worth the wait.  Will just wait and people watch or browse around some of the Forum shops til it is our turn.

The menu reads like a small book.  It can get confusing at times cause everything sounds so good.  Every appetizer and entree that I have had has not disappointed.  All are above average, and the portions are huge so come hungry.  

Of course, a meal here is not complete without dessert.  I will always save room for a slice of cheesecake.  If it means that I cannot finish my entree, then I will just take home the leftovers and enjoy it the next day.  I have tried over a dozen of their cheesecake flavors.  My current favorites are Dutch Apple Caramel Streusel cheesecake, White Chocolate Caramel Macadamia Nut cheesecake, and White Chocolate Raspberry Truffle cheesecake.

I only have one complaint.  Stop discontinuing my favotite sandwiches.  They used to make a three cheese Grilled Cheese sandwich which was awesome.  They also used to make a Monterey Cheeseburger which was the bomb.  I truly miss those two items.  

With that being said, every time we return to Caesars Palace, going to this Cheesecake Factory is a must.  Many good memories here.笑
mmm yummy cheesecake and yummy food. friendly staff and great options for food. beautiful restaurant as well.笑
This was my second time coming to The Cheesecake Factory. It was a really nice Cheesecake Factory since it was inside The Forum Shops at the Caesar's Palace. This one had an outside patio for dining with a view of the pretty fish tank! Nice!

For this time around, I had ordered The Incredible Grilled Eggplant Sandwich with grilled Japanese eggplant, roasted bell peppers, red onions, melted mozzarella and garlic aioli on a toasted bun with a side of sweet potato fries. I asked the waitress if she would order my sandwich with the aioli on the side. When my dish arrive, I noticed that they did not place the aioli on the side (I am thinking that the waitress forgot to note it down), that  the eggplant was cut in quarters instead of being sliced thinly. What's the big deal, right? Well my Yelpers, trying to eat a chunk of an oily grilled eggplant inside a toasted bun smeared with garlic aioli and melted cheese and slippery grilled peppers makes it difficult to handle and eat. The eggplant kept slipping off my sandwich every time I took a bite. Hence, I decided to just take it off my sandwich and have a roasted pepper and cheese sandwich and eat the eggplant on the side. If they would change the cut of the eggplant, then the sandwich would definitely no be as messy to eat and enjoy, especially if you are paying like $15!

I tried the Chicken Madeira from a friend's plate. The chicken was very tender and juicy and the sauce was not too salty or bland, perfect! I also tried her mashed potatoes and loved that you can taste real potatoes! Definitely not potatoes out of the box and then scooped onto your plate haha. Great portion for two meals! Now that's a bargain. My friend, however, ordered the plate with no asparagus and it came with it anyhow. Thus, the waitress forgot to note it down as well. 

Overall, great dining experience! Service was okay since the waitress kept forgetting minor details and tried to get us to keep buying dessert even after we were obviously full and in a bit of a rush. She did bring us ton of bread to eat though.

I笑
I really think the cheesecake factory here at the Cesear palace location is much better than the one in Boca Park, Summerlin.  The food is seasoned better and the portion seems bigger too. Will be coming here from now on, even if it is a longer wait.笑
I can order anything on their menu at any location and can expect to always have awesome meal with great service and this location is certainly no exception.  

Service was spot on, location was awesome next to all the great stores at Forum shops, and the food was excellent. 

My favorite item has to be their chicken nachos...gotta try these! Main entree was the ribeye, seriously...for not being a steakhouse; their steak was cooked perfectly and had perfect flavor overall a perfect steak. I think they can give Flemmings and Ruth's Chris a run for their money as their steak is about $20 less and includes a side. 

Once again...a Cheesecake Factory has provided an excellent experience and a desire to come back soon.笑
So, the final verdict is out. 312 menu items, not including beverage offerings. Holy crap. If you can't find something you like at Cheesecake Factory, you are just a grumpy Gus.  I had the taco salad-type dish. It was ok - sooo much lettuce - but my friend had the Santa Fe sandwich, which he said was tasty. Wine was good and didn't break the bank. 

This location is apparently the busiest in the world. I wouldn't doubt it... It's always packed.笑
Love The Cheesecake factory! Their Steak Diane melts in your mouth, good quality and excellent mashed taters! The setting is romantic and elegant. Very nice atmosphere and you get superior service! This location at Ceasars is fun and relaxing, better than the other two locations!笑
I ate here with a group of 6 while visiting Las Vegas. We had a late lunch so it wasn't very crowded. Our server was great -- very attentive and prompt. My boyfriend and I shared the chipotle chicken pasta and it was definitely big enough for two. Our friends all ordered cheesecake that looked amazing. Try to get a seat inside to cut down on some of the noise from "The Fall of Atlantis" fountain show that happens every so often outside in the Forum Shops.笑
I wish I knew about this website a few months ago. 

My family and I had great experience at other cheesecake factory. This location was a total upset. We made reservation ahead of time for twelve people and the staff rest assured that they can accomodate that much.

Our reservation was supposed to be at 6:00 pm, but we weren't seated until 7:00 p.m. At this point, the men in the family were all upset, but still had to go in, for the sake of the ladies. So we followed the staff to an area, but only to find out that they didn't have our table ready. We were told that we will be scattered or to be sitted in different tables...even though we had a party of twelve. By this time, I was really angry. I wasn't able to hold myself in, I freaked out. They were supposed to find a way to meet our needs. Like they say, customers are always right. But the unorganized staff didn't deliver at all. Everyone in my family were upset because of what was going on and we were suppose to have a great time since it was my daughter's birthday. Anyway, as mentioned the staff were just horrible. We didn't get our drinks in a five minute time frame, but instead longer. It took us even longer to order and to get our food. The most irritating part, they messed up on some of the orders and didn't even apologize. Since I am very carefree, I asked one of the staff for the manager. I told the manager that we weren't happy and that, he had the worst staff any person can imagine.Out of all the cheesecake factory (at the ceasar's forum) staff, the manager, I believe was, the only one who was decent to actually care about his job and the reputation of the restaurant. 

Skip this place when you are in Las Vegas. The worst restaurant ever. I would rate this place half a star.笑
I absolutely love this restaurant and try to eat there every time I am in Las Vegas. They have a menu full of variety and options and very unique combinations of food. My server was excellent and the food was delicious I have no complaints笑
This place can be an absolute nightmare to get to as it's at the very, very, very back of the forum shops, but it's worth it.

The food is normal Cheesecake Factory fare-the menu is huge. I went for the California Cheesesteak and enjoyed it. No cheesecake this time around, but looking around and seeing folks eating it, it looked delicious.

Our server was awesome. Despite juggling a lot of tables during a busy lunch hour, he was on top of his game and got everything right. He really impressed.

This is a good choice for lunch or dinner, especially if you're staying in Caesar's.笑
Sad to write this.  Was there last week and sat at the bar.  The service was excellent the bartender was on it! Even though they were super busy she was awesome.  My problem was with the aftermath.  I had the jambalaya which I always have.  We look for cheesecake factories so I can eat it.

While eating the chicken and shrimp both tasted a little bit "off" I thought maybe it was the cajun seasoning (this one was more seasoned than the usual ones) well it wasn't I was up all night puking not the best way to spend our last night in Vegas.笑
Although not my first pick, my wife loves it. Food is always good....just not my fancy.  Service always spot on!! Extremely weird but for whatever reason, I've only had cheesecake here a couple times. It's good for sure...but I wouldn't come here just for it. A good value and definitely a recommendation!!笑
I have nothing bad to say about this Cheesecake Factory!!  We came here because we were meeting friends from Germany, and they don't have any Cheesecake Factories there (sucks to be them!!!) so they wanted to meet up at one here.  Fine by me!!

We met friends here for dinner at 8 on a Sunday night.  There was about a 10 minute wait, if that.  They seated us even though all of our party wasn't there--two of them were on European time.  It gave us plenty of time to enjoy our first round of drinks and to peruse the 87 page menu (only a slight exaggeration).

Our waitress was extremely patient and accomodating considering we were there for over 2 hours.  She was extremely attentive and kept asking us if we needed refills on anything and was great with the suggestions when we were debating about what to get.

My husband got some sort of amazing breakfast burrito that was twice the size of his head.  And he ate every bite of it, too (minus what I stole!)  My friend and I split the tuna carpaccio and the bang bang shrimp.  I also ordered a delicious side salad when their house dressing.  AMAZING.

Overall, it was a great experience, and I would definitely go again!笑
I was eating solo this night and was starving when I was perusing the Caesars mall. I decided to go for a known quantity since I have known CF for years. I ate at the bar and had my usual soda and small chopped salad and bread. It came out to $15 bucks with tip. That's CHEAP by Vegas standards. The small salads are a good deal b/c CF gives you a huge amount of food in the main entrees and so these are just the right generous portion and most hotel rooms have no place to refrigerate or heat up your doggy bag anyways.

Bar staff was great. I think it was Tim that helped me. Always made sure to keep my glass filled. Kudos to him and he's cute to boot.

Verdict: Okay so CF is a chain that is everywhere nowadays, but it's nice to find someplace that is a known quantity, fed me in less than an hour, and isn't charging 50% more than their normal outlets and has a nice bar staff.笑
I LOVE this location! The service is amazing and everyone is really friendly and helpful. I highly recommend trying the passion martini or Cosmo because both are delicious. The menu is HUGE. This is the type of place where there is something for everyone. Call ahead to get wait times. You can always shop in the forum while waiting.笑
Excellent food and service! My only objection was that we were a party of 2 and a party of 2 that came in after us was seated before we were. But, the wait time for a table was 5 to 10 minutes. I was in Las Vegas for 8 days and I have to say that was the quickest we got into any restaurant on the strip. Our waiter was very attentive and made sure our drinks were kept full. The atmosphere is beautiful but it is rather loud. We happen to get there when the Atlantis show was going on which made it even louder. The food was excellent. It was hot, great tasting and plenty of it. I left full and with a doggy bag. I spent close to the same amount I spent at Gordon Ramsay's Pub and Grill that I only got three tiny sliders and ail at. Here I had appetizers, main course and desert. I would highly recommend here and would dine here again.笑
I usually try to avoid going to the Strip as much as I can when visiting, because I hated being around the strip when I lived there, and I sure do not love it even now. However, my friends insisted on going to the Cheesecake Factory for brunch, and I haven't actually eaten at a Cheesecake Factory before (except that one time I tried their cheesecakes, which were pretty good), so sure, why not.

Located inside the Forum Shops at the Caesars Palace, this is definitely a touristy place. It's huge with lots of seating and it's located right in front of that aquarium thing with the show every hour or so. Actually, we chose to seat outside, and one of those shows started playing, which could be a bit annoying since they dim all the lights and it's really loud. 

Anyway, back to the food. I got the French toast. Overall, it wasn't bad. It was cooked well and the inside was nice and custardy. It wasn't too sweet either, which I really don't like on my French toasts, so that was a good thing! It was ok, didn't blow me away, but wasn't disappointing either.

The service was great. Our server was patient with us and regularly refilled our drinks. He even informed me that my food was going to take a while to be served, since the first batch got burnt. I definitely appreciated him letting me know that. 

Overall, food was decent and priced not outrageously. Service was nice! It's definitely one of those touristy places though. So if you're visiting, this would be a great place to dine. However, if you don't like touristy places, or just don't like being at the Strip, then you might want to consider someplace else.笑
Large menu, many choices never go wrong!! Short wait and good service and very generic menu good all over the country :)笑
The crispy crab bites on the lite appetizers menu are pretty awesome. You only get about 5 or 6, but they are super tasty and will not fill you up for your huge entree. I also ordered the Cuban sandwich. It's not your typical Cuban that's on a slim, pressed bun, but it's a huge sandwich that's you'd get at a typical sub sandwich place. I was kind of disappointed by that since Cuban sandwiches should be made a certain way. It tastes good though!笑
You know what you're going to get at a Cheesecake Factory - large portions and tasty food - and you know what you're going to get on the Strip - sorted like cattle, overcharged, and rushed. At this location, we got all of the first and none of the second.

They handle the crowds rather brilliantly - they take your name and tell you what time to come back, and when you return, you're swept directly to a table. It lessens the cattle-chute feeling when you get to just step up, step away, then return to be seated. We had a brilliant, wonderful waiter who nonetheless neglected to warn us we'd ordered too much food, but laughed along with us when we were defeated by the portion size. He was delightful and friendly, like everyone else we spoke to there, despite the weirdness of individuals in crowds (if you have 17 adults and five children, you need to ask for a table for 22, not a table for 17 ya weirdo).

Prices were higher than a non-strip Cheesecake Factory, but not offensively so.笑
Right from the start the service and attentiveness was great. We have two young children, one with diabetes, and the hostess and wait staff was very helpful with the timing and questions on the menu. Very cool being right next to the aquarium and Forum show. Styx was our server, and she was AMAZING.笑
Pretty much every dish I have ordered from their very big menu has been good.  They have variety for everybody, good prices, good service, good drinks and good cheesecakes!  What is not to like?
About this specific location, it is very busy with long wait times.  I honestly prefer going to the off the strip locations.  My favorites are the crab wontons, the avocado rolls, chicken taquitos, the lousiana chicken pasta, herb crusted salmon, jamaican shrimp, shrimp scampi, and stuffed chicken tortillas!....The brown bread served is really good as well as their soups.  Every time I have visitors and I have taken them there, they have absolutely loved it!笑
Service here isn't bad. The food is pretty decent. We decided done here bcz we couldn't make up or minds. This is what we finally agreed on. It's late. We're all hungry. The food here is generally consistent. We dine here bcz it's a familiar restaurant chain. 
Don't ask me for a particular dish. I always order different.笑
This place rocked. They had everything imaginable on the menu, cool atmosphere and more of the more affordable nice places out in Vegas. Really good service too and very clean.笑
I had very high expectations. People are always bragging online about how they ate at the Cheesecake Factory and they take pictures of their food with Instagram filters. I thought it'd be overrated and regular but I actually enjoyed myself.

There isn't a Cheesecake Factory here in AK so I had to give it a try while I was in Vegas. Ordered their Ribeye Steak medium rare with Mac & cheese and Mash potatoes. I judge a lot of restaurants based off of their ability to cook steak correctly. I'm no snob or highly experienced chef but cooking steak isn't exactly easy so if a restaurant can cook a steak properly, it gets major kudos from me. They not only cooked my steak perfectly but even the cut itself was of high quality. Maybe I'm exaggerating but it tasted and looked perfect. The mac & cheese was gooey goodness and the potatoes was good also. I ordered an Oreo Cheesecake to go which was fancy smancy yumminess but I expected that considering the name of the place. I wish we had one up here and I can't wait for my next visit.笑
Michael is serving us right now (10 pm 7/12/17) and he is so professional and charismatic! My family and I are locals and this is one of our favorite cheesecake places because of the great service employees provide! My mom forgot her reading glasses and he was so kind to offer his so she can read the menu. Haha thank you, Michael!!!笑
Favorite restaurant in Vegas! Food was amazing!!! Loved their angel hair pesto like pasta with chicken. So good! Loved their bread basket esp the rye, really fresh! Just disappointed to one of our visits as our waitress never served them. Their shrimp and fries, chicken strips with corn on the side were good! Portion sizes were huge! 

Can't beat their desserts! Red velvet and carrot cheesecake were fantastic! Really recommend these 2 flavors.笑
Best place to eat on the strip.  Great ambiance with the Atlantis show in the middle of the forum shops.  Great service, Great portions!

I will be stopping here each year when we visit Vegas.笑
Great food. Great people. Open late. And they have happy hours and deals on certain things. Foods of all kind. And they change the menu a lot. So you can always find something new to try. Definetly a place for dinner parties and families. They also have a show right in front for the tourists since we r in Las Vegas Baby!!!!笑
Buenísimos platos. Recomendado el "bistro shrimp pasta", abundante y para compartir. 
Cheesecake para probar el de banana.笑
Consistently good food and we were not waiting around forever to obtain a table between the lunch and dinner crowd. Still busy mind you! We chose the interior dining area this time and immersed ourselves in the lunch selections. MAN, this place has it all. HUGE menu. How do they do it all so well?
For $11.50 I chose a pasta special - spicy chipotle chicken. It was really good although the chicken was quite dry. I wish they would carry a lunch special with shrimp in it! The sauce was just enough and although it claims to be spicy, it is not so to people like me!
Our waiter was professional, pleasant and down-to-earth. 
Very casual dining here.
My biggest complaint was the music playing. Awful, back to the era of Huckleberry Finn.笑
I wish I could give this Cheesecake Factory 10 stars. 

Here's why: my sister can't have gluten or black pepper. Yep, I know. That sucks. BUT, this Cheesecake Factory made that issue 100x easier. Their management came by our table and showed my sister exactly what she could eat and what they could substitute/take out. If they didn't know, they would contact the chef. 

THAT. IS. AWESOME. 

And they didn't ever make my sister feel bad or show any signs of irritation when she had questions. 

Also, everyone at our table loved what they ordered. BRAVO.笑
always good!!!
portions are huge. my friend order a cobb salad and it was enormous. i had a delicious turkey sandwich... it is definitely a spot to go when you get sick of the buffets.笑
Expected long lines but we were surprisingly seated within 15 minutes.  Instead of pagers, they just tell you to wait near the bakery behind the hostess.  Our server was attentive and the food was great.  I love Cheesecake Factory but I typically never go to this location because there are so many other places to try out in Vegas.  Since I had 2 picky teens with me, I figured we could please all palates here and have something to do afterwards in the Forum Shoppes.笑
I was in Vegas with my mom and sister for a girls weekend.  This was our last dinner in town.  I had never been to a CF in my life.  It was a Saturday night and we only had to wait about 15 minutes for our table.

Once seated, they presented us with menus that could feed an army one at a time.  I believe it was quoted to me at 30+ pages!

Our server, Steven B. made the experience phenomenal.  He's adorable, very humorous and ON IT!  By on it I mean he anticipated our every whim all the while still finding time to give other tables around good service.  He kept coming by on his way from another table to crack a joke or two.

I have never felt so welcomed at a large restaurant before.  The personalized service would have prompted me to review this place even if the food was mediocre.  Except the food wasn't mediocre.  I ordered a taco salad from the Skinnylicious menu and was shocked at the enormous size AND it was delicious.  I also sampled the Ahi appetizer which was delectable.  My mom ordered a to die for pear martini.

Thank you CF for making things such a great experience and a special thanks to Steven B. for being the ULTIMATE in service staff.  You are my hero!笑
Delicious!  Try the chicken Madeira with onion rings and a salad with their awesome blue cheese dressing.笑
I never ever eat at Cheesecake Factory at home because there is always an obscene line, but I was able to grab a table here.  I had completely forgotten how good this place is. The variety, quality and taste of the food is fantastic and the service was great too. I understand why people do actually stand in a long line to eat here.笑
The food tastes so bad and hygiene was so bad either there is no next time. The server was not too bad笑
This is one of the more reliable restaurants to visit when in LV. Sure, it's kind of tired, seeing as there is one in almost every state, but that's what makes it a must visit since the majority of restaurants on the strip are either a vat of food-poisoning or very overpriced. 

In terms of service this place is almost always busy, so you might not get the service you'd like, and it's also not the best CF I've been to, but it's on my top ten list for LV.笑
oh-my-gawd, you have to come and try this!

i said i've never been to cheesecake factory, so hubby puts this on our to-do list while we're in vegas. the food - amazing! we had a massive salad thing with purple cabbage, jambalaya noodles, red velvet cheesecake, and our own lemonade and tequila LOL. so surprised they let us drink our own cocktail in the restaurant. but omg the food quality was amazing and totally delicious. since my 2011 vegas trip i've subscribed to the cheesecake factory fanpage on facebook and they don't even have any locations in canada! 

our server, i forget his name, he was like the MOST awesome server. like he's funny, honest, and really helped us out. this is the only time we tipped 30% and were happy about it. 

okay i only have one bone to pick with this store: bring it to canada!笑
When I stumbled into The Cheesecake Factory while checking out the shops inside The Forum Shops at Caesars, all I could think about was Penny and the guys from The Big Bang Theory. I abso-freakin-lutely love this show so you can imagine how stoked I was to find this place. 

Nothing else mattered at that moment... I had to try it!

I went there twice and loved it both times. The First time was for dinner (and dessert as well merci beaucoup!) - I had their kobe burger w/ fries and it was pretty good. For dessert, I had their original cheesecake w/ Graham Cracker Crust and Sour Cream topping.... So good!

The second I went was in sometime in the morning and all I wanted was another cheesecake so I sat down and said to the waiter: "Cheesecake please.." He recommended the Vanilla Bean cheesecake so I went with that and it was amazing!

I wish we had one in Melbourne.. I really like it - the staff are very nice, I like the setup (nothing too formal nor too casual). It's a great place to chill and the price is quite reasonable too... I highly recommend it.笑
All hail the Cheesecake Factory at Caesar's!  We were having a bad day, stopped here for lunch, and it was like the sky opened and sunlight began to stream on our faces.  The air was sweeter, the weather nicer, all of humanity was in love with us.  Okay, it wasn't that extreme, but Cheesecake Factory really knows how to make you feel at home.  

Our server, Gabby, was so great.  The strawberry lemonade is like a drug, that's how delicious it is.  Fresh-made guacomole and warm chips!  Super lunch specials.  I wish I was there now.  And do I even need to mention the cheesecake?  They have a new 30th Anniversary cake -- chocolate fudge cake and the original cheesecake together.  So good.笑
Instead of fighting the crowd out after a show at the Colosseum, it is better to just get dinner and wait it out. I do not have fond memories of this location. I had a birthday here when I was a teenager, 7 out of 25 of us got food poisoning, and never looked back until now. Almost a decade has passed and a part of me cringed when my friend suggested going here. I wanted to go to the other place known for their desserts in the Forums, but she is allergic to chocolate. 

Between three of us, we split the Buffalo Chicken Blasts, Skinnylicious Spicy Chicken Salad, and the Everything Pizza with kalamata olives and jalapenos. Overall, the food was decent. It is nothing spectacular. In fact, the only thing that is impressive about it is the sheer amount they give you. We could have probably stuck with two items and splitting between three.笑
Great as always. I'm forever recommending their Ceasar Salad, fried mac and cheese balls, and Red Velvet Cheesecake. The only flaw is their seating. If you're upstairs near the railing, be careful. There's nothing covering the fence part, so if you drop a knife (as I did) you /will/ hit someone. Luckily, it landed between her back and the booth but still. They need to fix that. After the incident, the manager just told me to keep my silverware away from that side to avoid another mishap. 

That mishap would never happen again if they fixed that, but still. Always A+ food no matter the location. The staff is super friendly. :)笑
Great food. The lunch portions are huge. If you want dessert, you may need to share an entree.笑
The waiters are really busy...
Pasta Da Vinci was veeery tasty
And the cheesecake... yummy!笑
The Ahi Carpaccio was amazing, and the food was better than good. We had a very late dinner even for Vegas standards so it seemed like we were imposing.笑
My girlfriends and I found ourselves drunk and starving at the Forum Shops one Saturday afternoon. Too tired to find a cheap place to eat (which was hard in the Forum Shops) but not wanting to spend a crazy amount of money for lunch, we found the Cheesecake Factory! I know... we can find this restaurant back at home... but we were really hungry and the Factory never really had failed us in the past.

We were seated right away, and we sobered up quickly with their complimentary bread, lol. We decided to eat light (as we planned to eat greasy pizza later that night) so we ordered calamari and the luau salad, which were both very good and served in big portions. We ended the lunch with a macadamia nut cheesecake, in celebration for my late birthday with my girlfriends!

Overall, it was a good experience with good food and good friends. We're glad to have found this restaurant while super drunk. Thanks!笑
Zero star. Terrible service! 
  I left my bag there after I finish my meal, when I back home I realize my bag is in the restaurant, and I go back immediately, but the waiter tell me there was nothing on my table.
  I go home again and still can not find my bag and I decide to call them back, but the lady who pick up the phone let me waiting on phone for 1 hour and then hang up my phone call. 
  I call them back again, they said they have my bag, and I drive all the way back again. 
 When the second time I go back, I ask for their manager, and I tell him I need to drive one hour to come here each time, and I spend two hours on driving and waiting on phone for one hour just for take my bag back.  And then the manager said: you house is far away from here is not our fault, and you wait on phone for one hour is system's fault, not us. And he keep saying we are big company, we not going to steal your bag. But all I want is a apologize ok? They treat me so mean, and I have the picture for that one hour phone call.笑
This Cheesecake Factory is located inside Caesars Palace and is absolutely beautiful! Eat outside if you can. We had no wait and our waitress was very accommodating. I ordered the Mexican Tortilla salad- delicious and fresh. As an appetizer we had the basil, mozzarella, tomato flatbread- also good but small. My boyfriend ordered the four cheese pasta with chicken- very tasty! Lunch portions are great. Of course we ended with Cheesecake and requested the key lime- tasted fresh and sweet and perfectly tart. Try the tropical iced tea too.笑
My husband and I had a late dinner. We ordered the Chicken Bellagio and Chopped salad. The Chicken Bellagio was delicious! The chicken was tender and crispy at the same time and the pesto pasta was perfect! The bread arrived warm and soft with a crispy crust. The service was great and our drinks were topped without any prompting. The only reason i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the chopped salad was a tad over dressed. Also, we've been to the Cheesecake factory several times and it's not consistently 5 stars.笑
went here two days in a row with my friends while spending the weekend in Vegas, sort of got dragged along the 2nd time.  Honestly, their food is decent, but too plain in my opinion, I wasn't wowed by anything.

  The first time I had the spicy crispy chicken sandwich, which was tasty, but again, nothing crazy.  Second time I had pasta with meat sauce, maybe my fault fault for not ordering something more exotic, but again nothing I couldn'tve made at home.  The meals are at least affordable.  And while their HUUUGE portions could be a plus for some people, I really think they should scale them down a bit.  Seriously, we were a party of 9, and I think the food we didn't finish could've fed a company of soldiers for a day.  And we ordered one entree each with two or three appetizers to share.  

One last thing that made me give them 3 stars was that a buddy of mine ordered Eggs Benedict, and the thing came drenched in Hollandaise sauce.  Literally, you couldn't see what was underneath.  

Anyways, just like the rating says, A-OK, but I wouldn't go there again with everything else that Vegas has to offer.笑
3 stars for the cheesecake! minus one star for the crowded tables and the flavorless jambalaya. We came here after walking all over the strip because I had a giftcard and the food was just ok. The only thing I recommend getting here is the cheesecake- I can't remember what it was called, but it had reeses crumbled on top with caramel swirls and cheesecake on a butterfinger crust with more caramel. I'm drooling just writing about it....笑
Great location.  We came after finding out that we cound't get a seat at the buffet due to long line.  The staffs were super helpful with getting us a table line up.  There is a huge aquarium right outside of the restaurant to keep the kids entertained.  Our waitress was kind and patient.  Food never disappoint.  Overall a very happy dining experience.笑
When with family, shopping in Caesar's Forum this is the perfect choice!
The service excellent! As always in a Cheesecake Factory.
Anyone can find something they like on this giant menu! The food rock solid, not amazing, never terrible, but consistently good!笑
The food here was amazing like always and the executive chef Andres even came out to our table to say hi !!笑
I had the Ahi Salad and it was Delicious. Big fan! I also had the strawberry shortcake and it was also amazing. 

Our waiter was friendly and attentive, and they had a little "outdoor'' patio area to eat on. Of course, since it was inside with the forum shops in Caesar's Palace, it was still inside. Good food!笑
Always find the food at Cheesecake Factory so yummy! This time I ordered the herb crusted salmon...comes with a nice serving of salmon, asparagus, and mashed potatoes! It was delish! I gotta give props to our waitress Jessica...she totally rocked with her quick service!笑
I've only eaten here at the bar counter while I was shopping and somebody said "feed me."  Okay, that was my tummy and he didn't whisper either.   The service was very friendly and quick and the food was very good and as usual I had to get a doggie bag.   I can't really comment on the atmosphere inside since I was sitting at the bar.笑
Hubby had a gift card for this place, so we came back here to eat during our visit to Vegas.
Our server, David F was very nice. I've seen him before from our visits to this restaurant and he told us he's worked there about 12 yrs.  
We had:
1. fried calamari, $11.95. Not as good as I remembered. Wouldn't order again
2. Orange chicken, $16.95. Didn't taste that good. Hubby ordered it and said the orange chicken was better at Panda Express.
3. Skinny Caesar Salad, $9.95. I seemed to remember it was better before. No anchovies.
4. Coffee $3
5. Fresh Strawberry cheesecake, $7.95.  It was Ok. 
I hope we don't get anymore gift cards for this place. I think the food has gone downhill.笑
I like the restaurant and service at the Boca Park in Summerlin. Servers are professional and friendly. Food is excellent and you get top notch service.笑
I dine here periodically after shopping at Caesars. Checked in with the receptionist, waited about 5 minutes before she took us back to a booth. The bred was freshly baked, straight out of the oven.. Still warm. The atmosphere is dimly lit and welcoming. The server was friendly and quick to fill up water. Our order came or fast and tasted fresh. I ordered the seared ahi tuna salad and it was soooo good!笑
Der absolute Wahnsinn! Über die Cheesecakes brauche ich glaub ich nichts schreiben, sind die besten der Welt, sehr schöne Auswahl! Kosten ca. 5-8$ pro Stück, sind aber ordentlich von der Größe her.

Sonst haben die super Steaks (auch hanger Steak für 20$) die Qualität des Essens ist sehr gut. Die Salate kann ich auch wärmstens weiter empfehlen. Uns hat es hier sehr gut gefallen ist eins unser lieblings Restaurants in Vegas!笑
Went in for a late night snack w/ the sisters.  We were seated right away.  Our server was very nice and helpful.  One thing I really appreciated was our glasses were filled the entire time we were there.  Highly recommended and will be back whenever I'm around笑
I think this location is one of their finest! 
My wife and I went to dinner in the Christmas eve when we were in Vegas. The service was truly great. The atmosphere was fabulous. 

I liked their interior design ... It looked little bit different from many Cheesecake Factory's locations. We ordered: 

Caesar Salad: Good ... I have to say not like the ones in LA, but was good really. 

Fried Shrimp platter: Mediocre in my opinion. I was expecting something much better than what it came that night to me! 

Chicken Cajun: Much better than the Shrimp's, but also less than the expectations. 

In all with the service and the design, it deserve 4 stars without hesitation.笑
Good food and the cheesecake is why you come here.  A little noisy but doable.  Service is good and wines are good as well.  Nice specialty drinks as, alcohol and non-alcohol.  Fun Atmosphere as you are in the forum shops. Had the flatbread and grandson had chicken strips.  Large menu selection.笑
My go to dish would be the shrimp scampi with angel hair. You can never go wrong with that dish. My date went with the combination of the salmon dish with steak perfect for if you can't decide and want both. Proportion at and it comes with mashed potatoes. It stayed busy from when we walked in and even became busier when we were leaving.笑
We were lucky to have a 10-min wait time, there's  so many people it can be intimidating...

Four Cheese Pasta is so delicious, I've never drooled over such a simple dish. Our waitress was nice and we didn't get mad about waiting to be served since she was trying her best to navigate to other tables. I have no complaints, everything was great. The only downside I can mention is the wait time and occupancy number. It's -very- crowded.笑
The perfect place to stop for a snack and a drink while shopping.  We always splitt some appetizers. The staff is friendly.  No complaints, for a chain restaurant.  It's a nice change from the super-inflated prices on the strip.
The mushroom flatbread is my new favorite.笑
This location offers a great atmosphere to dine in. Their food selection is great and the ingredients are always fresh. The staff is very friendly and you can tell they are under great management, as the operation runs very smoothly.笑
The restaurant appeared to be extremely crowded from the outside, but we were seated immediately. The restaurant turned out to be quite spacious inside! Service was decent and friendly. The dimmed lighting and private booths created a nice, cozy atmosphere which made our experience highly enjoyable. 

We were presented with toasty garlic bread which we all loved. I tried quite a few entrees. I thought the pasta da vinci, garlic noodles, and chopped salsbury steak were all unimpressive, but the fettuccine Alfredo and Kobe beef burger were both very delicious! The fettuccine's creamy Parmesan sauce was very good, and the burger was a great value at just $12.99. Yum!

For dessert we shared the Godiva chocolate brownie sundae and the glazed strawberry cheesecake. Creamy and dreamy, both were very good!

This restaurant offers quality food and lovely ambiance at a very affordable price. Quite an ideal venue for a romantic date or special dinner with family or friends! 

My only gripe was that the silverware was extremely dirty! I could literally wipe white film from my spoon and pick cookie crumbs from my fork... However, our server was nice enough to bring us new utensils AND wipe them down at our table for us, ha.笑
The Old Fashioned Hamburger was nice and juicy. The Original Cheesecake was delicious as always. Service was fast and attentive. Will come back again if in need of a cheesecake fix.笑
I hate CF because my wife (and most women) hype it. Drives me nuts. The reality is, most things vie had there are very good. 

While on our anniversary trip we ate there twice in one day - not by choice. 

The appetizer with the corn cakes - very good!

We also had some salmon wraps on a bed of cabbage. It was very good!

The next meal (same day) I ordered the spicy chicken stuffed tortillas - or something like that. It was very good also. My wife got salads both times and loved each of them.笑
I went here because I was craving drinks and appetizers and the cheesecake factory is always freshly made and doesn't suck. I was let down, the bread at this location was dry and tasted like it had been sitting out which is very unlike the locations in California I am used to. the rest of the food was alright, bit I feel like we either got an off night or this location is not quite up to par.笑
All I can say is these guys make the BEST low carb cheesecake ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I visited the Cheesecake Factory (for desserts only) on my trip to Vegas during Halloween and my girlfriend told me they had a sugar free cheesecake, which peeked my interest.  So, I ended up buying two and was hooked.  I've had several others, but none compare to the Cheesecake Factory.  This stuff is to die for, lol...  I've already been back several times in my own home town.  I'm sure the regular cheesecake is just as good if not better, but for anyone on a low carb diet or diabetic, their cheesecake is out of this world!!!!笑
Cheesecake is always a good standby.  huge selection, good food and cocktails - everyone can find something here.  i love the thai lettuce wraps - app is big enough for a meal!笑
Very good service here. Our server was Matthew and he was very attentive. He even swapped out my margarita for the lemon drop martini at no charge when I told him I thought the margarita had a funny aftertaste. The hubs and I were celebrating my birthday and the staff all sang "Happy Birthday" and made me feel special. We both enjoyed our lunch very much. Try the 'Evelyn's Favorite' pasta - it's vegetarian and extremely tasty.笑
Been to many Cheesecake Factories before but not as impressed with this one. More than likely due to the poor seats we had.(avoid the tables next to the entrance. People who have been sweating in the Las Vegas heat all day line up and sit on the rail next to your face while you eat....). Food was as expected...too much but good. It was very hot and humid outside of the restaurant, next time I will ask to be seated inside. Our waiter very good and friendly. Really liked the Avocado Spring Rolls.笑
This Cheesecake Factory is always crazy busy and the noise level is over the top. I had the salmon which was excellent and my girlfriend had the chicken taco wraps which she loved and her hubby had the pulled pork sandwich which he said was good but my poor hubby had the macaroni and cheese hamburger which was not very good. The burger was so dry and the macaroni was not even edible! So disappointed!! We shared two pieces of cheesecake to go and the tab was like $100. Yikes!! Not worth it for not edible hamburger.笑
Had the combo pizza, it was super yummy and cooked just right! Save room for cheesecake. Hubby and I shared the Snickers cheesecake and it was fluffy and not TOO sweet.笑
I was here last night to have a dinner with my friends as they were craving pasta. We were quoted a 15 minute wait, which was pretty accurate. After a short wait, we were taken to a nice booth seat, and our server came right away. We ordered some cocktails and th buffalo chicken as appetizers. Their cocktails are pretty big for their price and they tasted very good- we ordered blood orange margarita, blood orange mojito and pina colada. With our cocktails, the server brought us some warm breads with butter, which were good as well. 

The buffalo chicken was a deep fried dish of buffalo marinaded chicken chunks. However, there wasn't enough cheese or chicken inside the fried skin, so we had to end up just digging for the chicken to not get full from the fried part. As soon as we were done with our appetizers, our pastas were served. The portions were enourmous, like how cheesecake serves all their foods. 

Along with two bowtie pastas that my friends ordered which seemed fine, my shrimp scampi failed. The angel hair was dry when serves, there was no sauce, and it seemed like it was waiting for the kitchen line for awhile to be served. The shrimp was not sauteed as mentioned on their description but it was deep fried-and remember their appetizer was heavily fried as well. There was just not enough sauce for the whole dish to feel moist. The shrimps were so heavy that it did not go well with the angel hair. Also, their garlics were not sliced at all; but served in chunks. 

Their service was good, but if I were to go back again, I would stay with the skinny side of their menu, since they do not deep fry every ingredient.笑
The food was great, the service was excellent, the place was clean, and i really enjoyed the fresh ambiance.
The only problem was they didn't  pre bus my table.笑
I got the Asian style lettuce wrap, and I felt it was well prepared. When I didn't like was the lack of customer service. The fact that I had to wave down a bus person twice just to get his attention. Then it seemed to take him another long period of time just to bring the glass of water I asked for him to refill. This was after spending my whole meal without water because it was not refilled....
I only complain about this because I worked as a bus person and I base my standards on the service I would provide. Overall rating would be: food - satisfactory customer service - unsatisfactory.笑
We had lunch twice during my vacation in Vegas and both experiences were excellent! The staff was very friendly and attentive.  We were a group of 9 and we were still taken care of almost immediately. This location is inside the Venetian Hotel feeling like you are in Italy! We were also lucky enough to enjoy a show right before sitting down for lunch! If you are in the area I recommend for you to stop by and enjoy lunch or dinner!笑
Food was amazing other than the customer service not being so good @ first......... The cheese cake is 8.95 per slice I think that's kind of high. But it is what it is笑
I always have a good time here.
Our service was amazing, she accomodated our requests for something gluten free, and went out of her way to talk to the chef.
The food is delish, the portions too big (don't eat all of it, you'll fatten up).
Great location at the Forum Shops.
I know in Vegas, I should have done a fancier foodie place, but needed food fast.笑
Came here for dinner 7-24-16 started around 4 pm. They were very busy, wait time was short like 5 minutes. Even though they were very busy the restaurant was very clean, nice clean floors. We were seated downstairs, started off with piña coladas, I got the everything pizza and my husband got chicken with asparagus and mashed potatoes. The drinks were delicious and the food was fresh, hot and delicious. Our server was Phillip E. He was very nice, always had our drinks full, just made our experience very enjoyable. We were so pleased we just had to let the manager know what a great experience we had.
Next trip to Las Vegas we will definitely come back.笑
Arguably the best breakfast option on property. Had a minor issue at the start that was quickly resolved by Tiffany the manager on duty and our server Jessica Cherry who was brilliant and highly alert. 

She provided us with great service and is a model of how an awesome server does their job. Ask for her and you can count on a great experience... And leave a big tip!!笑
We ate here on a Friday night and the wait wasn't bad when we got there, but when we left the lines were really long. This is the typical Cheesecake Factory...the food was just okay, but the cheesecake was yummy!! I had the grilled cheese sandwich and my DH had the bacon cheeseburger, both of which weren't anything special. For an appetizer we had the chicken taquitos which were kind of icky - really slimy inside. We had the lemon raspberry cheesecake which was really good! So it was all really just okay...nothing special and kind of pricey!笑
Had to tip my chef Mr. Robles for cooking my delicious meal because without the cooks this restaurant would not survive. Most definitely a great place to have dinner and enjoy the nice atmosphere. Spent about $86.00 on a meal for two with dessert and boy was the pumpkin pecan cheesecake also yummy.笑
Located in the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace, The Cheesecake Factory is always a safe bet for a good meal at a good price! I like to sit in the patio section that extends out into The Forum Shops. It's great for people watching and has a view of a big, beautiful aquarium with lots of exotic fish swimming around. You also get to see(mostly hear) "The Fall of Atlantis" fountain show on the hour, every hour from the patio. This location gets very busy, so give your name to the hostess and be prepared for a wait!笑
Yum! Never been to a Cheesecake Factory and didn't like it. We had the kale quinoa salad super bomb, chicken carbonara amazing and the fish and chips. Everything was cooked perfectly and tasty.笑
The cheesecake factory was delicious. I expected it to be really expensive but it was one of the least expensive meals we had in Vegas. The only downfall for me was that you couldn't reserve a table and had to queue and stand around waiting for one.

I had the bacon bacon cheeseburger followed by a raspberry and white chocolate cheesecake. I could barely move after. The food was amazing. Don't make plans that you have to rush off to after! You'll be way too full up lol. Very tasty food here. You have to visit!笑
This is by far one of the worst cheesecake experiences I've ever had. We went out to celebrate an early Mother's Day dinner and ended up being a total waste of time. Horrible customer service for one! The host was rude and had this angry look on her face, expressing how much she hates the world and the people in front of her. We were seated quickly. Guess that was the highlight of the night. The server comes up and greeted us, ask if we would like some starters or a beverage. Took the order and came back 15 mins later, placed 2 of the 4 drinks on the table. Never gave us any straws... another strike in the books... came back 5 minutes after that to give us the other two drinks. We ordered food, ended up waiting 45+ mins for a fettuccine alfredo, 4 cheese pasta, a chicken quesadilla and a cheese burger. Keeping in mind that the restaurant wasn't even really that busy.. (Lame...) my mother in law then noticed a piece of stretch wrap melted in her pasta!!!!! The chicken in the pasta had no seasoning on it at all. My 4 cheese pasta looked as if it was sitting on the hot table baking for hours. We then called our server and brought it to her attention. She said sorry and sent the manager to our table. The manager apologized and said sorry, we wrap our chicken in plastic when breading the chicken to freeze it and that sometimes this issue happens. (Who says that?!!!) what kind of manager would explain to you that it just happens and sorry. He then asked if we wanna try anything else on the menu. We said no thank you and may we have the check please?. The server came back and said, I have something that will make you guys happy again!!! She then said I have dessert menus!!!! We said no thank you check please. She came back and said my manager took that one plate off your bill. The bill should have been discounted in total!!! None of us even finished our food after mom found that plastic!!! This location is really slackin.. I'm still replaying what the manager said to us in my head. (Yeah, sometimes it happens.) I work in the food industry and tonight was unacceptable!!!!! The GM needs to step it up. I used to LOVE Cheesecake Factory!! Now I feel that this night ruined it for me. The other location at the outlet mall was a bust as well. I will not be returning, nor will I be recommending anyone to go here!!!笑
This location is very convenient because it's inside the forum shops at Caesars Palace and behind the aquarium is the show depicting the Roman gods statutes. 

The food was good and the service great.笑
the food is consistent just like all the other Cheesecake Factory.  We had a late start so we had brunch.  I ordered the Mini Egg Breakfast $9 and fresh Orange Juice.  The food was good and the orange juice was full of pulp I had 2 glasses.笑
Normally when I go to cheesecake the service is slow, there's a long wait to get seated and the food is okay. Nothing that amazes me. I asked how long it would be to seat 4 people and they seated us right away. Our waitress Joey was attentive and didn't mess up our order which is something I have a problem with when it comes to other cheesecake locations. The food was better than other times. I really enjoyed it.笑
The other night my family and I went to this location to have dinner and it was the worst experience. First, there was a wait, which was fine because the place was busy. Second we got seated in a section where there was food on the floor and the server Shawn took over 20 minutes to even walk over and get our drink order. We were very upset by then because our two little girls were hungry and ready to eat. Then, once he came over he took our order for drinks and food at once, the good thing in our appetizer came out very quick which was a lifesaver. However, our food is a different story, it took SO long for it to get to us and when it did, my husband's rice was so hard and he sent it back to be replaced. After waiting for Shawn to get back to us to let him know about it he rice. The plate was brought back to much later with the same orange chicken which was cold by then with the rice replaced. As we were having our meal, finally, our drinks were not refilled and we had spent so much time there that the option of getting dessert was not even something we wanted to wait for so we got it at the cashier on our way out. Not from Shawn, he is not a very good server at all and we were extremely disappointing by our decision to dine at this location.笑
Day 3...
Since we couldn't find Stage Deli at the Forum Shops we ended up here at the Cheesecake Factory at the Forum Shops. Maybe we needed a break from those expensive restaurants.

Didn't record our exact dishes but it was good and we had an attentive server.

Big, big servings! Come really hungry!笑
When in Vegas, I absolutely have to come here!  My experience here has always been enjoyable. Cheesescake Factory has an all time favorite dish of mine... The Bang Bang-Chicken and Shrimp(AyMayZinG!!) The combination of Coconut Curry with Chicken and Shrimp over a bed of rice... delicious! I have had my share of curry dishes, but none beat this one(pretty much the only reason I come here). Oh..and the Thai Wraps get a well deserved Thumbs Up!笑
Luv this restaurant!! They give free bread basket(wheat and sour dough) the wheat is the best.. I tend to eat too much of it by the time my meal comes I'm stuff.
They have the best calamari appetizer compare to all the ones I've tried.. It comes with their garlic aioli(always ask for extra cuz it's really GOOD)
My fav. Dishes are the Pasta Da Vinci, orange chicken, jambalaya and Thai Lettuce wrap( get the one on the skinny menu) cuz it comes with 3 wrap prepare for you.. If sharing w/ someone than order the regular menu cuz it's a huge portion which I could never finish..
Luv Luv their cheesecake..hehe.. Well the name say it all rt?? Pricey but good.. I usually get the fresh strawberry, banana, tiramisu cheesecake.. They have so many different flavor it's unbelievable.. For some reason I always order the same one..guess I'm loyal..LOL笑
Best to eat here if you don't mind waiting 1:30 for your meal (when you put the entire order in when you sat down) and you want to be called a liar by Joe the manager who says the meal was "coursed out". Because we ordered drinks and an appetizer.   Like someone tell Joe he doesn't work at Spago and this shit ain't coursed out. And don't question how long we've waited when we have proof we sat down at 8:30pm and still had no food at 10pm. Screw you, Joe the Manager. I'll give you a "course"....in customer service.笑
buffet its too heavy for me sometimes in Vegas, so I come to this cheesecake factory almost every time I'm in Vegas. I love how you're sitting outside but its actually not outside. the food is amazing & service is great. I'm always willing to try new things, & the server always gives me great recommendations. Red velvet cheesecake for desert is a must for me.. the best part, I can walk around the forum shops in ceasar palace, that helps me to digest LOL ..笑
Been coming here for 2 years, as it is the unofficial hangout for afterwork grubbing. I usually sit and eat at the bar, since tables are a long wait. This location has an amazingly friendly team, so I see why it's crowded a lot. My bartenders Jeremy & Chris are THE BEST. Funny and attentive, did I mention funny. These 2 seem to work well together and seem to enjoy their job. My order has NEVER been wrong. Which seems impossible but they are just that good. Also, your greeter (he wears bowties) is a sweetheart, he remembers me every time. Great Job hiring Great People. Thank You, I am a loyal fan!! #CheesecakeFactory笑
After a 50 mins wait time we got a ridiculously small table for our group of five. The Lady who escorted us to the table was straight-forwardly arrogant forcing us to make a choice either to take the table or wait for more (ironic smile)... Amanda, our server saved the whole impression, she did great, but I'll never return here nor recommend anyone to come. This is truly a Factory - and guests are treated like products...笑
Cheese cake factory is way over rated the spinach appetizer was very bland wasn't even salted, $8.50 for a little glass of wine also had the factory burger which was nothing but ground beef and sautéed onions on a Italian club roll that tasted like old bread that was warmed up in a microwave by the time I get down to my last couple of bites I could barely bite into the bread it was so hard The french fries were not fresh either they dried up real quick, my sisters chicken club sandwich was just okay. So appetizer one factory burger/ fries one chicken club sandwich/fries one glass of wine two glasses of iced tea and one slice of  Lemon meringue pie which I might add was very very good $72 with tip included overrated and expensive.
To be fair this review does not pertain to the cheesecake factory location on Las Vegas Blvd., South, I was reviewing the cheesecake factory in Green Valley In Henderson I just could not find it in the database笑
This restaurant is so good! I love the Teriyaki Chicken and rice dinner. The only reason I give this restaurant four stars is because it is always so busy. They don't offer call ahead seating and don't do reservations, so the wait can be long. It's definitely a good place to eat though! Sit out front so you can see the statue show and aquarium!笑
The food is excellent. The taste is wonderful.  We love the chicken crusted Romano with Caesar salad. And dessert lemon cheesecake.. Good customer's service.笑
ok. so let me start off by saying i love chessecake factory but this one here in lv was the worst experience me and my fiance experience. so we walk to the receptionist and gave her our name and wait time she said 15 min. thats perfect no problem. then within 3 min theirs another couple white couple extra friendly with eachother she gave them 5 min wait time like really are you serious . now in the next 3 min they were called in and i notice that so i got up as soon as that happend so i took it so offensive and more of a racist thing that happend . so im not white so i dont get better service wtf is that!!! i told her and she said oh i thought they were here b4 u no bitch u know damn well they wasnt stop that bull shit . so she said sorry let me take u in rn . racist . her name is jasmine african american!!!!笑
I have a Cheesecake Factory at home and I'm not all that crazy about it, but it's a sight to be seen for visitors.  The one great thing about CF is that it's consistent wherever you go.  I had the fish tacos which were just a bit too much food for me and I didn't know that they came slathered in some sort of sour cream or sauce which made them a bit less enjoyable.  Overall it was fine and definitely a good place to take picky eaters if that's what you're dealing with.笑
Great food,  Atmosphere very quiet , even though located in the Forum Shops. Service was great! Had very cool server named Tracey笑
I like the Cheesecake Factory and am impressed that this one does not have the exorbitant prices that I expected for a hotel restaurant in Caesar's.  The food, service, ambiance and prices were all A-OK.  Thus - 3 stars..笑
Busy location but the surroundings are interesting enough to keep you busy while you wait for a table. Aquarium in the Caesar's Forum shopping centre is a good place to sit.

The wait for lunch was only 10 minutes and the service was friendly and quite helpful, with advice offered on customizing our orders - the advice turned out to be well worth it.  Our meals were served in a timely manner and they were delicious.  A very good Cheesecake Factory location that is worth visiting just for the surroundings. The standard Cheesecake Factory decor really blends well with the Roman setting of Caesar's Palace.

I know its a chain, but it is a good one with a great variety of tasty meals that allows you to satisfy everyone in your party with individual choices.笑
Absolutely the worst service we have ever had. We always used to look forward to going here while in Vegas but will never go again. 
When we went we were seated straight away even though the entire top section of the restaurant was closed which was unusual for this location. 
After asking for the enchiladas with "no sliced up peppers or onions on top but sauces would be totally fine" we received a plate with plain white rice, 3 flour tortillas and some plain unseasoned chicken breast. No tomatillo sauce or salsa at all. When we sent it back the restaurant manager came back 20 min later, mumbled something under his breath and slammed down the same meal, cold with some tomatillo sauce thrown on top. 
Probably the worst restaurant experience I've ever had. Disgraceful.笑
I hesitate to give any place 5 stars, so I just went with 4 for now.  But that could change if things improve from last time I went.  I had gone twice previously and hadn't been overly impressed.  It seemed a little overpriced and the food just seemed to be slightly above average.  But we went this past weekend with some family and it was AMAZING.  I tried something that I normally would never get, which was the Cajun Jumbalaya Pasta, and it was incredible.  For an appetizer my wife and I shared the Avocado Egg Rolls, and they too were very good.  To drink I had a Typhoon Punch, which was really tasty.  My wife got the 4 cheese pasta, and she loved it.

My only regret was I didn't save room for dessert.  Next time I will!

Overall I'm not sure it's entirely worth what we paid (final total came out to $65, which was for 2 pasta orders, 1 appetizer, and my alcoholic drink), but I think we paid a little bit more than most Cheesecake Factory locations due to its location inside Caesar's Palace.  BUT, we will definitely be going again in the future.笑
I spend a lot of time in AZ,  Vegas,  & SD. Starting to write my reviews.  This place was by far the best in service.   Food great but for the calories it better be. Well worth it. Our server Tanya was awesome.笑
I walked in with my daughter and this waiter Chris made sure that I will get the right order the way I want it. He carefully asked for my preference and made awsome effort to achieve what Ive wanted. Very attentive and pleasing service. Unfortunately, we had to change server because of the sitting issue, then Phil was the one that replaced Chris and he provided me the same excellent customer service. I was very happy as Iam not a local I like to have pleasant moment during my vacation and one of them is dining with great experience at restaurants that I like. 

I give 5 star to these men who provided excellent customer service to their customers and willing to make efforts all the time!!!笑
Cheesecake Factory is a mandatory stop when in the USA, every place I travel and they have a CF I am there, the menu is huge, consistent, and satisfying. A Family pleaser! I always try new things but some favs include Steak Diane, Tuna Tartare, Chicken Madeira,.I try to save room for desert but never works, I have to get a slice of cheesecake to go,.cheesecake factory always hits the right spot, the portions are big, the prices are great, a must if you haven't tried before.笑
We had great service, and the food was good.  Much better than the one in San Francisco.  The food arived very quickly, the only bad thing was the noise level from some of the other patrons was loud.笑
John was amazing. New menu items were on point. Hands down one of the best guest experiences I've ever had. Give john allison a raise. We felt like family. Thx John, hope to see you soon.笑
This restaurant ruined my daughters reception dinner! We called ahead and were assured by management they would accommodate the party of 20 on Friday August 7th. Knowing this is a busy place during this time we wanted to be sure there wouldn't be a two hour wait. We get there and of course it was OVER 2 hours late and to make matters THE WORST they wouldn't seat us all together. We had to split the party in 3 different areas. I wasn't able to sit and enjoy dinner with my daughter on one of the biggest days of my life. The icing on the cake? There were 2 empty tables in her section that were never used. When my daughter inquiried to mgt he said the party for those tables never showed. REALLY?! Management ended up comping her ticket,  however I was made to pay for the overpriced food at my table with 5 of her guests, where I sat and cried and couldn't even eat. My heart is still broken that I will never recapture that special time with my only child. I hope corporate notices this review so others in our situation aren't promised something they can't fulfill.笑
Já virou tradição nas viagens, vale a pena, preço bom, comida reconfortante, e aquele clima de estar de férias nos eua, prantos grandes dá para dividir é pedir uma das ótimas entradas笑
Der köstlichste und gleichzeitig wohl gehaltvollste Käsekuchen in  so scheint es mir -mindestens 100 Varianten, den ich jemals gekostet habe! Leider gibt es die Cheesecake Factory nur in den Staaten.
Jaaaaa, hierfür irre ich durch die extrem unübersichtlich langen Wege der Shopping Mall des Cesars Palace!!
Endlich angekommen, warten wir, bis wir platziert werden. Da es hier wie immer ziemlich voll ist.
Für ca. 7 Dollar erhalte ich ein meist sehr hoch aufgetürmtes, sehr geschmacksintensives (je nach Sorte: schokoladig, nussig, fruchtig) Stück großartigen Käsekuchen. Als ob das noch nicht reichte, gesellt sich auf den Teller bzw. in die Box zum Mitnehmen noch ein Sahnehäubchen.
Bisher habe ich meinen Kuchen nicht geschafft, allein im Schokokringel obendrauf ist wahrscheinlich schon eine ganze Tafel Schokolade verschwunden.
Nebenbei bemerkt, die Cheesecake Factory bietet nicht nur Kuchen und Torten an, sondern auch eine horrende Auswahl verschiedenster Speisen (Pasta, Fisch, Meeresfrüchte, Fleisch, Salate, Sandwiches, Omelettes, Eiscreme, Desserts, heiße und kalte sowie alkoholische Getränke. Das alles habe ich aber leider nicht probieren können, weil ich das Dessert eben schon als Starter hatte :-)笑
Wow. I was so excited to visit the Cheesecake Factory in Vegas but never again. I've eaten at Cheesecake Factory so many times in California because it is one of my favorite restaurants for the quality and taste of food, consistency, and service. 

I always order a BBQ chicken salad every time I visit the Cheesecake Factory. The one I had in Vegas ruined this dish for me.  The salad was not fresh. The cucumbers were all soggy. Not only that, I found 4-5 lettuce head ends in my salad?! I've never experienced this, EVER!!!! Upon calling my server and showing him this, asking him if this is normal he stated " a few can get in there but not this many" he just asked if I was done with my salad, cleared the napkin I had with the lettuce heads and proceeded to bring my check. Exceptional service... buddy. Oh and thanks not checking up on us once during our entire dinner.....So disappointed!!!!笑
Great place to eat, we had a party of 7, and had a 40 minute wait for a table. It was worth it, a bit on the noisy end but the food was excellent and so was the service!笑
Came here for a quick bite to eat before a show.  We got seated fairly quickly as there wasnt much of a wait.  The menu has changed a lot since I've last eaten at this chain.  I went for a chicken dish which was breaded chicken with pasta topped with tomato sauce.  It was pretty tasty but as usual the portion was huge!  The fettuccine alfredo was also pretty good as well.  The service here was good and polite!笑
Great food, cheesecake, and great cocktails. A little pricy, but otherwise had a great experience with my fiance. The aquarium right outside the restaurant was fun too!笑
Stopped by the Forum Shops to do some shopping and grab dinner at The Cheesecake Factory. Jeff was our server and he did not disappoint. He was very kind, friendly and helpful. Jeff was the definition of great customer service. Thanks Cheesecake Factory!笑
We have brunch at Cheesecake Factory every Sunday after Church unless we are out of town.   So while staying at Caesars Palace for a few days we tried not to eat at Cheesecake Factory but ended up going there twice.   Unlike Starbucks their menu prices were the same as home and the food was great, especially after  spending lots of money elsewhere and you were not too satisfied.

We love their warm wheat bread.  Service is always great.   Some of our favorite food here are Asian lettuce taco, fish and chips, grilled steak medallions, lemon ricotta pancakes, and fried zucchini sticks.笑
Best cheesecake I ever had! The waiter is very kind and we took his recommendation of banana cream cheesecake. 

Also really like the pre-dinner bread. It's black bread coated with oat and honey, warm, and served with butter. Sooooo good!

Shrimp pasta is good. But not as impressive as the above two. Otherwise I would give five stars. Shrimps are big and fresh, properly cooked, but besides shrimp, there's only tomato and red pepper in the pasta. It'll taste better if more veggies like onion, broccoli, mushroom etc could be added.笑
Although the wait was pretty long, (hour and a half for 6) my family enjoys dining here whenever we're in Vegas. Food seems to taste better here than the one in California. Service was good and my medallions were a perfect medium rare :)笑
Au fond du centre commercial du Ceasars Palace, il y a Cheesecake Factory, caché par une grande fontaine. Pour y arriver, il en faut du courage, il y a pas mal de marche et la tentation de s'arrêter en route est de plus en plus forte avec les autres restaurants de ce centre. Mais la marche vaut le coup, les plats sont servis généreusement, le service est sympa, on blague aussi avec nous avec quelques anecdotes sympa et les conseils sont avisés.
L'addition est un peu élevée, mais reste dans le même ordre que dans d'autres restaurants du centre.
PS : Rien à voir avec le Cheesecake Factory de la série Big Bang Therory ;) Les uniformes et l'ambiance n'est pas la même. D'ailleurs, je rajouterai que la musique y est un peu trop fort笑
Watch out locals they always treat the locals poorly here which is too bad because it's a great close place to take visiting family and friends....we just waited 25min. for a 5 top and sat on the first floor with 22 open tables ready and set at 5:30pm?!  Every time I come to this location it's always something I think they are just used to tourists not complaining or having any feedback because they have no choice.笑
A friend and I decided to have dinner here for our last night in Vegas and thank God we did because it was excellent from start to finish! We waited no more than 5 minutes to be seated, now there was only two of us but still it was nice not having to wait that long. Once we got our seats our waiter  came over and right away suggested some drinks since we were looking at the adult beverages (of course, hello we're in Vegas!) he told us the new blood orange margarita was great so we both went with that. SO good!!! I wish I would've gotten my waiters name because he was awesome! I ordered the combo of the steak Diana with salmon and it was delicious. The salmon didn't have the least bit of that fishy taste that most salmon has, the steak was perfect and the mashed potatoes were great too! Of course we got cheesecake as well, I got the s'mores and my friend got red velvet. One great thing after another with this place! I will say that when you're going to a Cheesecake Factory make sure you at least have an idea of what you'd like to eat because they have a huge selection on their menu so I don't think you wanna take the time and read each item with description on there.笑
I just finished dining there, and due to the long wait chose to sit at the bar. I just wanted to tell all that I thought the bartender was fantastic, I was there just to zone out, and not be bothered, and he did both. Very friendly, engaging with all the customers, but left me and kept making sure that my drinks were filled until I was ready to leave. Then once I was ready, checked me out got me on my way. Even took enough time to notice my name when I paid (with my credit card), and thanked me for coming in my name. Of course I didn't have catch his but great bartender!笑
These folks are starting to look as if they are worn out!  One too many smiles, one too many frowns, one too many birthday guests....One too many!  

That was my initial impression on  Tuesday evening at this location.  The hostess was kind but wasn't overly anxious to seat us.  No eagerness to see how our day had been going or how they may accommodate us past how many in our party...(felt like we were caught up in some mechanism we couldn't break out of once the service started up!)  

First the water attendant to ask if we cared for water....Then the waiter to hit us up for our booze fix question, then the bread person (alternate bus-boy), to bring us our serving of yeasty fix-ins....Followed by the timed "Do you know what you may want for dinner?...Might I start you off with an appetizer?"  from our waiter again....It all felt so routine an impersonal.  No eye contact, no "how is your day going?", No smile!  We did get---"Shall I give you a few more minutes?" and without us answering, our waiter was able to read our minds and turned and walked away to another table because we had wavered a slight bit in our timing to respond!-----SO IMPERSONAL!  So Ho-Humm!  If I had stabbed myself with a fork, they probably would have asked if I would like another fork?

How's about we talk about the food!  Good for I had the Hungarian Goulash, and my friend had the CAJUN JAMBALAYA PASTA.  Both were done right and served in a timely fashion.  And my friend's Birthday!?---Not even a mention of a birthday cupcake or anything (Quite disappointing that they offered nothing when most other places offer at least a scoop of ice creme!)...they didn't even offer though I had told them.

My over-all assessment here is ---- they need to get a clue that being at the Caesars Palace Colonnade Mall, The Cheesecake Factory is like an ambassador to the world, and they came close to getting a failing grade here tonight!笑
I have been to this location everytime I'm in Vegas. Always great food and service. The lines can be crazy on the weekends though! One of the cheapest places to eat Vegas IMHO. The portions are so big you can share. If you sit on the patio you'll have a front row seat to the show above the aquarium. 

Some of my favorite appetizers are the Roadside Sliders, Southern Fried Chicken Sliders and the Firecracker Salmon. 

My favorite specialties are the Ranch House Burger, Steak Diane and the Grilled Shrimp & Bacon Club. 

My favorite cheesecake is the Dulce De Leche Caramel Cheesecake. It is absolutely amazing!  

My favorite drinks are the Tropical Smoothie and the Frozen Iced Mango.

They didn't offer a kid's menu in the past but now do. It's for kids 10 and under and includes a drink (choice of a soft drink, milk, apple juice or lemonade) 

This is what is offered:

Roadside Sliders 
Fried Chicken Sliders 
Mini Corn Dogs 
Pasta with butter & Parmesan cheese 
with Marinara sauce 
with meat sauce 
with Alfredo sauce  
Kids Quesadilla 
with chicken  
Mac & Cheese 
Chicken Strips w/ fries 
Cheese or Pepperoni Pizza  
Grilled Cheese with fries 
Grilled Chicken Breast with potatoes and a vegetable  

Desserts are: 
Ice Cream  
Mini Hot Fudge Sundae  
Kid's Strawberries

Insider Tip: They also offer a complementary baby plate that consists of bananas, oranges and bread.笑
I have been to many cheesecake factories but this one was very disappointing. The way the hostess keeps track of customers and the random order of being seated was rude. The only thing I liked was their new skinnylicious menu and our waiter. Recommend skipping this location.笑
If you have been to one of their franchises you know what to expect. The service was good, the salads big and tasty, dessert was very nice.笑
Jack of all trades, master of none.  I have to commend The Cheesecake Factory for offering up meals that will appeal to anyone, but aren't really outstanding.  I had a vegetarian pasta that, while very tasty, made me feel like it expanded to about twice its' normal size in my belly about a half hour later.  Not a good feeling . . .

The avocado egg rolls were very welcome to two Californians on vacation but needing their avocado fix, but they were a little salty.

So, if you're in a diverse group that's hard to please, it might be worth the stop, or if you want a meal with a cheesecake dessert, then obviously this is a great choice, but for true culinary satisfaction, keep on' truckin . . .笑
We went here for a birthday dinner and it was pretty good. The food was good ( I had a Navajo sandwich which was on indian fry bread...yum!) but the kicker was our waitress. She was awesome. She was so nice and made sure we had everything we needed but wasn't obnoxious and coming to our table every 5 seconds. She was the perfect waitress. And, because we told her late that it was my brother's birthday, he got a free piece of cheesecake instead of the usual sundae. Yea Heidi!笑
We came here for a late dinner. The reason this is not a 5 start review is because the food is not fantastic.  We had Jeremy and Jose as our waiters at the bar. They were awesome guys. We spoke about Hawaii worth Jose. The stuffed mushrooms have breadcrumbs in it is we had to return that. I hate wasting food. We also just shared the luau salad.  It was decent. But the service made up for the food. Thanks guys.笑
Same menu, service, etc. as any other Cheesecake Factory throughout the nation.  The only difference is that it's right next to that show that goes on in the Forum Shops with the fire and mechanically animated statues.  It was loud, hot, and annoying.  It freaked me out and we couldn't carry on a conversation for the 15 minutes that it was on.  My suggestion, if you eat here, is to sit inside to avoid the distraction of this show near the restaurant.笑
Sheena was our server today and was really sweet!  She made our experience here such a wonderful one.  We will surely come back to this Cheesecake Factory when we are in town.  The chocolate turtle cheesecake was the bomb!!!笑
Ordered two iced teas, took over 15 min and just decided to leave because apparently they are hard to make. Sad service for being inside caesars palace. Waiter didn't know the prices of drinks either. Tried to say mojitos were 15 bucks each but he "wasn't sure". Whatever, won't come back.笑
Excelent service. Meat loaf was okay. Cheesecakes were great. Fine Arnold Palmer.It was a goofs spot to rest and get a bite after a long walk笑
my husband is a picky eater and he loved his meal, chicken and biscuits or something like that... although the server did not allow him to get a beer becaus he didn't have i.d. although he is clearly over 30, and the restaurant was pretty noisy based on the servers/bussers clanging dishes/silverware very loud while cleaning tables, but the food was pretty good and the service was prompt.笑
Probably my best dining experience in my young life.  I got the cajun pasta and it was sooooooooo amazing.  The service was awesome and the decor made me feel like I was living the life.  No better way to eat after a Day party in the burning hot sun.  The one downfall is how far of a walk it was but I got over that quickly once I tasted my food.  The cheesecake with macadamia I ordered was nothing less than delicious!笑
This place was really nice! The drinks were really strong and the food was delicious. The waitress was sweet and she was really attentive. She made sure our drinks said full amd we never had to ask for much. I will come here every time I'm in Las Vegas. I was seated within 15 minutes and I was delighted.笑
*3.5/5*

This is located at the end of Caesar's Forum Shops, right next to Nike/behind the fountain with the light show.

I came as part of a group of 5 on a Sunday afternoon, wait time for a table was only about 10 minutes.

They seemed to be understaffed as wait times once seated were long, and a couple errors were made (olives forgotten on pizza, request for no whip cream forgotten, etc). 

I ate the avocado egg rolls app - these are made fresh at the restaurant. The egg rolls were crispy on the outside and the tamarind sauce paired well with it - tasty mix of sweet/tangy. 

For dessert, I had the Cookie Dough cheesecake - super dense and delicious.  

A couple friends shared Chris' Outrageous Cheesecake which was tasty but a bit too much going on for me (brownie, cake, coconut, chocolate chips, cheesecake).笑
This is a must see if you're a Canadian. Every time we're in the States, we make it our mission to find a Cheesecake Factory. 

The menu is huge and everything I've ever tried is delicious. The portions are also huge and the price is extremely reasonable. Make sure to take a doggy bag because you MUST save room for dessert! Their cheesecake is heavenly! We had the Vanilla Bean Cheesecake and I've never tasted something so delicious in my life. 

The service is also always great here as well and they give you bread before your meal. 

What more could you want in a restaurant. My only criticism is that they don't have any locations in Canada. I beg you Cheesecake Factory, please come to Canada!笑
Very nice place especially at Caesar's Palace. This was my first time trying dining at a Cheesecake Factory. The menu selection was huge.笑
Stopped by for lunch here after an afternoon of shopping around the Forum Shops. Though it was a Sunday afternoon they weren't ridiculously packed. We were seated quickly and were greeted by a very friendly wait staff. Our waitress was super nice and attentive. She was quick to bring by anything we asked for and was very helpful with helping us decide what we wanted to order. I wish they had a restroom on the first floor, but unfortunately you have to take the elevator all the way up to the second floor if you happen to be seated on the first and need to go. Other than that, the food and service is fantastic!笑
If you've ever been to a Cheesecake Factory, you know what to expect. If you don't, then this is for you.

You can generally expect to have a good wait time to get into a seat because the food is awesome. Do not mistake this wait time for poor service because it's generally anything besides lacking. 

At this one in particular, you can be seated on one of three floors or even out in the forum shops where you can watch the fish tanks and the robotic Atlantis show. It's in the middle of all the forum shop stores at a dead end, so you really have to want to get there to find it. It's worth every second. I stayed in Vegas for a week for a convention, ate here 5 times then, and still didn't have the same thing.

They'll start by bringing you a little bread, and all of it is worth trying out and making sure that they've got more coming for you.

The drinks that they'll offer are pretty varied, from general bar items to very specialty drinks, but sometimes the beer selection is lacking oddly enough.

Appetizers are delicious and as you can expect to find throughout the entire menu, it's all over the place. You can get a dozen kinds of pizza or chicken or a delicious pasta for that matter. 

The main event though is of course.....the cheesecakes. I try to order a different one each time that I've gone in, but I've been to different locations dozens of times, and I haven't eaten the same one twice yet. 

Enjoy!笑
Our family of three visited on a Monday evening around 6:30 and had about a 40 minute wait outside in the mall, then another 5 minute wait inside once called, but after we were seated all went well.  Very nice booth, great food and drink, generous portions, reasonable prices.  Service was pretty good overall considering the crowded conditions.  We were pleased with our dining choice, no disappointments.  Recommended.笑
The Cheesecake Factory!

It was my first time at the Cheesecake Factory and I was SO looking forward to having a heavenly slice of cheesecake. 
Of course I was there for lunch so I had to order and actual meal before getting to dessert. The portions they give you here are MASSIVE! 
Food quality was great, it was yummy and price point was good too.

We had a hard time figuring out what we wanted as the menu features so many different options. 

I ordered a slice of cheesecake to go and ate it in my hotel room. nomnomnom.笑
Just plain good.  I stopped in at Ceasars Palace location in the Forum for a quick lunch.  I am addicted to the Iced Mint Green Tea, and usually start with the Tuna Tartare.  For a non-sushi restaurant, it is not surprising to get a bad order of tuna that has been sitting around just a bit too long, but Cheesecake Factory has never let me down.

Today I deviated from my usual Garlic Shrimp Pasta, and tried the Enchiladas.  3 nicely done tortillas filled with chicken, and smothered in melted cheese, with a side of beans and cilantro rice.  Great fuel for the long walking distances in Vegas!笑
Went on a late datenight and waitress gave me ore attitude than a hungry 5 year old. I understand that she might have had a long day but honey you are in customer service if you are not up for it take time off not give attitude to people who pay for your paycheck. Food was amazing as always笑
The food was great, and you can hear the show happening over the aquarium near by. The waiter seemed to have quite a few tables, but still did a good job of checking on our table of 7. Everyone was happy with their food, and unhappy with their desserts. Too sweet overall. Oh well. 
My only problem was that they overcharged my card, though I'm hoping it's fixed soon. Overall I recommend this location.  The shepherds pie and crab cake bites were tasty.笑
Very nice service, beautiful atmosphere, and great food. 

- Orange Chicken (lunch portion)
- Chicken Madeira
- Cuban Sandwhich笑
Terrible service at check in. We were told to wait 45mins and as of writing of this review it is 70 minutes and we just got seated.笑
On a recent staycation to Caesars Palace, we had every intention on trying a nice restaurant, but we were feeling lazy and just wanted something easy and quick to eat. 

They were packed for a Sunday, but we were seated quickly. My chicken and avocado club was standard, not a huge fan of the fries, but they were decent. My fella got the catfish, which seemed like an odd choice and he didn't care for it and ended up eating half of my sandwich instead. We also took a pineapple upside down cheesecake, which was really good and had lots of nice big chunks of pineapple in it.

The food was standard and service was as well. Good spot to go when you're inside the Forum Shoppes that won't break the bank.笑
Ok now they start me with bread, which the crust was very hard to the bite on the other hand I ordered the chicken gumbo, which is my personal favorite and it was always to my liking.笑
We went there on our last day in Vegas, it is located inside Cesar palace, we sat outside, the atmosphere was loud but it was ok, I ordered the chicken Madeira, it was ok nothing special, my wife ordered the Jamaican black pepper shrimp, the rice was so sticky, we didn't like it.
Overall, I would go again but I might sit inside this time, it is kind of romantic atmosphere not like outside.笑
We stumbled across the Cheesecake Factory amongst the general madness of the Caesar Forum shops and were very quickly seated as the rest of the line were larger groups than our two. The server was really friendly helpful and gave good tips on what to see and do in Las Vegas.

I'm impressed that there were so many choices on the menu, it must be a logistical nightmare to maintain. I ordered pasta and meat sauce which was huge but as I was starving the whole lot was polished off quickly. Sadly this left no room for dessert.笑
Probably the best value resto @ Caesar's lol without breaking an arm and a leg.  Sure it's not dirt cheap, nor should it be for such a higher-end casual chain, but at least you're not paying $50 per entree @ Gordon Ramsay, but I digress.

The usual pricing and big portions.

Located at the way back from the Forum Shops, and liked what they did with their patio; it's massive enough to soak in all the eye candy that Vegas has to offer at this time of year.  Don't know possibly how one review said it's quiet in here.笑
Went here on National Cheesecake day and had a good meal. My calamari wasn't chewy, it was perfect! But it did come with some strange dipping sauces...The green tea I had was awesome, and my dining partner for the evening enjoyed their meal as well. The cheesecake was a little too sweet for my taste, but it was only 1.50, so I had no right to even complain. 

I then came back to this same restaurant on Friday and only had a Mojito and a little bit of salad and some of the jambalaya pasta dish. All where extremely yummy, and the wait staff wasted no time clearing off our table after we got up. I lost my Fat Tuesday cup here [sheds a tear]. But hey, at least they're keen and quick on the cleaning. I can't remember the courtesy of the wait staff but I'm sure they were nice, otherwise I would have noticed it. Oh! And the restrooms were upstairs, I wasn't much of a fan of that, stairs and being tipsy don't mix, take the elevator!笑
The Cuban sandwich was truly a treat. I don't know how they did it but a a masterpiece笑
Excelente localização e decoração maravilhosa, como nos demais. Cardápio muito diversificado e refinado. O Cheesecake então, nem se fale.
Recomendo笑
Maybe you should fucking update this and let us know how long you're fucking closed for because no one fucking answers and the hotel operator doesn't fucking know and I waste my fucking time driving here after work and walking there to find out it's closed笑
I'm usually used to having good service and eating good food the cheesecake factory. But this was a whole other experience. We walked up to the front desk and no one greeted us for five minutes when they were standing right there. There were five people standing there and they were just talking the among themselves. After we got greeted they said it be a 15 minute wait so we waited 15 minutes and we sat down. We ordered avocado portobello and zucchini sticks they were so salty it wasn't even funny. So then our food came and my son had ordered a cheeseburger medium that was raw. My wife had ordered potstickers that were also very salty. We even got a cheese pizza that was salty. But my sons chicken nuggets were bland. Unless you're craving salty foods don't come here.笑
Whenever in Vegas , I always have to visit the Cheesecake Factory . 
Although I am not usually a fan of chain restaurants especially when on vacation , I find The Cheesecake Factory to always satisfy my hunger. 
The restaurant is way at the end of the Forum Shops in Caesars Palace right behind the Atlantis show which if seated on "the patio" gives you a great sight of the people shopping . 
Food is very good.
Prices are decent.
Service is good . 
I ordered : 
The fried calamari (12.95) 
Spaghetti w/ meatballs (15.95)
Steak w/ mashed potatoes & vegetables (19.95) 
Soft Drink 
Total : $59.00 
Tip : $6.00 ( although the service was friendly I'm not a generous tipper) 
I will continue to visit this and other locations .笑
Being a chain restaurant I would say this place is definitely consistent with other locations I've been to.  Large menu with tons of variety you are sure to find something that will suit your fancy. Some would say a bit overpriced, but portions are sized to match in my opinion.  My family loves the "brown bread" and we have found that the servers will gladly bring you a basket with just the bread of your liking.

What I liked about this location was the waiting process. When you approach the host stand if there is going to be a wait they hand you a card and tell you to come back after X minutes from the time written on the card (which is the time you first check in). This gives you time to wander and shop.  In my experience, upon your return they are able to seat you pretty much immediately. If a table comes up before the noted wait time then they will call out your name, but if you happen to not hear or you are in another shop no worry.笑
Our waiter was great. The food was mostly good, the turkey in my sandwich was extremely dry, but the salad and our avocado rolls were wonderful.笑
The lettuce for my burger was brown and had a slimey consistencey. The water cups had food in them upon arrival. This was by far the most disappointing meal I have ever had. $15 for a hamburger should get you quality food. Save your money and go elsewhere.笑
Located in the Forum Shops area of Ceasers- it was a great place for lunch after a day of walking.  The outside dining is in the mall area.  The decor seemed like a "mall version" of this eatery...seemed a bit cramped.  They do have seating on the 2nd floor so it is larger than it seems.  The food is consistatly good, the service at this Cheesecake Factory was exceptionlal.  Prices seem better than other places on the strip- if you are hungry & want food you can count on at a fair price this is a good choice.  The Lousiana Shrimp I ordered was good but needed more zip in my opinion...but I like spice.  The Vietnamese Tacos were a tasty little start to out meal. The Sheila's chicken Salad was very yummy too!   We skipped the cheesecake....after all this eatery is now located all over the place.  I do love their cheesecake- but one cannot have dessert at every meal & stay in shape.笑
My first time eating at "the cheesecake factory", at our surprise we where greeted professionally by the host. Server quickly made sure our wait time didn't surpass 5 mins. We asked for recommendations on a three course meal.. Tex Mex Egg rolls.. Miso salmon.. Hibachi steak.. White chocolate caramel macadamia nut cheese cake.. Quality, Presentation and Tasteful made the best of it.. We also had a little mix with rice preference but the server quickly made a correction.. That's what you call quality service..笑
We were given a gift card for the Cheesecake Factory as a wedding gift & figured, well hell, let's use it for a meal while we are in Vegas on our honeymoon. Las Vegas is an expensive city so I won't say no to a little bit of help to buy some food!

First of all, let me start out by telling you about our waitress. Her name is Alicia & let me just say that this girl really knows her stuff. She knows the menu well & is very informative. She went above & beyond in her customer service. Her amazing job is enough to make me consider going back the next time I am in town & for me to give their location a 5 star Yelp rating.

Their portion sizes are incredible. I ordered the fish taco's, which easily could have fed two people. My husband & I both left with to-go boxes. The food was delicious & the drinks were great.  I was a little angry with myself because I ate too much of my dinner & could not order cheesecake! I should have taken some to go. The presentations of the desserts are lovely!笑
Cool place to eat! Usually when i'm at caesars palace i always stop by here for dinner with friends! Prices are reasonable which i like and bartenders are friendly. Sometimes there is a LONG wait so get there early on a friday or saturday night笑
Love this place. Ate here twice in a 12 day vacation in Vegas. Have previously eaten multiple times at the one in Orlando and they're both of same great standard.

Food is reasonably priced, delicious and generous sized portions. In previous orders I've had the mushroom burger, Kobe burger, bbq chicken pizza and some sort of pasta and each dish was delicious. I've never had a bad meal here. 
The service was fantastic too!
I've tried the vanilla bean cheesecake twice, the carrot cake (not cheesecake) twice and the red velvet cheesecake once.
The red velvet was the least favourite of mine but the carrot cake is probably THE best carrot cake I've ever tried anywhere and the vanilla bean cheesecake flavours are to die for, delicious! 
The location in Vegas has two floors so plenty of space to get seated even if it is busy. 
Wether in Vegas or Orlando the Cheesecake Factory is my go to restaurant when I have a sweet craving!笑
cheesecake factory sucks.  first off, get with the program, i'm a forum employee and you guys don't offer mall discounts.  2nd, why my to go order for SOUP took 39 minutes to get to me from the time i called is beyond my explanation, i know you guys didn't make this fresh i know it was sitting in a big vat with maybe just the garnishing put on right before it went out so why the delay?  3rd, why the fuck did my soup come in a coffee cup?  how in the fuck am i supposed to eat this without it getting everywhere?  and not even an apology from the incompetent to go clerk....like it's not abnormal for soup to take 39 minutes to get to a customer.  you guys are lucky i work in the same place and know how much it sucks to get aimlessly bitched at, so i wasn't gonna do that, but you guys suck.  fail in every aspect possible.  never again.  never.  only max brenner and fat tuesday's from now on.  rest assured, my whole staff feels the same way.  only reason we deal with you still is because your soup is only 5 bucks even with your non existent mall employee discount, but unfortunately now it takes 39 minutes to make it on our hour lunches.  never again...笑
Had lunch and had the philly cheese steak. The menu is huge and you will have plenty of good food to choose from.笑
The farfelle chicken with roasted garlic was so good. I want to go back already!
Cheesecake factory's food and service is so much better than the grand luxe cafe!笑
I am giving ZERO stars (but it forces me to give 1) because I ordered a chicken caesar salad and it was almost $18.00 and had a shit-ton of lettuce but barely any chicken.  This was a to go item so clearly why don't you mess with the girl that won't open it up until she get back to work.  Thanks for the 6 pieces of croutons that you dumped in there and the crusty old bread that you gave me with it....totally worth the $18.00.  I'm glad you put so much friggin lettuce in there.  This salad should cost a MAX of $8!!  Get that straight!i笑
Usually not a fan of franchise food, but I ordered the Chicken Caesar Salad with the dressing on the side and it rocked.   The salad must've weighed like 2-3 pounds.  I know defeats the purpose of ordering a salad, but you know what...F U.  I was hungry...haha.  Plus our waitress was super cool as she was originally from Chicago and NYC, and shared city stories,. ..not too crowded and decent prices.笑
The chicken samosas were bomb. The bread is dangerous because it's so good. Great place for drinks and hanging out with friends.笑
We ordered a pasta to go for my niece. It was seriously so delicious. We got the tomato basil pasta. We got to watch the statue show while waiting for our order, so that was fun. (: They were also kind enough to give us some extra utensils and another take out container so we could share. 

It came with bread and butter, but the bread was hardened, so not enjoyable.笑
Lunch was Cheesecake ! my first experience of real american cheesecake, and worth the effort walking down the strip ..and back again to work the calories off !笑
This was great it's inside the Cesar's palace shopping area and is usually packed but they are very organized and were able accommodate gluten free requests!笑
The Cheesecake Factory is a safe chain restaurant to go to for affordable yet ample portioned meals. We came here on a Thursday night. Our server Loni was excellent. She was quite attentive to us.

However, the bread she initially brought us was burned and really hard. Then, more bread came but it was cold. The better Cheesecake Factory restaurants normally toast the bread on the spot so that when the customer eats it, it is warm and soft, not cold and burned.

I ordered from the special menu (the separate insert) where they have the chef's specialty items for that particular restaurant. I ordered the salmon with spinach and angel hair pasta. The salmon was excellent. However, their sauce was extremely creamy and oily. It was very overwhelming. If the sauce was replaced with let's say marinara sauce, it would have been perfect. So, I ended up eating all the spinach and salmon only and left the sauce and angel hair pasta alone.笑
Always enjoy Cheesecake Factory. 

This location is tucked in a corner of Caesars palace forum of shops. 

Great extensive menu, portions, lively ambience and great pricing. Love lunch menu portions which are still too large but great value. 

Service always top notch and friendly.

Desserts are what makes this place too. Any cheesecake is delicious. 

Definitely worth the stop.笑
I had the Renee's special and the chicken salad was absolutely amazing. Our waitress was on the ball, she kept our beverages full and made sure everything was good. Great French onion soup and the price was very reasonable. Left there with a full stomach!笑
The best experience I have ever had at Cheesecake Factory. After Carmines down the hall completely dropped the ball and lost 5 regulars, Cheesecake Factory completely saved our night out. The food was better than it normally is. It's always delicious but tonight our normal favorite dishes were absolutely flawless. The staff was top notch too! Especially the manager on duty who fixed a minor table issue, and our waitress who felt like a friend hosting a party. Unfortunately I did not get their names.
This location has always been a consistently good option, but after tonight, it's become one of our top dining choices on the strip.笑
Love the cheesecakes but not so much the food. Since I can't eat a whole lot of sweets I mainly order the Thai Lettuce Wraps, it's probably the best thing on the menu besides the dessert. 

You would think Thai Lettuce Wraps is hard to mess up on, but sadly they burnt my chicken. It was a total disappointment for me! As for the pastas they are A-O-K; the Cajun jambalaya is probably the best one. Made to perfection! Most of the other pastas seem to be dry (lack of sauce). 

Best part of all DESSERT! I love the red velvet cheesecake, so if you haven't tried it yet I would definitely try it. 

As for service, not the best, the server forgot a lot of things and would disappear out of no where when I needed him. Not only did he forget to get my drink but he messed up on other peoples order.笑
Although my boyfriend and I eat at Cheesecake factory often, eating at this location was definitely an out of ordinary experience.Things that went wrong with our meal: first the bread was cold, then one of the dishes went cold while waiting for the other dish to be ready, and finally, I bit into half a toothpick that was accidentally left inside my chicken breast. 

Yet despite the many mishaps that happened during our meal, our waiter and the manager provided the best service possible and were very apologetic. They redid both our dishes wonderfully and served as a new basket of bread. We even ended up getting the entire meal for free since the manager felt so bad for all the things that went wrong. 4 stars for the second batch of food and service! We will definitely be coming back during our next trip. :)笑
Great choices, reasonably priced for the Strip. Food came out fast despite the packed house. We had a great waiter too!   I wanted to order "the Leonard" but it wasn't a menu option.笑
Always really busy so we waited about 15 minutes. Food was good, service was good, pineapple Mojito was really good. The only drawback is the noise level. It's SO LOUD. You can't even have a conversation without raising your voice.笑
First time ever at a Cheesecake Factory. We loved it. The menu is intimidating due to sheer volume of choices but we ordered three different dishes and all were very good. Will go back to Cheesecake Factory. P.S. We even had leftovers.笑
I literally just created a Yelp account to share my thoughts about this restaurant and our waitress Julia. She was SUCH a sweetheart! We were able to sit outside in the "patio" part and the wait wasn't even long considering it is in the forum shops, and it was a busy Sunday afternoon. The service was great, Julia went above and beyond to make sure my friend and I had everything we needed. It's not often that you find servers who genuinely care about their customers so this really meant a lot to me and made my Vegas experience that much better. I will definitely return to this Cheesecake Factory during my next visit (Hopefully my new friend Julia will be here again)!笑
I'm always buy at least once a week from Cheesecake Factory and David the manger at this location was very rude almost look like he have a problem with Foreigners was disrespectful and very condescending didn't even try to help after they did a mistake with my order if that the service Cheesecake Factory the starting to bring I can see them losing a lot of customers and a lot of complaints to the BBB it look like this guy is trying to get this place to get a bad name!!!!!!!笑
Cheesecake factory always comes to the rescue. The Las Vegas location held to a higher standard when it comes to service and beautiful scenery.  The food is always Louis is in a wide variety of items to choose from. I had  the dynamite shrimp and tater tot's. Yummy. Wifey had the clam chowder and salmon salad with shrimp. Apparently this is the best salad she has ever had. Great customer service and never let down.笑
I absolutely never in a million years thought that I would give a Cheesecake Factory 5 stars.  I was in Vegas for the marathon and my friends and I needed to find a place to eat the morning of our race.  I didn't want to do a buffet and I also wanted something very plain and simple due to the fact that 4 hours later I'd be running 26 miles.  

We stumbled up Cheesecake Factory and I honestly had low expectations, but I was extremely wrong! Times have changed and while the pasts is not vegan and like pretty much no entree is veganizable - I had a great meal! our server was amazing - she pretty much just created a vegan feast (plain and simple though) out of sides, appetizers and salad. 

I had a great meal and a great experience - but um hello potion sizes there are huge!笑
When in Rome do as the Roman's do. A popular thing to do in this Roman themed mall is to visit the Cheesecake Factory. At the Forum Shops, all roads lead to the Cheesecake Factory located where the main corridor concludes at the Journey to Atlantis Show. 

   It seems that the time I initially started visiting this Cheesecake Factory is older than the statues and columns that border this Roman themed mall. In a sense this is partially true considering that my visits go back long ago prior to the Forum Shops expansion when Virgin Records was the cool place to visit during the George W. Bush administration. Today, at the end of the Obama administration, the food and dining experience here is just as good as when George W. Bush was in office. 

   This Cheesecake Factory is usually busy. There is quite a difference waiting here than an uninteresting  place such as the DMV. Here, patrons wait in an area with the sounds and sights of Rome. Where else can you wait for dinner while watching statues above a 50,000 gallon aquarium come to life to battle it out in the "Fall of Atlantis"? Waiting gets even better with the signature cheesecake displays at the other side of the hostess. Waiting would be even better if there was no waiting. The Cheesecake Factory has yet to offer the texting or beeper system.

    The Cheesecake Factory is a spacious and attractive restaurant that includes tables overlooking the "Fall of Atlantis" show. The tables deep inside the restaurant are envoloped in an elegant interior. On the majority of my visits including the latest, we sat deep in the restaurant. 

   The Cheesecake menu is to restaurants what the nearby 50,000 gallon aquarium is to aquariums: Giantic! As soon as I saw eggplant parmesan with pesto pasta, on this visit I instantaneously bypassed around 250 other choices. Eggplant parmesan is one of my favorite dishes. I was so :-) to see it on the menu. With that said, in the past I have enjoyed commendable sandwiches including the eggplant parmesan sandwich, burgers, and a BLT. The eggplant parmesan with pesto pasta is reasonably priced at $14.95. Unlike some restaurants on the Las Vegas Strip, this is not a tourist trap. With the entree, I ordered bottomless Coke. Ahead of the dinner, the attentive waiter served us bread with butter.

  The eggplant parmesan was delicious with a capital D. The Cheesecake Factory style of serving eggplant parmesan is separate round pieces bordering pesto pasta. Every bite of the eggplant parmesan covered with mozzarella cheese, fontina cheese, and marina cheese made me feel like a Roman emperor. Likewise I relished the taste of the pesto pasta. This is the first time that a restaurant served eggplant parmesan with pesto pasta. Cheesecake Factory had broke the tradition of serving eggplant parmesan with pasta under marinara sauce. Regardless, I truly enjoyed it. The dinner was so enjoyable that time went fast, and before you knew it we were leaving Rome for the Las Vegas Strip. It's just a shame that I never leave enough room for the cheesecake.

   I have been a fan of this Cheesecake Factory going back years prior to holding a smartphone when Virgin Records was the attraction. This dining environment inside a faux Ancient Rome overlooking a 50,000 gallon aquarium where statues come to life to battle it out in the "Fall of Atlantis" show is exclusive. The generous menu offers several choices from the cheeseburger to eggplant parmesan. The prices are reasonable. And the service has always been solid. In conclusion, Julius Caesar would be proud of the Forum Shops Cheesecake Factory.笑
The worse Cheesecake factory among the rest.
This Las Vegas branch at the Forum is rock bottom lousy.

It seem the management and kitchen team failed to know how to run business when it got busy!!
Foods came in badly done!! 
The team and management were incompetent to run a busy business during busy lunch hour!!

I saw many guests were complaining about their order because the servers were removing their foods and bringing a new orders.

The unfriendly manager was fed up that he had to visit all these "complain tables"笑
I have been to many Cheesecake Factories all over the country and this particular location seems to always hit the mark in the food department. I usually order either steak with mash potatoes or a pasta and they always come out good!

The only two things that I have a gripe about are the wait times and that annoying creepy dragon that comes out of the aquarium every 20 min and shoots out flames. They really need to remove that because it's ear piercingly loud and gets annoying after the first time you hear it.笑
Amazing hospitality from the entire staff. From the hosts to the bussers everyone made our experience wonderful. Even the manager stopped by to check on us. Can't say enough nice things about this place. Save room for cheesecake!笑
I'm giving this place a star because we were just a party of 2 who wanted & tried moving to a booth for two when a waitress came up to us & said  to sit where they assigned us & we couldn't sit at the unoccupied booth without permission. I was like okay I was about to ask the host. The host said it was fine & guess who was our waitress for the booth? The same rude waitress who told us we couldn't sit there meaning that it was most likely a part of her section. In my experience as a waitress, if my guests wanted to move to another table in my section they would be more then welcome to & not scolded. The worst part of our experience was we ordered our food and didn't get it until about an hour later. After the wait, you would think the food would be prepared well but both of our pasta dishes were dry. We had our waitress bring it back & the manager Aaron brought it to us & apologized. This occurred after the screw up which took up to an hour plus of our time. After arriving at 10pm & not getting our food till 11:10pm we were tired & just wanted to leave because we literally were one of the last tables before close. Our food was packed with no silverware as well. It's sad because it was our first night in town & we were hoping to be about but this cancelled our plans. Because of this experience, we won't be back at this location.笑
Cheese cake factory...The food portion here in Vegas is great.

Hostess, waiter and waitress are friendly.

I over heard my waitress... We have bigger portion for the tourist. Good job.

:(  my little brother took care of the bill ahead of time... 

This is a Chinese thing... We pay ahead of our relatives or leave our card with our host to avoid the battle who will pay the bill.

We spent $125 and little did we know that during the course of the dinner we were served a dish with curly hair... CURLY ones...

As soon as we saw the curly hair, we brought it to our host... The manager came and to make it right he gave us a free slice of cake. 

This is VEGAS!笑
The food is great as always but the manager was rude and not understanding. They said its a half hour wait to eat on the patio and hour wait to eat inside, we waited the hour to eat inside and they placed us at a table in the doorway-half of us sitting inside and half outside. Very awkward seating and the manager told us we either take this table or leave. We had waited so long we stayed to eat but it was awkward the entire time, being bumped by waiters coming in and out笑
There was line, but it moved fast!!  The the server was very attentive and the good and drinks were quick and delicious!!  We went on a Friday night and in Vegas normally takes forever at almost any restaurant, but not here!! Great service totally!!笑
As loyal customer, I have always seek out Cheesecake Factory as I travel. This evening I ordered Jamaican black Pepper Chicken and Shrimp. It took an hour for food to come and when it came the chicken was burn badly. The manager, David, barely apologized and told me if "I want anything to eat for dinner let him know". It is 5:30 pm this is my dinner . I guess that was a nice way for him to say tough love but I will do anything for you.笑
Hubby and I got a CF gift card for Christmas and made a date night out of it. This is, I believe, one of the two cf in Las Vegas. This one was located inside of the Forum Shops at Caesers. Outside of the restaurant was very crowded due to customers going in and out and the little fire show that goes on right outside of the restaurant. I'm glad we asked for seats deeper inside because we ended up getting a 2 person booth which was way more quite and had more of a private feel to it. 

The service we received here was excellent. Everything we asked for got there in no time by one of the waiters even if we had asked another one of them. We were impressed. The food was good too. I have some chicken pesto pasta dish and my husband got the fish tacos. We both liked our food and the Adios Long Island drinks were strong and awesome. 

We really had a good time at this place but were just too full by the end to try any of their cheesecake desserts - which means we will have to go back for another visit.笑
Really enjoyed lunch at this location. The food was quick and service professional. Fried Mac N Cheese was delicious.  Cole slaw and fish and chips not bad either.  Wish I had room for desert. Still left with left overs. Portion sizes too big. I like to sample a bit of everything.笑
This restaurant was the savior during our trip to Vegas. The food is outstanding (lots of it) and reasonably priced as are the drinks. There's something for everyone - all the other restaurants in and around the Strip are designed to rip you off and they serve mediocre food but not the Cheesecake Factory. Well done and thank you!笑
My wife and I had lunch the other day at Cheesecake factory and let me tell you, the food and service was absolutely amazing. My wife had the Four Cheese Pasta, which was delicious. I know this, because it looked so good I had to try some. I had the Pasta Da Vinci which also was very tasty. Are waitress Melissa was very helpful with the menu. She also recommended that we try there fabulous cheesecake, which we did. We had the Pina Colada Cheesecake, yummy. We will definitely come back. And we will ask for Melissa again. Thanks Cheesecake Factory for a amazing dinner and a great experience.笑
I don't think there's any crime in eating at this chain restaurant while vacationing in Las Vegas.... It's good food, huge menu and affordable! The server was attentive and atmosphere was upbeat... And yes the cheesecake is a must even if you just get it to go... Do it.  We will be back!笑
This review is for the oreo cookie milkshake and key lime cheesecake very good....Nom Nom Nom笑
We ate here while visiting Las Vegas. It was amazing. I had the chicken enchiladas, came with rice and beans, much much better than most Mexican restaurants! My husband had the salmon dinner, came with mashed potatoes and broccoli, he said he felt it was the same as fine dining salmon! Excellent!笑
This location is pretty much the same as all other Cheesecake Factory locations, except that you have to walk past a bunch of glitz, high-end stores.  Hard not to stop and shop on the way to the restaurant!  It's also right in front of a Caesar Palace amenity - an aquarium and a talking statue show.  Great way to occupy your time while you wait for your table, without spending any more money.笑
Stopped here while at Caesars Palace in Las Vegas.  The service is very slow at this location and burger was delivered undercooked after giving specific instructions to my server for well done preparation. I hope more staff will be hired and trained to become better communicators so future patrons will not have a poor experience.笑
Cheesecake es de mis restaurantes favoritos pero la última vez que fui , la pizza la prepararon diferente y estaba muy mala a comparación de la ultima vez que fui a cenar y ordene exactamente lo mismo , y en el mismo restaurante笑
Literally just walked out of the Cheesecake Factory at Caesars Palace & it was yum!
 
They stayed open a little later than normal just because of the amount of people still eating.

We had the onions rings & crab wontons. Also the skinnylicious chicken tacos & salmon & skampi combo.

The Chris cheesecake was delicious but very sickly sweet. 2 of use couldn't finish it. 

Great meals & great friendly service.

Ps: No wonder Sheldon eats here ! :)