A cute little authentic korean restaurant that seems to blend just the right amount of flavors to every dish.笑
i went just to try the jajanmyeon but i ended up ordering the combo with the spicy salmon maki. the reviews on here said the jajanmyeon was served in a small small dish so i ordered a yam tempura just in case. the size ended up being perfect!! because the sauce is so rich and creamy (and probably really unhealthy) you dont need a whole plate of it to satisfy you. trust me, the people who are saying its too small, they are exaggerating. the only cons of this place was the sushi took a little long to come so i got full by the end and i believe they only accept cash, i didnt want to ask if they accepted debit because the man clearly did not speak much english. overall really great spot!! id definitely go back笑
saw a rat here........
in the dining area no less!

when i told the server she said, "oh really?"
and that was it. And she asked for tip after...

would never go here again笑
We came to Toronto for. Business and pleasure.  After eating lots of blend food we decided to give a korean food a try. After reading some reviews we decided on the Roll House since it had 4 star ratings and reviews seemed pretty good. 

I really don't know who wrote those very good reviews but this place isn't good. I would say it's fair and below average korean food.   I ordered spicy rice cake called ddukboki.   They need to add little more sugar and garlic but it was so so.   Their black bean noodle called jajangmyun combo with sweet and sour pork was ok. I was taken back because the jajangmyun was so small.   They also put in on such a small dish that I couldn't mix it.  I don't think it would take much to give little more and put it on a bigger dish. Their sweet and sour pork was better than average. My husband ordered cold noodle nangmyun and it wasn't good so don't bother to order that one. He would normally order the,spicy seafood noodle but it was too hot outside so he opted for the cold noodle instead. 

Overall this isn't the place you would want to try as ur first choice for korean food in Toronto.   I wish I had a better review from others. I really doubt those who gave rave reviews.  I ate this,food while I was super hungry so it doesn't take much to please me at that time and I give a 2 and half stars.笑
A solid 3.5/5!  Roll House is like no Korean resto I've ever been to.  Very unique menu...everything that came out looked so effing delicious!  The servers barely speak English, so even when pointing at a menu item, there may be confusion!  Best to bring your Korean friends to this place (hi Susan C...or Karl R!).

I had the black bean noodle with a spicy salmon roll.  It was (I think) $9 or $10.  The spicy salmon roll was weak - not really fresh, plus they don't use sushi rice (no vinegar), so it tasted not so great.  ADVICE: don't order their rolls.  

The black bean noodles were very good, coating fresh ramen-like noodles with a thick goo of black bean mixed with onions (and maybe) some meat.  Don't quote me on the meat part.  The noodles tasted like they were made fresh, and I would be surprised if this was not the case.

I had some of the seafood soup too, which was yum.  Pretty spicy too.

PS - be sure to check out the men's washroom.  If you're 5'8 and taller, watch your head.笑
I ordered the tteokbokki (spicy rice with jap chae), pork bone soup and vegetarian udon noodles. 

The waitress was friendly enough but super awkward although I don't expect much from Asian mom and pop shops like this. 

I asked for hot water never got it. I asked for lemon and was told they don't have it.

We ordered the pork bone soup in Korean and the waitress misheard our order for something that sounded similar to pork bone soup in Korean. Waitress went to the owner and, within ear shot, told her that we ordered the wrong thing. Owner comes barging to our table with the wrong order asking us that if we wanted pork bone soup why did we order something else? My friend replied politely in Korean that we did not in fact order it and said we even pointed to the picture on the wall saying we wanted this dish. She grumbles, yells at the waitress and storms off. At this point we have already waited 40 mins for our main. The staff were talking about us in Korean speculating whether we were Korean or not and arguing about what they think we ordered or should have ordered. Awkward!

I'm not even going to bother finishing my review on this. It's been a bad experience so far as I sit and type this live. I haven't even eaten my main yet. 

I feel terrible as I love to support small mom and pop shops but blaming us, aggressive attitude and poor service falls short of any service based business. 

Won't be coming back.笑
Love the food and service, and the prices are reasonable. Probably my fav Korean restaurant in town!笑
This place fills the gap of Korean-style Chinese food in the Bloor/Christie Koreatown ever since "Taste of Magic" and "Corean Chilli" closed. I only ever order two things here:

1) Kanpungi + noodle combo - you get a big plate of kanpungi, which is battered deep-fried chicken in a sweet and spicy sauce. The plate is easily enough to feed two people. You also get a bowl of jja jang myun, which is noodles topped with a black bean meat sauce. 
2) Crispy rice soup - seafood in a somewhat thick clear broth that you break pieces of crispy rice cakes into. The rice cakes crackle as they hit the soup and get soft and absorb the flavor.

This place is great value for money - ordering the above two items is enough to make two people pretty full, and it'll run you $20 total before tip.

I'd also try the Tangsuyuk (sweet and sour pork) and the Jampong (spicy seafood noodles) being other staples of Korean-style Chinese food, and I'd avoid the rolls as other reviewers mentioned.笑
I had a really excellent experience here. The service was stellar as multiple people checked in on us to make sure our food was ok, if we needed more kimchi, drinks, and so on.

The dolsot bibimbap was one of the best I've had in the city and really tasty.  They also have a really cool button that you can press whenever you need service. More restaurants need this button!笑
I hate leaving little stars to mom and pop shops.  Walked in at 9:30pm and saw nobody inside.  Looked as if a party of 4 left right before us since there was an uncleared table with bunch of empty dishes.  Owners seems to be hard working Korean husband and wife that speak very little English.  I saw a cook in the back kitchen, he didn't appear to be Korean though.

I couldn't find on Yelp where I can get jja jang myun on Bloor street.  So we literally did a drive by and my Korean friend saw their sign that said Jja Jang Myun Jib.  Which literally means Jja Jang Myun House.  Which has nothing to do with Roll, but alas, we made it.

I was going to order a bowl of jja jang myun when I saw they had a combo section where you can get a small bowl of jja jang myun along with a meat or sushi dish.  My friend opted for the tang soo yook (fried pork in sweet sour sauce) and I went for the kkam poong gi (fried chicken in sweet spicy sauce).  

The gentleman was very nice and courteous and asked us if we needed anything else as he brought out our food.  I asked for one more dish of their vinegary seaweed side dish and he was happy to bring us another one.

I must say, the price is very cheap compared to what I pay back home.  Two of our combos only totaled about $27.  The flavors were mediocre at best but at 9:30 on a cold night, it satisfied my cravings and we both left feeling stuffed.

I'm sure there are better places on Bloor but if you're looking for cheap eats where you get more bang for your buck, try this place out.  The two TVs playing K-pop were quite a treat too!笑
tried their jajangmyun and i swear its the best i have ever tried.....ever! i ordered it with the sushi combo and oh how i wish i just ordered the noodles instead! my sister ordered a seafood noodle soup and it was fantastic as well!!!!!笑
It's been 3 years since I went here lol anyways, things are still the same except the workers' English have improved greatly. The menu looks like it got an upgrade too, more items to choose from now plus Jajang combos :D they are similar to the Jajang combos offered at Song Cook's and Sharon Garden. So I got the Jajang + Tang Soo Yuk combo. The jajangmyun still taste the best! The Tang Soo Yuk was mediocre at best unless you really, really love sweet and sour sauce, the pork itself was nice and crispy but the fact it's drowning in the sauce...was a let down. Okay let's talk about the sauce, I found it more sour than sweet probably because it was a homemade sweet and sour sauce, it had more of a pineapple taste to it which was alright.  Service was excellent. Ambience was okay too. They had the latest Music Bank episodes too! Sometimes I wonder how they get them so quickly LOL.笑
***2.5 stars***

I went here last night with my date to try out a new place in Koreantown, we stumbled across Roll House as it had a fusion of Asian cuisines that we were in the mood for.

Food

Maki Rolls - Eel & Spicy Salmon - they were ok, nothing great.  Descent about of "meat" to rice but the rice was falling apart.

Shrimp dumpling steamed - the highlight of the meal, more dim sum style.  They were devoured, I had more than my 3 piece share.  The dipping sauce was a great accompaniment.

Seafood Noodle Soup Thick - pretty good, it was a Chinese style egg drop soup broth with LOTS of noodles.  Seafood portions were ok.  It was warm and comforting.

Service

Quick and attentive.  I love the call button they have to let you know when you need anything or when you are ready to order.

Overall

In comparison to the other choices in the Koreatown, Roll House is a mediocre place to dine.  Will I be back?  Only if the other restaurants were closed in the area.笑
Ever since Song Cook's closed shop, I've been bemoaning the lack of a good place to get Koreanized Chinese food on the Bloor strip, namely the Holy Trinity dishes of jja jang myun, jjampong, and tang soo yook http://www.flickr.com/photos/38403204@N00/4904683926/ . If you've ever watched Korean soap operas, you'll see mopey girls drown their sorrows with jja jang myun (noodles smothered in thick black bean sauce) the way some chicks might curl up with a pint of Häagen-Dazs after a breakup. When I'm blue or want to induce a carb-driven coma, I seek out this bowl of greasy comfort.

Despite the name in English, new restaurant on the block Roll House specializes in the aforementioned three dishes. (The sign in Korean actually says "Jja Jang Myun House.") I would not expect this place to make good sushi or maki. You've been warned. Stick to the house specialties and you can't go wrong:

- Gan jja jang myun ($7): Noodles with black bean sauce that's been stir-fried with extra ingredients to make it more thick and tasty. I prefer this sauce to the one in the regular jja jang myun ($5) which is more soupy and bland. Don't be a cheapskate and spend the extra twoonie. It's totally worth it.

- Jjampong ($7): Noodles in a spicy brick-red broth that's crammed with onions, squid, mussels, and cloud ear mushrooms. Unlike at other restaurants, the broth doesn't just rely on esophagus-burning heat for its flavor. The soup has a long-simmered, complex and meaty character that's a bit smoky from the abundance of dried Szechuan peppers.  My one quibble is that they're skimpy with the noodle portion and the pasta could be more al dente. Oh, I guess that's two quibbles.

-Tang soo yook ($11 or 12? for a huge sharing platter): This is the Korean version of sweet and sour pork. The batter on the pork strips stays incomprehensibly crisp beneath the thick glaze of honeyed sauce that is not day-glo orange like its Chinese counterpart. Enhance the flavor with your own concoction of soy sauce and vinegar, both of which are provided at each table.[1] 

Don't expect the usual banchan (side dishes) you get at other Korean restaurants. Korean-Chinese food only comes with chopped raw onions that you dip into the black bean sauce, and bright yellow pickled daikon radish. These taste better with a drizzle of vinegar. 

Service is slow but well-meaning. Just pray that you don't get served by the young waitress with the deer-caught-in-headlights look. She's completely clueless, even when I speak to her in Korean. If you're in a rush to leave, go up and pay for your meal at the cash register or risk sitting around for an eternity. Roll House has become really popular on weekends with long waits for a table at dinnertime. This place is small and not good for groups larger than four people. 

***********************************************************************
[1] You may have to ask for little plates to do this because the servers are not really on the ball here.笑
Came here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon - it wasn't too packed as we had just beat the lunch rush. We were a party of 6 and seated relatively quickly with a bottle of ice cold water and some cups placed in front of us. I came here all the time before to have their jjajangmyun combos with my friends after a long day of shopping and needing a carb refill. 
This time, it was 6 of us so they split us into 4 people on one side and 2 on the table next to us, which was a bit awkward but we were huuungry. 

Their menu is quite extensive; sadly, this time didn't quite cut it for me (JJM + spicy salmon combo) -- the food arrived promptly but my spicy salmon roll was a bit underwhelming as the seaweed was soggy and the pieces were smaller than before. The noodles were just how I expected with black bean sauce and a small sprinkling of green peas (I stole my SO's since he doesn't like them ^^) 

The part that left a sour taste in my mouth (and more than the tang soo yuk one of us had) was when I was paying and the older gentleman at the cash rudely demanded I pay more for tip after receiving my change back and it wasn't enough to cover at least 10%...... thereby forcing my SO to pay my portion of tip via debit...while he was glaring at us. 

Yes, Asians are cheap tippers but when you're borderline hostile about the situation which was an honest mistake, customers vote to never come back with their wallets.

Their demeanour and lacklustre food is enough for me to say I won't be coming back to this place unless my friends are desperately craving JJM or one of my girlfriends begs to come here. 

+0.5 stars for showing the most updated MVs from Korea笑
Came to this Korean restaurant and wasn't too impressed with the service nor the food.  There was only 1 waitress and the owner handling the room.  Took forever for them to give you the menu and take your order.  Had to wait 15 mins to get the bill.  The food itself portion was pretty good but the quality is average.  The pork bone soup I got wasn't spicy at all which was disappointing.  We only got 3 apps and they were all very sour.  Don't think I would come here again as there are many Korean place int he area as we are in Korea town笑
Sam sun jam pong and two sushi rolls.  Soup come out timely but The sushi took quite a while although it was worth the wait.  Got 3 banchan (pickled radish slices and cubes and sweet potato).  Soup was good although not the typical jam pong that the other korean restos usually make.  Friendly service, good food, and good prices!笑
My Korean friends were kind enough to take me to their favorite Korean spot.

I tried the Jjajangmyun  dish which is noodles with soybean sauce. The sauce is served separately for you to pour all over your noodles.
I love mixing the noodles with the sauce its so satisfying and messy lol.
According to my Korean friends this is a good spot if you are looking for traditional Korean dishes.笑
This is the best Noodle house in the K-Town! They specialize in what you'd call a Korean-Chinese style cuisine.  Their signature dish is Black Bean Noodles along with other speciality dishes such as Sweet n sour pork and chicken.  I give 5 stars because not only is it delish, it's price meets value (hello equilibrium!)

Suggested dish to try:
Black bean noodles - noodles are similar to U-dong style noodle, the sauce consists of ground beef, super yummy sauce!
Tang Soo Yuk - Pork sweet and sour dish - thin battered pork covered in sweet and sour sauce (has carrots, onions, pineapples) and it's delish!
Pork and kimchi bi bim bap - If you are feeling more traditional dish, try bi-bim-bap.  It consists of steamed rice and various veggies and meats mixed in a hot pot and drizzled with sesame oil.  I find Pork and kimchi full of flavour!

I go here at least once a month, it's a great mom and pop restaurant in the Korean village!笑
I went here with a friend of mine because it was rumoured to have the best /Jjajangmyeon (noodles with the black sauce). Apparently it tastes like the stuff they have in Korea so I decided to give it a try.

Neither of us remembered the address, so we decided that we can probably look for it. Fortunately, they had banners that said  so it was fairly easy to find.

As expected from a place known for their , they had a page just for  combos. I got one with spicy salmon roll (which was spelt samon on the menu), while my friend had the sweet and spicy chicken combo, each about $10-12 each, plus tax.

The amount of  was pretty small. How small, you ask? The dish was about the size of my palm. It was good, but way smaller than I expected. For a place called Roll House, their spicy salmon roll was meh - too much Mayo and rice. There were six pieces of the roll. There was about a small plateful for the sweet and spicy chicken. It was a bit soggy (i.e. drenched in the sauce) for my taste but other than that, it tasted alright.

Considering the price this place is okay. We went there for a weekday lunch and there were barely any people, and just one man serving us. Maybe the portion would have been bigger if I just ordered one dish instead of the combo.笑
Came with a couple friends and the waiter was incredibly rude and did not understand us well and took forever to just take our order, after we accidentally gave %5 tip on the machine so we gave him more tip in cash, and it was an accident! But he yelled at us and said we had no manners and after that was EXTREMELY rude to use and gave horrible service, worst experience ever, ruined my day

**also their food was incorrectly made,I ordered the doebukki/Korean rice cake and it tasted very weird, wasn't the right taste**笑
small bowl of jjajjiangmyun was good, as was the tang su yuk, the sushi rolls were of poor quality and the rice tasted completely unseasoned.  My husband said his bibimbap was gross and barely ate any of it.  I tried it and it was pretty bad, it was covered in a sweet teriyaki type sauce and the meat was very gristley and poor quality.  It did not have the vibrant variety and textures that bibimbap should have, but instead was a mushy greasy sweet blah.笑
Oh yeah, why does new Korean foodage popping up in K-town send chills down my spine??

Roll House opened up last week and I was quick to check it out.

They have a nice little set up inside, booths have high-ish walls for more privacy when you dine. 

The menu here is pretty unique for a K-town restaurant. They have a lot of rice and noodle dishes but what I saw seemed more Chinese food looking than Korean. They had an extensive list of bibimbap options (12 kinds) and  big noodle soup list, plus some sushi rolls.

I went for the seafood noodle soup (#26, for $6.99) because I noticed a lot of other people eating it. It was freaking AMAZING...some kind of thick noodles (don't think it was udon, but similar), really spicy broth, shrimps, squid and mussels added plus lots of veggies on top. It ws served in a big-ass PHO sized bowl. Really nice presentation too (see pic) 

It came with some unusual side dishes, not the typical Korean ones. Some kind of pickled veg that was bright yellow (?), raw onion, a potato one and a small amount of some kind of black bean looking sauce. I need someone to explain these to me, but the yellow veg thing was yummy.

This place doesn't mess around with staffing - for a small restaurant, they sure had a lot of people working in the kitchen. I must have spied 10 employees and they were all busting their asses to get the food out.

Awesome place and gets my special props for being different in a neighbourhood of "same same". 

I'm only giving it 4 (instead of 5) based on one things - NO ENGLISH! Oh God...hire some english speaking employees, even half assed ones. The lady that took our order didn't have a freaking clue, so it made questioning the menu pretty much impossible.笑
their home made dumpling is so so so good! Must try!! Ever since they changed management, food quality and service has gotten so much better! Will be back very soon!!