This restaurant just opened but WOW! Their customer service is phenomenal! They were completely willing to make all of their food fresh for us. And their pricing is very very affordable. The kung pao chicken and orange chicken was DELICIOUS! I would defiantly recommend this restaurant !笑
Okay, went on my own last night and got the $4.99 grand opening special. Black pepper chicken and beef w/broccoli with fried rice and I added 3 crab rangoons for $1. The black pepper chicken was excellent...not overly breaded, and it was crispy right down to the last bite. The sauce was outstanding! The beef with broccoli was also very good, the beef was tender and the broccoli still had a nice snap to it. In fact, all the veggies in both entrees were wonderful, not overcooked at all. The crab rangoons were a bargain for the price. They stayed nice and crispy as well. They had a new lady working there, who was very nice and very enthusiastic about the food and the level of service. Don't pass this up. Everyone has to get their sea legs and their rhythm in the restaurant business and I think they are on their way to being very successful!!! Great job! These folks really care about the product they are selling and want to make sure their customers are happy.笑
Wow.  I was the only customer and still waited almost 15 minutes at the drive-up window, which was about 15 minutes too long for such a poor meal. I had the orange chicken and like Marl K., it was more breading than chicken - several pieces didn't even have any chicken at all. It was greasy, overcooked and just not good. The fried rice was dry, flavorless and had very few veggies and no egg. Yuck! I'm not much of a Panda Express fan, but I would choose them over Nihao any day. Overall, it was pretty gross, and the few bites I ate sat like a brick in my stomach. I'm only giving Nihao 1 star because 0 stars isn't an option.笑
They were playing some Kenny Loggins, but then they switched the station. No one turns off good ol Kenny. I saw Kenny back in 87 in Memphis, and that was one hell of a show. Chow mein here was dry.笑
New kid on the block close to work. Fast, tasty food at a great price with friendly service. I agree wit Mike M the Kung Pao chicken could use more spice but they do have chili oil for those who like HOT! - Super clean always and now they deliver which cold come in handy. For those on the go they have drive thru too笑
Sign outside says $4.99 for two entries. When you ask about it, they tell you that the sign is for some kind of buffet style food before 3pm. When I left I checked the she sign did not say anything about "before 3pm". So there are you standing there ready to eat some food and you just order anyway. I did not really appreciate the bait and switch scam crap. The portions were decent although the food was kind of bland. I give one star because I did not like going in for the special advertised on the window and then told it is not available. That is not the proper way to run a business.笑
Omg i love their orange chicken!  Waitress super friendly and attentive! Totally different from most Chinese,  Thai, Vietnamese restaurant you go to. I loved the seafood soup.  I'm most definitely coming back!笑
This place is closed. It's dark inside and all the signage is gone from the building except for a "for lease " sign.  Went there once. It was like a scary version of panda express. But i didn't get sick so it was a-ok i guess.笑
Tried this place tonight and frankly will not be going back. Walked in because I wanted to see the layout and what they had to offer to go on the buffet trays. Not a single person was in the place and the buffet trays were maybe 1/4 full at that...Ok ..well I ordered two to go plates..ordered Mongolian Beef and also the Kung Pao Chicken. Which are suppose to be spicy...well regular mustard is spicier than those dishes. The chow mein looked more like spaghetti than chinese noodles...the friend rice was very bland, with little to no veggies in it. Ordered two egg rolls and they were pretty bad...not enough stuffing in them, very skimpy and whatever they were rolled in was soft and mushy. The egg roll wrappers were not crispy at all.....bland taste for the eggrolls.......The two to go 2 entree meals with the 2 egg rolls were $12. Pretty cheap but to be honest, I will not be going back. If i want Chinese express will continue going to Panda express just down the road. These people really need to up their menu and do something about the flavor or they wont last long. One year would be too much.  Not a good experience at all...The lady behind the counter and the cook were nice and pleasant but the food is very very low quality.笑
I went on my lunch break and had the special 4.99 two entree special. Initially, I was impressed by their Salt and Pepper Chicken. Unfortunately, I tried the Chow Mein, Fried Rice, and Orange Chicken and was disappointed. The breading on the orange chicken was excessive. 

It feels like more of a burger spot, because of the seating and décor. I didn't feel like I was in a restaurant that serves Chinese food. I might go again to try other entrees, but no future visits planned for the near future.