Blah, I really liked boardwalk billy's in university so we decided to stop here for lunch this weekend.  The menu had very few choices.  It was either go with the seafood platter, a burger, or a wrap.  We got the wings which were ok, but when our lunch came out it was bad.  Im a fatty, and i couldnt even finish half of it.  They were out of a ton of stuff (fries, drinks, sides etc). 

Pros
They have beer

Cons
Menu was extremly limited
Overpriced for mussels etc
Food wasn't goodǾ
Hey, it's a bar. The food is good enough but nothing special. The service was good when I went. The highlight for me was the upstairs patio.Ǿ
So the traditional Boardwalk Billy's that all we "Charlotteans" know and love/hate has completely changed. I went the other evening craving bar food and low and behold *BOOM* new menu right in my face. 

Let's not question my southern dedication to BBQ and Ribs, it's pretty intense. I'd had the ribs at Boardwalk before and they were.. mediocre to say the least. Our server promised that the ribs she was pressing upon us were delicious and completely different from the old school stuff. Guess what, she didn't lie. Literally the BEST ribs I've ever had in a place I thought I'd never find them.Ǿ
The building has a nice rooftop deck, but it's all downhill from there. The seafood was fried in old, spent oil. Coconut shrimp sounded great, but were apparently a frozen product served with sickly-sweet dipping sauce. Their crab cakes tasted like an old lady's shoe, not kidding - the worst I've ever tried - and seafood is supposed to be their specialty. Vegetables were unseasoned and nearly raw. Unbelievably bad. I don't see how a restaurant can open on East Boulevard and expect to make it these days and be so slack, unless the owner is some rich redneck who doesn't care about quality. Hey, at least they have $20 drinks to waste your money on while you listen to tired old 80's rock and roll. Sad. What a weird subculture.Ǿ
The saving grace of Boardwalk Billy's is the excellent rooftop overlooking East Blvd.  It is a great spot to enjoy a beer and the outdoors.  The prices are also good.  Beyond that most everything else is OK.  The food is alright, though I'd recommend going somewhere else nearby for food and going to Boardwalk Billy's for a pre or post drink.  The service is pretty unresponsive.  Not sure if the rooftop is just hard to get to or what, but I had to wait a while for service and there wasn't much attentiveness beyond the first order.Ǿ
I recently tried Boardwalk Billy's for the first time. Decent place, a nice rooftop deck with a decent view of East Blvd. The dining room is a bit small, but nice enough. 

The food was decent, not great but not bad and the pricing was pretty good. The beer selection is a little weak but still had a couple of gems on it. Mike (formerly of Duckworths) has recently come on as the new GM, and has promised to turn the place into a Charlotte beer destination.

I look forward to seeing how this place progresses over the next several months as it seems to have alot of potential.Ǿ
Seeing this place go through restaurant/bar after restaurant/bar after restaurant/bar it's getting hard to keep track of what this place used to be!  The great thing about it is the bones of the place though - the rooftop deck, the cozy dining room inside.  The building structure is pretty sound, it's just a matter of finding a good combination of business and food to go along with it.

Boardwalk Billy's has other locations in Charlotte - so I don't see them going anywhere anytime soon.

The waitstaff was pretty friendly and we got our food out without any hitches.Ǿ
I came here after seeing one of the Back Alley Film's the other night. It was pretty busy since there was a Trivia night going on and some football game was happening on the teli. too! 
It's a sports bar and has an ok drink selection. I got the chips and gauc. Which was pretty good.
The reason for the low rating. We had to stop a server to get any attention and for as much as he tried to save us from a bad visit it was to late. I can't allow myself to give any place that thinks it is ok to serve peanuts and that has a roll of towels on the table a great review. If I feel like I am in a barn, I probably don't want to eat the other food offers. 
So, if you are looking for a drink in the Matthews area go here. Food well that is up to you.Ǿ
I like dining at Boardwalk Billy's.  It's a very casual place, and a fun place to get together with friends or bring the kids/family.  Plus, the prices are great for a night out.  

This past Saturday evening, I tried out the new BB on East Blvd in Dilworth for the first time.  We got rooftop seating, and the weather couldn't have been more perfect.  The skies were clear and the temperature was warm, yet mild.  They have large picnic tables and smaller metal tables in their rooftop seating area.  We had a party of five, so we sat at one of the newly constructed, large picnic tables.  

On every table, there's a free appetizer:  peanuts in the shell.  Mmm...  My weakness.  Our server was fantastic and very attentive, refilling drinks often, checking to see how everything was, if we needed anything, etc.  

Their menu has some pretty good selections.  They're like "bar food," but with more variety.  I went with the buffalo chicken salad with spicy sauce on the chicken.  It was just what I was in the mood for, and washed it down with a cold beer (too bad they don't have beer specials on Saturday night, though).   The kids' meals were an impressive size as well.  

This restaurant location has changed hands so many times over the years, that I hope BB is there to finally stay.Ǿ
I was a little apprehensive to start, trying to imagine the Boardwalk Billys at University fitting in on East, but they pulled it off, and I'm glad they're here.

Of course this one is a little more low-key, and a great deal smaller. The bar probably only has about 15 stools, a handful of tvs,  and three (or four) beer taps that rotate pretty consistently (last time I was in they were mostly four friends beers, but they were switching them out in the next few days), plus the service staff is great. They usually don't have someone assigned to the upstairs deck, so if you want to eat up there, check in downstairs. 

Great (and affordable) lunch specials, good daily drink specials, and the food is decent, if not better. I've seen a lot of people come in for the buckets of seafood, oysters, etc, but last time I stopped in I grabbed the mahi-mahi tacos of the lunch menu and they were pretty delish. 

Nice solid addition to the area.