Excellent gluten free options!! They have great service and I have yet to try a menu item I didn't love.笑
Lots of great menu choices.
We ordered an extra large Herbivore for 4 people. It was definitely a huge pizza. However...and this is the big one....the veggies were not at all the same as what was on the menu. It looked more like their veggie pizza. There were so many veggies I didn't like; by the time I picked through, I had very little pizza left. I'm the pickiest of the group. Just taken back a bit that it didn't really illustrate what was on the menu.
We then had another issue with something "odd" in a slice. We called to explain what happened. We brought in the "item" and were credited. They did credit us with another pizza. We're just not yet ready to try again.笑
This place let us watch the end of the Pens game after their closing hours... enough said  good Hawaiian pizza too!笑
This place is a fantastic local pizza joint. We stopped by because of the large gluten free/allergy free menu and we're not disappointed; they even had a big gluten free beer selection! The gluten free crust is delicious and the regular crust looked even better. Yes, they can put fries on your pizza (I guess it's a Pittsburgh thing). 

Overall we were very impressed by the level of customer service and the quality of the food. We highly suggest Pastoli's!笑
Pastoli's is a great place to grab a slice of pizza or some wings in Squirrel Hill - and especially if you're looking for a spot that offers items that are gluten free, vegan & dairy free, and allergy free. We ordered just from the gluten free and vegan menus, but you'll find a wide range of menu items from pizza and hoagies to wings, fries and other dinner offerings. I'll focus on our order: gluten free & vegan pizza (no gluten or dairy), gluten free wings, gluten free wedgie and two gluten free hoagies. First, I should point out that they were extremely helpful while ordering and very attentive to the specifics (gluten free, vegan, etc.). This is a very welcoming business. I didn't wait very long for the order and they got everything right - no mistakes. As for the food - very good. Very nice GF pizza crust and rolls. Wings are excellent. We'll definitely be back. I'll add that Pastoli's is easily found along Murray Ave and there's a nice area with tables if you'd like to eat in. They do take out and delivery too. If you're gluten free, this is a very cool place.笑
Pizza is always the best, wings are outstanding, I like the Cajun dry rub wings nice and spicey.  Fast friendly service...笑
I love the turkey hoagie and the pizza (plain and bbq). My husband who is not GF wants to come here every time we're in the area for the buffalo chicken hoagie. Great place!!笑
Delicious gluten free pizza! Crispy crust, flavorful meat topping. Fresh side salad. Delivered quickly. Loved it.笑
My wife and I stayed in Squirrel Hill for a week during the holidays for our first anniversary and we went to Pastoli's 3 times! Being a celiac and lactose intolerant, this place rocked my boat. I had wings for the first time in over 5 years! The gluten free pizza was so tasty. The wings were amazing. The fries were good too. Definitely will be here again the next time we are in Pitt.笑
If you're looking for a nice sit-down place for a simple dinner in Squirrel Hill, but without all the frills of full service, this is the place to go. There are a large number of other pizza places nearby, but this feels a bit nicer and healthier (may or may not be true, but I'll take my chances). The staff at the counter are very friendly, a nice change from what this place was before Pastoli's. I had the pasta dinner, which came with a good portion of spaghetti with meatballs, a pretty large piece of garlic bread, and a salad on the side. Everything was great and the overall value was very much worth it. The salad came with a good mix of leaves, peppers and olives, as well as mozzarella balls, while the garlic bread was super flavorful and fresh. The pasta came with just the right amount of sauce with two juicy meatballs. All that for just $10, and if you wanted you could've added another meatball for a buck.笑
Ordered a take-out large veggie. Good service quickly done.笑
The pizza is awesome! They also have gluten-free options, including dessert from a nearby bakery.笑
First time eating at Pastolis and I had a great experience. Their basil pesto pizza is phenomenal and their chef salad has a great mix of vegetables and fresh deli meats and cheeses. Would definitely recommend to anyone east of downtown Pittsburgh looking for outstanding pies.笑
Excellent food and prices!   The pizzas are huge and very good.  Awesome selection.  Maryann and staff are always accommodating with large orders and specific pick up times.  I am happy a friend referred them and now it's my turn to spread the word!笑
So great that there is a restaurant that cares so much about Allergies.  Food was fantastic and staff was very nice and friendly.  Great beer selection as well.笑
I stopped by here a couple of Tuesday's ago with my wife and a friend for dinner.  The inside of Pastolis almost reminded me of a coffee shop with a lounge type area to the right with a couple of coolers and then seating throughout the rest of the restaurant.  To complete that coffee shop feel there seemed to be a guitar class or something like that being led by one of the employees in that lounge area.

For dinner on this evening our party of three decided to go with an XL cheese pizza and a small pizza with grilled chicken.  The pizza came out to our table after only a short wait and looked pretty good.  This pizza like all pizzas can be broken down into its three major components: crust, sauce and cheese.  I would consider the crust here to be medium sized although more towards the thin crust than to the thick.  As such the crust had a nice crispy crunch to it while the bottom had a softer texture.  The sauce on this pizza was what shines for me as it had a nice flavor to it although I couldn't tell you what herbs they were.  Last but not least was the cheese of which there was enough of it but it didn't really stand out for me.

The bottom line for me is that I would head back here again in the future.  Pastoli's has one of the better non sweet sauces in Pittsburgh and I really enjoyed the crispy ends of the crust as well.笑
As a NY/NJ transplant to PGH who takes his pizza seriously I was always on the hunt for a great, simple pie. After recently being diagnosed lactose-intolerant that hunt was made even more complicated. Read about Pastolis and was excited to see pizza with dairy-free cheese. Walked in and split a pie with my boyfriend (also a NY/NJ transplant) and we were both instantly thrilled. Without a doubt the best crust on a pizza in PGH AND being allergen friendly makes Pastolis now my go-to for pizza. Great service, diverse set of toppings, and six packs to go! Will certainly be coming back.笑
Wonderful atmosphere, plenty of seats, fantastic service, delicious pizza, and clean! Can't wait to go back.笑
Pastoli's is AWESOME!  For gluten-free celiacs, it's a slice of heaven!!  The GF wings are so good that my non-GF son prefers them to most "regular" wings.  The hoagies are amazing...the bread tastes real!! The philly cheese steak my favorite.  The pizza is also to-die-for....crust is crispy, sauce is excellent.  Now...let's talk BEER, a fantastic GF selection including Green's (hard to find and my personal favorite -- comes in a somewhat intimidating 20oz bottle, but go for it....you can do it, trust me....) and several other great beer and cider options.  Atmosphere very friendly and neighborly.  Go there --you won't be disappointed!笑
On a hunt to find our favorite pizza place in Squirrel Hill, we ordered onion pizza fro Pastoli's. I liked the dough and sauce, not so much the cheese, it was quite bland. This is how Mineo's won the battle!笑
Pastoli's is the BEST pizza I have found in Pittsburgh and I have been searching for 2 years since I moved here and a chef myself.  This is my 7th order from them so far and 1st review I have left.  Very good distribution of toppings on their pie's everytime!  Right amount of cheese that stays on the pizza and a great all-around hand-tossed dough.  Proper amount of sauce so everything holds together.   Many say Mineo's down the street is PGH's best (as I was pointed there) but they are fools, their pizza is a sloppy mess as I have tried 3 times.  Too much sauce, poor quality mozz so a lot of grease, everything slides off your crust.  So, go with a sure bet and go to Pastoli's, you will not be disappointed.笑
Everyone is always so friendly here, the staff is great and being knowledgable on  food allergies which is SO appreciated. 

I like the casual flair of the interior, chalkboard menu, lots of food allergy friendly options as well as "regular". ASSIGNED ovens and fryers so there is no contamination. 

My go to here is the GF Hoagie, Italian. If there is one thing my allergy makes me miss it's big messy Italian hoagies. And it never disappoints. Perfect level of crisp toasted texture from the bread without the gross heaviness abs texture some gf bread can have. Great amount of meat and cheese. So awesome, it's a great try! Maybe next time I come into the city from Greensburg I'll try the ravioli !笑
Cozy environment, great pizzas and friendly staffs. They even play soccer games on tv!笑
Friendly staff, large beer selection, REALLY good food.  Started with the mozzarella cheese sticks, large size with a tasty & crunchy batter.  Had the "Meat me on Murray" pizza with pepperoni, sausage, bacon, ham & salami. If you want a meaty pizza, this is it!  Oh, and save room for the Tiramisu, excellent!笑
Hands down the best Pizza in Squirrel Hill area.  The rest are just cruising on past accolades and lets face it don't measure up in 2016.

If you haven't tried Pastoli's you need to.笑
The size of the Pizza is enormous the large is enough for maybe 10 people. I ordered a BBQ chiken and the taste was nice. I believe a bit more sauce would make it nicer. The chicken used on it was of a good quality and a lot of it which made it nice.笑
@pastoli_s @pastolis ATTN. as a fellow business representative in the city of Pittsburgh I feel it is my duty to inform you all DO NOT EVER EAT AT PASTOLIS Pastoli's Pizza, Pasta & Paisans. I ordered some breadsticks via GrubHub tonight as I was at work I left work and went to the restaurant the owner of the restaurant came to me and said do not order from GrubHub anymore it cost me money so I said OK thank you I'll take my business elsewhere as I wanted to leave after he was yelling at me he proceeded to then call me a punk and some more dirty words I would not repeat in here and was coming  straight to my face threatened me and try to fight me several times he then followed me from his restaurant another two blocks I highly recommend taking your family or any love ones or yourself to this horrible restaurant that is overpriced and run by a bunch of children.  This man Chris seems very unstable or like he was drunk or something I've never felt more unsafe at a place of business. It is not safe and I recommend calling the Better Business Bureau as I will be doing as well as any other city officials I need to be informed of this unsafe environment. For God sakes when I said I'll report you for this threatening he said lets really give them something to talk about and he started running at me to "attack" me. Insane owner. Watch out watch your family笑
Not only is the food just simply amazing. But, the staff are really friendly. They remember you and what you ordered last time. I highly recommend this place.笑
I've ordered from Pastoli's so many times that they know my office building! When we (a group of coworkers and I) ordered recently, I got the vegan chicken parm hoagi with a side of fries. They alerted me that their vegan fryer was down and asked if I still wanted the fries.  I loved that they thought to ask!  Everything I've had from them has been delicious and my non-vegan coworkers love their food as well. I think my favorite menu item that I've tried is the vegan BBQ pulled pork. Lots of sauce! The "pork" is juicy and satisfying and the toasted bun has just the right amount of crunch.笑
We got regular buffalo wings and they hit the spot. Good sized wings. 

Fries were not too salty.  Have not tried their pizza yet,笑
We ordered a couple of pies while staying in Shadyside recently for the nearby US Open at Oakmont. Delivery was prompt and the pies hot, reasonably priced and very good. Crust is typical medium, right in the sweet spot between thin and thick. Great option if you're looking for delivery.笑
Just ordered our first take out pizza from here.

Easy, friendly service. We got a 13" 8 piece pizza ($14 or so) with spinach and mushrooms.
Pizza was ready within 15 mins and ready and waiting for us.

Pizza was fresh, hot and very good. A bit steep for the price but was well made. 

I've also had the sicilan style pizza before here and it is super thick (as it should be) and very good. 
Solid service and pizza.笑
Never had a disappointing order.  Favorite is the white classic pie.  Their tiramisu is pretty decent too.  Also one of the most friendly employees around.  Laid back atmosphere.  Come here if you want to enjoy good food in a comfortable setting.笑
Really enjoyed this restaurant during a visit to Pittsburgh. The food is great and the owners were very nice. Try the gyro pizza and house salad.笑
I wasn't aware of Pastoli's until a friend recommended I try it.  Every pizza place deserves a chance so I decided to see what makes this place any different than the scores of other pizza places located in the area. Anyone who is willing to enter the ring with Aiello's and Mineo's nearby earns my attention. 

First impression:  It doesn't look like a pizza shop. The warm lighting and comfy seating throughout reminded me of a coffee café.  Never hurts to look inviting whatever you are selling.

I was quickly greeted and asked for my order.  I decided to go with a few slices of pizza they had ready.  I picked up the pizza box and immediately realized these are not wimpy weighing  slices at all.  I needed two hands to carry them!

The pizza tasted good and it is certainly worth another visit in order to try out some of the other menu selections.  Besides offering their traditional and specialty pizzas they serve a nice variety of  allergen-friendly, vegan, and gluten-free menu items.  More so than any other pizza  place I have seen.

The starters include fun things like corn puppies and the amazing queso sticks.  Salads, hoagies, wedgies, wings, calzones, pasta dishes are also available.  They even have a few dessert choices.  Caramel cinnamon puffs sounds like a nice finish to your meal.

I thank my friend for the recommendation and hope to return to Pastoli's soon.  I suppose a little competition never hurts anyone.笑
Our family stopped into Pastoli's while in town for a family event and had a great experience. Everything from the salads to the Tiramisu were very good. Loved the Gyro pizza!! The staff was very friendly and even came out to greet us and chat briefly during the meal.  We will definitely visit Pastoli's when in town again.笑
Pastoli's is awesome. The whole restaurant has a very relaxed feel, while the variety and quality of the pizza is second to none. I highly recommend trying the specialty pizzas with lots of toppings. They are certainly worth it.笑
Been ordering pizza from Pastoli's for the past year. Food has always been great. Today was the only time I left Pastoli's unsatisfied. My take out order on a Monday evening took an hour to prepare when the time frame given to me was under 30 minutes. No one in the staff communicated to me that my order was going to be delayed. I do love the pizzas here, but better communication would have made today's visit much less frustrating.笑
My eyes were as huge as the portions when the waitresses set my meal in front of me. Yep, two people had to bring me my food because each plate was threatening to topple over. And trust me, I am no stranger to ridiculously large portions. Despite being a short/small girl, I can out eat many people around me (well, usually because I don't eat frequently enough, so my stomach can accompany a lot when I do, and being an extremely slow eater means I've probably digested everything before I've eaten enough to be full).

In any case, I LOVED how colorful everything was when it came, as well as all the vegetables in the side salad (most are just generic croutons and cheese on lettuce, but this had a mix of tomatoes, green peppers, red onions, olives, banana peppers, and mozarella balls on mixed greens).

The penne pasta came at the perfect temperature and texture. The pesto was flavorful without being greasy in any way and there were HUGE chunks of chicken throughout. The garlic bread had a nice bite to it, and wasn't too overpowering. The sun-dried tomatoes were the sweetest I've ever had, and added another dimension to the dish. I really enjoyed my meal, and it was well worth the price. I will be back to try the other dishes, especially the wide variety of calzones!笑
Ordered the 20" vegan buffalo chicken pizza. Let me just say, woah. You get so much chik'n!!! It was mouth-watering. We were introduced to Pastoli's May 7 at VegFest and got the XL Vegan veggie supreme (which, again, AMAZING!). I just love all of the vegan options available, without it being just pizza without cheese. I know we will continue to go here - wish we lived a little closer! Next pizza to try will be the Vegan BBQ Pork. :P笑
My girlfriend and I have been sampling the various pizzas on offer in Squirrel Hill.  We've worked our way well down the list, and tonight we finally came to Pastoli's, and let me tell you, we were impressed.  

We ordered a cheese pizza in their sicilian style with breadsticks via the online app.  While the app said it would take 45 minutes to deliver, we were pleasantly surprised when the pizza arrived about 20 minutes early.  The driver was polite.  Things got even better from here.

At first I was surprised by the look of the Sicilian style pizza, and a bit skeptical, but a single bite quelled all fears I had.  Put simply: it was delicious.  While the breadsticks aren't going to win any awards, they are as good as I've had from any of the other Squirrel Hill pizzerias.  

I would highly recommend this jewel in the already shimmering crown of Squirrel Hill's vibrant pizza culture.  Even our dog couldn't control himself.  I think we're about to go back for seconds -- who am I kidding?  Thirds!笑
Pizza is fantastic! My favorite is the white pizza, in my opinion it is by far the best. My friend who has celiac disease comes here with me and says that the gluten free food is top notch.笑
Wonderful place! Especially for someone with food allergies. They have a book with what ingredients are in what food item like a crust, sauce, etc. The gluten free pizza is also soy free, but they do have a strict allergy menu as well. They make their own ranch dressing in house which is incredible. I love this place because of the choices that fit in with my diet and also the staff are extremely friendly as well. #soyfreefriendly笑
They have a lot of gluten free options!!!  The pizza is very good, we got a larger and still had leftovers. We also got French from that had cheese and bacon on them. The cheese was actual cheese and not the junk nacho cheese. Very god service!  And they have a lot of beer selections some of which at gluten free and they carry Gluutney's baked goods for dessert. I will be going back if not they deliver!笑
So I would say my pizza was a 3.5 but the fact that they have SO MANY OPTIONS for everyone they definitely get 4 stars, and the service was solid. 
I got the buffalo chicken pizza on a Sicilian crust. I love Sicilian so finding some in Pittsburgh that are good is key. I enjoyed the crust however, (and maybe this is my fault) but the buffalo chicken on the thick crust was almost too much because they put french fries on the buffalo chicken pizza. I would definitely go back and try their regular pizza though for sure. 

I also enjoyed that it didn't look like a pizza shop and there was a little group of people casually sitting in the couches playing instruments. Would definitely recommend to others.笑
After the abominable Mandy's pizza closed, I was shocked to see Pastoli's go into here practically overnight.  Reluctant to try Pastoli's in case this was just an owner renaming, I finally stopped in here a few nights ago.

For a pizza place, Pastoli's is shockingly inviting.  There is a big comfy couch and tables.  My friend and I rolled in at 11:15 PM on a Saturday night.  The help was so nice, and our food came out super speedy.  We were instantly served cheese fries ($4.50) that were pretty standard.  We also got an extra large pizza with half tomato and half pineapple.  The crust was good, and they use a sweet sauce.  Toppings were an average amount.  While we did not need gluten free or other options, Pastoli's does cater to those with allergies, which is pretty cool.

Everyone who worked here was beyond pleasant in their interactions, and the pizza was quite good!  On top of that, as they close at midnight, the staff did not rush us at all.  Very impressed!笑
Very great gluten free options and delicious. There was pizza, pasta, appetizers, wedgies, hoagies, chicken fingers, beer/cider and they had some Gluten free desserts from the Gluuteny bakery across the street (which is also amazing). Quaint environment with nice bathrooms just incase that is imoortsnt to you.  The staff are all very kind and care about you. The only complaint we have was our food came out separate and from the first to our last person there was about a 7-10 minute difference. There were only 4 of us at the table. But the quality and taste of the food was well worth the wait so it wasnt that big of a deal and we enjoyed eachothers company笑
My review of any pizza place comes down to the quality and taste of the pizza. It maybe that Pastoli's has good service, and lots of gluten free options, but at the end of the day, this is very bad pizza, especially considering Napoli's is right down the block. 

No reason to get a slice here if you're not gluten free.笑
Superb pizza place in the heart of Squirrel Hill. There's a few pizza shops on this strip and while some are Pittsburgh staples and others are not this one is a true gem. Not many shops like this one in the city. Their gluten free menu is EXTENSIVE to say the least, and the gluten free pizza is actually pretty good. However, their regular pizza is a true contender to the pizza shops in the city. It's the right amount of salt flavory, cheese gushy, gobbely goop on a pizza. The dough is crispy, yet hearty and the sauce is lite yet potent. It is also a bottle shop, so grabbing a sixer on your way out the door is an option. Highly recommend.笑
We're so happy that Pasoli's has taken over the space that was Mandy's! They're serving the same great pizza with allergen-friendly and gluten-free options and some menu additions... but now you can have those pizzas, wings, etc. served up by a friendly and helpful staff and management team. All of the negative comments I had about Mandy's have been remedied. We're pleased to call Pastoli's our go-to pizza place in Squirrel Hill!笑
I was pretty disappointed in my experience and surprised. I had read the reviews and heard my boyfriend say how much he'd enjoyed this place. So for my birthday I wanted a mellow night in and some yummy pizza. We ordered around the pizza around a quarter til 9/9pm. We ordered the feta and spinach pizza, with a couple of add-ons: tomatoes and onions. It was quoted to arrive around 945/950. Well, about 15 minutes before it was supposed to arrive the estimated time was changed and an additional hour was added. So when my boyfriend called back, they said it was about to head out the door. He checked to make sure our add-ons were included.. The pizza shows up at 11, barely warm and then the delivery guy complains at me to grab the pizza, to pay an additional $6 because they didn't include our add-ons, and then as we turn to shut the door, the delivery guy complains about the state of our road and how snowy it was (it wasn't). I was very disappointed in this experience, especially being new to the city and trying to find new places near me to be able to frequent.笑
Tried this place on a whim so happy i did got the gyro pizza absolutely amazing and fast delivery too!笑
I recently moved here from Cleveland and am looking for the best pizza place in town. Pastolis was our first stop and it is REALLY good.  The think I enjoyed most was that my lactose intolerant spouse was able to get a pizza with dairy free cheese!  She was really happy with their vegan options as well.  The best in Pittsburgh in my opinion although my sample size is small (2)笑
Went here after a recommendation from Gluuteny across the street. I wish I had caught the name of the super friendly woman who took our order. Delicious gluten free pizza that even my non-GF boyfriend enjoyed, comfy couch, great beer (GF and gluten-full) selection! I am a big sauce lover, too, and Pastoli's did not disappoint! Can't wait to go back next time I'm in town!笑
After listening to the managers suggestion to call instead of ordering online through the eat24 app, I tried Pastolis again.  I have never had to wait over an hour for my delivery again.  So I recommend Pastoli's without hesitation.  You have to love a place that reads their online reviews and uses them to try to improve the service!笑
I've had Pizza several times and it is delicious and well worth the price which to me is reasonable.Toppings are plentiful and that's what I like.  I highly recommend it! Yummy!笑
Finally a vegan pizza place that delivers to my house in Oakland!  I found this delicious place via Grubhub and couldn't believe how delicious my vegan pizza was!  I also got a lovely note with my breadsticks, letting me know that they were prepared without cheese and were vegan. (Thank you, The Pastoli's Vegan!) My only wish is for a vegan dessert option or two so I could finish off this delicious pizza with something sweet!笑
Been here twice, and neither time were we disappointed.  Even though this place is obviously getting a lot of phone/delivery orders, our pizza came out hot, quick and tasty.  I haven't tried the Sicilian, but others in my party have.  Only great reviews.  Their regular pie is excellent!  Tangy sauce, adequate cheese, soft, chewy, not overdone, crust.  They do sell bottled and draft beer, but the selection is very small.  I believe there are six packs there too.  The lack of drink for a beer + pizza lover is a bit disappointing.  However, it won't stop me from coming back to dine in.  Eat my pie, or take my pie, and go drink elsewhere.  :)  Also, they do have vegan and gluten free options.  Definite thumbs up!笑
Really good food. I've eaten here four or five times since moving to the area. I usually get hoagies, and their produce used is always fresh. Everyone there is really nice as well and they have a great atmosphere.