I have been a fan of the Galleria Super Market since they opened. The original spot was trend setting IMO for Korean Food focused super market. Alas I moved downtown and my trips have become few and far between to this gem of a  place. Next came their move to a new spot near steele to accommodate surprise surprise a condoplex. The new setup is confusing at best as it was not purpose built (old chapters building).
So I had been itching to try out this branch ever since it opened. Finally I madeit  here today and its safe to say I like this spot better than the original flagship just because the layout alone makes a lot more sense. Location is more accessible if you are driving from downtown and there is a lot more to explore in this area as there are plenty of things in the same enclave. 
In terms of variety I think its about the same as the Thornhill branch. You get your specialized cuts of meat that are geared towards Korean Cuisine. I highly recommend the cuts of Kalbi from here as they sell some of the cuts I have rarely seen in a restaurant (Kalbi King Rib) let alone a grocery store. Then you have your kimchi filled refrigeration area, sauce mixes etc etc.  
Plenty of other knick knacks are also there which go well with beer or with mains. 
There is a food court here as well though I didn't get a chance to explore it much but it looked interesting. 
A good addition to the ever growing ethnic focused grocery stores.Ǿ
3.5

Pros:
Ample parking
Bigger selection on items than the other Galleria

Cons:
Food court not as good as other Galleria
Not open 24 hours

This review will be more of a comparison to the other Galleria than anything.  Both Galleria's are pretty great, don't get me wrong.  I just like the Yonge and Steeles location a little better for the upcoming reasons.

First the good things.  I find this Galleria has a lot more selection than the one at Yonge and Steeles.  There were products here that I don't see at that location.  It feels like this location is also larger and able to carry more items.  

The parking here is also tremendously better than the other location.  They have a humongous parking lot in the back of the plaza it is located in.  You don't think there would be this many spots looking in from the street.  This is great because this location shares the plaza with a lot of other places so you do need parking to be ample.  

Now, the things I don't like as much.  The food court was a little disappointing to me unfortunately.  The other location has 4 different stalls to choose from.  Each stall has different types of cuisine.  This place only has the one stall, albeit a really big one.  The seating is also not as good.  There are bar like seats situated around the stall which is great if you're eating alone.  If you come as a family, you have about 10-15 tables to choose from at that's it. I came for mama's chicken and quite frankly, you can do better for Korean fried chicken.  It's good, but didn't match the hype.  Home of Hot Taste blows it out of the water.

Lastly, this location is not open 24 hours.  I have stated the convenience of having a supermarket available at all times during the day.  Most of the Korean supermarkets I find are open 24 hours so it's strange not to see this one as well.  I'm thinking it's about the location more than anything.

To finish, you can't go wrong with either Galleria.  I myself just prefer one over the other.  You will have your opinion as well.  We can both agree though that Galleria rocks!Ǿ
This review is mainly not about the supermarket itself, but on the cafeteria inside the supermarket. 

The food is pretty good. Yo6 can order pre-made food, like buffet style, and measure food price based on weight. I ordered a la carte black bean fried noodle. It was quite salty but I am quite surprised by the quantity. In addition, the price is quite reasonable. But beware, the wait maybe rather long.Ǿ
30% off the "per lbs" hot food section (i.e. where you make you own plate) starts at 7:30pm, however, the whole section closes at 8pm.

The cafeteria also closes at 8pm. That means no more ordering of Mom's Chicken and all other "a la carte" hot food orders. 

At 7pm 50% off sushi and 30% off sashimi and raw oysters. At 7:30pm 30%-50% discounts start on all the other prepared foods.

Melona popsicles sell for $4.48, just slightly cheaper than at Food Basics which sells them for $4.69.Ǿ
I was not too impressed with the Galleria Supermarket Thornhill location but after visiting their York Mills location I am a FAN!! 

This place is not easy to find especially on a snowy evening.. There are no signage at all on York Mills.. the only reason I turning into this No Exit road because my GPS was telling me that it is on the left... 

I almost park and went inside Dragon Pearl Buffet... but I was amazed to see this huge parking lot around the corner where Galleria front door is!! 

Galleria as a Korean supermarket does have good selections of Korean and Japanese groceries and dry good. When walking around, I do have a sense that I am not in Toronto but somewhere in Seoul... since a lot of the Korean products has only Korean wording on the package.. looking at the design and picture of the package did make it a fun shopping experience. 

Love the Fresh Seafood department: half shelled oysters, cherrystone clams, squids, Norway salted Mackerel and even a whole Salmon head! The package sashimi graded raw fish is all nicely packed! (much much better quality than what they have at T&T!) 

Love the Cafeteria part and cooked food area: Fish cakes, packaged banchens, sushi and self served lunch box (don't load up your lunch box since it is based on weight!) and of course the made to order food. I could not resist to check out what the pretty Cashier (yes she was there and she was really nice but not my type!) and the kick ass Spicy Seafood Soup (yes it is spicy, made my tummy nice and warm spicy!) and the Corn Silk drink is nice and refreshing to balanced out the spiciness! Damn I drank the soup too! 

The Made to Order Korean Fried Chicken I ordered was not bad. Since they are double fried so extra crispy. But definitely not worth the wait of 30 minute! 

If you still hungry, there are free sampling of food everywhere! Nothing beats having a free sample of a few walnut cakes (3 of those I ate) as dessert to finish off my Korean adventure!

Or will I been in trouble if I park myself on the numerous bench and use their free wifi for hours while eating my packaged Sashimi next time?Ǿ
It is the most authentic Korean food that I have found in Toronto so far! The fact that most of the cooks at the supermarket only speak Korean, probably explains why. Add to that the fact that the food is ridiculously cheap, (think giant meal for MacDonalds price) and super delicious and I have to admit that  find myself going back time and time again, despite the fact  that it is still just a supermarket you are eating in. Avoid the "buffet" they try and temp you with, the real greatness is in the $7 meals/soups.Ǿ
Too tired to drive back to downtown, we stayed put and grabbed a bite here.   Both Bimbimbap and Bulgogi were ok.  Food was cheap and decent.  Many of the boxed rolls were marked down 30-50% right before closing.  Too bad we didn't get to take advantage of it.Ǿ
This is a Korean supermarket that I frequent often since I live in the area. I typically go to just pick up their cooked foods and sushi when I am too lazy to cook. The sushi is fresh and there is variety. They got sashimi, sushi and maki combos that are at discount after 7PM. The cooked foods include gimbap, fried chicken, kimchi fried rice, steamed and fried pork vegetable dumplings, mungbean pancakes, Korean soups - the list continues. You'll have to go and see what is available that day. Definitely check out this grocery store whenever you're in the area! Oh and they got a points card. Make sure to subscribe!Ǿ
We go to the Galleria every Sunday.  I must admit that I love this place.  The produce and meat quality is exceptional and the prices are reasonable.  I particularly love to munch on the fresh fruit and mondoo (pot stickers) samples!  Korean food is not just for Koreans anymore!Ǿ
My wife and I came here again for the Mom's Chicken. This time we got half and half which half fried and half coated in red chilli sauce. We waited approximately 30 minutes. I like the fact that they cook it in batch, it's cook to order. Popeyes and KFC does the opposite of Mom's Chicken. The cashier gives you a buzzer and it'll buzz when the order is ready. Good. I don't want to sit for 30 minutes waiting. 

While we were waiting for our order, my wife and I browsed around the supermarket. We found out that this place now carries beers. Since the LCBO around here closes at 10, come here to buy booze as this supermarket closes at midnight.

This place makes fish cakes - red bean, matcha and chocolate. We opted for red bean. The staff hands over two fish cakes and it tastes great!!!!!!!!!  The red bean just oozes when you take a bite. 

Finally the the buzzer buzzed.  Take a look at the pictures. 

There's no score for ambience. It's a supermarket for goodness sakes. 

We will definitely come back!  That fried chicken!!!

Food:  5/5
Service:  5/5
Cleanliness:  5/5Ǿ
Yes, I go to Korean supermarkets.

The Galleria Supermarket off of York Mills is massive, clean and has a great selection of Korean foods. We came here to get Korean fried chicken--apparently the best in town.

The whole process takes 30 min but the chicken is indeed extra crispy. After paying, you get a vibrator that will ring once your chicken is ready. The whole chicken cost $19.99 which included massive coke bottle for free. I found the whole experience amusing. 

I also got some Kimchi, Melona frozen popsickles (these things are AMAZING!, taste like real melons), and some sea weed. If kimchi isn't your thing, they have tonnes of other snacks.Ǿ
I found my favorite Korean style cream cake here and I also got a very good cooking pot (lovely pumpkin color).

Other than the cream cake and I can't say I am very impressed with the food there. Actually, I am impressed for the many kind they have, but it is just hard to pick up something I would like to buy and  also I don't like their Kimchi.....

In general they have more variety than most of the Korean super market, but for people live in North York if what you are looking for is just food, I will prefer the H mart in your neighborhood.Ǿ
This is the newer bigger version of Galleria and has a much bigger parking lot than the one on Yonge street.  

While this is on the pricier side of Asian grocery stores, this place is much cleaner and very well organized.  In addition, fruits and vegetables look much fresher than T&T. Their Korean side dish section is also huge and you can buy certain dishes at 4 for $9.99 or 3 for 9.99 (these ones are bigger). 

They also have a big food court/dining/baked good areas which is kept clean as well and has your few Korean staple foods such as PBS, Soon Tofu and KFC.

Verdict: Great change of pace from Foody Mart, T&T and a much more enjoyable shopping experience if you're willing to pay a bit of a premium.Ǿ
So many options. Great place to rest and eat after grocery shopping. I went on a day thay the pork bone soup was yhe days special, it was only around 6. The thing they give you after your order will vibrate when food is ready, which is pretty cool.Ǿ
What can i say? They serve sea urchin and other sashimi lunchbox for an affordable price.  my stomach hasnt been that happy for a while.Ǿ
Mom's chicken how to:  

- wait time is 30 mins
- you can call the general store number to order in advance of your arrival
- there are 3 flavors, fried (dry), spicy (fried and saucy) or half and half ($23 includes a few cans of coke and a small side of pickled carrot))
- go to the cash closes to the prepared food bar to pay (utensils are supplied here to)
- take your receipt to the end of the cafeteria kitchen at the back of the store. You will see custom moms chicken paper shopping bags. 
- your order should be waiting there 
- present your receipt to one of the staff in the kitchen area for pick up
- if u r enjoying it there and need rice, they have pre packed rice next to the soup at the food bar ($1.18)

Enjoy! It's good. Similar to the fried chicken at momofuko at a fraction of the price!Ǿ
Awesome food during the day, and best deals on marked down food prices at night. My new favorite supermarket!

First time here, and was really impressed by this Korean supermarket. They have huge selection of grocery items, especially hot food. Came here today (Saturday) and was pleased at how many sample stations there were. Staff can also speak good English. 

I picked up a couple of snacks from the grocery section, then tried one item from the bakery (sugar twist for $1.80) which was pretty tasty.

From the cafeteria (buffet style) section, I got some fried rice with vegetable, beef bulgogi, and pork ribs (pics in photos) and paid $5.69 for it which is a good price.

My BF ordered a fresh bulgogi with rice meal for about $7 which is also pretty good.

Place was clean, and there were a lot of seating, even during a busy day.

I will come back for sure to try some of their pork bone soup and more bakery items.

EDIT: I don't always go to a food place twice in the same day, but when I do, it is at Galleria Supermarket! Came here at 9:30PM to check out marked down items before closing and BOY, WAS I GLAD I WENT TONIGHT!

Marked down sushi / sashimi is by far the best deal! And this is not just cheap sushi, it is definitely still excellent and the sushi is sooo good!

Marked down prices:
50% off Tuna Roll - paid only $3.49 for a $7.99 tuna roll pack
20% off Salmon Sashimi - paid only $7.72 for a $9.65 salmon sashimi

Also got a pack of cheese filled fish cakes for about $2.59. Good deal!

Will definitely make a point to come here at night to get the best deals on food. I signed up for their points card, because I know I will be a regular!

Review 2 of 100Ǿ
Galleria is a large Korean supermarket that sells mostly Korean and Japanese groceries. It also houses a cafeteria, bakery, health product counter, and some boutiques. It's a great place to go for one-stop shopping.

The cafeteria is a bit hit and miss. Some good menu items like the pork bone soup (flavorful and tender pork), and then some outright terrible ones like the Korean traditional noodles (bland noodles in a bland kimchi broth). Service is generally good, though brusque at times. Solid experience, all in all. 

Wi-Fi is also hit and miss, but hey, it's free!Ǿ
What's not to like when you go shopping and you find something for FREE?  Yes, as I was perusing the meat section of this uber clean and nicely organized Korean food store, they had neatly wrapped packages of free  bones.  Bones are trendy and so, more expensive now and greatly appreciated by my dog Sailor (the one with the very large, sharp pointy white teeth.)  I picked up some cool snacks and some great take-out food.  I'll be back.Ǿ
This is an amazing place in Toronto, please visit ASAP, they are the best in every possible way!!

they even will give you a plastic bag for your wet umbrela on a rainy day!! WOW that is service with a class!!Ǿ
This place has pretty much whatever you are looking for - need some Korean beauty stuff?  Check.  Fruits/veggies? Check.  Want to pick up a cake for a celebration? Check.  Hot/cold food? Check.

There is a fairly large hot/cold food station in here.  The 'cafeteria' has several options that you pay by weight ($5.99/lb).  There's shrimp, glass noodles, spicy fish, veggies, kimchee, different meat options...you get the food picture.  And it's pretty decent food!

There is also a large counter you can sit and eat at, plus they have tables at the side if you want to dine in.  You can also order a hot meal from the menu - soups/noodle dishes/rice dishes etc.

Along the counter they keep their cold food (perfect for lunches at work) Dumplings, meals to go kinda deals.  The prices are pretty reasonable as well.  

If you need to find a particular Asian ingredient check here first - pretty good variety and the prices are right.

Tons of parking (check at the back as well) is another bonus.  Don't forget to hit the "How did we do on service today" button on the way out!Ǿ
I'd like to say I loved this place, because for the most part I did.

The veggie selection was beautiful, the store was bright and clean, but ultimately, all of that was ruined by my experience at the check out.

I went through the self check out, you know, so I could avoid talking to cashiers and go through the process quickly? Instead the attendant would not leave me alone and it took twice as long.

He hovered and hassled me the entire time I was going through the check out, he yelled out the veggies at me that I was buying from his station, and it was really frustrating. It totally ruined the whole experience for me. 

If I do go back, I'm not going to bother doing self check-out (and I don't recommend anyone else does either), not much point if someone is going to micromanage the entire process.

I would have given this place a five, I wanted to give this place a two after I left, but it gets a begrudging three because it has such a nice selection and a clean bright location.Ǿ
This place is heaven. The food is such good quality and very legit. Definitely my new favourite lunch spot. I would eat here all day every day if I could. Great prices too!Ǿ
Food here is fresh, delicious and cheap. Even for someone as picky and indecisive as me, I always had no problem of finding something new to try. 

There's a bakery on the side in case you crave something sweet and small which is perfect for a light breakfast or afternoon tea!

The buffet station has all your Korean staple side + main dishes. You can easily create a perfect meal by adding a side of miso soup, (multigrain, brown or white) rice, or hot drink. 

There's also the option of ordering your ready to be made Korean or Chinese-Korean dishes like bibimbap, soon tofu, noodle in black bean sauce at the cash register. They give u this device that vibrates and flashes whenever your order is ready. 
Did I tell u they also have fresh sashimi and sushi to go?  So far I've tried the bone marrow soup, soon tofu, sashimi salad and create my own lunch box - everything tasted delicious! The best part? Averaging only about 7 dollars each meal! 

Don't forget to stop by the waffle station to pick up the some amazing Japanese Korean waffle fish! They were crunchy and piping hot - I haven't been able to leave without picking at least a box of 4 each time. I will definitely be back for my Korean fix on our annual Toronto visit.Ǿ
This food court used to be my favourite one as they provided quality and affordable Korean dishes. But I see changes especially started from the beginning of this year. First of all, the food prices increased, I understand the cost of raw materials increased as the vegetable, fish and meat are more expensive than last year, it is reasonable for them to boost the price to cover the cost, but in the meanwhile, I sadly noticed the quality has been lowered, and the choice has been limited. My girl and I used to spend less than $20 for dinner or with bulked food, but now it usually costs us more than $30, so now we don't go there as frequently as we used to do. 
The food there is still delicious, and their employees are friendly too.Ǿ
HOLY MOLY I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!

Reveal: I am not Korean, nor do I know much about Korean cuisine. But I am extremely interested and curious about all kinds of food and recipes, especially those I have never heard of or tried!

Totally overwhelming for someone as ignorant as I, but I have been back twice now - here are my 5 star reasons:

1. Mom's Chicken, as EVERYONE else here has said. Mr. Rosie S. was very impressed! And he doesn't even LIKE fried chicken.

2. Sushi!!! Yummers! This is the best place in the area to grab ready-to-go sushi! Yes, I know sushi is Japanese. 

3. NOOOOOOOODLES. Just wow! The selection here is one of the best in the GTA, I think! Just amazing. You could become the next Ramen Rater with JUST the supply at this location. Huge selection.

4. Clean, bright, great signage. Everyone is really, really nice!

5. THE EXPERIENCE! I feel like I have travelled across the world when I step in the doors here - I just love it. Bonus = everyone is friendly and speaks at least some English!

The prepared food cafeteria area is great (and was very popular when we were there). There are stools to eat on, and a bunch of tables as well. It was PACKED.

There was an ENTIRE AISLE of seaweed! Whaaaat? Awesome!!!Ǿ
Galleria has everything!   Fresh fruits and vegetables, lots of meats, and a plentiful variety of cooked foods.  You need beauty products?  Check.  How about a kimchi fridge?  Check.  U need a fishing outfit?  They have that too.  It's like one stop shopping.  They have great sampling stations, even a few on weekdays.  Psy is on repeat, playing in the background.Ǿ
Oh no, Galleria.  You did it again!  What happened to the head chef (older gent with a silvery grey ponytail) that made all the food at your food court yummy?  I have not see him for my last 4-5 visits and the dine-in experience suffered considerably.  

Instead of the head chef I'm used to seeing walking around, overseeing all the food prep and cooking process, there were a bunch of non-Koreans in the kitchen, seeming lost and bored.  there was another older gent working in the section where Korean-style Chinese food (like jajangmyun and jjampong) are made were working with his bare hands in plain view from the patrons picking up their food.  He was handling noodles, yes, cooked noodles with his bare hands, portioning out the next bowl of jajangmyun or jampong.  Next minute, he was around another corner handling bags of unpeeled onions with the same hands (no washing in between the food station and food prep area) and came back to keep on portioning the noodles.  I wrote to Galleria customer service a few times to notify what I've seen (along with a photo of him handling the food with bare hands) and Galleria did not respond at all.  

For the time being, I'm going to stay away from Galleria's food court and hope someone else witnesses the same and report the dirty food handler.  I don't care where you are but hygiene should never be compromised in the kitchen.Ǿ
I like coming here for its large selection. It is my go to place for asian products whenever I am in the area. They have other shops inside the supermarket selling cosmetics etc

I like trying new items at the hot foods section whenever I am at the supermarket. There are many prepared foods available to buy. They also have a counter for you to buy quick meals. The prices are reasonable.Ǿ
Came here at like 7:40 on yelp's recommendations to get the cheaper hot food, but unfortunately there were tons of people who already knew! All of the famous Mom's Chicken was gone, and most of the hot tray tables had only a few pieces of food left. Did buy some other stuff that was discounted: rice balls, rice cakes, tofu in spicy sauce, fried seaweed noodle roll, fried shisamo (a pregnant small fish), and korean meatballs. 

Would pass on the rice balls and especially the shisamo (the taste and texture were both not appealing to myself, personally). Everything else was delish! Especially the tofu!Ǿ
Love this supermarket for the hot food and bakery! The spicy crunchy fried chicken is a must try! The spice level is very low so don't worry about setting your mouth on fire. We got a combo box that has one half spicy crunchy and one half sweet and crunchy. I personally liked the spicy chicken more but each to his/her own. 

As for the black bean noodle, we ordered the larger size (#53) to share since we also got the fried chicken. To be completely honest, I have had better black bean noodle elsewhere. It didn't have as much sauce as I would have preferred and the noodles and sauce was slightly lacking in flavour. Overall, it was alright. Have to try the chicken though! 

We got some vegetables (bok choy, broccoli, cauliflower, and bell peppers) from the pre-made food bar. Price is by weight and it's $5.99/lb. A full box of vegetables was about 1lb. The cooked vegetables were a little oily but not bad. Got to get some fiber into the meal! :)

As for the supermarket itself, very clean, lots of different products you can purchase other than food. They have cosmetics, clothing, home care, rice cookers, kitchen utensils, and even kimchi refrigerators! A little something for your every need. Haven't actually done any grocery shopping here so can't comment in the affordability/quality in comparison with other supermarkets but will definitely do so in the future.Ǿ
Last week, I went to Galleria Supermarket for the first time.

I know the other one located in North York, but I think this one is better.

I ordered Gamja Tang, kind of spicy Pork bones soup with potatoes. It was good. One of the best I had for a while. And the best part, it was cheap. Made my day.Ǿ
Great Korean supermarket that we happened to discover by way of chance. The selection of all Asian type food is outstanding. However the real deal with this place is the restaurant and all the prepared foods. It is out of this world amazing. Selection is huge and food looks and tastes fresh. Everything is available from your Korean fried chicken to noodles, different Korean dishes and also of course sushi/sashimi. I did notice some of the grocery items a bit more expensive than other Asian marts I've been to but prices are only a tad higher. If I lived nearby with the busy lifestyle I have I'd frequent Galleria weekly. Asian food is comfort food for me and it's plentiful and delicious looking. Yeah folks come try some out.Ǿ
I love shopping here. The produce is fresh. The prepared foods are great. It's clean. Lots of parking available. You can even buy beer there. It's a great location.Ǿ
This is not the store you can come in and just pick up one thing. Unless I stay focused, I usually am distracted with all the good food. 

One thing for sure, is that the place is clean and neat. All the produce is stocked like someone with OCD had to do it. 
Although a lot of the Asian produce is being sold here, remember this is a Korean supermarket. Bean sprouts and cabbage is cheap, but other chinese veggies may not be. 
Apples are quite expensive at least $1.50/lb. 

If you're also looking for Asian snacks, you can find Japanese and Korean nibbles here, but chinese ones are hard to find. 

I was also looking for chicken today, but unless I got an organic whole chicken, it was of no avail. They have lots of beef short ribs (yum hard to resist) either marinated ($23+) or not ($18+), and pork. 

I really like the hot food section, and I can take home a huge container of bulgolgi for $5.Ǿ
Galleria was one of my favourite supermarkets. But I had such a bad experience on Saturday. I got skate fish there. The fish looked so fresh, but when I started cooking,  The bad smell started flowing around, it was the smell of anmonia, possibly used as preservetive. I called Galleria, but my call was just passed around. Even the fish department manager was rude and told me to talk someone else. Nobody cared. Be careful when you buy fish there.Ǿ
I get  groceries and prepared foods here, no problem, and there's lots of parking.Ǿ
You can also get fairly decent Korean food by the pound at the "cafeteria" like buffet at Galleria Supermarket.  For $7 including taxes, you'll stuff yourself silly.  Pretty decent selection too.  The glass noodles and beef are a usual standard here.  There's also regular offering of sweet sour pork / chicken.  Love the veg offerings as its the potpourri of side dishes you'd get when you order BiBimBap at a restaurant.

They also have a hot food selection and you can get fresh hand made dumplings, or korean noodles/pork bone soup.  They've recently expanded their menu.   

More importantly they make fresh Korean Fish Cakes.  These little bad boys have NOTHING to do with fish other than being shaped into one.  It's like a crispy waffle with red bean paste on the inside and it's a dessert.  Mind you.. it's Asian dessert so don't go expecting chocolate or something, but they're one of my new favourite things.

And on the way out you can pick up some Hodo Kwajas (aka Walnut Cake aka Korean TimBits).Ǿ
Came for dinner tonight. Galleria is my go-to place to grab food when no one at home wants to cook). 

We decided to try their Asian Food Festival combo for 2 ($11.5/person = $23 before tax). This included 1/2 an Original Fried Chicken (Mom's Chicken), a Korean Style Noodle with Black Bean Sauce (Jajangmyun), and a Stir Fried Rice and Vegetables (aka vegetable fried rice) with black bean sauce). 

For a combo for 2, it was a lot of food. My parents I shared it and had leftovers to take home (my dad was headed to play badminton, so he didn't fill up. Had he, this combo for 2 would have been the perfect amount of food for the three of us). The rice and the noodles were both fresh. We sat at the bar surrounding their food prep station and watched them make our dinner! I love doing that. The chicken could have been fresh (they do it to order), but we were in a rush, and asked if we could just get a 1/2 chicken order from their grab-and-go station, and they were willing to let us do that. I greatly appreciated that, especially as the cashier had to run around for a bit to make sure that it was okay. Even after we got our food, service was very friendly. We asked for bowls and takeout containers and were given them with a smile even though the meal prep people were very busy.

We finished dinner just in time to get to their 7:30pm end-of-day sales! I ended up taking home a container of dukbokki (stir fried rice cakes with spicy sauce) for $3.49, a dish of fried zucchini for $2.79, a container of spicy fried tofu for $2.00, a container of soondae (Korean blood sausage) for $3.84, and a container of pork bone soup for $3.84. These are the prices after they had each been marked down between 30% and 50% off! Yeah. I like my discount end-of-day food. Now I won't have to cook lunch tomorrow! Hurray for Galleria!

Oh. I also got a 25pk of yakult for $3.78. I'm trying to drink one right now. It's frozen...Ǿ
Once again, how did I not know that this HUGE Korean supermarket existed in my area?!?! And I thought this place was new, but according to some reviews posted in 2010, I am clearly behind the 8 ball in my own area.

Intro. After lunch my grandmom, mom, and I decided to check this place out upon hearing it from an aunt who had just discovered the place as well (and she lives in Scarborough!) She kept on saying it was just in front of the Prince Hotel and my mom kept on saying are you sure? You mean by the Swiss Chalet? (no) You mean by Casa Manila? (no) etc...
It actually is quite easy to find once you turn off the main York Mills Road right across from the Prince Hotel and the sprawling building is to your left.

Ambiance. CLEAN! Enough with the typical dirty and less than pleasant Asian joints...Galleria is bright and clean (it bears repeating...) I am not Korean nor am I familiar with a wide variety of Korean dishes so it was interesting to come here. I find this is the TNT equivalent for Korean goods. Some items such as soy sauce and seasonings were Japanese and Galleria does carry some North American goods such as Pampers and Fillip Berrio olive oil...but the majority of products are Korean.

FYI! If you are looking for a healthy and low calorie snack, try toasted or salted seaweed. As unappetizing as that sounds, it actually fulfills my craving for something salty or crunchy...but without the fat! Most of the seaweed snacks I buy at TNT are one brand, but Galleria carries a lot. Essentially these are toasted seaweed sheets that one of my co-worker said it was what he fed his fish...(am I really selling it here?)

Galleria also carries other products (not just food) such as pots and pans, bedding, mini dresses, dishwashers (Samsung of course!) and special machines for Kimchi? There is a bakery towards the other end of the market and a "food court" where you can purchase prepared food items.

Because I am not familiar with most Korean goods, I probably will not be shopping here often. But it is a nice addition to this area and there is a Dragon Pearl Buffet right next to this place!Ǿ
I normally love to shop in Galleria....the meat is more fresh then most of the supermarket chain in the city.  However this time, I bought a pack of cut up stewed beef and it was spoiled in 1 day.......Very disappointing.  This alone is a 1 star.  Usually I go to the Yonge/Steeles store but I guess this time I made a mistake!  

Other than that...

I am very happy to find all sorts of korean sauce, paste, oligo sugar, etc etc...this is a 4 star for sure so my final verdict is 2.5.  

One of my favourite items in the store is the Galleria brand sesame oil!! It was very fragrant.Ǿ
Galleria is Korea's answer to T&T's. This location is huge!! You can find so many interesting grocery items here... from their in-house made kimchi and tofu, to kalbi beef, to different kinds of teas (including the 'ballerina tea' to apparently cause weight loss:S), all kinds of dumplings, and fun snacks. It is quite organized, clean, and super air-conditioned (I visited on a hot summer day). In addition to groceries, you can find beauty products like sheet masks and there is even a travel agency! Oh, and they sell Kimchi fridges! Yes, that is a thing. 

As others have mentioned, order the fried chicken so that you can shop and by the time you are done it will be ready! (They give you a buzzer so you can wander around and it will go off when your chicken is ready). The chicken is really messy to eat because it is covered in a sticky, sweet and spicy sauce. But it is sooo crispy and delicious!! You can buy side dishes to go with it. I'm partial to the kimbap rolls. There is a food court style seating area. 

There is some kind of rewards card, which might be worth it if you come here often enough.Ǿ
This is my favourite grocery store in Toronto. There are many Korean products sold here that you can't get elsewhere. I mostly come here to buy Korean snacks and also to eat the Korean cafeteria food. There is a large selection of Korean veggies & meat dishes, cafeteria style. The chap chai is very good. You can also order hot dishes for a low price and they give you a clicker thingy that rings when the food is ready. There's usually a special on Saturdays (i.e. pork bone soup) for $4.99. I usually get the tofu soup and jampoong. Also, if you're into Korean cosmetics, they have a boutique.Ǿ
Am i crazy to say that I come here regularly couple times a week lol.
This has to be my favourite supermarket !!
Their sushi sashimi section goes on sale for 30% off at about 6 pm and 50% off at 9pm!! This is where i usually pick up quick dinners after work.
Their sashimis are soo fresh and they have such good deals !! You can pick up a pack of salmon sashimi under $10 !!!
The only thing is that i would not recommend buying uni from there as i bought it once and it was not great.

They sell high quality steak for such good price too !! You can pick up a hug piece of chuck roll steak for about 6 to 10 dollars.

On weekends, they actually run the foodcourt from 11 to 8 where you can make your own lunch box or order straight from the menu.

After this long review I hope you can tell that this is an AWESOME supermarket!! You definitely get your money's worth shopping here.

Make sure you sign up for the Galleria points card !! It's free!!Ǿ
i used to go to their old location, one of the best part was the food court.. it is gone.. they have a cafeteria that is operated by galleria, food was WAY BELOW AVERAGE.. my non korean BF could make them better than what they served us.. we actually got sick after eating them.. 

variety of groceries made up for the drive from downtown.. one of the only reason i go here is to buy their home made kim chi, it is better than anything i have purchased pre made.. 

I thought the korean population here in Toronto was way bigger yet i still have hard time finding korean restaurants and groceries that are better than ones in Vancouver..  maybe recommendations as where to go for my korean fix is needed...Ǿ
This review is for the Made to order/ready made food area inside of Galleria SuperMarket. 

I was starving and in the area and remembered about all the delicious food options I had seen in the ready-made area from a previous media event visit a couple of weeks prior. 

I pulled in and made my way for the first time to the prepared foods section and began to review the menu, it was slammed with delicious options. One issue, I wasn't sure where to order?!?!

After walking around the open kitchen a couple of times I finally asked and was directed to a cashier specifically set up to take orders. I placed my order for a Pork Neck Bone Soup and was handed a numbered buzzer.

The order took about 15 minutes to prepare and I didn't mind the wait because with every minute I waited I knew another minute of love was put into the dish I was about to eat.

When my buzzer went off I nearly knocked over my chair and ran over to the pickup area. The soup was bubbling and inside sat 4 meaty bones in a clear and fatty broth. It came with a side of 2 banchan and some purple sticky rice.

The meat was delicious and while the broth was hearty as well it wasn't as spicy as I tend to like but this was likely personal preference for me, I think. Overall the dish totally delivered... and may I remind you, this was in a GROCERY Store no less!

I'm looking forward to more visits to the Thornhill and newly opened Oakville locations so I can dig through the rest of their made-to-order menu (like their version of Korean Fried Chicken named Mom's chicken)

Eatcrest OutǾ
This Korean Galleria is better then its other location (on steeles) in my opinion. It has a fresh variety of Korean Food delights. In particular, try out their fresh Sashimi and Sushi prepared foods. If you go after 7 pm, it is marked down 30-40% everyday. You can also go to their food court area and pick up precooked food options such as Bulgogi, Korean Glass Noodles, Kimchi etc. 

I also just recently tried their pork bone soup, fab! Broth is spicy with a hint of heat, pork melts off the bone!Ǿ
I like the fresh seafood better than the young location. Then have uni in the tray when it is in season.  As fresh or fresher than Dianna seafood.  Also the KOREAN  fried chicken is good.  Not as good as the fry (on tinge) but you can order in advance since it takes 30 minutes to prepare .Ǿ
I stayed in Westin for 4 nights and was in this super market every night.  It is so convenient to be able to stop by and grab some fresh bakery and drinks.  Since I am traveling I did not have much purpose for fruits, veggies, and meat...but they seems to be fresh and well presented.  

Overall a very  nice place.Ǿ
Holy crap...this place freaking huge :) lots of stuff they even got small boutiques and food court here. Plenty of sauces and stuff you need. The food court has a ridiculous amount of selection when it come to meals which you can order and they'll make it for you or buy the pre-packaged ones. If you order from them, they'll provide you with a beeper of sorts to let you know when your food is ready. They also a wide selection of side dishes which awesome but I have yet to try them all ahaha. The location is sort of meh because it's tucked away from the main road so it's not as noticeable unless you notice the plaza sign or went to Dragon Pearl next door.Ǿ
Funniest thing happened while lining up at the Cashiers.  I lined up at a random queue while I noticed the next Cashier had a line of all Guys.  Apparently that line went faster so I went there instead and noticed what most of those Guys probably noticed as well.  You've guessed it, a pretty Korean Cashier Girl.  Yup, definitely had a GOOD "check-out" experience here unlike Michelle G.   ;D

Does this prove the following:

1. Guys tend to line up at the prettiest Cashiers.
2. Single Guy lines tend to go much faster.

My praise on the former Thornhill Galleria location currently does not exist anymore at their new Thornhill Galleria location less than a minute drive away from old spot.  My props go to this York Mills Galleria location which is tucked inside a small road rather than being right on York Mills road.  This means it has become my NEW official Hang-out spot.

I found the Case of Oysters as well as Oysters on the Half Shell and individual Oysters available here where as Thornhill didn't have any when I wanted to make Gul Jeon(Oyster Pancake).  The whole setup of the store was similar to the old Thornhill location except the Food Court has been replace by their own Food Island that offers such items as Sushi, Udon, Bibimbap, Black Bean Noodle, Korean Pancakes, Korean Spicy Fried Chicken, etc...

Spicy Seafood Noodle($6.95) blew my mind.  I saw a lady got it so I decided to do the same.  It was a complete Fiery Torture Treatment that I regret getting one of the smallest Drinks(Corn Silk Drink $1.49) available.  The Udon Noodle had a Vegetable Mix along with Seafood Mix(Squid, Shrimp, Tiny Scallop, Tiny Mussels).  A-OK

The cool thing was that upon your order at the Cashier, she will give you a BEEPER so you don't have to stand there waiting.  The uncool thing is the Drink Fridge behind the Cashier is low on selection so you have to go ALL the way to the other corner of the store to get a better choice of Drinks.  PAIN!

The excellent beautifully presented Meats & Seafoods at their original spot is available here too.  The Bakery Gateaux seemed half empty this night.  There is a Tofu booth, Fish Cake booth as well as the Kimchi display.  Btw, KIMCHI FAIR(Jan 21 - Feb 3).  My Friends that wanted ABALONE Congee($4.49) for Breakfast, I can get it for you here so stop complaining.

For those that can't WIPE their own ass.  The Multi-function Toilet Seat Electric Bidet($649.00) is for you but just note it doesn't come with the Toilet itself.  Guys, it has as many buttons as a TV remote and even more instructions that come along with.  Enjoy!

Note: Free Wi-fi signs posted near Dining Area  -  I didn't test it.Ǿ
My god, this place is awesome.  As a grocery store, it's clean, has all your Korean needs and quite often there are samples being given out.  It's big, prices for the most part are fair and all prepared food reduces in price after 7:30pm (hot food, sushi, kimbap) yum.  The best part of this place is that it has a cafeteria that will make various Korean dishes for not nearly what they would charge you at a nice Korean restaurant and yet the dishes taste just as good or in some cases, even better.  The pork bone soup for example, this place has given me the tastiest one I have ever had so far and I've had quite a few now.  The make-your-own lunch isn't bad either except you have to be smart about what you want.  For example, me being not so smart I grabbed some macaroni salad, why that?  I have no idea.  This was a crappy macaroni salad and it was heavy so it just added weight to my dish and made it more expensive.... lame.  Luckily it was after 7:30pm so 50% off!!!!!  
When buying food from the cafeteria, I highly suggest some of the combos.  One I've gotten before was $12 and I got a single serving of jajangmyun (which is gigantic and overfilled 2 of us) as well as some sweet and sour pork (deep fried and I would say more sweet than sour).  This meal alone will more than fill 2 of you and I've got to say, the jajangmyun is incredible.  My only regret is I wore a white shirt and sauce got on it.... it won't come off :(  The naengmyeon isn't bad either but you might as well just buy the packages and make it yourself..... other than the egg and cucumber and one slice of pork you get with it I'm convinced they are just using the package.  That being said, it's delicious especially on a hot day.
Cheap Asian food is a weakness of mine and this place is making me fat.  Is it worth it though?  Absolutely.  Give it a try and if you can wait till after 7:30pm, I would say do it and eat like crazy!Ǿ
Supermarket: a nicer, cleaner version of all those Asian supermarkets. Kind of like T&T but for Korean products more than anything else. A little pricier than sketchy Asian supermarkets. 

Food court: pork bone soup is super tasty and comes with rice (one of the best). The  noodles in black sauce (can't write the name in English) are disappointing here because the noodles taste like spaghetti and not the traditional noodles. The sweet and sour pork type dish is delicious and fresh and the soft tofu in spicy soup is delicious, but has more of a seafood profile than other ones I've had. 

Food is fast, fresh  and hot, but seating is scarce at peak-ish meal times.Ǿ
This review is for Mom's Chicken only. Absolutely the best Korean fried chicken (KFC) I've found in T.O. by far. Way better than Ajuker in K-town.

If you didn't know, traditional Korean FC is double fried so that it's extra crispy. The chicken is then doused in a sweet and spicy gochu jang type sauce. Alternatively, you can get it naked or half and half. What I like about Mom's Chicken at Galleria is that it's chopped up into smaller pieces so that everything's snack sized. The sauce is amazing and it's definitely worth the wait.

They tell you it takes half an hour when you order it but really it's like 15-20 minutes. Order it when you arrive at Galleria, do your grocery shopping, and then pick up your Mom's Chicken when they buzz you!Ǿ
FRIED CHICKEN AND ALL THE KOREAN FOOD IN THE WORLD.

I came here with my cousin to get some fried chicken and go shopping.

So this place is super packed, especially around dinner time. The fried chicken is great, but I wish they'd let you choose between light and dark meat.

After a certain time (7:30 maybe?) all the ready made food becomes half price, which means I got some big tubs of soon tofu for a couple of bucks each. Grab them fast, though. Everyone else knows the deal.

This grocery store has nearly everything you want if you are making Korean food. They also have a pretty good housewares section (too good, says my wallet). It's clean and the prices are quite good. If this place was on my way home from work, I'd likely hit it every single day.Ǿ
A friend of mine introduced me to their kimchi and it was life changing. I ended up asking him to take me there as I had to have it at all times in my fridge. It turns out they make the kimchi there. 
Not only do they have great prices (I ended up getting food as well as face masks) but the service is amazing. Everyone there is like a kind aunt or uncle.
I ended up visiting the bakery section. Their cream cheese bun is amazing. I also purchased lunch there, the hand made pork and veggie dumplings. They were fresh and delicious. But the amazing part was when I asked for a left over box. The lady took it from me and packaged it so nicely. It didn't look like left overs any more lol. I highly recommend this place. It's so much more than just a supermarket.Ǿ
Decided to check this place out over the weekend.  Surprisingly very good.  I love the convenience of having the food court inside the grocery section.  I also love the system of ordering your food then they give you a pager so that you can continue your grocery shopping while they cook your order.  Very impressed with the cleanliness and efficiency.  I wouldn't say that the food is amazing but compared to any other grocery food court is up there in quality.  I wish they had some chicken and pork cutlet though.Ǿ
In Toronto for the week for work, and finding this place across from the street from my hotel was a sign from god. Their cafeteria is amazing. Will probably eat here everyday this week.Ǿ
Heard someone recommend it the other day and thought I would give it a whirl... Absolutely nothing to write home about. It is barely a glorified supermarket, with a handful of small retail-looking stores on the perimeters. Mostly the stuff they sell is packaged process food, with a few fresh food counters along the side (meat, fish, produce). A lot of the ready-made foods were deep-fried (not my idea of healthy food). The hot buffet held more fried foods, many are the usual heavily coated in sugar and dough variety you'd find in mall food courts. The freshly cooked hot foods you can order from a menu, though the bibimap dishes (one in metal bowls, one in a hot 'plate' which was actually a bowl) had about a heaping tablespoon of ground meat and the rest was veggie and a lot of rice were very disappointing. The place was quite cheerless and with the exception of the cashier as we were leaving, no one smiled. :(Ǿ
Good supermarket. Various kinds of Korean products and prepared food can be found in this market. Prices are reasonable, especially those store-made food, much cheaper than some Korean restaurants but really delicious. It also provides some public seats for little restaurants inside the market to make customers dinning conveniently.Ǿ
Lived in Korea for two years. This place is like stepping into a grocery store in Seoul. Friendly service and authentic take out food. They even have organic produce and beer!Ǿ
They have quality produce here for the same or decent price compared to other Chinese grocers (i.e. their pork bones are meatier, pork belly is fattier).

Staff doesn't really say much but are nice/helpful when you need help. Very clean facility and has a food court which is nice to grab lunch then grab some groceries.Ǿ
I love stopping by Galleria whenever I'm in the area. 

While some of the groceries are a little more expensive than your average grocery store, I don't come here for groceries. Galleria offers so many options when it comes to prepared foods. From fried chicken, to bulgogi, to gamjatang, to sushi, to buns, you can try something different every time you stop by. There's also a food court that offers a wide variety of Korean food if nothing in the actual supermarket tickles your fancy.

Everything that I've tried here is really good. The red bean stuffed fish cakes are really good, so make sure you try those when you're there. For $1.25 each, it can't be beat. 

I also love how the employees (cashiers) are dressed in traditional Korean clothing during the day.Ǿ
I came here last week, in search of Korean BB cream (specifically one by skin79).  I had no idea this place was here!  The cafeteria smelled amazing!  They didn't have the item I was looking for, but I did end up picking up some korean face masks, and a glass water jug (I was looking for one of these!)  I will totally come back, now that I know where this place is!Ǿ
I know this might be random but I have done a lot of research for my wife for sanitary pads. Instead of toxic commercial ones we switched her to natural cotton pads. But cheapest is loblaws for 4.50 for box of 10 Natracare which isn't fully cotton from what I heard. But found one here by Lilian  which from what I read is 100% cotton. 14-16 in a pack for 7.99 but got them on a 1+1 sale so it's quite a good deal. Was hard to find information in English since the product info was too complicated for my limited Korean vocab. But found a link here from another site. 

http://dp.image-gmkt.com/imageproxy/?src=http%3a%2f%2fwww.bloominghome.co.kr%2fimage%2fsingapore%2fLilianpurecotton_S.jpg&scw=430Ǿ
Went here around 11pm on a Thursday to look for Shiseido conditioner as T&T was closed at Cherry St. I didn't find it here, but I found bone marrow for soup and UNI (sea urchin). Forever I've been trying to catch some at Diana's Seafood (pun intended) with no luck. I am going straight home and boiling rice to eat it with. This place is bulgogi and kalbi meat heaven, but I wish I found some pre-marinated. Maybe I didn't look hard enough. Overall I was pleasantly surprised and service was very friendly as well!Ǿ
This place is amazing! After spending several days in the city, it was great to find this place! It's in the suburbs, so no need to pay for parking (; 

I enjoyed the custard korean japanese crispy waffle but did not like the green bean one. On monday, they have $4.99 for one lb of their lunch buffet, I got an arrangement of things like seaweed salad, potato salad, sweet & sour pork, sweet & sour chicken, and the Japchae. I enjoyed the potato salad and japchae most. My boyfriend got the pork bone soup. It was fall off the bone good. It was delicious! I also ordered the 6 piece sashimi for only $6.48 and the tuna kimbob. I recommend it all!! 
Go try this place! Do not buy the groceries. Super expensive.Ǿ
As a Korean living in the area, I feel my Yelp account would not be complete without a review of Galleria Supermarket. From the moment it was rumored Galleria Supermarket would be coming to my hood, I was counting down the days. I kid you not, I even got "insider updates" through friends and family, on how soon it would be opening, and how big it was going to be. Unfortunately I had to work on opening day so I wasn't able to witness history in the making, but I did go the next day, and the next, and the next. In fact, i just came back from Galleria right now. 

The supermarket itself is very well organized, bright, well maintained and always clean. The service is also very great, lots of friendly ahjumas, ajusshis and Korean college students to help the lost ones. Koreans are generally always in a rush so the service is always quick as well.  The food is very clean and so are the products. Their banchans are good though not as good as some of the ones from the smaller stores down at Bloor & Christie (Korean Town).  Oh and the Bakery is also quite the improvement form the old location in terms of taste and selection. The Sweet Potato Bun, the Peanut Cream Bun, the Custard Bun, all yummy, even the cakes and the rolls taste better. 

They have AMAZING fried chicken smothered in sweet and spicy sauce, which is worth a try. In fact I'm craving it right now... They also have a really great Lunch and Dinner Buffet, and the prices are extremely reasonable, even if its NOT all you can eat.

After 8 or 9PM, many of their baked goods, and other ready-to-eat food items go on sale for 15-50% off... which is super awesome because

A) It's cheap...!!! Buy moreee!! 
B) It assures me that they only sell fresh items :)

The downside:
Considering the big location, they don't have as much selection as one might expect. I know, it sounds crazy, but unless you're a pro Korean grocery shopper, that goes in knowing exactly what you're looking for, you wouldn't notice. That said, when it comes to Korean tea, drinks and snacks, I know my stuff. The relatively tiny Hmart down in the North York Area carries more variety when it comes to snacks, probably due to the large population of Korean exchange students in the area.

Overall, Galleria Supermarket, I would really like to give you 5 stars but until you up your game with more product variety, I can only give you 4 :(Ǿ
Mom's Chicken

Justine aka Foodigatorj highly recommended that I try Galleria Supermarket's Mom's Chicken which is only available at the Toronto Branch. I probably go there 2-3 times a month to stock up on Korean Noodles and Kimchi, so it was no brainer for us.

 A whole Chicken cost around $20 (also available in 1/2) and takes 30 minutes to make, so I'll recommend ordering it as soon as you get there and do your shopping while you wait.

We decided to eat it there as lunch and the 2 of us can barely finish the 1/2 Chicken.

You get to choose between regular and spicy.... we ordered spicy but it was very mild, the pieces are very huge which made it rather messy to eat. I would def bring it home to eat next time and would be perfect with a glass of beer or Makkoli (Korean rice wine).
 
You can actually watch how it's made at the open kitchen... it's coated with a seasoned flour and water mixture and deep fried for at least 15 minutes. Then it is toss very generously in a gochujang (Korean spicy red pepper paste)  mixture / sauce.

It came with a side of vinegar pickled radish (Korean version of slaw / celery stick) which was very cooling and refreshing after eating the sticky saucy chicken.

 Verdict :
 Crunchy, moist and recklessly sauced goodness 
~ I'll def be back for more but for take out this time.
~ Would have prefer if it was just chicken wings since the breast section was not as fatty (I do prefer dark meat)Ǿ
I loved Galleria while it was up at Yonge and Doncaster. When it closed down and I found out a new location would be opening in my hood, I was very excited.

Sad to say, this Galleria isn't nearly as good as the original. It's _like_ the the original, just smaller and somehow diminished. That being said, I'm still happy it's close by and I an get Korean staples with less of a drive. Big buckets o' kalbi for summer barbeques, the chewy tapioca bread, and banchan.

It's a fun time wandering the aisles and ending it with a snack at the giant food station. It's lost some of the charm of the individual food stations of the original, but I assume it's gained in efficiency.

Overall, minor quibbles over size and selection, but nothing that would keep me away.Ǿ
I love going grocery shopping here! It's clean, bright, they have a great selection of everything...like tofu? They make it fresh here along with soybean milk.  How about mushrooms? I specifically go here to pick up Ontario-grown shiitake and enoki. If you get hungry while shopping, no probs you can grab some food from their cooking station and eat it in their food court. I'm liking their kampppongi and KFC so far... will try more on my next visit.

oh yeah, tip I picked up from a friend... Get their free Galleria card and you'll get a 10% discount!Ǿ
Mom's Fried Chicken - among the very best in T.O. Regardless of if you prefer it spicy Korean style or just crunchy double-fried, this bird annihilates the Colonel and beats Popeyes and Rally's too. Right up there with Stockyards for me. 

I love it's simplicity, with a tiny bit of heat in it's plain iteration, and spicy sloppy deliciousness in the saucy Korean style.  Since I like it both ways, I order mine "Half & Half" which is exactly as it sounds. I also really like the smaller pieces, with a whole chicken being about a dozen individual pieces, since that raises the crunchy batter-to-chicken ration, which is all good by me!

This place can get busy, and chicken can take 15 - 25 minutes since it is cooked to order, so feel free to call ahead for pickup and then either take it out, or eat-in at one of the tables in house. They also have a hot table selection of decent Korean food which is available for you to build your own container and pay by the pound.

The supermarket is also excellent, if s bit on the pricy-side, but with correspondingly upscale quality. 

Oh, and the cubes of sweet pickled diced daikon is the most perfect accompanyment to the chicken, cutting through both the fried richness and the sticky sweet sauce, and comes free with your order, as do 3 cans of pop on Friday as part of the Friday Special.

Stop standing there and just go! Trust me!
Cheers,
.James.Ǿ
Very nice place, loved their food court.
But some of the workers were not so polite.. not sure if its a canadian thing but they dont even greet you when you approach them and this odd kitchen lady came up to me and told me that i cant use snapchat unless i get a permission from the manager lolǾ
Love having a large Korean grocery store close by. It's not your typical asian grocery store because it's pretty expensive and super nice in here. But if you ever craving any Korean food or need any ingredients, come here. They serve hot fast Korean food and Mama's fried chicken. So good!!! They also have one of the freshest sashimi sold at 20% off if you go after 8pm. I usually come here only for the quick eats because their regular grocery items are pretty pricey. Plenty of parking and the best part is that it opens till 11pm.Ǿ
I love Asian supermarkets because of all the prepackaged/prepared food options, and Galleria is no exception.

We got some KFC (Korean fried chicken) from Mom's Chicken, a freshly made jajangmyeon (noodles with black bean sauce), prepackaged Korean rice balls, and a box of taiyaki from Kevin's Taiyaki. Portions were generous for the prices and everything was super yummy, even when eaten as cold leftovers! 

There's also a buffet and a bakery section that I didn't get to try so will definitely be going back.Ǿ
Ok, seriously this korean supermarket is top notch.  Definitely 5 stars without a doubt.  First things first, almost everything is vacuumed sealed, which makes the food extremely fresh and you can tell that cleanliness standards is one of their top priorities.  I even like there pull able wagon opposed to carrying everything by hand.  In terms of prices everything seems to be reasonable and maybe its me but damn I Just spent a lot of money HAH.  Everything looked so good I couldn't help it.  Theres a also a lot of variety, and when Im talking variety, like 8/9 different types of mushrooms.  Definitely kicks the generic supermarkets butt.  I also liked how they had sampler stations and they displayed all the products used in that recipe..  Sort of like costco styled but a bit better.  
Also there is a hot food station, purchasable individual items but also seat in and eat buffet typed setup.  I personally haven't tried it, but its looks amazing.  There is also a bakery on the side.  And Tons of sushi, and korean asian snacks.  They have a killer frozen dumpling section and also tons of cutt up meat korean style.  Also great fish selection.  Honestly i could go on forever about the variety of unique items.  I will say though that if you do not speak english, sometimes its hard to understand what certain items are.  They do have listed english subtitles on certain things but the products themselves don't always.  Thye also have a korean cosmetic section and on the way out, a small clothing store.  
All in all it feels sort of like a lifestyle store, since they have cooking hardware.
I ended up getting myself a points card because at the end of the day HELL YEA, I'll be backǾ
Not only they have a good selection of Korean products, they also offer lots of good quality , good value ready-eat meals! They have daily special menus every day, and pork bone soup is on Saturday so we went on that day to have pbs. Although we already made up our minds to have pbs, there was so much temptation around this store which gives people to come again to try other food. I must say that it is not the best pbs you can get in GTA, but you still get lots of meat, rice, and kimchi on the side for under $8 including tax ( I don't remember the exact price). I also recommend getting desserts to finish off! They have this station for freshly made fish-shaped waffles filled with a variety of fillings: red bean, green bean, black bean and custard cream. PAT store in K-town has better ones, but these will still do! 

Overall, highly recommend checking out this store not just to get groceries but to try cheap Korean food!Ǿ
This review is regarding the food in the food court.

This is probably my go to place for Korean food. The prices are very reasonable and there's lots to choose from! You can order things from the menu, buy pre-made food (ex. Bimbap, Korean fried chicken, etc.) and also buy food by pound (like buffet). My favourite here is the "jajiang mein" (black bean sauce with noodles). 

Overall 4/5 because I find that there's no one there to clean the tables! I always have to wipe the tables clean by myself.Ǿ
I love Galleria Supermarket.  It's like a Korean Loblaws!  I used to go to the one on Yonge and Steeles, but now that they moved to a different location (still at Yonge and Steeles, but a different physical space), it's not that easy to access from the street, so I like this one on York Mills better!  FYI: the York Mills location is not open 24 hours, it closes at midnight.    

Plus, this location has a by-the-weight buffet.  The buffet is awesome.  It's $4.99 a pound, and there is a good selection.  Last time I was there they had bulgogi (I think they always have this), a spicy battered chicken (similar to General Tao chicken, but Korean instead of Chinese), chicken wings, meatballs, noodles, rice, tofu and so much more.  The food was delicious!

The place is very clean and the lighting very bright.  I like this kind of shopping environment!  When I was there, they had lots of "sampling stations" where employees were giving samples of items that were on promotion.  Some of the things they were giving out were dumplings, rice cakes, ramen, and kimchi.  All the employees giving out the samples were wearing face shields and gloves.  Some people may think "science fiction movie," but I think "good sanitation!"  I value cleanliness, so this scores big points with me.

I will admit that I come here mainly for the prepared foods and ramen.  They have an excellent selection of both.  They also have lots of ingredients for you to make your own Korean food from scratch, but alas I haven't the foggiest when it comes to that, so I just stick with the ready-to-eat items.      

Galleria Supermarket is a great Korean grocery store.  It's big, bright and clean, what's not to like?Ǿ
This location is not too far from highway which is continent to get to; however, the store is not as big as the one in Thornhill.  
They have a good selections of fresh meats in nice packages. Produce is just ok, could be fresher. 
There's a huge food court with tons of options for ready-to-eat  items. Lots of selections to pick from.
Their bakery is a little pricier but decent quality.  The potato matcha cake is delicous but pricy; worth a try.Ǿ
Galleria is a regular on my shopping circuit for the simple fact that my fiancee is Korea, I mean straight out of Seoul Korean (not Compton). 

Everytime we go to Galleria my fiancee buys lots of meats, vegetables and sauces so I am assuming the market carries all of the Korean essentials. We are comparing it to the supermarket in the Koreatown downtown so it seems so big. We don't have experience going to the older one as we are new to Toronto. So on the Fiancee side BIG UPS.

Now for the picky white guys opinion which probably doesn't count for too much considering this place caters to the Korean pallet. I prefer the Kimchi at the supermarket downtown. I find the kimchi at Galleria to be too hot/spicy. Second the supermarket downtown in Christie carries a larger variety of Energy Drinks (also my favorite one from Japan) and Japanese snacks so I like to visit there. I only comment on this as me and my fiancee lived in Tokyo for 7 years so it is nice to be able to pick up a few of our favorite Japanese items while grabbing "her" Korean essentials. Yes that's right I said it, I did it, "her" Korean essentials. Just wish the Japanese stuff wasn't so overpriced!

Final Note - if you are new to Toronto and love Korean food, Galleria is definitely the place to go in the North York area.Ǿ
Went to try Mom's Korean Fried Chicken and remembered how good KFC can be when you dont try to take it home with you. 

Enjoyed and will be back if in area.Ǿ
Very clean and orderly Korean supermarket. Highly recommend their Mama's fried chicken. On the pricier side at $21 for half a chicken but it is hands down the best fried chicken I've ever had. Oh so crispy and very little grease.Ǿ
Huge Korean grocery selection, ok prices, and a large and bright space. Love it!  Also with free wifi. At the entrance you're greeted with a life-size cutout of PSY promoting Shin Ramyon (didn't make me buy any, but I did end up youtube-ing the ad...on the free wifi). 

Parking is easy to find on weekend mornings, especially compared to other nearby Asian shops at Sunny or Peanut Plaza. And definitely compared to T&T. Pretty calm shopping experience as far as Asian markets go. 

In addition to the usual grocery selection (fresh, dried, frozen), there is a bakery, and several prepared food stations. Built in to one of the surrounding walls are little kiosks including a clock shop, cosmetics/skincare shop and a travel agency....just in case you need one of those.

My favourite section? The ice cream aisle! ...with those Melona ice cream bars I love so much. Don't get sucked in by the Melona fish-shaped ice waffles, I know they're cute, but get the melon bars instead ok? They're better.