This was out 1st time at your new location.   the waiting area is like a sardine can.  We spent two hours there waiting on a table then waiting on our food.  We have 2 small children so the whole experience was a little stressful.  It shouldn't take 2 hours to enter and exit a restaurant unless you're there with free time.  Will not return!Ǿ
The food was very mediocre, and bland. The spaghetti was overcooked and mushy, the marinara was watery and the sodas did not taste right. The waitress was very nice but we had to ask the bus boy for napkins. We will never go back.Ǿ
I was extremely excited to try this place out as I am a huge Bears fan and my husband is from Chicago and loves all the teams. We visited last night for the Blackhawks game. 

We made reservations because we were told the place is packed for games. Omg I had such a great time! For as busy as it was we had excellent service. The owners sister, I didn't get her name, checked on us regularly to make sure we were ok. Our waiter Nick made sure we always had a drink. The shots of fireball for each score and the great atmosphere were a total bonus. I can't wait to watch a Bears game here!

Now the food. It was really good. I had a Chicago dog and fries. My husband had the gluten free pizza and he loved it. I tried it and it was the best gluten free crust I've had. Our friends got a regular pizza and it was really crispy like I like. 

If you are looking for a place for a nice quiet meal then do not come on game days. And if you do come on game days do not complain about the service. I think they did a great job for as crazy as it was in there.Ǿ
Went for football and breakfast and although I know they are known for dinner I expected more. We get here and the waitress has no idea about the menu, we order bottomless mimosas and she brings a bottle of champagne and a container of OJ! The French toast was yummy but I ordered pancakes: they were burnt, cold and yucky. We asked for a manager and he came over and simply expressed "no one has ever complained about our breakfast" never even apologized  we were meeting a group of 10 but left and went somewhere else!! If you like crappy food and really bad service then this is your place!! The manager was John! So the manager bold faced lied and said his name was John and apparently he is the owner Kerry! Way to treat customers WTFǾ
First of all, my wife and I are from Chicago and live a block from here, so we would love to see this establishment succeed. Sadly, it is failing miserably.
We have been here numerous times. Usually to get a bite to eat and watch a Blackhawk game. When attempting to do this last night it was a debacle. First, they were out of high chairs for our one year old...I guess that will happen once in a while. We requested to be seated outside because it was a little less hectic out there. There are three TV'S and they all were showing a meaningless college football game. Us as well as the other few tables of people all requested the Hawks game and the NFL game ( the only two real games on at the time). 3 different employees told us they tried but they couldn't and the bartender refused. 

The food quality is really hit or miss depending on your choice. I can say the pizza and Italian Beef are decent....everything else is blah. They have a couple decent craft beers on tap out of a selection of 20, but they should rotate some of these more regularly. 

My suggestion would be to just wait until a Chicago teams playoff game and sit at the bar and watch the only big TV'S they have and just stick with the beer here.....that is if there is a a seat available because because most of the spots are reserved for the owners friends and regulars. If I were to open a Chicago themed establishment right next door, it would put them out of business....and I have no industry experience !!!! Like I said, I would love for this establishment to turn it around, because there is nothing I want more in my neighborhood than a sweet Chicago jointǾ
This is a great little taste of Chicago in AZ.  The thin crust pizza is a good as many in Chicago.  The beef is a disappointment if you have had a Chicago Beef recently, it will work if want close to Chicago, but avoid if you want the real thing.  I am a regular at Jimmy's we go every Friday, we go three Friday's a month.  When we attended tonight we were told they were completely booked, when we asked to wait, we were told we are completely booked for tonight.  I have never experienced a restaurant that refused to tell me how long the wait was, but rather wanted me to leave.  I am waiting for the next table because I believe that as a regular who attends as frequently as I do, I at least should be told a time rather than encouraging me to leave.  Confused an waiting... At 20 minutes but still waiting... Will post again at the end of tonight's experience.Ǿ
sigh. lets start by updating your beer menu. Its december- surely you've had enough time to take the summer beers off- since you dont have them when people order... We spent a good amount of money last night on mediocre food- mostly off the happy hour menu. The wings were cooked well- which was nice, but BARELY and i mean BARELY any sauce?!? whats up with that? The small cheese pizza was on a prefab pita like crust?! Did i miss something? I thought this was an italian restaurant- you dont make your crust? Dont try to tell me they do, that sucker was perfectly round, had no edges and had the little pucker marks like flatbread does. And who cuts a round pizza into squares?!? It all tasted bought- nothing homemade. Even the oil and vinegar was lacking- no flavor. Oh, and no kids menu, but your waitress can sort of list a few things you can make for kids?? Super disappointed. Won't be back.Ǿ
It's with a heavy heart that I must admit, I may never come back to visit this establishment. I have come to know this bar as one of my favorite places to watch Chicago Games. But let's fast forward to what will no longer be taking me here....

I won't lie I have talked about this week for so long...Cubs are in the playoffs! I couldn't have been more excited to come to Jimmys. I knew from my last encounter, earlier this year, they don't take reservations so I show up on game day 90 minutes before T-time. And low and behold, guess what, they NOW do take reservations and are booked almost solid. Ok cool, they are on the up and up. However, I explained to the waitress that this establishments reservation policy is very flip floppy, she agreed with me and explained that she's worked here for years and it has gone back and forth several times. Seeing how packed Friday was for Game 1, the table next to me asked to have a reservation for Saturday, the waitress put his name and the list. Not more than 10 minutes later one of the shift managers (I presume, as the owners were not in attendance) came over and let the guy know that they will not be taking reservations for tomorrow....SAY WHAT?! (Needless to say they shared they will be going to Buddyz for Game 2). 

I couldn't believe my ears. I explained to the waitress what just happened and she was as baffled as I was. 

Game time-lets just say the game started at 6pm and at 615 we still didn't have the game on in the side room with the exception of a small TV in the corner. Several of us had to ask if we could get sound in the room and the game on. The sound was turned on shortly after, but the TVs took until 650pm to get fully set up!!! Very disappointing. 

Knowing what we went through the waitress shared she will make an exception and put a reservation for us if we come back Saturday. I thought, sure, I would like them to redeem themselves as sometimes you are going to have an off evening. 

Saturday rolls around, I called 90 minutes before T-time to confirm my reservation. The lady who answered my call confirmed it, party of 4 in the bar. Perfect....or so we thought....we get there and they explain that they don't take reservations, I shared I just talked to someone 45 minutes ago to confirm and they let me know that person must have already left. They said they can accommodate me at a table near the front of the bar. I explained that I need a table for 4 (as I have 6 coming) and that table comfortably sits 2 and awkwardly sits 3. They explained they have a bachelorette party coming so the bar is full.....seriously I'm so disappointed. Thankfully one patron offered to move to the table for 2. However, please note the bachelorette party that so badly had to be in the bar with 14 seats didn't show up until the 8th inning and even then only used about 6 seats! 

To Jimmy's management, please please please put in clear expectations for reservations to provide a positive and smooth experience for your patrons. I want to see you succeed so badly, but until this establishment can hit above 3.5 stars or higher on Yelp I won't be going back. 

As a manger myself I would recommend putting this into place:
-Game nights: At least half the party must arrive at least 30 minutes prior, or seating is not guaranteed.Ǿ
We Love this place and the owners!  The deep dish pizza is excellent!  Oregano's watch out you have huge competition!Ǿ
Beware!!! $19 for a pitcher of beer.  Please Miss Server let customers know this before presenting check.  Plenty of TV's.  Service VERY slowǾ
I'm giving this place a very generous one star. Service is sub par at best. Layout is horrible. The food was not even close to representative of Chicago. They would be better off calling it Jimmy's of Somalia. 
I needed a tetnis shot after going to the bathroom, it was gross. 
The entire place just feels dirty. The baked clams tasted like they were made a week ago, no way they were fresh. 
My wife order baked ziti and the sauce was something a kindergartener could have made better. 
I had the Italian beef sandwich which the waitress said was the most popular menu item. I could understand that if most of the clientele was actually starving and hadn't eaten in months. I will never be back here.Ǿ
So far in the evening I'm not impressed. The acoustics are horrible, crowded night but still every voice carries and we were forced to move outside. The bread is ok, almost tastes like regular store loaf not fresh made which I expected. House salad was normal, nothing note worthy positive or negative. I had the fettucini Alfredo, horrible, runny sauce and literally no flavor to it at all. Didn't even continue eating after first couple bites. Wife had ravioli with red sauce, still very little flavor and was cool temperature wise. We will not return. On a positive note, the staff was fantastic.  Friendly and works hard and quick. They were able to move us outside and went to Walgreens to replace propane for heater. I was going with one star but wife convinced me the servers deserved another.Ǿ
Great place, great people. Great food and drinks. Alex is a great server and bartender!Ǿ
This place is a complete unorganized sh*t show. The service is horrific, and the bathroom smells like they have a serious sewage problem. I came here while visiting and will be sure not to again. -_- I can for sure confirm that the reviews on here are pretty accurate. We have been sitting here for an hour after the non existent hostess seated a group of two who got here 30 minutes after us at a large table with two chairs then pulled the extra chairs to the waiting area.......... we had four. We could have fit.Ǿ
Came for a birthday party and the place  was packed.  Service was very good even under convusing circumstances. Lacey was our server and did a great job. The whole staff was good too because i had an empty  glass as another sever walked by and asked if i needed something.  

DJ was great.  A good mix of music. Food was geat we did an appy and salad and they were very good...the place is just a good time!Ǿ
The place was nice but the food and service had room for improvement. We had the breaded mushrooms, calamari, and chicken marsala...all of which didn't have much flavor or leave any real desire to return. It wasn't the worst place we've eaten, so I went with 2 stars.Ǿ
Avoid this pit. The pizza is the only saving grace, their pasta is overdone and mushy, the sauce was lukewarm and tasted like some spilled a whole salt shaker in it. My server ignored us the whole time and spent all her time chatting up a regular. My silverware had small pieces of food stuck to it and when I asked for a new set the server rolled their eyes. Worst service and food I have ever gotten I hope you avoid this horrid place at all costs. Owner was the loudest drunk at the bar, constantly barking orders at employees. Guess he's too busy playing Cheers to run a decent business.Ǿ
Food was good. Customer service nothing to brag about    Had dinner at restaurant and then placed an order to go. Took a while to get the to go order while waiting never got a refill of drinks. Got the order. I know should have checked. Got home and it was the wrong order  dove back to jimmy's. while waiting to speak to someone a server was dealing with seated customer about giving him the wrong order.  When I finally spoke to someone it was like they knew and was looking for the order they gave me. They apologized and brought my order out in seconds. Amazing! But no consideration for their screw up and my inconvenience.  Not even a discount coupon or free appetizer on next visit. Guess it's ok for me to waste my time and gas patronizing their eatery. 
Advice. Check the order before you leave the facilityǾ
Tonight's service was awful!  1 hour for food to arrive, forgot salad,  bread was stail, ate dinner with salad fork  (out of other forks), table next to us, unhappy.  Waited 45 minutes for salad & sandwich. Not good at all! Not sure i will be back!!Ǿ
The food here is good, the staff is friendly, the beer is cold.  What else do you want in a neighborhood Italian joint?  Oh......and they have Peroni on tap!!Ǿ
Wow... Every karaoke host I know works in new singers but red rock entertainment karaoke host here at Jimmy's says we gotta wait til the rest 13 people sing that she doesn't work in new people
Wow
We have been here twice before today and have had nothing but positive feedback from the crowd and she acts as if she doesn't know us 
The sound is horrifying for some reason tonight too idk if the host is drunk or what

Then unlike any karaoke host I've seen before, she puts her own song in instead of putting a customer first

And my favorite pet peeve is when they adjust the mic for themselves to sound great but Dont for you
That's my signal that the host Dont give a shit about anyone but themselves omg

I would always make certain my guests had a better time than me
That's just me tho

Wow
Won't be back 
Had enough of the rudeness and complete lack of conpetencyǾ
Save yourself a trip and the expense and pass on this place unless you are going to be drink, drank, drunk watching a game. After 2 opportunities this place is off my list. Sadly because I always want to support the little guy especially a Chitown one at that.Ǿ
I visited here on 4/11/16 around 5:45 and it wasn't overly busy.  The sign said to seat yourself. It was nice so I sat on the patio where 3 other tables were occupied.  I wasn't greeted or acknowledged for 10 minutes so I got and said something to a waitress.  Her answer was, "We didn't see you", yet I was in direct view of the inside.  Maybe they should think about changing the Seat Yourself sign.  Each table should be greeted within 1 minute of being seated.  Not sure how the food is, but that service was unacceptable!!Ǿ
The food was not good.  The owner sat at the bar and badgered the employees and customers. I ordered the stuffed mushroom and they were mushy and flavorless.   The "homemade" gnocchi was brutal.  I think they may have frozen it and recooked it.  I am not sure how they are still open.Ǿ
Came in for the first time and had a great experience.  Service was on point and the food was great! Had the Cavatelli in Vodka sauce and was stuffed.  

Found out after we paid that we were actually taken care of and served by one of the owners. Congrats to the owners of Jimmy's for having a great restaurant and for being willing to step in and get their hands dirty with their employees. 

Delicious food HUGE portions and great service. 

We will be backǾ
Great place to hang out with friends!  Awesome atmosphere and food. Travis is the best bartender ever!Ǿ
So far we have been twice as a family and it has been the perfect spot! No wait, great service and yummy Chicago style food!  Everything is good and the atmosphere is great too!Ǿ
This is probably my favorite Italian restaurant, ever. REAL homemade Italian goodness. It's always crowded so bring your patience. And try the gnocchi!Ǿ
Wife and I ordered takeout this evening.  Got Italian beef sandwiches.  Sandwich had lots of beef, onion and green pepper.  Bun was not toasted and there was no indication any 'jus' had made it to the bun.  Not surprising as beef tasted and appeared like it had never been near any 'jus'.   Extremely disappointed.  Not sure how or why they thought they could call it an Italian beef sandwich.  Should just call it what it is.  Beef sandwich.Ǿ
Had dinner Friday night @ Jimmy's of Chicago.  There were six of us. The service was terrible & so was the food.  Pizza's were half done & cold. The Italian beef sandwich was dry and served with a quarter cup of aus jus.  Worst of all though it took 45 minutes to get our food from the time we ordered it.  After about 30 minutes the server came out & apologized and told us food would be out in about 3 minutes.....15 minutes later it arrived.  Don't know what's happened here as this used to be a great eatery.  We've been customers for years but no more.Ǿ
Jimmy's has the best happy hour. The owners are there a lot and actually talk to the customers.  The map in iPhone had the wrong address; they're actually on the NE corner of Gilbert and Pecos.Ǿ
The pizza is disgusting.  The overpowering smell of pungent Parmesan takes over so you can't even try it.  And it will smell up your car and house.   I would rather have Little Cesar's pizza.   So gross.Ǿ
I was a long time customer of jimmy's in the old location. just before the move I brought a group of 10 for dinner. I had said to guest how good food was. Well not that night! everything was horrible I was embarrassed that I invited friends. The server was great the food came i reasonable time but nothing tasted good. for  First time the red sauce tasted like a canned with no seasoning.  after asking what everyone thought of food no one liked it.  I don't know what the problem was that night. I wondered if the owners had sold the place, had a new chef or what..Ǿ
Love their pizza!  Great service if you are in the restaurant.   Delivery service is AWFUL!! I've ordered delivery twice and both times it took almost 60-90 minutes to get it delivered when I was quoted 30 minutes.   Do not order delivery!  If you want their pizza go and pick it up or eat in the restaurant!!Ǿ
Ok, planned to go here for the last Bears game and then read all the bad reviews. Thought I'd made a mistake. Wrong! Good service, good beer choices, friendly atmosphere, good bar food. They gave out raffle tickets for each purchase, generously I would add, and then pulled tickets and had gifts at the end of each quarter. Nice! So I'm not rating this place as a restaurant, but more as a bar & grill as that's all I wanted and the only food I was looking for. So consider my rating as relative to that and expectations of same.Ǿ
Went here for the first time.  The pizza we has was excellent, but unfortunately the owners decided to put on a floor show by dissing a customer over a discrepancy in the bill.  From our perspective, the server had made an error, and the owners tried to intimidate the customer into paying an erroneous bill, calling the customer a "cheapskate" and "never come back here again!"  The customer struck us as trying to be reasonable and get his bill corrected.
Service was a tad slow... not awful, but slow.  All considered, I don't think I want to spend money here to support owners who think so poorly of their customers!Ǿ
Disappointed 
Calamari overdone and tasteless
Sauce on all of our entrees could have been used as plaster. Looks like their biggest claim to fame were their large selection of beer.  There isn't enough beer in the entire county to make this meal palatableǾ
So this used to be a "go-to" for us to watch Chicago sports but that changed TODAY.   We called last week to make a reservation for the Bears/Packers game today for a table for 8.  They took the reservation over the phone.  When we arrived today, they informed us they no longer take reservations and wouldn't honor the reservation THEY took over the phone.  They seated us at a table really  for 5 with 7 people.  If our 8th would have come, it wouldn't have worked.  To top it off, not all the TVs were on the Bears game so I had to sit twisted to watch it with a pole in the middle of my view of the TV screen.  Then, they opened the roll up door so sitting twisted with an obstructed view and a glare on the TV... way to go Owners! They told us they were trying to attract more people.  They can't accommodate the people who are here.   Food took over 45 minutes to come out... very unhappy and won't be back... especially not for sporting events!Ǿ
It took 2 visits to Jimmy's. First trip(Saturday afternoon) - walked in and a sign at the hostess stand said "please seat yourself". Not a problem. We found a table and sat. 30 minutes later, no waiter or waitress. We walked out. Didn't seem too busy. Perhaps, they were short-staffed. Second trip (Thursday night) - Hostess was at attendance. Super busy, about a 10 minute wait. Food and service was awesome! Dish choices were, Clams and pasta(red sauce) and Chicken Marsala. A little hesitant to go back because of the first trip but more-n-likely will return. However, not a quiet place. A little louder than the average restaurants.Ǿ
I love this place!  It has great food, great bartenders, and great atmosphere.  The owners are there often and it's so nice to see a couple care about their business like Kerry and Z do.  Servers and staff are friendly, they have fun, and do an exceptional job. One of the staff in particular is Allison.  She took care of me when I first went in there several years ago.  She continues to satisfy customers even now.  I have so much respect for a family owned business.  It takes a lot to survive these days and Jimmy's has found that niche.Ǿ
Chicago bar.  Good place to watch the Chicago games.  Get there early on game day.  Tailgating in parking lot before bears games...cool!  

Had beef and sausage combo.  Very good.  Big menu with loads f options.  Will definitely be back to watch some more Chicago games.Ǿ
Server never came to the table so we had to order from the bar ...twice. Worst DJ ever - no clue how to mix or transition from one song to the next.Ǿ
The pizza is pretty good.  The rest of the food is solid.  Several good beers on tap.  The place is consistently understaffed though.  I've been a few times during Blackhawk games and they are always in need of about 3 more servers/busers.  The disorganization is stressful to the customers.Ǿ
Ordered takeout and was shorted clams on the Clams Oreganado.  Called back and asked for a credit and was told no, only restaurant certificate would be given.  So that tells me that once they have your cash, despite an issue, too bad.  Use to go all the time when they were on Gilbert Rd. but won't be going back here.  Food was cold anyway.  Won't be going back so what makes the owner think I would accept a gift certificate????????? RIDICULOUS - DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME. 


the food was sub par as compared to the past. based on previous reviews I would hesitate to return and explained this. while I realize this is a personal choice, when I called back the first person I spoke with said they could credit us for the missed order. But the owner made his decision which I felt was not fair customer service.Ǿ
One star only because I liked our server! Food was fair! Not going to just spend a lot of words. Not bad food I'll say again but the time it took was way to long 40 - 45 mins. Bad thing was the owner was in the house and was wrapped up in what appeared to be family and friends. Did I mention we were pretty much the only table in there most of the time we were waiting for our pizza, other than as I mentioned the owner and family and friends. It's been more than a year plus since I had visited because of similar slow service.Ǿ
The food here is great. For the 1st time since we've been coming here, we tried the pizza tonight.  Let me just say, if Quonset Hut, Potesta's, Louie's or even Tenuta's mean anything to you, you'll love the thin crust pizza at Jimmy's.  This is the thin crust I've been missing.Ǿ
Angel hair with vodka sauce--Heaven on earth. Spicy Beef sandwich-delectable. Kerry and Z are rock stars. The best family owned restaurant and so generous. Love these people and I love their place.Ǿ
Tried this place a while back and thought it was so so. Decided to try again and still think it is so so. The Alfredo sauce was bland and to add chicken to the pasta was going to be an additional 4.99 to an almost $11 dollar pasta, really!!!! I can buy a whole chicken for a little more than that. The wait staff we had was very nice. Not a fan of the one girl wait staff wearing short shorts and bending over the tables with their behind showing nor was I a fan of having the bar patrons using the F bomb watching sports on the TV. This is a family restaurant or so they claim and yes there was a child in there and having to listen to that. The Lasagna was also so so and lacked in flavor. I won't be trying it a third time.Ǿ
Went there with a large group in the extra room for Bunco. Our server was very good and attentive, but it ends there. The food was horrible. We had salad, penne pasta with tomato sauce. some linguine dish and lightly breaded chicken breasts as our buffet meal. The salad was ok....hard to mess that up. The penne with tomato sauce was just that..penne pasta with what looked and tasted like canned crushed tomatoes. No seasoning what so ever and I ended up adding salt (I never salt my food), very bland. The linguine dish was noodles in an oily broth like sauce that had random mozzarella cheese melted on top and canned looking plain diced tomatoes...again no seasoning or flavor. My mom said she had a garlic clove in her serving...I tasted no garlic or any other flavor for that matter. The chicken was plain lightly breaded breast that was...if you can believe it, so salty it was nearly inedible. I ate the chicken with the linguine just to give the linguine flavor. This place was packed and for the life of me I don't know why. If all the food is as tasteless as ours was, I don't know why anyone would spend their money here. I was looking forward to trying this place because I love Italian food, but I am glad this was on someone else's dime because I would have sent my meal back if I was the one paying for it. Would not recommend this one...Ǿ
First time here and, being from Chicago, this is a very poor imitation of a Chicago restaurant.  The service was slow and had to ask the server for bread for the mediocre soup they served.  My wife had the baked mostaccioli and it had to be sent back as the cheese wasn't melted.  I had the beef and sausage combo and it was terrible.  If a Chicago restaurant tried to serve a sandwich like this there would be real trouble, if you know what I mean.  If you want a beef sandwich go to Portillo's--that is how it is done and done faster.  Putting some Chicago decorations on the wall doesn't make it a Chicago-type restaurant.  Didn't try their pizza but just heard Lou Malnati's is coming to the Phoenix area.  You want Chicago pizza?  go to Lou's.  They may do a good bar business and that should keep them in business because the food business won't.  Good Chicago food is available in the Valley, just not here.Ǿ
Had a couple of beers, salad and pizza.

Had a Kiltlifter ($5.75) and a San Tan Pineapple whatever ($7.00).  Just a tad pricey.

Had a Caesar salad.  Not bad but could have used more acid in the dressing.  The croutons appeared to be homemade but were mostly burnt.  Probably didn't need to serve them.

Pizza was good.  I like thin crust and this was a bout as good as I've had.

Not quite a 4, closer to a 3.5.Ǿ
Decent food, not fantastic. Poor service. Got the order wrong not only on mine twice but nearby tables as well.  They claim they have Dr Pepper but it's really Mr Pibb. 

Bottom line is it's good if you're hungry but I probably won't return. If I do it will be for the cheese bread.Ǿ
This place is terrible.! Lousy service, no manager when I found hair/fuzz and rat droppings in food. Refused to refund money. Wow....! Do I need to say more. Eat at your own risk.!Ǿ
Went to
New location for Jimmys of Chicago in Gilbert AZ. Didn't like it at all. Service was poor and food was not as good as original location.  We started going to original location when they first opened up and liked it very much.  It is much more of a bar scene instead of a restaurant.  Would not come back!Ǿ
One star is generous.  Lost our gift card.  Lost our credit card.  Servers friends were clearly in on it when we complained.  Do NOT go hereǾ
What a disappointment. Posted hours for Friday's is 11:00 AM - 11:00 PM.  Imagine my surprise and befuddlement when we walked in at 10:07 and were promptly told "We're Closed" by the manager, who happened to be counting the cash drawers at the bar. I can understand when you're slow, you're slow. Closing the kitchen is one thing, but closing the entire establishment an hour early is a little ridiculous.  People have been talking about how things have been going "downhill" since the move and now I can understand why they feel that way.  It even makes it hard for regulars, which I consider myself, to bring "first-timers" into the establishment when we're told to go away because "we've been slow".  I'll still continue to come in, but I'm going to find it real tough to recommend this place to friends if they can't get served during " posted business hours".Ǿ
We visited the new Jimmy's location on 1/24/15 and were very disappointed. We had a party of 8 and had to wait approximately 1 hour for a table even though they quoted us 30 minutes. The larger parties were not moving along quickly and we should have taken this as our hint to get out but we stayed to try the food. We had visited the old location twice and it was just okay but we thought we would give it a chance. My husband and I are born and raised in Chicago so we were hoping for a good experience. The waitress was not very friendly and the food took over an hour to come out. We had no silverware and were told they were rolling it? A drink spilled on our table and our server told us she would get a towel and never came back. We sat and held the tablecloth up so it would not spill in someones lap and no one seemed to care. The food was not impressive at all and the rapini pasta dish could have been used as floss it was so tough. The pasta had no garlic flavor and just tasted like boiled noodles in warm water. The restaurant is also not utilizing their space very well. There were wide open spaces where tables can be placed to make a better use of the get more people in. However, if the service and attitude of the staff stays as is you won't make it long here. We were hoping it would be better since we live right next door but we will visit the other local mom and pops and hope for better service and food.Ǿ
This is based on the bar only, no food.  We stopped in here after an event at Chandler-Gilbert Community College.  I had a cider, and everyone else had beers.  It seems like they have a good selection of beers, but I'm not a beer drinker.  Lots of TVs if you are in to watching sports.  I have not tried the food.  Good service, overall nice atmosphere if you are looking for a drink at a sports bar like place.Ǿ
Service was SLOW!  We waited over 40 min and the place was not even that crowded.  When the food came it was very low quality.  Tasted like rubber and sodium.  I noticed others around me were not enjoying their food either.  My girlfriend only took a bite and was unable to finish.  I expected the food to be cheap and low quality because thats the kind of place this seems to be but it was worse than I thought.  It is cheap so if you are poor then this is your place.. just dont expect to enjoy it. I will not be returning.Ǿ
Stopped by for take out last night.bar was busy restaurant was mostly empty.  Waited for help at reception desk and was pointed to take out counter place order.  Very busy corner to place order with no area near it to wait.  10.95 for a undersized salad with  mostly cheese two plum tomatoes light on the meat!

Second time this place and last.Ǿ
Dont know why such low stars! Best thin crust pizza, loaded with topping Ive had around town. Our waitress was the sweetest most attentive weve had in a while, 2 small kids with us and she was so sweet with them! We will definitely be making this a regular!Ǿ
We ordered food to go, thinking this was going to be an amazing experience.  I was so wrong.  The parking lot is always busy which lead me to believe this was going to be a gem of Gilbert.  Placing our to-go food was not difficult-everyone was pleasant and nice.  When it came time to pick up our food- we were waiting forever.  I understand that the patrons in restaurant were waiting as long as we were, but I was never offered something to drink while we were waiting.  If you order to-go and it is not ready you are forced to stand in a major traffic area that the staff uses.  I was constantly having to move to allow someone to walk by.

When we finally received our food and were headed home to enjoy the feast that smelled wonderful...I was let down.  Our food had no flavor.  From the salad--no flavor, to the pasta which seemed to taste out of a bottle.  I was not impressed, at all.  I ordered pizza for the kids and they thought it was like peter piper's.  Which I personally think is gross.  I will not return here as the food was nothing memorable.Ǿ
If there were negative stars this place would get it. Horrible Service!!! I don't think it was our waitress but that kitchen was a mess.  Orders came out wrong and out late. My wife's plate first followed by 18 mins for the rest of our party.   Wine was wrong. 2nd glass. Was fair.  The manger never came out to apologize. Seriously???  Last time for me. They were out of Shrimp on Friday night???  Wow.  This place needs to get it together.Ǿ
This place is going to be detrimental to my diet. We stopped in last night to check it out and it was fantastic. Service was great and they even have my favorite dish veal parm. There is a golden tee and a pretty good beer selection. The best part is it's a bar.. you can cheer for your team and have a good time without being looked at like your crazy or being asked to leave. We will definitely be frequenting this spot.Ǿ
Not happy with Jimmy's tonight.  Came in to make a toast to St. Patrick and they are out of corned beef and cabbage.  Plan ahead please.  Already have to beg my husband to visit Jimmy's because of high prices and spotty service.  Tonight may have been the nail in the coffin.  Not very busy and it's St. Patrick's .....please make sure you have plenty of the special you advertise.  Huge bummer when I'm trying to make this our regular neighborhood place and we bring our friend and family.
Unfortunately, I also need to add that Jimmy's charged us a higher price for our canned Guinness than what was advertised on Facebook.  Not the first time this has happened.Ǿ
The food is OK, but nothing special.  We had a chick parm entree and a spicy Italian beef sandwich.  The prices for food seem a bit inflated.  The service was OK too except our server knew very little about the menu or the happy hour offerings.  The place was not crowded at all on the night we visited.  My real complaint is with drink prices.  I ordered a pint of San Tan draft beer which had a price tag of $7.75 when the check arrived.  I can get the same beer, same size, at several local restaurants nearby for $4-4.50.  So my suggestion is to put those prices on the menu if they are going to be that outrageously high.  That is absurd and the waitress seemed embarrassed when I questioned it.Ǿ
so after a long week my husband and i decided to try something new.  we stopped here at jimmys of Chicago  gilbert. i wanted a combo of two different dishes in one because im picky like that.  the waitress had no problem, she went and told the cook what i wanted and he made it happen. this was amazing food, good prices, great service. we will be back to try the rest of the menu.Ǿ
Love this pizza. Coming from Chicago I am very picky when it comes to pizza. Jimmy's has never let me down, always fresh and tasty. Staff is always super nice and welcome me back each time I stop in. Delivery is great, very fast and hot when it arrives. Want a good pie, try this place, you will be hooked.Ǿ
Here is a follow up to my earlier review. So the entire dining experience took 2 hours. Walked in at 6:10 and left at 8:05. The food came at the 1 1/2 hour mark and was only ok. One person at the table ordered a salad with his entree and that took 45 min. to make it to the table even though he had canceled it 15 min. before it came, I guess they still wanted to get the sale because they still charged us in the end for it. While having plenty of time to observe, I noticed a manager/ owner standing around talking with a waiting customer/ friend for 25 minutes. I guess instead of jumping in to help get the process moving faster he thought that was more productive. I definitely understand trying to find your groove in the new place, but after being open 10 days nobody should have to spend 2 hours trying to get something to eat. Once again after having plenty of time that night and talking with other tables that had plenty of time also, it sound like other people didn't like the idea of waiting that long to eat either. To be fair, I will try it one more time because I believe everybody deserves a second chance, but as always, first impression go a long ways.Ǿ
YUM!!! Had only been to the old location once and remember it being...eh. Came here tonight because we saw they had patio seating, and being so nice out wanted somewhere to sit outside. They have 20+ beers on tap and a happy hour to boot. We tried the Dunkelweisen beer....SOOO good!! Tried the pizza, calamari, pasta x 2 and a few beers. Pasta sauce could use a little more Italian spice, otherwise everything was A++. Plenty of TVs to watch any games on. Josh was our server and was awesome. We had kids with us and he was very accommodating to us and them.  Will def be back again.Ǿ
Came for dinner, staff was kind. PLace was spacious with lots of televisions for sporting events. Menu looked to have a variety. We ordered the Gorgonzola Alfredo with chicken. There was no Gorgonzola flavor to it. Due to the time ( almost closing) and our schedule we just paid for it and left. We also got the stuffed mushrooms which stated they were stuffed with sirloin.... That should state ground sirloin. We were led to believe otherwise. My friend also got a raspberry tea which was a tart green tea, she didn't drink yet we paid for. I called and spoke to a manager the next day who acknowledge there were Kitchen staff changes yet offered no service recovery. Our check was over $50... I am not sure ill be back considering...Ǿ
This place has a great "neighborhood hangout" feel with local regulars! Full bar with great beer choices. The menu is Italian inspired with a good variety. There are at least 10 big screen TVs for sports watching also. Prices are very reasonable.Ǿ
A very friendly place where patrons like to drink and eat.  Several Tv's to watch and you can eat at the bar if you wish.  The food is Italian, so you can have your Pizza, Chicken wings, or any Italian dish of your choice.  The service is great as we never had to look for our server or bartender.  If you want fun and casual dining, this is the place to go to when you are in Gilbert.Ǿ
What an embarrassment!!  If wanted cold food, I would have ordered an ice cream!  If I wanted tasteless food, I would have order water. The food will go down as the worst I've had since moving to AZ four years ago. The food was bad enough for me to go out of my way and download this app just to leave this review...yes, that's how you know I won't be back. Tasteless tasteless tasteless. Let's just say I returned my food and gave the server the balance on the gift card, since I won't be back. If I were to win a lifetimes supply of their food, I'd give it back bc I wouldn't want my own reputation tarnished by giving it to someone else for them to experience. Read the reviews on their previous location and they had some bad ones there too. I fear that the only good ones are from their friends or regulars who have grown to become comfortable with the place. Basically, this restaurant does not deserve anymore of my time, money or review....Ǿ
I don't know what happened to this place.  I had cheese ravioli and the sauce is literally just tomato paste!  No flavor what so ever!  The bread was stale as well.  I used to love the food here, but it has really gone downhill.Ǿ
I took my 9 year old to Jimmy's for a date night.  We wanted to try it and there was a Groupon for it.  I was honestly very surprised the rating was so low.  We had a really great experience.  We were seated right away and everyone was very friendly.  The service was really great as not only was our waitress checking on us but it seemed to be a team effort as other waitresses also asked about our drinks, etc.  The food was delicious and fresh!  The mozzarella sticks were the best I've ever head.  The breading is light and really yummy.  We also shared the side ceaser salad and again it was delightful with the thick flakes of Parmesan.  Our main course was the thin crust pizza.  We did half ham and half pineapple.  It was the best thin crust pizza I've ever had and they don't skimp on the cheese either.  The ham was a little spicy but other than that, wow pallet pleasing.  I would highly recommend you check this place out as it's a diamond in the rough.Ǿ
We were about to head over to native New Yorker for wings, but the retail lady suggested that we go and try this place out. Figured we were not too far away and I have to say, I'm glad we did! I noticed lot of people are combining about their service, but I didn't think it was that bad. Wings were delicious! They grill them so it gives it an extra kick. I'm definitely coming back again!