This is not the best restaurant that I have been to the food was salty and the dessert was so big we couldn't eat it all and the food was done very sloppy. We came here on a Sunday night and there was nobody in the restaurant at all. We ordered 2 hot chocolates and somebody spilled it all. Then there was the soup. We ordered the french onion soup and it was horrible! I'm going to stop you there because the rest is the same. Way to much salt on some dishes and others were extremely bland.Ǿ
Terrible food. Straight from a Sysco freezer truck to the deep fryer to our table. 
Nothing fresh at all. 
The waitress tried getting us out as fast as she could even though the place was empty on a Wednesday night at 6 pm.
Had the lime aid and was not aware that refills were not free.
Barely one star!!Ǿ
We just had dinner at Applebee's. The food was good for the money server Lauren was was good. good experience much improved over previous visitsǾ
Holy Shrimp - I'm not sure if it's becuase Mardi Gras or because we're coming up to Lent, but there were 6 "new" shrimp options on the menu.  I didn't eat any of them, & this place was really no different than any other Applebees (except that someone opened the door upon arrival & closed it behind us).  They also had a nice touch to the "shamrock MD purchase" in that they advertised help for 1 specific boy & had pictures of him on the wall.Ǿ
A trend in reviews and comments I have heard in the restaurant.....bad food.  I like Applebees as a chain, but I've decided to not go to this one any longer.  I've had a few meals here with friends and family.  Almost always a meal is sent back because things are under or over cooked or very bland.  Cold shrimp, soggy fried shrimp and stale items on salads are just a few reasons I won't go here again.  Also, my last visit we did not send anything back to the kitchen, but two tables around us did.  Just not up to the standards that Applebees should be expecting.Ǿ
I only go to Applebee's for the less than 550 calorie meals.  The asiago peppercorn steak dinner is my favorite.Ǿ
We arrived February 11th at 6:00 and despite a moderate crowd, we had to wait a few minutes to be seated.  Not a big deal at first but turned out to be a good indication of what was to come:  server took awhile to get drink orders, and every step of the process was abysmal!  Waiter seemed to be totally inexperienced!  :(   soup finally came out cold but my wife had to walk it back because waiter never came to check on how it was!   And we had to ask where soup was cause it was supposed to come before the dinner.   Even getting the check was a hassle.  My wife had to find the waitervto get our bill!   The experience almost ruined the night for taking so long and ended up at McDonalds for coffee and dessert instead of here.   Food was otherwise not too bad.  Tomato basil soup, on 2nd try, was at least a full bowl (1st was maybe half full in small bowls) but tasty.  I had 550 cal sizzling chili chicken, (very small) side order of rice and beans which was at leasr cheap and wife had low cal chichen dish which she said was ok other than not liking how broccoli was cooked (too much of the garlic seasoning).  All in all: $50 was grossly too much to pay for the food and even moreso for horrendous service.   It took over an hour, maybe hour & 15 minutes!   STAY AWAY at least for dinner.   My wife works in Solon and has enjoyed quick lunch service at this location.Ǿ
I dislike this restaurant more than I like it. The one time we went there the food had way too much spices that it was way to salty. It tasted like microwave food. My kids ordered a hot chocolate and the hot chocolate was flowing out of the cup. There was not many people because we went on a Sunday but there was only 3 waitresses around and they all left us alone except when they were taking our order and serving our food.