This family owned place has the BEST egg foo young!  I LOVE the owner's daughter, Ivy.  She is so sweet and helpful.  I really like supporting local places like this that treat me well.   Definitely give this place a try.  No MSG, which is a HUGE plus for me.笑
I would give 4 stars for good quality except that SEVERAL times the veggies, especially the zucchini, has had an overwhelming pesticide or hairspray taste which scares me.  My husband and I both think they may be using an industrial cleaner on their pots and pans instead of one made for food prep.  If that isn't it then I am not sure what it is.  We reported this to the American delivery driver but he did not seem to give it much credence.

Too bad because they offer some of the most well prepared Asian food in the area.  I wish they would fix this problem!笑
The good: The staff was very nice and friendly and the prices were very affordable.
The bad:  The restaurant was a little dirty, and the food was not what I was expecting. I ordered the lemon chicken lunch meal,the chicken had a weird texture and off flavor. The fried rice was not fried rice....it was white rice with soy sauce covered all over it. It didn't taste bad but was not what I was expecting.
I tried this place because it was recommended by a co-worker, but I will not be a returning customer.笑
The food is good but you need to demand your bills. breakdown of orders are somewhat vague. We just felt we are somewhat overcharged. I'm so hesitant to visit this restaurant even though it's near us.笑
A rather unlikely location for "new" Asian fast food (in Sun Lakes??), but Asian Grill is a real find. Wonderful lettuce wraps and probably the best hot and sour soup we've found in the Valley.笑
DELIVERY IN OCOTILLO!!!  ALAS, A BUSINESS GETS THAT I WANT FOOD BROUGHT TO ME!!!!

This place is quick, the food is predictable and good tasting. VERY large portions, I recommend splitting but the food does reheat very well. 

We have had the lo mien, teriyaki chicken, beef and broccoli, crab wontons, egg rolls and spring rolls, sweet and sour chicken, ALL WONDERFUL! 

They give you lots of sauce, which is awesome. They don't skimp! 
Best of all, they are one of the only places around here who will deliver anything besides pizza!! Glad they left a menu on my door!笑
Excellent Chinese food!  Great place for lunch. The service was excellent and the meals came out quickly and exactly as requested. The place was very clean. It is an easy place to come for handicapped. They also deliver which we know we will do.  We took a menu home. We will come again.笑
All I can say is that we will never order from this establishment again!  I called ahead and ordered for a pickup and my husband stopped on time on his way home from work and stood at the counter for 10 minutes and no one acknowledged him. So, he walked out.  I called and spoke with Asian women and she could care less about my complaint.  If she was a smart business women she would have offered us a free delivery or something to resolve our frustration.笑
Very polite and prompt service and decent prices, but food quality was comparable to Panda Express. I would have given them 3 stars except they don't know how to cook rice! I have yet to find one great Chinese restaurant in the entire valley! There's great Thai, Indian and Mexican food here, but no Chinese!笑
I have been searching for the best Chinese food in Chandler.  I've tried several, but most foods on the menu are too sweet.  I was searching for the kind of Chinese food I had as a girl in my hometown of Hanford, CA.  The chow mein was in a white sauce on top of crispy noodles.  I've heard it called NY style.  Asian Grill, in the Basha's shopping area, on Riggs Rd, almost has it right.  They will make any of the chow meins with the white sauce, only they put the crispy noodles on top rather than under.  I usually bring a ziplock bag of my own crispy noodles to add more.  Their egg drop soup is the best I've ever had and the fried rice is wonderful.  I've never had delivery to the house so can't comment.  Asian Grill faces Alma School rather than Riggs Rd.笑
Great food for a fair price... Like NJ delivery in AZ!  Delivery guy is great.  Go with the King Pao!笑
Excellent food, I had the pepper steak with wonton soup, brown rice, won ton, egg roll and ice tea, all excellent all for under 10 bucks笑
We've ordered several items from here and everything we've tried has been good.  We live a little outside of their delivery area, but they've accommodated us and yay! Delivery!  The food arrives within 45 minutes or So and is still hot.笑
If I could give them a 0 ratings I would!  They are so rude! I'm not one to leave bad reviews.  I am highly outrage with how we are treated ever time we ha e visited this place. We have been here 4 times. And every experience was horrible, but we have them the benefit of a dought that everyone has a bad day,  maybe we just came in on the wrong time. But that is no excuse. And I have a big family 24 of us. Go to eat here because the food is descent.  And when we order out they give us the wrong order over charged and didn't want to reimburse us of our money! And wanted us to bring the food back the next day and give us the right meal!  Like okay so what is my family going to eat tonight? We just put down close to $200 I'm food. Like come on. So we will never be eating here again! No customer service at all! And I know because we have a resurant our selfs and we like to support our local  restaurants.  Very disappointed. You can all can make the choice to go or not. But just know we have given this place multiple chances to show us excellent  customer service. And they have not shown that generosity to us.笑
The best Chinese food in town.  I eat here once a week.  Delivery is a little slow but just call an hour before you want your food.笑
Since our favorite : Golden Canyon closed we haven't found a restaurant with the same quality. 

I did a Yelp search and came across this place! Jackpot! There hasn't been a dish that we've ordered that doesn't taste amazing! High quality and full of flavor. Let's talk about the prices! Easy on the wallet. 

Since we first started ordering (the place is small and usually semi filled at night- super casual), we always call in a pick up order. This place is located in a tiny shopping center in Sun Lakes. The owners/ staff are always nice and accommodating. 

Bonus: Lunch specials are a great way to try more than one dish- you can't go wrong with General Tsaos Chicken and a must is the Hot and Sour Soup!笑
We ordered online which was convenient,  but were disappointed that it took over an hour for the order to arrive.  The food was delivered warm and tasty. We especially enjoyed the lemon chicken and vegetable egg roll.笑
We're new to South Chandler and back in Los Angeles, we had some amazing Chinese restaurants, especially in China Town. We've tried almost every Chinese restaurant south of the 202, and by far, Asian Grill is the best we've found. Food is consistent, not over seasoned, and actually puts heat in their dishes marked with a little red chili pepper icon.

One of our go to dishes at any Chinese Restaurant is Orange Chicken and General Tsao's Chicken. Every place we tried in South Chandler served chicken coated in mushy batter. No texture or crunch. When we tried these dishes at AG, the fry on the batter was perfectly crips, even on delivery orders. 

Their noodles are cooked al dente, vegetables still have snap and haven't been cooked to death, fried rice doesn't skimp on the protein or egg, unlike a lot of the other places.

If you're looking for a fancy, upscale Chinese restaurant, this isn't the place. This is good old mom and pop Chinese food. Portions are good size for the price too.

Give it a shot. You'll be pleasantly surprised.笑
Their food has been ok for delivery, and we love our delivery. But even that won't cover bad costumer service!!  Tonight was the last straw, and it was a pick up order.   If their food was great, I would suck it up, but it is no where near great to deal with rude. Better off sticking with Pei Wei.笑
Standard Americanized Chinese food here.  I don't see what people are getting so excited about.  I have been to this place over 10 times the last 7 months or so.  The food has never been bad but its never been great as far as I am concerned.

This restaurant is really the only Chinese restaurant in the Sun Lakes area.笑
The worst! Ordered delivery, paid on the phone. Got  my address wrong, phone number wrong. called back the wrong customer who told them it has been picked up. Waited and hour and 20 minutes and would have had no idea had I not called .笑
The food is excellent and the delivery service is outstanding.  They handle everything with a smile. We've eaten our way through the menu and haven't found anything that wasn't good.笑
This place surprised me, the food is pretty great.  I ordered takeout, and arrived to find a huge line early on a Saturday afternoon.  Once I got the food home I learned why.  This is the best Chinese I've had in Phoenix for sure.  Everything seemed quite fresh, and was closer to the type of Chinese food I am used to (coming from the Northeast).  Not bad at all.笑
Stumbled on this place last weekend.  What a find!  Food was fabulous.  Fresh, fresh, fresh!  Cooked to perfection.  Sauce was outstanding.  Everything home made and perfect.  Can't wait to go back!笑
Holy crap! This place is awesome! I was at work and decided to place an order for take-out.... Which is really convenient since it is about a 5 minute drive up the road. I am all about garlic chicken, and decided to order their lunch special. Only $5.75 for a whole lot of food! I went in to pick up my order and was greeted with a warm smile... It was as if they already knew who I was. My order was ready immediately... And it was delicious!! This place gets 5 stars for their amazing service and for the food! I will be back soon :)笑
I have never been disappointed. Their food is sooooo tasty and more importantly, fresh. This is THE only place I order Chinese food. You can put your egg drop soup in the fridge and unlike other places around here, you will not find a cup of oil the next day...still soup! We have ordered several combinations, all have been good. No problem if you order sauce on the side. Egg rolls, delish! Give them a try. The delivery is fast and super nice.笑
We have tried every Chinese delivery in Chander over the past few years and have found them all to be barely edible...and we aren't picky eaters. Honestly, fellow Yelpers, we even didn't like the one's you gave 4 stars. Where's the flavor? We tried Asian Grill delivery tonight - wonderful...delicious! We finally found excellent Chinese food delivery in Chandler!笑
Primarily a take out restaurant with some seating.  The food is fresh and you generally do not have to wait a long time for your food. The food is good and tasty.  I've had a number of their dishes including the orange chicken and Mu Shu pork, pork with vegetables and pork in garlic sauce. All were well prepared.  I've also had several of their chicken and sea food dishes.  The sea food dishes have been good but not as good as some I've had at other restaurants.
Definitely a good place to pick up take out food.  If the ambience were nicer I would rate it higher.笑
Great food. Fast delivery; not sure how they delivered so fast, but delivery driver was awesome! Food was super hot. You HAVE to try the Coconut Shrimp.笑
Great Chinese Food. Fast Service. No MSG. Large portions, reasonable prices. We go here often and they are busy but you get waited on fast and you get the food fast. Best Hot & Sour Soup and General Tso and Orange Chicken around. Would highly recommend.笑
I discovered this place years ago and came back finally for some take out. The food is still as awesome as when I started coming here! Yay. I ordered the General Tso chicken and it comes with white rice. Portions are generous and pricing is reasonable ($8.50 ish before tax). The lunch specials are awesome here too! Check out this local Chinese joint! The young man who helped me was very sweet, as well. More kudos.笑
OMG! Best crab rangoons i have ever had. I am from Chicago and i was visiting my mom. She recommended the place and i was thoroughly impressed. In Chicago when you get crab rangoon there is like one squirt of filling and the rest is the fried dough. Here they are filled to the max and utterly delish! The veggie lo mein was pretty good.

Service was fast and friendly.笑
Great Food, Great Prices, and Great service. They even delivered during a monsoon storm that started after we placed an order! Would definitely order from here again!笑
Went here this past weekend while visiting sun lakes.  Worst idea we had all trip.   The family that owns and runs it must work hard because they were all there and the place was busy.  The food is just not good.  We got Coconut Shrimp, Orange Chicken, Pork Fried Rice, and egg rolls.

Orange chicken is soggy and pork fried rice was gamy...  The pork was super overcooked and gross.  My brother and I both had half of a plate and called it good...  We were rummaging the cabinets an hour later but neither of us could stomach the idea of more of this gross food.笑
Yeah, I know.  Sun Lakes?  

Being that I work relatively close to this area, I'm no stranger to the lunch menu at Asian Grill.  My 'ol standby is the Spicy Honey Chicken.  Sesame Chicken is good as is General Tso.  Is that the trifecta of standard Americanized Chinese chicken dishes?  If so, these guys are cranking these items out perfectly.

It's good to note, and they do so on the menu, that Asian Grill only uses white meat when it comes to chicken.  No mysterious dark parts.  For some reason, I find this reassuring.

Lunch specials will run you about $6 plus a cup of hot tea for fifty cents or so.  It's not spendy at all.  

I'd agree with the only other person who reviewed this place that the hot and sour soup is truly wonderful.

Small place, somewhat cramped seating but it's rarely over capacity when I visit.  It's a good place to not be seen if your operating on the down low.  Very incognito.  On top of that it's right next to a Bashas' so you can pick up whatever you need, if you need whatever.  Ha.笑
Wow! We usedYelp review to find this yummy place. It was better than we expected. The food was delicious and the brother and sister team were very friendly and hospitable. The price was very reasonalble too.笑
Five stars for service! The lady taking my order was was so sweet. It was my first time in and she helped me choose what to order. I really was craving chicken stir fried with Asian veggies, and rhat is SO hard to find!  The chicken with vegetables was very tasty and had a great selection of veggies. Will definitely be back!笑
This little gem always delivers.  What it lacks in ambiance, it delivers in pretty decent food that is fresh and flavorful. Prices are great and service is always with a smile. We typically get take out when the craving strikes.笑
Great food and excellent service. The entire staff is personable and ensures that you are taken care of. They are so sweet to my son when we eat in - they even give him an extra fortune cookie! Prices are very reasonable for the amount of food provided. You can dine in or take out. They can accommodate large parties. We've tried just about everything on the menu - so order away and enjoy!笑
Went for the first time last Friday night.  Called in the order and picked it up.  Got home to find our order was wrong.  Called to let them know.  They don't ask for your name, go off your caller ID phone number.  The same guy answered when I called back.  Put me on hold, came back and asked if I wanted  to come back and get the correct order.  I said no.... I live on Riggs and Gilbert....too late.  He said next order for Sweet and Sour Pork was on them and would note it since that is what they screwed up on.  Called tonight 4 days later and the girl that answered said they do not "do that".  Meaning stand behind their screw-ups!  No body is that good.   Really????? Then she told me I had never ordered before!!!   Really??   I used the same phone and gave her my phone number TWICE!  Potential steady customer and that is their stand????   I agree with all the other frustrated Yelpers.   By the way,   I was ordering 2 entrees and 2 appys.   Not "looking for free food".  She already had my order for the rest.  Never again will I darken their doorstep.笑
Delish!!!! My fiancé and I wanted to try a different Chinese food joint (our regular just wasn't doing it anymore) and this place was great! The staff was very kind, food was satisfying, you get your bang for your buck here.笑
I am Chinese.  To get a OK, 3 star from me is not a bad thing.  Dishes are on the too saucy and too salty side for me, but the portion is generous enough.  Ingredients are fresh.   Good for take out as the establishment is not a fancy place.  I will order from this place again, but ask them to reduce sauce....笑
I've only tried this place once, but have to give it a five for service and food. I ordered delivery online because I'm a lazy hermit. They delivered in about 45 minutes. The delivery guy said that I was actually out of their delivery radius, so I felt bad but they were nice enough to bring me my food to my doorstep anyway. Thanks guys! I have typical white girl food sensibilities, so I'm not into funky dark meat chicken with random connective tissue and such. None of that in sight here -- just fresh tasting white meat, fresh veg, no radioactive-orange sweet and sour sauce. I will definitely get in my car and drive for this food next time! Best I've had in the area.笑
All I can do is compare this place to Seinfeld's Soup Nazi. We just moved in to the area and wanted to get some good Chinese food for the family. I looked on line and found the menu for Asian Grill. They had the typical specials by number. So I ordered by number. when I got the food home I unpacked it and my two Mongolian beefs were Mongolian chicken. I called to complain about the mixed up and was told by the young lady that she repeated the order and I accepted it. I reiterated that I ordered by number so the mistake could not have been mine. I went in a short time later and talked to the owner and explained the situation. Not sure if he understood everything I was saying but the other gals standing there sure did. I told him I didn't want any free food, I just wanted him to understand that she should not have argued with a customer. I ate here two times since then without incident. Good food Good service. Tonight my wife decided she wanted Chinese so I called to ask if they had Peanut Chicken. I was having a hard time hearing the gal on the other line so I said I would call back. I tried to call several time but every time I dialed they picked up and hung up. I thought they were having phone trouble. My wife dialed from her phone and they explained that we were no longer welcome there. My wife chuckled and asked why? The young girl stated that it was because of "what happened at my last visit". As I mentioned we had been there two times since the bad experience. I explained this to the gal and she said that they no longer could service us....NO SOUP FOR YOU!!!...lol What kind of nut ball operates a business like this? THUMBS DOWN for Asian Grill....Plenty of other great Chinese restaurants out there folks...I'll make sure I let everyone I know about how you treat people.笑
HORRIBLE! If you like food, do not come here. We tried, tried & tried this place for years but NO GOOD each time. When I see the 4 star review, I know I have to do something.

The last straw for us is, they would not honor their own coupon that has no expiration date printed.

Yakie!笑
Ordered takeout on New Year's Eve for my wife and I and we both loved the food. We ordered two meals and that was more than enough for the two of us and we had some left over for the next day. The vegetable lo mein was delicious and the orange chicken tasted extremely fresh. The staff was extremely friendly and delivered great service. We will definitely be going back.笑
I like this place for take-out or casual dining. I've had the Kung Pao Chicken, Honey Spicy Chicken, Mongolian Beef, Pepper Steak, Chicken with Vegetables, Chicken Lo-Mein, Hot and Sour Soup, and egg rolls and liked it all. Recommended!笑
Was craving Chinese and relied on Yelp to point me here. A bit out of the way, but I figured I'd give it a shot. It's not like I have many great Chinese options nearby.

Looks like most of their traffic was take-out and delivery, place was empty on a Saturday night. It's a walk in, place your order at the counter and we'll bring it out when it's ready kind of restaurant.

Won Ton soup was good, as were the egg roll, crab rangoon and pot stickers. I'd rate them as average, nothing more but definitely not less.

Main dishes were honey chicken (son had them leave out the spice), Teriyaki Chicken (daughter wanted this with dark meat), Mongolian beef and Kung Pao chicken and shrimp.

I know the kids didn't really order Chinese, but they liked their meals and I thought they tasted fine for what they were. Kung Pao was good and the Mongolian was ok. A bit black peppery and sweet moreso than spicy.

Price was ok for what we ordered off the dinner menu and we did leave with leftovers.

All-in-all this was a Yelper disappointment for me as the place was rated as if it were a great place and it was merely ok.  If I happened to be in the area I'd do lunch. If I lived nearby and wanted to order out, would do so. But won't specifically head here.笑
Asian grill is a hole in the wall, but a treasure!  Don't expect much of the service. Not in a negative way.  They're quick and efficient, but they aren't there to dote on you! The food is consistently good.  Not too salty and not too heavy on the sauce. I personally recommend the shrimp chow mein, extra extra spicy! I get it everytime.笑
I've only had General Tso's Chicken from this place. I like mine to be crispy with more flavor and the chicken was too to soft and bland. The customer service was great though.笑
We decided to order from here based on recommendations. Not sure if it was because we ordered at 8:00 and got our food at 9:00 (last customer per the delivery guy) but the food was awful! I've ordered from here before many years ago and this was by far the worst! Reminded me of frozen entrees, however those would even be better. We both ordered the Kung Pao shrimp and it was floating in thick sauce and just tasted old, like it had sat out on a steam table all day. Sorry but never again!笑
Always excellent. Have never had a bad meal from Asian Grill.  Food is fresh and prepared properly   Highly recommend笑
This place is great! Placed and paid for my order online and my food was waiting for me when I got there笑
Very good food and the servings are generous and reasonable. The egg drop soup is the best I've ever had and I ate it all. I usually only have about 1/4 in other places. The delivery was great. We highly recommend it!笑
Always excellent! Asian Garden is a little gem! 
This family (the owners) are kind, helpful, hardworking, accommodating & fast, no fluency in English here - so give them a break!
My favorites Chicken Curry, Mongolian Beef, & any of the Soups.
Stop by or call in a order & Enjoy! 
They deliver lunch and dinner!笑
Actually....I would give this place 4.5 stars! Got take out for the first time the other day. The mongolian beef was exceptional, the pork rolls are crispy, and flavorful. The fried rice is made with white meat chicken only, and so tasty! Will be back soon!笑
I've been here before and the food was good. Tonight I'm not sure what they gave me, but it was not what I ordered. It may just the night you go. I will not go on Tuesdays again. Not happy with the taste or the serving.笑
After ordering one general tsaos chicken and a side of crab puffs for delivery 2 hours passed and my food still never came. I called several times and got different stories on the whereabouts of the driver. First they said he will be leaving soon then immediately after that said the driver left 8mins ago. Finally I decided to cancel my order and have my money refunded back on to my card they assured me it would be done my 9pm. Another 2hrs passed and 9pm rolls around still no refund on my card and now they are not answering my calls, Im assuming they are closed for the evening. The next morning I proceeded to try and follow up again about my money still no answer still no refund. Very poor customer service and accountability. Never got a chance to try their food and from my first impression I will not consider it.笑
My wife and I love this Chinese place. It's not to oily and the food is always delicious. The delivery is very fast as well. Great for a night you don't want to cook or go out!笑
Family-owned, friendly, fast and great for takeout or delivery. We order-in from Asian Grill at least once a month, if not more, but have never actually dined at the restaurant, though the tables are often crowded, so our reliance on this great Chandler/Sun Lakes fave for takeout shouldn't stop you from dining in.

The very first time I walked in the restaurant to pick up a menu, a woman waiting in line for her pickup order went out of her way to tell me, "You have to try the hot-and-sour soup; it's the best ever!" That's pretty high praise, as I've eaten in Chinatown in both LA and New York. Turns out, her recommendation was spot-on, which explains why Asian Grill is selling it's amazing soup all year around... even in Arizona during the summer.

Our typical order includes the soup or the equally impressive tempura shrimp apetizer, which are huge (and soooo tasty), the cashew chicken dinner, and the House Special Lo Mein, which includes beef, shrimp and vegetables with wonderful noodles.

We live close, so we often pick up, but their delivery service is free and quick, too. Can't recommend them enough.笑
Warming up with egg drop soup.,tasty. Ordered the Cantonese Chow Mein (shrimp, chicken and beef in a garlic sauce). For three meats, very little meat. Dish comes with steamed noodles (substituted noodles for steamed rice). Some vegetable are crispy, others tiny corn and mushrooms taste from a can. Menu said jumbo shrimp (more like their dwarf cousins). Thanks for reading. The Bike Chaplain笑
Perfect example of a group of people so desperate for Chinese food that they actually eat here and rate this place above a 1 star. 

REALLY PEOPLE?!?!? Explore the world some and learn what good Chinese food is. 

The place is filthy. From the floors to the seats to the tables to the doors to the walls. You are welcomed with the over powering smell of what the...is that the smell of food poisoning??? There is grease in the air. This place is just nasty. 

The crab puffs were nasty and they serve you the dipping sauces in a plastic container for one person yet you have 6 puffs to share with 4 people. 

They have no alternatives to soda other than water. No milk. No juice. They apparently ran out of ice tea....WHAT THE???? Tea is 90% of your business. 

Let's see they also served the appetizers after the entrees and by the time I got the plastic cups of sauce the puffs were cold. 

The meat was animal grade quality grizzle and fat in the beef. Chicken was hacked up with tendons and ligaments. Steamed veggies were steamed to goo. Fried meats were soggy. 

The only thing that was good was the water...perhaps it was the slight taste of tap water chlorine that made it refreshing...it certainly was the cleanest thing in this restaurant. 

Go somewhere else people!!!! I'm going home to  shower and vomit!笑
1.  Super fast delivery. 
2. Very nice delivery guy. 
3. Piping hot food. 
5. Fantastic food. 

Asian Grill has another customer笑
Good restaurant, friendly staff and big portions. Only reason for 3 stars is that I'm a huge sesame chicken fan and recently move to the area, but unfortunately it was over breaded, flavor was decent though. Spicy honey chicken was also good but a little over breaded.笑
this little hole in the wall can really change how you feel about chinese food. all white meat chicken , No fat in their meats, and to top it off no MSG. the owner beautifully remodeled the restaraunt and gave it just a so much fuller experience for dine in. and while the staff can at sometimes be very hard to understand and come off as rude they provide a wonderful meal. and delivery only being a dollar more (2 dollars if your outside their 5 mile range) its very hard to beat. i urge anyone withing a 7 mile radius to give it a shot.笑
Crab Puffs are cheap, a bit sloppy but it'll do if you're hungry. House Lo Mein is the bomb! If you dine here you have a nice view of the kitchen, and it's always clean. Delivery is awesome too. Serving is big. Servers/Delivery guys are friendly.笑
After reading all the other existing reviews for Asian Grill, I think I have a legit sense of understanding towards why this place gets 1-5 reviews (and everything in between). 

Trust me when I say that Asian Grill is a great place for lunch on a weekday. Its not good for large groups, or bday parties, or dinner, or date nights or any of that crap. Its excellent for going outside the office for lunch, eating a good meal and then continuing with your work for the remaining of the day. Its not meant to be a dining experience; its meant to be a dining convenience. 

And let me explain why: You come in, the menu is already at the counter, you select your combo (soup, lunch plate and a beverage for about $5.45) and pay up front. You fix your own drink, you find a seat, blink, and your plates come up pretty immediately after. 
Unless you have super-powers at eating, you box up whatever you didn't finish and peace out - all in about 20mins or so (total in-out). 

With this (hopefully new) perspective, let me justify my 4 stars for Asian Grill. Simply put: the food is plentiful and although a little greasy, great in flavor and quality. The staff is very friendly, the food comes out SUPER fast and the prices are extremely do-able for what you get. My beef dish was very tasty and the wanton soup was hot and flavorful. I won't go into an over-elaborate description of the food look and feel, because y'all know how standard american/Chinese food tastes like: better than Panda Express, worse than legit Chinese food. Done.笑
Best Chinese in the area... There are 3 other Chinese restaurants between my home and this location and its worth the drive every time. Portion size never upsets.笑
We have been eating at Asian Grill for years. The food is always good, The ingredients are top notch (white meat chicken, fresh vegetables, etc). Delivery is always quick and the staff is lovely. SO glad to have Asian Grill.笑
I got delivery orange chicken and lo mein the food here is wonderful I have had it for dining before. The delivery driver Jim was a very nice guy I was very impressed with him he got to our house very quickly and was very polite out the door great employed to have around.笑
Always great service and the freshest ingredients, this place is a local favorite. I love the food and they give generous portions! Lots of options, and good prices. I've been going here for years and never tire of it.笑
Decent food. Nice staff and fast orders. Online orders are a nice option. All you'd want from a local neighborhood Chinese take out place.笑
This restaurant is one of the better Asian restaurants in the area. Their food is fresh and flavorful. I ordered the moo shu chicken, crab puffs, and vegetable eggroll. Their food is so tasty. I will definitely continue to return and recommend to anyone that lives in the area.笑
Looks can be deceiving. It located in the corner of the strip mall in the Bashas' shopping center.  Do give this place a try!  The owners are awesome, and their attention to detail does not go unnoticed.  Fresh ingredients, great taste, definitely a go to Chinese place in south Chandler.   

I have been working my way through the menu over the past few weeks and have yet to find anything that I didn't like笑
Never been disappointed.   Every dish has its own flavor and it is top quality.  We have a carry out one to two times a month.   Best egg fu young in the west.