I can only give my opinion of their monthly Wednesday late night menu, so take this for what it is; I've not been here for lunch or dinner.

Excited to find out about their uber secret, (monthly?) late night ramen gathering, five or six of us decided to make an evening of it. Starting out with one of their Gin cocktails was a delicious decision, and I sipped on it while sharing a couple of items from the menu. I like cabbage and was excited to try out the Okonomiyaki; a grill top  cooked 'pancake' of cabbage, a few other add ins, topped with super tasty sauce, bacon, and a few other items, sans the shrimp cause of an allergy, it is worth ordering again. We shared an ordered a the Goma ramen, pretty tasty, similar to other ramen, but notably better. Unfortunately there were a few hangups with the order, some holier than thou service from the waiter that evening, and issues refilling drinks.

After the meal I chatted with the chef for a minute or two, he told me they were thinking about doing their Ramen menu during lunch soon, but I haven't seen it happen just yet. Overall the experience was fun but that was mostly from getting to watch the chef cook and hanging with our friends!

Happy Yelping Phoenix.笑
Tuesday Nights at Posh is ramen night, and I joined up with the International Supper Club UYE to try them out! I'm glad the ISC choose the ramen night because I have wanted to try it for months! 

I went with the Goma , it had bok choy, shishito peppers, scallions, sesame seeds and char-siu pork, it also came with bonito flakes, nori, leeks and bean sprouts, I also added an onsen egg.  The broth had great flavor, the pork was perfectly cooked and tasted so good, next time I will add more to the bowl, and the egg gave it a creamery texture. The noodles were perfect! This was a great bowl of ramen, the only thing next time I will ask for it to be a little bit spicier, the hotter the better for me. I am already craving another bowl of ramen, soo good!

Service was great and friendly, and we were a big group and they didn't add on gratuity, so always check our bill and add the tip accordingly. 

So don't forget Tuesday nights at Posh is ramen night, and it won't break the bank, with a bowl being 12 bucks, because I added the egg it made it 13, but really that's  a steal, it's a huge delish bowl of ramen!笑
Phillip C who wrote a review below writes the review I would write for Posh.  I agree - 5 stars for concept.  And I'd give 5 stars to some dishes and 2 to others...One dish I had to send back which was a white bean soup - pureed - topped with truffle oil and crushed chilies.  So hot I could not eat it and mind you - I like hot food.  It was also too oily and the consistency of the beans was grainy - not smooth.  

Back to the beginning.  We enter a stark - but nicely lit restaurant and are seated at the last table in the corner - which was great - private and less noisy.  The waitress was great and very knowledgeably about the cocktails...  We then look at the menu which I loved...  Cross off what you don't want and write on the lines below what foods you are allergic to or really can't eat.  I can't eat Okra for instance and must have food light in salt.  I should have thought to write that I can't eat super spicy food.

I crossed off all fish except tuna rare or raw.  I was game for anything else which included wagu beef, escargot, boar etc.    

My husband's soup - Amazing..  Pureed Anaheim peppers and I think Tomatillo's and roasted corn - sublime.  Mine - sent back - bean soup as mentioned above.  I got a salad instead - nothing special.  My husband had the boar bacon on masa cake..  It was fairly good and I had shrimp - not spectacular and a bit dry but the spicing was perfect.  Things were moving along very slowly - I think because there were lots of people there for the chef's menu.  They brought a tomato sorbet which was not counted towards the 5 courses.  I thought it was pretty good but my husband thought it tasted like frozen commercial tomato juice.  I disagree -it was very rich and very tomatoey  (is that a word;-)  

Finally the cheese plate and the fois gras 3-ways.  Outstanding and worth the extra $15 - don't pass on either of these if you can.  The fois gras sorbet was a wonderful surprise by the way!  Excellent and unexpected.  The cheeses were Oregon Blue, a very soft and delicious Epoisses de Bargogne and a firm goat - Sunlight - it was called - nutty and yum.  Now one thing I'd say about that cheese plate is the toasted bread...was way to flavorful and greasy with butter or oil...  It overpowered the cheese big time!   That bread belonged as french toast or gourmet grilled cheese - the wonderful cheeses they served needed a nice crusty baguette to really highlight the cheese.  

Additionally, my husband had the mussels in a wonderful broth of roasted red pepper and tomato puree.. divine!  It screamed for a little crostini with goat cheese on the plate.  

The desserts - Key lime sorbet in a cream puff - texture of the cream puff?  eh.  Not great - Sorbet - wonderful.  Husband had a multi layered chocolate cup and it was good but not great.  

Having said all that...  I will go back and next time 1) make sure there is nothing special going on to take away from the regular goings on...  2) Sit at the bar!!!  
And I have a sneaking suspicion that if you put too many restrictions on your menu - they will not be inspired.  So I'll try to do that.  Although I hate cooked fish... Raw is great though.  Ok - one other thing... This place is so hard to find!  GPS brought us to the front of a condo building with what looked like a half mood driveway to go in and then out of but lo and behold - hidden from view is a ramp down to a parking garage.  Oh - and no spaces but the valet guy held our car and parked it when a space became available.  

Worth a visit if you are adventurous and a foodie.    My husband is not and it was just 'ok' for him.. and he was still hungry after a 5 course meal which by the way took exactly 2 hrs and 45 min.  Be prepared to be there for a while ;-)笑
Had a fabulous meal here on Friday night!  It was creative and so yummy!  I have some dietary restrictions and they were so considerate of me and made sure they stayed away from the things I couldn't have. We had the 6 course meal and each was better than the next!  Service was wonderful!  Can't wait to go back!笑
Visited during restaurant week.  Had the 4 course with wine.  I really liked all of the dishes except for the first which was a salad with a chicken liver paste.  The paste was really pungent? That was the only thing I didn't care for. 

I was there with the wife and some friends we each got different plates so we got to sample a good variety.  I really liked the pork cheeks, hamachi and goat.  I was hoping to get to try the kangaroo. 

I would recommend trying this place but get the 5 course.笑
Improv night takes on a whole new meaning at Posh! We've eaten at Posh before but only for their ramen night so we wanted to see what the rest of their menu was like. This is basically American style omakase, where you leave it up to the chef to choose your dishes for you. You main choice will be how many courses you want served to you. Everyone at my table had the 5 course meal. I feel like it was an adequate amount of food. Had I not been a pig and eaten a lot of complimentary bread I would have been pleasantly satiated after dessert instead of slightly overstuffed.

We were hoping to take advantage of the early bird/sunset special which has discounted prices for the prix fixe meals. Unfortunately you have to be seated before 5:30 and by the time we all got seated a few minutes after 5:30 the discount deal was over. We still forged ahead and went with the 5 course meal for $65 ($52 during the discounted times).

The menu has the selections of main ingredients that are offered and you have the option of crossing out any foods you don't like and you can also request foods that you do want to be put in your improvisational meal. 

We started out with an amuse bouche, a delightful Belgian endive with balsamic vinegar and roasted beet. It was light and refreshing and the balsamic had a nice depth of flavor. For the most part we each were served different dishes so that we could have a sample of each other's courses. My favorites of my 5 courses were the sweetbreads and monkfish. It's hard to find either food on a menu so it was a pleasure to try the Posh version of both! For dessert I enjoyed my selection of chocolate cake with chocolate ice cream and we were given an extra dessert after our dessert, a lemon lollipop.

Service was good and our server was great at explaining the menu concept and refilling drinks. 

Overall each dish was interesting to try, something a little out of the ordinary. The individual dishes themselves weren't really anything I'd seek out and crave for next time though. Also, if we were to talk semantics, the use of the term improvisational is a bit misleading for me. When I imagined an improvisational meal I was thinking that each course would be a beautiful and unique snowflake, a specially designed impromptu dish that no one else would have. Looking at the food served at other tables though it looks like they have a set standard of menu options which they rotate out for each diner, not as fun! I do understand the need to have some sort of standardization though if you are serving multiple tables.

Overall I enjoyed my experience. If we go again hopefully we can actually take advantage of the sunset discount special!笑
I give Posh two stars because obviously the food matters more than anything else at a restaurant, but I commend them for their terrific service and give them the benefit of the doubt that the night we visited was an off night.

For starters, when we made the reservation the night before, we were told we couldn't be accommodated at 7:30, but they could get us in at 8, or maybe a few minutes earlier. We showed up around 7:40 and in this huge restaurant with seating for probably 100, there were maybe 20-25 people. If they couldn't get us in at 7:30, at merely 25% capacity, because "they couldn't provide the best dining experience possible," as they claimed, then I can't imagine how they could ever handle a full restaurant. Regardless, we were seated right away and chose seats at the kitchen bar, to be able to watch the chefs in action. Our server came over and explained the restaurant concept to us and how ordering worked. I won't explain, since many others have already, but we both chose the 4-course chef's choice.

I won't run through all the dishes but, in brief, all of their food with the exception of one fish course and one dessert lacked flavor. Everything from the amuse straight through to the end was so one-dimensional...the flavor profile was so narrow...absolutely no depth of flavor.

After our first course, the manager came over and asked how everything was. We were honest about how bland everything was, and he said, "Let us try this course again for you." They did, and when he returned to see if this was better, we said yes because, at this point, we felt bad complaining about the food any further...but it wasn't.

We were very disappointed with our meal, especially after Seftel's glowing review and the great Yelp reviews. We spent much time speaking with the manager, who seemed to care genuinely about our feedback, rather than just indulging us in listening to our opinion. Posh is lucky to have such a great manager. He explained that he wasn't making excuses but that, due to the nature of their concept, they do have off nights where they look back the following day and say, "That menu didn't really work." He also explained that they don't follow a minimalist or "blandness" credo, per se, but that the chef doesn't want to throw out anything that will scare the diners, since people won't think to put "No sea urchin" on their card when they order. I understand this, but I think people who come to this type of place are fairly adventurous diners to begin with. Not only that, but you don't have to be too wild to give flavor. A little seasoning on the lamb and duck, a nice port wine reduction or orange glaze...give me SOMETHING to excite my palate!

They ended up taking 10% off our bill and I think they gave us a little bigger dessert, thoughtful gestures that further conveyed their commitment to customer satisfaction.

As we were leaving, the manager said, "You know, with prices like ours, we can't really afford to have off nights or people won't come back and we'll be here two or three more months. But I really hope you'll come back and give us another chance." Because he was so nice and because I really want this place to survive and do well, I'd love to give them a second shot. I just don't know if I can justify another $100 meal with the risk of it being off the mark when I can be assured of a stunning meal at Noca or other foodie destinations for the same cost.

I thank Posh for their excellent service, but if the food continues to let diners down, making it right with great service will be no substitute for not disappointing in the first place.笑
While getting new gear for this year's Native American Recognition Days Banquet at the Scottsdale Mall some friends and I suddenly got hungry - we kept trying to tigure out what to eat when I broke out my cell and texted KGB (542542) and asked "I'm at the mall in Scottsdale, AZ. Where is a unique yet nice place to have dinner near here?" Moments later I had my answer "Posh. How do we describe Posh? with two words: Improvisational Cuisine". We were hooked!

I, the ever knowing yelper (yelpita to Thomas S.) have already heard of Posh and threw it on my list of places to try... became uber excited and lead the way. the parking is kind of odd just follow the signs from the road! And valet is free!! YAY!! We would've used it but the guy wasn' there!

We were met by our uber cute server (dang! Forgot his name sorry!) and chose to dine at the counter. They liked it but the chairs were a lil uncomfortable for me. I kept almost falling the whole meal.

I sampled a few wines and chose the rose` for a pre-meal drink. The "quiz" before the meal was different. I'm sure other reviews explain the Posh concept - in a nutshell: there was a short list of protiens, diners are asked to cross out anything they DO NOT want to dine on & then list ingredients they do NOT like or are allergic to and based on your answers - your meal is formulated improvisationally (is that even a word?) 

We chose the 5 course meal with wine (except for our DD) I said that I wasn't feeling the frogslegs and that I was down for anything including throwing an extra $15 for frois gras.

After we turned in our surveys, the chef came and spoke to us. I mentioned his use of White Tepary Beans. Tepary Beans are a staple in our culture and its surprising to hear about it being used in haute cuisine. Turns out he purchases his beans from TOCA (Tohono O'odham Community Action)'s farms which funds cultural activities for the Tohono O'odham Nation... tiiiight! 

On to the food...

There were three of us dining and that'd be 15 dishes!! soooo for this review, I'm only going to be describing my meal.

First was an amuse bouche of Lychee in a light oily sauce. Very good, nice and slightly sweet but a good start. Next came a salad made of cabbage & wild boar bacon (that was marinated over night in DUCK FAT!). The salad was good, small but overwhelmingly flavored with onions. I wrote on my survey that I DETESTED raw and strong onion flavor... so why serve me an onion filled dish?! It was good, which is why I didn't send it back but after a while I couldn't hang and ended up not finishing it; but I LOVED my friend's popcorn soup! the BEST way I can describe it is: imagine watering down grits with chicken broth & adding popcorn as a garnish. 

Course 2 was a lightly fried fluke with sauteed baby bok choi. Very good - extremely light. The wine paired with it was ah-mazing! The panko coating was a little too oily but the fluke was still great! I would have like to have seen it be oil poached. My friend had a stuffed quail that was better than Thanksgiving dinner!! I couldn't believe it was so good, I wanted to switch plates!

3rd course was the frois gras... the apex of a great meal. wonderfully seared and served cold... it was my first experience with frois gras... and it was sweet & delicious. It was paired with a sliced strawberry, spun sugar and a light sauce. ITs paired wine was the sweetest I ever had and complimented the dish perfectly.

4th was pan roasted lamb with some kind of greens. This was a little disappointing. As my friend and i recieved the same dish! WTF? Half the fun of this place should be that everyone at the table recieves something different! I asked my meat to be cooked to medium and this was medium-well (boo!) the sous chef even commented saying that the doneness of the lamb made him cry on the inside... I was like "uhhhhh - then why did you over cook it?!" The dish was good, the lamb tender and the greens nicely flavored, kind of heavy on the bacon/pork fat flavor.

Finally dessert. A chocolate pate` with more spun sugar and blackberry sauce finished my meal. Imagine taking a chocolate truffle and striping it of its semi-soft chocolate coating and forming its insides into a baby triangle and u'd have my pate`! 

As we were playing Rock, paper, scissors, lizard, spock (shout-out to all The Big Bang fans!) over the bill we were given flash frozen lemon custard lollipops (yummy!) and a small bag of cookies and brittle as parting gifts. They were great to nosh on during the giggle-filled ride home. 

Over all - the meal cost over a $100 a person & was VERY good, there might have been a few errors here & there but we still left buzzed & satisified! To my yelpers I say: Its a pretty penny and the add-ons do add-up but if you're looking for an amazing meal & have cash to spare give Posh a try. Just be sure to sit at the counter for the ultimate foodie experience!笑
Came here for my birthday! Loved the food and the wine pairings.笑
I won't be going back to Posh.  

Based on some of the recent reviews here (August-September 2011), I'm almost wondering if the restaurant has switched management or something?  I went there tonight with a friend for dinner, and had a mediocre-at-best experience -- and that's not taking into consideration the injury at the end of the meal!  

While some people seem to have amazing foodie experiences here, we definitely did not have the same luck.  We ordered the 5-course menu and said we were up for anything.  Everything was....eh.  Throughout the night we had some interesting dishes:  kangaroo, sweetbreads (organ meat), snail, mussels, sashimi, duck, etc.  However the flavors were just okay:  most were relatively bland, and a couple of the sauces/dressings were even borderline unpleasant for me.  In general the food wasn't bad, but it wasn't great and ditto for the service.  For what Posh charges, both should be exceptional.

The presentation is absolutely beautiful, and the ingredients are unique, but my conclusion is that this restaurant is more razzle dazzle than substance.  Because the quality of the dishes didn't live up to the hype or price, I felt like this was simply a novelty restaurant, hiding behind a gimmick rather than great food.

Note:  my review above is a fair conclusion based on the meal before dessert, and was not influenced by the story I'm about to share...

TIP/DANGER WATCHOUT:  we literally had an injury (seriously, involving bleeding from the mouth!) at our table at the end of the night!  Our server brought out the final cleanser, a popsicle-type sweet dessert.  It was frozen pretty hard, and as my friend went to taste it, it stuck to a large piece of her lip!!  It was horrific to watch as she tried to pull away but was stuck, just like the kid in the Christmas Story movie!  She finally got it off but was bleeding from where the popsicle stuck.  We immediately dropped the weapons/desserts and alerted our server, who laughed, briefly apologized and said they'd probably been "sitting out too long" and offered to make fresh ones but didn't offer anything else.  We talked with the manager (we also wanted to make sure, for safety reasons, that they properly disposed of my friend's bloody napkin) and he was horrified that the server didn't take care of us and he appropriately adjusted our bill and apologized about the incident as well as for our server not properly handling the situation.  We felt the manager made it right at the end of the meal, but it was a pretty sour way to conclude the evening.  Tip from me to you:  be careful with anything frozen here, and consider letting it thaw a bit before you taste.笑
Overall I have loved my experiences at Posh.  After trying the Ramen I would say that I was not blown away with amazement to my surprise.  Will not stop me from going back for other things though, this place is great.笑
Great concept, interesting food, chef was not in on a Saturday night??? a few of the courses seemed to suffer from imagination(despite putting few limitations on my "menu"), i.e. had standard raw ahi tuna dish prepared like many other places. The kangaroo was quite good and the soups were very good. once in a while place to go with a small group.笑
We went here once during Restaurant Week and had a good time, but this review is for TUESDAY RAMEN NIGHT!

We've been meaning to try it for years (not an exaggeration) and finally made it out this week.  We loved it!  Huge bowls of ramen for $10-15, good cocktails in the $5-8 range and some appetizers.  They keep the menu small on these nights, but the quality is exceptional.  We're really hoping they'll continue these nights even with the new ramen-only restaurant opening in North Scottsdale.  We were always worried it would be super crowded, but it wasn't at all.  Go, go, go!  Support a cool, local project.笑
Interesting restaurant that is hard to review.  Every dish is different and you are brought what you're brought.  However, from my wife and my experience, it was definitely an experience.  For my meal, I had a delicious sweet corn and dungeness crab soup to start (which was my favorite part of the meal).  This was followed by sea urchin with cucumber and cantaloupe (my least favorite course).   I had fluke in a carrot/squash puree (delish!), duck egg on rice, and pork belly on puree cauliflower (very good too).  It is on the expensive side but it is a great experience.  The restaurant was a little on the warm side for me, and since it's a nicer place, you probably won't be wearing shorts or other warm weather clothing, so that's a small negative.笑
Tasting menu sort of place... sort of in the spirit of a Michael Mina (San Francisco) or Per Se (Manhattan). The cost is similar, but, not quite on par with either of the former too. Thought it's not really a fair comparison. 

That having been said however, it's quite good, improved on the spot for you and your table (and if it's not the impression is there that it is). While you do select the proteins (meats) you like and dislike, it seems to be used more as a guide to avoid items you will hate than specific direction to the preparation. Each member of our table received different dishes, despite similar choices. I personally think it's more fun to leave the list open and not know what your eating until after you have eaten it so you approach the food with no preconceived judgment. 

The wines were interesting.  Few if any of the servings were complex or terribly interesting to the nose.   It seemed initially we were on a path of places that aren't really known for good wines, however, interestingly enough the wines were fine, and it was one of the best pairings I've ever seen in which the interaction of the wine and the food was drastically well done and clearly apparent. Too often the wine is an aside to the menu and doesn't interact with it, even in a paired meal. Not the case here the pairing vastly improved both the wines and the food. That alone was worth the price of admission. 

In the photos, servings look smaller than what we experienced... also keep in mind there are up to 12 or 13 courses. If you order fewer courses the servings looked noticeably larger, more courses, smaller servings. We all were quite full from the rich food by the time we left. 

This place has huge potential for greatness if it keeps growing on a path of uncompromising quality and innovative servings that really accentuate the best in flavors of what is being served. 

We'll go back.笑
I also checked this out as someone who would normally not be able to afford this place. I cook for a living so I thought the concept was pretty damn cool and wanted to see it executed since I couldn't quite wrap my head around how do you serve a whole restaurant while making up the menu as you go. I was there later on a Tuesday evening and the place was about half full so I didnt experience the noise problem some have complained about. I reserved "chef" seating so I could watch them work and shoot the sh*t with what ever cook was stationed in front of me. First to explain the concept. From what I can gather the Chef takes the card you fill out and decides what will work for what he has already pre-planned out. Basically there is a menu you just dont get to see it. Everything is set up just like any place Ive ever worked. each station is setup to make about 4-5 dishes. the components of each dish are pre-determined as well. if you have a allergy or dont like something its either taken out of the dish and somthing else may or may not be substituted. Every restaurant does this but the customer gets to decide before hand if they do or dont want that dish to begin with. Next, the food. We had 6 courses with out wine pairing. we drank their craft n/a beverages which were quite good actually. anyways, the first course started off great. I was very impressed with my poached tomato somthin or other. I thought this is going to be a good meal. then came the soft shell crab. good but not amazing, the sauce was the best part. Then came a anduille stuff squid, was actually rather bland. nothing popped for me with that one. Then a north African spiced Lamb. Which was good but I have made the exact same thing in culinary school and wouldnt be suprised if the chef pulled the recipe right out of my old "international cuisine" book. The difference was he used a type of ground lamb patty which had the gamey flavor that some either love or hate about lamb but not the right texture for me. Then came a duck leg dish. It was plain and simple bad. It was just like eating dark meat chicken. The broiler cook obviously had some duck he had been sandbagging all night either in the oven or sitting out because it was super dry. It sucked lets just leave it at that. Then dessert, what the hell it was I dont know but it was fantastic. started strong and ended well but that duck really kinda pissed me off to be honest. In the end the tab was $170 before tip. For the meal I had even at a discount was way too F'n much. I wouldnt go back just based on the price. If I could afford it I would give them another shot cause everyone deserves a second chance right?笑
This place has a cool vibe and an interesting concept. However, only plan on going here if you plan on having 2+ hours for dinner (had to wait an additional 30 minutes despite reservation) and don't go while you are super hungry (waiters were quite slow). The food is just mediocre for the price. . .and 2 out of 6 of our courses were quite bland. The dessert tasted like it was a store-bought sponge cake drizzled with some pineapples. I'm not interested in returning anytime soon.笑
Posh was definitely a unique experience but it's not for everyone. We went for a birthday celebration and had a blast. I was the pickiest of our group but the chef did a great job at accommodating me. My entire group really enjoyed the experience but thought the food wasn't worth the money. We had a near $500 bill for 4 of us (and one of the group did not have any alcohol) and when it was all said and done, we agreed that it would have been better spent elsewhere. The element if surprise was nice throughout the meal though!笑
A business associate treated my husband and me to dinner last night at Posh in Scottsdale, and while I definitely don't believe this restaurant is for everyone, the three of us really enjoyed it.

I think you have to have an open mind and be willing to try new things to really appreciate Posh.  You don't "order" a dinner but rather you cross off of a list of possible dishes the foods you don't like, and make notes about other things you won't (or can't) eat, and indicate how many courses you want to be served.  Then the Chefs get to work and prepare the number of dishes to serve and you won't know what you're getting until they put it in front of you.

The food itself was amazing - small portions - maybe four bites each (I'm not a big eater but had the 5 course.  Four courses would have probably still been plenty, I couldn't have managed 6), but beautifully presented and really tasty.  For example, my two favorite courses were the Wild Boar Bacon served with a polenta pancake and a slice of grilled apple (it was SO good I couldn't bring myself to share any with my husband and friend), and the braised short-rib served with a mashed purple yam compote and baby carrots (which was also so good that I realized by this time that I just had to share it, and both agreed that it was amazingly good).

If there is something on the list of possibilities that you want to be SURE you get to experience, just put a "Yes" next to it.

My only recommendation is that you consider carefully if you want to order the "with wine" courses, which means that you get a 'tasting' of wine with each course, not a full glass.   Great idea if you like to taste a variety of wines but don't generally drink much.  If you do, order the courses without wine and then just order a glass or bottle of wine 'a la carte'.

All in all Posh is a great place to take someone you want to impress, or to celebrate something special, or if you just want a fun experience and don't care about the cost.  It was pricey (very) but worth it, and I would definitely go again.笑
Just ok. The food was different but not exceptional. The wine pairings were too sweet for my taste. If it was less expensive it would have been fine, but for the price I was expecting a bit more. Also woke up at midnight hungry after a 7 course meal.笑
Posh is more about image than substance, but that's befitting for its location in Optima Camelview Village.

My girlfriend took me here for my birthday last night, since we're both foodies (although I'm definitely more hard-core adventurous than is she) and had heard fantastic reviews about this place. But for all the anticipation, it's rather sad commentary to feel the urge to grab a burger on your way home after paying $174 for dinner.

Yes, Posh can be contemporary, adventurous and fun. Service is great, too. But it is also extremely noisy - not from the kitchen as they prep your meal, but from all of the conversation amidst the glass wall-to-concrete floor hardscape environment. Tables are undersized for the dimensions of the plates set before you - did they forget to take into account water and wine glasses and the obligatory tealight candle for ambience when designing this place? I'm not sure how they accomodate orders for a bottle of white wine because there's no place to store a wine chiller - and trust me, if you're paying $45+ for a good white wine, it had better be kept at the proper temperature for the duration of the meal. Thank God we ordered a bottle of red, as a single glass would not have lasted the 2 1/2 hour experience over 4 courses.

The food was fine, but it definitely lacked pizazz - perhaps because our expectations were so high after reading Yelp reviews. I had signed my card with "The crazier the better - I eat EVERYTHING!" expecting the chefs to then create with complete impunity. No restrictions, no allergies, no "I can't eat anything with a mommy and four legs!" bullshit that must annoy chefs by stymieing their creativity. That said, I was less than impressed with the offerings presented.

The amuse-bouche of mango w/chive oil and hibiscus gelee, combined, was the size of a nickel, served on a 12" plate. My salad of watercress, duck confit, and pickled onions, dressed lightly in sesame oil, failed to capitalize on melding their flavors together. Escolar with sauteed leeks and Hatch chiles was by far the most enjoyable course (escolar tastes like any other firm-fleshed white fish). The fact there was more escolar than kangaroo in the third course - about 2 ounces total, served with four small snow pea pods sliced on the bias and two sauteed baby bok choy was a disappointment. Really? Not even a standard 3-ounce portion? My girlfriend had even less with her venison - maybe 1 1/2 ounces in a parmesan broth alongside two baby fingerling potatoes. The meats were cooked perfectly, so kudos to the chefs for getting that right. But overall, it lacked depth of flavor. Dessert was a buttermilk panna cotta with lavendar honey (missed any scent or flavor of lavendar) and a lemon cake with berry coulee. Tasty, but knowing that was the end of the meal left my hunger unabated.

The biggest disappointment was the foie gras brulee with mixed berry reduction. Paying the $15 premium was one thing; receiving a 3/16" thick slice paired with sugar and berries was a total misstep. Who pairs sugar & sweet berries with fatty foie gras? Where's the balance to foie gras's richness?

If the theme of Posh is to have subtle flavors not competing with the main ingredient, then they are a resounding success. I've had much better at Mary Elaine's. Even though this was fun from an entertainment perspective, we won't be coming back to spend this kind of money on showmanship alone.

Four stars for entertainment factor, five for service, two for food, one for having to shout across a table and still having to repeat myself.笑
It should probably be closer to 4.5, but I'd like to support such adventurous quisine in the valley.  Have had some of my best meals in the valley here. But maybe 1 of 10 dishes don't seem to work. It fun though, not knowing what you'll get... could be frogs legs, sturgeon, wild boar sausage. It's one of the places in the valley that I'd bring my ouf-of-town foodie friends to.  Beautiful, stylish space.  

On Tuesday, they now host a Ramen night. Excellent stuffed pancake (wife thought she was back in Japan) and very good Ramen distinguised by the high quality of its ingredients.笑
Went here for our anniversary dinner a few nights ago.  Fabulous place for a celebration.  We have been telling everyone about our dinner.  We were treated like royalty and tried food we never would have experienced without their help.  Everyone needs to have this experience at least once in their life.
They lost one star from me because both of my main dishes were not cooked as I had requested.  Also, it would have been nice to have a few more items on the list that they seem to use quite a bit to give you a chance to let them know you're not a fan (like goat cheese).  The meal was still so good these two things didn't ruin it.笑
Well I have to say, with all the other options in Scottsdale, I wish I could turn back time and choose another.  Let me start by saying that I have waited over a full week to post this review.  Actually, I was not going to post at all, as my friend that went with me posted a perfect review of our "experience" here.  But here goes:

My friend came to town on a Friday night for a girls weekend and we stayed at nearby Firesky.  On a bike trip to breakfast the next morning, we were riding through town when she saw Posh and the "improvisational cuisine" got her to googling it as it sounded like a fun dining experience. (at no time was price a part of the decision to dine there or not.)  We booked one of the later reservations on open table(as they had them available) and also arrived to the restaurant a full 15 minutes early.  We are both professional women with stressful and decision making jobs so any time we have the opportunity to unwind and have fun we cease the moment.  This night was no exceptions.  And so when our "menu card" asked us what our general dislikes were, we didn't see the harm in poking fun and answering, "Donald Trump's hair and Chef Boy R Dee from a can,"  while also giving them the serious answers they needed.  Mind you, I also added that I am an omnivore and like anything and we both upgraded and paid extra to have "Wagyu" beef.  

This is where my issues come to play.  It is in my personal belief that the waitstaff and also the chef were very much displeased by us and may have taken it personally, because we were barely spoken too for the rest of the meal.  We had ordered 6 courses.  NOT ONE TIME were we ever asked if we liked anything at all.  They would come and take plates and replace with the next course.  I would think if you serve someone Kangaroo and you know they highly anticipated having it you would ask how they liked it.  They seemed bothered by us wanting to know what spices were in a specific dish.  And at the end never asked us would that be all?   The chef said goodbye warmly, with a smile to every other table before us.  We were the last to leave.  Not by our choice.  They serve when the food is ready.  So we were on their time.  At the end of the meal the only thing said to us was the waiter coming up and sarcastically asking if we didn't find any of Donald Trumps hair in our food or no spiders.  We left utterly unhappy; during a time that we should have been enjoying our time together at a restaurant we hand chose to dine at. 

Soon after my friend ended up in the toilet for most of the night.  With gastric absurdities that I won't try to make you visualize...cause let's face it, we're all human.  And we've all had our intestines disagree with us at one time or another in our lives.  We didn't want to assume that it was a coincidence but there was really no other place for our thoughts to go as the restaurant staff just seemed to be so upset with us as we dined on their Grouper, Soft shelled crab, Kangaroo and Beef Wagyu.  (by the way, the food was very good) I want to keep this factual. Also, since I'm trying to be very serious and fair, they have a fantastic music soundtrack.  And if you seat dance, it actually makes one of the female staff smile! 

It was in my finding's tonight that made me upset enough, a week later to write this review.  

Our bill came to $241.60 for the both of us.  (again, not the issue)  The issue is that we split the bill in half and now a week later I found 2 charges on my Discover card.  One the night we were there and one the next night.  for $120.80 each.  So I reached out to my friend who said, after checking, that she also had 2 charges.  But one of her charges is being reversed.  So in total, at this time, they got $362.80 from us.   I have called Discover to dispute the second charge.  I would like to think that this is a processing error but my heart says otherwise. And if it was, and error of this sort shouldn't be made at an upscale restaurant.  I feel like I'm having a bad night all over again a week later, because of a bike ride past a restaurant with a catchy name.  

All in all....I will never return.  And if you go. Here are my suggestions: 

1.  Do!--Write with extreme seriousness your likes and general dislikes pertaining to food only 
2.  Don't!--Smile, just nod and wave the plates away
3.  Do!--Take the concept extremely seriously
4.  Don't!--Ask the waiter why he brought you Kobe steak when you upgraded for Wagyu
5.  Do!--Keep your receipt and check your charge 

and lastly, try the Kangaroo!  You'll be glad you did.笑
Had a great time at my first Ramen Tuesday at Posh. Came with my boyfriend around 6PM & it was very empty, maybe one or two other couples & a few people at the bar. We were seated right away & the service was excellent the whole time. I didnt get a glass of wine because there were only 2 red choices  they were $12 & $13. My boyfriend & I both got the Shoyu Ramen & it was delicious! I could barely finish half it was so filling. $12 each, wasn't too bad. I would definitely come back again & try one of the other Ramen variations. 

Also, people complained about parking on here but we had absolutely no problem, there were a bunch of spots reserved for Posh & we got one right up in front by the stairs. Possibly because it was a Tuesday at 6PM?笑
Posh. Wow Josh, you've got a gem here in Scottsdale. Talk about innovative and improvisational. 

On the slow nights, Josh (the owner) will be patrolling the dining room or tending the bar. It's nice to see the chef/owner making an appearance on the floor and interacting with the customers.

Here's the deal. As your server hands you a menu, you begin to check off general things such as temperature you'd like your meat cooked, allergies, and anything that you don't like. Then you choose how many courses you'd like, and the optional wine pairing. The rest is up to the kitchen. Whatever is in season, whatever sounds innovative, it's all up to the discretion of Josh and his staff as to what you will be eating that night.

One of the best things was when my fiancé and I went, we each got a different plate for each course. We had the 5 course meal, but tried each others so we ended up trying 10 different plates. How cool!

Sitting at the chef counter and watching the kitchen prepare your dish is one of our favorite things to do, which is why we elected to sit at the bar where we could watch our meal be created. It was also nice to run into local restaurateur/chef James Porter and his wife Wendy (Petite Maison, Big Earl's BBQ). 

The kitchen staff is keen on presentation and meticulously preparing each plate, and it stands out. The food was cooked perfectly, looked incredible, and tasted amazing. We got to try some interesting dishes, along with some staples. I had a soft shell crab with a chipotle aioli and butter lettuce that was to do die for.  The alligator was great. And I think the most intriguing dish we had was monkfish liver. It was savory, but not too fish-y. Loved it.

Thanks to Josh for sending a couple extra tastes to the bar. Taylor and I enjoyed every bite. It was nearly too much food for us!

Posh also has a great bar menu with twists on some classic cocktails along with an extensive wine list. Be sure to check out their Late Night specials that start at 10pm on Wednesdays, it's a less expensive way to experience Posh.

Not an everyday restaurant, but definitely worth the splurge every once in a while for a special occasion.笑
This is a really interesting place in Scottsdale. My friend was "chef for a night,"  (she provided recipes, but the main chef still cooked) so I have not been on a regular night. However, the chef seemed really cool and the meal I had there was delicious! Everything was portioned just right, and the spices and oils were not too overwhelming but delicious enough. 

The waitress we had the night I went wasn't the friendliest. I would say that's a definite negative. Also the bathroom kind of stunk as well.笑
Tuesday night ramen night!

This place was very busy tonight. We got there shortly before 6pm and although we were seated right away, service was real slow for ramen night.  By the time we left around 7:30pm, i noticed several people were waiting for tables.

It's near the Fashion Square Mall, garage parking underground make it easy to visit this resturant. Plenty of sign around, I found this place no time.

Ramen has four flavor choice. I went with Goma.  Broth was very close to Japanese miso ramen. I didn't try miso as I was told it taste too much like miso soup miso, not ramen miso.  Shishito peppers distinctive smell was trying to fight against ramen broth, althought they added nice spice but I thought they could have picked different peppers to add spiciness to the soup if they wanted.

Noodles were cooked just right, this type of noodles went really good with the broth they had for goma ramen.

I added onsen egg for additional $1. They know how to make real onsen tamago. It's jusst soft boild egg but to master the timing and create just right softness and runny yolk, one really need to know how to cook egg right, and they do here.

Their chashu was also really good as well. They used good quality pork belly for chashu.

I like the decor of this resturant, and clean bathroom is always nice.

Rare to have really good ramen in Arizona but this one is really good. Next time I want to try shyoyu flavor.笑
It was fun, but every plate was very very bland.  I was visiting for a week and decided to try this place based on the reviews.  Absolutely not worth the price.  The Foie Gras was the only thing worth anything in the place.笑
My fiancé and I saw this restaurant on TV and knew we had to visit while in Arizona! The food was truly remarkable!  We Loved the adventure of not knowing what was to come out next and got to try a few different items we normally would never order, like sweet breads and boar bacon!

Our server was Tim. He was very easy going, made small talk, had great customer service, and even took a photo with us as we left. Upon reflection we should have grab a photo of the chef as well, but it looked like he was pretty busy.

The ambiance was very chill. You have the option to either eat at a table or at the counter where you can watch them prepare your meal in front of you.

If you're planning on getting the wine pairing, I'd suggest getting the 5 or 6 course meal. The portions aren't nearly as small as other folk say they are and with the wine, you can get pretty full.  If you're not going with the wine pairings, opt for the 7 course or greater options. You'll have plenty of food!

All in all, we both agreed that we would come back!笑
I finally made it to Posh this past Thursday night for restaurant week. All I am doing right now is kicking myself for not coming here earlier. I really don't know what to add to a Posh review that has not been already stated. Definitely sit up at the counter and watch them cook. Such a better experience than sitting at the tables. 
Here are some of the items I had the pleasure of enjoying. 

Cantaloupe gelee 
Endive Salad 
Pumpkin Soup 
Foie Gras 
Shrimp with some type of tart that I couldn't tell what it was 
Duck Confit 
Kangaroo 
Chocolate Mouse 
Pistachio cheesecake (pretty sure non-bake) 

I will say this. This was my first time trying Foie Gras, and if I never had it again I would be OK with that. Everything else was perfect though, The concept, the vibe of Posh is amazing. Cheers to you Josh. I will be back!!!笑
This is mostly based on the ramen and not their other dishes. And ramen is only served like 4 hours a week. However, I think I found the best ramen in Arizona. I say Arizona because the other places in Arizona aren't that great.

Posh actually gets it right in flavor, texture and other things. I have had ramen in CA, WA, and even Japan. This place at least creates a ramen that let's you know that they know what they are doing.

Is it the best I have ever had? No. But it's pretty darn good. Especially here in the desert. I had the Miso ramen with the onsen egg (it was delicious). The chasui pork was so yummy as well. It melts in your mouth and sort of melts in your chopsticks if you don't hold it right. The flavor of the broth was great. It wasn't watery. You can tell that the flavor is blended into the liquid.

I wish the parking structure was easier to find (I parked at Macy's at Fashion Square) and I wish it wasn't so darn expensive. We are talking about a $12 base price! I guess when you have the good stuff and no one can match you in taste, you can raise the prices a little bit.

Overall, BEST ramen in Arizona as of right now this moment. 4/19/2015.笑
Was so excited to finally try POSH last night with friends and sadly, the company was really the best thing about the meal.  Unfortunately for POSH I had eaten a truly amazing meal just the prior evening at Binkleys so Chef Hebert had a LOT to live up to after that.  Yes, it's exciting to have no idea what you'll be eating as the night progresses, and we were open to trying just about anything. 
Too bad that even after the dinner I'm still not sure what we ate because our server was so brand new (day #4 and her first day was ramen night) that she was very limited on her descriptions.  It would seem that a mentoring system would be best for getting such involved food to diners so they can better appreciate the ingredients and techniques that went into preparing each course. 
Although in general I enjoyed my meal, I have to comment on the over-use of salt on many items served to my dining companions. The fish served was so over salted I'm not sure how my friend was able to finish his plate.  Another problem was food temperature. I get that the 62 degree egg was not served piping hot, but a couple other courses seemed as though they should have been warmer and we're just weren't , possibly due to waiting around for other items to be prepared before being served.  
Lastly, maybe it's time for a change for Chef Hebert.  With an open kitchen it's hard to hide when the head chef looks completely disinterested/bored/tired throughout service.  Probably a reason I felt disinterested/bored/tired by my meal.笑
We love this place! We always go here whenever we come for spring break.
I must say though: don't go to posh if you're picky or not a "foodie." My mom and I brought my sister with us who claims to "hate vegetables" and she didn't like the food at all. But, if you're adventurous and not picky you'll love it. 
Ambience and service is fantastic in addition to the amazing food. Yes, it is pricy but certainly worth it.笑
First, thanks to the offer of AZ restaurant week, $40 for a 4-course meal, I left happily! Second, it could be a bad-luck day that you just wont have food that's as good as your guest on the same table! Last, I'll share what I had!

1. Japanese congee with Japanese Ginger and veggie - a light rice soup-ish dish, a little sour taste from the ginger, just enough to boost your taste buds to keep indulging it!

2. Halibut cheek with greek yogurt sauce and a pesto looking (?) puree - very pretty plate and the fish was nicely done with a light taste, though I wasnt so sure if the two sauces complimented the fish well...still trying to figure it out, hmmm

3. Duck leg confit - the meat was well done, so soft that you don't need a knife to cut (think about the texture of a nicely cooked short ribs), yes, I liked it a lot, just be aware that it was cooked with skin on which adds the natural taste duck fat, but its so fatty that you would still see the extra fat on the skin.

4. Peach shortcake for dessert! Locally grown and fully riped peaches was so good!! Much better than the last dessert I had at different pointe of view...

With three of us on the same table, all 12 different dishes, I have to say mine was the best! :p but this is the beauty of posh, be adventurous and be surprised, you never know what would arrive to you!笑
This was a tough restaurant to rate, since I love the concept and think the chef is exceptionally talented. I didn't have a very well executed meal though. 


Concept: 5 stars. 
I loved being completely surprised with each course. When presented with the list of proteins, I only crossed off frog legs, and only because I had just recently eaten them. I specified medium rare for my cooked meat, and said raw was acceptable.

Bar: 4 stars. 
Very good combination of alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages

Execution: 3 stars because some courses were 5-star outstanding while others were 2-star.
The crudo dish was impeccably balanced between the fish, salt and acidity. It was one of the best courses I've had all year, anywhere. The rabbit, at the other extreme, was cooked beyond recognition...a huge disappointment given my request for medium rare.

Value: 3 stars
Value is the relation of price to quality. I judge value relative to other restaurants in the area. In this case, my benchmark for "high end" cuisine is Binkley's. At the prices Posh charges, I think it's appropriate to expect near-flawless execution. I didn't get execution that lived up to the prices. 

I am hoping my experience was an anomaly and will return for a second chance. In the meantime, I can't fully endorse Posh to my friends and family.笑
First the good: Server was first rate; informed and pleasant. The courses were attractively presented, and the flan was the absolute best I've ever eaten.  My pork was good, not amazing, but but very good However, my watermelon and feta salad had unripe melon, and overall lack- luster taste. My husband had kangaroo, which was so tough it defied cutting. Perhaps its muscles were buff from all that hopping...For hours afterward, my ears hurt as if I'd been to a rock concert. The music was nice, but far too loud to hold a conversation. Chic atmosphere, but  as a frequent diner-outer, we expected much more.  In the innovation department, Kai is still the gold standard. We would advise any foodie to try it and make his or his own decision. As for us, been there, done that.笑
"Wow!", I couldn't help but blurt that out after one bite into the Striped Sea Bass. I have never tasted fish so flavorful with a light crispy layer. Everything was outstanding. Best of all, the Chef and staff were very friendly and didn't mind me taking pictures of every dish as it came out. Best time to go is mid-week between 6-7pm, talk about great, friendly service!笑
We had one of the most memorable meals ever here last month.  We did the sunset discount (get there before 5:30) and left at 9 at night.  We did the wine pairings and they were excellent.  A couple of the bottles turned out to be from the chef's private stash.  Chef Josh stopped by on a regular basis to see how things were going and also sent a couple tasters our way that were amazing.  If you are a foodie, or just enjoy a new experience, this will be totally worth your time.笑
Went here for my brother's birthday and was really excited because I really enjoy going to places that try to step up the level of cooking and use unique ingredients. For the evening we chose the 7 course meal and I opted to do the foie gras upgrade which if you like foie gras, it's well worth it and out of this world. 

The early dining was well worth the price, not only does it give you a significant discount in price, but my family and I were able to enjoy each other's company without having to yell or talk over people since we were the first guests of the night.  We had all of our courses come out in a timely fashion catered to the pace of how we were eating. This place has a great atmosphere and really liked the concept.

Now onto the reason I didn't give this place 5 stars....
When you're first seated they hand you a list of ingredients and ask you to mark off the ones you do not want to enjoy, ask cooking temperatures of meat and fish and leave an area to leave any comments such as allergies. I'm a big foodie so I'm willing to eat everything and didn't mark a single thing other than temps. The one item I was really excited to have were the sweetbreads, unfortunately, I didn't receive a course that had them. There were 5 in our party and we all chose to enjoy the 7 course option thinking that we all would get the same items so we could talk about how it tasted. The first course arrived and two of us received the same items while the other three enjoyed three totally different items. We ended up having to pass our plates around so that everyone could try them and because there are 7 courses, the portions sizes are very small, not so great for sharing. I was pretty disappointed about that, I wish I would have known so that I could have specifically marked which items I really wanted to try. The chocolate dessert wasn't mind blowing like my sister's buttermilk panna cotta, it almost felt like something I could go and get at a lower quality restaurant.

Overall had a great time and the food was great for the small taste I got after having to share plates with the rest of my party because we didn't all receive the same thing. A little tip......make sure you tell them which items you would really like so that you receive it because not all the ingredients on the list are used.笑
I love the improvisational cuisine! My boyfriend and I went for our anniversary and they did such an amazing job of making us feel special! The food is out there, but truly delicious. I went when truffles were in season, the truffle and celery salad was amazing. We sat at the Chef's counter which was such a cool experience! The food is truly artwork here and I really enjoyed that.

If they just did the improvisational cuisine, I would have rated it a four, but they have the ramen night which knocked out another star for me. I love noodles, I love pho, and I love ramen, but I hated the ramen on ramen night. My boyfriend and I loved everything when we dined on the regular cuisine night so we decided to get both appetizers offered. They were not good. I was so sad. The pancake was just a veggie pancake, a bit soggy, nothing special. The broccoli salad was just cold steamed broccoli, we did not finish that and we definitely did not take it home. I did not even finish my ramen and had no desire to take it home. My boyfriend finished his ramen and normally would finish my food or at least take it to go for later, but he did not want it either. Maybe it was just an off night because a lot of other people seem to really enjoy the ramen night, but I have no desire to retry.笑
I wholeheartedly agree with the other Yelpers who have expressed their shock at the positive reviews that Posh has gotten.  While I can't say that anything I had was bad, it certainly wasn't outstanding, excellent, or even slightly worth the $250 that the experience cost my husband and I who are really very adventurous diners (please see my reviews of Razz and ShinBay if you doubt that statement). 

To begin with, the place was incredibly loud, actually to the point that we had to just about shout at each other to have any type of a conversation.  Once we crossed off the few items that we did not want included in our meal (this reverse sushi-style menu seemed bizarre at a place that bills itself as being improvisational and adventurous), it took a surprisingly long time for the kitchen to prepare the miniscule bites of food that we received with each of our 5+ courses.  We certainly weren't famished when we arrived, but were quite hungry by the time we left due to the lengthy duration of the meal and the time we'd been at the restaurant.  All totaled, the quantity of food that we each consumed would be about equivalent to what we would have had if we had each ordered a single maki roll at a sushi restaurant (I'm talking California or spicy tuna, not something fancy and fried here) and the meal cost over $250.  We left and went to another restaurant to actually eat dinner!!!  Despite the fact that it was such an expensive evening, at that point, it really was comical to think that anyone would actually return to such a place for another severely overpriced starvation meal.  I'm thinking this place may become the new dining hotspot with the supermodel "I only eat a piece of lettuce a day" crowd but they need not worry about trying to attract repeat business from those who are seeking a truly satisfying improvisational dining experience.笑
I went to Posh last night. I was alone, and I sat at the chef's bar. I had the seven course tasting ($85) with wine pairings ($60).  The food was presented well and all delicious, and the courses were sizable for a tasting menu. The wine pairings were extremely underwhelming. The pours were pretty small, which is normal for a tasting. But they were nothing special. So I felt a little ripped off on that part. 

Ultimately, Posh is a good restaurant with great service and fun, yummy food. But  skip the wine pairing, and invest in a bottle of wine instead.笑
Posh is a dining event.  Instead of ordering off of a menu, you select the number of courses and note any food that you do not like.  Wine pairings are available.  At this point, I just leave everything up to the chef.  My wife is vegetarian, and Posh seems able to adapt to any dining proclivities.  It is hard to remember the dishes as they are all one of a kind.  My wife and I have been twice.  We had a great experience the first time.  I ordered the six course meal and my wife had five courses.  It was by far and away the most expensive meal I have ever paid for.  The tip alone was more expensive then most meals at other restaurants.  The second time we used a Groupon and received ten courses, although I lost count early on.  It was a long meal.  Both times I had raw fish.  I also remember having sea urchin, and my favorite, the ox tail, on our first visit.  Nothing stands out from our second visit.笑
Beautiful, delicious and daring.  Menu is edgy, especially for Phoenix, and bravo to Josh Hebert for having the courage to bring forward such unusual items as kangaroo, frogs legs, unique uni preparations and various animal cheeks.  While the soups were somewhat disappointing (muted flavors, boring), the rest of the well executed menu more than made up for it.  Truly great experience overall.笑
I wish I would have reviewed this place early on since i forgot most of the dishes our group had. 

The concept is interesting. You don't know what dish you'll be getting next. You pick your course choice (We went for the 5) and check off your likes and dislikes and the chef will surprise you..oooh la la..Moi like surprises..

The friends were a little more risky so their options were more opened versus poor little moi "no seafood or animals I can have as a pet" please.. so that left my options purty slim..lol 

Honestly, the food was decent (I've tasted better braised pork) minus the salad (it was bitter) but I was really really hungry and that made me grouchy and Mr. Anonymous across from me kept sending me In & Out texts so that made my hunger pain strike more! ^^ Other than that I will give Posh another try next time I'm in town for the 5th star (hopefully) and I'll be more adventurous.

Our bill came out to be around $500+ for a party of 5 including wine.笑
The $$$$ Yelp price tag freaks you out doesn't it?  Here's the thing, they've got something entirely affordable going on every Tuesday night.  Don't worry, you can still get their regular menu on Tuesdays.  But if you're looking for something different and more affordable, welcome to Tuesday Ramen Night.  I've been to Posh twice before but I had absolutely no idea they had this.  But just like their regular menu, the Ramen night dishes are phenomenal.

Josh Hebert and his staff have gained a well deserved reputation for being daring with their cuisine and keeping their customers guessing with each visit.  If you're coming here for their typical menu, you'll be wowed by the dishes the staff whips up using just a small set of ingredients as a baseline.  After you select those ingredients, you're at the mercy of the chefs to come up with dishes they think you'll like.  Trust me, they know.  In the two previous visits I've had here, I've been dazzled by the creativity and combinations of flavors they put together.  That said, its definitely a special occasion restaurant as the total tabs can run well into the hundreds of dollars.  One way to avoid these prices is to come here during Arizona Restaurant Week, when they offer significant discounts for their usual fare.  If you don't want to wait for the Restaurant Week discounts in May or September, might I suggest Tuesday Ramen Night?

A little background on this.  Amongst Josh's culinary travels, one of his stops on his journey was Japan, where he honed a number of Japanese cooking skills including (apparently) a variety of ways to cook Ramen dishes.  The Tuesday Ramen menu includes a variety of Ramen noodle dishes, but also some things you wouldn't expect.  

Case in point, an appetizer my friend and I shared tonight called Okonomiyaki.  This my friends is a GIANT veggie pancake topped with shrimp, bacon, dried tuna, and a BBQ and mayo sauce mix.  My friend described it as hangover food on steroids.  I tend to agree, but in a good way.  Great texture and the barbecue sauce gives it a great kick.  For the Ramen bowls, I went with the Miso Ramen.  Smoked pork, veggies, and noodles in a fantastic broth.  And like the Okonomiyaki, huge in portion.  I got through all the noodles and veggies, but there was just too much broth for me to take down myself.  My friend got the Shrimp Ramen with shrimp, scallops, calamari, and scallions.  Super spicy though, so I shied away from that one this time.  My friend was stuffed, but I decided to get a chocolate mochi for dessert.  It was just one ball of mochi but came with some seasonal fruit and whipped cream.  Tasty, but mostly forgettable.  Total cost for the two of us for the Okonomiyaki, two ramen bowls, the mochi, two Japanese beers, tax and tip came to $70 (or $35 for the two of us).

So there you go.  A $$ price night at an otherwise $$$$ priced restaurant.  A really unexpected treat at an already solid restaurant.  I still recommend trying the regular menu when you have the chance (and the money).  But on Tuesday nights, Ramen night at Posh makes for a fun, affordable night out with some great Japanese street fare.  One other thing, sit at the bar.  Watching and conversing with the chefs while they do their thing in the kitchen is culinary entertainment at its finest.笑
Save this place for a special occasion: anniversary, special birthday, to-impress date, Valentine's day...and go ALL out! Posh doesn't have a traditional menu; in fact, they don't have a menu at all. Come prepared with a desire for adventure and a unique experience. I ordered a 5-course dinner accompanied with wine, and that's what I recommend you do.

INSTRUCTIONS FOR EATING HERE:
1. Make a reservation
2. Come with a healthy appetite
3. Budget about $120 per person.
4. Take a look at their list of daily ingredients and cross off anything you know you won't like or have an allergy to.
5. Have an open mind, based on what you select (or cross out) the chief decides what to serve you (personally, this is part of the appeal. It gave me a chance to experience things that I might have otherwise not chosen.)
6. Savor every bite of cuisine and sip of wine.笑
This place is amazing. I went here for dinner with three friends and had the best dinner I have had since moving to Phoenix!  Don't be in a rush, enjoy the atmosphere and definitely do the wine pairing with your courses. I also recommend at least 6 courses so the chef can have fun.笑
Atmosphere is very good but not  delicious. Blah! Don't believe the hype. Not sure what people are thinking when they give this place 5 stars. Seriously, WTF!

The food was weird to all of us. Nothing really made sense. The flavors were just all over the place! 

The servers in this place are seriously underwhelmed to be there. Not sure if they all just hate the management or what but they all seem really upset.

Nothing here was great or even good for that matter. We tried it for Restaurant week and we def won't be back. It's a place that is trying to be something it's not. A bunch of 20somethings in the kitchen throwing things together that might look like fine cuisine but ultimately just ends up being some weird food.笑
In one of the first classes I took at the CIA, one of the instructors was talking about an experience he had at a restaurant, and he could just tell by the food being placed before him that it had come from a happy kitchen. That's how I felt about Posh - it's a happy kitchen, and that translates to the food. Here's a bunch of folks who just love food, and love playing with ideas about food. They work together as a team to bring the best experience they can - that is what a happy kitchen is all about, and it makes for a great experience for the customer. I absolutely loved Posh, and am sorry I haven't been sooner.

Without question, Posh was one of the best dining experiences I've had in a long time. I absolutely LOVE the atmosphere, love the kitchen staff, and love that the kitchen staff are all personable and willing to talk to the customers. Josh is fantastic, and has assembled a great team around him. Even though I have this new rule that I won't give anything 5 stars unless I've eaten at a place enough times to ensure consistency, and to make sure my experience was not a fluke, I would give Posh a 5-start rating on service, dining experience, and ambiance.

Let's get to the food:

All in all, it was excellent. I paid the surcharge for the foie gras, and I'm glad I did. I'm a huge fan of foie gras, and this was one of the better preparations I've had.

The amuse for the night was a popcorn soup, garnished with popcorn and clarified butter. Interesting concept, poorly executed. The soup was over salted. Now, that might have been what they were going for (after all, popcorn is salty), or I might have gotten a batch that was more salty than another since they work in small batches. I don't know why it was so salty, but I didn't like it.

Salad course was excellent. Well seasoned, interesting combination.

Foie gras was amazing.

Loup de mer was excellent, but the garnish was underseasoned - definitely got a kick of hot (from the chiles), but not enough salt.

Miso braised pork belly was fantastic. Some may not like the squishy texture of a braised pork belly, but if you don't mind the texture, the flavor is just amazing.

Venison was very well executed. I liked the huckleberry mole, and thought it was an interesting mix of classic flavors.

The Posh "twinkie" was very good. I think calling it "twinkie" is a disservice to the dish, because the dish was nothing like a gross, disgusting, oily mess that is a Twinkie. This was sponge cake, mousse, blueberries, and just pure amazing.

I hear a lot of people complain about the small portions... but, that's what this dining experience is. It's many small portions. If you hear Thomas Keller talking about The French Laundry, he'll tell you that each course is 2 to 3 bites, but 2 to 3 bites of perfection. That is the concept here too... not large portions. 

It's true that to have a meal, you're going to spend a fair amount of money here, but haute cuisine isn't cheap. I had 6 courses and walked away satiated, and a little lighter in the wallet.

I will certainly be back, but I'm going to have to see consistency first before giving 5 stars. Also, to be consistent in my ratings, I can't give a restaurant at this price point 5 stars when something makes it in front of me that was over salted.

I loved everything about Posh. I'll be back, and I have no doubt that I'll be impressed.笑
One of the more unique dining experiences that you will ever have.  To start with, there is no menu.

You heard right, no menu.

You are given a short list of food items and a pen with the task of crossing off anything that you won't eat.  Then, you select how many courses you want.  From that point on, you are in the chef's hands.  You will receive one course after another, without knowing what anything is beforehand.  You will not have the same thing as others at your table.  The result: a truly memorable dinner.

You can also get a wine pairing for each course, decided by the chef or waiter.  If you are having 6 or 7 courses, be wary.  You will have had a LOT to drink by the end of dinner if you go this route.  (worth it)

My only complaint is that the decor and ambiance is a little too casual for my taste.  Not a huge deal, but you might feel overdressed if you come expecting something more.

I will be returning many times.  This is on my list of places to take out-of-town guests.笑
Went months ago but finally getting around to writing this bugger. While it's a bit on the pricey side, it's well worth the trade-off!  You get to be guided on a culinary safari!  Literally!

  They have had meats from turtle and alligator to lion and a ton of things in between! (The chef, Jeremy informed me of a few meats passed and the list was impressive) And the foie gras is a must! And the wild boar bacon will change your life.  I'm serious. It's all about adventure, giving the kitchen control and being open to try the exotic things you really don't find elsewhere in the valley.

Jessica had us at the bar as we arrived early (thank you waze!) And opted for a pre-dinner cocktail. We were seated promptly after finishing our cocktails, tab transferred to the table (convenient!) And received a "Happy Anniversary" menu!

I couldn't begin to remember the amazing combinations, nor would my descriptions do them any justice.  From amuse bouche to the frozen lollipop finish, everything was perfect.笑
I was excited to try Posh because you write down what you don't like or can't eat and they get creative for you, I've got food intolerances so I was looking forward to a chef willing to cook what I could eat.  So disappointing. Very mediocre food. 

1st Course
Friend: soup, she said it was great
Me: micro greens with watermelon and a "mist of lemon vinaigrette" 

2nd course 
Friend: soft shell crab, which she said was really good 
Me: baby clams that were tasteless.  

3rd Course: 
Friend: big piece of quail with a vegetable
Me: 3 small pieces of duck with some spinach

4th Course:
Friend: flourless chocolate torte with berries
Me: rum raised pineapple slice - took one bite and pushed it aside
  
I felt like I was being punished because of my food issues. Maybe I was jealous of her meal because everything she was served was something I could eat!
Way too much money spent.    

The service was good.笑
First off, this place markets itself as fine dining. Small portions, multiple courses, and an increased price tag. I'm okay with these 3 things as long as two components are achieved: 1.) I get amazing service and 2.) the food is incredible. 

Sad to say, this was not the case at all. My bf and I went there for our anniversary dinner. He's a picky eater and we thought this would be the perfect place since you can cross off foods you don't want to try. When he crossed almost everything off, the waiter glared at him. Yes, glared. My bf laughed nervously and apologized for his pickiness. The waiter was not amused. Due to that one interaction, my bf proceeded to feel like he had messed up our evening and felt deflated the rest of the night. 

How dare an establishment that stays in business due to customer service make anyone feel that way! It was not the waiter's place at all. He was hardly attentive, and like previous people have stated, they don't ask you how your meal is, if you liked something, etc. They grab your plate (and in our case, leave our empty glasses on the table for 15 minutes at a time) and disappear. 

The food was salty and flavorless. They fed my bf the same dish FOUR TIMES. You can only do tomato sauce and pasta so many times chef! For a place that calls itself innovative, their effort was pitiful. The uni with a squid ink biscuit was awful, the duck breast was flavorless, the quail extremely salty, the shrimp tasted of plastic, and the wagyu was not wagyu. It was overly cooked but at least tasted okay. The kangaroo my bf ate made him sick halfway through our meal. The only good part about our evening was the dessert. 

For $230, this place should've been amazing. Instead, I saw a chef who stood there doing nothing, a waiter who made my bf feel awful on our anniversary, and an establishment whose prices should be made to be $5 per plate, if that. This is not fine dining unless you think of "fine" in the mediocre sense. I won't be coming back.笑
Much, much, much too expensive for what it was.  We had the 6 course meal with wine pairing.  Service was good, though very slowly paced -- 2.5 hour dinner.  The total for the meal for 4 + wine tasting for 2 (others were kids) was $530 including tip.  Of the courses, 2 were not great, 2 were quite good and 2 were outstanding.  I recommend not getting the oysters.

Also, parking is difficult and hard to find.

This place could be so much more than it is -- and for the price it should be.笑
The restaurant features no menu and the chef(s) evidently make it up as they go along.  They do a pretty good job.  As you can read in other reviews, not every course is wonderful, but every course is thoughtfully prepared and its all part of the dining adventure.   

I personally loved the improvisational concept.  Too many restaurants are just plain boring and the food is just like other restaurants - good but not interesting.  This place is interesting and they serve each person at the table something different for every course so the dining experience becomes kind of a shared experience that adds to the adventure of it.  The good part getting something different is that if my wife didn't like her course very much she switched with me and got something she enjoyed.  

The only criticism was the wine pairings.  The pairings were fairly well matched, and very generous, but too many of the wines were served tepid to almost warm.  Not too many people like warm wine.

Anyway, it was fun, enjoyable and definitely a place we'd look forward to trying again.笑
If you absolutely love food, eat here.

I came here w/ a group for restaurant week. We all chose the 4 course option. They give you a list of the proteins they use, any you dont like youre free to cross off. There a couple other questions and a section where you can list anything you absolutely do not want on your plates (I.E. allergies, etc). We all made our selections and our Posh experience began.

The decor here is very, well, posh. Its very streamlined, and clean.

We didnt wait very long for our 1st course. Mine was a nice and mildly spiced tomato bisque. It was creamy and very very good. And I dont usually like tomato based soups. About 10 minutes after our 1st course was taken away, our second arrived. Mine was a shrimp dish w/ a biscuit and puree underneath it. The actual shrimp and puree were wonderful. The biscuit was hard. 

About 15 minutes after course 2 was taken away, the 3rd course arrived. I received a pork dish that one of the other diners at my tables received for her 2nd course. It was alright. The meat was a little over done, but it wasnt overly disappointing. 

And then came dessert. Up until this point, my entire table was very pleased w/ their meals. This course though, it was like they read each of our minds. I received 3 mini cheesecake tarts topped w/ blueberries and coconut. 2 of my favorite things and one I like a lot.

This was a very unique experience that Id jump at the chance to do again.笑
I really really wanted to like this place.  The concept of improv cuisine was pretty cool, but not well executed.

The place was pretty packed when we arrived.  So packed that we were seated at least 30 min after our reservation.  We did, however, get free drinks to make up for it.  You can only choose how many tastings you wanted, so I went with 4.  The only standout was the wild boar bacon.  Some people at my table of 5 got the same item-as in, identical dish, for one or two courses.  There was also significant down time in between the courses.  The people who got wine pairings thought they were mostly OK.  The worst part is that we all were munching on tortilla chips after we got home, even the people who had more courses.  If it's going to be a +$50 multicourse meal, I better be full afterwards.

Some good things:
-Very accommodating menu.  You tell the kitchen what you don't want.  Friendly for picky eaters and probably vegetarians.
-Excellent service.  I would rate this place one star but felt the service added another star.

I still wouldn't go back.  They need to not have so much downtime in between courses and better food for their prices.笑
This restaurant is in my TOP-5 favorite restaurants of all-time!  ...The only reason I am not giving it 5-stars is because it is a real splurge, and it takes a pretty special occasion (and experience) to justify such an expensive meal.

While in my personal experience at Posh, the quality (and "deliciousness") of the food I had definitely justifies the price-tag, it should - if the quality wasn't extraordinary, it wouldn't rank at all.

You really do have to be an open-minded, mostly omnivorous eater to fully appreciate it though.  If there are ingredients or flavors that you don't much care for, it might be more challenging to assume that you will like everything you get.  

It can be daunting, because you may get something that you don't like, but that is also part of the excitement (and the adventure of trying new things!)  You also may get something that you've never had done well before and find that you are a newly converted fan.  

Also, though the wine parings are wonderful, if you are on a budget, skipping the wine is a good way to trim the bill.

For the best experience, don't go when you are famished, and don't bring picky eaters with you - both will interfere with you having a completely satisfying experience.笑
This was one of the most amazing dining experiences that we've had.  
When we walked in to a basically empty restaurant we were a bit concerned, turned out we were just at the front of the crowd that would soon fill every table.
The interesting way of choosing, or not choosing, proteins for the meal guaranteed that we'd each have unique tasting menus.
Wish we could have sat at the chef's counter but the stools would not have been comfortable after a martini and 6 glasses of wine
The chef recalled that it was the wife's birthday and personally wished her a happy birthday as we were leaving.Waitress was VERY attentive but not overly.  Only mistep was our salad and wine pairing didn't quite work.
We will go be going back.笑
This restaurant is the BIGGEST JOKE ...... The portion sizes are extremely small and you will leave hungry. After spending $200.00 my husband and I had to go somewhere else to get something to eat. A gentlemen in the restroom even commented to my husband that he didn't get much to eat and was still hungry. Trust us, go somewhere else. Biggest disappointment of our dining experiences.笑
Great environment, very streamlined and well... Posh!

The dinner concept is really neat.  They give you a list of items that are in season and you cross off anything you are not okay with.  Then at the bottom you can list any foods you dislike or are allergic to so they avoid those.  You can also indicate how you would like your meats cooked, rare to well done. This is not a place for someone that is not adventurous or for a picky eater.

We did the 7 course meal and each dish was very interesting and delicious.  I felt like I was a judge on the show Chopped!  It was so neat to hear them describe each dish they brought out that was unique.  The courses were spread out over a couple of hours so it was great to sit with a couple friends, enjoy the atmosphere, and try different foods.  Everything from escargot, frog legs, NY strip, wild boar, pheasant breast, and prawns.  It was a great variety of foods I wouldn't normally try.

As for price, it was pretty expensive.  My husband and I ended up spending about $250 including tip for the 7 course meals plus alcoholic beverages.  We didn't do the wine pairing however had a glass of wine and a couple cocktails.  We weren't stuffed or over full by the end mainly because they spread the courses out nicely.  Although the amount of food may not have been worth $250, the experience completely made up for it.  It was a fun and exciting improvisational dinner that we won't forget and we would definitely do it again!笑
I wanted to like Posh more than I did.

The menu at Posh is the only reason I was interested in going.  "But, Scott," you might say, "the menu is the only reason that anyone goes to any restaurant."  Posh is different.  Posh brings you a list of the proteins they have available that evening and you cross out the ones that you do not like.  Then, you let your server know how any coruses you want and they start sending food out to your table from that list of proteins.

The concept is gerat; I love the idea and the food was good, the execution is where Posh fell short for me.

I had read other Yelp reviews that said the portions were too small.  Now, I have worked in hotel Food & Beverage for over 10 years and I know what tasting portions are so I wasn't worried.  I was surprised when we got our courses (we did a 7 course tasting) and there were no more than three bites per plate (if you cut the food really small).  Some people have said that they were so hungry after eating seven courses at Posh that they had to stop at a drive through to get more food; I would say this is accurate.  Although I didn' stop in a drive through after dinner, I left the restaurant not full and would have preferred having a little more food during dinner.

The other problem I had was the wait time in between courses.  We waited about 20 minutes between two of the courses and that was a lot especially when, after having waited, it took me two bites to finish the dish that was finally brought.  In my opinion, the concept is great and the smallness of the dishes might not have been as bit of a deal if the wait times in between courses was smaller.  If it was just one course after another and, as soon as I finished one, another plate was being placed in front of me (at a respectful pace of course, don't try to turn-and-burn the table) then I would have had a better time.  Instead, I felt as though I waited and waited, then was finally given a plate with 2 bites of food on it, then waited and waited some more.

Now, on the positive side, they had some great proteins available.  I ate kangaroo for the first time at Posh and was really looking forward to it.  Even before we arrived I was looking forward to having kangaroo.  The kangaroo did not disappoint and it tasted great.  It was a little gamey, but not tough and a little sweet; similar to elk - and I love elk.

Overall, I liked Posh, but I don't know that I would go back there - the wait times between courses were to big and the portions were too small.  I wish that wasn't the case because I really did enjoy the food when I had bites to take.笑
If I could rate purely on food, this place would get one star unfortunately. Service was good but food was completely off for me.

The amuse bouche was a mini croissant with blue cheese. The croissant was flavorful but cold. 

The first course was a yam soup. Nothing to really complain about but soup isn't that exciting, especially for the price you pay. 

The second course a chilled mussel chawanmushi. It was decent. Technical wise I feel like I've had better. Mussels seemed somewhat overcooked. Radishes were nice on top. But can we talk about the uni cheesecake? Not good at all. First off, uni is so precious that it's sad to see it completely hidden with whatever this "cheesecake" is....honestly it reminded me of the processed cheese in a can. I would have no idea there was uni on this plate. 

The third course was the best. The fried soft shell crab with wasabi and mustard seeds and purple potatoes. Sauce was creamy, acidic and spicy which was good to pair with something fried. This was probably the best dish of the night.  My friend had the snapper with Apple purée and sautéed kale. Snapper was cooked nicely but no flavor and purée was cold. Also I honestly do not see the link between Apple purée and snapper. 

The fourth course was an oxtail croquettes. Didn't understand this meal. The croquettes were 10% oxtail and 90% potato. I don't like it when chefs don't honor the main ingredient. My friend had frog legs with an egg mousse and sautéed shittake mushrooms. Frog legs did not have any flavor but egg mousse had a good acidic hit and was creamy. And mushrooms were meaty. 

The last dishes were fig Beignets with caramel sauce. It literally was one tiny fig.......but overall not bad. I did like the chocolate butterscotch cake. But the crust and the cream separated from each other. But I did love the flavors in the cake. 

Overall, mostly lows and little highs. I wouldn't feel so bad about it if I didn't pay so much for the meal.笑
If I wanted to get sick before Christmas I would've ate exlax! That's what I felt like after eating here befor Christmas.  I went here for the 2nd and last time! They say they create a menu for you but, I got the same old frog legs, fish, and cut of meat. Don't waste your money. Go to T.Cook's or Lon's !! Good luck getting a drink out the door the bar girl was out on a delivery!  If that's your thing GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!笑
Posh is a great place, I love the concept of telling a trained Chef what you love and what you really want to try and having that Chef create something just for you. My Fiancée and I had wanted to try this restaurant for a very long time and on May 14th we finally did. 

Our waiter was awesome he was very attentive and knowledgeable in both wine and the food that was prepared.  The food was really great in taste and in presentation. The wine parings chosen for each course were perfect for what I was eating, I love good wine. My only bad note was maybe that it was a little over priced and the courses are very small so if you are really hungry get 7+ courses. This place would be perfect if it was a little more reasonable on the price. The food was great I tried things that I would have never thought of ordering, this was a true party in my mouth :) If you are a Foodie this is a must try.笑
Absolutely the worst dining experience possible. Rancid stale food at obnoxious prices. Obnoxious chef. No care for the customer. By the third of my five courses I was so disgusted that I didn't want to eat anymore, yet they charged me full price. The fish they served stank, literally stank. If you complain they won't listen, and if you decline the food, you will pay for it anyway. This is the worst dining experience I've had in my entire life.笑
I wish i had Yelped about this place sooner. I've since mostly forgotten what i ate there.

My boyfriend took me here for my brithday and I can't say enough good things about it! The ambiance was awesome. Very chic and friendly. I loved the open kitchen, but if you sat at a table, it wasn't distracting. The service was fantastic. the waiter was extremely helpful and explained everything.

We got 7 courses and we're pretty adventurous so we chose "chef's choice" - no restrictions on the protein. It was delicious. I loved that we both got different items so we could share and essentially eat 14 different dishes. What I remember enjoying the most was the kangaroo, the scallops, the cheese and the spare ribs. Phenomenal!!!!! The dessert was also great and if you go for an occasion, you can write your secret message on your food selection card for them to write in chocolate sauce on the dessert plate.

I really can't say enough good things about this place. You definitely want to go with people you enjoy, since you you'll be there for a good period of time. Probably not the best first date place since if you're miserable, it's hard to make small talk for 2 hours. 

If you're looking for a dining experience, you have to try Posh. The food is delicious and you'll be telling people about it for weeks. I can't wait to go back and try new items.笑
I have lived in Arizona for 15 years and this was easily one the most fun, creative, and delicious meals I have had.

My wife and I went and each got the 5-course dinner with the wine pairing. Not knowing what you will get is half the fun. The other half is getting food and wine that was unbelievable and was not what I'd normally order anywhere.

Go with an open mind, you'll write down what you absolutely will not eat plus mark out certain types of fish and mean on a sheet, and prepare to have an "experience", not dinner.

Sh_t. That was awesome. 

PS apparently they do ramen noodle Tuesdays. We will be there for that.笑
Fun, Fun, Fun! Underneath the Optima at Camelback. Hidden treasure serving unpredictably delicious and unique cuisine. Wine pair your food for a delicious boost of taste all while passing your dish to friends as you explore the combinations of spices and tastes. Dress to impress YOU because you are worth it and so is this meal!笑
Always a great place!  The service really sets a standard! The food is like nothing else here in the valley.   Stop in next time you drive by!笑
Truly a different dining experience.  Imagine not knowing what you are going to eat.  All our dishes were very good. If you like foie gras, splurge for the $15 extra...worth it.笑
Maybe I just don't get the concept. In my book improvisational means you make things up as you go. This is not the case at Posh. I'd categorize it as dining Russian Roulette. 

Perhaps my expectations were unrealistic. I thought the chef would look at my likes and dislikes and specifically cater each course. This was not my experience. Instead, it appeared that there were a certain number of dishes that had been decided on for the night. There was one shrimp dish, one scallop dish, etc. and the chefs picked from these 15 or 20 dishes instead of coming up with anything on the fly. 

The food was really hit and miss. The salad was okay, but nothing special. A scallop dish was excellent and the pork cheeks were decent. The goat wasn't particularly good and the shrimp bratwurst was practically inedible. The dessert at the end was the highlight of the evening. 

Overall, I expected more. For $75 a plate it just wasn't good enough and there was nothing "improvisational" about the meal.笑
I just moved to Phoenix and have not yet been disappointed by the vast number of restaurants in the area. Except for now. I was expecting delicious, inventive food from Posh but left feeling not only disappointed, but also annoyed. 

There were 4 of us and we made a reservation for restaurant week. It was $44/person for a 4 course meal. Reasonable, I thought; however, when the first course came out, my hopes diminished. I got a cheddar, potato soup that was not flavorful nor looked appetizing. My soup was the best out of my party, though. The others at my table got a potato salad, a miso, ginger soup, and a horseradish salad... All of which were ordinary. Two plates were actually sent back because they were so gross. They were very nice about it and sent out two cheese boards, which were delicious. In fact, the cheese board was probably the best thing they served. 

Second and third courses were, again, disappointing. Dessert was ok. The chocolate cake my sister got was amazing but who can go wrong with chocolate? Overall, this place was average. Definitely not worth the money, even for restaurant week. The service was not even great. The only reason I'm giving this place 2 starts is because of the cheeseboard and chocolate cake. Other than that, I will not be retuning.笑
If you're having a hankering for some ramen or okonomiyaki stop in on a Tuesday night.  I brought an out of town guest from San Diego who is particular about ramen and he was impressed too!  

We both ordered the Shoyu Ramen with char siu and pork broth, naruto, soy marinated soft egg and marinated bamboo.

I tried an onsen egg for the first time in my bowl and will order that again on my next visit. Love the texture and taste!

On a previous visit I split a plate of okonomiyaki (savory vegetable pancake) and a ramen bowl with my girlfriend. Perfect portions for the two of us.笑
Honestly, this place could be so much better.  I've been three times now, and there will not be a fourth.  I was told by friends who live at the Optima not to bother because it was average food at phenomenal food prices, but went anyways.  It wasn't bad food by ANY means, but it also didn't come close to approaching great, either.  I gave it a second chance when my brother came in town, and we both had a subpar experience.  The only course that was memorable was the popcorn soup.

A friend and I decided to give their ramen night a try seeing as we had heard such great things, and we both paid and left after giving it a fair chance as well.笑
I can't speak for any day other than Tuesday - Ramen night. I would have given this place 4 stars if it hadn't been for poor service and difficulty to park.  Actually, that's not true - we found the parking just fine because we had been to Optima before and knew where we were going, but for someone new to the Optima Village area, I could see it being difficult.  Once you've found the area to park in, you may find that there aren't any open spots (we arrived fairly early around 6pm and there were only 2 spaces left). The service: slowwwwww. I also thing our waitress may have had a couple personalities up there in that head of hers - she told us Chelsea would be bringing us some plates for the appetizers and then proceeded to reach behind herself and put plates on our table. I don't remember what her name actually was, but it wasn't Chelsea. The veggie pancake appetizer wasn't terrible but really wasn't very good.  The cold broccoli salad was really great, definitely recommended. The Goma ramen was delicious - add an egg! Also ask for chili paste, it added a nice kick. The broth was flavorful, the pork was delicious. I personally took out most of the veggies because I'm a ramen purest but if you like all of that, you'll love this bowl. I'm glad we went the one time but I'm not sure it will be worth going back over and over again (unless you actually live at Optima, then make this a Tuesday tradition!)笑
This restaurant never ceases to amaze me, and I've been there many times. Food is always top notch, and ... wait for it .... there's no menu! I won't repeat what's already been said about how this restaurant works, but you never get the same meal twice at this place. The wine pairing is well done and they frequently serve wines that haven't received the attention they really deserved... So you get great food and you can taste wine that you normally may have passed over for lack of familiarity.

This place is top on my list to bring visitors to. It's pricey, but the food quality matches the cost. You won't walk away disappointed!笑
I expected to be blown away by the experience given the price and fame of the restaurant. The food did not disappoint. The courses were of good size, varied in flavor and ingredients, and were delicious. I was not, however, impressed with the ambiance in the restaurant. The music was barely audible, the staff casual--but not in a warm way, and the decor was blah. Optima, which houses Posh, is beautiful, and I recommend a walk around the property before or after dinner.笑
I LOVE this place!! That being said I will say my husband & I love variety, change & trying new things!  I always make my reservation to sit at the "Chef's corner" where I can enjoy the experience of watching the young, inspired staff Chef Joshua has mentored & trained! (since they all must start as dishwashers & work their way up!) We fortunately do not have food allergies & are very adventurous eaters so we mark nothing off our list of potential foods to be served. (I have found that even if it is something I don't think I would like Chef J will prepare it in a wonderfully yummy way!)  We always get the wine pairing since you are not sure what you will be served how could you make a selection?  It is really fun that we never get the same dishes or wines, so we share a bite of each course with the other.  We enjoy each & every bite of food & take the time between courses to enjoy one another's company or visit with the Chef. 

Granted, it is not cheap but if you take in the EXPERIENCE it is absolutely worth it!  

If you are not an adventurous eater, this is not the place for you. I would like to address some of the comments in other reviews...

**POSH is a "dining event" it is meant to take awhile to dine so that one may savor the flavors & preparation of the food not  shovel a pile of food down your gullet?! If that's what your looking for go to the buffet @ your nearest casino!

**Parking is as easy as it gets = free valet! (have never been closed when we left)

**The portions are adjusted based on the # of courses ordered, so don't compare your plate to the plates on the table next to you.

**The more finicky or picky you are, the less they have to work with!  

My Advice when dining at POSH?  TRUST IN THE TALENTS OF A WONDERFUL CHEF, RELAX, ENJOY & BE PREPARED TO BE DELIGHTED!!!笑
I was indeed intrigued by the idea of Posh Improvisational Cuisine... and although I'd been wanting to try it for awhile, I waited for a special occasion to do so.  I finally made it to Posh last week for Jared's birthday!  (And yes, I selfishly chose the restaurant since I wanted to try it!)

It was me, Jared, our friend Larry G who was visiting from Jersey, and my brother met us a bit later... we took both Joel L's recommendation and that of "Josh from Posh," who called back to confirm our reservation, and we sat at the bar.  

The experience was more than just a meal... it was foodie heaven, entertainment, and like nothing we'd ever experienced before!  We were there for several hours and the time flew by... in that time, we laughed a lot, got to know the extremely attentive staff, ate our fair share of 7+ courses each, and drank some of us drank a glass of wine to go with each course...

I started taking notes of the courses as they came out, but Jonathan, one of our servers, insisted that they could email me a description of what I ate after the fact instead, so I took him up on it!  Here it is:

Amuse Bouche:  cucumber caviar with pickled grape, (everyone had this)

1st:  Belgian endive, blood orange vinaigrette, goat cheese and candied pine nuts

2nd:  Shrimp chorizo, kimchee broth, baby bok choy and shaved fennel

3rd:  Atlantic fluke, sesame oyster aioli, roated fingerling potatoes and mustard greens

4th:  Foie gras torchon brulee, fig consomme, spun sugar and duck cracklings

5th:  Sonoma duck breast, soy ponzu gelee, oyster mushrooms and carrot coulis

6th: Roasted venison loin, ginger cucumber salsa, pommes anna and carmelized shallots

7th:  trio of cheeses, Tomme de savoie, robiola, humbotl fog(everyone had this) 

Yes, I ate all of the above in one sitting and then some!  I also tasted several of the other courses that my dining companions had including Jared's 2nd course of Black Cod and his 5th course of Braised short rib... not to mention the various desserts we all shared (Buttermilk panne cotta with fresh fruit, Trio of homemade candy bars, and Honey and Mascarpone tart with ancho chocolate ganache).  They even provided us with little goodie bags of sweet treats for the road.

Everything was expertly prepared.  I didn't take a bite of anything I didn't like... even the foie gras was surprisingly tasty although I only took a small bite.  Don't hate me for that, please!

We were all beyond impressed with our experience at Posh and although it was a splurge, it was totally worth it for a special occasion.  We'll be back!笑
We dined at POSH last night as part of restaurant week and could not have been more pleased with the quality, execution and presentation of all 5 courses. The dishes that came out of the kitchen were excellent! I was brought the coconut milk with kale pesto, roasted root vegetable soup, hamachi with an incredible glaze, scallops with black rice, shrimp sausage and puff pastry with pumpkin cheesecake topping. 

I'm not giving 5 STARS because our server seemed annoyed and short the entire night. When asked about drink recommendations he really didn't have any except to say try something from tonight's specials. 

If you're thinking about going to POSH, run don't walk-you won't be disappointed.笑
This place is a little different - however, I'm sure there are equally styled places similar in its dining concept.
Went on date night there after spotting it across the road from Postino's Highland (actually, my wife saw it).. So I decided to book for Valentines Day (but a few days earlier, as we would be on the East Coast for VD).
We chose the 5 course option with wine pairing.
Although we enjoyed most of the food, the wines didn't match to our preferences as well as we had hoped for - both my wife and I enjoyed some but not all of the wines - it was more an experimental dining decision.
I would certainly give this place another go, but as its a meal at the 'chef's discretion', you get what you get - and its pricey.
If you're a die-hard foodie, you will love it. We enjoyed it, and would probably go again at some time.
What I did like was that you can cross off the list things you DON'T like - so you know you won't get those items. You can cross off anything you are not willing to try and it won't be served in the dishes. I like to try new things so I left everything unchecked.笑
I loved this place. The Yam Soup was off the charts. Don't miss this gem.笑
Posh is a chic, modern restaurant with a fun concept and nice service. 

My husband and I made a reservation for our 9th anniversary. The hostess welcomed us when she pulled up our reservation she wished us a happy anniversary, as did our server when she came to the table. We sat at a cozy 2 top at the far end of the (relatively small) dining room, just beside the end of the bartop. 

They offered some complimentary sparkling wine (cava) because it was our anniversary, it was nice to start off with a toast! 

Posh's concept is all-tasting menu, all the time and you do not know what you'll be getting, it is the Chef's choice. I LOVE TASTING MENUS! Absolutely my favorite thing - I could eat little food forever and be completely happy as I prefer lots of small bites of different interesting things over a gigantic steak/starch/vegetable plate. So, this restaurant is really made for me. In lieu of a menu, you get a sheet where you cross off any proteins you aren't interested in and let the Chef know about likes/dislikes. 

We started off with an amuse bouche of a sorbet with basil. It was crisp and refreshing.

My first course was a play on a caprese - tomato sorbet, tomato "pate", basil leaves, a balsamic reduction, and a few shavings of cheese... this dish was okay. The presentation was beautiful and the elements tasted good, but there was way more tomato with just a few scraps of cheese and then these huge basil leaves. 

That said, my husband's dish, which was a seafood soup, was AMAZING! It strongly reminded us of a delicious "she-crab" soup that we had had at an upscale "low country" restaurant in Vegas (now closed, sadly) 

My second course was Littleneck clams with a shiso broth, eggplant, and shishito pepper. My husband had shrimp that were delicious as well. 

The next course was softshell crab - it was pretty simply presented (I honestly can't even remember what came with it) The legs were the best part as they were crispy! It was a bit funny because the server described the crab by saying that "HE is served with"... made me a little sad to eat the little guy :) 

I had braised pork cheek for the next course, which was hands down my favorite course of the meal - super savory and flavorful. My husband had fried sweetbreads, which he said were a bit overdone - he didn't get much flavor other than "fried". 

We had a fish course, which was okay - he had seared ahi tuna, I had a flaky white fish (cannot remember the name!!) 

Our meat course was interesting - hubby had the kangaroo prepared with ginger sauce - it was definitely a tougher meat, which is to be expected considering the animal. The flavor was sweet and very unique. It reminded me of elk or venison. I had the New York Strip served with a risotto. The steak was tasty but a VERY small portion 2 slices of 2" x 1/2" x 1/4" (remember, I like small portions! This was just a bit too small -when you are serving wagyu or kobe beef that are very rich with fat, it makes sense to serve a tiny portion, but with regular beef, there's not a good reason to be so skimpy!) 

The desserts were just okay - a dulce de leche flan and a white chocolate mousse with a raspberry gelee. They tasted well enough, but they weren't really up my ally texturally - both were very mushy and neither had anything crunchy/crispy/cookie-y with them. 

I ordered a mocktail at the start of the meal - a fruity pomegranate soda. It was good - very sweet, but good. However, one of my first dishes included a garlic chip, which the server had described as a sunchoke chip. I took a large bite of it, and while I don't mind garlic, it meant that I was tasting garlic for the entire rest of the meal! I had a hard time drinking the very sweet soda as it didn't combine well with the garlic flavor. Also, a warning - three of our dishes included garlic chips of some sort. 

Now, this last bit will sound nitpicky and weird, but it totally impacted my experience: the silverware is really BIG! This made it difficult to compose dainty bites with various elements from the dishes, and was especially weird considering how petite the food is in general. 

So, all that said, I did really enjoy our meal! It is a lovely restaurant and the service was great! The food was pretty good and the surprise of each course made it lots of fun. We've had tasting menus in many upscale restaurants and I feel like Posh's pricing makes it a value - a similar length menu at one of the nice restaurants in Vegas would run $100 or more.笑
WOW. THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. 

We went early Friday night and each got 4 courses with wine pairings. You get a small menu with a list of proteins. You mark off what you don't want to try and list any dislikes or allergies. You know I had to put down that I don't like corn. I went with the chef's choice and Mike went with the carnivore selection. 

Everything was delicious and cooked to perfection. The meat, seasonings, broths, and vegetables were all divine. We had heirloom tomatoes, duck with green beans and squash, baby octopus with snap peas, kobe beef with artichokes, and kangaroo with fingerling potatoes and shitake mushrooms. Sorry, if I can't remember exactly what was in the meals, as I was too busy devouring every bite. And why didn't anyone ever tell me that kangaroos where so tasty? I pretty much licked everything off both of our plates. Dessert was also very yummy. I had a chocolate pate. I don't remember what Mike had as he had finished before I had a chance to get a second bite. 

The entire staff was very friendly. We sat at the bar and chatted with Josh, Zac and the amusing Kirby. It was fun watching them make all the dishes. This was such a great dining experience. 

The lollipop at the end of our meal and cookies to take home were a special treat. I'm sure Mike is already regretting bringing me here because it's not a cheap meal and I want to come back. You have to try this place. 

You can find complimentary valet parking off the garage at Rancho Vista Dr.笑
The food was Good but lacked the Mother Fucken Wow factor!  The dishes and compass and in Norma's wide range of different cuisines but none of them really hit a high note.  So here is my recommendation to you this is a dish that you can take out of my mom's recipe.  Korean barbecue short ribs.  Call me ERIC and I will give you the recipe笑
I have been to POSH twice, and wanted to lick my plate clean for almost every course I was served!  In most cases, the flavors were incredible, the wine pairings beautifully complimented each course, and the portions were appropriate; I left feeling satisfied and not stuffed.

Dinner took about 2 to 3 hours for  the 4 course chef's choice meal, which is what I would expect from a unique dining experience such as this.  If I wanted fast food I would have chosen Wendy's. 

Someone in our party was celebrating a birthday so we let them know when we made the reservation that we wanted birthday cake for dessert and the kitchen accomodated our request.

Can't wait to go back!笑
Spent $400 dollars on the 7 course.  My husband had the wine pairing option with his.  Started off promising but my 2nd course was potato salad.  I didn't put that on foods I hate so my bad but it hardly had any taste except the lettuce was vinegar.  From there down hill.  Every course was bland food with semi fancy presentation.  The desert was good but not exceptional.  All 4 of us at the table (all 4 had the 7 course) were extremely disappointed and had spent a lot of money.  Maybe it was a bad night but their bad night was my expensive birthday dinner.笑
Amazing cuisine!!! I don't know how they did it but they managed to pair my meals exactly to what I prefer - and my husband's were paired to his preferences. We selected the same likes and dislikes and they managed to still personally craft each dish to each of our likings.

Delicious and delightful!!!!笑
I come here for the Ramen nights on Tuesdays and it's amazing. The okonomiyaki found its way into my life here, and I wish I knew it sooner.. It's the perfect appetizer. I go back and forth between the shoyu and goma ramen. They're both my jams and I should really just get both of them. The ambiance is nice and the service is good too. Highly recommended for ramen lovers.笑
We just went there again. Still love the concept ! good food. Good service. But the food was just good, nothing more, nothing less. 
The two of us had a five course menu, upgraded to foie gras . Non of the dishes wowed us, most were good. 
Definitely something to try !笑
It has been too long since I was last at Posh.
Posh is, hands down, my favorite finer dining place in the Phoenix area.  

My advice for dining at Posh is: be open-minded.  If you have a bunch of dietary restrictions or are vegan or vegetarian... this might not be the best place for you.  If you're an omnivore with an adventurous palate, this is a fun place to go.

The restaurant is stark and clean and it works here.  

Everything from the amuse bouche to the little take-away treats your waiter brings you after your meal is complete is divine.  

I am sometimes a bit finicky, but I was so pleased to be able to try the kangaroo on my first visit.

This place is great for a date, for dinner with a close friend (who won't mind sharing whatever delicious food gets placed in front of him/her) or for a group of friends.  I would not suggest this restaurant for children under 12 or picky eaters of any age.  

I started having a massive crush on Chef Hebert after dining here and I can't wait to get back and see what he'll surprise me with next.笑
Food is tasty and the anticipation of what the next course will be makes for an interesting evening.  A 5 course meal is the minimum, first course appetizer last course dessert. Not a place to go if you have a hearty appetite you may be satisfied but you'll be hungry in an hour,  Restaurant week was a good time to try it out  but we won't be going back anytime soon.笑
It has been too long since I was last at Posh.
Posh is, hands down, my favorite finer dining place in the Phoenix area.  

My advice for dining at Posh is: be open-minded.  If you have a bunch of dietary restrictions or are vegan or vegetarian... this might not be the best place for you.  If you're an omnivore with an adventurous palate, this is a fun place to go.

The restaurant is stark and clean and it works here.  

Everything from the amuse bouche to the little take-away treats your waiter brings you after your meal is complete is divine.  

I am sometimes a bit finicky, but I was so pleased to be able to try the kangaroo on my first visit.

This place is great for a date, for dinner with a close friend (who won't mind sharing whatever delicious food gets placed in front of him/her) or for a group of friends.  I would not suggest this restaurant for children under 12 or picky eaters of any age.  

I started having a massive crush on Chef Hebert after dining here and I can't wait to get back and see what he'll surprise me with next.笑
I really wanted to like this place.  I was so excited.  I watch chopped, I'm always down to try weird foods, and I've been wanting to try a tasting menu for a while. I ended up disappointed.  

I forget how many courses we ordered, maybe 5 or 6 or 7.  It doesn't really matter though, you order based on how many things you want to try not how hungry you are.  I could have had 5 more courses and still been hungry.  My group stopped at another restaurant earlier for drinks and appetizers, and I suggested that we go here for dinner.  

There were some interesting ingredients incorporated into the courses including uni, sweetbreads, quail, and others but for me the flavors mostly fell flat.  The only highlight of my meal was the dessert.  I had been looking forward to a nice creme brulee from the moment I walked through the door and smelled the burnt sugar.  Alas, someone else at my table got the creme brulee, and not I.  Still, the desert I got was quite good.

Unfortunately, the dessert didn't make up for the rest of the meal.  I get that you're paying for an experience here (you sure aren't paying for quantity), which  was pretty cool in theory.  I just wish the food tasted better...笑
Will you take me out on a date?   Hubby pretty much knows that I have a new place in mind.  He's never refused.  
We asked to be seated at the bar where we can interact with the chefs.  I decided on a Pomegranite Martini since hubby is the DD, what a sport.   We just marked off what we don't want and they take it from there.
First off, I got the Kumamoto Oysters with citrus and radish microgreens.  What a delightful saffron-like strands of red Pasilla chiles to grace the oysters.  Hubby enjoyed his arugula with goat cheese salad.  I thought it wasn't as creative, compared to the oysters.
Secondly, the crunchy rich sweetbread gleamed with beef consomme and oyster mushrooms for myself and fish with potato crisps for my man.   The saltiness of the consomme paired well with the creamy texture of the sweetbread.
The third course included smoked wild boar with peppers and summer squash (suggested by a friend).  He raved over the New York steak over polenta.  The caramelization of the steak was unbelievable!
Last, but not least, the venison with pureed carrots I savored.  Hubby chose the cheese plate.  He kept looking over at my plate...he wished!  I wasn't about to give this one up!  
It's amazing how very organized this establishment was.  We decided on no dessert this time...we will be back for that!笑
Eh, what can I say. Everyone I go to culinary school just ranted and raved about this place, so I had to check it out. I got the 5 course meal with the wine pairing and fois gras upgrade and honestly, I have had all of the same dishes at at better price point with more generous portion sizes for a LOT less at other restaurants. The fois gras was amazing, especially the sorbet. But the rest was somewhat lackluster. Also my wines were almost exclusively white domestics when i made it pretty clear I preferred reds. My friend's butterscotch pudding tasted like Cloroseptic .... very bizarre. For 105 dollars I want to be wowed and I just wasn't. I left wondering what did I just pay for. I can't say I will be returning.笑
Ants in the salad, chocolate chips for desert.  Said in the phone the chef could do a vegan dinner, but was barely a notch above fast food.  This is the only one star I've ever given.  It's warranted by the price.  For this amount every high priced place in metro Phoenix is better.笑
I have had both the improv menu and the Japanese menu.

The improv is an experience I think every foodie in the valley should try! It is a fun way to try an assortment of amazing foods!

The Japanese menu on Tuesdays are a great way to try the skill of posh with out the big price tag.  Recommend!笑
If improvisational cuisine sounds fun and exciting, rest assured that improvisational gastric distress is anything but(t).  My friend and I dined here this past Saturday, 9/19, purely on a whim because we were having a girls' weekend at the nearby FireSky resort and had bicycled past Posh earlier in the day.  Not knowing any better, we hopped on Open Table and made a reservation for 9 p.m. (one hour before Posh's closing time) and that was when the first hint of trouble presented itself.  We were the last table to arrive that evening and certainly the last to depart at about 10:30 p.m.  Had I known the fun I was to experience back in my hotel bathroom later that night, I might have overlooked the fact that we were made to feel as though we were an imposition to both Chef and the waitstaff.  Actually, I take that back - Chef disappeared from the kitchen a full 15-20 minutes before our departure; likely he was already at home before we even set a foot outside the door.  After witnessing him give warm goodbyes to nearly every other table that left before us, it seemed obvious to my friend and I that we had committed some grave sin for which we would pay mightily long after receiving the check. Perhaps it was the "late" 9 p.m. reservation that ticked him off, but I'm convinced it was the tongue-in-cheek approach we took to filling out our dining preferences card prior to our 6-course "delight," but honestly, we thought our responses of "spiders, Fox News and Donald Trump's hair" on our list of dislikes was at least mildly amusing; clearly, Chef felt otherwise and we were punished summarily with the aforementioned GI issues.  We are left to solve the riddle of our midnight and next morning toils in much the same manner as a game of Clue.  We know the scene of the crime was the kitchen and the perpetrator was the Chef, but whether it was the chicken pate, the grouper, or the "wagyu" beef that did us in (the three dishes we had in common), we may never know.  Many other sins were committed that night - not once did a single member of the rotating parade of waitstaff even ask us whether we had enjoyed a course. Not one single time. But this is certain - we will never be back.笑
Wow! What a great restaurant! I meant to write this review sooner so it would be more detailed, but put it off, and alas, I can't remember specifics...

Let me just say this, we had a 6 course dinner and ordered our own wine (not the pairings), and had a great meal. This isn't your neighborhood burger joint, and so the type of food and price reflect that. While you may not leave stuffed, the portions were bigger than I expected given traditional tasting menus, and left me satisfied and full. Would probably give it only 4 stars because the food/price is still a bit much to handle, and the ambience could be slightly better, the service pushed it up a notch to a 5 star restaurant. Nice job, thanks for the great meal and sensational dining experience!笑
We had the 7 course meal on New Years Eve and for $85/person i would say it was a bargain relative to other tasting menus we have had.  I didn't give them 5 stars because the last 2 courses were not as good as we'd hoped: the fry bread served with braised oxtail was quite chewy and dry (come on, this is AZ!) and one of the desserts (a green tea trifle w/ chantilly cream) was so subtle, especially compared to the other dessert (a chocolate pave with peanut butter mousse) it could have used a little more sweetness. 

I like the "omakase" style approach to the menu so absolutely worth taking folks who are more on the adventurous side.笑
Just what I wanted.  The dinner was a savory adventure from an heirloom tomato to halibut to sweat breads to duck.  Excellent.  The duck had a crispy skin and the meat flaked off the bone.  

The service was very friendly and I never had to look for someone.笑
We really enjoyed our dining experience at Posh!  I'm a pretty adventurous eater, so it was fun to try a place where you can taste unusual proteins and inventive dishes.  My friend and I came for Restaurant Week and ordered the 5-course option.  We were a little worried about the portion sizes since the portions seem tiny in photos, but it was more than enough food to have us feeling full at the end!

My starter was a simple salad, but I still really enjoyed it.  The dressing was perfect and I loved the addition of crunchy asparagus.  The other courses were soft shell crab with an Asian crepe, duck leg with udon, octopus, and... I forget what else!  I liked them all, but the Asian crepe wasn't my favorite.  I'm not a big fan of crepes in general.  My least favorite dish was my dessert, which was a pear prepared... in some way (again, I forget!).  It was tasty, but I was kind of hoping for an unhealthy sugary dessert.  Of course, the kitchen was limited for me since I can't eat dairy.

Overall a fun experience and we'd love to try it again some time!  Oh, but parking is a pain.  I read the directions on the site and STILL couldn't figure out how to get to their valet/parking garage.  I just parked near the mall.笑
Sarah A and I came here during restaurant week and enjoyed a fantastic meal.  We both got different dishes for each course which was nice because we could sample each others.  I even got a succulent salad which was crunchy and refreshing.  I'll be back with Alex C.笑
Amazing creative food tailored to you personal preference. You will not be disappointed.  True foodie experience.笑
We had been looking forward to Posh for quite some time.  The idea of the chef creating a meal based on our preferences seemed innovative and refreshing.  Looking at the reviews, I expected a high degree of creativity and an elevated level of quality food with exotic ingredients.  The reality is that the restaurant did not live up to the hype associated with it. 

To start with, the ambiance for a fine dining restaurant was lacking. It was like a concrete bunker, which made the noise level unbearable.  I left there with my ears literally ringing as though I had been at a rock concert.  My dinner mate and I grew hoarse trying to have a conversation.  

The tables were plain black with no linen.  A pet peeve of mine is when a restaurant places the silverware directly on the table top.  My issue with this is that after each turn of the table, it is wiped with a cleaning rag that I am sure has been used to mop several previous tables, leaving a germy film on the surface.  Placing the silver on a napkin would be preferential.  A petty issue perhaps but one worth bringing up.

The service was like the food, basic and nothing to rave about.  While our server(s) were attentive, not once during the entire visit were we asked how the food or experience was, not even when we left.  Maybe the servers get tired of hearing people complain...

The food was the biggest disappointment. We opted for the 5 course meal.  An amuse bouche of daikon radish in a dashi based sauce with scallion was brought out.  Flavorful but not especially creative in its presentation.

My first course was essentially potato salad with some micro greens and half a boiled egg on top.  When I say potato salad, that is exactly what I mean.  Plain old boring, bland potato salad with a mayo base.  It was something I could have picked up at my local Safeway.  Nothing exceptional about it.

My second course was an uni "cheesecake".  I love uni, but I'll be dipped in sea foam if I could detect even the slightest trace of it in this dish.  It was a round piece of cream cheese, at least that's what it tasted like.  Seriously, it tasted like they had softened some Philadelphia cream cheese, made a circle out of it and placed it in some sort of soy based sauce that only succeeded in making the dish overly salty, an issue which we had with many of our courses. Salt is an essential seasoning but please use it sparingly!  I shouldn't leave a dining experience feeling dehydrated.

Third course was a take on Vietnamese Pho with frog legs as the protein.  The server said "it's made with Thai basil!" like that was some kind of rare exotic ingredient.  The broth was decent, though many valley Pho restaurants would put it to shame. One issue was they loaded it with the basil, so that became the dominant taste and aroma.  The pieces of frog legs were unseasoned and overcooked, making them tough. The accompanying noodles, I believe they were rice noodles, were cooked correctly, however.

My fourth course was quail.  Once again, overly salty and a bit on the dry side.  It was overcooked to the point that the legs and wings were crunchy.  Nothing to write home about.

The final course was dessert.  And it was plain everyday flan.  Though they try to fancy it up by calling it "creme caramel". That's right, a caramel custard that would have been at home in any average Mexican restaurant. Absolutely nothing creative here and I think that's my main issue with Posh.  I expected to be wowed by the presentation and the combining of ingredients that you don't see every day.  Instead, I got a pedestrian tour of average valley restaurants and for that, I had the privilege of paying $88.00 (one $14.00 drink,tax and tip included).  The flavors and presentation are something you would see at any average restaurant.

I wanted to have a magical, show-stopping, special effects driven dining experience and that is what I had been lead to believe would happen at Posh.  Instead, I got a few cheap street show cards tricks and my pockets picked.  I will not be back.笑
Just really uninteresting and bland. Yes, very VERY boring. Wish we gone elsewhere.笑
Overpriced, Overhyped and underwhelmed! I was terribly disappointed with my experience. The food wasn't awful, but it was uninventive and one note.  I felt like they were trying too hard to be cute and trendy, rather than focusing the flavor and providing a balanced meal.  Also while I understand that a true improvisational cuisine is hard to accomplish with a restaurant that size,  it was pretty clear they had a set menu for the night and just rotated it between the tables. For example, I noted in my restrictions "Vegetarian, eat dairy LOVE cheese".  I was served no dairy what so ever.  By my third course I complained because so far my food had been mediocre, and round 3 tasted like a stew, everything was cooked in the same broth.  Not to mention I couldn't cut through the asparagus with my knife or my teeth! 

The server was great, when I complained she had them make me a new course, parmesan risotto. It was better, but not creative and definitely didn't have a "wow" factor.    She also brought us out a nice cheese plate on the house, which was by far the best part of the meal. Overall, I was very impressed with the service and completely underwhelmed by the food.    I have no problem paying $$$ for a stellar meal, but not for one that left me hungry and craving protein! We won't be back.笑
I went to Posh for my birthday dinner and got the full menu with my wife ($110 each, plus $15 for foie gras).  I can't possibly give it higher rankings and it is one of the best restaurants I have been to in the metro Phoenix area.  The full menu ended up being about 14 courses over a 4 hour period.  I enjoyed everything served, and I am a pretty picky eater.  The courses were as follows (I can't remember all of the accompaniments):

Amuse Bouche - lychee jelly with licorice and mint
Salad with goat cheese and cherries with a mustard vinaigrette
Popcorn soup with clarified butter and smoked paprika (tastes like the soup version of movie theatre popcorn!)
Black bass
Mahi Mahi
Grouper
Halibut
Foie gras brulee with watermelon broth and Bing cherries ($15 supplement that was worth every penny)
Kangaroo (tastes like very lean beef)
Frog legs
Venison
Lamb
Duck (great crispy skin)
Pork Belly (melts in your mouth)
Surf and turf (NY Strip and Loup de Mer)
Cheese plate (Maytag Blue and Humbolt Fog, the latter which my wife raved about)
Pear-Cabernet sorbet
Strawberry Rhubarb sorbet
Lemon cake on a chocolate sauce
Carmelized fig
Honey ricotta flan (I think)
Chocolate pate with chocolate tuile and white chocolate
Frozen fruit and ricotta cheesecake lollipop made on the anti-griddle
Cookies to take home (pistachio, peanut brittle and fruit biscotti)

Some of the courses were served together (sorbets and desserts), and all were small, but you fill up over the course of a few hours.  The chef is doing a great job, and all of the food I saw come out of the kitchen looked, smelled and was amazing.  

When you go, it is best to sit at the bar, and probably want to sit where the fires are going.  If you want to splurge, this is the place to do it, but you can also get smaller menus....anywhere from 4 courses to the full menu.  Everyone in the valley should be happy that this place is open.  I put it up there with Binkley's, without the long drive.笑
The atmosphere is great, and service was also good. I sat down at the bar and watched how the cooks are doing. They dropped the pen and used it with bare hand. While I was staying there they touched meats and fishes, but I never saw they were washing hands at all. They just rubbed their hands to towels whole time. Foods came out so slow in between courses and some foods were extremely salty or no seasoning. I was disappointed how much I paid for all the dishes. Overall, the atmosphere and service is all I paid in the restaurant. I went another restaurant after spending over 200.笑
Super tasty!  Went there for a romantic dinner on New Year's Eve and walked away very satisfied.

Everything was cooked to perfection, from the monkfish to the foie gras to the duck leg confit...sooooo yummy!  The attention to detail was insanely awesome!  I rarely give reviews, let alone a glowing review, so this is definitely a place to try, and then try again and again.  I highly recommend doing the wine pairing with your meal.  With the exception of the taster course (amuse bouche - sp?), there is a glass of wine with each plate of food that is excellently matched to the food.  Also, our server was very knowledgable, attentive, and courteous.笑
If you are an adventurous eater this is the place to go! The quality of the food, service and atmosphere are outstanding! We've been going here for a couple years now and have never been disappointed. It is quite spends, but if you catch them on restaurant week you can get a great deal. However, it is worth every penny you spend. This is my favorite restaurant in Scottsdale!笑
This is such a fun way to dine! The element of unknown with each course appeals to my foodie adventurous nature. They start off with a "menu" that determines what you will or won't eat. Then the chef prepares your food courses and and server brings the dishes to you with an explanation of what you are going to be eating. They are very proactive in ensuring that you enjoy the dishes. My friend set aside a portion of one of the courses for me to try and our sever immediately came over to check that the dish was satisfactory.   I can't wait to dine here again.笑
Just fantastic. My boyfriend and I had read all of the reviews here on yelp before going to posh, and expected the small portions and high prices. I have to say that every penny was worth it, though. In every aspect, this restaurant excels. The service was excellent and everyone there was more than accommodating. For example,my boyfriend hates dessert, and they were willing to give him a main course as last course instead of dessert. Every dish was explained and thoughtfully put together. It was also neat to sit at the counter watching the chefs cook and create dishes. It amazes me that they are able to create such variety so quickly and put together such delicious dishes... truly excellent and  skilled chefs work here. I'm just disappointed we didn't take any pictures! Anyway, overall we were more than impressed and had an exceptional meal in a very relaxed and inviting atmosphere. We will be going back this week :)笑
Ramen night Tuesday's- love the local feel at posh for their Japanese night. Full flavors, firm but tender noodles and I love that they throw on some fresh bean sprouts and herbs on top.  My ramen punch card is almost full!笑
I am honored to be the first to Yelp this new restaurant. Forget all those old "date" places like Benihana's, etc.  This is the NEW and FUN way to have a meal.  This place is a little hard to find because the address is on Rancho Vista Dr, but the front of restaurant faces Scottsdale Blvd. Maybe new signage is in the works but it's not up yet.  It's in the commercial area of the Camelview condo development.  Went there for the first time last Saturday night after a long, long drive from California.  Josh and the entire staff was so friendly and welcoming that it lifted my bad mood.  The menu is fun because you pick one type of meat and the rest is literally the Cook's Surprise.  They do check to see what you WILL NOT eat so you won't be served anything you're not accustomed to. Four courses for $45, if you would like it paired with their wine selections, it's another $20 bucks.  Yes, $65 is not cheap but it's very reasonable for this innovative menu prepared especially for you. It won't help for me to describe the dishes because it will be different for you anyways.  My hubby ate there one hour earlier and everything was different.  I did have the tops of the beets for a veggie.  Who knew Beet Tops were so delicious!  I will definitely be coming back.笑
I'm not sure how this place has received any good remarks, perhaps, we just came on a bad night. To me, the most over rated and over priced restaurant I think I've ever been too. First Course: about 5 small pieces of watermelon; Second Course: a pancake with fish sauce; Third Course; dried out quail; final Course: small pastry with cream sauce. All for $44. We also had the wine pairing for another $44 which consisted of four short pours of very mediocre wine. Would not recommend.笑
Came here for restaurant week. I was really excited to try this creative approach to dinning. If you have read other reviews, I'm sure, whoever is reading this, you get the concept of Posh by now. So, here's the thing.... since you cannot decide, as with a regular menu, what dish you would like prepared for you, your chances of liking what you get are 50/50. Bear that in mind, it's probably why half of the reviews are awesome and the other half are people complaining.

Now, I had a very open mind going into this, realzing this fact, that the plates would be beyond my control, but that's not why I'm only giving two stars. The honest to goodness truth is that the cooking just wasn't to par with what you would expect from gourmet dinning. The prices indicate to me that this should be a gourmet experience, as well as the snobbery of the waiters (however, I have expierenced top notch service in other gourmet restaurants...expensive doesn't mean they have to be snobs). There was always something 'missing' from each dish.... they were all very creative, and beautifully presented...but flavors were lacking... I really wanted to be blown away and I sadly wasn't. With that said, I do have to add a note that dessert was exceptional....my favorite out of all the 5 courses.... pinapple sorbet with candied orange rind and strawberry coulis....just phenomenal! But, I don't think that I should have paid 60 bucks for an excellent sorbet and a whole other bunch of bland food. Tack on alcohol to that and my husbands 5 course meal, and suddenly restaurant week didn't seem like such a great discount :/

Bottom line, would I go back? No. Would I discourage someone else from going? Not necessarily. It's an interesting experience, and if you feel like blowing 60+ bucks to get that expierence, then, go for it.笑
Fabulous evening at this inventive and fun restaurant.  We selected the 6 course dinner and decided to share many of the dishes.  The chef works effectively to keep each course diverse so that the table can experience a variety of flavors and presentations.  At the start of your visit you will be asked to select out your least favorite proteins and to emphasize any favorites. From that point, the kitchen takes over. Our starters included a savory curried squash soup and a beet and goat cheese salad. 4 additional courses followed and included grilled Mahi on a bed of delicious Asian noodles; grilled shrimp with a corn and fava bean relish; seared NY strip steak; venison in a red wine reduction; oysters in an olive oil and citrus broth; and an amazing uni panacotta. Each was delicious and employed interesting flavor surprises that just worked beautifully. 
We met Chef Josh as we were leaving and we were impressed by his humble but capable demeanor.  Jessica, the dining manager was friendly and accommodating and our server, Michael, was charming and very capable in his descriptions and presentation of each course. Posh is a definite visit if your tastes are discerning and slightly adventurous.笑
Definitely a place where the reputation precedes the actual experience.

It's like it's trying to be Binkley's, and it's not even in the same ballpark.

We were there on a THU night, and the place was dead.  Still, it seemed to take 30 minutes between courses.  Which is fine, if you have some bread or amuse bouche between.  Which you don't at Posh.  So, you eat your tasting portion in 4 minutes, then you sit there for another 26.  By the time the 3rd course came of our 5th course meal at hour one and a half, we were all tired, bored, and no longer hungry.  We ended up asking our last course to be wrapped, as we were that turned off.

What really disturbed me on the food, however, was the foie gras.  An extra $15 supplement - which is fine, as I think it's always worth it for great foie gras.  We were presented a plate with nice size piece of foie gras, in a fruit coulis, and what looked like a nice brulee crust on one side.  It looked amazing.  And was, if I stopped at eye appeal.  Unfortunately, Chef decided to go way off the grid, and serve it COLD.  I'm not talking room temp, I'm talking refrigerator cold.  If you are a foie gras fan, then you know this is like eating a square of lard.  It was impalitable.  Imagine being served a lump of shortening on a plate, because this is what cold foie gras tastes like.  

I like the surprise aspect of the courses, and I like the fact you can tell them what you like and don't like to start, but ultimately, I see now why it's best to know exactly what you're getting in advance.  

It took me about 10 minutes to figure out why the whole concept of Posh fails.  The dining experience starts when you're wowed by a menu, and sit in anticipation of what you've ordered.  When you have no expectations, it's hard to get excited.  By the time the plate is dropped and the server is telling you how your fluke is in a mascerated lima bean sauce with a marigold flower garnish and buttermilk glaze, you're not really into the ingredients, and just want to eat.  I had to ask my server to repeat every course I was served at least twice - lol.

Perhaps if I hadn't been spoiled by Binkley's, that has an expansive menu that changes daily, and you pick from 4-7 courses BUT you are given about 6-8 amuse bouche (and bread which is served French style with choices) between courses, I suppose I would have been more impressed with Posh.  But not by much...笑
This food was beyond average. They obviously have high rent so the food is high priced. I would not eat here again. I really do not get the high praise of this chef. I would rather go across the street and eat at chipotle. ewwww笑
I really want to start this review with "I don't know where to begin". To make things easier on myself I will simply start at the beginning. I've been hearing about this place for months and am now wondering why I wasn't listening. 

We made reservations for 8:30 on a Saturday night and my one complaint will come out now... when we arrived the hostess had us seated at a small table in the corner. Insert infamous line from Dirty Dancing here in case you can't guess how I felt about that. The place was busy, but not packed and I asked the hostess if we could wait for seats at the long counter that surrounds the kitchen. (You really want to sit at the counter BTW).  She seemed a little put off by this and tried to dissuade us from waiting. I am not really sure why, because it wasn't like they were anywhere near closing and they do have a small bar. Really, what is a restaurant bar for if not to wait for your seats? I was insistent, because that corner could have ruined my evening - yes I am serious. 

So, two drinks at the bar later - we were shown to our seats in the center of the counter and brought menus. I am sure it has been explained somewhere along the Yelp-highway, but you cross off your individual paper menu anything you don't care for or have an allergy to and the chef does the rest of the work. I often use the process of elimination when I am overwhelmed by a restaurant menu, so this was perfect for me. The list of options isn't huge, but I chose to take off steak and shrimp. I have had all manner of preparation for steak and shrimp and this was a great opportunity to try something really different. 

I also love that you get a space at the bottom to write what you don't like. Beets touching my food could have been a game changer. Also, I don't personally care for chocolate. Letting them know these little details aids in tailoring your dinner and in preventing any disappointing or personally off-putting items from showing up on your plate. 

At our waiter's advice (he was terrific by the way and I wish I'd gotten his name, tall, glasses...) we went with a 5 course service, which he suggested based on how hungry we were. The brilliant thing about doing this with someone else who also likes to try new food is the ability to share and get to try twice as many fun food options. I was pretty excited to see frogs legs come out. My family is from Kentucky and while you can take the girl out of the woods... The highlights of our meal were definitely the sweetbreads and the kangaroo. The latter being a new one for me. It was surprisingly lean and did not at all taste like chicken. The flavor was nice, light and clean. Desserts were a chocolate crepe for my friend and this lovely little coconut Crème brûlée for me. We were both pleased. 

I was happy to learn that Posh has joined a growing group of Scottsdale restaurants offering lower cost (but high value) late night menus including drink specials. I am looking forward to visiting for that soon. Overall the whole experience was just really fun and enjoyable and I am ready to go back as soon as I find someone else willing to try kangaroo.笑
Good dinner but have to admit it wasn't as good as it has been in the past. Here's what we ate:

Eggplant stuffed zucchini
Seafood parsnip soup with fennel and brown butter
Salad with shaved egg yolks, broccoli, and Kalamata olives
Sea urchin with grapefruit, edible flowers, and Asian sauce with kale
Baby octopus with chickpea cake and 
Balsamic sauce
Striped bass in miso sauce with asparagus 
Soft shell crab in tempura batter with fingerling potatoes and apples
Bread with cardamom butter
Veal sweetbreads with Swiss chard and broccoli fondue
Frog legs with shiitake mushrooms and poached egg
Braised pork cheek with frisée salad and blood orange gastrique
Duck with onions and green beans
And of course a selection of desserts!笑
We eat here often, and have never been disappointed. The owner is very "hands on", and really knows his stuff. The food is always fresh and very good. It is an attractive dining area with lots of space. A great choice for a consistently wonderful experience.笑
This place provides an interesting concept where you fill out a form that allows you to specify things you DON'T like.  From there you choose the number of courses at a set price and are served a random set of courses.  This means you can get something you might be disgusted or thrilled by.  Neat concept but people are fickle and usually not as adventurous as they pretend to be.  

My meal was actually quite good and featured mostly seafood.  Lobster bisque, scallop, sweetbreads, mussels and poached pear.  Everything was prepared and presented in an elegant manner for everyone at the table.  Wine pairings were offered and we're quite good except the cheap port with dessert.

I'd do it again.  However, the cost per person and portion size will limit the number of times will go.笑
Great and definately a unique tasting experience.  To start my date and I did wander around at the beginning questioning whether it was a seat yourself type affair but were promptly and cordially greeted by staff who soon turned to our server.  He explained the concept of the food and tastings.  We soon found ourselves indecisive of what to choose but ended up taking the food and drink pairing substituting some of the items for savory foie gras and seafood.  The courses were art on plates and a firework of flavor in your mouth.  We were thrilled to catch it when they were open and actually came across it by chance.  The restaurant is a bit of a curiosity while driving but word of mouth is primarily how we heard of it.    I'll be a return for a special occasion to wow some guests or family members.  A majority may find that the pricing is a bit high and afterwards though the tasting was amazing I actually had to eat somemore afterwards.  It is a tasting but the stimulation on my appetite was so intense that the satiation factor had to be quelled with another meal.笑
I am a foodie!  This is a foodie's paradise and also my favorite restaurant in Scottsdale!  I love the unique dishes and trying things I would have never tried before.  The dishes are inspiring and fresh!  Out of all the times I have been here only one plate out of prob 300+ I was so so about.  

Ramen night is super cool and low key!笑
I feel POSH eating here - I absolutely LOVE this restaurant.  I have been here twice for the "regular" menu and once for ramen night. 

Rule 1: Always sit at the chef bar top so you can watch the kitchen or chat with the chef - it adds to the experience. They leave nice space between the chairs so you are not on top of other people either. 

First experience:  I leave all options open, I will try anything and everything. 
First Course:  A divine cheese uni.  This literally melted in my mouth and had so much flavor.  I wanted 4 more servings of this. 
Second Course: Octopus over polenta - the octopus was soft and tender and paired so well with the polenta and green onions.
Third Course:  Quail.  I called this the slutty quail the presentation cracked me up - legs up and stuffed. The meat was juicy and the skin was flavorful. 
Fourth (dessert): Flan - I licked the plate.. 

Second Experience: 
I cannot remember the order of what we had but I do remember some of the dishes;
We had a very yummy monk fish I believe in a yellow sauce.  This was so light and not fishy.  
I had the kangaroo over noodles- this blew my mind.  It was the first time trying kangaroo.  It is so lean and tender.  Paired with the noodles it was one of my favorite dishes. 

Third Experience: Ramen night
We started with the dumping appetizer.  These are great - and had the best crisp on the outside.
We kept seeing a vegetable pancake going out -its huge and looks delicious.  It was ordered a lot so it has to be good. 
We both got the seafood ramen.  Yumm- has a great seafood taste broth with Shrimp, Calamari and scallops. 

They also have their own hot sauces.  Most places that have their own hot sauces are not actually hot and are just mild and crowd pleasing.  Now I like spicy. They have a habanero and ghost pepper hot sauce- its dynamite! Soo spicy - I couldn't stop eating it and putting it in my ramen.  Its addictive. 

Each time I have been here it is always busy!  I recommend making a reservation.笑
Chef Joshua Hebert has a new super fan.  My husband and I found ourselves in Scottsdale, a city we have NO knowledge of and after a quick web search we decided to try this "concept" restaurant.  We are always searching for new food experiences and since we often will give up our food choices to a talented chef we did not find the premise behind this restaurant at all scary.

I would like to first address how comfortable this restaurant is.  It is very personable, not at all pretentious.  In this establishment it is ALL about the food.  The staff is very welcoming and extremely knowledgeable.  Even if you are not a food savvy patron, do not stress, you will be by the end of your dining experience.  Also make sure you have time at your disposal, this is not a rushed dinner.  The last thing as a patron you need to understand is that this is a multi-course meal, you are not choosing a plate of food and you're done.  There are multiple servings of THE BEST of the best and so if paying $60 and up for dinner is not in your budget just do not come.  I disagree with the people that say this is TOO expensive, it is well worth what you are experiencing.

We chose to be seated at the Chef's counter, why? because we wanted to give ourselves up completely to the experience.  It wasn't about us sitting at a table by ourselves talking about our day, this was going to be about the FOOD.  We were not disappointed.  Chef Joshua and his staff are not only culinary geniuses, but they are GREAT dinner companions.  We had great conversations about food and about our lives.  

I will not discuss each dish we had at length because honestly the chances of you having the same dishes are very slim.  I did find out though that Foie Gras is always on the menu and if you are a fan the upgrade to have that as one of your courses is highly recommended.  The Foie I had last night was served 3 ways and I will tell you that one of them was a Foie, Lemongrass sorbet.. WHAT WHAT, it was to die for amazing.  It was so good I would have been happy if the Foie Gras was the only course I was served that evening.  

The other thing I loved was that they did not serve my husband and I the same courses, so in reality we tasted twice the courses that we signed up for.  So "signed up for"?  When you are seated you are given a menu questionnaire in which you can cross off items that you would not be willing to eat, also it gives you the opportunity to let your chef know food that you may be allergic to or have an extremely dislike for.  You also choose whether you want a 5, 6, 8 or all the courses being offered that night.  Then Chef Joshua instructs his staff on the food that should be prepared for you.  I mean for you, right then from scratch with great love.  You can always tell when food is prepared with love.  The chefs who work here LOVE food and their craft   They took great pride in preparation and plating.  Each plate that comes to you looks as if it's ready for a photo shoot.

In the beginning I photographed each plate, but because the food is so extraordinary I would get so excited when the next course came that I would jump right into the dish and forget to take a picture.. LOL  You real foodies will understand what I mean.  I have included photos with my review taken from an iPhone so I apologize for the quality.

Finally we did not do a wine pairing.  I can never finish a meal let allow have all that wine and all these courses and not explode in my seat, so we each had a cocktail which were really tasty.  I had the Lambo, a bourbon cocktail that was excellent.  

Thank you Chef Joshua and a shout out to Chef Chris who is a fellow San Diegan, we had a great time and can not wait to come see you again.笑
Great date place! I was worried that I wouldn't like what they picked for me because I don't like vegetables but the chef worked right around that. The cheese plate was very good but the bread that it came with was fantastic!! The short ribs were great. I loved all of my wine pairings as well.笑
Tried Ramen Tuesday. 

We waited for 2 ramen bowls for more than 30 min (Ramen is Japanese version of fast food & should be ready in ~ 10min). My Miso Ramen came out cold. Nothing is worse than cold broth.

Posh ramen is not authentic.  It seems rather their interpretation of ramen. $12/bowl of ramen is not cheap. 

Service was slow, unfriendly & inattentive.  I wonder if this kind of service is offered with Omakase dinner course menu that I heard usually run $400+ for a couple. 

I really do not get what the hype is all about.  I'll just save the money & eat something better back home in Japan.笑
This fun concept restaurant was recommended by a local resort. Sadly, this restaurant fell short- very short. The cocktails were amateur, and the food was an extremely salty disappointment. We were not able to finish our meal as the first 3 courses were consistently below par. This is one to skip!笑
We love this place! We've been here for anniversaries and just a great night out. We brought my mother-in-law for her birthday as a surprise. She'd never heard of the place. She was not disappointed. We had the wine pairing with five courses. Plus a birthday dessert that we all shared. We had meat eaters, vegetarians, and people who were not adventurous with food. It worked out for each of us.I love how every dish seamed so special.  I look forward to returning for another food adventure.笑
So much fun. You never know what the waiter will bring out next and I didn't get a dish I didn't like. 

If you're going to do it though, I'd suggest just going all out with the never ending option. Get a bottle of wine, plan to spend a few hours and make a night of it. Otherwise, you'll go home light in the wallet AND a little light in the stomach.笑
I rarely give 5 stars and when I do, its because the entire meal from beginning to end was truly stellar.  

And Posh deserves 5 stars...

Hubby and I took 2 friends to dinner here and we had never eaten there before.  That's always a risk, but after reading my fellow yelpers critiques, I felt confident enough to do this.  We called the restaurant and spoke to Josh - yes, Josh from Posh.  You know I could not leave that one alone!  When I mentioned something about his obviously rhyming name, he said that he had only realized this after he named the restaurant.  Obviously, speaking to the owner - who was really nice to speak to.

We get to dinner early enough to have drinks at the bar.  The decor in the restaurant is just beautiful - very clean lines and a modern-hip vibe.  We were never rushed even when our bar time went past our 7:15 reservation.  Good sign.  We were seated as soon as we mentioned we were ready.

The four of us filled out the list of what we did not want to eat and all of us had the 6 courses with the wine pairing.  I scratched out 3 things: frogs legs, manila clams, sweetbreads.  After our wishes were submitted, they brought out an amuse bouche that was a mini ball that had goat cheese in it.  I wanted more and I knew it was the beginning of a great experience!

First course was a baby spinach salad with a very light vinagrette dressing and crispy duck crackling which was so yummy that I really would have licked the plate if I knew for sure no one would see me. Second course was Fluke prepared with a fabulous light sauce and served with a slice of honeydew melon.  Amazing.

The third course was the Foie Gras and I was too excited for words.  Anyone that knows me knows I'm a sucker for a perfectly prepared Foie.  The medallion was served with a large spun sugar topping and some yummy sauce.  I went to put it in my mouth and was surprised to find that it was served cold.  Now I love pate and love Foie Gras in all its forms but did not expect this.  I just thought it would be seared and served hot.  After the initial mental adjustment I had to make, The second bite was surreal - rich, mousse-like, so delicious with the wine they served.  I really thought this was unusual but welcomed the change.

The fourth course was a fabulous duck breast perfectly prepared in a broth that had a fresh black pepper taste but not overwhelming at all.  We were all trying to figure out what the other herb in it was - and they told us star anise.  So yummy.  The Fifth course was Venison over white polenta and I really didn't want to share but I did.  Dessert was a strawberry filled with homemade strawberry sorbet with some raspberry mini bombes.  

Hubby and I always try and figure out who "won" with most best dishes served.  He had Grouper when I had the Fluke and the Grouper was amazing.  He also had a lamb dish when I had the venison - and I can tell you if you get the lamb dish, your whole table will be jealous. Hubby thinks he won, but I'm not sure about that.  Also, our friends had different dishes that they each loved as much as Hubby and I loved ours.

The wines paired with each meal were perfect with what we were having.  Also, more importantly, we were never rushed in our courses - even once.  They allowed as much time as we wanted to enjoy everything and each other.  Nice.  Another factoid - Chef Josh (owner and executive chef) tries to buy as much local as he can.  Much of the vegetables, meat, wine and even the coffee are found locally and he supports the area while cranking out some amazing food.  

Oh, and he's like the nicest guy around.  As we left, he talked to us for a good 20 minutes.

Plan on spending $50 per person for a 5 course meal (excluding wine pairing or any adult beverages) which is truly a good deal when you see how much you get here.  You spend easily that much at many ho-hum cookie cutter steak places - and you won't get the experience that will have you telling your friends about it for weeks.

We're going back as soon as possible - this is on our permanent Favorites list!笑
From my perspective, this place is as good as it gets.  No menu here, although I'm sure they already know based on available ingredients what will be prepared for the evening.  Instead, you select what you don't or can't eat from a list and then are surprised by what comes out.  While this is somewhat foreign to a dining experience, we had fun with it, learning in the process that 2 ingredients we thought we didn't like were actually delicious given the preparation.

We both selected 5 courses (you select from 4-7 I believe) and it was plenty of food.  Servings are small but almost all of ours were delicious.  I had 2 fish dishes and enjoyed both, but the highlight was a deconstructed key lime pie for dessert.  

I'm not going to go on about ingredients in every dish and pretend to be the food critic I am not; rather, if you want a nice atmosphere, great service and outstanding food based on what you like and how you like things prepared, this place delivers.笑
Googled this place after driving by and seeing the name on the building.  Intrigued, we made reservations for their "seat before 5:30" sunset special pricing .

Had 5 course with wine pairing.  As advertised, this was just enough.  Left full but not stuffed.

Service was pleasant.  Not sure how truly improvised the meal is but the three of us never shared the same dish.  First courses were avocado black rice salad, anchovies and beets, and roasted pepper soup.  All good but the soup seemed a little safe for an improv restaurant.  Second course was three kinds of fish.  Third course was mussels, quail, and short ribs.  All tasty.  Fourth course was venison, pork belly, and pork loin.  Pork loin was too salty.  Dessert course was chocolate pot d creme, kumquat caramel flan, and strawberry shortcake with almond ice cream.  Ended the evening with some small palette cleansing treats.  

Wine pairings were adequate.  Some better than others.

All in all, a fun and tasty meal.  Would recommend but even at the 5pm pricing, be prepared it's fairly pricey.笑
Posh is simply incredible.  Unique concept similar to chef's tasting without any knowledge of what you'll actually receive.  It's more a license for constant exploration of ingredients and influences, all in small portion giving anyone a wonderful variety of notions, textures, and flavors.

While it is a bit daunting compared to those more acquainted with traditional dining, it's well worth taking the plunge and embracing the experience.

Food quality is across the board extremely high, there are moderate exceptions in some courses however through the exceptional highs that are reached in some moments, it does not even seem worthy of consideration as a negative.  

I have personally dined here countless times and taken quite a number of people with me in tow.  From those that were very familiar with high end dining to those that really had not left the midwest, all seemed to agree it was amongst the best of their dining experiences.  

I recommend doing at least the 7 course selection as portions are small, plan on being there for at least a couple hours but not realizing it has been long at all.

I will continue to frequent this establishment.  The owner and staff are all delightful food passionate people, prepare to enjoy yourselves.笑
Really wanted this to be good.....very dissatisfied.  Fish was dry, food was, in general not to the caliber I would have wanted from what they are representing.  Service was fair.  Good idea but for us, a miss.笑
What an amazing experience!!

This was a wonderful surprise by my fiancee for my birthday. He knows I'm a foodie and will try just about anything.  We sat at the bar so we could talk with the chefs and watch all the action in the kitchen. The server came over and explained how the menu work. We proceeded to mark off anything we didn't want to eat and chose the 6 course option. 

Course after course was done elegantly and cooked/spiced to perfection! Even the fiancee loved the fish he normally doesn't eat. I'd skip the frog legs next time, too salty. The other downside is you are likely to leave hungry...

I've never seen or heard of anything like this before and would love to go back!笑
This place was AuhMazing. My husband took me here for a surprise date night while we were staying in Phoenix for work. We got the wine pairing which let me tell you was fully worth it. The food was on point, they captured exactly what each of us liked with barely any information. There wasn't a dish we didn't absolutely enjoy. We sat at the bar area which turned out to be a great idea as we could chat with the chefs which made the experience even more special. We will totally be back the next time we are in the area.笑
Tried calling in my order as I normally do and can't get anyone to answer the phone. Last Tuesday took me 6 attempts till someone finally answered. When I arrived I expected it to be packed since the weather is cooling down. Walked into a ghost town and my order ended up being wrong. Super disappointed and sad that Jessica is gone.笑
On the first Wednesday of every month starting at 10pm, Posh rolls out their "Japanese Street Eats" improvisational cuisine: a unique night were foodies can come and try "cheap" common street foods with the fancy and quirky Posh twist. After 4 months of not being able to attend (schedule, last minute changes, etc), my group of 6 and I finally made it here.

The street eats Wednesday is every frugal foodies dream: a chance to try a $$$$ restaurant at a budget I can afford and really determine if I want to come back and spend my entire salary on a regular night here. It makes me feel fancy without having to be scared about my bank account later, and you know, late night food is always so damn delicious. 

But yet, here  I am, being one of the few douches that is giving Posh a 3 star review. What about my experience could have possibly made this place just OK in my book? A combination of poor execution, terrible service and unimpressive flavors.

Now not everything is terrible. I actually quite enjoyed my Goma Ramen, served with an additional soft egg. Having the egg in the soup should not be an "extra" add on but an important component of the soup: opening the egg and letting the yolk flow out allows the broth to become creamier and elevate the entire flavors of the dish. The base broth of the Goma Ramen was pretty mild and tasty, but the Shoyu broth literally tasted like watered down soy sauce: a dark water full of salt. My Goma had great pork belly pieces and the piece of pepper was crunchy  and a little spicy, while the Bok Choy was waay overcooked and placed like a large piece, impossible to eat even with my best chopstick skills. I enjoyed the thicker ramen noodles and I did not hesitate to add some squeezed limes to my soup, regardless of my server's strong disagreement for my order.

Then Posh decided to inaugurate the internet-crazed new invention: the Ramen burger. For those of you unaware of the newest cronut replacement, the ramen burger replaces the regular buns on a burger with cooked, egg-added and fried-into-patties ramen noodles. At $15 we were all excited to give this craze a shot, so much so that 4 of us got the burger and the remaining 3 stuck to the soup.

The famed Ramen burger was about the size of a large slider, using a fried scallop in lieu of a beef patty. The concoction was served alongside a small potato salad which my friend's were raving about. Unfortunately, those 4 cooked pieces of potatoes were better than the star of the dish itself: the ramen buns were oily, the scallop was overcooked and the thickness of it was not consistent between the diners at our table. The famous ramen burger fell short and left our peers ready to make a McDonalds run. I shared some of my ramen with them and that kept them content for the remainder of the evening.

Maybe harder to accept the fact that our pent up excitement about this place had died down, was the sad realization that the service was below awful. We kept looking around for our server, had to keep reminding him to bring us more water (about 4 times when we were lucky enough to see him near our table) and had to send our requests more than once before we could get it. I saw another server passed by and exchanged glances, having her clearly see me and hear "excuse me can we get some more water please?". She smiled back and kept walking. Hey, Thanks.
Even worse than that, our soups came out but we had to wait about 5-10mins before the ramen burgers came out, leaving our burger eaters there waiting while we already had our food. One burger didn't come out for 30mins. We later found out that it was because they had miscalculated the orders and had ran out of the prepped food to make his burger. Understandable mistake but maybe he should have told him as soon as the mistake was identified and not 30mins later when his food arrived (and we were already done eating ours). They didn't charge him for the burger, thankfully, as he didn't quite enjoy the taste of it when it finally came.

So, is there any silver lining with Posh? Absolutely. Two of our peers have attended Posh on a regular night and truly loved it. Unfortunately, their street eats disappointed and makes foodies like me worried about spending more cash at a place that fell so short from expectations.笑
Oh my Posh!

The service here was really great, so that's always a good start. I enjoyed our food although both of our seafood dishes were slightly overcooked, and my fish was overseasoned. The sweetbreads and kangaroo were both very well cooked and flavored. The presentation was clean. 

I'd say the name is a little bit misleading as it's not really "improvisiational." To me, improv is just executing without prior thought. Based on what we ate, and what we observed being delivered to other guests, you can tell they had set dishes. 

I really enjoyed my dessert which was a piped pistachio cheesecake with puff pastry. 

I'd probably go back again for Restaurant Week since it's cheaper, but not sure if I'd go any other time.  It was real, it was fun, but it wasn't real fun.笑
One of the top restaurants in Phoenix. I have been several times and bring out of towners here anytime I get the chance. If you are picky (see a previous illogical review) then coming here makes no sense. It is for people who are adventurous and open to new things. What the accomplish is amazing. You may not like all the dishes but this is a journey that will take you to new and fantastic places. Not many restaurants can also be great entertainment.笑
I loved this place! We were in Scottsdale for spring training and I am so happy we got lost and found it. We asked the Executive Chef (not knowing who he was at the time) for directions to a real estate office and also about what "Improv Cuisine" meant. We were super excited by his description and immediately made a reservation for that night---loved the cuisine and the service and the atmosphere. Absolutely a must enjoy for any Bay Area Foodie visiting Scottsdale!笑
Finishing my first review up...


My favorite part! Dessert. It was my birthday, so I had all 4 desserts (I don't recall if this was a birthday only thing or what they do for everything).

Flan | Walnuts | Berries | Cognac Caramel Sauce - Tasty, but a bit too sweet. Not enough balance here for me. 3/5 

Chocolate Sacher-Torte | Chocolate Cake Ice Cream | Chocolate Decor | Port Soaked Cherries. Tasty, but the tort was a lot to take in after a 3 hour eating session. 3/5

Kiwi | Honeycomb | House-Made Ricotta | Bee Pollen - This was my favorite dessert. Just the right amount of sweetness to go along with the savoryness. 5/5

Root Beer Bundino | Ginger Pastry Cream | Ginger Beer - I had requested a palate cleanser after the kangaroo, and this was what they brought me. It did the job! 4/5

Strawberry | Oats | Rhubarb | Shortcake | Strawberry Ice Cream | Rhubarb Sauce - Again, another great balance here. Not too sweet, not too savory, just the right mix. 5/5

To end off the night I got a frozen lemon curd lollipop, which was quite interesting. I've never had anything like it, but it was a great way to end the meal 4.5/5

Onto my least favorite part of the meal... the bill. You obviously see the $$$$. You are going to be paying for this meal. I will tell you though, that even though it is going to cost you, and all the food might not be exactly the best thing in the world, overall, you will have an experience like never before.笑
I went to Posh to check out the hype, to see if it's really worth all the accolades. It fell short. By short, I mean we left after the fifth course because the food was bleh. If I had my way we would have left after the third. Especially since they have an unbelievable wait between courses. We were there for three hours! 
The amuse was interesting, combining peanut butter, tomatoes, avocado, cocoa and chili powder. The chili powder was undistinguishable. 
My melon salad was the best thing I had, but the honey dew was not ripe. It tasted like biting into the rind of a watermelon. 
The mahi mahi was dry, rubbery, and over seasoned. The mushrooms and broth were the saving grace of the dish. 
I threw up after the foie gras (and I really love foie gras). The sorbet was ok but lacked seasoning. The honey comb and fritter type thing was overly sweet and the seared was like biting into canned Vienna sausage. Even the memory makes me gag. 
They served me a pork cheek after and it was like biting into gelatinized fat. And to top it off was extremely salty. 
My partner wasn't as dissatisfied as I was. He ate the portions I didn't finish. But he did say we could have had a better dinner at outback, which is one of our least favorite places. 
The service was good but slow. Especially since the server said he controlled the pacing of our meal. To be fair there was only one other server, a bartender and four dudes in the kitchen. 
I really wanted to give one star, but the decor and set up was great and our server was super knowledgeable and helpful, that is when he was able to serve us.笑
In lieu of exchanging Christmas gifts, my friend and I decided to go out for a great meal. Someplace new and something we normally wouldn't have thought to try.
I remembered reading a review about Posh several months ago but I couldn't remember the name of the restaurant, where it was located...So a big thank you to Gabi M and Joel L. for setting me straight.
I enjoy going out to eat with my friends, but never have I felt truly excited to try a restaurant that I have never been to. I was so excited that I was actually worried that I was going to be let down.
I called yesterday to make reservations for today. I spoke with Josh (I'm not sure if it was Chef Joshua Herbert - owner) I knew from the minute he answered the phone that no matter what I thought about the food, the service was going to be out of this world.
So finally the time comes and we make our way to the restaurant. We are greeted at the door by Chef Joshua. He greeted us, showed us to our seats, came and talked to us during our meal and walked us out. Some might consider it a little touch, but it made us feel special.
Overall the service was out of this world amazing. Our drinks constantly being refilled, fresh silverware for each course...And, at each course, our server asked us how we enjoyed that selection. She did so in a way that made is seem like she was asking because she genuinely cared, not because she had to.
We each ordered the 6 course meal ($80/person), sans wine. My only restriction; no olives!
So here's what we had:
Me:
Amuse bouche - Champagne sorbet and cinnamon caviar 

Course 1: Butternut Squash soup with beet puree

Course 2: Ahi tuna sashimi with watermelon radish, blood oranges with red and black tobiko caviar

Course 3: Loup de Mer (a buttery rich, silky white fish), buttered leeks, fingerling potatoes with a black garlic and mustard sauce

Course 4: Pork Tenderloin with chayote squash and braised broccolini in a bacon broth

Course 5: Quail with Duck sausage stuffing, asparagus and creamy polenta.

Course 6: Lemon something with spun sugar, berries and a green tea puree.

My friend:
Amuse bouche - Champagne sorbet and cinnamon caviar 

Course 1: Frisee salad with green apple, spicy macadamia nuts, goat cheese and hibiscus sauce.

Course 2: Course 2: Ahi tuna sashimi with watermelon radish, blood oranges with red and black tobiko caviar (same as mine)

Course 3: Shrimp with ramen noodles, leeks and goma sauce

Course 4: Wild Boar Bacon, glazed parsnips, pecans, chives and cumin sauce

Course 5: Venison with mesquite shallots, spelt and sour cherry puree

Course 6: Ginger pecan tartlets with a cranberry puree.

Everything I had was great. I have no complaints about anything I ate.  The ahi sashimi and Pork tenderloin were probably my favorites. I only wish there was something a bit more exotic. 

My friend wasn't so lucky. She was very disappointed with the frisee salad. If you don't know what frisee is, its the lettuce you throw out when you open one of those prepacked salads from the grocery store. Also, her third course, she LOVED the shrimp (I thought they were slightly overcooked) but thought the noodles were ordinary at best.

With those few things aside, we both thoroughly enjoyed not just our meals but the overall experience.
We sat at the bar as recommended by Chef Joshua and Joel L. It was fascinating to watch and I was very impressed at how well everyone worked together as a team. I kind of missed the interaction with the cooks. I was expecting the type of interaction that I experienced at St. Francis but did not get it.

I think this restaurant is a great concept and very well executed. It is pricey ($220 for two, with tip and 1 cocktail each, no wine) and not something I can afford to comeback to regularly, but I sure wish I could!笑
i had high expectations. i should have known better. sigh.

it's set in a cool location off of scottsdale rd, just north of the fashion square, tucked into one of those new, hip condo/loft/fancy places. 

the decor is pretty cool - and the open kitchen concept would have been awesome if a) i could have seen what they were doing and b) if it wasn't so dang dark! the optometry student in me was aghast at the dearth of light in the kitchen.... perhaps that;s why so many of our courses were amiss?

i think the concept has been beat to death here, so i'll skip that. the husband and i decided to NOT do a wine-pairing (as we aren't big on any non-white wines... or wine for that matter), and decided to cross off our list anything that was not to our liking - which we decided was anything commonplace that we could get anywhere. so out went strip steak, shrimp... and some other things so normal i've completely forgotten them.

we left uni, kangaroo, fluke, sea bass, and a couple other things on there. our only requests - no raw onions for me (weird allergy/sensitivity thing), and no ginger for the husband (apparently he thought we were at a sushi bar and he was going to be force-fed heaps of raw ginger?).

amuse bouche: something strange and nondescript, like melons and meat? melons, pine nuts and something else that is atypical. now, i'm ALLLLLL for the experimental tastes, but some tastes just don't work. ever.

first course: curried root veggie soup with popped sesame seed oil stuff for me - eh. it was ok, but there was TOO much soup for a curry soup. i wouldn't die if i never had tasted that. husband had an endive/pear/green onion salad - that tasted like oily green onions. super onion-y. in summary, we were disappointed, and THIS WAS THE FIRST COURSE. boo.

second course: roasted/seared sea bream (or sea bass?) on a bed of creamy leeks and mushroom compote - now, THIS was a much better and tastier way to start. i was happy, but husband wasn't the biggest fan. he had uni sashimi-style, with daikon, pea sprouts, some kind of sauce and fried GINGER. which he had requested none of. i actually think it was garlic, but the server said it was ginger. now, this was great in my opinion, being a lover of uni - BUT everything should have been eaten together, like the amuse bouche. i recommend putting a little bit of everything on your spoon and THEN taking a bite.

third course: kangaroo med-rare on a sweet potato puree with eggplant caponata. so i had 4 little cubes of eggplant, woohoo. and the sweet potato was AMAZING! it was the highlight of my meal. the kangaroo was ok. not bad, but not rock-my-world good. husband had short ribs and something else. it was alright.

fourth course: dessert. we got a lemon gelee with lemon and blackberry cream, and a shortbread cookie/cracker with creme and spun sugar. the desserts were.... ok. a little strong, and didn't seem to really meld the way that they were intended to. 

we got a frozen lollipop of something and a mini bag of tiny cookies to go at the end. these were waaaay better than the plated desserts, sadly.

we had ordered 2 drinks - something from the sweet cocktails, and the moscow mule..... DANG, their cocktails are stroooong! at least you get your $$$s worth! our waiter recommended the mule to my husband  (who, may I remind you, is not a huge ginger fan, as that was the ONE thing he put on his "do not like" list) - and it's made with a ginger ale/beer. anyways, they took it back, and he ordered a nice cava instead. 

the damage done? close to $200. DAAAAAAANG. 
was it worth it? no. would i go again? clearly not. yes, it's chic, yes the presentation is pretty killer. unfortunately, it just doesn't live up to the hype. please don't make the same mistake that I did! believe me, and save yourself a few pretty pennies.笑
Improvisational cuisine seems to be a new concept in town.  One that is bold, exciting, and dangerous.

What I thought I was in for:  I tell the chef what I like, and he or she makes it.  I began to ask myelf before being seated if I wanted Thom Ka Gai soup, chilean sea bass, or some kind of pasta.  Well, I was completely off on the whole process.

This is what you are in for:  Once seated, you will receive a menu that is similar to a sushi menu.  You mark your likes and dislikes from a basic list.  You are providing "just enough information" about your own preferences and restrictions for the chef to design your meals.  You can order anywhere from four courses to seven courses.  For an additioal fee, you can add a wine pairing to each course which I highly recommend.

Things to note: Portions are extremely small, so order all seven courses as this does include soup, salad, and dessert.  My party and I ordered five, thinking it would be more than enough, and it barely satisfied our food cravings. Perhaps we were there on an off night, but we were at the restaurant for a good two and a half hours.  Despite the small size of the courses, we seemed to wait for thirty minutes between each course.  Know what everything is that you check on the list.  My friends checked the sea urchin because it had a cool-sounding name.  What they got was this pink stuff that looked like toothpaste, and tasted like sea water.

So, on to the improvisational menu.  Your first selection will be how many courses you would like, and if you wish them to be paired with wine.  I suggest the full tasting menu, which will set you back $110, but you will likely have eight or nine courses to sample.  If pairing with wine, the cost is $165.  The bare minimum is four courses at $45, but it will only make you hungry.

Sample items for you to cross off or check: chilean sea bass, quail, kobe, venison, kangaroo, frog legs, foie gras.  Along with selecting meat and fish temperatures, there is a small space for one to write their allergies and dislikes.  I took up most of the menu's space by sharing all of the things I love, along with all of those that I don't.  I hardly think it mattered, however.

Largest disappointment you will have: you mark eight items that you like on the menu, you order a four course meal and you get four of the items you like the least.  So, again, order big.

Greatest attraction: It's a surprise.  You don't know what you are getting, how it will taste, or what to expect.  This is a foodie's dream, or nightmare...?  If taking someone here on a first date, make sure they are open to trying something very new, and know the meaning of the word "culinary adventure."

Below is a taste of my five courses at Posh:
Frog leg on a roasted tomato with fennel sauce, paired with a Greek Boutari Kretikos, Volans blend, 2008.  (A few frog legs, excellent taste!)

Baby octopus salad with fingerling potatoes and lettuce paired with Olegario Albarino, rias baixas, 2006 (Great pairing)

Royal Tokaji Co., Tokaji Aszu, 5 puttonyos, 2005 Hungarian dessert wine paired with Foie Gras broulet served with strawberry and raspberry and a citrus sauce. (Another great pairing, but foie gras broulet style is something I never want to eat again.  I don't want my goose liver pate to be sweet.)

Quady Elysium Red Muscat Dessert Winepaired with chocolate pate with olive oil and sea salt (Amazing, likely our favorite item amongst the courses)

I cannot give this place five stars, due to our long wait time, and the very small size of the portions versus the price.  However, I hope to return someday soon and try the full tasting menu.笑
Not a good experience. Made the reservation several weeks in advance. Poorly greeted, asked to move to another table but told nothing available even though only three tables were taken at the time. Somewhat of a rude response by hostess. Waiter was kind but lacked enthusiasm for a menu that is quite confusing. There was a very bad smell that was offensive and lingered. I think it was that nights dinner. We left without ordering. It was just bad all around.笑
This place thinks an awful lot of itself. The parking stinks, the service is pompous, the ambiance is not reflective of a $200 dinner and the food is really marginal.

If you have a Groupon, do yourself a favor and don't mention it until the end of the meal. I get the feeling that Grouponers are a nuisance and the red-headed stepchild of full-price paying patrons.  

The Groupon is for a "full tasting", but as we observed others' dishes, the two of us were basically served half servings, equalling a single meal between the two of us.  

Here's another observation. They serve you what "they" want.  You're given a list of eligible items and are asked to cross off what you have no interest in.  You should make sure that the only items not crossed off are the ones you want to be served, because you may leave the Veal and Prime Strip on your list, but they don't bring you that...instead you get a tiny piece of squid or chicken.

BTW, the valet closes at 9:00.  Our 3 hour crap dinner ended at 10:30 and we were stranded, and had to hunt down our keys by calling the valet company who referred us to another restaurant - which was closed - to retrieve our keys.  

Unequivocally one of the worst dining experiences ever.笑
This was one of the most disappointing dining experiences I have ever had. Great concept in theory, but sadly only in theory.  Too many good restaurants in Scottsdale to sacrifice a night here.笑
It's fun and interesting.  I enjoyed the experience, but I thought the food wasn't that great.  They're all interesting, but like all things you're not going to like it all.  I thought the frog leg pho was a little syrupy (too simmered down?) and the frog legs were overcooked.  The baby octopus dish was very good, as well as the quail.  The japanese potato salad was good, but wasn't impressive - its a side dish at Korean restaurants and its free!  The quail egg was a nice touch.  

Like I said, the food ranges from good to very good - but its really the experience you're paying for.笑
I came here for my birthday and forgot to bring my phone. The benefit being I truly was able to enjoy the experience. The downside, I have no photos or exact descriptions of what I ate. All I can say is we went with the omakase, which ended up being about 12 courses and ate from 6:15 to 9:15 pm. Everything was delicious, decadent, and I am so glad I chose this place for my birthday dinner! This is a great date spot, or special occasion restaurant, especially for those who don't want to pick just one thing off the menu and if you like to try new things. 

My advice: when you receive the menu, really think about the items you don't like or can't tolerate and mark down your preferences, allergies, everything. All fish and terrestrial meat are potentially going to be served. Make sure you mark your preference regarding rareness as well. If you're a sensitive person to spice make sure you note this too!

We did not go with the wine pairing, but we did add an upgrade of foie gras to each of our menus. I would say we could've shared one plate of this easily, very rich, with multiple options. The Omakase came with a cheese plate, also.  I went with the servers suggestion and ordered a chardonnay to begin with and finished with a red. Two glasses was plenty for me and I was still able to enjoy every bite. 

I would say next time I will likely not drink at all, or stick to one glass. I'd go with the 5 or 6 course option now that I've tried so many different things here and I'd add a cheese plate upgrade.

If you plan on going with the omakase, set your reservation as early as you can. The food was delicious but I think I would prefer to have finished eating early in the evening. 

Regardless, I have no regrets.笑
My Wife and I spent 3-nights in Sedona and 3-nights in Scottsdale for vacation, and far and away, this was our best meal. As a meat & potatoes guy from Texas I was worried I'd be way outside of my comfort zone, but I took a risk. From my first cocktail to the Amuse-bouche (I googled this) to the last of 7-courses, I was in heaven. They let me specify what things I don't like and the chefs made a 7-course meal that fit my tastes like total pros. By the time we left, we knew every employees name (6-people) and felt like we were apart of the family.

I can't wait to get back out to Sedona/Scottsdale and visit this restaurant again.笑
For the past 4 months every time I passed POSH I pointed it out and said "I want to eat there".  Well my wish finally came true Tuesday night.
I have a love/hate relationship with choices but  I just simply love POSH.

Here is the break down:
Step 1.
Pick number of courses
Step 2.
Pick specialty items
Step 3. 
Pick your proteins
Step 4.
Special Comments/Allergies

The number of courses range from 4-15 (full tasting menu).  I ordered 4 courses and it was plenty.  I left perfectly satisfied, though I'm typically a light eater.

Our plates ranged from rabbit to duck to caviar.  I was disappointed when I got a plate full of baby octopi (why did I pick baby octopus from the protein list???). 3 out of 4 of my dishes were delicious (the previous mentioned not being one of them), two were even spectacular and the experience was just plain fun. 

This place is a total kick!  Great for a date.
Prices range from $45 - indefinitely.笑
Not your everyday restaurant but a fun experience.  You really never know what's coming out next!笑
First time here I was surprisingly shocked at the portions, we did the largest tasting menu...trust me we don't need much and love 'french" portions, but was disappointed,.  I loved the foi gras and sweet bread so much that I thougt we could give it another try...got the bigger portions of both, and I have to tell you I would give 5 stars just for their chilled foi gras and sweet breads, probaly at this moment the BEST  I have ever tasted~~~the preparation of the foi gras, amazing and melts in your mouth and the sweet breads just to die for...I probaly should try the tasting menu one more time, since I love surprises, but don't know if I could resist just ordering those 2 items!!!! (waiter was great, we did a similar tasting menu just with bigger portions of those items, just an FYI)笑
It was first time eating an improv menu restaurant and boy did this creat a great experience for me. I went there for the sunset discount and it was totally worth the trip. I highly recommend sitting on the bar being that it is an open kitchen and quite entertaining see all of the chef do their work. I have also been there for Posh Roman which is every tuesday's and boy are you in for a treat. 12 dollars what seems to be a bottomless bowl of roman. You won't regret coming here.笑
I adore the concept of this restaurant! 

I have been here twice now and I am hooked! Both times I have gotten the 5 corse and it was awesome! I love the "menu" and just being able to cross off what you won't eat. The element of surprise here is what really makes this place fun. I have never been disappointed here, the food really is wonderful! If you are willing to be adventurous and try new things, this is the place for you! 

The service is always great and the atmosphere is awesome! Make sure you look nice! This would be a cool place for a first date or a birthday dinner!笑
We were very excited to eat at Posh but found it disappointing.  For improvisational cuisine I expected the food to be a little more exciting.  I only crossed off a couple of items (frogs legs and duck leg) and felt they had plenty of opportunity to wow me.  I was served carrot soup, mussels,  and short ribs.  It was not at all exciting or different and the servings were so small I wanted to go some place else after.  My husband had salad, bison and squid.  The squid was over cooked but the bison was good.

There are so many good places in the valley, I just won't go back. The only good thing was our server Timothy.  He made the night and I would suggest you ask for him if you go.  Just don't expect a lot of food or anything that creative.  I love eating out and I don't mind spending a lot for good food, I just can't belive how boring it was.笑
This restaurant came highly recommended as an adventurous experience. But in the end, I just felt like Posh was trying very hard to be clever without being innovative. 

First off, let me just say that the service was excellent and spot on. Our waitress knew just the right time to stop by our table and we felt very well taken care of.

The restaurant has a certain rotating menu already set and then tries to make it seem like it's made especially for you. They do try somewhat to fit into your likes/dislikes and dietary restrictions. They used a number of unusual game -- wild boar bacon, sweetbread, quail, frog legs -- but it seemed they used the novelty of the food rather than focusing on the prep of it. I mean, I've had all of those items (except the wild boar bacon). Give me something special. Well, they just didn't deliver. Don't get me wrong. The food was very good but it didn't blow me away in any respect.笑
What a great innovative way to eat! My hubby and I enjoyed the concept to this restaurant! We chose 7 courses with the wine paring. It was all fabulous! My first time trying kangaroo, chewier than I expected. The wine choices were a great match. We will be going back to this restaurant when we return to the Scottsdale area.笑
came here on ramen night and really liked our dining experience, our waiter was on top of things but not too in or face which I prefer :) the menu was simple, easy and tasty!  would definitely like to come experience their typical dining menu...笑
Most creative and palate provoking restaurant we've been to in a long, long time. Fabulous!!笑
Went to posh for a mixture of occasions (engagement party and not one, but three birthdays). Party of 8 and I think they did a fantastic job!

We made reservations for earlier in the evening because ***They have cheaper prices if you go earlier***.  We opted for 6 course including a cheese plate.  As long as you are willing to try some new things, this is a very fun experience.  If you are a little on the picky side.... Don't worry, so am I and I'd still recommend this place!  However, If you are picky AND you are afraid to try new things, I'd skip it for one of the many great places down the street.

Courses were smaller, but you're getting a bunch so don't fret.   The other reviews where people complained about leaving hungry, I'm not sure if they came on an off night or what, because we all left stuffed!  

The courses were unique and all had their own flair.  I was served a range of items... Salmon, quail, a white a white fish I don't remember the name of, and a small red meat plate.  There were 8 of us and we usually got 3-4 different dishes served to us, so if you go with a big group and are all friendly you might be able to try some other things ;)

The meal was served at a perfect pace too.  Not too slow, and definitely not too fast like most restaurants.  We didn't get wine, but if you did I would imagine it's enough time for you to sip and enjoy your glass and chat before the next course.

My girlfriend had a fee weird food allergies and they were very willing to accommodate.


The only negative I have about Posh is really the ambiance if the place. There is somthing off about it.  I don't know if I would call it a lack if refinement or what.  But for potentially $100+ per person I just expect the little things, like a more modern looking kitchen or more refined staff...I don't know.  I can't put my finger on it.  They are close though!笑
As you can can see from my previous review, we used to love this place. It had become our Go-To for special events over the last 4 years. We always end up there during AZ restaurant week (when it's a few $ less expensive) because it's my friends moms birthday. This year was the big 60. 

It feels like every-time we go the experience goes downhill a little bit and I think this time was the final. 

First, there are limited underground parking spots for Posh, there is complimentary valet who was no where to be found when one of our two cars showed up and since the spots aren't marked "valet" just "Reserved for Posh" that car parked itself. As the driver was getting out of the car the valet arrived and told him he couldn't park there as it was for Posh. After continuing a ridiculous conversation the valet agreed not to make him pull out and let him just hand over the keys. For the second car of our group we had someone with a disability for whom steps are a challenge. When we asked the valet where the elevator was he pointed it out - but didn't mention that customer can't use it because it is behind a locked door that requires a badge. 

Second, every time we go it seems that they add tables/seats and are fitting more and more people into the restaurant. Which is fine if the service and quality of food also keep up. They didn't! 

We had members who had never been & were nervous about not choosing what they would eat. We talked the place up about who the waiter always followed up to make sure you like your dish and were very good at replacing an item if it was totally unpalatable. Also we noted that typically everyone gets a different dish so sharing and trading are a part of the fun. 

We were proven wrong. We only got two different dishes most of our courses and I'm convinced that it's because I don't eat fish! Our waiter never checked on us after the food arrived. One of the desserts basically was inedible to me and the waiter asked me to switch with someone else when I flagged him down. When I told him no one else in our group liked it either he sighed....sighed and said he would get me something else but it would take some time.

Of course it took some time as the wait time between courses was over the top on this visit - sometimes 15 minutes.  Posh has always given a little frozen lollipop at the very end. Other groups received it but we had to ask our waiter and again he informed us that he would get us some but did we really want to wait? 

Bad service is one thing if the food is amazing but the food wasn't amazing. In fact, there wasn't one course that I would actually want to try again. 

Add to that a $3.95 charge for a can of Diet Coke to an average dinner cost of $65 a person means we are looking for a new place to celebrate the 61st birthday.笑
if i have paid for this meal, i'd be pissed, period!

but since i was among work colleagues, i faked my smile, i toasted my glass, i ate my meal in small bites, and filed just a little tiny complaint to our waitress at the end of my meal. 

Me: "I understand you are a improvisational cuisine restaurant, so you pretty mudh dictate what is being offered to my 4-course meal. yes?"

Waitress with smile: "Yes"

Me - afraid my colleagues might hear my complaint and judge me as hard-to-please bitch - wispered in my best manner:  "not that i am complaining, but i clearly indicated on my direction list no veggies.  Can you please explain to me why i started up my meal with a salad and ended it with a carrot cake?"

Waitress still in smiles:  "I am sorry, we should have paid more attention to it.  Here is some chocolate."

suuuuuuure..  

and that frigging chocolate bar is something to compensate for my goddamn 4-course $150 bucks meal??!  I have had Salad! some Veggie mixed crap, more veggie mixed beef, and at the end, CARROT cake!  you gotta be effing kidding me!!

and let me tell you, that foie gras tasted GAMY!  GAMY!!笑
We came in for restaurant week since they were offering such a great deal. Our experience was a good one and I would come back again for a special occasion. 

Posh is different from your typical restaurant in that their menu does not contain dishes but rather ingredients that you deselect if you do not want them as apart of any courses dish. I was willing to try all seafood items and so only deselected the land dwellers options. We chose the five course option and I had the following dishes brought to me: a spring leaf mix salad with watermelons and mustard vinaigrette, uni cheesecake served in a cucumber sauce topped with rapini, squid over black beans and sashito peppers lightly dressed in cilantro oil, a blackened rainbow trout steak served over roasted cauliflower purée and finally for dessert a custard like cake made from crepe batter served with a sweet sauce cherries and peaches. This is overly picky but I really disliked the silver ware, it was difficult and uncomfortable to handle. The wine was very good as well as the cocktail selection. 

I would recommend sitting at the chef counter to watch the action. This place is quite fun, creative and the food is very good. It is a pricey joint but to be expected for the amazing dishes that are served up!笑
I really wanted to like this place.  I begged my husband for a month to take me here.  I was so disappointed.  

Portions are obviously small, but what we did get made no sense.  The foods did not compliment each other, did not emphasize the meat serving and the octopus was so fishy we had to send it back.

The service lacked, our waitress seemed like she was in a rush to turn our table and we are fast eaters.

So morale of the story...dont believe the hype of Posh.笑
One word: pretentious. I could also add ridiculous, unbelievable and pointless, but pretentious just fits best. I wrote an extensive review on www.southwestshenanigans.com, so I'll keep it to the main complains here (which will still be plenty to read):

- you sit in a room that has the kitchen in the center, open, which means you don't only have containers of oils and lots of cardboard boxes in plain sight, you also have the steam and smell of all the dishes prepared lingering in the air
- you get dishes prepared long beforehand that are not improvisational at all, and you get the same as almost all the other guests
- we waited 45 minutes for our third course without being acknowledged in any way by our waiter
- they "forgot" one of our courses and the waiter didn't believe us when we told him so
- the food is advertised in big words and fancy terms but it is rather generic. First course was four tiny pieces of tomato, four tiny pieces of watermelon, some miniscule cheese crumbs and dressing. Yes, that was a whole course
- one course was the exact same as the amuse bouche we got, just with an herb added and a scallop on top
- the waiter couldn't tell us what was on the cheese plate you could order and couldn't tell us what flavor the ice cream lollipop was we got at the end
- we were told our long wait was due to stress in the kitchen, which was a blatant lie, as we could see into the kitchen and several times cooks stood around doing nothing 
- some dishes were cold
- seasoning was absolutely mediocre 
- they charge you $5 for an iced tea

TLDR; they do not at all deliver what they promise, neither when it comes to the food nor to the service, it is generic food hidden behind fancy words. It is neither improvisational nor unique or even adventuresome.

We do not recommend Posh Restaurant.笑
So this  place is definitely for foodies.  I like food. Actually, I love food.  However this isn't my type of place. It may be *too* foodie for me.  However, if you are really into food this would be the place for you. Basically you are given basic ingredients from which your meal will revolve and you are asked to pick what you absolutely won't eat.  I'm not talking "I won't eat mushrooms", but they ask if you will eat really out there things like snail urethras. Not really, but I didn't know what a lot of the stuff was.  Perhaps I'm not as adventurous as I thought.   

I've eaten meat from little shacks in Morocco (and subsequently got worms) so I'm not *that* scared, but I am just not into eating really really unique foods. Besides, the street meat in Morocco was super cheap. ;)笑
Ramen night was overrated, just like the regular dining experience I had at Posh in the past. The broth was over flavored, too oily, too salty, and overall too rich. The reason ramens, or any good Asian noodle soups for that matter, are so delicious is because they are simple, satisfying and not too fancy. This place, not so much.笑
We noticed a sign on the Optima,(where we live) which we had no idea it was even there. Decided to go check it out. We sat at the high top overlooking the kitchen , which was very nice to see how clean it was. 

Once handed the menu we were obviously confused,( you will know what i mean if you go in,) it is similar to a sushi restaurant as far as you get a piece of paper that you check off. How many courses and what you DONT Eat. After that its all the chefs say.

It was really fun not knowing what you were going to get and after your first course you are really sitting ther with your mouth water. 

We got a seven course dinner or maybe five?? With a wine pairing. Everything was fantastic, I didnt care fore the braised pork thing with bacon but it was good just not my cup of tea with all the fat. 

The Chef was wonderful to explain what we were eating and why it works and the idea behind it. I recommend sitting at the kitchen seats just for that.

The desert was the best I have ever had. It was a honey custard pudding sauce?? not too sure on how to describing it but I really didnt want to swallow any of my food so it would never end. 

 As a bonus if you live at the optima they will deliver it to the condo. yum!笑
I am disappointed that I've put off writing this review. I  should've done it while everything was fresh in my mind.

Anyhow, this was a fantastic experience!  I would absolutely dine at Posh again.

We decided to dine early to take advantage of the Sunset pricing.  This allowed use to try more courses - even though we eventually settled on the 5 course meal with wine pairing.

Now, this place is an interesting concept.  There is no set menu, just a card with possible ingredients.  It is your job to mark off what you would NOT want and also specify allergies, dietart restrictions and meat temperature preferences.  You also choose the number of courses and whether you would like to add the wine pairing as well.

We sat at the counter so we could watch the action.  Our server was great, she explained everything and was very friendly.  An important thing to mention: our server explained that you will receive the same amount of food whether you order 4 courses or 7 courses.  So people complaining about not receiving enough food obviously have issues.  If you get 7 courses, you will just receive smaller portions.

I am not a big fish eater, so I chose to exclude most of the fish (except swordfish and uni) from my menu card.  My friend is not a fan of veal or uni, so she crossed those off.  We both made certain specifications - I do not prefer brussel sprouts or green beans and she does not like mushrooms.  We let the chef choose the temperature of our meat/fish and gave our server our card.

We started with an amuse bouche of homemade udon noodles. It was a great start and the noodles were amazing.  The dish itself was pretty light.

My first course was a small salad of butter lettuce, topped with shaved salmon, pickled mustard seeds, tomatoes and a champagne vinagrette.  It didn't knock my socks off, and I wished I would've been served the cauliflower soup that my friend got, but overall it was good.

My next course was uni.  Now, I wouldn't have normally included this, but having never tried it, I wanted to give it a go.  I'm glad it was one of my courses, because it was well done, but it's not something I would include again.  it was served 2 ways: in a "cheesecake," which was light, but had a strange texture (that's just the uni).  It was on top of a cucumber reduction and then topped with raw uni.  It was far too fishy for me, but that's just my taste and I already menitoned that I am not a fish eater.  My friend tried it and loved it.

3rd was diver scallops with sunchoke puree and asparagus.  Absolutely delicious!  The scallops were cooked perfectly and the puree was a great touch.  Asparagus is always a good idea, and this didn't disappoint.

My 4th course was veal sweetbreads with carrot puree, zuchinni and topped with a cabbage salad.  This was my first experience with this dish and I was pleasantly surprised.  You would have a hard time convincing someone that it wasn't just very tasty, perfectly cooked fried chicken!  I even had my friend try it and she admittedly loved it, even though she normally doesn't like veal.

I have to note that my friend's 4th course was kangaroo!  It was so darn delicious and perfectly cooked.  The meat is a bit tough, but I figure that is expected with this type of animal.  It was really, really good and I am glad we both tried it.

For dessert I feel like they were off base with me.  I really am not a chocolate eater and my dish was ALL chocolate.  Don't get me wrong, they have no way of really knowing that, but we laughed because my friend got a pair of really good creme brulees and I got chocolate overload.  However, both were really delicious.

Our wine pairing was great as well.  Our server usually offered a couple of options, based on our tastes, and everything paired perfectly.  I'm glad we did this instead of just buying a bottle of wine and being stuck with 1 varietal.

Overall this was a superb experience.  I like the ambience of the restaurant - it is modern and open. 5 courses was perfect for us - we both left feeling full.  Not Thanksgiving full, but satisfied and very happy.  If you come here and expect that one of your courses will be a huge t-bone steak, you will likely be disappointed.  If you come here with an open mind and are ready to try different things, you will probably be happy, as we were!笑
Having eaten at some amazing restaurants in the valley and around the world we were excited to try the 7 course tasting menu at posh... However, everything from
 Service to food to drinks to pricing was a huge disappointment. Spending over $100 pp without drinks we expected to be wowed. Sadly we left hungry and irritated. Of all the nicer restaurants we dined In around Phoenix I.e. Mastros, sassi, roka, nobuo, ocean prime, etc.. This was by far the worst. Each Of the 7 portions came as a tiny bite leaving us underwhelmed and hungry. Food took Forever to come as did drinks. The servers were many but irritable and not very effective.. Overall of the 7 courses  not One left us satiated and pleasantly surprised. After a $300 meal we went out to eat and I was so annoyed I wanted to call the  owner and complain. Overrated, overpriced and completely Not worth it!!! Ps we do appreciate smaller, mOre meaningful entrees but a single scallop and a small forfull of fish should be considered a course when there is no main course.. The shrimp course consisted of 2 tiny shrimp In some purée and he server had no clue where they came from Or if they were wild or farm raised. Embarrassing !!笑
POSH Improvisational Cuisine offers a "one-of-a-kind" dining experience built on preferences and options. No one at the table will have the same dish. Don't eat chicken? None of your courses will have chicken. Raw vegan? All your courses will be composed of unharmed vegetables. 

The food at POSH was decent. I'm not sure that it was much better than a traditional tasting menu, other than the small amount of surprise that came with each dish. Overall, POSH was a 50-30-20 restaurant: 50% of the food was great, 30% I wouldn't order but didn't mind, and 20% I did not enjoy.

It really did feel like they were just whipping things up in the back like freestyle rappers. Sometimes the rhymes were great, sometimes they weren't. HIS REAL NAME'S CLARENCE for all you folks out there that love 8 Mile. 

The sunny-side up goose egg, my first goose egg experience ever, reminded me of the anxiety I experienced with my first sunny-side up hen's egg. Oh how tentative young Chris was back then. 

The entire meal took about three hours, which felt long for six courses. The element of chance cut both ways, too. One of my colleagues constantly felt like he was getting shortchanged. Our table had a free trade agreement that would make Donald Trump's blood boil, but not much trading happened. It was funny to watch him constantly get the consensus "what-is-this" course. 

The restaurant was relatively quiet on a Wednesday night. I've heard that POSH offers a ramen night on Tuesdays.  I'll have to come back and see if it's the real deal.笑
ORDINARY. Not innovative. Nothing to write home about.

Improvisational? If so, why is there a menu, and seems to be following a pattern for everyone? I doubt they know what "improvisation" means...furthermore, perhaps you need to be a good composer first, or at least understand the basics of composition before heading for improvisation....

Bread service. Nice.

Glacier salad. Pleasant.

Everything in the seven course meal went down hill from there till we got to the desert which i liked.

$110 no alcohol, no drinks, no value.笑
Went to pop up ramen at Posh.  Rating for ramen, 3 stars though how peppers and carrots make their way into ramen is new to me.  Broth, which is the real trick with ramen was okay - I could tell they really tried to get that right and they were close.

That said, my wife's was lukewarm and took 30 minutes , makes this a 2.5 star on service.  Kitchen staff seemed almost zombie like... Maybe that will be the next thing for Posh, pop up zombie..笑
Posh has a rotating menu of seasonal as well as different exotic and familiar foods served in the typical fine dinning course plating style. You provide very minimal information about your courses and the chef prepares it how he wishes on the spot. Posh provides a rare experience for the guest and proves that mundane or even food you never thought to try can be turned into magnificent pieces of art.笑
If you are into something different, you must visit this restaurant. I have a 5 course meal and I really enjoy all this "improvice" courses. You just need to scratch from the menu the ingridients that you don't like... Then the chef will prepare you "something" with the rest of the ingridients. This experience was really enjoyable. I definetly recomend this restaurant to others.笑
We went here for valentine's day dinner and had the 5 course meal, i am vegan so I thought yay improvisitional seitan, tofu,faux meat etc. I was so disappointed the food was bland, I got salad,soba noodles with 3 little mushrooms and other forgettable food.All and all I can cook more complex with bold flavors than their chefs, for $55 per person for the 5 course meal it is not worth it.We won't be coming back here.笑
Awesome place and an amazing experience. I'd definitely recommend to anyone looking for a special date, or anyone looking to be adventurous. My girlfriend and I are both lacto ovo vegetarians who don't like mushrooms or olives, and yet even within those constraints they had very creative, very unique, and incredibly delicious courses for us to enjoy. 

I'm only leaving 4 stars instead of 5 because we left hungry after 6 courses...their website does say "We want you to leave sated, but try not to stuff anyone or make anyone sick with too much food." which I very much respect and appreciate, but the courses were just a little too small even with that in mind - both of us left still hungry enough that we snacked more as soon as we got home. Perhaps because we ordered vegetarian the courses were particularly not-that-filling, so your experience may differ. My advice is to go, just don't go starved :)笑
My wife and I recently went to Posh and had the full tasting.  We had reservations and were seated as soon as we arrived.  Our waiter was helpful explaining the menu and the "improvisational" concept.  

The courses were small, but when you're getting 10-12 "tastes" the portions were just right.  Overall the food was OK, but not what I would consider spectacular.  The experience was unique for sure, but the cost of the meal (~$500 w/tip and one wine pairing for my wife) was expensive.

The service could have been better for such a high end restaurant.  We were served by a number of different people throughout the meal so it was hard to tell who was in charge of our service.  We also did not receive new silverware with each course, which was not a big issue, but it would have been nice not having to lick my silverware clean after each selection.笑
What can I say. Every time we eat at POSH, we are amazed by Josh and his staff. They present the dishes and wines accurately with great detail to match the epic deliciousness of the food quality. Best place to sit...at the bar near the cooks. You can watch them with drooling envy as they make each dish. Don't be afraid to ask them about what they're cooking as well. The staff and Josh, our gracious chef, love to chat and be personable with their patrons. Don't forget to follow their facebook page. The chef enjoys doing fun "what's this ingredient" contest for gift certificates as well as host events like Ramen Night once a month where you can get a bowl of authentic japanese Ramen soup for $10. Can't recommend this restaurant enough!! REALLY. You'll love it!笑
Let me preface that our party had never been to Posh, and we were very excited for this new dining experience.  We took advantage of Restaurant Week and decided this was the time to give it a try. 

We arrived for our reservations and were seated immediately.  Our table went 17 minutes (we counted) without even getting a hello or a glass of water. Once finally approached by a server, we started getting an explanation of the menu.  We interrupted to ask for water, which must have been our mistake, because after that we received service that was overtly rude.  After finally getting water (which she did not get immediately, she made a big show of topping off every other table's wine and water, while carrying around our water carafe), she explained the menu.  After explaining, she ran off again without asking us if we wanted anything off the drink menu. Forty minutes after being seated, we finally got our bottle of wine. 

The food was average but the portions were so small that our party went to another restaurant and had a second dinner.  We are not people with particularly large appetites, but if you get one course that you don't like or eat all of, you WILL leave hungry.  However, this would have been fine if we had not been treated with such disdain by someone who clearly hates her job--or perhaps just our table.  

It was a $400 meal, so $100/person, and for that, I expect to be treated with a modicum of decency.  I woke up the next morning still angry with the subpar service.  Our anger at being treated that way is compounded by the fact that Posh considers itself an upscale restaurant.  I honestly have gotten better service at McDonalds. I will NEVER go back. I will NEVER recommend that anyone dine there.笑
My favorite restaurant in the world.  I highly recommend getting the wine pairing when you go!笑
My wife and I had a poor dining experience this evening. This over priced snooty restaurant experience was opposite of what was advertised.
Small portions, average quality food  best describes the cuisine. The service staff, kitchen and wait, are snobbish, arrogant and aloof. They speed thru brief explanations of what you are being served. Then they  are bothered by  and put out from simple questions to explain a little further about the food or wine.
The head chef has almost no communication with his guests who are there for a supposed amazing "improvisational" meal. The atmosphere creates the overall mood that you the customer should feel privileged that they allowed you to eat average tasting food  and pay exorbitant prices.

We will not go back and wonder why anyone would.笑
I am surprised at some of the bad reviews.  I fully admit I am a food snob, having lived in NY, L.A. D.C. and Chicago and having eaten at some top-notch restaurants.  I am also a notoriously picky eater, so I was thrilled at the idea of choosing what ingredients I wanted/didn't want (although I tried to be open minded and only put down a few dislikes and allergies) and having a meal catered to my tastes.  I had a great experience at Posh and consider it one of my top dinners I have had the pleasure to enjoy. 

I was in town for a few days of a solo getaway and when I read the description of Posh I knew I had to try it.  A place that will cater to my finickyness? Done.  A "counter" (very posh one though) I can sit at alone and watch the chefs create? Double score.  I came here on a Tuesday night and the place was pretty empty.  I sat right in front of the fish station and really enjoyed watching the chefs at work.  They were also quite friendly and let me ask questions and answered them good-naturedly.  The owner (or manager?) also came over a few times and we had some good conversation.  (He also made some recommendations for other places to eat in Scottsdale/Phoenix and the places were all spot on).  It was one of the few places in the S/P area where I felt welcomed and not too uncomfortable dining alone.

I took notes (yes I am a dork) and to the best of my recollection, this is what I enjoyed in the 6 course meal I opted for:
-amuse: persimmon salad with beet leather and balsamic.  I don't think I have ever had persimmon and I love beets.  Would have loved a slightly bigger taste but being an amuse, I can't really complain.
-frisee salad with clementine, goat cheese and pecans.  Kind of trite but tasty.
-fluke with pomegranate seeds, cucumber, and sea beans.  I had never had sea beans before and I was rolling with waves of delight.  I must find these and use them in my own cooking.
-escolar with broccoli stems.  perfectly prepared fish, could have used a tad more seasoning and I told the chef so. And he didn't kill me.  I appreciate he took the honest feedback.
-duck over baby bok choy with cioppolini onions in a thai peanut sauce.  I have never liked duck before and I have never liked peanut sauce before.  I cannot say that anymore.  This was amazing.  I could have eaten far more of it.  Quack, quack.
-wild boar bacon with mesquite glazed turnip and butternut squash.  ohmygosh I could have made a pig of myself over this dish.  ahahaha.
-for dessert, a deconstructed candy cane: peppermint pana cotta with spun sugar (and I forgot what the pink sauce was).  Crap.  I forgot to write mint on the dislike list for the chefs.  Oh well, I will give it a shot anyway.  Holy crap.  This tastes delicious.  Wow.  Two foods I always thought I hated and you changed my mind.  Impressive work if I may say so as I am pretty stubborn.
-a citrus ice lollipop.  Simple yet so delicious. I need to figure out how to make these at home.  
-a mini take home baggie of gingerbread, brittle, and a cookie.  Yum.
- For beverage, I ordered a sidecar.  So glad these are back in vogue.  I could have added a wine flight to my dinner but was driving so opted for the cocktail.  They had a good choice of drinks.

Apparently Optima is building a new building in Chicago, I hope someone who is in charge there reads this: BRING POSH HERE.  I think this concept of personalized and improvised cuisine would do fabulously here, especially when executed this well.  I also thought the $65 for six tasting courses was pretty reasonable (you could also choose less or more courses).
If you are visiting the area, make this a must on your dining list.  I don't really have much of a desire to return to Scottsdale except for the allure of eating here again.


(note: it is easy to drive by the place--it is in the middle of a residential/office complex and the sign isn't really visible.  turn into the lane for the complex and then go into the garage, there are spots for the restaurant in the back past the residential spots).笑
Took my girlfriend on a date here Saturday evening and was very impressed by the results! As most reviewers have mentioned, you select the items on your list that you do not want and they improvise a meal for you based on that. The reviews about the price are very realistic as well: not cheap. Five courses between her and I, wine, and the tip totaled well over $200. However, I understand that a majority of the fee goes for the experience; besides, the food was great! The waiting staff was very knowledgeable about every dish they brought out and were very friendly and attentive to our needs. Someday when my bank account recovers I will hopefully get to come back here again! =)


Keep singing,

-Jerron笑
Great place for date night and if you love trying new foods.  We choose how many courses we wanted and we started out with 5 but changed to 6 as the portions were very small. Prices are $50 for the 5 course, $60 for the 6 course and up. If you would like a wine pairing it starts at $45 and goes up with each course added. You are given a list of meats and sea foods and asked to cross out the ones you do not like and the chef decides your menu from there. Every course was excellent and the wine selection was nice. We were in on a Tuesday evening at 6 pm and as the restaurant got busier with a larger party or food started to come out slower and slower and there wasn't anyone to refill our wine when our glasses were empty. Our bill for2 people was $250 with out tip. Foods wonderful and great concept but they could hire a few more people to keep up with the service. When I pay $250 for a meal I expect  prompt, excellent service .笑
I think this is my favorite restaurant in the city. I love the innovative idea, the food and wine pairings are superb, and most of all that you don't have to choose what you want... you only tell them what you don't want... because you know what you don't want but sometimes it's hard to decide what you do.  Well, they do that part for you and all of your guests, and they bring different items for everyone at the table. It is a lovely, wonderful, delicious experience.笑
A very interesting concept -- would be fun with a group. Fill out a questionnaire and wait to see what shows up. The food that does arrive is creative and well plated. The wine list could be more robust, but the selections are well chosen. The wine pairings are competent. The service is helpful and not intrusive. Hard to find, so come with a navigator. Postmodern dining.笑
My husband and I should have left when we saw that there was only one other couple in the restaurant! The host was our server as well as our bartender--not good! The restaurant has an open kitchen--so the chefs are front and center. Normally, this is a cool thing, but not so much at Posh! Everyone in the kitchen seemed very unhappy and the whole vibe of the restaurant just seemed "off". The food wasn't bad, in fact some dishes (foie gras) were quite tasty, but the food was very expensive. I felt that we had been suckered into a restaurant that was surrounded by a lot of hype. We will never go here again and we will certainly not recommend it.笑
A little pricey but definitely great/interesting food.  They especially found great options for me during pregnancy.  Great location for a foodie experience.笑
My husband and I went to Posh last night for our anniversary. We both agree that it was the best meal we've ever eaten. I had Kangaroo as one of my meals which I can't believe but everything I had was just so delicious. We did the 4 courses which was plenty for us. We each ordered a drink. Our total was about $132 which is pricey but it was SO worth it. 

The concept is so much fun! I admit I was a little nervous going in but now I can't wait to go back. I plan to start making up "special occasions" so I have an excuse to return! You have no idea what you're going to eat when you go but you will not disappointed. Trust me. 

The atmosphere was another great part of our experience. There wasn't any music so it was quiet and we could hear each other to have a conversation. The service was outstanding- they're attentive but not constantly interrupting either. It's a nice place but some people were wearing jeans, others were dressed up... it's a great spot no matter the reason!

I highly recommend Post Improvisational Cuisine in Scottsdale.笑
This mouthgasm factory is more than worth the price. Seriously amazing.... if I were just reviewing the foie trio I would be writing yelp for a sixth star option. Foie sorbet and foie creme brulee on the same plate... it's almost mean to do that to someone. Add the uni panna cotta and I will never be complete again! All of the flavors worked great together and the presentation was beautiful. The staff and sous chef are all super nice and accommodating as well. If I could afford it I would eat here a lot. But for now, it will have me making up special occasions.笑
The concept at Posh restaurant is "improvisational cuisine". I think of something improvised as being made up on the spot, done without preparation. What an exciting dining experience that would be, albeit fraught with danger for both the chef and the patrons. But don't go to Posh expecting that. The days menu is set long before you arrive and all you get to do is check off on a printed list what proteins you dislike so they won't be served to you. It's disconcerting to be asked to think about food you don't like at the beginning of a meal. Your other decision is how many courses you desire and if you want wine pairings: from $45 per person for 4 courses ($77 with wine) to $110/$165 for a full tasting, which is more than 7 courses.

     Our meal started off promisingly. We shared a nice cocktail called a Cosmonade ($9) made with Hangar 1 Citron, Chambord, and lemon. An amuse bouche of papaya sorbet with mint "caviar" was delicious (this tiny spoonful doesn't count as a course).  My first course was an heirloom tomato salad with haricot vert and a few shavings of cheese. With something this simple  the ingredients need to shine, and these did not - the tomato, while ripe, had little flavor, and there was so little cheese it's impact on the dish was negligible. Ken's vichyssoise with chive oil was pleasant enough. For me, the fish course was sea bream with bok choy. The fish skin had been blasted with a propane torch which rendered it beautifully crispy. The Asian-y sauce on the vegetable was pretty salty, a harbinger of things to come. Ken received shrimp (they were called some fancy name) served with gnocchi, baby garlic, and a blastingly peppery aioli. The shrimp had been way overcooked, rendering them rubbery and tasteless. 

     On to the meat course. Mine was venison served on farro (which is an Italian whole grain), with a rhubarb gastrique. First I took a bite of meat - it was flavorful but tough. Then the farro. I gasped and almost choked. It was that salty. The insipid gastrique was totally overpowered by the other elements of the dish. Ken was kind enough to swap plates with me, and his braised short rib (hardly a seasonal dish) was at least edible, though also oversalted. Interestingly enough it was served with fingerling potatoes, making this the third dish in a row served to Ken that contained potatoes (assuming that the gnocchi had been made with them). When our waitress, cooly professional throughout, asked if we enjoyed this course, we mentioned the salt issue and she said she would inform the kitchen.

     Finally, dessert. We were both given chocolate cake, cut into unattractive chunks. Mine topped with cubes of apricot, and Ken's with plum. Neither of these fruits complemented the cake, which contained a distractingly large amount of pepper. The drizzle of chocolate ganache was tasty. At this point we were seriously considering going to Crudo to have dessert since we needed a satisfying conclusion to the evening.
Just then our server brought us a complimentary cheese plate, an apology for the salty food. That turned out to be the high point of our experience (along with the amuse bouche). The cheese selection was excellent, and the buttery grilled bread outstanding.
But for $130 you'd expect more, wouldn't you?

     I strongly suggest that if you want a an exceptional "tasting" experience you should visit Crudo Cafe. You even get to choose the foods you like to eat, not those you don't.笑
Blah! Don't believe the hype. Not sure what people are thinking when they give this place 5 stars. Seriously, WTF!

The food was weird to all of us. Nothing really made sense. The flavors were just all over the place! 

The servers in this place are seriously underwhelmed to be there. Not sure if they all just hate the management or what but they all seem really upset.

As e were getting close to leaving one server came over, grabbed our water bottle from the table that was 2/3 gone, then took it to another table and dropped it off! LOL. So gross.

Nothing here was great or even good for that matter. We tried it for Restaurant week and we def won't be back. It's a place that is trying to be something it's not. A bunch of 20somethings in the kitchen throwing things together that might look like fine cuisine but ultimately just ends up being some weird food.

Dishes tried: Baby squid, boar bacon, fish cake, chile soup, soft shelled crab笑
me and the bf were totally stoked to finally try out Posh. We did have reservations and we only waited a few minutes after we arrived for our table. Atmosphere is very nice. Windows all the way around the restaurant and a very sleek and clean feel to the whole place. We didn't sit at the bar but we had a nice little cozy table to ourselves but still you can still see the kitchen from pretty much every area of the restaurant considering it's in the middle. 

The menu had everything from shrimp to NY strip to kangaroo. Nnooww I'm not totally into kangaroo but for those with adventurous taste buds will love the hell outta the menu checklist. So i removed everything i was not willing to try and any my meat temp preferences and then the kitchen will take it from there.

Everything we had was absolutely delicious!!! We had 8 plates in between the two of us and shared everything. We had everything from goat cheese salads to a fruit salad,,, shrimp and halibut appetizers. NY strip and a pork dish with delicious potatoes that resembled a pancake. Desserts were wonderful as well... 
 
I KNOW I'm horrible I cannot remember every dish and what is actually consisted of, but believe me when i say everything was terrific. So adventurous or not so adventurous I'm pretty sure it's safe to say you will still have a dinner that is made just for you that you will love. 

can't wait to go back!笑
My girlfriend and I went here last night for my 30th birthday. I had booked reservations the day before through Yelp, and they called the next day with three hours 'til check-in time to remind us of the reservation and confirm we were coming. We were in Tucson visiting relatives later than we planned, and so had to reschedule for a later time the same day. They were very accommodating and moved us to the time we specified with no hesitation.

Upon our arrival into the designated parking garage, I was surprised to find free valet parking for Posh patrons. I gave the 3rd party valet the keys and asked him how to get to Posh, to which he quickly and concisely instructed us up the stairs and to the right.

When we entered Posh, we were greeted by a hostess that was very pleasant and polite, and she led us to a seating area and allowed us to pick from a variety of tables or the bar, where a two-person space had been reserved. Having been given advice from a friend about where to sit, we sat at the bar so we could watch as the meals were prepared. It was advice I would pass along to anyone reading.

We were given the 'menu', a list of ingredients to pick through and eliminate anything that didn't sound appetizing. It had choices of 5, 6, 7 Course, and Chef Omakase, which is an opportunity to try a little of everything (nearly 20 courses, our food and wine expert told us!). These are increasing in price by the number of courses, but we were informed that the total amount of food received would be the same, regardless of the number of courses chosen (which was great to know before hand!). 

The proteins to choose from were: Petrale Sole, Striped Bass, Swordfish, Baby Octopus, Kauai Shrimp, Bay Scallops, Quail, Escargot (snail), Prime New York, New Zealand Lamb, Tripe, Wild Boar Bacon, and Short Ribs. This was for this night; your mileage may vary (it IS an improv dining experience, after all, right?). My girlfriend and I both opted for 7 courses, and between the two of us, nothing was left off the ingredients list. I also opted to have the wine pairing with mine, which also  included pairing with the final dessert course. Before I get to the food, let me just say that the wine pairing was spot on. You can, of course, opt for a singular wine via a la carte ordering of whatever spirits suit your fancy, but I wanted the full experience (at least 7 courses).

As for the food itself, I must say that, while sometimes exotic, all of it was absolutely fantastic. This was not my first time eating baby octopus or quail or swordfish, but it was by far.. BY FAR... the best. Between the two of us, we received 14 different courses (and shared with each other), and it was just mind-bendingly delicious from start to finish. That wild boar bacon, whatever it is, gave me goosebumps. My girlfriend received it (I was jealous, having previously read a yelp review that recommended getting it if at all possible)... She sat her fork on it and with almost no pressure, cut right through it with the fork. The flavor was just unbelievable; it felt like it was melting in my mouth, but it was meat! And the longer I chewed it, the better and more flavorful it became. It was unreal. All the dishes were!

And to top it all off, because I had reserved it with a note of it being my 30th birthday, when the 7th course (dessert) came out, I received 4 desserts, each about half  the size of the one she received, but I got to sample all four. They were all... the best desserts I've ever had. Especially the one that Corissa, our wonderful food and wine expert, recommended as her favorite.

Everyone there was very nice; the staff was very attentive and the chefs were all well versed with culinary expertise. The teamwork, unspoken, was very synchronized and it was interesting to watch our food dishes be prepared from start to finish. We always wondered "is that for us? it looks so good" and talked the night away.

It should be noted that we arrived at 730, ordered by 745 after taking a while to decide what we were doing (as this was our first visit), and spent roughly 2 hours and 15 minutes experiencing the 7 courses. This is to be expected when experiencing a dining situation based on courses, however, and should be understood prior  to arrival. The four course meal would've taken less time, but we were in no rush. I had also read a yelp review about ramen night by Yuko H. and inquired with Corissa about that. Her eyes lit up with excitement as she began talking about the experience. She said it's every Tuesday, classically prepared ramen by an in-house chef that trained in Japan... It's also more reasonably priced ($12 per bowl). Needless to say, "Ramen's going up.... on a Tuesday"... and we will be there.

All-in-all, this has been the best dining experience we've ever had in 30 years. My girlfriend and I will definitely be back, though we're a little worried that Posh has ruined regular dining for the rest of our lives. Thanks again!笑
Wonderful! Sat at the bar to watch the cooking in action. The chef was pleasant and even let us taste the food he was prepping for later that week.笑
our second stop for az restaurant week 2012. because it's listed with many, many dollar signs, i just pass this place up. but with restaurant week prices and the reputation that Posh has, we couldn't not finally try.

everyone knows where it is, so i'll spare the lush garden surrounding description. the layout is sleek but very loud. almost like a bar loud....not music, but the conversation decibel level is very high. i found myself more yelling at our dinner companions than talking. 

we sat at the counter watching all the happenings going on. it was neat to see all the equipment and hub-bub of the chefs. our server was extremely helpful and down-to-earth...i expected huffy and aloof...she was neither. i did think it was funny to have my water described as "still".

i am skinny but i eat like an obese person. this is NOT the place to go for a filling meal. and i am not the gastonomic extraordinaire i thought i was. i could not appreciate any of the dishes that came to me when i'm left hungry at the end of the night. none of my plates were warm food(maybe that was the intent). the artichoke dish had barely an edible portion of artichoke (it was tough and stringy), and my tuna dish was overcooked. and i don't understand how places expound on the slivers of sauce on a plate when you can't get but a smidgen on the utensil to even taste.

my wife liked her meal, our guests left alot of their meals on their plates. when we got home, i ate a big bowl of cereal because i was so hungry. 

yes, it's just me. this place has many, many excellent reviews for perhaps palates and wallets that are way more refined than mine. i tried it, wasn't impressed, now i move on.笑
Over all I was not as impressed as I was hoping to be. It was kinda like being excited for what you had hoped would be an awesome date, only to be disappointed at the end. I like surprises and thought this would surprise me and it sure did. But not how I wanted to be surprised.
First of all I am quite the picky eater. They ask you to list all the things you don't like. I can't exactly remember what I don't like because there are too many things. I can remember what I hate, but not things I would rather not have. I love fish so I left all my fish choices open.....what do you know....they serve me the fish I dislike the most....fish cooked with the skin on. And 2 of my entrees of the fish were skin on and served the same way....with bok choy....which I don't particularly find interesting. I had read others reviews about the awesome popcorn soup and truffley things and I wanted those items too....but I wasn't served them :( So I was disappointed.
Dessert was the best part of the evening, The best flour-less chocolate cake ever. And I loved the lemon custard flash frozen pops as well. The take home cookies were a cute touch.
Yea, disappointing was hoping to explore some fun flavorful dishes and instead got fish with the skin. A disappointing date indeed.笑
Oh man.  I wonder what karma I will receive for leaving a bad review for a restaurant that obviously tried hard.  I do so not because I want to throw stones but because it is constructive criticism.  We visited Scottsdale and I found Posh on Yelp.  So many yelpers raved about this place so we booked a reservation.  We ended up doing the 7 course tasting with wine pairings and our friends did the 6 course tasting.  While nothing is ever bad at a place like this, we were not impressed at all.  They say on Top Chef that the biggest sin is under seasoning food and that is all we could think about while dining here.  The addition of a "black truffle bath" seemed like an afterthought on our lamb.  One of the desserts made with pineapple in rum just tasted rancid.  I felt bad since our friends trusted us to choose the restaurant and we all left pretty bummed out.  I think the concept is great but I think the flavor profiles need to be improved on.  The service was good with explaining the entrees and bringing out the plates at the same time but there is also room for improvement by making sure that there is new silverware for each course.笑
I came here based on a suggestion by a waiter from another restaurant.  The food here was so good that after two weeks I'm still dreaming about it.  I felt like I was a judge on Top Chef or Iron Chef.  Everything that they served me was amazing- my favorites were the foie gras and the wild boar bacon.  I do wonder if all the meals are really just a fixed menu based on your selections when you sit down (meat, temperature of meat and fish), but honestly- when the food is this good, who cares! Just eat it, relax and enjoy the experience.    

I am now on a mission to find glacier lettuce and try to recreate the salad they served.  It was so good!笑
Love the concept of this place. It makes things quite exciting not knowing how your dishes will be prepared.  The price is decent if you come here before 5:30 for their sunset menu.  We had a delicious 6 course meal for 2 people and it was cool that we each had different dishes that allowed us to try more. We had dishes that consisted of Uni, Trout, Kangaroo, truffle shavings, Quail, and more. Don't want to give too much details because I don't want to spoil your experience.  Each dish was thoughtful and ingredients were fresh. Expect to have at leaving a 2 hour dining experience.笑
I went to Posh tonight for restaurant week with a friend and I must say....it was pretty awesome! Now, this may be pretty subjective since everyone gets different food and you don't order, so I can't speak about consistency, but tonight it was really good. My friend and I started with a couple cocktails...I had a raspberry marg that was delicious and had real muddled raspberry in it. Our meal started with an amuse bouche of avocado puree with radish on it....very acidic and tasty. My four course meal included a salad with fava beans, cucumber foam of sorts, ricotta, jicama, and other veg...very tasty, fluke fish crusted in something or another that made it delicious and not fishy at all over a white bean puree that made me want to lick the plate, then came the one item I didn't care for all that much which was escargot empanadas over tomato sauce with a garlic foam (I'd never had escargot before, so it's totally not the restaurant's fault, I was glad for the opportunity to try something new), and it finished with a vanilla crepe with strawberry jam and strawberry jelly....was delicious! My friend is vegetarian so he had some delish vegetarian fare including a popcorn soup (it really tasted like popcorn), an Asian taco on flat bread with baby bok choy and carrots and other stuff, a rice dish with haricot verts, and a cheesecake with berries and deliciousness. After all of that, they gave us these cold lemon lollipops with pepper in them that were also delicious and sent us home with cookies.....this place knows how to make you feel like you got good value in your experience for sure.I would definitely come back here...it was really a memorable night.笑
Finally a restaurant from restaurant week that warrants 5 stars.  If you are on the fence about trying out Posh, I hope this review will convince you to try it.  Not only was the food 5 star, so were the wine pairings and service.  If at all possible, sit at the chef's counter.  It is free theatre and you can see the chef and his staff expertly create delicious dishes one after another.  I opted for the 4 course dinner with wine pairings.  They began with an amuse bouche of coconut milk ricotta over pesto.  I make my own cow's milk ricotta at home and must say that I am now going to experiment with making coconut milk ricotta.  I can only imagine how delicious a coconut ricotta pie or cannoli would be...My first course was a daikon and endive salad with beets, bread crumbs, cucumber and buttermilk style dressing.  It was light, perfectly seasoned and the textural addition of the breadcrumbs made it inviting rather than boring.  My second course consisted of bay scallops, roasted patty squash and toasted red rice.  The seasoning of the dish was spot on, though I would always prefer sea to bay scallops, if for no other reason than the textural difference.  That being said, I cleaned the plate.  My 3rd dish was goat with spinach and a tomato puree.  If you have never tried goat, this is the dish to have as a first timer.  It would remind you somewhat of carnitas with a bit more flavor.  I almost licked the plate, and inwardly cursed Posh for not having bread service, which would have allowed me to sop up all the goodness in a more tasteful fashion.  For my last course I enjoyed a delicious cheese plate.  The triple creme with the homemade buttered toast, pistachio bits and honey literally made me swoon...well that and the perfectly paired dessert wine.  It was at this point in the meal that I realized that the pleasure that this food produces rivals that of good sex.  To top it off, I tasted a lemon "lollipop" if you will, from the anti griddle.  Perfection! Truth be told I could have polished off about 10 more.  They also send you home with a little goodie bag of cookies, which I have yet to try.  Overall, this is by far the best meal I have had in AZ and perhaps America.  I would gladly wash dishes for a couple of hours in order to enjoy this food on a regular basis.  Neither the staff, line cooks, chef or waiters were pretentious and all seemed to really care about food and the quality of their guests' experience.  I will certainly be back and know that this will be THE place I bring out of town guests.  I have reservations for 3 additional restaurants for restaurant week and it is going to take all of my will power not to cancel them in order to come back to Posh instead.笑
What a meal! My wife and I decided to try this place out. I had the 6 course, she had the 5 course. The first course is always a salad or soup, the last is always a dessert. Thus, I had 4 dishes coming to me, she had 3. You simply cross off what you don't want on the list of items that they have tonight. Then you mention how you like food prepared and they think of the rest. 
My four were a scallop dish, a baby octopus dish, a uni (sea urchin) mousse type thing, and a seared lamb dish. Dessert was a raspberry bomb. Everything I had was awesome. The chef does a wonderful job of combining sweet with salty. The flavors were very unique. 
My wife had big eye tuna with sriracha sauce, a duck dish with light pasta and a beef dish. She never orders red meat, but she devoured the beef. Her dessert was chocolate cubes with salt sprinkled on top with a olive oil drizzle. Never would have thought to combine those three things but it was great. 
I suggest sitting at the chef's counter. It allows you to look at everyone preparing dinner, and gives you a chance to interact with Josh, the head chef/owner. If you are a foodie, being able to ask the chef questions and getting his take on the food helps make your meal. 
Dinner for two ran us $145, before tip. I had 2 beers, my wife had iced tea. No wine.笑
Excellent dining experience. 
Ordered the 7 course menu with the wine pairing. 
All dishes were very tasty and presented beautifully. 
The chef was pleasant to talk to (we sat at the counter)
The staff was friendly & courteous. 
We definitely will be coming back!笑
If you enjoy trying foods you never have nor probably never will try again....this is your place!

I have been here twice and both times, I was awed. This is definitely a great chance to broaden your culinary horizons. The attention to detail is amazing with the dishes. Each ingredient complements the next so well. Amazing to say considering every dish is so far out there and made impromptu. 

Extremely friendly waiter who was very accommodating and very knowledgeable about the dishes (you'll need someone to explain to you exactly what you're looking at on your plate).

Some of the items I've had: fried frog legs, quail stuffed with chorrizo sausage, cinnamon caviar (I hate caviar and I thought this was delicious!)  and turtle stew to name a few. I recommend getting the 7 course meal as anything less hardly puts a dent in your appetite. Be prepared to spend some bucks and a helpful tip is to probably not go in there with a completely empty stomach because it's not the place you go to gorge.笑
This is hands down the best restaurant in Arizona!  The food is perfect!  This is a dining experience that no one should miss!笑
if you are in Scottsdale & you dont have dinner at Posh you are missing out! Very creative chef's design your meal right in front of your eyes ( if you sit at the bar ). very memorable dinning experience, the owner JOSH HERBERT had a long talk with us & made us feel very welcome and at home. he explained how the menu works and what we should try! everything was beyond great, small portions but you try ALOT so you get full from a variety of creations verses eating alot of one thing. very romantic & great for celebratory dinners.笑
Visited Posh on a Friday night. Unfortunately, my date did not want to sit at the bar :/ I really wish we had, I would have enjoyed it. The tables were spaced a little close together, but what I really wanted to see was the action in the kitchen. 

I got the 4 course dinner with the wine pairing. The endive salad with pickled grapes, smoked almonds, and spicy blue cheese in a white wine vinaigrette was good, although perhaps a bit too bitter for my tastes. 

The next course was pretty goddamn awful. It was shrimp chorizo with spinach and soft polenta in a (I think) a red pepper broth. The shrimp chorizo was awful. I pawned as much of it as I could off on my date and sent half it back to the kitchen. It was NASTY, in my personal opinion. Next time I'm nixing chorizo on my posh questionnaire, heh! On the bright side, the polenta was tasty and I killed it. 

The next one hit it out of the park... duck confit . It was fantastic! I really can't say enough, it was my favorite course by FAR.

Dessert course was Posh's "take" on candy bars... I had a little snickers, kit-kat (tasted more like a milky way) and almond joy-mounds. They were adorable and delicious, and really really rich... shouldn't have ate 'em all :) 

A note about the wine pairing. I was not really that impressed with the pairings, but maybe I'm not that knowledgeable... all that I know is, a good pairing brings out the flavors in the wine, and the flavors in the dish, right? I wasn't really feeling that at all. Nonetheless, the wines chosen were good wines and I enjoyed each one, particularly the last one, a Black Moscat. The server kindly wrote it down for me, I intend to try to find it.

The service was fantastic, attentive and non-intrusive. Pacing was also great. 

Overall, despite my truly awful shrimp chorizo, I really am looking forward to returning to Posh!! This place likely deserves more than my paltry 3 star rating and I'd like to give it to them.笑
Truly a special dining experience.  Spouse and I got to try each other's "tastes" for an interactive evening.  Our salad courses couldn't have been more different, but equally interesting and tasty.  Main courses as well.  I can't recommend any particular item because the menu is not set, but I can suggest trying the duck confit if they have it.
Bring a good attitude to the table and you will be rewarded with top flight food and service.  First time was so good we might go back tomorrow.笑
I can't believe I haven't been here before! What a cool place, as everyone else has said, you basically cross off what you don't like and they make everyone at the table a different meal for each course. It was an excellent meal, and everyone had a great time! I would probably give it a 5 star rating, but I really didn't like the kangaroo I had for my main course.  I've had other gamey meat like ostrich, bison, etc.. but it was never tough, this was really tough meat. Started with the Cucumber Mint Refresher which was excellent!笑
My wife and I did the full tasting.  At the start we were a little worried because the dishes are small.  We got through the first few and had 5-10 minutes between each without any problem.  3 hours later we were begging for mercy as we were on our 15th course.  Everything was quite good, and we did not walk away hungry.  We sat at the counter and watched the food being prepared.  That was fun for a bit, but we were in front of the fish prep spot, so we saw the same dishes over and over.  The menu may be improvisational from night to night, but not from course to course.  If I had it to do over again, I think I would prefer a table for the comfort and intimacy.  My wife paired hers with the wine, and would not have been able to drive home.  She enjoyed all of them.  The chef took time to chat with most of the guests, and the atmosphere was very informal (not informal like jeans/t-shirt, just the mood).  We could ask the various chefs questions and that was unique.  Bill came to $400 without tip, so this isn't an everyday place.  We were celebrating a birthday, anniversary, and going away all at once, so it was worth it to us.笑
Great concept and outstanding food.  Our service was fabulous.  My water glass was always filled and our waitress Katrina was extremely helpful.  Diners should go in with an open mind.  Each course is a surprise so if you don't like surprises you will probably be stressed out during dinner.  My wife is a picky eater and not overly adventurous and she absolutely loved it.    Enjoy!!!笑
I would say it's closer to a 3.5 star but leaned towards a 3 given the slight mishap. 

We dined here for valentines and opted for the 7 course with Kobe beef.  The slight mishap happened with the attitude of our first server. I had a dirty fork so I just asked for a new one.  We were given our appetizers before our drink order was taken despite asking her. I also asked for a fork for the second time and got the response of "your main entree won't be served for another 20 minutes so you will get it then"....wait huh who the hell spit in your Cheerios..just bring me a new dinner fork...my gf got up and asked the manager for a new server. We received the owners wife who said she works the restaurant once a year. She was leaps and bounds better than the first one.

Anyways I thought some of the food was fantastic, some was good, and some were just a miss. The quail, goose, soups, salmon, shrimp were great. I would probably rate them in that order with the quail just being off the charts. The pork was overcooked/kinda bland and the Kobe beef was on the leaner end. It was an add on that I would pass on. I was pretty indifferent on the sturgeon. The flan was absolutely awesome, but extremely rich as well as the other chocolate dessert....aka save a little room for dessert. I think I would come back again as you can see the chefs really have a passion for cooking. 



The owner was extremely friendly and wish him the best on his ramen endeavors.笑
Wow.  If you like surprises and great food this is it.
The waitress, Katerina, was also terrific.  She had an incredible ability to describe every detail of every wine and food dish.
Go early and take advantage of the early bird pricing.笑
The only reason I'm not giving this overpriced, overrated pig a 1 star review is that the food did come out prepared correctly, 1st off when you walk into a restaurant such as this, you are expecting to pay exorbitant amounts of money for an awesome experience, and what my girlfriend and i received was quite the opposite. Right from the start our waiter was a smart-ass with myself and made several snide remarks right after i told him i was waiting for a special person to be with myself to dawn ourselves upon this atrocity of a restaurant. We both decided to do the 7 course meal with foie gras added, each course came out to be about one - maybe one and one half a bite of food although it was all delicious it was truly not enough considering the 7 course was 110$ a person, then since it was my girlfriends bday i let the waiter know and he wished her happy birthday right after the table next to us received several bday dessert options with the whole restaurant staff singing to her. Our water was often left empty and service was quite slow not to mention the ambiance of the restaurant sucked and was similar to a scottsdale bar but empty. And then for the grand finally the waiter hands me the bill and tells my girlfriend happy bday (snidely) again and walks off. At which point she unloaded on him as loud as she could making a huge scene and not even one manager had the balls or consideration to come over and see what the issue was. Save your money don't eat here i have had better service at a fox restaurant than this dump.笑
The most delightful dining experience I've ever had!  Went for the full tasting menu which ended up being about 16 courses so you leave feeling full but not overly stuffed.  It was my first time trying uni which I loved, and the ahi tuna was another highlight.  The secret is to make your reservation before 5:30 to get the cheaper prices, but be prepared to spend big still...it's a once in a lifetime experience.  Try the honey basil cocktail...yum!!笑
My, OH-My!

This was my first visit to Posh and I can not wait to return. From the ambiance, service and cuisine this was a stellar experience.

Nestled in a condominium complex, this wonderful 26 seat food bar gives front row viewing to the complex culinary skills of the kitchen staff. With additional table seating if that's your preference.

We were greeted warmly and seated at the food bar. After completing the questionnaire regarding allergies and preferences, we ordered the five course plus the foie gras supplement and included the wine pairing. Each serving was presented to the two of us precisely at the same time then described in detail. 

The dining experience started with an amuse bush of persimmon salad. Then I was served a lovely salad that combined blood orange, avocado, chocolate, hazelnut and watercress into an amazing combination of flavors. Next was the perfectly cooked scallop with mustard, chanterelles, shallots and thyme. The third course was the foie gras that was a visually stunning presentation as well as being delectable. This was followed by confit of wild boar bacon, duck crackling with maple glaze on a butternut puree. A selection of cheeses was served as the fifth course that mingled creamy and savory flavors.  A clever twist of a snicker bar made of a chocolate pate with cognac caramel sauce was the finale.

This was an extraordinary experience and I look forward to returning. Thanks to chef Josh Hebert and the entire staff at Posh!笑
It baffles me that people rate this one or two stars.  I have no other thought process other than to assume anyone complaining about portion size is gluttonous or values quantity more than quality.

My boyfriend and I enjoyed 6 courses with wine pairings.  We spent the time after each course trying to come up with words that actually described how tasty it was.  We sampled each other's food and wine as well to truly appreciate the creations the chef made.  There was never a time where we got the same thing.  The variety was baffling and it was obvious that the chef loves the craft of cooking.  We both noticed that the wine pairings were very helpful in reanimating the flavors of the foods.  Though there was a wine or two that alone we questioned whether we would buy it on its own, we quickly found that it was in fact perfect for each course.  By course 3, we began trying to guess the food based on the wine.  We were almost always wrong in the best possible way.  A great aspect of this concept was that I was able to list foods and flavors I didn't like on the initial sheet, so I never found myself with a food that I didn't enjoy.  All the courses were flavor-balanced and interesting.  From reading other reviews, there are occasions where the same ingredient was used (i.e. baby octopus), but the flavors around the ingredient enhance different aspects of the food.  I doubt I would ever have a more unique experience somewhere else.

Our server, I remember her name to be Diane, was fantastic.  I could tell that she truly appreciated the flavors of the foods and she was able to discuss each course and each wine with us easily.  We even asked for the species of oyster that we were presented with, and she knew, not just "pacific," but the actual species and canal it was from.  I was shocked at the detailed knowledge she had and how readily she was able to provide it.  It was obvious that she took her job seriously.

By the end of the evening, my boyfriend and I both felt satiated.  The amount of food was perfect.  We were not hungry, we were not overly full.  The amount of wine was perfect.  We had an amazing time.  It took us slightly over 3 hours for the experience and it was one of the most fun 3 hour dinners we could have.  We will certainly be back.笑
Four stars for effort for sure to bring some kind of pop-up semblence of da real deal ramen. But unfortunately the end result lacks authenticity and is embellished far beyond necessity which allows me to only muster up 3 stars. 

Pros: 
-Hubby took away all preconceptions and stated that the okonomiyaki deserved praise for sticking to the simple ingredients and a sauce on par with the basic Otafuku found in any nihon-jin's repertoire.
- The ramen noodle quality which is curly egg, was above average and likely an aspect the chef took time to research and import to Posh. Easily similar could be found in many LA joints.
-The onsen tamago was perfectly poached and runny, kudos for getting this basic formula right where others fail here, a deal breaker for those like me who shriek when we see the hard boiled variety.
-Charsiu was great quality pork belly sliced on the vertical as opposed to the rounded product. Chef took their time to roast this carefully producing tender albeit slim and few pieces to adorn the bowl ($4 extra steep price tag so be warned!)

Cons: Way way wayyy too many toppings that my ramen got lost underneath a full bed of all kinds of peppers, and the sad part was the broth resulted in a overwhelming pepper parade on the palate. 

Net net: Not bad Posh, could improve for sure (tonkotsu challenge??)...or one cld just order plain with charsiu and the egg solo.笑
My wife and I came here for Valentine's a while ago.  We had the five course meal.  While it was a really fun experience, I wasn't blown away, and for the price I expected a bit better.  To be fair though, my wife enjoyed her courses quite a bit.  Overall not upset I went, but not sure I'll be back either.笑
Posh is an innovative and fun place to dine.  The concept of each person designing his own tasting menu is compelling and despite the gimmick the food is well prepared, beautifully presented, and tasty.

The wine pairings that you can add to the tastings are relatively well done but often are keyed to just one ingredient in the dish.  The result can be uneven but only for those who know their wine.  Also, watch the size of the pour!  Because it is an awfully expensive wine pairing, they overcompensate by pouring a full glass with each course.  A full pour times 8 courses can be a bit much for lesser mortals.

I've dined here twice, enjoyed it both times and would return if the opportunity presented itself again.笑
Some of the most creative food I've ever experienced! Chef josh is incredibly talented! Not only was the food fantastic but the service was exceptional as well.笑
Went here with a girlfriend and had to take my husband!! He went and loved it so going again tonight!! Sit at the counter and do the wine pairing!! So fun!!!!笑
An adventurous joy. Posh was a sensory delight and left me wanting to return soon. 
I sat counter-top, and was able to watch the chefs prepare dishes throughout the evening. The wine list is adventurous and unique. The service polished and unobtrusive. The food was inventive and perfectly prepared. Everything about the evening was wonderful, from the moment we walked in the door to chatting with chef/owner Josh at the end of the meal. 
A perfect date night, or great place to take someone while looking to impress. I'll be back soon.笑
One of my top 10 meals *ever*!! 

Some how I forgot to write this review the night of. 
Probably because of the haze of gastronomic bliss I was floating in.

This meal was on Valentine's day, the 24th my wife and I have celebrated together. From the endive salad start to the white chocolate panna cotta finish - every dish was crafted with passion and precision.

The improvisational nature of the menu doesn't mean loss of control of your dinner. It means you get exactly the flavors you like delivered as a wonderful surprise dish. I was amazed that my wife and I (who have Very different palettes) each received dishes to delight us.

This is a MUST visit restaurant. If I could afford it, I'd be here once a week. It is a bit costly for a night out, but worth every penny.

The owner, chefs, kitchen brigade and service staff made this an amazing experience. My thanks to all of you.笑
I love the thrill of not knowing exactly what they're going to serve you! I haven't had anything disappointing. I had halibut cheeks once, that was pretty good! I don't think this place is for someone picky, you need to be open to try new things. I've gone a couple times for restaurant week and it's a good deal -- it seems like there isn't enough food but I'm satisfied at the end of the meal. 

I stopped by for Ramen Tuesday's and I wasn't as impressed as I hoped I'd be. I ordered the Goma ramen and I wasn't sure if it was salty or if the flavor just wasn't satisfying. My friend had the Miso and I liked that better. Still on the hunt for a good ramen place in AZ. 

I love coming here for restaurant week -- never disappoints!笑
This place is a right of passage for any foodie in Phoenix.

Until recent months, I frequented their Tuesday Ramen nights, but duty calls, and I can't go as often.  By far Posh's Ramen is the BEST in PHoenix.  There is no mistaking that.  If you like Ramen, don't be intimidated by the gourmet reputation that comes with POSH.  A standard bowl of Ramen is reasonably priced at ~$12.  

4 nights a week, though, POSH is an improvisational food destination.  I've had 3 improvisational dinner services.  My last experience was absolutely fantastic.  I could not believe the food experience (notice I call it an experience) that I had.  

Fortunately, most of the staff remembers me (I kind of stand out), so my experiences here are always pleasant and wonderful.  I love to sit at the counter of the open air kitchen and watch the chef and his staff at work.  I also make a reservation most of the time, even when it's not necessary.

I love this place. 

Return Factor: 100%笑
Truly a wonderful meal... possibly the best ever. The service was outstanding as well. We had Diane as our server and she was fun and very good at her job. The food was great! The seafood chowder and pork tenderloin were on the top of my list. I love the experience... you don't have a menu just the option to say things you don't like. But then it's all a surprise from there. We loved this place. This was a great girls night out!!!笑
Disgusting. Left all choices up to the chef. Bleach-flavored cucumber amuse bouche. Black been soup was gritty and hard. Foie gras sorbet was single worst tasting thing ever, even more than durian. Entrée was an entire plate of fried sweetbreads. Complained and they replaced it with sand-filled escargot. Only barely edible dessert in group was bland creme brûlée. 

Terrible service from rude waiter who abandoned table after 15 minutes - without a replacement. 

Just visiting the Phoenix area and this single restaurant was such a negative experience that it has led to canceling reservations at other "top rated" places during the trip.笑
We loved this restaurant! Every meal was delicious and staff was incredibly nice! Great place if you are a food lover.笑
Took my hunny here for his birthday today.....welll.............

So I had reservations at 6:15pm....the restaurant is somewhat hidden beneath a huge apartment structure so we drove around twice to find the parking structure...which had no visual signs. After parking we were trying to find an exit from the parking structure and when we finally surfaced the creepy underground parking lot, we had to go through a maze in the Arizona heat around the apartments for about 5 minutes before reaching the restaurant at the opposite end of the parking structure. I was in a black dress and heels and boy was I sweating. Once I got in there I light-heartedly said to the host "Omg why is it so hard to find this place...I've been walking in a maze! Then he laughing said well it's good that you're here now and we'll quickly get you some ice water to cool u down and sat us down at a nice table. 

So this was our first time here but I already kinda know how it works since I've been to other restaurants with tasting menus...but for this one they give you this orange sheet with the price listing for the number of courses you want and any thing you don't like you can cross out or write down. There is a minimum of 4 course for $50, 5 for $60, 6 for $70 and 7 for $80 and then there's the full tasting for $140 and a supplement of $15 if you want one of dish to be Foie Gras. 

So my bf and I decided on 7 course and supplement a dish for foie gras. I don't  like alcohol but they had an option on their drink menu for non-alcoholic cocktails...so basically they would mix any cocktails without the alcohol so I thought that was pretty cool.

I started with a salad and my bf started with a soup..then the other dishes came out in between 15-20 minute intervals. I did not like the way they made the foie gras...because it had a sugar caramelized coat and was a bit too burnt..which to me ruin the foie gras. So I DO NOT recommend the $15 foie gras supplement. I also did not like the creme brulee dessert...it was too wet and I was not fond of the taste either. Other then that the other dishes was okay...it wasn't really mind-blowing. 

The service wasn't spectacular....for the price I paid I expect beyond great service but eh our waiter was okay...he came with our dishes, explained it and then walked away...came back after we were done, took our plates and walked away again...it was a slow night too....there were only about 5 other couples there..and we each had our own servers so I think they could have done a better job.

The bill came out to be around $273....my bf didn't even have wine..just two Blue Moon beers. Overall I'm not too thrill about this place...it's only been opened for like 2 years and 8 months. I didn't mind spending the money but I do expect to get what I paid for...in this case I do not feel I have...sooo would I come here again? mmmmm maybe not.  

FYI: Yelp says it's dressy and Opentable.com says it's causal elegant....Honestly it doesn't freakin really matter...my bf and I dressed up really nice...only to find that some other people were in regular polo shirts, jeans, shorts and filp-flops!! this really irritates me....at least try not to wear flip-flops at such an expensive restaurant! -_-" And I find this the case in many of the fine dining restaurants I've been to..-_-""""笑
Okay, you guys. I'm not a fancy eater. I - apparently - am turning into a picky eater, the older I get. This is not a good combination.

But do you know what is? Posh. And ramen. Together.

I'm out in sunny Arizona escapting the Philly snow, and my friend brought me here. At first I was all like, "Ramen like the bricks you get for $0.10?" Nope. This is the real deal. The food was so good. The wine was good. The staff was good.

I can't wait to find an excuse to go back. You need to find an excuse to get there on a Tuesday. ASAP.笑
This is our "go to" celebration spot here in the desert. It's fun, the people are friendly, the atmosphere is inviting not stuffy. Go be surprised.笑
This makes my top three favorite restaurants in town, for sure. I've been there three times already this month. 

The most important thing I think I can say is be specific about your dislikes! You write down what you *don't* like, not what you do, so if your palate is somewhat high maintenance, that needs to be communicated.

Don't go if you're on a time crunch. If you're there before 5:30, the sunset discount is $15 off! And sitting at the bar is super awesome, especially on a slow night. 

Their foie gras torchon is the best I've ever had, and Chef Josh always has awesome wine recommendations! This place is a must-try for foodies.笑
One of the best meals I have ever eaten! My husband, college age daughter and I popped in one night and wow, were we blown away. We even forgot to list "caviar" as something we did not like and when one of the courses came with it, we tried it and loved it. So, don't limit yourself when you fill out your list of "don't likes." I'm sorry but I can't describe the courses but suffice it say that every course was incredible...beautiful presentation and delicious. And the service? Five star! I want to back...soon!笑
This place is very unique.  After crossing out frogs legs and veal sweetbreads, I experienced a great meal.  (although others at my table had those).. We went here on Christmas Eve, so it was fairly quiet.  Some of my favorite dishes were the tuna with avocado and some type of gel, short ribs, and butter fish on white asparagus.  Everybody else at the table loved the meal as well.  I like that you can choose how many courses you want.  Most of us had six courses which includes a salad and a dessert.  I will be back for sure, because I know it will be different every time, based on what is seasonal.笑
Had the 6 course meal. Interesting concept. No menu, just a list of what you DON'T want. Everything else is open season.

The concept is great but I was hoping for more of an Iron Chef experience. I came away feeling that they really only make a few dishes each night and you're going to get one of those regardless of how "adventurous" you are on the list. Example, GF said she didn't like soft cheese (i know.. insane right?), guess what her first course had on it?

I'm new in town and was happy to see the creativity. But the execution could have been better.

Wine pairings were great. Meal was about $200 before tip for 6 courses for 2 people with one wine pairing.笑
I have eaten at a number of lovely upscale restaurants and Posh has been the worst. I was embarrassed that I chose this place and apologized to the company I took to dine there with me. 

To begin with, I asked the waitress to ask the bartender for the signature cocktail and she became visibly annoyed with this request. As the theme of the restaurant is letting the chef create a custom menu for you, I thought that they could do this was their beverages as well. I was mistaken. When asked to put the bill on separate checks she grumbled, then didn't do it and we were presented with a single check. I had to ask her for more water for the table on 4 separate occasions. Halfway through dinner she completely disappeared without a word and never came back. A replacement  waiter arrived some time later. 

The food could have made up for the terrible service, but it was abysmal and with very small portions. The amuse bouche was sliced cucumber that tasted like bleach. First course was a gritty and boring black bean soup that I could get a better version at Panera. Second was a forgettable octopus salad with no exciting flavors. Third was foie gras (an upgrade) served three ways: two were okay, one was as foie gras sorbet. It did not work and was, until the after dinner lollipop, one of the worst things I have ever tasted. Fourth course was entree. The entire entree was fried sweetbreads. Now, I like a bite of sweet bread here and there when well prepared, but an entire entree? And deep fried? Epic fail. I asked if they could replace it. They did, and brought me 5 pieces of escargot on a plate. The escargot had (what I assume to be) sand in it, which was reflective of the poor craftsmanship happening at this place. While I tried to swallow it, I imagined Gordon Ramsey screaming at the chef for his poor preparation work on that one. Fifth course was an acceptable creme brûlée, followed by a bizarre star anise lollipop that left the worst flavor in one's mouth but was supposed to be an after dinner palate cleanser. The entire table left their lollipops on the table because they were so disgusting. We shared altoids in the parking garage afterwards to rid ourselves of the funk these lollipops left behind. 

While they had different meals, my company had the same experience: poor service and terrible food.  A vegetarian guest's entree was, basically, a bowl of sauerkraut. I was actually embarrassed that I invited them to go there and will never go again. I would urge anyone to select an alternate restaurant for a special evening out.笑
i went to pos aug14th and had a 745 res. we were sat right away . my first thought was "its loud" and thought we were going to have a quiet meal the dress is casual  not dressy like we were informed by the person who picked up the phone ... we did select our amount of courses and the proteins we didnt like or want . such as ny steak veal sweetballs monk fish frog legs rabit kangaroo kinki tuna and some others the meal did take 3 hours for 4 courses and you can have wine pairings which will cost you for 4 courses it was 45 per person and went up to 7. you can add fragua for 15 on top of the course price and it takes the place of a course .the mgr did come over and apologize for a loud costumer and offered to compensate us in anyway. over all the meal was good but we wanted a more low key place笑
The meal was interesting but leaned a little heavy on the asian influence for what I was expecting. I loved the urchin mousse but wasn't a huge fan of my apple curry soup. Also, honestly, it seemed as though my boyfriends dish consistently beat my own, which was, at the very least, annoying. I would give it a try again though because the next meal could be entirely different. Also, the drinks were delicious.笑
A long long time ago I saw Chef Hebert featured on a local news show. His name caught my attention, as we (used to) share it, and the concept stuck with me. The thought of tiny pretty delicacies being presented to me by a pro without my input was very enticing. For at least a year I talked this place up to my then fiance. When we decided to post pone our honeymoon we decided that a no limits night at Posh would be a fun substitute. We were not wrong 
Even before we entered the restaurant service was wonderful. We were both unfamiliar with tasting menus, so I called and asked question about what would be best. The gentleman on the phone was incredibly helpful. We opted for the full tasting with wine parings, the early seating on a Friday night. 
We were the first ones in the place, which I loved. It was nice to see everyone setting up for the night, and watch as the tables filled. Our server was amazing. He took the time to explain every dish and every wine paring, as well as answer all of the questions we had. And his wine paring skills were definitely worth mentioning. My husband and I like wine, and we like food, and understand that the two can really compliment each other, but this guy showed us how intense their affect on one another can be. When he learned that we were newly weds he sent chef Hebert over, which was a nice treat. The chef was warm and friendly, and very talented. 
Everything was amazing. I had my first taste of froie gras, which I was nervous about, but really enjoyed. The spun sugar on top was a great touch, the sweetness was surprising. The kangaroo also stood out. It was so tender, really really great. My husband, who generally dislikes fish (even though he loves sushi, weirdo) and likes all of his proteins to be cooked to a crisp came out of his box for this experience and did not regret it for one second. He ate his kangaroo just the way the chef recommended it and loved every bite. From start to finish every bite was thoroughly enjoyed. This was a fabulous replacement honeymoon. We will be back!笑
Yum!!

I had a great meal at this place and loved their "no menu" concept!  You are given a list of meats and asked to cross off any you don't like, there is also a place to note another other dislikes/allergies/etc.  The boyfriend and I skipped all that and just wrote "vegetarian" in big letters at the bottom. 

We had some amazingly rich, flavorful food and interesting ingredients.  I very much appreciated that both of us were given different vegetarian dishes - that way, I could try EIGHT different courses (four for each).  I had the best potato soup of my life here.  And I've had a lot of potato soup in these 24 years.  

For the price, the portions do seem like your typical small, fancy food plates but I ended up being completely full at the end.  The cocktails were  very weak and it would probably be better bang for your buck to just order a glass of wine.    

Although I loved my meal here, I think this place would be more fun for meat eaters as they have some really interesting ones (kangaroo, quail, frog leg, exotic fish) on their menu.  You also probably get the most out of what you are paying, since the vegetarian option isn't any cheaper.笑
I do not write many reviews although I should, but I'm lazy. I also should tell you before I tell the truth I have eaten everywhere; from the hole in the walls to the finest restaurants from Vegas to Chicago to NY. I also am in the hospitality business from ownership to design/build for over 20 years. 
So I took my family (4 adults) to Posh for what we hoped was a fantastic dining experience. Although the concept is interesting the product we received was a total let down and a serious waste of time and money. 
We spent $700. We did it all!
We chose their highest wine pairings, and so the 2 stars were for the wines. 
The food was horrible. Flavors did not pair well and I'm sick from ingesting what was served. 
For those of you not familiar with improvisational cuisine: you basically put ALL your faith in "the chefs" to make you a meal based on whatever they feel at that time. Bad, bad bad...
I can say the tomato soup was good. 
Everything else was terrible. 
I've never spent $700 at a restaurant and left unsatisfied and hungry believe it or not!
Small tiny portions. No warm bread. 
Sloppy service. Poor ventilation. Slightly dirty and unkept throughout. Poor Host etiquette. Sloppy table set up with a pen and paper menu?
The bathroom had horrible sewer smell: and my wife actually filled the floor drain with water to stop the sewer gas. 

GO SOMEWHERE ELSE.笑
Bison bacon, Japanese octopus, duck, sirloin in truffle oil.... I had all of these things and many more during my first meal at Posh.  WOW!!   I love trying new things, and this definitely hit the mark!  I truly enjoyed myself at Posh.  It's not just a meal, it's an experience.  This restaurant has such a unique concept and they deliver with an amazing quality of food.  We did the 5 course meal.  This is the smallest option, and it's pricey, but the portions are all appropriate so we walked out fully satisfied but not over stuffed.   

We sat at the bar, which surrounds the open kitchen.  You get to see the chef's at work, which is pretty cool.   For the foodies out there, this is a true delight!   It's interactive, the staff were all very attentive, friendly and helpful.  One of the chefs even noticed my friend hadn't eaten part of his dish and offered to replace it with something else if he didn't like it. 

To give you an idea what to expect - you will get to choose how many courses you want and if you want wine pairings with your meals.  Then you get a list of their proteins, which are all pretty unique!  You can cross off anything you are not willing to try.  I crossed off frog legs and escargot, but everything else was fair game.   Some things on the list...octopus, fluke, bison, sirloin, crab, etc.  You pick how you typically like your meat prepared and then can leave some special instructions - no mushrooms, light sugar, etc.  Otherwise, that's it - from there it is the Chef's Choice on what they will make for you. 

I can't even pretend to tell you all of the food that we had, because I have no idea, but I'll give you a little overview.  The first course was an amuse bouche of shaved radishes, cheese and a little sauce.  I don't even like radishes, but man this was delish!   The next dish was a soup course.  OMG, heaven in my mouth!  After all, it did have bacon in it. mmm!!   Following the heavenly soup, I had Japanese octopus.  I was a little nervous, but it was so good! Then, I had a sirloin dish with truffle oil....ahhhh!!!   Next came the duck. Everything was so beautifully prepared  too, you almost didn't want to eat it - it looked so perfect.  Then on to dessert - strawberries and an orange sorbet of some sort.  Perfect! Even got a little to go package with another little dessert.   

Another cool thing was that none of the meals my date and I had were the same.   So I got to try all of his food too.   He had the bison bacon - wow! yes, please!   He also had scallops, which were cooked perfectly.  I can't remember everything else, but there was a tapioca spinach, cilantro jelly and his dessert was a sinfully delectable chocolate dish.

This place is great for a special occasion, a romantic date night, a nice work dinner, a girls night out, birthday party....or just dinner on a Tuesday night, which was our occasion!  It's a bit pricey, but in my opinion it was totally worth it!   

Enjoy!笑
We had our Christmas dinner at Posh. I cannot say how disappointed I am. We had 5 courses: the soup was a potato soup that was like Campbell soup, the fish was okay ... I can do better, the duck ...well I am not sure if it was duck or grounded and breaded something that llooked like turd and was very salty, the dessert was chocolate which was not impressive. I walked out of there hungry ... an expensive dinner and my stomach is upset and I can't slleep.笑
Michael was our server and he was absolutely amazing and really friendly...we also talked to Diane and she was amazing as well, really knowledgeable about the food and a really great person overall.. My boyfriend and I celebrated our 4 year anniversary at Posh and it was unforgettable... We are definitely coming back!!! 

Thank you Michael for an amazing experience!! :)笑
We go every year on our spring break stay in Scottsdale. This year was better than ever! Adventurous food, beautifully presented. Loved it so much we went back for ramen night-also amazing. Don't miss this place!笑
There veal tenderloin with risotto is to die for! Simply amazing. Also there dessert are all one of a kind, super spectacular! My personal favorite is the Panna Cotta with white chocolate!笑
I went a few times for Tuesday ramen, rather than the traditional fare. It was pretty good. Staff was friendly.笑
On Tuesdays they offer ramen at Posh.  I was here with a couple of friends and it was a great experience.  We sat at the bar and the server was very friendly and knowledgeable.

They offer ramen choices with different broths and ingredients.  I had the goma and loved the pork and noodles in the yummy broth.  I'll definitely be back on another Tuesday!笑
OMG!!! this is one of my favorite place...if you want to be adventurous and let the chef decide for you, then this is the right place. I wish it wasn't as expensive and I'll be here more often. That's why I save this place for special occassions...makes this place even more special!笑
For quite a while now I've driven past a residential building in Old Town Scottsdale, at the base of which is an unassuming red and white sign that reads "POSH Improvisational Cuisine."  After having asked several friends what this place was all about and gathering random bits of information about this mysterious restaurant that "has no menu," "is really expensive,' and my personal favorite "I have no freaking idea," I added it to my list of places I wanted to try out.

Recently I had the opportunity to meet several friends for dinner and POSH was the consensus restaurant choice, so to POSH I went!  Arriving First in my group is unusual for me but arrive first I did.  The "lobby" in POSH is well..POSH, with several comfy chairs and a view of what's going on in the restaurant.

After a few minutes my group arrived and we were shown to our preferred counter seats (the better to see Chef  Joshua Hebert create our dinner), brought cocktails and given the rundown on how things worked.  Presented with sushi style menus, we were instructed to strike through any proteins that we didn't like and note at the bottom any allergies or things we didn't prefer to eat. That was it, a menu would be created individually for each diner in the party by the Chef and his crew of culinary mad scientists.

I ordered the six course tasting menu sans wine pairing for $65, and wondered what gastronomical delights awaited.   My wait was not long as the amuse bouche arrived in short order.  After a few minutes our first course arrived,  potato viscosuisse with chive oil & arugula pesto, a surprisingly lite, chilled soup with a silky texture that begs to be consumed.

All conversation stopped as the members of my party hungrily consumed a variety of tailor made dishes and just as suddenly resumed amidst a chorus of "oooh's,' and "ahhh's," while we discussed the day's events and waited for the next course which in my case was an Heirloom yellow tomato sorbet, sweetened with a little bit of simple syrup, mint oil & tomato caviar garnish. I must say, I never knew tomatoes could taste so exquisite.  The flavor was bright, sweet and fresh with just a hint of acidity and was topped with tiny red tomato caviar which burst on the palate providing just the slightest bit of sourness.

On to the next course of Santa Barbara spot prawns served with a shrimp demi-glace, preserved lemon, capers & baby artichokes. Now I've eaten a lot of shrimp in my time and more than my fair share of prawns yet I've never had them cooked so perfectly.  The temperature was spot on making them succulent and moist , the rich and flavorful demi-glace tasted faintly of the ocean and combined with salty capers had me envisioning waves of flavor washing over my palate.

While awaiting the next course we discussed the different experiences each member of the group had had to this point. There was general agreement that there were flavors, textures and presentation elements that we hadn't had previously and all were eager to move on to the next course which was Fois gras.

I've always heard people waxing poetic about the virtues of foie gras and have generally been ambivalent but no more, the crunchy brulee' was the perfect textural compliment to soft, slightly sweet foie gras (the texture and flavor of which I'm STILL at a loss to adequately describe), served over a sweet coulis of papaya with tiny house pickled grapes and topped with a beautiful garnish of hand spun sugar.  I've thought about this dish many times over the last few days but the only thing I'm able to say is that you must try it!

My next course was lamb which I normally find improperly prepared leaving it with an unpleasant taste and texture but masterfully prepared here.  Served with broccoli, fingerling potatoes & a mustard dill sauce with Chile flakes.  Unfortunately, I wolfed it down so fast that I forgot to take pictures.  I will say that having lamb prepared in this way gives me cause to add it to my list of "likes!"

The next course happened to be duck, another protein that I typically dislike due to poor preparation which leaves it greasy with an unpleasant flavor.  Here the duck was bacon cured served with bok choy & apricot sake sauce. This dish was both visually appealing and absolutely delicious (I've said this about several of the night's items with good reason), it was perfectly prepared, tender enough to cut with a fork, with just the right amount of salty smokiness which went well when paired with the accompanying apricot sake sauce.

Following the duck was a surprise course of Scrapple (a Pennsylvania Dutch favorite), served with Fava beans and the Boar bacon that I've heard so much about. This crunchy on the outside, soft and creamy on the inside staple of the Pennsylvania working man was elevated by Chef  Joshua Hebert, to something extraordinary.  Topped with a crispy poached egg yolk, crunchy boar bacon bits and bright, fresh Fava beans, scrapple at POSH is one of my new favorite thing.笑
Having lived in Chicago for 28 years I was hoping this would be something special.  The food was dull, we told the waiter we wanted certain things but wanted something with some flare.  We all got basically small amounts of boring food for a lot of money.  I could do btter by buying fish and meat at Costco and grilling them myself.笑
Absolutely exceptional. The concept keeps everything fresh and exciting. The execution is impeccable. I love trying interesting items and at Posh, I know it will be delivered with finesse. The servers are all experienced and professional. Any bumps in the road are handled with a professionalism and courtesy that I wish all establishments would implement.

Posh is my favorite restaurant and I have always felt welcome even though I don't normally prefer the "Scottsdale scene."笑
My wife and I are foodies and always love to experience chef tasting menus. Last nights experience at Posh was amazing and ranks up there with our many meals in NYC. The food was spectacular - wine parings on point - service was impeccable . The foie gras - served 3 ways - was the best that my wife and I have ever had !! The vibe of the place is by design very comfortable - not stuffy - it's all about the food !!笑
This is one of our favorite places to eat in the Phoenix area. We have eaten there about 10 times and every time we have received a completely different dining experience. The staff are always warm and extremely knowledgeable. We love to talk food and wine with them. An absolute must for foodies!!!笑
My favorite restaurant experience in the Valley!

I have been here a half dozen times and whenever we invite guests, they have to be Foodies.  We were here last Saturday and our guest actually sent us a Thank You note for the awesome experience!  I do the 5-course tasting and just order a bottle of wine instead of doing wine pairings.  I like to sit at the counter and watch all the action.  It's like Iron Chef!  Each diner has their a server place down the beautiful plate and the head server explains the dish.  We were three people dining so I got to try 15 different dishes!  I love chatting with Chef Josh because he is so passionate about food.  His current staff has been with him for 4-5 years and he has promoted a line cook to an expediter so he can talk with the guests.   

I didn't cross out any proteins this past visit and loved every bite.  Had a salad with mixed greens, cantaloupe and wheat berries. A lovely sashimi of a fish I've never tried before.  Wild Boar bacon (but ended up switching with a friend for her frog's legs), Wagyu Strip steak with turnips and a rich demi glace and a flourless chocolate cake so dense, you drool as your fork makes it's way through the slice in slow motion.

The atmosphere is not stuffy.  The elegance is all in the food.  The staff is warm and genuine and I always ask for a big bear hug from Chef!笑
Whether you go for the Ramen or an evening of improvisational cuisine, this restaurant is AMAZING! Chef Josh kicks off the week with Ramen night every Tuesday by offering 4 selections, Miso, Shoyu, Goma, and Shrimp. We've tried them all, and picking a favorite is difficult. I love the Shoyu with the marinated, soft egg. During this last visit, though, I had the shrimp. I LOVE that if you ask for a to go order they will package the noodles separately so they don't get mushy. 

The rest of the week they do their amazing improvisational cuisine. All I can say is TRY IT. Be open to everything, make your selections "chef's choice," and trust them to serve you the most amazing meal you have ever experienced.笑
Dear Posh,

I just woke up in a cold sweat, scratching my arm, I need a fix. I am having serious withdrawals after the smorgasbord the other night. I need duck liver and I need it now....seriously I have a problem and I need to go to Foie Anonymous.  

For best dinning experience (and for the best life experience too!) dont be so picky about what you have. I saw some posts where people were way too restrictive with their requests. (seriously Kat S.? no vegetables???) Stick with food allergies and things you absolutely HATE. If you hate an entire section of the food pyramid, Posh is not for you.笑
Amazing -- AMAZING -- dinner tonight at Posh.  My friend and I both ordered the 7-course dinner (they gave us each 9 courses) -- and they gave us each 9 different courses (so there were essentially 18 different dishes).  A bargain at $100.  If this restaurant were in Manhattan, it would cost $300 per person and you would never be able to get a reservation.  We had a reservation, but didn't need one -- inexplicably, the restaurant was practically empty on a Friday night.  Run, don't walk, to Posh.笑
Took my girlfriend here for Valentines day and was very glad I made the choice.  Loved the modern decor and the friendly wait staff.  We sat at the bar area and was able to watch Chef Josh and his crew deliver an unforgetable dinner for my girlfriend and myself.  Favorites included the Fanny Bay Oysters, Foie gras & the duck confit wrapped in a crepe.  Dont be fooled by the negative reviews written by amateur diners this restaurant is top notch.笑
Since I don't live in Scottsdale, it was a tad bit hard to find but well worth the adventure. I've never experienced improv cuisine and it was such a fresh approach to dining. It's like surprising your palette at each turn as you just don't know what the next course unveils but you know it's going to be spectacular nonetheless! It is definitely not for the price conscious so be prepared to part with your change. Portions are on the smaller size but it was perfect as you don't leave feeling stuffed or heavy. Parking is solely valet and is underneath the restaurant.笑
AMAZING! That is all I can say. I am a total foodie and love trying new and different things. The hub took me here for my birthday, and it was YUM! We sat at the counter and the owner came over several times to see if we were enjoying our meal. Everything was perfect!笑
NOT ENOUGH FOOD.  We decided to dine with some friends last night.  I had seen this place a couple times, read an article about it and saw the reviews on Yelp.

We all decided to give it a chance.  I have to say that the service was great.  The waiter was on point and the drinks were good.  However, that is were it seems to stop.

First were was the music?  After about 30 minutes there I kept thinking something was missing.  When it hit me there was no music.

The food was good and interesting.  I think the concept is great, and you feel like your on a episode of Top Chef.  

Problem is there is not enough food.  After each course all four of us kept getting hungrier and hungrier.  Also, two of at the table request no veal sweetbreads and venison - we both got what we requested not to get.  Although mine was good, a bit bland but eatable.

To say the least - it was a great experience.  We had a great time with friends and we will be talking about the outrageous bill for what we got for a couple years.

If your going to go, your going for the concept, not for hunger 

We had to go to Bungalow across the way and grab a grilled cheese after.笑
It is definitely a unique restaurant with an interesting concept in dining. You start out by selecting the number of courses your dining experiencel will be and by crossing out ingredients you don't want  included in your dish. The chefs create your dishes to their liking and every person gets a different creation that is explained by your server.

While some of the dishes were very tasty others were not  for such a pricey place. (I even sent one back as it was not good at all).  They let you know the portion size is appetizer size but it is more a one bite size (at least my husband's and mine, our daughter's portions were a bit larger I guess because it was her birthday, and she did like every one of her dishes). The desserts were delicious and you could actually share them since the portions were the perfect size. 

Overall I enjoyed the experience, my husband left starving and our daughter got her wish of dining at Posh. Will I go back again soon......defenitely not.笑
We have been to posh before for their seven course tasting. It is inventive and fun. We have been wanting to try their Ramen night, and we are so glad we did. We started with the pancake, which was quite rich and very big. We both got Ramen bowls, and we had plenty to spare. It's a lot of food! Delicious flavors and tender noodles. Wish we lived closer so we could enjoy it more often.笑
If it wasn't for Restaurant Week, I am not sure if I would of been dining at Posh, but I am sure glad I did. I have no idea where you actually park so we decided to park at Fashion Square. What a pain since I had high heels on!

Anyway, once we get there  - it was great! We had a four course meal all improv - I opted no veal, no olives. My husband and I got different plates so we were able to share and try everything they served us. It was fabulous!

One of the entrees was kangaroo with ramen. I've never had kangaroo before... It wasn't my favorite dish of the evening, but at least I can say i've  tried it.

I loved the ambiance, the service, and the concept!笑
I am always up for a new style of dining experience so I tend to  attract the unusual in my radar. In a city hosting a multitude of great eateries, I'm not surprised to find something new and different here. Improvisational Cuisine. What is it - you ask? Well POSH in Scottsdale, Arizona describes it as:  "A manner in which the guest provides just enough information about their personal preferences and dietary restrictions for Chef Joshua T. Herbert & his Culinary Staff to provide a modern and seasonal tasting menu with a touch of innovation." Innovative? It definitely was and I loved it!

The only negative obstacle in eating at POSH is finding it! After a Google search and several u-turns and exploration, we finally found the entrance to a lower level parking garage that houses the facility. Not sure if I can recount the specific instructions for you, but suffice to say, leave a bit early and you might want to call ahead for guidance.

The ambiance is sleek and clean with an open kitchen almost the full length of the dining room, which I loved by the way. A metal menagerie of appliances and prep stations with a full bar expanding it's length. Perfect for an evening of culinary entertainment. Or opt for some personal time as we did at your own table. To gain personal data, you are given a sheet containing a few simple questions and a selection of items that you may chose not to enjoy that evening. The meal is then prepared with careful care and consideration to fulfill an interesting variety of culinary treats that will delight even the most discerning palate.

One of the options for information gathering is whether you would like 4 (for restaurant week) 5, 6, or 7 courses. Although our table of four informed the kitchen that we were quite in sync with our preferences, we were each served different dishes for each course, with duplication only a couple times. This allowed us the experience of seeing and tasting a bounty of choices! Well... we're family so sharing is a given. I won't even attempt to critique each and every dish as it would be an overwhelming task without detailed notes on each item. I will say, however, that of the 5 courses I personally selected, 3 of them were dishes I will be dreaming about and the other 2 were quite good.

Not inexpensive nor overpriced for an amazing dining experience. So call all your foodie friends and get together for some fun culinary delights at POSH Scottsdale!笑
A truly amazing dining experience!  This was the most fun I have had at a restaurant in a long time because you truly didn't know what you were going to get...wine or food!  We told the chef a few things we didn't like and then they based what we would get off of that list.  We tried some very unique wines and food and truly enjoyed ourselves.  Where else can you get kangaroo for your main entree?  Totally amazing!  The service was impeccable...true professionals at what they do.  The decor was nice and lots of light due to the floor to ceiling windows.

You must check this place out!笑
This was an amazing experience. The only reason I am giving it 4 instead of 5 is that it seamed as though my dislikes were ignored. This didn't really end up mattering since my date and I would just switch plates. The service was great, and the food was really amazing. We opted for the 7 course, but since we kept swapping plates I really got to try a lot of different plates. 

I have never really cared for scallops but this had to be my absolute favorite. It was AMAZING! The dessert that was a dark chocolate something or other (I'm not too fancy) was really the best dessert I had ever tried. About half way through dinner we were talking about getting hot wings after, since we were worried we would leave hungry (which we didn't). Two courses later we ended up with a chicken glazed in buffalo style hot sauce with a side of a blue cheese butter. I think they may have been eavesdropping... but it was really tasty.

I wish I would have taken notes on everything I had, and what I thought about it - the next day most of it escapes me other than I know my date and I had an absolutely terrific time.

My only real regret is not getting the cheese selection. It would have been a replacement for one of the courses. I know I love cheese so I didn't want to 'waste' a course.笑
A wonderful date night at our favorite spot in town. We opted to sit at the long counter this time to watch the action. It was cool. The only issue is that the seats were a bit tight for Big Daddy to get really comfortable and we were pretty far from the action (my fault for calling at the last minute). I loved sitting there because I like the social aspects of a community spot and it was great fun. Food was exquisite as ever (menu to follow below). We both noticed that Chef Josh (always a charmer) is placing even more emphasis on front of the house interaction. EVERYONE LOVES THAT! It makes it fun and he is so informative that the food goes to another level. 
BIg Daddy and my menus combined:
Amuse bouche- passion frruite gren tea w/kiwi pudding (good, but sweet for us)
Celery root sout w/pumpkin seed oil- DIVINE
Cucmber, watermelon, red radis, goat cheese salad
Kumamoto Oyster- ponzu soy, chive 
Loup de mer w/eggplant mash- YUMMY
Foie Gras-BIG DADDY SAID IT IS THE BEST THING EVER. He was swooning and he doesn't ever swoon that much unless I cook! (ulterior motive, but that's another story :))
Kangaroo w/ creamy white polenta- Kangaroo was good- a bit firmer than we expected and the polenta complimented it beautifully.  A lovely protein course.
Veal sweet breads- zucchine noodls, shishito peppers and bacon consumme- LOVE THIS- We requested sweetbreads because we lust for them and these were delicious. Chef even gave us tips on how to make them at home (no small feat)
The Cheese Course- always prefer savory over sweet - Epoisses de Bourgogne, humbolt fog (hubby's fave) and robiola SUPERB!

The meal was absolutely wonderful. Experience was romantic, fun. No wonder they are always packed in this economy. LOVE IT!笑
It is official, Tuesday is Ramen day!

I have been searching for a quality Ramen around the area  since the day I arrived in Scottsdale. I have tried the ramen at Ramen Republic, Cherry Blossom, Yoshi Bento and Umami and just recently I tried Posh Ramen. To date, Posh Ramen takes home the bacon (or should I say Chashu pork). 

Posh Improvisational Cuisine switches from the adventurous Posh menu to a simple ramen bar menu every Tuesday. The prices for the ramen choices are reasonable. On an average, a guest would spend around $12 per bowl. For a high end and original big bowl of ramen, i think its a good value for your $12 bucks.

The ambience of the place also tones down to a more relaxed and casual feel. As compared to the upscale feel that the restaurant has between Wednesday to Saturday. The staff goes casual with their shirts that says Posh Ramen.

Service is still excellent. We wanted to order two appetizers but our server recommended that we save room for the ramen since the ramen bowls are are pretty big. It was a good suggestion that helped enjoy our ramen.

The Ramen. Again, the best ramen i've had in AZ so far. The noodles were cooked properly. Not too soft but not undercooked as well. It doesn't break when you do the slurp (which is how ramen should eaten). The broth is full of flavor. The few choices that they have offers every taste bud something to enjoy.

Appetizer: Okonomiyaki. Perfect way to prepare your taste buds for Japanese meal. The savory vegetable pancake with bacon and shrimp was complimented by the bbq sauce and mayonnaise. What really added to the experience was the bonito flakes. It had the fishy asian character that would complete your every bite. 

Goma Ramen I think had a laksa finish to it. It had bokchoy, scallions, sesame seed and peppers. Maybe my favorite out of all the ramen we tried. 

Shoyu Ramen was the classic ramen. You know you are enjoying a ramen because of the flavor profile of the pork broth. The marinated bamboo was tender and it was served with a soft egg that had very unusual (good unusual) yolk. The yolk was sweet and it really complimented the broth.

Shrimp Ramen had a very Chinese soup flavor. It had a little bit a of a kick that I would recommend to those who like the Thai Tom Yum. 

I would definitely be waiting for Tuesdays from now on because of Posh's ramen Tuesday.

Read my other reviews at http://themealexperience.blogspot.com笑
Went there on Tuesday for ramen night so can't give it a full judgement. Okonomiyaki was superb while waiting for our ramen. Pork cracklings are amazing and only a $1 add-on. Cocktails were sub bar but they weren't the reason I tried this place笑
I have never had a great "gimmick"  (and I use that word in the complimentary form) come together with service, atmosphere, and amazing tastes and smells so well. I can only highly  recommend the wine pairing. Our wine steward knows Josh's cooking as well as he knows his wines, his pours where bang on. 
Thanks Guys笑
We went here for dinner last night and it was so amazing that here I am,  first thing in the morning, writing my review. In a word, Posh is AMAZING. So much so that I can't wait to go back!  Sorry Mark and Eddie, but I think I just found my new favorite place! Oh I'll be back to you, but holy cow is Posh ever good. 

As has been described already in other reviews, you get a list of proteins and you can let the chefs know what you dislike and they will build a menu based on what you do like. I pretty much gave them carte blanche although husband was a bit more restrictive. We opted for the full tasting menu, his without wine pairing and mine included wine. 

The service is absolutely incredible. Everyone is very friendly and non-intrusive although with selecting the full tasting menu, we saw A LOT of our server.  Several times, Joshua Hebert, the chef/owner served our dinners and he is a delight--very sweet, humble, and a refreshing change from some of the pompously overbearing chefs here in town (cough cough Chris Gross cough cough)

The food was fantastic....simply, utterly, completely fantastic. With the full tasting menu, there were 14 (no that's not a typo) different selections that came to our table including dessert. I included the foie gras and while others disliked the pairing of it with the berries, I found it quite a nice compliment to the richness of the foie gras. Each selection came just as we requested it be prepared, full of flavor, and never over done.  Our dishes truly crossed the entire spectrum of food ranging from fish to clams to beef short ribs to sweet breads, venison, duck, lamb, and beef.  We had the most delicious endive salad which was a homage to the wedge salad only bite size. And we also had an amazing sweet potato soup that was velvety and perfectly done. The only dish I didn't care for was the duck as the texture just didn't do it for me. Husband likes his meats prepared well done and he got well done every single time--not burnt--but still moist and delicious. 

Since I selected to have wine pairing, each dish came with a different wine....so yeah, that's 14 different wines...well 13 because 1 dish was actually paired with a very nice beer. Each beverage was perfectly paired with each dish. Having the pairing did enhance the flavors of each dish. But I guess that my 1 complaint...14 alcoholic beverages paired with 14 dishes and this Mama was definitely drunk by the time we got outta there.  By the last 4 dishes,  my tastebuds were so inebriated, I don't think I quite got the full flavor of those dishes. I can tell you that those last 4 dishes had great textures and I'm pretty comfortable to say I liked them.  The dessert of crustless cheesecake with meringues was refreshing because it wasn't so sweet. (at least I think so haha)  The next time I go back, I will probably just order a bottle of a solid all-around kind of wine instead of doing pairing simple because I don't want to be drunk every time I go there. 

The only other complaint I have is that the restaurant gets very very loud. The room is a wide open space with nothing to break up the noise. And be prepared for the obligatory arrogant Scottsdale guy who thinks he's far more important than he is, out with a woman who is so out of his league that he doesn't realize she's just there for his money. There were a few of those, but it does make for great people watching. 

If you are looking for something different...something where you can just tell the chef this is what I don't like, now SURPRISE ME, Posh is your place. I can't say enough great things about this place and I really can't wait to go back!笑
The ramen on a scale of 1-10 was a 7... But! We ordered the mochi which is 4 dollars, and I watched the guy pull the pre packaged box of mochi from trader joe's  out of the freezer. They dress it up by cutting it up and drizzling some sauce on it. But nope, its trader joe's! The food takes a real long time to come out also.笑
I'm saddened to see that this place has closed. It's an interesting concept. I had a phenomenal dinner of the 18 course variety for my birthday in April here. You basically get a list of proteins and you cross of the things you don't like and you get a surprise dinner of tiny plates. You aren't going to like everything you get, but if you're an adventurous eater, its really fun! The good news is, the owner has a new place called hot noodles and cold sake that recreated the ramen night they used to have - only every night. Check it out.笑
Rarely will I write a review without multiple visits with few exceptions. If the place in question was so awful that I would never return, or if the spot really blows me away I am compelled to sing its praises. Sing I must.

I had no perception of this joint at all in terms of the space itself, only a few word of mouth declarations of how good the food was. They came from serious foodies so my interest was peaked from the get go. Loved the concept and could not wait to check it out.

Marian H. decided that she was taking me here for our 20th wedding anniversary a week or so ago. I may just return the favor on our second 20 year celebration in February. Yes, she is so fine I married her twice. Okay once for taxes, once to share with the family but whatever we still celebrate them both, because we can.

I love a food bar. Most food bars that I have leaned against have six to eight seats. Not this bad boy, it's huge. Seats around twenty-six or so, really cool. Love dining like this as you get to witness the action up close as well as chat up the chefs. Did I mention cool tunes also? No stuffy piped in music here.

Josh is the real deal, friendly, funny and serious about his craft. I found this to be the case with not only the rest of the kitchen crew, but the front of the house staff also. No pretence whatsoever. Rumor has it he taught Joel L. everything he knows about golf as well. I may have started the rumor, but hey someone has to start them. I could envision sitting around having a few cocktails with him outside of the restaurant and I am thinking his personality would be exactly the same. Refreshing, and not always the case.

We chose a five course meal with the foie supplement and the wine pairings. Most any other spot I have ever done a tasting or degustation type dinner at, you get the same plates or one of the same dish to share. Not here. Even though our cards were filled out identically, basically anything goes, we were served different dishes. Bonus! The only dish that was identical was the foie, and thank goodness as it would have been a fight to the death for this slice of pure bliss. So the truth is I had the opportunity to taste a dozen dishes, which is really cool. 

A delightful amuse of persimmon salad dressed with balsamic to kick things off. This was followed by an endive salad with quince, Valdeon and pear vinaigrette. Very nice flavor here especially the Valdeon cheese, a rich creamy Spanish blue cheese really made the dish for me.

Next came the Fluke served with sea beans, pomegranate, cucumber and coconut vin. The fish was pristine and cooked perfectly. Really nice flavor combinations here, loved the subtle coconut flavor.

The foie torchon brulee  was simply out of this world good. Topped with spun sugar and comforted by a berry coulis. Just typing this makes me yearn for another bite.

Duck breast, bok choy, cippolini and Thai peanut sauce. Once again, the duck was cooked perfectly. Really loved the slightly caramelized cippolini in this dish.

Nice spread of cheeses and charcuterie were a welcome addition containing some  favorites, Humbolt fog at the top of the list. Really enjoyed the Gouda with fennel as well. Wine and cheese, is there anything better? Too often overlooked as a fine addition to any good tasting.

For dessert a roulade ginger cake with pumpkin mousse was a fitting finale to a great meal. 

I left out the dishes I sampled served to Marian H, which was hard to do but you can read her review!

I wish I could remember all of the wines served, but I just could not bring myself to take copious notes here. Suffice it to say, they all paired really well with each dish served.

Looking forward to dining here again soon, you should to! Save me a seat at the bar.笑
This one might be worth six stars. I visited Posh with my wife, sister and brother-in-law, and we were excited for a unique dining experience. We weren't disappointed and it still comes up from time to time... months after our visit. 

Do yourself a favor and sit at the bar so you can watch the chefs work. If you're open-minded about what you'll eat, put yourself in the chefs' hands and enjoy the ride. They're super friendly and engaging, so feel free to ask questions, too. Here's what we had on our visit (I'll upload photos too):

Roasted red pepper soup
Arugula salad with cherry
Arugula salad with pea tendrils, pickled red onions, & goat cheese
Avocado, blood orange, chocolate, and hazelnut shavings.

Monkfish with miso-glazed dichon.
Seared skate with sea beans & rhubarb sauce
Frog legs Parmesan encrusted.

Braised veal cheek with fingerling potato, celery leaf salad & mustard sauce
Shrimp chorizo with spring veg mix & avocado purée
Hamachi over peas, fava beans, & yellow broth
Seared scallops, spicy tomato, & heads of roasted garlic

Venison flank steak with Okinawan yams, mushrooms & Szechuan sauce
Lamb loin seared over basmati rice with eggplant & olive
Wild boar bacon seared with duck fat, pea purée gnocchi, citrus/honey sauce
Duck carbonara

Cubes of Kobe beef over red spinach leaf with shrimp demi glacé.

Buttermilk panna cotta topped with strawberries, lavender honey, & sugar strands. Milk chocolate layered with panna cotta and white chocolate. Dark chocolate truffle.

Meyer lemon curd lollipops.

Assorted cookies.笑
Don't Go!!!   This interesting idea for a restaurant is a total failure.  The dishes are mostly pre made and assembled before serving. The dishes are tiny portions and arrive cool to tepid in temperature.  The dishes are poorly executed with my meat course tasting like lukewarm left overs.  Service is good but the kitchen just doesn't care.  And it shows.  It's a total waste of money food and time.  You've been warned.笑
We had a superb meal last night at a fairly new Scottsdale restaurant. The restaurant is POSH and chef/owner is Joshua Hebert. Interesting concept - he call's it Improvisational Cuisine. They give you a list of the main course ingredients - meats, poultry, and fish - they're working with that night and you choose the ones you don't want. Also choose how you like your meat done (from Rare to Well done), likewise for fish, indicate if raw meat is OK, likewise for fish, and write down any general dislikes or allergies, and choose anywhere from a 5-7 course dinner. They vary portion size so that regardless of number of courses ordered you get approximately the same amount of food. Either with or without wine pairings. Each person gets a different meal, though some get an identical course. We all got the same cheese plate before desert. We also all got the same appetizer. The courses are very small but absolutely first rate. The one that blew me away was the panna cotta of sea urchin (uni) as an appetizer. It was spectacular. All three of us ordered the seven course meal and of the twenty-one plates we received sixteen were different from each other. Three of the twenty-one could have been better: the cream of rutabaga and fennel soup wasn't hot, but tasted wonderful; the braised pork belly was, in my opinion, a little too salty; and the half of a quail stuffed with sausage was slightly over cooked, but overall they really pulled it off.The wine pairings were perfect throughout. Cost for seven course without wines is $75, $135 with the seven flights of wine.笑
Only basing this review on their Tuesday ramen night as I have not tried their main menu yet.  Let me tell you, they make some delicious ramen and okonomiyaki, will be back for sure.  Only reason it got 4 stars was because it took a long time for our food to arrive, but the taste was well worth the wait!笑
I came here with a few friends for AZ restaurant week.  The place looked quite "posh" with the decor of a Hollywood night club.  We all ordered the 4 course meal (soup, fish, meat, and dessert).  The waitress gave us a list of items on a sheet of paper and told us to cross of things that we did not like.  In addition, we were given space to add additional feedback.  I crossed off things I knew that did not sound appetizing such as duck, barracuda, and sweetbread (cow testicles).  In addition, I mentioned that I wanted lean meats.  

The great part is that everything was a surprise. I ended up getting a tomato basil soup, halibut with spicy wild rice, kangaroo, and pecan pie.  I am going to Australia in a few months, and I got a flavor of kangaroo.  I have never tried a red meat since I don't eat beef.  I was kind of tepid on how it would taste, but it was flavorful and cooked medium well as I asked.  I was just hoping my stomach would not be jumping around like a kangaroo.

My only complaint is that they did not have some other meats such as chicken.  I know chicken is not an exotic or expensive meat, but it is always a good alternative in case people can not handle the exotic items.笑
This isn't a review of one restaurant, but two.  It just so happens that they occupy the exact same space, employ the same people, and have the same name.

I'd initially been wary of Posh - "Improvisational Cuisine" conjured images of people slapping "mystery meat" onto plastic cafeteria trays.  But a positive review on "Check Please Arizona" changed my mind, and we went for Restaurant Week.  

Everything was top-notch, from service to wine selections to the food (although I was upset I only got to TRY the kangaroo, as it was quite tasty).  Given the food allergies/likes/dislikes within our group, it was nice to see that everyone was fully considered and accounted for.  Five stars all around!  Not a single thing we didn't like!  An amazing restaurant and concept!  Other cries of jubilation and deliciousness!  In short, we decided that Posh was great, but a "special event" kind of place, given the non-RW prices and the fact that none of us are millionaires (yet).

We came back for my birthday (the specialest of all occasions), and sadly, it wasn't the Posh we went to the first time.  On three separate dishes, requests weren't met (and two of them related to health/allergy requests), service was sloppy, and some of the food just wasn't that good.  My soft shell crab was a little bland, and the frog's legs I got for my entree weren't too impressive.  Also, one of the appetizers was a salad, with lettuce, cheese, haricot vert and salami.  That was it.  I'm sure that the ingredients were top-notch, but it seemed a bit sparse compared to some of the other offerings at our table.  It was like someone had asked us what we liked about the place last time and marked down most of our positives as "things to get rid of next time they're in."  Dessert was good, though.

As much as I'd like to give Posh a top rating, I cannot do so with any real confidence.  If I go back (and I'd like to go back), I'll have to tread carefully.  I don't know which of the two restaurants I'll be visiting.笑
I have to say that I'm am so disappointed with Posh at this time. The food just failed to wow, that and with an excruciatingly long 2 and a half hour 5 course meal was painful, figuratively and physically (the seats were so hard). 

The idea here to to select what type of eater you are, vegetarian, carnivore, seafood or chefs choice.. then you outline the things you don't like as well as dietary restrictions. Great concept, even now I still think its a great concept but I don't think many people are going to get it, or are that adventurous. I think Posh would have done well in a foodie city like San Francisco but I don't think its going to take off here. 

The chef does select great ingredients and seems to be very confident in his knowledge of cooking, plus he's very creative. 2 of us were low carbing of the 4 in our party but, none of the dishes were much different between us. For instance they received a portion of kobe beef and we got a lamb chop, we could have just switched plates and it would have been the same effect. Though when I saw sweet potatoes in the plate I knew that Id have to eat around it. While the chef 'sent' his apologies (he should have come personally) and offered another savory course, my rear was hurting so bad I passed on it. Did get a cheese course for dessert which was good but all the fruit around went into the trash, low carb usually means no fruit. 

I'm sitting here just really disappointed and well, hungry. If you're really hungry order more than 5 courses, if not, well you'll be looking for something to eat afterward. BTW, the cookie plate in the end was bigger than any course we had though with being on a low carb diet was kind of torture/cruel since I couldn't eat any of them. We did leave hungry.

Here's a list of plates that we had..

Mache salad w/cucumber and blood orange
Fennel soup with endive salad
Shrimp with curry and salsify puree
Sanddab with roast turnip 
Lamb chop with turnip and sweet potato
Cheese with pickled and fresh fruit笑
Definitely a Special occasion restaurant because the price, but if you are a foodie or pretty much up for anything you should dine here at least once in your life.  It's a great date night too because your date will get 6 different courses from you, so you really get a feel for the talent of the chefs and get to try a lot of food!笑
L loves this place, because it was one our places that we discovered together.  I remember her thinking the young waiter was cute, but not in a sexual way, because he looked so young. The place has great decor, and experimental food. A tad to trendy for scottsdale, even though scottsdale has wealthy people. L repeated with her sons on her own. So, if she takes her sons there on her own, it gets her stamp of approval.笑
Finally had a chance to check out their Ramen night this past Tuesday. 
I couldn't find the restaurant and their parking structure for the life of me. After making circles for 10 minutes, I ended up parking at Roaring Fork and walked over to the restaurant. 
Thankfully this wasn't a first date situation, but I would imagine that wouldn't make the best first impression. Also would've sucked if my car had been towed (even if that seemed very unlikely) as I didn't eat at Roaring Fork.

Anyways, I really like how affordable their ramen menu is compared to their regular prix fixe one. We even had the honor of being walked to our table by chef Josh. 

To the food- we shared the okonomiyaki and watched the sous chefs/line cooks prepare each one to perfection. It was delicious and there were plenty for sharing between the three of us. 
The shoyu ramen was delicious and I'm glad our server discussed all the different options between the sakes and ramen. The onsen egg was well worth the add-on and added a creamier texture to the ramen. 
I feel like this ramen is much more Americanized than Cherry Blossom/downtown tokyo in LA/places in NYC, but it was still a scrumptious meal well worth the money.笑
I was really excited, thought I'd get to experience some new tastes, but alas while I did get to experience some new ingredients the flavors were pretty flat and even for a tasting the portions were a bit on the small side. After having 7 courses, plus an amuse bouche, a second and third dessert  and 2 cocktails over two hours I wasn't hungry but I wasn't sated either. I think they give the 2 extra deserts knowing that people feel like something is lacking.

I had a venison cheek that was a bit dry and had no flavor to the point that if they didn't tell you, you couldn't guess it was venison. The glacier lettuce was an experience but also had no flavor other that the citrus dressing. The half a quail was nothing special and the cornbread stuffing tasted the same as any other. The geoduck was nice but just nice.

It's been a week and I don't even remember what my other courses were. Overall, I was expecting incredible but what I got was just OK, for the price, you want more than just OK. 

The plating on the other hand was very good, but that shouldn't be the best thing you can say about a meal.笑
First, there's a $10 discount on the entire fixed menu during happy hour, which (I believe) runs from 3-6.  If Posh is usually a little out of your budget, this can be a life-saver, especially if you're going for the 4-course.  It kept our bill under $100.

Book a seat at the chef's table.  We both loved watching all the different dishes being prepared and being able to ask about the ingredients and dishes.  The chefs were more than willing to answer questions, and would sometimes check in about our preferences about ingredients before prepping our next course.

If you have a particular food fetish, tell someone!  I happen to adore truffle oil, so I let our server know, and wrote it in the "other things we should know" section - and they specially prepared me a dish with truffle oil.  Which inevitably led to a foodgasm, and a foodgasm always leads to an extra star.

Another star for comping us the foie gras course, after I saw how beautiful/delicious it was, and wished (out loud) that I'd just dropped the $15 to the chef - he was such a sneaky charmer about it, too, and the server was practically beaming when I gushed over how delicious the dish was.  It was awesome to see everyone taking such pride in pleasing my palate.

Everything was perfectly executed, and completely delicious.  If I were rich, I would come here once a week.  

As it is, I just have to satisfy myself with waking up in the middle of the night, imagining the perfect interplay of the smooth, creamy foie gras with the spun sugar and berries.

(also, the post-dinner cookies and lollies are also amazing)笑
Am amazing dining experience! The dinner is centered around your food desires. The chef creates interesting dishes using a wide variety of ingredients. The waitress was very helpful with pairing wines. Overall this was a wonderful date night and I can't wait to go back again to try new dishes.笑
I came here for the first time for their Late Night Japanese Fare and I would first like to say:

A. I'm furious with myself for not trying sooner.
B. In an unprecedented first for me in the state of Arizona, I am temporarily 
     suspending my ongoing bitch that there is no good Asian food in Phoenix.

Their menu consisted of three ramen dishes: miso, soy and I can't remember the other one. I was fortunate to be among the first to arrive because I was able to order a fourth offering not on the menu which consisted of ramen in a miso-like broth that was darker, bolder and with a hint of ginger. I have never liked miso but this was outstanding and exactly what my palate needed. My dish also contained shrimp, calamari and other seafood. I washed this down with two Orion Lagers for Okinawa....DELICIOUS!!!!!  And talk about a deal: the dishes were $10-$12 each!!!!

I was still in shock that I was in Arizona and was enjoying my meal so much and I was so lucky that I got there early because the seafood dish and the Japanese beers were gone shortly after 10:00pm.

I ran into Bao H and wound up having a great evening with him and some other great people for a wonderful evening. My girl Ursula D was also there so it was great to run into some fellow Yelpers. 

I received a warm welcome from Josh as I sat at the bar and I love the atmosphere here with the modern minimalist decor, sexy candlelight not to mention the great music that they play. Ieft a VERY happy camper and only a $35 dent in my wallet. I'm told that they are going to be doing the Late Night Japanese Fare one Wednesday a month....SIGN ME UP!!!

Word of advice for this:GET THERE EARLY!!!!笑
Being a fan of expensive and interesting cuisine, I have to say that this place is one of the few that in the food category get it right in Phoenix. The concept of the customized menu and course selection is pretty amazing and certainly something you should share with out of town guests, or a great date. The service was actually some of the best I've ever had in Arizona. 

On the downside, the decor is lacking and doesn't match the level of the food or service - a flaw in design for sure. (For a $115 meal, I expect more than cafe decor and a a stinky bathroom with exposed plumbing issues.)笑
Nutshell? The most impressive meal I've had in Phoenix since moving to AZ in November. 

Discovered randomly by searching for "cool restaurants Phoenix" on google. Took all of a minute on their website to know this was my kind of place.

If you don't know already, Posh's twist is "improvisational cuisine". There is no menu. Instead you get a short questionnaire/checklist to fill out. What do you like, not like, red meat yes or no, will you eat fois gras, and any flavors or foods you especially like. Then you choose what number of courses you want and whether or not a wine pairing should be added. From there it's all up to the Kitchen. They build off you information with what they've brought in that day and what the chef comes up with creatively. 

For my friend and I we each chose a five course tasting with wine pairing. The plates are Tapas size so there really isn't any need to go beyond five courses and four for us in that moment would have left us wanting.

The fun began with a Lychee nut & bee pollen amuse bouche. Equally tasty and unusual. We then got a lovely glass of champagne with our first plate, which for me was a salad-esque number with ribbons of avocado. From then on the evening became a sort of sensory decadent blur of grape 'n' grub. EVERYTHING was uniformly delicious and artfully presented. Highlights included the a for mentioned fois gras (As good as I had in Paris a few years back), Monk fish in ponzu sause, Fluke, and a medallions of duck that was so good I smiled through every bite. The wines were all unknown to me and a mix of domestic and foreign. All were enjoyed and downed to the last drop.

Throughout the proceedings the waitstaff were a note perfect blend of personal and professional. I got the feeling they enjoyed working there as the resto seems to cultivate a very user-friendly smart casual environment that came off as upscale/trendy and neighborhoody/comfortable at the same time. We also got to talk with the head chef a fair amount. He gabbed about how they source their ingredients, especially the fish, and Sedona, from where he came and near where I live.

The evening finished with an ice wine and tart that summed up the entire experience for me. YUM.

Notes: Parking is free, plentiful and close in a garage beneath the resto that you enter around the corner to the south of the main entrance. There is also valet parking, though the night I was there no one seemed to be staffing kiosk. I would recommend reservations though we were one of just five parties being served in a space that can handle quadruple that easily on an Early June Wednesday. 

I get the feeling this place is on the adventurous side for Phoenix so they need more word-of-mouth among the kind of folks who like innovative upscale eats. Finally, Posh is not cheap. the five course + wine pairing and dessert ran to $240 with tip for two diners. 

If all the above intrigues you, I would strongly recommend you try Posh. I move to AZ from Los Angeles and ate at some of that City's best/most interesting restaurants including Gordon Ramsey, The Bazaar and A.O.C.. Posh would fit right into and line up and be overrun with customers. 

PHX is lucky indeed to have a place this interesting and tasty.

I can't wait to go back!笑
We all really wanted to like this place. I promise, we really did. We sat down to the table with the intriguing check list menus at each place. The server, Diane, was very attentive and nice, the only reason this place gets stars honestly. The food was just not good. We opted for the six courses & expected it to be a long meal. We did not expect for it to take a half hour for each course to be prepared. All the courses were only 2-5 bites and nothing was anyone would order again. My mom didn't have more than one taste of each food the entire meal, and left with a self described "layer of bad taste". The red clams were described as clams that were just red, but they were very not what came out on the plate. They were much fisher than a clam, & all of us had a stomach ache after trying them. Some of the variations just did not work. One member of our party didn't even make it past course four, and called an uber to head back to the hotel. He was done & very disappointed. To top it all off, it was a meal where we all left hungry, disappointed, & with a lot less money in the pocket. For such a hefty price tag, we expected way more than what we got in terms of both quality and quantity of the meal. Again the service was not at fault, it just was not any place I would recommend for anyone. Very interesting idea of improvisational dining, but it was not carried out well at all.笑
We first discovered this restaurant last fall during restaurant week, but did not get a chance to attend. If you've never heard of it, it's pretty much what it sounds like. It's a prix fixe type spot with multiple course options. There is no traditional menu; simply a place to write in any dislikes or food allergies and a place to cross out any proteins being offered you may have an aversion to. Then, the chef creates dishes at whim to serve you for the night. We each enjoyed an app, two small plate entrees and a dessert. We were feeling pretty adventurous with our options. We chose the four course option only available during restaurant week. For fun, we shared a raspberry pomegranate "mocktail" to start. Our amuse bouche (complimentary) was a pair of herby rolls & citrus butter. Our apps were an asparagus soup and endive & apple salad. The first small plates were a halibut with lentils and braised baby octopus. The second set of small plates consisted of a goose with buckwheat noodles & raspberry sauce and a zucchini wrapped braised short ribs. For dessert, we received a dark chocolate tart with chocolate mousse & berries and a lemon creme with berries. We finished with a lemon curd popsicles for our mignardises (complimentary). It was such a unique experience, not really knowing what we would eat and anticipating what would be brought out next, plus it really was all yummy! If you are relatively adventurous and appreciate a unique food experience, I definitely recommend giving it a try. Our server was fantastic and knowledgable. The atmosphere was intimate, yet semi-social. Reservation recommended. We saw all manner of attire by patrons during our visit. Not kid friendly. Great for a romantic dinner.笑
Wow. What an incredible experience. Went here for my moms 65th bday. So so so impressed. You pick the number of courses you want (5 is more than enough) and we ordered the wine pairing with dinner. They have you fill out what you will not eat from the preset menu. Then, what they send out is just magic. Truly. A fraction of the price of Binkleys.笑
Thank you for making date nite a memorable  evening. Chef Josh created a great atmosphere to go with his amazing cooking skills.笑
Very different and fun dining experience! I was THRILLED to see Posh was participating in restaurant week because I've been wanting to try this restaurant for awhile but it is just out of my price range. $40 restaurant week menu and off I went!

Our servers were very knowledgeable and thoroughly explained the concept of the restaurant, the menu, how to order, etc. Every dish that came out was beautiful, unique and delicious. It was fun to be surprised as well!  I don't even remember all we had but there was squid, soft shell crab, scallops, albacore tuna, ginger soup, escargot, kangaroo(!)...all delicious and masterfully executed.

The restaurant itself is beautiful as well. Low light, candles. Very nice for special occasions as well as date nights.

I very much enjoyed myself. The price point will keep me from being a regular here but I'm hoping Posh will be participating in RW in September!笑
We did the 5 course with wine paring early on a Wednesday night. The place already had a couple of tables going and some food bloggers filming at the open kitchen. You can see the chefs working from every table in the restaurant but if you want to chat with the chefs ask for a seat at the open kitchen area. 

The 2 of us had different courses with different wine pairings. I started with an amuse bouche, followed by popcorn soup, raw fish salad, kangaroo, quail and an ice cream lollipop.   My husband had lamb which was a little overdone and they replaced this immediately with some fabulous veal cheeks and an extra wine paring
The outstanding courses were the veal cheeks, kangaroo, quail and a raw fish salad.  

The wine parings were good and well synchronized with the food, no waiting and good sized pours.  

OK  what is with the bread???    or should I say lack of bread.   You have to beg for it.  "Well we don't really DO bread but if you are prepared to wait you can have some"  OK the bread is worth waiting for.  Its not like any bread I have had before, its sort of frenchie, cakey, fried in animal fat or lard, but it is GOOD.  You need the bread to soak up all the yummy sauces. 

The staff were friendly but could have spent an extra minute with us to explain the dishes in greater detail and why the wines were paired with it .   Staff were knowledgeable about the wines.

Parking --  easy to find right under the restaurant follow the signs for POSH

Improvisational cusine is a win win.   For foodies the thrill of the unknown, for the restaurant they have creative license and don't have to stick to a set menu and if you run out of something, oh well!  

Would I go back - Absolutely !!!!笑
Went here with a group of work colleagues and clients.  This place is truly exceptional.  It is unique in every way and the food is absolutely delicious.  I  only wish they were in a better location with foot traffic and parking; if they had those things going, they would be packed solid every night.  This is a great place for a date, client entertainment, girls' night out, or just a great meal in general.  I highly recommend it.  Every single dish is unique and delicious.  We had a great time!笑
Walking into Posh, I felt a modern appeal.  Its decor screamed  classy and sophistication. What's interesting about the place is that there is no real menu.  You pick the ingredients you cannot eat, and the chef makes whatever his imagination takes him.  Of course, I wanted to see what the chef can create, so I wrote that I can eat anything and everything, including the fois gras.  The foie gras add-on for $15 is a must.

We opened with an amuse bouche:  a melon caviar
My first dish were legumes with a light vinaigrette sauce punctuated with edible rose petals.  It was a mediocre opening.  The next course was fantastic.  It was a braised octopus in a mushroom puree.  The saltiness was perfect.  It accentuated the natural flavor of the octopus exquisitely.  
The next course was a smoked bass in a soy-based sauce.  The fish had good texture.  But the overall taste was bland.  Up next was the most amazing dish of the entire meal: the fois gras.  I've had foie gras many times, but by far, this is the best I've ever had.  It was caramelized on both side which contracted to the heaviness of the foie gras.  It's paired with the melon caviar and a sweet and tangy dried plum jam which balanced the foie gras.  It was a definite must-have.
Up next, was the braised rabbit in a vegetable stock.  The rabbit was tender and flavorful.  An average dish. The fourth course was a bison medallion in a mushroom broth.  The meat was cooked medium rare.  I'm not a big fan of the bison because the meat is typically tougher, but the favoring and broth was good regardless.
The next course was a filet mignon medallion in a red wine reduction.  The meat was tender again.  All props to the chef.  All the meat was medium-rare as ordered.  The broth was not overpowering so you can enjoy the full flavor of the beef.  
Up next was a surprise.  Courtesy of the chef, a cheese sample.  Which I love love love!  And finally the last of our journey, the dessert.  :-(   What I had was every girl's dream: the splendid chocolate soufflé.  It was heaven on earth.  It was fluffy and the sweetness was just the right amount.  I could die right there. :-)

Overall, the dinner was very good.  Some of the dishes especially the foie gras was definitely worth revisiting.  I would highly recommend all those with a fat wallet to come and experience the uniqueness of Posh.笑
Went tonight for restaurant week. We chose the 6 course with pairings. I'm not any kind of wine expert, but aside from whites going with fish and reds for meat dishes, I couldn't see any connections to the food and the waitress didn't do anything more than read the labels to tell us what it was. 
We showed up for our 9pm reservations basically right at 9, then stood around for about 5 minutes before a hostess showed up. Then sat at the bar for another half hour before our table was finally ready. 
My first course was the popcorn soup, a house specialty, inexplicably paired with a sparkling rose. It tasted like plain popcorn made into watery mush. It was my first course, I was hungry, I feel rude not finishing a dish during a tasting menu, and I still left most of the small portion uneaten. My boyfriend even tried to doctor it up by adding some of his soup (a sort of asian broth with pickled veg that both of us liked) to give it some salt but it didn't work. 
Then there were about 3 fish dishes that I noticed identical versions of being served to two or three of the other tables. I understand that you can't create 90-100 diners each 6 individual dishes in any reasonable amount of time,  but their claim of "improvisational" led me to expect more than I saw them do. 
I did enjoy the trout dish served with sunchoke chips and an interesting dessert of "nachos", fried cinnamon dusted phyllo dough "chips" with fruit brunoise "salsa" and a tiny scoop of birthday cake ice cream. 
Along with my unseasoned soup, there were several other dishes with too much/lack of salt problems. 
Vegetables were no where to be found in any significance. I had one piece of bok choy on one dish and two gumball sized chunks of zucchini (which were not hot).
I give it 3 stars for trying to do something interesting. 
I only give it 3 stars because they sat us 30 minutes late for our reservation, the food did not seem cohesive or executed particularly well, and lacked any seasonal feeling or vegetables for what I would expect to be a product driven menu.
Perhaps they were flustered because it was a Saturday night during restaurant week and they have better nights, but I won't be rushing back based on my experience.笑
We visited recently, and this was about our fifth visit, although we have not been for a few years.  Was really disappointed.  While it's never truly been "improv" cuisine and more of a rotating menu, this visit will probably be our last.  We selected the Omakase, which should be chef selection of the best.  Since you don't choose your dishes, isn't it always Omakase?  Therefore, I expected this to be really something special.  Instead of anything special, we basically just got a few more courses, and certainly nowhere near anything to justify the $175 pp price tag.  For 7 courses, I believe it was $80, and then it jumps up to the Omakase for $175.  That indicates to me that you will be "wowed" by the food.  Even if we were to look at it as many more courses (some Chef's Tastings can certainly go up to 20 courses), we definitely did not have 14 courses each, which would justify the price somewhat.  It was just a few days ago and it would take some thinking to remember each dish that was served - so that shows the impression it made.

I wouldn't really want 14+ courses, but I would have expected our dishes to be something special at the very least.  The table of four next to us had exactly the same courses that were were served between the four of them, with each of them having the 6-course meal.  As I mentioned, there was nothing "special" or even tailored about this meal.  For example, you are asked to choose your meat and fish preferred temps.  We both selected "raw."  We each had two fish courses, both fully cooked, neither anything fantastic.  They had uni on the list that night and it was the only protein we were not served.  So basically, they list the proteins they have that night on the card.  You select anything you don't like, but they definitely have set dishes they are making - not much "improv". Which is fine for the normal dining charge at Posh, but not the Omakase price.  

For Omakase, it's just a few more courses at an extremely bumped up price.  We did get a cheese plate - which is normally an extra $12 in addition to courses - but that was it, a tiny cheese plate.  No foie, which is another "extra" you can select.  For $175, I would have expected both of the extra plates.  The dishes themselves were a mix of very good and meh.  Nothing that was so incredible that I have to eat it again.  There was even one fish dish that neither of us liked (we often had the same dish, which is unusual at Posh for two diners) and we barely ate it.  The server did not even acknowledge it by asking if it was ok.   It was close to $600 at the end for two Omakase dinners, three drinks each, and tip. I honestly felt ripped off when I left.   I am really disappointed - this was one of my go-to's for a special evening out, and certainly not what I had hoped for as an anniversary dinner.笑
Took my wife here an evening. We drove 40 miles to this place based on a friend recommendation.  

We each picked the 6 courses meal. We put down that we really like spicy food. Nothing in our food was spicy. What was more discouraging was our neighbor had the same dishes. Why even ask us what we like and dislike! 

This place is overprice. The idea and concept are good but need to follow through. 

Not a place we would return.笑
This was hands-down one of the best dining experiences of my life!

My husband and I came to Scottsdale for New Years, which is also our wedding anniversary. We made advance reservations for the chefs bar for New Years Eve and we were started with complimentary champagne for our anniversary. From there we each ordered a cocktail and loved them both. They brought the checklist and we left it mostly blank and told them to bring us anything they wanted. (If you have specifics about what you will and wont eat based on it being weird or different you don't belong here and we wanted the experience we came for). We did 6 courses with wine pairings and we each got a different plate, with a different protein, and different wine for every course. My husband especially loved the whole baby octopus! Everything was amazing and for the creative plates with foods you can't get elsewhere the price makes perfect sense. Not to mention the great service from everyone in the restaurant including our wonderful chef. (The executive chef even recommended a brew-pub for us to go to the next day we loved!) 

It's been over a year since we had this dinner and we still talk about it. For a special occasion and an extremely unique experience we highly recommend it.笑
What an amazing dining experience.  Diane our server was very attentive.  We sat at the kitchen bar,  Hence, we could watch what was going on in the food preparation.  The glacier lettuce, sea urchin mousse, pork cheek were all exceptional dishes.  We ordered the 6 tasting which exceeded our expectations, on abundance.  I had been wanting to go to POSH since it opened in 2008.  Can't believe it took me 8 years.  But believe me, it will be my restaurant of choice when someone asks me where I want to go for dinner.  Also, with my job I'm often asked for dinner recommendations, POSH is now on the top of the list!笑
Take all of the stars! I will do my best not to gush, but know as you're reading this that I'd gladly gush if I thought it was appropriate. To have Posh listed as a restaurant is almost a travesty... Posh is an evening... it's a life moment... one of those AHA! type situations where you finally understand just what kind of an experience dining in an establishment can bring. When the very first course, which wasn't even a course but a "palette cleanser", was one of the best things I had ever eaten in my entire life (and mind you, I've eaten at some of the finest restaurants Napa, San Francisco, and our wonderful own Phoenix have to offer) I knew my concept of food was about to be destroyed... After three or so hours of small dishes that consistently blew me out of the water, I knew that I could never eat anywhere else... money keeps this from actually being true, but how do you go back to your homemade turkey sloppy joes after having sweet breads for the first time? While this may not be my most informative review to date, I urge you to try Posh out... Kristen G. and I cannot wait to come back, and we want to bring everyone we know... it just seems wrong for people to be eating Long John Silver's and Hot Pockets after seeing and tasting our menu at Posh... the damage is done. We'll never be the same.笑
Came here for Tuesday's Ramen night. I have been desperately searching for good ramen ever since I moved to Arizona and I think I have finally found it! I tried Republic Ramen and Cherryblossom in the past (two highly rated spots on yelp) but sadly were both bleck and bleck and I never went back.

I had the Shoyu ramen and my bf had the Goma. Both were very delicious- the broth had good flavor and was not overly salted (as I found a lot of places have this probem), and the noodles were of perfect consistency. We both topped our ramen with char siu pork and it was amazing!

I don't have a whole lot of complaints about the ramen here, although there were a lot of unnecessary toppings like bean sprouts and peppers. The Shoyu ramen I ordered called for bamboo shoots and fish cakes..but I only got ONE PIECE of bamboo and TWO DIME-SIZED fish cakes. Given how much you overpay for a bowl of ramen ($12, or $16 with the char siu), you'd think they'd hook you up a little bit more. 

I hope they start having ramen nights more than once a week :p笑
We have been to POSH a couple times now. This is an experience everyone should try at least once. But, I just warn you...You will be back! The last time we were here was just as good as the time before! Definitely worth going to celebrate a special occasion!笑
You don't go here for dinner, you go for a culinary experience. Amazing, creative, and fun! Portions are right sized and spaced out to not leave you hungry. I'd suggest allocating 2 hours to complete your meal. I did the 7 course and will remember this place as one of the best dining experiences that one can have.笑
Loved it!
Was so excited before each course came out... WHAT WILL IT BE?!?!?!

I feel like non-adventurous eaters won't get there money's worth out of this place though... I mean really.  The fun of it is paying $$$ and maybe getting to eat kangaroo!  Or sweetbreads!  I LOVED IT~!笑
The cooking chemist and artist.  I was very excited to visit this concept restaurant that brings you a surprise every course.  I LOVED the excitement it added to the experience.  My husband is very picky and the couple we dined with are somewhat vegetarian and all left very happy with an aroused palate.  Some highlights included a kangaroo filet with two butter bubbles... they were liquid inside and glorified the dish when pierced.  Then, a pig adventure course that included pig ear ravioli, pig pate, and some other delicious pig something or other with an egg yolk on top.  I think Posh could easily move to a five star for me after another visit.  For the quality and exoticness of the food, I feel it is very well priced.  Service was amazing and Josh the owner is entertaining and welcoming.笑
I can't get over the fact that this was the perfect first date. I came here for drinks and dinner on a Friday night, my date was smart and called a head (if not, we would've been screwed.) This is the right place to come if you have any dietary restrictions. We decided to do the six course menu, without the wine, because we had already had two drinks before hand. They accommodated  my needs so perfectly. I almost think I got the more imaginative small plates (all veggie) than my carnivore boyfriend!笑
Posh is very tasty and Posh! The pictures are just a gate to the experience you will have. I went on Pho night and the Pho is the best I have had. Scottsdale has a food treasure in Posh.笑
Possibly the most unique restaurant I've ever been to. This place is definitely for the open minded and willing to try new things.

I enjoyed everything I had. We had the 7 course meal. The portions are small, but by the end of the meal you're full enough. I think our portions are too large anyway in general. The homemade custard ice cream suckers were just delicious though!

Great ambience and concept. I've only been once, so I'll have to go again and see if it's equally good. The service was great and the chef was very friendly. As usual, customer service is key and is what earned this place 4 stars and not 3.笑
Just had dinner here with my wife last week. I was excited to try this new restaurant and found a groupon for it, saving us some money. The restaurant is located in an office building and somewhat difficult to find. There is no large sign with the name on it so be sure to get good directions for it before you go. The parking is in a structure and once you find the structure, there are signs telling you where to park for the restaurant. Just follow the signs, find a spot and walk up the stairs. The restaurant will be located to the right at the top of the stairs.

The groupon we got was for the full tasting menu, which come to around 12 courses. We decided to add the wine tasting with it, since we usually do. I like the concept of "improvisational dining" and for those unfamiliar with what this means it is simply the chefs choice. Once you decide on the amount of courses you want and your beverae choice, you are given a piece of paper with a list of ingredients that you do not wish to be served that evening. You simply cross off the stuff you don't want but we also starred or circled the ones we really want to try. This list is then given to the chef who will create a meal for you that evening. Some cautious and close minded diners may not like giving the chef ultimate control of their entrees, which is fine but know that you may not like it here. 

The portion sizes are actually decent and I would probably say too large for 12 courses. This is because we were full about 3/4 the way through our meal, and trying to stuff the rest just made it uncomfortable and not as enjoyable. The taste was hit and miss as well. Some courses were very tasty but were lacking. We both also felt that the chef used too much sage in his courses and figured that this might be his favorite herb. While I do like sage, the taste can be overpowering and it did just that in a few dishes. The waiter was very nice and explained each dish well. I also liked that my wife and I got different dishes, giving us a chance to try each other's and something different versus each of us getting the same dish for each course the entire night. I was really hoping the taste was on par for us because our favorite restaurant in Arizona so far is Binkley's but it is so far away for us to drive. Unfortunately, the taste was not amazing and my wife states she probably wouldn't come back. I on the other hand would give them another chance because it could have been an off night for them as well as the fact that we were uncomfortably full and drunk by the end of the night. I'd like to see how our experience would be if we got a 4-5 course tasting menu. 

Another reason for the 3 star review is the price. I do think the menu is overpriced for what you get. The cost of the full tasting menu was $140 each without our groupon and I can say it was not worth it. We are willing to spend money on great food, so if you are going to charge a large price for the meal, you had better be able to back it up with incredible taste. So either drop the price, or step up your game! As I said before, I am willing to give this place another try so once I can convince my wife to come back I am hoping to be met with some incredible tasting food.笑
Good. Not great. Probably don't ever need to go again. Cool experience but food wasn't amazing.笑
How easy is it to give them five stars?  VERY EASY.

They made the evening fun, magical, and truly exciting!  Here is what I liked:

1.  Getting to pre-select what I do not want.  (Brilliant idea!!)
2.  Getting to select how I want my foods cooked.
3.  Actually getting them cooked the way I selected! (BRAVO!)
4.  Service that was spot-on, quick, efficient, never intrusive.
5.  Excellent wine list, and pairing with each course.  This restaurant knows their stuff! 
6.  Interesting interior design really was a comfortable setting.  

I am a fan, and would whole-heartedly reccomend Posh in Scottsdale to anyone who wants an incredible evening of dining!  This restaurant knows their business and shows it in each and every course!  From the soup that was incredible to the salad that was perfection on a plate, I just do not know how a dining experience could be better.

My wife and I were genuinely surprised at each course, and enjoyed the fun of not knowing what was coming next.  

Posh - keep up the incredible work, you just raised the bar for every fine dining establishment!!

If you could give more than five stars on Yelp, but could only do it for one business, this would be the time to do it!!笑
The top five best and most memorable meal I've had in my life! It felt like I was a judge on Iron Chef.笑
01/05/11

2.25 stars.

Took my cousin for a five-course meal, and I unfortunately must write that I was NOT very impressed.  Yes, I have food allergies, and yes, maybe I should've just thrown caution to the wind that evening*, considering that I was going to spend $60 per person, plus a glass of wine for me, and a 20% tip, but after all the hype, I expected more flavors, more ambience... just something more than the experience I ended up with.  After speaking with our server and asking him if they served grass-fed meats or animals fed an all-natural diet, not commercial grain feed, it was at the kitchen's discretion to stick to serve seafood for me.  I wish I was told what my options were, instead of just the chefs' decision not to serve me red meat at all, or we might've gone elsewhere.  We may have just decided to stay there, who knows?  It would've been very CONSIDERATE of the chefs to have let me make that $150 decision.  I have no complaints about the dishes my cousin received-- they were delicious and nicely-presented, and she enjoyed each and every one, but to pay $60 for five uninspired courses, starting with the salad, to the same type of fish for every course, but with different vegetables, and then just undressed berries for dessert, http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=Cuzo62AOE91H-c3IDlHf5g#Cuzo62AOE91H-c3IDlHf5g it was a very disappointing meal for me, which is why I haven't had the inspiration to write about the entire experience till now.  (Probably one of the best decisions I've ever made, for I surely would've ranted a year ago...)

When I pass this establishment every time I go to Camelview, I can only shake my head... :(

Amuse bouche http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=bAH29amaZhFzkR0EDBR6Kg#bAH29amaZhFzkR0EDBR6Kg
Cousin's salad http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=BF0Cbvkv8Hyiw6L20xYR9A#BF0Cbvkv8Hyiw6L20xYR9A
My salad http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=znJj-RMRQCL3H8gThB2TXw#znJj-RMRQCL3H8gThB2TXw
One of cousin's dishes http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=Hhw95OhEp9p0zk1h-HN2CQ#Hhw95OhEp9p0zk1h-HN2CQ
Fish course http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=keAr6jYxffhQQBeMRpVndA#keAr6jYxffhQQBeMRpVndA
We each got one of these http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=5-2SmDYRXWfEhfwUKqdKkw#5-2SmDYRXWfEhfwUKqdKkw
Frog legs http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=MOrO3LD0BOY8-Kme8noSMw#MOrO3LD0BOY8-Kme8noSMw
Another fish course.  Guess whose? http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=sztKojJhZ_BxfMm1BZ8CaQ#sztKojJhZ_BxfMm1BZ8CaQ
Novel meat course http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=gMuM9QoCFk0lNGdEFoLSbw#gMuM9QoCFk0lNGdEFoLSbw
Cousin's dessert http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/posh-improvisational-cuisine-scottsdale?select=kFUfXX81EnfHEuJ3D4_ILA#kFUfXX81EnfHEuJ3D4_ILA

She even got a frozen pop chaser!  Well, at least she had a terrific time!  :)笑
The concept here is quite fun.  It's especially enjoyable to go with a group so you are able to try even more dishes.  However, the quality of the food was just okay.  My husband's kangaroo was pretty chewy and my short ribs were kind of tough.  I think they focus a bit too much on the novelty rather than the flavors.  The experience was Binkley's-esque but nowhere near the quality and ingenuity of Binkley's.  They have happy hour prices and I would recommend going during that time.  I think it was a bit spendy for what it was.笑
We wanted to like this place


Just kidding that's really annoying


We were really excited to eat here
We had a great time here


The oderves !! Unbelievable, maybe the best bite we had. Basil leaf and liver wrapped with lettuce and pickled red onion  and fennel. Fucking rad.

She had the coconut curry soup with lime and sour cream ... Mmmm

They gave me a glacier salad with anchovies with rosemary vinagarette, olives and bell peppers. The lettuce was great !!! We loved the texture

We are now on our third drink and a little buzZed.

James brings us another wine and our first course.

I had the Uni which was sea urchin on panna cotta ! Beautiful beautiful beautiful

She had the halibut and it was rich and garlicky, a nice crust on top of it, it was amazing.

James comes again

I get the calamari pasta is what I called it
Heavy on presentation

But it gets beaten by the soft shell crab 
This our my favorite
Hummus roasted fennel leaves
So so good we loved this

James brings her a goose egg with bacon
Actually this was my favorite dish
Unbelievable 

I had veal with shortbread which was just everything




I had wild boar bacon

Interesting !!! It was very good but I was still in love with the goose egg

She had lamb 

A lamb chop 
With lentils and an herb mixture

This was our last course before desert and we ate it all

Desert

James brought her creme brûlée 
Which was fucking beautiful 
Loved it

I had a version of an Italian scone 
Blueberry?

Doesn't matter
We're drunk

300 dollars later we are very very happy we loved coming here and we will be back as soon as we save up another 
300 dollars笑
Went to dinner here a few weeks ago. Girlfriend and I got the 7 course meal. It was incredible. Don't have much else to say other than everything we had was wonderful and the quantity of food was just right. Best hush puppies we ever had. I tried soft shell crab for the first time. Girlfriend had a drink and it was very well made.

I'll be back again once I can afford it.笑
I don't get the hype or the solid four star rating on yelp. I came here expecting this amazing and unique dining experience and instead I got mediocre food and service and left hungry/frustrated/annoyed and $500.00 poorer. I kid you not, we had to stop by jack in the box on the way home (after paying $500.00 for dinner)

The concept of posh is really innovative, just severely poorly executed. You go in and they give you a form that you fill out, crossing off things you don't like, meats, veggies, dietary restrictions the whole 9 yards, and they create a menu just for you. You start off with a soup or salad and go from there. One of my dining companions for the evening got 2 very similar flan type dishes in a row, pretty much unacceptable in my book. Your paying 75.00 a person and they couldn't possibly think that giving someone two very similar dishes might not be appropriate. Most dishes were pretty poorly executed, I had a mushroom soup that was super salty, they ruined the uni by somehow over saucing it with a soy base making it beyond salty and nearly inedible. Although I will say that they had a shrimp dish and the wild boar bacon were both pretty stellar and their cocktail menu was extensive and all of our drinks were amazing.

Like another reviewer said and in my opinion is beyond correct, coming here is like playing Russian roulette, and if it yielded great results it wouldn't be a problem, but I think they have over extended themselves and in this case I got the bullet. 

There are far better establishments to try in the valley that do the tasting menus right, try Crudo instead. It's easier on the wallet and the food is insane, I would skip Posh.笑
My wife and I ate at this restaurant this past Saturday night.  It was my wife's birthday - so it was a special occasion.  We had heard good things about the restaurant and as we have out-of-town guests coming to town the end of March, we thought this might be a good place to take them also.  We were really disappointed with our experience!  We had the most sullen and rude server ever!  She acted as though we were bothering her the entire evening...  we had ordered a very nice bottle of wine and she never once offered to pour us more nor did she ask us if everything was to our satisfaction, etc.  The food was below average in our opinion, the tables for two are absolutely the smallest tables ever and the space is cramped, low ceilings and noisy.  It was a good thing the restaurant was only about one-half full so that  the small tables for two on either side of us were vacant - at least we weren't sitting on top of anyone sitting next to us.  As we departed the restaurant - and after spending a good amount for wine and dinner - not one person said thanks for coming, how was your meal or anything other than "good bye".  I would not recommend this restaurant and we won't be back.  Although the food was very average - we might have given the restaurant another chance if the service and staff would have been more cordial and acted like they were happy to have customers.笑
So I am not sure if I and the below dinners ate at the same place, or perhaps the restaurant has cleaned up its act! We ate here last night during AZ. Restaurant week. We did opt for the 5 course and additionally added in the Foie Gras ($15) and the Cheese Plate ($10). We were extremely pleased with our server. We found him to be friendly, attentive and very knowledgeable. The food was excellent and I loved not knowing what might come out next. The one flat and disappointing dish was the Escargot Empinada. The filling was too over whelming for the delicate escargot. All I got was...maybe, lemon zest - not exactly sure. I did enjoy the experience and would return. My only concern was we opted for the 5 course instead of the 4 so that was and additional $10 then from there we also chose the Cheese and Foie Gras as I indicated above. But we still got 5 courses, so in-essence the cheese cost $20 and the Foie cost $35...that is rather excessive and I thought that these would be in addition to the 5th course.... Oh well live and learn. I will still return despite this confusion.笑
If you consider yourself a foodie, you simply must add a visit to Posh to your gastronomic repertoire. And even if you're not a foodie but you are open to  adventure, Posh delivers a dining experience unlike any other in the Phoenix area.

The best advice I could give from my experience is go for eight courses. The minimum order is four, so my dining companion and I initially ordered six and as we arrived at the fifth course we opted to add two more. No regrets. Pricey? Yes. Worth it? Absolutely. 

Each course was like a microcosm- a nearly whole experience in just a few bites. And yes, the portions are small (in one case even laughably so), but this is food constructed to be savored, not shoveled.

Waxing poetic aside, Posh is really, really fun. I recommend sitting at the open kitchen so you can watch the preparation. The service was attentive and friendly without any intrusion. Our server was very knowledgeable, and in the one instance we were able to stump him, he brought the man himself, Joshua Herbert, over with the answer.

The ambiance is welcoming, if a bit industrial, and diners were dressed in all manner of frocks from polos and khakis to evening attire. 

With the ever-changing menu, there's little point in discussing specifics, but we enjoyed yummies like oysters, veal cheek, pork belly, wild boar, venison, skate, and fluke, all prepared beautifully. And if the sound of braised veal cheek sets your heart aflutter (in a good way) then close your browser already a book yourself a seat. 

Oh- and leave yourself some extra time to park; locating the underground garage proved to be a task beyond my navigational capacity and we had to call the host twice for directions.笑
Painfully slow, uneven service, unfriendly waiter, unbalanced amount of food on plates for different members of our group (one huge salad for a woman next to a spoonful of teeny tiny scallops for a large man), many dishes "ok" but not a wow.  Desserts were also uneven.  Way overpriced for unfriendly service and moderately good food.  Go to Binkleys and have a blast, they are unpretentious and upbeat and the food is more creative.  They lost me and anyone I know by snobby, undeserved attitude.  Please get over yourself.  
The front hostesses, on the other hand, were very nice and took good care of us while waiting for our table.笑
If you wake up one morning and ponder about where to go to get thymus gland, kangaroo, and/or quail then let me tell you my friend, Posh is your place!

I made reservations to sit at the counter and I would highly suggest doing the same. Interacting with the chefs and watching them cook and prepare each course is really neat and way better than any Iron Chef reality show. Service was fantastic, everyone was nice and my water glass was always full. We were given a starter consisting of a peanut sauce with ricotta cheese and a splash of coconut milk in a Japanese soup spoon. That was followed by Pumpkin soup that was good, but nothing off the charts. It reminded me of something I got from Trader Joe's. My date received raw ahi tuna with a pear gelatin that was delicious.  My next course was a full deep fried soft shell crab with mushrooms and noodles. HOLY CRAB, BATMAN....I have no words to describe the flavor party that occurred in mouth! I really wanted to take the crab out and take pictures with it, but I reminded myself that I am in a classy restaurant and that probably would have been frowned upon, but those would have been bomb-ass photos!

My date's next plate was sweetbread (yummy) that was served with a mustard sauce (that was okay) and cabbage. The next course was kangaroo with delicious sweet potato puree (no seriously, I wanted some more of that for my desert plate).  The kangaroos itself was fine, I'm not a big red meat eater and honestly couldn't tell the difference. My date said it taste "gamier" than beef (whatever that means). I specified that I didn't like raw meat so I'm wondering if maybe that would have made a difference. Anyhoo, my date received quail stuffed duck (or maybe it was the other way around, hmm) that had a lot of spiciness to it. In my opinion, too much spice as that was all my taste buds could focus on. For dessert I received  some sort of creme brulee gelatin type that was delicious while my date received chocolate mouse with a homemade chocolate graham cracker that was the best part of the plate. 
Our next treat was the plum/blueberry frozen lollipops that a previous Yelper had warned us all about and I'm not going to lie, I was a little hesitant to try it for fear my lip would be the next victim. However, I'm proud to report that they must have learned their lesson because my lips along with my date's lips are A-OK.  Along with the bill, the restaurant gave us 3 little cookies in a bag which helped soften the blow...clever Posh, clever! 

My date and I had a great experience and would recommend it to anyone looking for something new, but we are not sure if we would go back on a regular basis.笑
This place is amazing! 
We decided on the 7 course meal without the wine paring. 
We started with vodka martinis and I asked if they had blue cheese stuffed olives and the waitress said she would make some, fresh! 
The olives alone were amazing. The best blue cheese I have had in a long time. 
The courses were all fabulous. I think the wild boar bacon was one of my favorites. I also loved the red cabbage jelly and curry soup. The prawn dish was a little disappointing. The prawns were overcooked and chewy, but that is my only complaint. 
For dessert we requested something savory as we are not really into sweets. 
Wow, we made the right decision. They brought us a cheese plate with the best cheese I have ever had on it. There was a Humbolt Fog goat cheese and the star of the dish, Epoisse Du Borgogne. I have never tasted anything like it. The waitress wrote down the cheese names and told me where I could purchase it. 
I love it here. It is a wonderful experience. We spent 4 hours (we told them there was no rush) a lovely laid back dinner and drinks. 

Go, savor and fall in love!笑
I was so excited to go try Posh for the first time. It is a unique experience and a must for the adventurous type. I am a vegetarian and was pleased with what the chef pulled off for me.   The wine pairings were the perfect complement to my meal.  The ambiance was nice and the concept is great. I felt like it was a little overpriced, but I guess you are paying for the trendiness of eating there. It was worth the experience in the end but there are other restaurants I would rather go to for fine dining.笑
I had a very good experience at Posh.  When making reservations I was kindly asked if I wanted their parking details emailed to me.  This made it a breeze knowing ahead of time that they have reserved parking and complimentary valet in the parking garage directly below their establishment.

With the improvisational menu, you cross off on the list which meats you DO NOT want to partake in.  Since kangaroo was not currently being offered, I selected the venison, quail and goose for the entries of my five course meal.  

To start, the amuse bouche was a delightful daikon topped with fish eggs, drizzled with a bonito glaze.  The tomato based soup was okay but the butter cardamon fused butter that accompanied the rolls were a knock out!  My venison that arrived stuffed inside a sausage casing had a complimentary glaze that was tasty but the meat was unfortunately dry on the inside. The side of cauliflower was charred nicely, though.  The grilled quail was the bomb perfect in every way!  Being the fatter side of the quail, it was well marbled and delicious - served in a sweet glaze!  My husband paid for the upgrade of $20.00 for the Kobe beef which was great!  Just a bit too much salt rub on the outside, was the only complaint on this item.
My goose was good and not gamy tasting but just a tad chewy.  I can handle that!
For dessert, the chocolate flour less cake served with chocolate sorbet and paper thin chocolate leaf ended the meal on a high note for moi! 

The only draw back would be the wine.  The glass I was served didn't taste as fresh as I had hoped for.  I left Posh feeling pretty full with just the five course tasting meal.  (And I'm know amongst my friends as "the petite gal that can eat!"  

I'm looking forward to another wonderful dining experience when I return to Posh!笑
The negative reviews unfortunately miss the point of the restaurant - you shouldn't go if you're not up for what they sell (you don't like what Wal-Mart does, you don't shop there, right?) What they do: small-portion, multi-course meals made up on the fly by the chef (hence, "improvisational cuisine"). You don't order your food; you indicate items you cannot or will not eat, and the kitchen chooses everything else for you. If you're definitely in the mood for a steak, this isn't the place for you. If you're not an absolutely adventurous eater, go elsewhere. If you have food allergies, expect a lesser experience. While the chef attempts to accommodate everyone, this restaurant isn't designed for everyone. We are always delighted when a chef offers to "just make something up" for us, and so a restaurant built on that concept thrills us. We've always loved the food, the service, and the concept, and we will return again and again. We love a long, relaxing meal (this doesn't pretend to be Chili's McDonalds) and this hits the spot.笑
I find my reaction to Posh similar to Will Ferrell's reaction to Jersey Boys in the criminally overlooked 2010 feature film "The Other Guys". It's not great, it's FANTASTIC. You guys totally undersold it! Wow, what a restaurant.

Actually, the basis for that comparison stems from feeling the need to assuage the fear that "I'll pay so much money and won't get enough food". I just bought tickets to see Jersey Boys in Vegas. You know how much the tickets cost? $76/each. More than a 5 courser at Posh PLUS a couple glasses of wine. Jersey boys was about two and a half hours. Five courses at Posh, if you're really enjoying yourself and your company, can easily take that long. The difference is that Jersey Boys does not feed you (well, it does, but in a different way). Point being, going to Posh isn't a meal, going to Posh is an experience. And, in my opinion, it's worth every penny.

I've been several times, including taking my Mom when she was in town from Cleveland, Ohio. Needless to say, she freaking loved it. Not that she's an inexperienced diner. She's from New York and considers Mario Batali a God among men, but according to her, dining at Posh was like being a judge on Top Chef. She didn't specify which judge but I'm going to go ahead and veto Padma because she is just unbearable. But I digress.

I've been exposed to foods at Posh that I wouldn't have had anywhere else. I don't want to screw up the proper dish descriptions so don't take this too literally but I've had chilled cucumber soup with a lime-chili oil, ahi tuna sashimi with wasabi and soy pearls, mother effin sweet breads (which everyone told me I should mark off but I didn't because I've never had them, and even though I might not necessarily ORDER them, I'm glad I tried them), and of course the creme brulee torched-style foie gras which is quite simply the most decadent thing I've ever eaten. And I've had bacon flavored ice cream. Again, I'm sure I'm butchering these courses but it's from my hazy wine memory and just trust me, they were all good.

While I think you would be fine with five courses (it's my typical order..since the first is always a soup or salad and the last is a dessert), more courses is always better. I mean, you're already there. Might as well give them as many opportunities as possible to blow your mind. Trust me, they will.

If you haven't gone, you should go. You won't regret it. Same goes for Jersey Boys, but that's a different review.笑
I can't believe that I neglected to write this review sooner.  This is quite possibly the best meal I've had to date - and that is saying quite a lot.  Not only is the concept absolutely amazing, but the execution really does live up to the hype.  I happened to go on a holiday, and was concerned that we might not receive the full glory that is Posh, but I was happily mistaken.  I can't imagine it getting any better.

My man and I checked off slightly different items, as I'm a bit more adventurous than he is.  This turned out to be a great thing, since we both ended up with very different courses, allowing us to taste each other's and try so many different things! 

Here were our courses:

1: Popcorn Soup - so buttery and smooth as velvet!
1: Beet Soup - delicious and so pretty (and normally I think beets taste like dirt)

2: Scallops with edamame puree and fried leeks.  This was a huge highlight of the meal and I was SO happy we both got the same dish - I really didn't want  to share!

3: Shrimp with Japanese coleslaw pancake, bacon, and Asian bbq sauce.
3: Halibut cheek, celery puree, and grape balsamic reduction

4: Hot and sour soup with squid
4: Rabbit with parmesan veloute, crushed tomato, and asparagus

5: Frog legs with tumeric and gnocchi
5: Veal with mashed potatoes

6: Pork belly with cabbage and peas
6: Cheese plate with Parmesan foccacia

We were so glad that we made our reservation to sit at the bar overlooking the kitchen.  Talking with the sous chef was so much fun.  He was so knowledgeable and made our meal even better!笑
(Lyrics - Adele - Set Fire to the Rain)

I'll eat it in, a bag
And as it cooks, I'll add the spice to it
It was dark as I stir it over
Until you added to your menu and you saved me

My palate, it's strong
But my appetite were far too weak
To stay away from your ads
Without falling to my feet

But there's a side to you that I never knew, never knew
All the time I thought it was only in a bag was never true, never true
And at the prices you had, I would always buy; always buy ($.25 a bag!)

But I had Ramen at the Posh!
Savour the taste as I stuffed my face!
Let it burn while I cry
Cause I could taste it screaming with flavors, with flavors!

Posh is an Improvisational kitchen, which means like improv comedy they create as they go.  Well somewhat I guess...they utilize seasonal ingredients to create a daily menu.  You pick and choose what meals you want from a list, which often times range from 3-7 courses.  If you ever been to Restaurant Week then it's a similar concept.  

The night I went was Ramen noodles night or late night Japanese eats!  I don't really know if they really eat this late in Japan, but I guess that's what we're doing!  

There were 3 different noodle dishes and 2 Japanese beers.  The noodles were Sesame, Soy, and Miso, while beer selection was Orion and Coedo.  I wasn't totally thrilled about either of the beer.  Along with the noodles we ordered the okonomiyaki, a pancake like dish with came with sprouts and bacon.  I thought it was good and savory, but the mayo and bacon was quite overpowering.  I can't believe I'm saying this, but less bacon please....

I ordered the Soy broth with my Ramen while my friends seem to all order the Sesame.  I didn't get a chance to taste anybody else's dish, but mine was pretty good.  It came with braised pork, scallions, and I believe radishes.  Nice and warm and yes I know on a warm summer PHX night, but it worked.  Ramen is so adaptable to so many ingredients.  To me, it's all about the broth.  If you can create a good broth then you can put tree bark and chocolate in the Ramen and I'll still eat it!  According to the waiter, which I might add didn't really do a good job, said they intend to have Ramen night every Wednesday starting at 9pm.  So gear up you Ramen fans cause now you have a place to go every Wednesday night! - Enjoy!笑
Came here for an early Valentine's Day celebration. Got the 5 course meal ($70/person), but I believe it's cheaper if you come during happy hour. Anyway, the food was above average, the service was great. I guess I was expecting the best meal(s) I ever had...certainly wasn't that, but a fantastic experience nonetheless.笑
I've heard a lot about this place and have been wanting to try it for some time. So when I saw it as an option for restaurant week it seemed like the perfect opportunity. I made reservations weeks in advance and was excited to try it and see.

We arrived a little before our 8 o'clock reservation and were told it would be a few minutes. A few minutes quickly turned into 60 minutes. While the hostess was friendly and let us know we could get drinks at the bar, it was still annoying having to wait THAT long. I understand a few minutes behind, but what's the point of taking and making reservations if you're not going to stick to them. 

Once we were finally seated our waiter was attentive but nothing special. It is an interesting experience though to not know what you're going to get! And it was fun to try everyone's dishes and compare. The food was phenomenal and the portion sizes were small, but perfectly filling. I left feeling full but not stuffed, which is ideal. 

I can see how this would be hit or miss. Since we all shared everything, there were definitely better dishes than others. I was happy with the meal, but disappointed with the poor start. I think I would do it again, but you defintiely have to be with the right crowd who's going to want to share and try everything. This would be a fun spot to celebrate with a date or another couple, not something to do for a first date or work dinner.笑
I never expected a meal of ramen could be elevated much beyond the staple food of a single mom raising teens.  last night at Posh, I was more than pleasantly surprised, I was educated.

I had the seafood version, with tender bits of shrimp, bay scallops, and calamari in a savory seafood broth topped with bean sprouts, lemon grass, and other magical delectables. A must try for a casual Tuesday evening out.笑
The concept is great. If you're daring and willing to let go of some control to have the chef pick your meal. Unfortunately for me, my dishes were all very salty. There was no balance in flavors. I was hoping to be blown away by this meal but it rather left me feeling 'meh'. However, the service was great so that still counts for something. 

Maybe it was an off night when I went?? Hmm...笑
As a Scottsdale Foodie & blogger I
Vote Posh as #1! Best food and drinks you could ask for. Unique, customized to your taste, fresh, in season and more than you expect!笑
Ughhh so I want to like this place- the concept really calls to me but after years of wanting to try I'm deeply disappointed that I finally did! First, what's up with ALL the salt? Our first course was the bean soup and uni. Uni essence maybe but I didn't see uni all I could taste was salt. Second course soft shell crab in a SALTY broth-no subtle taste. My brother had goat tarte- it was okay.  I also had three rubber balls posing as escargot for another dish! This is NOT improvisation cooking as most seems to already been made waiting to be served at the cook's whim. Tasting menus are about portioning. We had the 5 course and I literally could not imagine the portions to be smaller. I felt like I had 5 tiny appetizers! We walked away with 240 tab for two 5 portion tastings! One more thing-- what's up with the huge amount of time between courses? It's not like our food is waiting to be cooked. If you like this concept---which is essentially a tasting menu Greer are MUCH better places. The waiter and bartender were great thank goodness!