Absolute best Pizza Pizza location to wait outside of for a streetcar, if you want sketchy dudes to hassle you for loose change continuously. Or if you enjoy the whimsical sight of watching a grown man pee on a sidewalk!

SUCH a colourful neighbourhood!笑
We ordered for pickup and the pizza place told us we had ordered from a store a block away, which wasn't true. We went on an escapade to find the other establishment which doesn't exist. Not only were the servers rude, but they didn't remember our order and yelled at us for trying to "cut the line" when we were just there to pick up a pre-placed order.

What awful service.笑
Pizza Pizza is a huge hit and miss. I remember how great this franchise used to be when I was a kid. Getting Pizza Pizza was such a treat with their little plastic table holders between the pizzas to prevent the pizza box from crashing down on the pizza during delivery. Now..pizza pizza just isn't the same. I can't say pizza pizza is my first place of choice but since they have a $4.99 medium special..you can't really go wrong for a cheap bite. The key to ordering at any Pizza Pizza is asking for the pizza to be WELL DONE! This is crucial..or else you will get a very old stale cheese looking pizza doused in sauce. I never order their slices anymore because to me they just don't always look very fresh. I also order New York Style Pepperoni as I find it just makes their pizza better overall. 

I gave this location a 3/5 only because I at times have had poor service however the manager there is usually really friendly and great. They have had some rough hires throughout the past 10 years but they have gotten better with service. If only their pizza could stay up to par at all times.笑
Located right at the  corner of Queen and Bathurst it can be quite the interesting  place since the various characters who surrounds the area can definitely  cause  quite the scene at times.

The service  is usually friendly, but can be a hit or miss at this location  depending  on the time of visit, so be prepared to not see a smile, but just fast and efficient service.

Pizzas are quite consistent, being a franchise, I should hope that the food quality is the same each and every time.  I usually come here to pick up their medium pepperoni pizza to go because for $4.99, I cannot complain.