Small burgers and over priced , 
Nothing special, hardwood seats , I would rather have 5 guys, smash burger and in n out over this笑
I only ever order the chicken sandwich. And it's amazing everytime. I add ketchup and hot sauce. Yes they have hot sauce !  So it's just delicious. Their pickles have a very nice crunch to them also.笑
Absolutely amazing. If you're looking for an excellent burger and delicious fries this is the place for you. Sure it's pricier than In N Out as everyone here is comparing it to, but hey you're paying for a much more quality burger. Love love love.笑
Its just okay. Burger seems about the same as culvers and so is the fries. They even have concrete which is a culvers thing too. Their burgers here are really greasy. The shakes are really good tho. No free refills on soda products which sucks. It's also really expensive. Lunch for 3 ran me 45$. I'll  stick with culvers if I want something similar. *note not a culvers fan just found it rereally similar.笑
My burger, the shackburger, was ridiculously greasy. The fries really tasted like the frozen ore ida fries i buy at the grocery store. Did not try the shakes...have had shakeshack in NY and Atlanta and loved it. Atmosphere was fine, food was not. I do not recommend this particular location. Wont be back. Very expensive for the food quality.笑
Ok.  So, I can see what all the hubbub is about as the original location in New York has such a storied history and loyal following.  Us Phoenicians are fortunate enough to be included in the Shack's aggressive expansion beyond the Big Apple.  I know our Arizona locations will never be like the New York institution, but for many, Shake Shack would only exist, in legend, if it were not for the two new locations in the Valley.

Burgers, much like Mexican food, are so subjective as a food item because of the myriad of regional variables in included ingredients, the specified styles of preparation and presentation - not to mention the bun can make, or break, a burger.  Therefore, it stands to reason that many feel that a Shake Shack Burger is a tasty interpretation of the fundamental American burger.  Although I agree that Shack burgers are tasty, they are not necessarily the guilty indulgence offered up by other establishments. 

Shake Shack does make an appetizing burger, yet I do not find myself not salivating over the thought or mention of any of their burgers, nor do I see myself making a special trip just for a burger, fries and beer.  The ShackBurger, SmokeShack and 'Shroom Burger all have flavor, but not the Pavlov inducing, bacon crunching, cheese oozing, crispy, saucy, deliciousness of burgers that can be found elsewhere.  I do, however, have a more positive opinion of their custard, shakes and concretes.  

Because of the evident quality of Shake Shack's dairy desserts and their creaminess, which tastes as though it is devoid of thickeners or stabilizers (I hope), has caused me to vacillate on my star rating, and thusly has increased my final rating because of my positive dairy experiences here.

Shake Shack will not necessarily disappoint any patrons with its food, but it will not Wow them either.  Outstanding customer service would elevate the entire Shack experience as well as the perceived taste of the food, resulting in overall higher ratings and return visits.  Frankly, I am surprised that there is not a more aggressive training program to foster a Shake Shack Culture with its employees.

Although nothing specific was ever amiss on each of my visits, I have not experienced an enthusiastic greeting, witnessed a gleaming smile, genuinely felt welcome or felt a passionate adoration for working at The Shack by its employees.  Whereas I have, unexpectedly, experienced these things at other establishments - and some of those have drive-thrus - chalk one up to insightful HR departments for creating a dining culture that shows in the customer experience; the Shack and Arizona could certainly use more of it.

Shake Shack has created a niche without filling an existing need, and in doing so, it is trying to fill that need through its own proclamation of hospitality and community.  So long as their expansion is not too aggressive, I know Shake Shack will be successful; it is already regarded as an institution in New York, which the founders have set out to create, and have been seemingly successful.  Given the initial Valley locations and the Shack's trendy, socially/environmentally charged atmosphere which melds well with both the Uptown Phoenix corridor and the trendy Scottsdale shopping neighborhoods, Shake Shack will appeal to these specific and socially astute socioeconomic populations, while still attracting first-timers, thus ensuring the Shack's success here in Arizona. 

Overall Rating: 3.2 Stars
Food: 3.8 stars
Service: 2.5 Stars
Cleanliness: 3.5 Stars
Atmosphere: 4
Price/Value: 2 Stars笑
Ahh....so,so. Greasy. Expensive. People were nice. Probably won't be back. Not worth the money.笑
Love This place and I'm glad they have one in phoenix. The taste is just as good as the one in New York. They also serve beer in draft which was a plus. Location is good and staff was really friendly笑
The hype for this place is too real. All I can say is Meh! Service is fast, food is aight, the price is my only complaint. About ten dollars for fries and burger! Mind you.. The burger is tiny! I call it a snack burger. The only one up this place has on in n out is the decor and the meat patty.. I guess you pay for how nicely decorated the place is... But this place is nothing to be wowed about! I'm still an in n out burger kinda gal. I am kind of sad they didn't carry strawberry lemonade like their Vegas location. Other than that, this place is alright/meh.笑
The food is good but portions are small.  Something that separates them from Culver's or Freddie's is that portions are smaller,  they serve alcohol and dog treats.  Decor is upscale compared to similar frozen custard burger places.  Location is good for groups with big bench type booths and wide open indoor and outdoor seating.  The place is clean and staff friendly.  However for the quantity/size of food it's not worth going to this place over similar burger joints.笑
Why are you people posting photos of your receipt? Why are you surprised at the total? The prices are right there in front of you when you ordered. SMH.
The place is clean, service is friendly, and the food is pretty dang good for meat and potatoes lol I love it here. Sorry, you can't see my receipt! LOL笑
This place is so freaking yummy. Perfect portion size and just absolutely delicious. I love taking my kids here and they enjoy the hot dogs and cheese fries. Also, Carl Mclure is the most kindest person ever. I love when we walk in and see him there. Great place, great food, and great employees. Thanks guys!笑
I just love the food, and that's almost the sole reason I'm giving this place 5 stars. Other than that, I also love the look and feel of the table tops made from reclaimed bowling alleys. The restrooms are nice and clean with nice tiles, non-auto faucet, and Dyson hand dryer. The employees are great, the manager stopped by my table to hand me some napkins. They have buzzers to let you know when your's is ready. The only downside is the price for the portion that you get.笑
Prices are way too high for what you get: small servings, long wait, below average burger. Go to In-n-out instead. Better in every way. My date and I ended up going to another restaurant directly following visiting this location because we were both unsatisfied with the small portions and didn't want to wait for another order.笑
Delicious. Not as greasy as Five Guys and about as delicious as Chuckbox. Pricing is moderate. 

They give you a vibrating pager to let you know when your order is ready. I had the SmokeStack with cheese fries. Cheese fries were a little salty with the cheese. SmokeStack was on point. It had house-made bacon with bits of cherry peppers with sauce on top of beef patty. I should've gotten a double patty. 

Interior was clean, staff was friendly, parking was plentiful at mid afternoon. Outside area was decently shaded. They don't allow dogs but do have bowls of water outside where your dog can wait for a second while you order. They sell wine and beer. People drive like shit inside the plaza though. Lots of hipsters and cali-types as well. Would recommend to anybody.笑
Came here with a coworker yesterday and their food is just as wonderful as their customer service. I got the chicken sandwich, some fries, and a Carmel shake. My friend set the expectation high with their chicken sandwich. She told me that it was better than chick fil a. I have to agree. It taste very fresh and crispy. The cashiers are quick and friendly even bough there was a long line. Appreciated someone coming over to clean our table and grab our trash when we were done eating. Place was nice and clean and has a hip style to it. Definitely recommended and will bring my husband along soon to try one of their famous burgers and another flavor shake.笑
I lived in New York for a brief period in 2007, and as soon as I tried Shake Shack, I was hooked. I'm so glad they've finally made it it west!

Is Shake Shack pricier than typical fast food? Yes, but it's also not typical fast food, both in terms of food quality and the aesthetic atmosphere of the restaurant itself. How many fast food places outfit their restaurants with great patio space and tables made from reclaimed bowling alley wood from Brooklyn?

I've noticed a lot of reviews comparing Shake Shack to In-N-Out, Five Guys, Habit, even McDonald's. Are those places cheaper? Definitely. But I'd also venture to say the quality of Shake Shacks beef is far better. I'm not sure what seasoning Shake Shack uses, but the beef is far more flavorful to me than any competitor. When it comes to bun quality, Shake Shack wins that one hands down. The butter toasted Martin's potato roll is way better than buns used anywhere else. And if beef isn't your thing, the Chick'n Shack is amazing! I'm definitely more of a beef fan than chicken, but I've gotten the chicken my last two visits here. Super flavorful, crispy, and juicy- everything that most chicken sandwiches lack.

I know the French fry battle is always a hot topic, bu I also prefer the Shake Shack Yukon crinkle cut fries to any other burger place (save maybe the truffle fries at Zinburger).

One of the best part of Shake Shack is the beverage selection. Anywhere I can get a good glass of wine or a good beer is an automatic plus for me. I like that they feature local drafts on tap too. If you prefer your liquid indulgence in the sweet variety, the shakes and concretes here are also great. I'm not a huge chocolate fan, but I ended up drinking more than my share of the black & white shake my husband ordered. They've also got two concretes special to Phoenix. I've only had the Camelshack (salted caramel and banana cream pie), but it was really good.

What really pushes this location to five-stars for me is the service. Every worker I've encountered has been super friendly. They've even come buy to offer water or to clear the table- not something you see in most fast casual places.

If you're looking for the most food for the least amount of money, this is not your place. However, if you'd rather have a quality burger, in a nice atmosphere, and maybe enjoy a beer or wine with your meal, this is the place for you.笑
Here's the deal; it's okay. They have a tried and true menu with burgers and other stuff on bread. There's beer and wine, along with the desserts.

This is a fast casual place, but no self service soda, like every other place. A place like this ought to have a drive thru.

Is there a Freddy's Frozen Custard bear you? Just as good, but cheaper and a drive thru. No booze, though.笑
I really only came here for the frozen custard, but was surprised how good the burger was. That bread is so good and compliments the burger perfectly. All of my food was great, the only part that was not so great was the prices. I paid about $18 for a bacon cheeseburger, fries, drink, and some custard. It was good but I can't eat here that often with those prices.笑
If you'd like to waste a ton of time waiting for a mediocre burger and fries (to go) then please come here! If you don't want to wait the 15-20 min for a to go order for one, then I recommend Five Guys! Better taste, cheaper, and not slow as heck!笑
My chicken sandwich was delicious. Fries crispy!  Tea yummy. But almost 14.00. A little too pricey.笑
Loving that I have the taste of NY so close to home.  Shake Shack is a delicious chain based out of NY.  

I love the crinkle cut fries, the tasty hamburgers, the crispy chicken sandwiches and there Mushroom Juicy Lucy Burger, which is melted cheese in between (2) pieces of fried Portobello.

The prices are a bit higher compared to other fast food burgers, but I think the food itself is better than your typical burger joint.

My wife really enjoys the Mushroom "Juicy Lucy" Burger as she is a Vegetarian, but says it's so hardy it reminds her of a yummy burger.

Can't wait to come back!笑
The burger is great. Really... Their burger is wonderful, clearly quality and the taste proves the quality. The meat is perfectly cooked, cheese tasty and veggies fresh. My third time visiting and I am still shocked at the price. I am all for getting what I pay for, but this is just a burger place with no fancy servers or special meat. The price you pay for counter-serves burgers is a bit too high. The value is lacking. If the $8 double burger (burger only) isn't enough.... Try $2.50 for a small soda!?! Seriously!?! For a soda?? This is one ridiculously exorbitantly priced small soda. Oh... And it's not self serve, so you need to ask for a refill. Not sure if it's free or not.

Clearly the soda machine here has the best ROI. That followed by the beer, the frys. I would pay an $8 burger all day long for one this quality.... I'll consider if I will return every time due to the drink prices.

Owner: Be reasonable with your soda/beer prices. You are a counter-serve burger joint.... Not a steak house.笑
I was really looking forward to this place opening up so last night we finally went and gave it a try. Boy were we ever disappointed. First the price.. single shake cheeseburger, chicken shake sandwich an order of cheese fries, and 2 shakes strawberry and salted caramel. total = $28.00.  Next.. taste..ordinary at best. The chicken sandwich which is deep fried had a slight " the oil needs to be changed taste" and was not golden brown..very dark brown (old oil) and the herb mayo that is supposed to be on the sandwich.. well if it was there was  a tiny dot of it. cheeseburger was nothing special again where's the shake sauce (still in the bottle I guess). cheese fries were a tiny portion with an even tinier cup of cheese that was almost to thick to pour over fries, it came out in clumps. the shakes were excellent, however a bit pricey. all in all I think I will stick with Lenny's on central ave. or Habit Burger.笑
Shake Shack has landed in Phoenix.  It was.... 

Not that great.  The citrus matcha shake was incredible.  The fries were meh.  The burger was... okay.  Not worth nearly $6.  

For two burgers, one order of fries and two shakes it cost $27.00. ouch.  In-N-Out burger is MUCH better and a better price.  $30 isn't expensive but... should be better quality.  

Now, I would return for a Citrus Matcha shake in a heartbeat.  The staff was really friendly and they were well trained.  

I do, however, plan to return for the chicken sandwich to try it out.  It will definitely NOT be a destination for me.笑
Came here for a bite with some friends. Friendly staff, clean environment. They had a plethora of items on their menu, but I opted for their Shroom Burger. I felt the price of my order was a tad expensive as I didn't order a side or drink. The burger was fine, but a bit too much grease. 

I've heard a lot about Shake Shack, and I can't really say the hype was realistically met. The food was edible, but the staff and place alone were fantastic.笑
On a trip up to the Phoenix airport, we took a short detour to the Shake Shack. We shared the "Shack Stack" which is a hamburger topped with a breaded, deep-fried portobello mushroom. It was wonderful. I'd never had a fried portobello mushroom, and it was perfect on a burger. The crinkle fries were delicious and we had the salted caramel concrete, which was very (overly) sweet and creamy. This little place was pricey, but really a treat if you want a special burger.笑
I'm updating my review and adding a star based on customer service. After my previous review, someone reached out to me immediately, which I appreciated. I received a gift certificate and gave them another try. Happy to report that our order was correct and I was given the normal cheese for the cheese fries. I'd definitely go back and get them again, but they overall just aren't my favorite. I hate giving 3 star reviews since they are basically invaluable, but my taste buds can't quite stick 4 stars onto this.笑
Shake shack is good but a little pricey for a small burger. In N Out I still think is better and cheaper. However, this place is worth trying. The shakes and the fries are better than the actual burgers.笑
Had a cheeseburger, cheese fries and a chocolate malted shake.   Everything was really delicious.  Definitely satisfies a burger craving.   Nice, clean and spacious atmosphere and courteous staff.笑
Scratching my head on all the people complaining about the price. This is a RESTAURANT, not a drive through like In-n-Out where you get your burger in 8 seconds. 

My wife and I went on Sunday afternoon. We got a cheeseburger, chicken sandwich, and shared a cheese fries. The total bill was $16 bucks. Seems like a value to me.

Both the burger and chicken sandwich were awesome and a good size. This is not like what you would get at In-n-Out where I can power down two double doubles without batting an eyelash. One double here would more than satisfy me here.

The beef was delicious and props to the girl at the counter who asked if we wanted pickle and onion on it... YES. The pickles are bomb and whoever does the buns should get a nice pat on the back. Perfect size and tooth to not fall apart with the juicy as hell burger and nice gooey cheese.

Chicken sandwich was spot on. I think Chick Filet has a great, simple chicken Sammy. This was just like that, but with a better, lighter, batter to it. Yum.

Last is the cheese fries. Hate to admit it, but I love some cheese fries with the standard runny "nacho" cheese. Prefer them that way. The cheese on these babies knocked my socks off. It had that gooeyness that I covet but the flavor far surpasses my wildest cheesy dreams. Such a nice refined chedar/irish cheddar flavor... I need this recipe because it would also make the perfect mac and cheese.

FIVE BIG STARS all the way for Shake Shack.笑
First of all, for the multiple reviewers who've complained the burgers here are "greszy", and you know who you are, they're SUPPOSED to be greasy. Greasy IS juicy. Juicy is greasy. 

This IS a good burger. Good, not great. 
But the patty is too small. WAY TOO SMALL. WAAAAAAAAY TOO SMALL. 

The counterhelp suggested I try the "Smokeshack".  This was a double burger with Neiman Ranch bacon with cheese,  chopped cherry peppers and ShakeSauce. Generous amount of bacon, the problem was the burger was made to look pretty for presentation but made for uneven flavor throughout the burger. There wasn't any ShakeSauce on the front half of the burger. Like Hopdoddy, I don't want to sacrifice flavor for appearance. Very uneven burger 

Crinkle cut fries were fantastic!!  PERFECT. 

Question for management: Why build a roof over the patio that allows rain to come through?!  I realize this is Phoenix and it doesn't occur often but it occurred yesterday and I didn't like it. 

Cutest young woman working the counter added select customer services - did not catch her name but she was very observant and helpful. 

So, at the end of the day, The Stand on Indian School Road serves "The Standard, ($5.99 with cheese) and it's really good. It's 
a double cheese really similar to the Shackshack. 

Shakeshack charges $8.09 for a double cheeseburger, and therefore is 25% more. than The Stand. Why?  I mean really, Shakeshack is really, really OVERPRICED. 

Here's the list of the preferred:

1) Lucky Boy
2) Harvey's (16th St location only)
3) The Stand
4) Zinburger 
5) Red Robin

Bye for now!笑
Great place i truly enjoy it, im looking forward to going back..... strawberry mint lemonade was truly different taste really good...笑
The ambiance is atypical, yet charming for a central located establishment. Sam is amazing in her customer while the other team members seem to be complacent in the status quo. Over all decent fat American foot that hits the spot, but will terrorize your next health check up.笑
Great décor, fresh food but pricey for what you get.  The shakes were tasty but small and expensive for what you get.  Burger was also tasty but again small and pricey.  Everything a la carte so your bill will grow as well.  For my money, would rather go to ZinBurger or DeLux for a quality burger and fries that is larger and more satisfying for the same prices.笑
Tastes just like the original shake shack in NYC. The best part was that the staff was so friendly. Good atmosphere and not busy on a Tuesday night. This was a good addition to the Uptown Plaza.笑
I went in on a Friday afternoon. The restaurant was buzzing...always a good sign. So I ordered the smoke shack and cheese fries and I quickly got them. The first thing I noticed was the buns, they looked very fluffy and moist and had a nice sheen to them. I loved the burger, the meat was flavorful and the cherry peppers gave a nice sweet taste with a little bit of heat. I think the bun was my favorite and the bacon second.  I  had the camel shake for dessert. Think creamy custard meets banana cream pie with bits of piecrust, it was phenomenal and it had salted caramel. I'm definitely coming again.笑
Overpriced, food just good, air conditioning crappy, and a nose ringed gal taking our order. Not much to her commend.笑
Sadly I have to give Shake Shack one star. This is an extremely commercialized business that sells small portion at exorbitant prices. A very small chicken burger was $7. An even smaller single party burger was also $7. The milkshake was forgettable. The setting and ambiance is cool but that's not why I go to a restaurant. My friend and I went, it was the first time for each of us, neither are coming back. We thought this would be a competitor with in'n out. Not close. Disappointing! One star!笑
I had heard a lot of hype on Shake Shack over the past few years. My wife and I get to PHX fairly often for warm weather and family. I drove past this location last Feb. and was excited to see a sign announcing "Shack Shack coming soon!" We were in the area the first week of Jan. 2017 so made a point of stopping by.
     We were greeted warmly upon arrival and asked if it was our first trip {must have been our deer in the headlights expressions.} The menu was explained and we went with two basic burgers with cheese and an order of the crinkle cut fries. Also we shared a chocolate shake.
      The store was very attractive and well appointed. We were there after 1pm so parking was not an issue. Great geographic location.
    Our food was good but not inspiring. I think sometimes the hype makes patrons expect more from a restaurant than is logical. A little expensive and greasy but definitely tasty fare. 
     We have been big In-N-Out fans during our AZ trips but would consider Shake Shack again.笑
I will never go back. Do not be disillusioned: this is gross fast food. To sum up my experience: low quality and generic food. Fries are bland, dry, and cheese sauce is disgusting. The chicken sandwich was also dry and too crispy on a boring (also dry) white bun. The burger patty was too thin to be cooked anything but well done. Shack-nado hotdog was also gross. Everything was small for the price. Save your money and go to Five Guys, In n Out, or Chic Fila. Really, go anywhere but here. I was looking forward to this place but will now be marking it off my list - forever!笑
I was really excited for Shake Shack to open its Phoenix location, literally just a few minutes' walk from my house.  I had it when I lived in Washington, D.C. about 4 years ago and have been craving it ever since.  Honestly, this led to unfair expectations, but the food was still really good.  The burger practically melts in your mouth because of the buttery bun and good quality cheese.  I have to say that the patty itself isn't anything special.  I like the crinkle cut fries and (can't believe I'm actually saying this) but they are a little too crispy for my taste.  This may be because it's a new location and the employees haven't nailed the art of fry-making.  Also, it's awesome that they have beer and wine, including some local selections.  

My biggest gripe is that it is pricey.  People compare Shake Shack and In N Out, which is a hard comparison because they're just different.  But In N Out is clearly the better bang for your buck.  Nonetheless, I will still find myself at Shake Shack happily eating a Shack Burger and crinkle cut fries.笑
Sorry I just don't get it. Atmosphere is good. Nice patio to enjoy a late dinner (when the parking lot isn't crazy).  But the food is fast food and the fries strongly resemble ore-Ida crinkle cut fries. They may have been ore-Ida. Too expensive for the quality.  I like McDonald's better笑
Such a great place! The food is delicious, be sure to get the cheese fries! The manager, Matt, was extremely helpful and took great care of us. Cecile at the cashier was also kind and gave a bunch of great tips and tricks for our food! Thanks for a great lunch and atmosphere!笑
This was our first visit to the newly opened Shake Shack. My husband and I waited in line during lunch rush for about 15 minutes. A nice worker gave us a menu to peruse while we waited.
Once we were just about in the front door, we had to wait for her to tell us when we could proceed to the inside line. The menu is big and visible on the wall near the registers.
We finally made it to the front and placed our order for the Smoke Shack single cheeseburger meal with an order of crinkle cut cheese fries, a Coke and a Root Beer Float. We were given a restaurant pager and we had a seat at a nice, big booth. It would be another 15 minutes until our order was ready.
My husband went up to get it. Once he was seated, we checked out our food and dived into it. It was very good, hot, fresh, delicious.
I think Shake Shack sets itself apart from other burger shops in that it's concept is on using only the freshest and highest quality meat and vegetables, and home made frozen custard. 
The service was good and the people friendly despite it being newly opened.
I recommend everyone give them a try.笑
Can you say Yummy,Yummy! The food does not disappoint. Great loud place for young and old.笑
Excellent food. A great burger and fries outstanding lemonade. With the drive. I'll come back笑
Tried going there previously but lines were too long . The restaurant  is like Culver's or inn and out burger . Prices are a little higher . The bread was light and fluffy. Burger was a little  salty but good flavor . Fries were a little  over cooked.  Shakes were average  but a little pricier.  Dairy queen is better. It took about 7 minutes once we ordered.笑
AI got the cheeseburger (single), fries, and a drink.  It was ok.  All the portions look small and the taste was very average.  The burger was a burger.  Fries was fries.  But the service from the staff was excellent.笑
I was looking forward to eating here and I was thoroughly surprised by there quick ticket times for how busy they are and the quality of there food. I ordered the chicken sandwich was very good with a side of cheese fries. You must try the cheese fries!! I will definitely come back and i look forward to trying a burger and some ice cream. The only thing I would knit pick is the size of there small soda which is like a kids cup and the fact that they don't carry ranch dressing.笑
Horrible horrible food and way overpriced it doesn't even taste good so I don't get the big lines笑
Great Quality Food! I like Shake Shack--First time I had it was in Chicago back in January. They were super busy today, and they did pretty good considering they did not have training that long maybe like a week or so--We live in the area and we were definitely waiting for when they opened. If you are use to paying .99cents for burgers then you will feel the crunch at this place. This is for people who are use to quality food. We are use to paying around 8 bucks a burger at The Stand on Indian School. Glad we have a spot that uses great quality close by. 2 Burgers 2 Shakes and 1 Fry was a good 33 bucks. Will come back!笑
A cute place went to get our dogs groomed and found this place. Burgers were good just wish they were bigger. Service was good no complaints. Fries were decent nothing out of the ordinary. Tried my sons chicken sandwich def fresh and yummy. My youngest loved his hotdog and I love how they have a menu for the dogs should def come with them. Only downside is price can be expensive.笑
Finally tried SS...Atmosphere is nice. 2 burgers and a order of fries and 2 large drinks. $25?  Wow...and the meats is bland and very greasy. Not impressed. Give us Wendy's any day.笑
Hip, trendy and the food is very tasty.  It's a little pricey (almost 15 dollars for a burger fries and and Diet Coke).  Not bad for a once in a while joint.笑
Like most people, I've been hearing about Shake Shack for years. The New York City-based chain is what East Coast "peeps" proudly proclaim to be "their version" of In-N-Out. 

Unfortunately, they don't have In-N-Out in New York - so I'm not entirely sure they understand what they're comparing it against. And that's probably what has gotten Shake Shack in trouble with a lot of newcomers. Its loyal fans are grossly overselling it way, way too hard to the point where everyones' expectations have become completely unrealistic.

Despite this, I'm still quite fascinated by the fact that reviews for Shake Shack aren't quite as high as I had originally anticipated. Honestly, I think the corporate suits underestimated the intelligence of their target demographic. Sure, people today are more than willing to pay a little extra for a burger if the quality (and source) are of a high standard - but there's a fine-line between charging a premium for quality and charging a premium just to be greedy. And I'm convinced that this is one of the reasons why Shake Shack hasn't been as openly embraced by the locals like I thought they would be.

We've only visited here once, ordering a couple of single patty burgers with both cheese fries and regulars. I even threw in a "Bag O' Bones" for my chihuahua, which come directly from Bocce's Bakery.  

Honestly, neither one of us thought the burgers were too bad. I mean, they were by no means the best thing I've ever sunk my teeth into, but they were still respectable. So, what's the problem, you ask? I think people are a little shocked about the smaller size, which doesn't really correlate to their asking prices. Who the hell knows? 

At some point, we will pay a return visit, because I'm still trying to figure out just precisely why this place (at least in New York) garnered such a massive cult following. But after one meal, I still feel that In-N-Out is a far superior choice for a fast food burger. And after reading a lot of reviews, it sounds like I'm not alone in saying this.

Give them a try at least.笑
We had heard the hype.  My hairdresser related how he stood in line for hours to get in to the store in NYC and it was the best he had ever had.  Other folks I talked to were all worked up because it was a hip place.  We watched it being built as they updated and remodeled Uptown Plaza.  It was fun to see the place change from Boston Market to a Shake Shack.  When they first opened there would be lines around the building and the lunch crowd was huge.  We waited a while before we went and maybe that is why I have to say - MEH.  They definitely have NYC prices on the food - yikes!  I got a single Shack Burger which was mediocre.  The hubby had the Bacon Burger and felt the same.  We split a $2.99 order of fries expecting it to be large but it was barely enough for us!  Generic crinkle cut fries too.  I got an iced tea because I could not wrap my head around the $6 shakes.  The hubby got the shake of the day - chocolate cardamom - and it was small and again - MEH.  It is no where near the quality of burgers we've bad from local places like Wineburger or Hamburger Works.  Glad we tried it but doubt we will return.笑
The burger was pretty good, the 5 star rating is for the incredibly friendly and accommodating staff. This is easily the best customer service I have had in a long while.  Shakes were delicious and I will most definitely be back next time I am in the area.笑
What a great experience. The service was very personable, Ceciley did a nice job. We had the burger, fries and 50/50 for lunch. It was delicious!  The store was clean and our family had a great lunch. We will for sure be back soon . Matt the manger visited our table twice to make sure everything was top notch and refilled our drinks!  Thanks again笑
We went here for the first time to see what is the buzz all about. 

As the first timers, my expectations were bit high. I was expecting better service in a sense to where they would explain to us how it works or if they had any recommendations. It was a complete opposite. 

The girl that was helping us could care less about any questions we were asking, she was really unfriendly and just wanted to take our order and get to the next person. Did I mention, the place was not even that busy. 

We seat outside and food arrived. Totally average burgers. In my personal opinion they are super average for the price. The buns are nothing special....I was not impressed at all. 

Little over $30 later, bad service, and average food I did not leave this joint with the mindset of wanting to come back ASAP.笑
Clean Restaurant and fast service. There's just nothing special than any other chain.笑
My fiance and I went there tonight for the first time with high hopes. Needless to say those were crushed. Terrible we spent 25 dollars which was ridiculous. So greasy no flavor.... even the cashier had a bad attitude. We got the shake stack.  Usually we are easy to please but paying 25 dollars is alot for no flavor. We would have rather went to five guys or Culver's. Wish I could get my wasted money back.笑
Disappointed

My girlfriend and I came to try shake shack because the one back home in California had just opened up and still had a ridiculous long line. We said since we were out here we can try it and cross it off of list. This place wasn't busy which was perfect because the one back home would have us in like for like an hour. This place is very expensive and you have to order everything separately which makes ur bill high. We spent damn near $30 for 2 sandwiches, fries and drinks

We ordered our food took a seat and waited for some bs food. We got the chick shack with regular fries and cheese fries with drinks. The chicken sandwiches were salty. The fries tasted like the were old and the cheese fries had some funny flavored cheese sauce on them. 

I seriously doubt that I would go back to a shake shack. I know different locations taste different but we were disappointed and over the whole place.笑
Don't believe the hype.

2 burgers, 2 orders of regular fries, 2 sodas = $30.

My regular cheeseburger was the size of my palm. The bun was some wrinkly cheap bun that looked like some about-to-expire off name brand. The meat was tasty but c'mon. Overall a wildly over-priced failure.

The crinkle fries were awesome. But would I go back there to get them? No.

My regular size soda looked about the size of a child's sippy cup. And no self-service refill fountain. 

It's LOOOOOUD in the place. Didn't get a booth. The tables and chairs are I guess supposed to look like industrial Ikea maybe? They were uncomfortable.

There are so many far superior places for a burger in town at much lower prices. This place was a sad sad joke.

Can we stop by The Habit on the way home FOR A REAL CHEESEBURGER PLEASE????笑
Good burger and nice atmosphere, especially the patio and location. However, for the price, I have been disappointed on my two visits here. In-n-Out Burger is just as good for a 1/3 of the price. Shake Shack is worth $6.00 at best. Adding fries and drink (which they dispense) makes a lunch nearly $11.00/person. Not worth it in my book.笑
Shake shack is good but pricey!  The burger is already $5-6 then you have to order fries separate.  Plus there is no ranch just seem weird mayo.笑
Shake shack I love you

Ok so to be honest I haven't tried an actual hamburger yet because I fell in love with the chicken sandwich 
I used to think chick fil a had the best chicken sandwich but Shake Shack is my favorite. 

I love the crinkle cut French fries they are my favorite type of fry if I had to chose any. 

My food always comes out and cooked to perfection. My experience with the customer service has been great as well!笑
If you care about the price, the burger will not make it any better. It's a great burger but like previous comments the price is just not worth it, if you care about the price.  Personally I liked the burger but left wanting more. It's 2 or 3 bites and that's it, burgers gone. Have to go back for the shakes.. I hear they make up for the small burgers.笑
I first heard about Shake Shack back in the early 2000's from friends in NYC so I was excited when they finally opened locations in Phoenix and Scottsdale.

The burgers, fries, and shakes are certainly good, but I wish they'd opened here years ago, because with the explosion of burger restaurants nationwide that is no longer an uncommon thing to find. 

Hopdaddy, Habit, Smashburger, Five Guys, and In-N-Out all provide burgers that are equally as good and at a much more reasonable price. Heck, even The Counter in California seemed cheaper.

Sure it's fine to promote that you are from New York, but I'm not willing to pay New York prices for a burger that I'm still eating in Phoenix.

Overall Shake Shack is good, but overpriced.笑
Lol, there's a reason Shake Shack has better reviews at their Scottsdale location: you need to be financially solid to look past the prices here. 

Unfortunately, the fried chicken sandwich here is *pretty* good. So are their shakes. :( My cheap ass will begrudingly be back on payday. My spouse will just have to stay hungry or get Wendy's.笑
Like many others, I've heard rave reviews about Shake Shack and was excited to find out they opened a location in Scottsdale...I was even more excited to find out another location had opened in Uptown Phoenix-a much more convenient drive from North Phoenix.
My son and I stopped in for lunch yesterday before hitting up the Art Detour in the Roosevelt District around 1pm and there was a line out the door. I figured at that time of the day there would be a wait so we didn't mind. They had an employee outside handing out menus and also had umbrellas set up so we didn't cook in the unseasonably warm March weather. We waited in line maybe a total of 10 minutes, but again, going during normal lunchtime hours, I expected to wait a little. 
I ordered the single shake burger, a hot dog for him, fries, a camelshack concrete, and a drink to share which altogether came out to be about $21. I can't say I was blown away by anything. The burger was a pretty decent burger. Whatever the shake sauce is great, and the burger itself tasted really fresh. I loved the crinkle fries, as did my son. And the camelshack was good as well; vanilla custard with pieces of banana cream pie and a caramel sauce. I think next time I'd order it sans caramel sauce because it's was almost overwhelmingly sweet, but live and learn, right? 

Overall, I was impressed. We had a nice lunch at a decent price but I don't see myself going out of my way anytime soon to be back- now, if a location were to pop up on my side of town, I may reconsider.笑
I don't have fast food very often but I was really impressed with the shake shack. The portion was perfect for me. The burger, fries, and fifty fifty were the perfect portion and were of delicious quality. I left feeling satiated instead of like a stuffed sausage. I will be back.笑
Food was good & reasonably priced. Atmosphere was like any other fast food joint. Staff was friendly & attentive. Hubby  & I decided to order 2 splits ( half bottles) of red wine to enjoy with our meal. Huge mistake! The wine rang up at $29 a bottle! At a fast food burger joint!!?? Needless to say, we nixed that. Instead, we shared one split. That's like $14.50 a glass. One can get a pretty nice glass of wine for ten bucks in some fine dining establishments. Shake Shack is on the wrong track if they think folks are gonna pay that kind of money to eat a burger & have a glass of wine while little rug rats run around the place. Not this girl.笑
We came on a Sunday at 2:00. They greeted us at the door with menus to view while in line. There was also a large menu posted on the hallway in the waitline. The wait to order food was just about 5 minutes long. We found a seat to sit inside. I noticed they have disposable wipes set on the garbage can areas to wipe the table if need be. The food was not ready right away so they gave us a buzzer. It took 20 min for our buzzer to buzz from the time our order was stamped on our receipt! I was starving!!!

My chicken dog was fine, nothing added to it. I opted to add ketchup, mustard, and Louisiana hot sauce which was offered at the condiment counter. My bf had a shack burger which looked rather small and he said was fine. We both however really enjoyed the fries (regular, not cheese which IS offered btw). We shared a soda, which they make behind the counter. 

Needless to say, neither of us are planning another visit, however when or if I do, I plan to try a shake and probably will order some fries to go with it! What can I say If you give a girl some fries.....she may just want a milk shake to go with it!笑
Hmm, more like 3.5 stars. Definitely not worth the high prices or the long line... But it's a decent burger and pretty good hot dog. Cheese fries were awesome too, shakes were pretty good. 

Will I be back? Yeah笑
I've heard of Shake Shack burgers when they were still in NY, so I was really excited to try them out when they came to AZ!

Their burgers ARE good BUT the only thing that did deter me from trying anything else was the the entire menu is A La Carte... each item starts a little over $2.50 + tax. For an individual person, a drink, fries, and burger would set you back about $15 + tax, and you don't really get a sizable meal for the price...

I know they take great care in making their food though, and the employees were helpful and nice when we ordered. I wouldn't mind eating here again, but the prices... I feel like I could get a bigger meal at a sit-down restaurant than at a "high-end" fast food joint.

So.. fan of their food!! But not a fan of their prices haha!!笑
I do not understand the hype.  We tried it today because of all the media attention and because it is walking distance from our house.  Not impressed.  Like other reviewers mentioned, its expensive for burgers and fries.  So our expectations were high.  We didn't finish anything we ordered including the shakes.  Waste of calories.笑
Stuffed portabella mushroom, fried and placed on a juicy cheeseburger was delicious, not too big and the shake was to die for!笑
First time I've been to Shake Shack. It had a lot of hype. 

I got a shack burger with onions. The meat tasted good. It was cooked medium to medium-well. The bun was like a potato bun. The condiments were unremarkable.

The fries tasted like your standard frozen Ore-Ida crinkle cut fries.

I got a coffee shake. Excellent coffee flavor. The shakes only come in one size. It was a little small considering the price. But the flavor was premium. So the burger was expensive but tasted pretty good. The meat they used was clearly real hamburger with a good beef flavor. The fries were just average and not worth $3. The shake was delicious but small.

Overall, it tasted good but was nothing special for the price. ~$14 for a single patty cheeseburger, fries, and modest size shake. I guess it tasted a little better than In-N-Out. But a double double, fries, and shake from In-N-Out costs about half the price of my meal at Shake Shack.笑
Came in on a Tuesday at 5;00-not too crowded the staff was pleasant and the place was clean. For a high calorie fried burger and French fry place I guess I would of expected slightly healthier options or better ingredients.  This just tasted like any other hamberger joint like whataburger, in and out etc.  honestly I'd still rather have 5 guys any day.  I had a crinkle cut fries and a chicken burger which were ok and a large drink for $13.12.  Won't be back unless in a pinch.笑
My taste buds didnt shake as much as the hype said they would. It was a good burger, not a huge fan of the fries. The shake, vanilla was good but chocolate wasn't anything spectacular. Possibly the hype created unrealistic expectations. It's comparable to a Smash but I would choose Smash over the Shack.笑
Place is  good, clean modern restaurant ,  although the girl who took our order seemed to be having a bad day, if u don't like your job she should just quit , stay home or something , I wasn't  feeling her facial expressions... Wasn't very helpful ... Stay home next time thanks笑
I always go to Shake Shack in every city I visit. I always get the Smoke Shack and cheese fries. Never disappoints!笑
Well, I have been waiting to try this place. Unfortunately, it was not worth the wait.  I thought that the food, especially for the price I paid would have been tastier. The atmosphere, with flood lights above - could use a design change. If you want to try shake shake, you might as well go to a fast food place, same quality 1/3 the price.笑
Disappointed again!  We tried this Shake Shack on the day it opened.  It was terrible.  Today we were out shopping and were hungry.  My sister had never been to s Shake Shack so we went.  It was 12:30 in the afternoon and there was no crowd.  That should have been a clue not to try this place again,  but we did anyway.  We ordered the basic hamburger and fries to go.  Mine was over cooked.  My sister's was under done with too much pink in the middle.  For the price we paid for such a simple meal we could have had a much better  meal at Hop Doddy.  I will not be back.笑
I am only rating shake shack with one star because there is no option for zero stars. This was my first time to any shake shack. SO NOT WORTH IT. The only reason we tried it was because we were picking up Lou Malnatti's pizza as a take out a few doors down and we had a long ride home. Thought it would be a 'tide me over' until we had pizza for supper. So overrated. Too expensive for such a small burger like the size of a White Castle slider. Ridiculous. Cashier was somewhat nice/rude. We had taken some change out of the car to use that was hanging around. Had told her exactly the correct amount of change. Bill was 12 something. Had three in coins, mostly quarters. She gave a rude look at the change, like, seriously? She then proceeded to tell a co-worker to put the change into her drawer. Why couldn't she do it???? Asked for fries well done, crispy, and hot. Brought food to table. Fries were cold and not crispy. ewwweeeee. While I had them re-make the fries, the burger got cold. Will never go back. Just don't understand the hype and excitement of this burger chain. If I am going to go out for a burger and to a chain, it's Five Guys all the way!笑
Went to shake shack with my two kids today. $41 bucks for three burgers, three small shakes and two fries. This isn't dining out it's fast food people. I could have taken them to In and Out twice for that amount. Not worth the price. This East coast joint will fizzle out.笑
We enjoyed the food and the vibe was good, Customer service was awesome. And they provide dog menu and treats... Pricey though. 30 bucks for 2 people.笑
Way overpriced hamburgers!

OK I've heard about it and I wanted to give them a try.
BUT!
It's ridiculous what they charge for a hamburger here.
Everything is a-la-carte

I'll keep with my favorite, In N Out Burger 
Half the price

I'm not impressed笑
Boo, hiss, not a fan at all. In fact, I want to save you and tell you to skip it. I am offering two stars because my teenage son did like the hotdog. My burger was greasy and disgusting, the fries were way over cooked, the shake was ok. The employees seemed disinterested in anything going on. I like the decor and the location but really, it's extremely expensive and not even almost as good as In and Out Burger and I don't even really like In and Out. I know this is staple from somewhere and the people of Phoenix were happy it came to town, but I gotta say, I'm not sure how long they can last. Too many good choices in that area to eat there.笑
First try with Shake Shack, and it will be our last. Horrible customer service. We placed our order on the Shake Shack app and arrived 5 minutes early for pick up. The crew behind the counter all but ignored us when we came in to pick up our food AND left half off the order completely out of the bag - we had to turn back around and spend an extra 20 minutes in the car because of their mistake. Tried calling (multiple times) on the way back to let them know what had happened, but no one ever picked up the phone. Don't order to-go from this location!


*UPDATE - to put the icing on the cake, the service girl behind the counter rolled her eyes at us when we asked her to remake the food so we could actually enjoy it.笑
Shake shack is a great quality burger. I loved how it tasted like. However, the price was a bit higher than I expected.

I got a single shack burger with the fries and a red velvet shake. The sizes were really small! I had to pay about 16 dollars for this. I enjoyed the meal so I give it a 3 star.

I still like in n out better though. LMAO笑
Don't believe the hype! What do people love about this place? the burger was small, the patty tiny and my bun was soaked in grease. Yuck!

There are so many good spots to get a burger in Phoenix and especially around this area, next time I will keep driving.笑
Good burgers. The service was very good.  The cheese was melted cheese wiz type. Fries . They serve coke... yay. The buns are really good.  Nice outside seating.笑
The line promised a good lunch. If all these people waiting must be good, right?  Had the chicken sandwich. Chicken was moist but breeding was greasy  for a $5 sandwich was small as well 

Fries are crinkle cut. Well seasoned but needed a few more minutes in the fryer to be crunchy.

Iced tea refill was free but had to ask for it.

Overall might go back for a burger but there are better options笑
I didn't expect to agree with the semi negative reviews here, but I do. A bit overpriced and the burger was not great. I didn't think it had a lot of taste and the meat seemed a tiny bit, sorry, but almost chewy. The crinkle fries are really good, crispy and salty. I cannot get the milkshake because I can't cheat on Sugar Bowl.笑
Overpriced for the quality of food.  Not impressed.  Burgers were more like sliders and the shakes are nothing special.  $13 for a small burger and small shake, no fries included.  Dairy Queen across the street would have been a better option.笑
I've been a fan of Shake Shack for awhile. When I lived in Chicago, the only place I could get it was while on vacation in NYC. I've waited in loooong lines in Madison Square Park for those burgers.

When it came to Chicago I was thrilled. And loved that the lines were shorter.

Now that I'm in Phoenix I love that there's one nearby and the no crazy lines. I'm not sure why I used to wait in those lines, I think it was a bit of hype. But I'm a fan and it's a good fast casual burger. The shakes are pricey, especially the special flavors, but they're tasty.

We come here at least once a month, the employees are always friendly and II'm glad to have it in the hood.笑
The first visit to the Shake Shack.  For 2 bacon cheeseburgers, 2 bacon cheese fries, a shake and a large soda was $37.20!!!!!  I didn't ask to buy the restaurant, just eat there.   The food was ok but my bacon on my burger was overcooked and very salty.  The fries were good but again very salty.   There is no beverage bar for refills and $2.80 for a large drink (medium size at McDonald's) is a bit much.  The shake of the week was $5.59. 

Overall, I don't think it lives up to the hype or price.笑
First visit there- we went at 2pm on a Sunday afternoon. Ok food and service. Not a good value - I'd rather eat at Zinburger or In and Out Burger. Probably a lot of the price is paying for the uptown plaza real estate. The camelshack concrete dessert was tasty.笑
Um, maybe it's a subconscious NY thing, but I prefer Shake Shack over In n' Out any day. Their burgers are full of flavor with crunchy vegetables and their buns don't get soggy. Their fries are crispy and always cooked perfectly (I can't stand soggy fries!). They also serve beer and malts (two other things you can't get at In n' Out). Shake Shack is a winner in my book. Oh, and if you see the bacon cheddar shack on the menu, get it, it's worth every calorie.笑
Insanely good burgers and shakes. Highly recommend it to anyone looking for a high quality burger. The fries are eh, comparable to Del Taco's. And their prices are very high but for the quality is worth it from time to time.笑
As others have said, they make a tastey burger. I had the Smoke Shack. The meat is good quality, the cheese, bacon and sauce were very good. The peppers made it next level however. The cheese fries were good and the service was good as well.
The prices...not good. $6.84 for a burger isn't a lot to ask, and while my Smoke Shack was very good, I think $4.99 is more reasonable. $24 for 2 burgers, 1 cheese fries and 2 cokes is somewhat disconcerting.
I'm close enough to walk here. And I'd like to frequent often. But it's not cost prohibitive. I understand that having a spot, never mind a marquee spot, in Uptown Plaza is pricey, but I'd think the lack of REAL competition (burger wise) in the immediate area would do well to drive business.
Bring the prices down and you'll see my daughter and I often. I think many would echo this sentiment. I hope people are listening. 3.5 stars笑
This was my first experience with Shake Shack. Today, I ordered the following:

'Shroom Burger
French Fries w/ Cheese
Small Coke
Total cost: $14

I arrived at 2:15pm, there was a small line and the eating area was about 70% full. I quickly ordered and waited about 10 minutes for my food to be prepared. The fries and cheese sauce were okay but luke warm. I would prefer both to be hot, especially the cheese sauce. The 'shroom burger was a little messy but tasted good. I think it is a little on the smaller side but did find it tasty. 

Ultimately, my meal cost about $14, that is a little high for fast food. I will probably be back at some point because I live close to this location and I want to try other items on their menu. That said, my first impression is that The Habit and The Stand provide better food at a better price.笑
Very disappointed - been to Shake Shack on numerous occasions on the east coast...but this one was awful! Employees were nice, restaurant was clean - but food was terrible and nothing like my previous experiences at other locations.笑
In a city like Phoenix, with such a powerhouse of a local food scene, its difficult for a chain from out of state to come in with the presence that Shake Shack did, so I'll give them that. The restaurant is beautiful and the service was very friendly.

We split the SmokeShack burger, a double, and the burger patties were so delicious with that smokey grilled goodness. A touch too much mayo.

I got a concrete. This is custard in a bowl mixed with various goodies. I built my own and got vanilla with cookie dough and fudge, they may as well add it to the menu because it's bomb.

Bryce got a vanilla shake. Good enough, I guess. They charge .50 for whipped cream. Seems a little criminal to me. 

Shake shack was a good stop for us, but we probably won't be back. There are too many better places that are local, and right in be same neighborhood.笑
Great burger and delicious fries! First time eating here and staff was friendly, helpful and accommodating. My son has a peanut allergy and they took special care to ensure no cross contamination between his food and the shake making area. They also made sure to change gloves before making his food. 

A little pricey, but delicious!笑
Like most people; I had to try the legendary Shake Shack.
Like most people; I had to see what the fuss was all about.
Like most people; I loved the food that I consumed.
Like most people; I just can't justify how much money I spent on what's essentially fast-food.

The burger is delicious. the quality of the beef and whatever other ingredients that are used to make the patty may be of a higher quality and freshness than you find at most upscale burger restaurants. It's also presented beautifully even if it is just wrapped in paper. The bun, lettuce and tomato are all the perfect size and taste to compliment the beef. The sauce is just alright. I'm not too sure what's in it, but it's heavily mayo-based, which remains the predominate flavor.

The shake is also incredible. Shake Shack doesn't just stick with the standard vanilla, chocolate and strawberry options. There is a pretty solid variety of unique flavors. Once I saw salted caramel on the menu, I had to try it. I was not disappointed. Not into shakes? There's beer, wine, and plenty of unique soft drinks to choose from.

The ultra modern ambiance makes for a nice dining experience. The wood tables made form refurbished bowling alley floors are a nice touch. The three flat screens playing sports and news make for a nice distraction if you need something to look at. And the patio looked like a nice spot to dine as well. The restaurant was also spotless despite a pretty sizable crowd at 9:30 on a Sunday night. And if you're wondering, it took about 10 minutes from when I ordered, to when the buzzer went off to get my food at the counter.

So, why just three stars? The price. I don't mind paying good money for good food, but I paid nearly $12.00 for the single patty burger and a shake. No fries or other sides. While not overly expensive, and certainly a filling meal, I could have had more food at a lower price at other quick-service restaurants. I also could pay just a few bucks more and get full-service at many other places. If there was a location closer to my home, I would happily treat myself to a meal there every few months. But since there is only this spot, and the one in Scottsdale, I can't justify going out of the way to grab a burger here. Shake Shack is good. Just not that good.笑
Fries awesome ! Shakes yummy! Burgers nasty! My burger was not cooked! If you like your burgers pink go for it otherwise there are plenty of other burger places.笑
Friendly staff.  We just had shakes and no food.  Yummy shakes.  Glad I stopped in to check out this place.  Thanks笑
We live in the neighborhood and have been here a few times! Food is delicious. The last time we came here we unintentionally were difficult picky customers and Gabby was super helpful and sweet and we walked away saying wow, now that was customer service. Thank you so much, we will continue to visit!笑
For all the hype it was an okay meal at best. The burger was ordinary and the french fries were okay but the cheese sauce was really great. Shakes were okay but for the hype and word that I got from Back East about Shake Shack I was a little underwhelmed overall笑
Our first visit here. Been wanting to try for a while. Staff was super nice to let us sneak in and order right at 10 pm when they could have said they were closed. Thank you!! Agree with other reviewers who said it was over prices for the amount of food. I love the quality of the ingredients but our burgers came out kind of squashed on their buns and with scant toppings. Just looked like a McDonalds quarter pounder. A bit salty too but cooked well and served hot. Fries were good. Got a black and white shake that was great but small for the price. I'd love it if they would add a turkey burger as I'm always searching for spots that serve a good one. I'm not sure we will come out of our way to eat here again, we'll see.笑
Everything was okay.  Deco was great but we were not there to eat the deco.  Sizes were rather small (I need second lunch!)  It just made me realize what a great job IN n Out burger does to deliver quality food at reasonable price.  I bet Shake Shack success is partly due to lack of In N Out Burger in NYC.
I wouldn't be back, for this kind of price point there are better options in the area that are locally owned.笑
I'll start off by giving props to the presentation and customer service. But I was highly disappointed in the quality of food I received for the price I paid. My pink lemonade was disgusting. Which I'm open to giving it a second try for benefit of the doubt, but never the less was not at all enjoyable. My rather expensive, yet surprisingly small burger, although great presentation, lacked flavor. And as for the crinkle fries, let's just say Culver's has them beat. Overall, I'm very disappointed in the taste of the food I purchased.笑
Super overpriced! Small portions and my fries where kinda soggy and unappetizing. I would not go there again笑
I would have to say this place is okay at best for me at least I had the burger and mushroom the fried mushroom with cheese in it was very overpowering that's all you can taste couldn't really taste the meat but them together was below average for a burger the fries were just ok kind of soggy also I had a lemonade not very good either they said it was fresh made I don't think so  service was grate explained what they where about I'll give them one more go笑
I think I'm over the Shroom burger, but I give the service, cheese fries, and custard all the stars. This location is nice and open, easy to get to and plenty of parking.  I'm still waiting for the Kierland location to open near my house, but this one is central to many who live and work downtown. Short wait for your food, check them out.笑
I was excited to check out the new Shake Shack in Phoenix and was craving a burger and fries!  I had only eaten at a Shake Shack back East, so excited to see their growth in the Valley.  We stopped in on a Saturday afternoon around 4pm and it was surprisingly busy especially for as hot as it was outside.  The staff was very friendly and welcoming, the food came out quickly and I enjoyed my meal.  The cheeseburger and crinkle cut fries were quite tasty and definitely a splurge as they are packed full of calories and fat!  Next time, I'll try a shake...couldn't indulge in all of those calories at one time!笑
Enjoyed our meal here. I went with the single cheddar and hubby did the double cheddar. Both were cooked to order and very tasty. We shared an order of fries with the cheese on the side to dip. Fries were just the right texture and also had the perfect amount of seasoning. We did not order any drinks. It was good but I am not sure it would be something I would crave and have to come back to.笑
More like shit shack.  Staff was really nice but we spent twice as much than at in n out and the fries were from a frozen bag.  Also I ended up in the hospital for a week after eating here due to a stomach infection.笑
My wife and I and our two boys went to Shake shack for the first time tonight. I had heard a lot about it on the radio because I listen to talk radio that's based in New York City and they rave about Shake shack all the time. So when when we were driving up Central to go to get some tacos and we saw that Shake shack was now open we were pretty excited.  We got lucky because when we got there there was no line but it filled up quickly. We ordered on the staff was friendly and the food came out fairly quickly. The burgers were hot, cheese was melty, and the fries were perfect crinkle cut fries.  It lived up to all the hype plus one of the girls working there (Emma) was so nice and telling us all about the shakes and even brought us a sample of their new pretzel flavor.  She was so nice and another reason we can't wait to go back笑
One star, this place is extremely hyped! 
Pulled up thinking I was going to have an amazing meal. The food was so damn salty. I mean sodium levels were off the charts! For $20 I would expect an amazing burger and fries with no flaws. 
The east coast can have shake shack back!笑
I just went here for the first time after reading the mediocre Yelp reviews, but hearing good things.  I ordered a double cheeseburger with all the veggies.  It was surprisingly delicious.  The meat and cheese was very flavorful and oozed with tasty grease.  I would have to say it's better than 5 Guys, the most obvious direct competitor.  (In N Out is half the price for a similarly tasty burger, so that probably gets the nod.)

I didn't order any fries or shake so I can't speak to those, but the burger was excellent.笑
Updating a previous review. I must have caught them on off nights the first couple times because our third visit was a great success. Food was good (I had the smoke house) and the customer service had improved big time. Will most likely be back.笑
2 double burgers, 2 orders of fries (a la carte) 1 med Coke, $35.00. Burgers were small, bun was nasty, taste was below average. Can find much better quality, price and quantity in many other restaurants close by.笑
(Update)

Two words: Cheese Fries

I'm not the biggest fan of Crinkle Cut fries, however, Shake Shack has a killer cheese sauce. The cheese actually tastes of cheddar, instead of the American Slices or Velveeta stuff. Shake Shack isn't fast food, so don't expect fast food quality here. Yum!笑
Small size burger for price you pay. McDonald's size burger at NY prices.
Shack Stack, burger with mushroom for $9.59, burgers taste good but when you compare the prices of the gourmet burger restaurants, I would not come to shack shack.

The Shack Stack burger comes with a beef patty and a portabello mushroom that is slightly breaded and the size of the burger patty.

Food is tasty and fresh, qauntity and price are the down fall笑
The service I have gotten at Shake Shack has always been mixed. I've visited them in Boston, Chicago and now Phoenix and have had good experiences and some pretty mediocre ones. Shake Shack got their start in 2004 in NYC and has expanded to over 130 stores in under 15 years. Sometimes when these restaurants explode like that they lose some of the qualities that originally made them so great. I actually had a nice evening at this location. This Shake Shack is in the Phoenix Uptown Plaza which is becoming a little mini foodie paradise with all the killer eats moving in. I went with my go-to item the SmokeStack burger. You can't go wrong with a burger topped with cherry pepper relish and applewood smoked bacon. I love the crinkle fries and got them with melted cheese but felt it really didn't make it any more special. The big complaint about SS has always been the prices. Just recently in the past ten years it became the norm to charge $7 to $10 for a burger at some of these new burger joints. I've learned to just accept it. Shake Shack makes a killer burger and the shakes are pretty amazing too. Tonight I got great customer service and lots of welcoming smiles from the employees. So hats off to this location for putting Shake Shack back on my good side.笑
Okay so my first experience: let's talk about the pros
The restaurant was clean, beautifully decorated, and the staff were all using gloves. 
The service was professional and nice 

Now the cons: 
I paid 27.00 for one large drink, a shack stack burger, a BBQ burger, and one cheese fries. 
I did not like the shack stack burger, it had a cheeseburger as well as a deep fried portobello muchroom stuffed with 2 types of cheese. Should of known the burger was going to be cheesy. So I switched it out for the burger with red pepper and it wasn't that great either. The problem with the burgers are is that the ingredients don't have a balance. The first one was too cheesy the second one tasted too vinegary from the peppers. The size of burgers were tiny? They are too pricy for the portion. I was not impressed by the food, only the atmosphere.笑
We had been looking forward to trying Shake Shack but I must tell you I'm not disappointed in the food just the portions and the pricing.
I don't think $33 for two hamburgers, two milkshakes and a soft drink is a good value. Don't get me wrong, the food was fine but I feel the prices are too high when you can get just as good quality at half the price at In-n-Out.笑
If you're looking a quick good burger shake shake is your place to go. Make sure you get the cheese sauce If you're getting fries笑
Usually don't try places that are three stars, but have been curious about this one. Went for dessert and had a root beer float and black & white shake. Thought it was going to be Oreo, but it was vanilla custard with fudge sauce mixed in. Tasted the chocolate custard and wasn't a fan. It was more like chocolate Italian ice, which is probably the only chocolate thing I don't like. Shake and float were okay. Nothing to write home about. Staff was friendly, though, so that's a plus.笑
With all of the hype about Shake Shack, I had to give it a try for myself. 

Very nice location at Central and Camelback, the work they did to change this retail space is quite impressive. It's beautiful in fact. More importantly lots of seating inside and some outside. 

Okay, let's get to the real reason I was there. The burgers!  At first I was discouraged by the prices. 
I had the Shack burger with cheese $5.29 and cheese fries $3.99. I had heard great things about the shakes, so I just had to splurge and order one, peanut butter, $5.29. So as you can see, with tax I was over $15.00. A lot for a fast food joint!

I took a seat and my number was called shortly. Presentation was great. Though the burger looked  small, it was well put together. The shake too was in a small cup. 

Ready? It is probably one of the best fast food burgers I have ever had. Flavor was amazing! Their special sauce is quite good. Best of all, they use a potato bun which makes a huge different. 
The crinkle cut fries were also great especially covered in hot cheese sauce. 

My peanut butter shake was soooo good. It turned out to be just the right size as it was very rich. 

In the end Shake Shack is worth it. My only complaint would be the burger size, I could have eaten two, but it's hard to justify getting another at $5.29. 

Enjoy!笑
Not sure what the hub bub is all about. Smallest, most expensive burger I have ever had. Camel Shack concrete was Way Overly salty. Felt good that 5% went to benefit the kids at the Children's Hospital.笑
We will go back to Shake Shack for sure! Great "feel" and will look forward to having a few beers next time- I was surprised they served them! We ordered a double burger and chicken sandwich and shared an order of fries.  Everything tasted great and we left very satisfied.  We were going to get a shake on our way out the door but the line was too long so we have to return!  Better quality burger than five guys, smashburger or the habit... Not as good as switch or fez (but about the same price).笑
UPDATE: I want to thank Shake Shack for reaching out to me after my first visit; they really do want to make sure everyone that comes through their doors has a great dining experience!

I decided to give the same Shake Shack location another try, especially with the day having better conditions. This time, I went with the Shack Stack burger (cheeseburger & Shroom burger) as well as their seasonal BBQ Bacon Cheese Fries; I was anything but disappointed his time around!

The burger had some seriously gooey (and Hot!) Cheese, which was just phenomenal. The fries were simply Divine with the mixture of the bacon and choice of cheese. This was no mere canned cheese from Smart & Final (big ups to S&F, though)..!

The cement and shakes will have to wait for next time, but there deffo will be a next time now!

So, yes.. I will admit my script got flipped compared to the initial review. But let it be known I still hate In N Out, as a Native Californian!笑
I was looking forward to a gluten free mushroom burger as I have an allergy to gluten. My boyfriend purchased our meals without issues, then either the manager or a cook came out and told my boyfriend that the mushroom was coated with bread crumbs: the associate didn't inform my boyfriend of this.
My boyfriend requested to cancel the order with a refund to which the staff (who was visible based on the layout of the restaurant) mocked my boyfriend, laughed at him and rolled their eyes.
No one apologized even as my boyfriend mentioned he could clearly see the disrespect of the staff.笑
Me and the kids wanted to try the shake shack due to the hype. We loved the crinkle cut fries and even added cheese which I haven't had for many year since they closed Ed Debevics.  (Yes I'm a Phoenix native).  I am actually NOT a fan of In N Out burger due to the extremely small size of their patties. So, I wasn't that surprised when I realized that Shake Shack has small hamburger patties as well. I do like the very soft buttery hamburger buns. And I appreciate the self-serve water spout they offer because we do need water in this hot AZ weather and I appreciate being able to serve myself rather than ask for a cup of water. Just sayin'
In closing, I do like the shake shack and will be back but the pricing is a little much considering I could go to jack in the box and basically get the same thing probably for less money.笑
This place has a friendly atmosphere and is pet friendly. The shakes are good and fries are delicious. The reason. For my 3 stars and not 5 are the burgers. The smoke shack burger had an overwhelming vinegar taste and the shack burger was bland. I came in here with an unbiased attitude because in n out dominates the west coast but shake shack doesn't compare to the awesomeness that is in n out. Shake shack is also overpriced compared to in n out. Sorry not sorry.笑
I have been waiting months for this place to finally open because I've always heard great things about it. It did not disappoint. I got there right before they opened as I knew there would be a line (sure enough there was). They handed us menus while we waited and offered water while sitting, waiting for my food. Great customer service! I ordered the SmokeShack and regular fries (want to try the cheese fries and concretes next time). The burger was absolutely delicious!! The cheese was perfectly melted, the peppers were an added pop of flavor and the bacon of course was just great. I would have liked some lettuce added and the buns to be more toasted but I know to request it next time. I'm usually not a fan of crinkle cut fries (reminds me of elementary school) but these were very good. I imagine the cheese fries will be just amazing. I can't wait to return and try a concrete also! I love that they serve beer and wine as well as offering chicken. Great place, great service, great food. They have plenty of space indoors and outdoors and have long wooden tables to fit many guests. Must try! Thank you Shake Shack for coming to Phoenix!!笑
I finally made it to Shake Shack! I took my brother and husband last night. Non of us had tried Shake Shack before so I was excited to get a variety of things. After seeing the photo's of the chicken sandwich I was able to convinced my brother to share a burger and the chicken sandwich with me. My husband got the SmokeShack Double Cheeseburger, comes topped with all-natural Applewood smoked bacon, chopped cherry pepper, and ShackSauce. . It was gone in less than 10 seconds. He loved it. My brother and I split the ShackBurger Double Cheeseburger topped with lettuce, tomato, and ShackSauce. Along with the Chick'n Shack - Crispy Chicken Breast with lettuce, pickles, and buttermilk herb mayo. As for the burger, it was so flavorful and juicy. Something about this burger patty just explodes with flavor. Top that off with that liquid gold cheese.... one of the best burgers I have ever had. My brother's eye's rolled back in to his head at his first AND second bite. He said it was the best burger he had ever tasted. And yes. The Chicken sandwich was awesome as well. Thick, juicy, crunchy, and fresh. So glad I tried it. We also got 3 French Fries, including one with cheese. I recommend you get one with out cheese. Its delicious but after having it on my burger I was happy to get a little break from it with some of the plain French Fries. My husband had one of their shakes and he said it was very rich but he liked it! 

It was really good all in all. Was it a little pricey? Yes! But I knew that coming in. I would also say that you are getting what you pay for. Quality food.笑
I've been hearing so much hype about Shake Shack for well over a year from the time that they announced that they were coming to the Phoenix metro area until I finally had the stars align correctly so that I can try this place. 

I had a Shack Burger and a Shack Shake for $11.49. After all, I had to try their signature items to write a proper Yelp review. I thought the seating was awkward since there were many tables lined up together along with over sized booths but little consideration for couples or single diners. The sun setting in the West is blazing into the restaurant during the dinner hours. How about some screen to block those rays? Or at least sell some sunscreen to the tourists and first timers.

Okay, I know some people might not enjoy my rant about the setup so I'll move on to the food part. The burger was mediocre or pedestrian at best. IMO, Smashburger and In-N-Out Burger are superior alternatives as far as taste and price point. The shake was just okay for me but really fell short of expectations.

So in summary, Shake Shack over promised and under delivered in my opinion.笑
The food is...decent, but not worth the money. We paid almost $30 for two burgers which were just bigger than a slider, cheese fries and two small drinks. I live in this area so I know it's not exactly cheap, but I could have gone to a sit down restaurant with better food and paid the same amount of money, so I would agree with the other reviews to not buy into the hype but it's worth a try...just make sure you save your pennies to be able to eat here and be prepared to still leave a little hungry.笑
Restaurant is very well run and nice. 

Not sure if I am just over shake shack or what but. Just not as in to the burger here as I was in DC.  Just doesn't compare for me to in and out or other burgers I have had. 

Love the fires though if you are in to old school crinkle. Best you can get!笑
Shack sauce: 10/10 would definitely recommend. 

The burgers are really good and come with lots of different options. I have had the regular shake shack burger the first time I went but this time I had the Smokeshack and it is my new favorite. It came with bacon, cherry peppers, and the infamous shack sauce. 

The crinkle cut fries and really well done and I would also recommend the peanut butter shake.

As an added bonus, they have gluten free buns for those with an allergy.笑
This place is amazing the chicken sandwich and shack cheeseburger was delicious !!! It exceeded our expectations! 

the only thing I would change is being able to make meals here at the shake shack you have to order everything separate (fries,drinks,burger) which makes it more expensive!

You have to get the cheese fries they are the best! 

Definitely will be going back !笑
I've been waiting so so so so LONG to try a Shake Shack. Every city I've been too, the lines were so long and I wasn't going to deal. Saturday we went to the PHX museum. We were looking for a place to eat after, started driving and my husband saw the restaurant and it was just starting to fill up for the lunch crowd based on the parking lot. We got in and the line was barely a line, but I did notice all the tables were almost full. I sent my son to find a table and he did.

We ordered 1 ShackBurger Double (Cheeseburger topped with lettuce, tomato, ShackSauce), 1 Hamburger Double with all-natural applewood smoked bacon, 1 ShackBurger Double (Cheeseburger topped with lettuce, ShackSauce and bacon), 2 Fries, 1 Chocolate Milkshake, and 1 Beer all for $40

After our pick up order buzzer went off, we picked up our meal, one of the burgers were missing so we had to wait, the beer was missing and so was an order of fries, plus the burger that was missing came with 1 patty after we paid for 2, by then we were so frustrated... not happy. Finally we got everything we ordered. We took a vote, Burgers were OK maybe they forgot the ShackSauce or something but I had to go get ketchup to add some flavor. Fries were good. Milkshake was good.

I'm finally glad I was able to try a Shake Shack to find out what all the HYPE is about which I still don't know why... and the icing on the cake is since this was the only meal I ate that day I had food poisoning from my burger all night.笑
Not really sure what the BFD is with the Shake Shack. I went to the Shake Shack with family and we shared many items. I tried their insane double decker burger that consists of a fried cheese filled mushroom burger, a cheeseburger patty.... and we had to add bacon, of course. It was alright, but for the calorie count, I would expect it to be bigger. I tried the chicago dog, which was legit, and I would order that again. The cheese fries were covered in gloopy cheese sauce... no thanks. The desserts were good, but.... come on.... it's ice cream... can't be bad. Would I go back to shake shack? Sure... but it isn't anything mind blowing.笑
I was so excited to check out this place but I feel the prices were a little bit high. The milkshakes were delicious but there is only one size. I feel they should offer different sizes so if you want more, you can get more. The burgers were pretty good ingredients but it didn't wow me. I loved the cheese fries since they didn't use a weird nacho cheese sauce. 

The atmosphere in the restaurant was pretty laid back and the overall architecture is nice. One problem I did have was that there was so much sunlight reflecting in off of the cars outside that it came in through all the windows. I would suggest adding some sort of screen that can be pulled down during the day. 

Other than that, this place was ok. It's better than Mcdonald's but I feel other burger places such as Smashburger have a little more to offer for the price.笑
I love the taste of the burger and crinkle cut fries and I appreciate that shake shack uses all fresh and responsibly raised ingredients.

However, I find it to be way overpriced and I don't see the value in it. A double cheeseburger is over $8 and fries and/or drinks aren't included in the price. 

I wish they would have a happy hour...that would definitely get me in the door.笑
So yummy, I always go when I'm in NY. I've been to the one in WEHO and that one is always busy. I was surprised when they built one in Phx. We went early afternoon on a Saturday, was pretty dead which was awesome. Got the usual, fries and a shack burger. It was amazing as usual. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. I am in a wheel chair due to a broke ankle and a worker offered to take our buzzard and pick up and deliver our food. She even gave us ketchup. Super nice and didn't have to do that. I definitely recommend this place and I'm happy it's close to my parents house so I can indulge when I come to Phx to visit!!!笑
Hamburgers are amazing..worth the wait, generous soda refill policy..they give a new cup each time.笑
The child had a burger, fries, and a shake and I had a double with fries and a drink. The buns complimented the burger and the fries were cooked perfectly. The child was a little let down by the shake, but will try a different one the next time. I would eat here again. While everything was hot and fresh and tasted great, I've never paid $10 for a burger. This will definitely be a treat more so than a staple of eating out. Definitely worth it on those occasions, though.笑
Two words: SHIT shack
 It was extremely expensive and the food was crap. Blend your shakes more losers!笑
Good food but overpriced. I agree with others that in out burger is a much better value and food that is just as good.笑
Shackburger - double: very greazy!
Fries: pretty good
Iced Tea: pretty good
When the orders were ready for our group, they forgot a couple items and it wasn't even busy. 
I give one star because i think the burger was way too greazy, the second star is for the person who walked around the dining area several times to make sure everyone at each table was doing alright and asked if they needed anything. although we did ask to refill two cups. they brought the refills to us, but they forgot what was in each drink. and of course, the two people ended up with the wrong drink and had to swap.
We'll be sticking with In-N-Out :)笑
Everything we ordered was pretty good. I really liked the chicken sandwich, the double bacon cheeseburger and the cheese fries. The strawberry shake was simple and delicious. The staff was helpful and friendly. I will definitely be back.笑
This place sucked. The burger was small and disgusting, they even screwed up the chocolate shake. For the amount of money they charge you would expect it to be much better. I could've got a better meal at DQ across the street! I wish I had two
extra hands so I could give this place 4 thumbs down.笑
Got the chicken sandwich which tasted great but was a bit greasy ( it is deep fried after all)! My son got the double cheeseburger which looked amazing and he said it was great! He also got a chocolate shake that was so so! I will come back to get a burger - staff was great and atmosphere is nice.
Oh the fries are not that good!笑
Nice environment,but the food wasn't that great. Paid $6.00 for a burger (not including drinks or fries).  Very bland I must say. The if this is your first time I highly suggest to get a chicken sandwich instead otherwise you'll be disappointed.  Also, try out the BBQ bacon burger! That burger is really good.笑
Glad I came but don't NEED to come back. Loved the fries and the burger was great but small. Good location but I won't be craving anything.笑
You couldn't pay me $30.00 to eat here again...which is how much it costs for the following: bland not special fries (also cold); I could make a better milkshake at home in my vitamix (which we're assuming I own for the purposes of this review); burger might be good without that disgusting wonderbread bun; chicken sandwich decent. #dissapointed笑
The only reasons for the loss of the star would be the small Patty size and the price. Those are the only things I can point to as a critique. Did I  feel ripped off? No! Would I return considering the price? Yes!

We spent almost $40 for 3 burgers, 2 fries, 3 drinks,  and a shake  And it was Amazing!  Worth every penny.  This is not your average burger, nor your average service.  The employees actually listened, and were friendly.  The concern for our experience was shown by the front counter, the person who handed us the order, and the manager who checked on us. 

It is a rare place today where they work so hard to put out a great product, smile, and make sure everything is perfect. I will pay for that!  Anytime.笑
Decent sandwiches and seems like the new hip place.  I was expecting gourmet burgers and gigantic shakes but it just didn't materialize.  I had the breaded chicken sandwich which came with the signature sauce.  The sandwich was smaller than I was expecting and the flavor didn't wow me.  This place works in a pinch, but there are other places that I would check out first in that area for a burger or a sandwich.笑
Still 3 stars. 

Came ahead of what - presumably - is going to be a Friday-night dinner-rush. No line. A few occupied tables. Many of which, it turns out, had diners waiting for their meals. 10 minute ticket time. Not bad. But, even though cooked to order, seems slower than it could be. Actually much better than my first experience. But, there was a long line that time.

The place is spotless which cannot be overstated. Too many fast food "restaurants" that are far from clean. Friendly staff. Time to lean? Yup. Time to clean! They were on it. Their self-serve condiment bar was fully stocked. The dining area and what I could see of the kitchen were clean, too.

I had a single ShackBurger and small fries. $9. Not cheap! But, OK. And, here's why: the burger had a nice grill flavor and was cooked medium rare. Fresh lettuce and a tasty slice of tomato. I don't like what they use for cheese - it reminds me of melted Velveta. Not usually a fan of crinkle fries for a lot of reasons. These were OK, though. Good amount of salt. Good amount of crispiness. And, the oil used was clean. But, crinkle fries fall apart easily IMO. These were no exception.

I'm not a fan of custard in any form. So I skipped the shake, the Concrete and the whatever else. It's an east coast thing. I get it. I'm Surf City, dude. Gimmee ice cream. The higher the butter fat, the happier I am. Skipping this cut my ticket cost nearly in half.

Not sure I'd come back if there was a line. I'll be back but it won't be a priority lunch stop, either. I see this more for lunch than dinner. So, for me, though I like a brew with a burger, that's not happening for lunch.

I hope they find a following of Raving Fans to support them. Uptown deserves this kind of boost. So, NYC to PHX: time to represent.笑
A few years back, during a 2 week trip back East, me and my buddy hit up 2 different Shake Shacks.  We hit up one in Washington DC and another one in Philadelphia, PA.  At the time, I had never been to one before.  Once I sampled it, I thought it was one of the best fast food burgers I had ever tried and couldn't wait to try another one.  Everything was pretty much perfect!  The only thing I didn't really like was the price.  They do use great, high quality ingredients, but you definitely pay for it.  Better bring a $20.00 bill and expect maybe a few bucks back.  Anyways.......on to present day.

I had heard rumors that Shake Shack was going to open 2 locations in the Phoenix area (About damn time!) in early 2016.  They opened their first restaurant a few weeks back, and were just about ready to open this one here at Uptown Plaza.  I had sent Shake Shack an email asking about when they were opening and if they had any "sneak peek" type days where a person could come in and try their food.  They emailed me back and told me about the "Friends and Family Day" and invited me down to try out some of their food a day before they opened to the public.  I drove down, checked in, was handed a menu and then placed my order for my meal.  They gave you the choice of 2 "hot items" and one drink/dessert.  I went with a single cheeseburger, an order of cheese fries, and a "CamelShack" concrete.  I gave the lady my menu, was handed my buzzer and went to grab a seat (cool building btw...open space, modern, couple of flat screens playing basketball, plus a nice outdoor patio seating area).  My food took about 10 minutes or so and here is how it was...................

Single Shack Cheeseburger-  I was a little confused when I ordered my burger.  At my previous visits, I ordered a Double Shack Cheeseburger and a Double Smoke Shack Burger and they came with everything on them (lettuce, tomato, sauce etc).  I asked her if I could get light on the shack sauce, and she replied, "I could make my burger any way I wanted."  I took that to mean I could remove the ingredients that automatically came on it.  So I told her just plain, no sauce.  What I got was a plain cheeseburger.  Bun, meat and cheese.  I was not mad though...I love plain cheeseburgers and sometimes less is better.  (Shake Shack does use good produce though!).  I bit into my burger and noticed that it was just kind of warm.  Not piping hot, not cold, just warm.  It was cooked more towards well done, but it was still juicy and moist.  The cheese was melted nicely, and then bun is flat out awesome.  Shake Shack buns are the best!  Super soft, pillowy, with a great texture...I love them.  Best fast food buns out there!  The burger was ok but I would have liked it hotter, and if I was buying it myself, I would have went with a double (A double was not an option on the friends and family menu).  3 stars for the burger.

Cheese Fries- On past visits, I raved on how much I loved the cheese fries.  They use a great cheese sauce and cover a pile of crinkle cut fries with this delicious sauce.  Today, the cheese sauce was just as good as I had remembered!  The fries though...meh.  They weren't that great.  They seemed a little bit stale and weren't that crisp (even ones without cheese sauce, so I know it wasn't due to the cheese sauce).  I ate them all because of the cheese sauce.  If they were just a plain order of fries, I would have been disappointed.  3 stars for the fries.

CamelShack Concrete-  Wow!  The best!  Super impressed with this one!  I am a sucker for ice cream and sweets, so this was right up my alley.  Its vanilla custard, salted caramel sauce, and a slice of The Bakery Phx banana cream pie smashed in there.  It was awesome!  The custard was rich and creamy, the salted caramel sauce provided a nice sweetness, and the chunks of bananas and pie crust pieces really tied it together.  This particular dessert is also beneficial to others in the city of Phoenix, too.  Shake Shack donates 5% of their proceeds from this dessert to charity in the Phoenix area.  Good job, Shake Shack!  5 stars for the CamelShack!

I finished my meal and was outta there!  Overall, it was not nearly as good as my first 2 encounters at a Shake Shack.  It was their first day though, so they may need to work through some kinks.  I do appreciate the hell out of the invite down here,  and the free lunch!  Saying that, if I had to pay $15.00 for this lunch, and if this was my first time ever at a Shake Shack, I would have left a little disappointed and probably wouldn't be fixing to come back anytime soon.  Because I know how good their food can be though, I will be back in due time to see if this Shack can become as good as the others before it!  I'm sure it can get up 4 to 5 star territory!  Welcome to Phoenix, Shake Shack!笑
I came back after some coaxing from the customer service team. This time I had the chicken sandwich and fries. It was an OK size, but it was tasty. The fries were good as always. I just have to say the size and the price just don't add up. Almost $7 for a small chicken sandwich. If only they would just serve bigger portions, I would become a fan of  this place. I was on the phone and they brought my meal to me which was very nice. Customer service was good.笑
Nom Nom Nom Nom!!! Get in my belly!
There is something the the Shake Shack is doing right for them to get such a long line of customers waiting to get their hands on their burgers. I believe its their secret shake shak sauce. I've never tasted anything like it. The burger was perfectly cooked and seasoned served on a warm and toasted bun. The best part is the sauce. 
If you do not believe me then TRY IT. I still dream of it.

This location has become our office lunch staple.笑
I had high expectations based on the hype from my east coast l friends. It was ok. mediocre and unimpressive. The curly fries reminded me of those I'd get at the high school cafeteria. I loved those back then but is that the bar to set for fries? 

The hamburger was teeny tiny. It was the mushroom burger and for $6.99 I'd think it should have more substance than a small McDonalds hamburger. 

Maybe the shakes are the appeal. It is called Shake Shake after all. 

And yes, as many have said In 'n Out is not only a more substantial meal - it is a better one.笑
YUCK pretty much sums up what I thought of this place. Can we rename it Shit Shack? That's what it should be called. 
My friend and I got the shack burger, fries, and a drink. Total was almost $12 (this is how much I pay for a burger at Delux, which is wayyyy better and gourmet). At that point I wasn't bothered by the cost. We took a seat outside and our buzzer went off. 
The burger is TINY. It's almost like a slider. I took a bite of the burger and was extremely underwhelmed. So I took another bite and another and nothing. It was gross. The drink was a small...but this drink was also tiny! The fries were just whatever. They tasted like regular frozen fries. So disappointing. 

The restaurant itself is nice. Service is ok. Not only is it not worth $12 but I wouldn't even pay $6. I'll stick to In-N-Out.笑
Takes just like the shake shack in New York! My favorite burgers. Very flavorful burgers and cheese fries are a MUST!!!笑
Nothing special about the burgers. They weren't bad but they didn't blow my taste buds out the water! I can get the same satisfaction, if not a little more, for half the price at other local burger joints! Needless to say that will be my one and only visit!笑
Food was very good and the orders came out right. It is a bit pricey at $45 for 3 regular burgers, a hot dog, 2 shakes, 2 small sodas & 2 fries. There are free refills on your soda, but you need to take your cup up to where you order to ask for a refill. We will come back, just not very often due to price point.笑
I had a burger and cheese fries. The cheese fries looked sad. In my opinion not much cheese to be considered cheese fries. But the regular shack burger is really good. You can taste the quality in the beef. The place is brand new so I will be coming back to have another burger and cheese fries. All in all it's worth a shot if you want a tasty burger.笑
I see them popping up everywhere and had to try as I've heard some hype.
Walked in and liked the atmosphere.
the menu looked fun but I couldn't find a special burger?
I got the hamburger with shack sauce?
Peanut Butter shake and crinkle fries.
My hubby got some bacon double double and a shake.
No special condiments, just ketchup and mustard and a Louisiana hot sauce on the condiment bar.

When our buzzer buzzed and we got our tray, I didn't see anything special. The shakes were small and 5.29 for one?
My hubby's double double was almost 10$.

I pay for good food but I really didn't get anything good here.
Just a scrawny hamburger  (I'm sure the meat is better than other places) and the fries tasted like ore Ida fries you made as a kid at home.
Peanut Butter shake was good as the girl told me it has custard in it. They do sell alcohol here and have sports playing on the tvs.
Nice atmosphere and concept but not worth the 30$ we paid for 2 hamburgers, fries and small shakes.
Disappointed.笑
Literally twice as expensive as In-and-Out for a double burger, fries and a soda. The burger was no better, and to be honest I found it to be less desirable. Frozen, crinkle cut fries and yet 14.00 plus tax for what you can get for a little under 7.00 at my still favorite In-and-Out. What a joke. Well, I tried it once and that is that.笑
Excellent quality, great atmosphere, delicious food. Get the cheese sauce for you fries!笑
Good burger and fries, though not as good as the Habit.  Also $5 more than the Habit for the same order. Definitely a choice for millenials.笑
I was disappointed in the quality of the food here. The restaurant itself looks very modern, clean, and has trendy decor for a fast-food joint. I was hoping for a more upscale fast-food burger place. Chicken sandwich was over-fried (breading was dark brown) and soaked in grease. Chicken dog was blah, just a plain-looking dog on a bun, no frills, also no flavor. The hamburger was the best looking one of the three items we got, but was small and somewhat greasy. No special flavoring or pizzazz on the burger. It was ok. The only side available were fries, with or without cheese. They were the crinkle-cut ones you get frozen at the grocery store. I wish there was as much quality and variety in the food as there is in the custard, shakes, and drinks. I'd come back for frozen treats, not food. 
4 stars for desserts
2 stars for burgers
1/2 star for chicken sandwich and the fries笑
It's really greasy and over priced! Not worth it! I will not go back! We had two burgers and fries and it was 30 I don't mind dishing out the money if the food is good. This was a big let down not even the shake was good!笑
I have this friend from New York........ So I go to the shack, no one waiting the place is empty at 2:30 on a Friday. I'm a virgin; I let them know this. Were they anxious to give me suggestions or explain the offerings at all: NOPE! The employees couldn't be less interested in selling anything. In fact the mood was as if I was bothering them. I certainly missed out on some workweek hijinks from the very personal conversations that were taking place. Off to a shaky start, pun intended. Whenever I inquired how is this burger or how is that shake; the standard it's good was replied. I decide to be a purest and go for an original Shackburger, cooked Medium. Fries and the Salted Caramel shake. 

While waiting for you food I noticed the décor which is fun and trendy. There is a fixin's bar with ketchup, mustard, hot sauce, salt and pepper you get the idea. I grab the things I want and have a seat. 

$5.29 The burger a single patty seemed about 3 to 4 ounces, prepared correctly but NO flavor. I added salt and pepper it was less bland. It is very small for the price. The bun was nice and soft it actually had more flavor than the beef. 

$2.99 The fries, let my preface this with I love crinkle cut fries, these were not my fav. In my opinion they weren't even as good as Del Taco's. I don't use much salt but these were in dire need of salting! They were on the hard side as well perhaps over cooked a bit. Which again I normally like but these fell flat. Nothing exciting, small portion and over priced. 

$5.29 The shake was the worst part of my meal, it was so sweet I could not drink it! It tasted like a third of this very small cup was pure caramel. I thought if I mix it up more it will get better and that didn't help, it was unbearable I had to throw it out. The price on this very small shake about 12 to 16 ounces maybe? Um no thank you! I'll go across the street to Dairy Queen and get a better shake. 

So in closing for almost $15.00, I had a kids meal in a fancy space. Sorry Shake Shack I wont be back. 

For a sit down burger joint I will continue with my fav Steak N Shake, Twice the food for 2 3rds the price! Flavorful Original Double Steakburger, Large fry, Large Hand dipped shake under $10.00 Delish!笑
Food is good service is so slow... No line but still waited 15 minutes for the food to come out. I saw other customers get wrong orders on their food. The people that prepare the food need to be faster, I saw plenty of food that was ready to go.笑
I'm glad to have a quick burger joint on Camelback and Central. The entrance faces Central and the restaurant is pretty spacey. We came on a Saturday afternoon for lunch and there was no line surprisingly. 

We decided to order the Shake Stack (meat patty with portobello mushroom), crinkle cut fries and the concrete single Mallow Monsoon. 

Shake stack: it was a tasty burger! I loved every bite! The problem is the size - are you kidding? It looked like a junior burger. Normally, I split my burger with my hubby because in most places, the burger is enormous. Once I saw it, I was thinking, this size - for $9.59? I could of eaten this whole burger all by myself. It was a little overpriced. I agree with other reviewers - It should be more like a $6.50 or $7 burger.

Crinkle cut fries: nothing special for $2.99. If you look at my picture I posted, I had more fries than I did a burger. 

The Mallow Monsoon was delightful!! It was perfect and worth the $4.59. 

Service was quick and we were out of there in 30 or so minutes so.笑
Burger was good, way over priced. Fries just as good as homemade crinkle cut fries. No need to go out of your way to eat here.笑
I'm reviewing a chain, but it's a new and rare chain in these parts, so get off my back!

We're flooded--absolutely inundated with chain burger places, so Shake Shack, brought to us from NY, has some big shoes to fill. 

Here's what I like: The smokestack burger. Great, premium toppings. I enjoyed this thoroughly and it was over too soon. I also like the beverage selection. Abita root beer to wash it all down was amazing, but you can get a grown-up beer if you feel that way as well. True to its name, there are a variety of milkshakes, so there's quite a bit of options to enjoy on the side. 

Here's what I don't like: They seem kinda small, and the beef itself was just good, but nothing above average for the price range. I like my buns nice and toasty, these were plain and very soft--almost as though they were steamed. A small, single burger and a fancy soda is like $11. With fries, we're getting into the price range at which I may as well just go to a ;real' restaurant.

I don't think it's the best, but it's good enough and you should try it. It looks spiffy and the people are nice. A-OK with me!笑
Tried it for the third  time. Parking  lot was full but the restaurant  was not that busy. We tried the mushroom burger. And cheese hot dog and cheese fries. Single  burgers are a little  small.  Their  buns are buttery.  . Service was a little  slow  but the staff is friendly. Did not like their shakes which is small and too sweet笑
Cheeseburger was great with their tangy mayo "special sauce".  Crispy crinkle cut fries with amazing hot cheese sauce (mix of American and cheddar, non-spicy). I got the cheese sauce on the side so the fries didn't get soggy and I could dip to my heart's content! YUM笑
Organic chicken sandwitch boom! It's good in every bite. Soft and a little crispy bread followed by juicy flavoring chicken bam!!!! So good! It had a few of the burgers including the mushroom and it's all good.笑
Yum yum yum! You guys are always on my Facebook and we Finally took the drive to try this place. Cashier was friendly. It's a tad bit pricey due to having to order everything separate from each other, but it is worth every dollar! When you bite into the burger it's how every single burger should always taste! It was amazing! I ordered a double thinking the patties would be thin but it was a huge burger! Next time I will for sure order a single. We got the bacon cheese fries they were good but will probably pass on them next time. Just wanted to give em a try this time! The plan fries are pleasant. Restaurant was very clean. Worker was walking around cleaning tables and asking how everything was! Please bring one to WEST-GATE by the stadium you guys would make bank there!!! We will be back even though it's 35 minutes away. Another plus it was pouring rain! We love rain!笑
Good service. Quick and fast. Nice outdoor misted seating. The burger was delicious and cooked to perfection. Scrumptious bun. The crinkle fries were a highlight and up to par with the burger. I will be back.笑
I went to SS at an off time to avoid the long lines.  It still took awhile to get our burgers. They were fresh and had good flavor and I really liked the potato bun.
Unfortunately we could not try the fries because they cook their chicken in the same frier.  I also sample the vanilla shack , good flavor but a bit pricey.
The space is large and they have a nice patio.  I will go back hopefully they get a second frier so I can have GF fries.笑
Parked right in front of the restaurant (located at the former Boston Market corner area facing Central Ave) at 4:00 and had no wait to order at the counter.  The kitchen and cashier section are more cramped than the Fashion Square location.  All unoccupied tables were clean, including the plentiful picnic tables outside.  Water from the condiment table was chilled, and there were plenty of cups.  My small single-item order was completed within a few minutes.

Single 'Mallow Monsoon: Far superior to s frosty, and also better than a Dairy Queen blizzard.  The chocolate and vanilla custard are swirled but not completely blended, but the overall flavor leans strongly chocolate.  I could not really taste the marshmallow sauce.  The chocolate truffle cookie dough were super rich and reminded me of fudge brownie pieces.  The sugar cone cookie pieces had a fantastic crush, and provided a great contrasting texture.

Shake Shack may be cost a little more than its competitors, but their quality is a step above as well.  My concrete was $4.98 after tax.笑
Cool space, shakes are great, crinkle cut fries were cold, chicken sandwich was good, burger average. $32 burger lunch for two. Not impressed very average.笑
Welcome to yet another one of my neighborhoods, Shake Shack!

Here's to my first Shake Shack grand opening since they expanded into DC a few years back. If you've been to any other locations, you know what to expect and it will not disappoint. If you've never been and swear by any other burger joint, please give it a try.

It's got the usual aesthetic vibe featuring those signature and well-crafted wooden tabletops & benches. There's also a fair amount of patio seating with plenty of shade that will come in handy as it starts warming up.

Went with my usual first meal of a ShackBurger and Shack-cago dog. Excellent per usual. Fresh, quality ingredients and big flavor. Mango lemonade & strawberry shake were both fantastic as well.

Definitely happy to have Shake Shack right around the corner from me (again). Now if they would just add delivery service...笑
Super bummed about the Uptown Plaza Shake Shack I've had their burgers all over NYC, in Vegas and in Scottsdale and have marveled at the consistency. Sadly the one 2 miles from our home missed the mark. Squished, dry, burgers and beer only to arrive well after our meals. Hopefully in time they'll work it out. Until then Scottsdale Fashion will have to be our go to.笑
Smokestack And fries. Food is no good especially for the outrageous price. In n out, smash burger are hands down better burgers. Only thing good about this place is the atmosphere. I'll give that to them but food basically no good.笑
I've been here twice and will not go again.  The food is mediocre and for the price forget it there isn't much bang for your buck.  Everything is small and the price is large.  Frankly you can get a better burger for this price point elsewhere.笑
I don't know why people do big deal of this fast food, tried it once because this place close to work, burgers  small, french fries  doesn't taste good at all, no refills on drinks and overpriced for this poor quality food笑
I inhaled the food so fast that I didn't have time to take a photo (whoops!). If u don't know how I feel about Shake Shack, I LOVE IT! I wish they'd open one in Tucson. My favorite is the shake stack and the cheese fries is a must! I might be totally biased cuz I'm from NY but hey some of the best food comes from there.笑
I'm not being nice on this review! I felt cheated! The tiny burgers and disgusting crinkle fries, and ridiculous a la cart prices gives this place one lousy star. I ordered a $4 grilled cheese for my son and looked at it. It was a bun turned inside out and grilled with disgusting unmelted American cheese in between. There is no kids menu, but they sell dog treats? After $15, I didn't even finish the snack sized burger and fries, I left hungry and ripped off. Go figure. Never again coming here!笑
The food was tasty and fresh; Fries were great!!! I wish they had other sides other than just fries. Enjoyed the visit!!!笑
I love ice cream. I love shakes. When a restaurant has shakes so bad that I can't order one, apparently it makes me mad enough to tell them so.
We've been to Shake Shack twice. The first time we had hot dogs, fries, shakes. The vanilla one was warm (they did replace it), the strawberry one was completely unsatisfying as a strawberry shake experience (too sweet, not strawberry enough). Hot dogs were OK, fries were OK. Prices were very high for the quantity and quality of the meal.
We gave it a second try, this time burgers, fries, and NO shakes (one concrete though). When they rung us up, they were doing a charity fundraiser - donate $2 and get a free shake next time. I'm sorry, I skipped over the fundraiser, heard the word shake, and unloaded about how I couldn't order a shake because they were so bad.
The manager came out to talk as we were getting our meal. She was very nice, but honestly I was a bit embarrassed as I'm sure the other guests in line overheard me. It's good to hear they want to improve their product and they appreciate feedback. However, it was even more awkward as our burgers and fries were now getting cold.
As a second visit, this was make-it-or-break-it. It broke. Even with the coupons the manager gave us for next time, the food is just not great. The prices are way too high for the quantity and quality.笑
Such flavorful burgers.. 

I had the smoke shack and it was so savory and delicious! You can tell that the burger is quality from the first bite you take. It was super juicy and the thick bacon really stood out to me with its outstanding flavor. This burger is in a category of its own. I can't compare it to other places. 

The cheese on the fries was so creamy and good.. I was not expecting the cheese to have such mind blowing flavors. I definitely recommend the fries with cheese. 

The custards are so tasty and have so so much texture because of the tid bits of deliciousness they combine in the custard. I had some of the mallow monsoon and camel shack.. The camel shack had the banana creme pie combined with the salted caramel sauce in there giving it a unique flavor of its own, I just couldn't get enough of it. The mallow monsoon had the delicious chocolate truffle cookie dough with sugar cone cookie pieces.. Amazing... I liked both of them so much but when I go again I would get the camel shack because of its unique out of this world flavors.

Overall, there is no doubt I am making this place a regular for getting burgers.笑
After enjoying a strawberry shake from the Shake Shack in New York last year, I was excited to hear that one was opening in Phoenix.. I had not previously tried the burgers so I was looking forward to try one.. We ordered 2 cheeseburgers,2 crinkle fries and 2 milkshakes .. The price was $32 which I thought was a little high.. The burgers were were small and just ok.. little on the greasy side as well.. The fries were served warm, they keep them under a heat lamp which is odd since they cook your burger fresh,  the fries should be also.. The strawberry milk shake was good but we asked for no whip cream but they served it with the whip cream... The restaurant is clean with very nice friendly employees .. Overall would not come here again.. Would be better off going to Five Guys if you are in the mood for great burgers!!笑
The bacon cheese fries are amazing.  The bacon burger was ok but it's was smaller than expected.  But the fries were just perfect.  So good my friends went up to get more.   Prices were a little high.  Just for me it was $15.00.笑
Two stars since it was edible. The burger was much much smaller then I expected for the price and didn't taste very fresh. The fries are also pretty basic and nothing special.  I ordered the shake as well which was also pretty small.  The shake was melted to the point were it tasted like thick vanilla milk.  I am glad we tried it but we won't be back.  Poor value for the cost.笑
I finally got to see what all the hype was about for lunch yesterday. The place is bright with plenty of parking and seating both indoors and out. The ordering process was a bit slow as it was lunch time and busy but they only had one person taking orders. The menu is pretty straightforward...burgers, fries, shakes. I always order chicken instead of hamburgers and they only had one chicken sandwich option but they also have hot dogs so maybe I will try that next time. I had the chicken sandwich fries and a soda which ran about $12.00. For what is essentially fast food that's a bit much. My sandwich was good although a bit messy as it was loaded with shredded lettuce, pickles, and mayo. They served crinkle cut fries which I happen to be a big fan of and they have a good assortment of fountain drinks. I never see Fanta grape soda as an option so that was a fun surprise. They also have items on the menu for your dog if you are bringing your four-legged friend along.

It's definitely worth checking out of you are looking for something quick and a step above McDonalds.笑
These burgers were great. You can tell they made the patties and buns. The crinkle cut fries were crispy and good. It was worth the stop. It only cost us $26 for 3 of us. Two of us got waters and we shared the fries since the serving was big enough to share for two.笑
Finally got to try the famous Shake Shack in Arizona of all places.  Conclusion? As a California girl I'm still team In N Out. 

I did have a very enjoyable meal with the burger, fries, and milk shake.  The burger was delicious. However I don't think it was really worth the price. Fries were aight. 

The salted caramel milk shake sounded more exciting than it actually was.  May have just been me but it tasted more like vanilla than salted caramel. I'd try a different flavor.  Also warning that all this food WILL cause you to feel like crap and food coma. Proceed with caution haha. 

I'm glad I finally got to try Shake Shack but now that it's out of my system I may not care to come back again.笑
It was pretty good, not spectacular. I'd been wanting to try them for awhile since I'd heard buzz & excitement from friends & others. I was pleasantly surprised by how spacious it is inside! Decor is cute, menu is fun! The hamburger was a little better than average. To me it's comparable to Smashburger but smaller in size. The fries were also good but not something I'd go out of my way for. The star of the show was definitely the shake! Which I guess is what's important since it's in their name. I got the Black & White shake & it was delicious! I don't think I'd make it a point to come back here for the food, but I wouldn't be opposed to stopping by to try some more of their ice cream!笑
Great American food with a gourmet French restaurant price tag. I ordered the mushroom burger and it was delicious, but it was the size of a slider. For my slider, fries and a shake, the receipt was around $18.00. That's ridiculous for a burger joint and not even to be full after. Luckily, I had a $10 gift card, or I would have been furious. I won't be back, since the portions don't match the price tag. When places charge this much for so little, I find it insulting. It's like they're trying to a Jedi Mind Trick on me so that I feel like their meal sample is actually a meal.笑
I love the Shake Shack in NYC. I love it in Miami, and I nearly cried when I heard they were coming to my neighborhood. I'm a big fan of Danny Meyer (plus he is originally from St. Louis - my hometown - and I love my fellow St. Louisans) and a huge fan of his cheese fries, chicken sandwich and the Camelshack. I love the burger too, but the chicken is heavenly. Icing on the cake, they also love my dogs and make sure to have nice items on the menu for them, too. Plus, I love beer. They have beer, you guys. I can't drink it at the moment because I'm pregnant, but I love that it is there waiting for me. Already planning my baby boy's inaugural visit (sure he can't eat it for a while, but if mommy's happy, everyone is happy and Shake Shack makes mommy very happy). Thanks for bringing it to us, St. Danny Meyer! Keep doing what you do - you do it well.笑
Even though it's a little pricey, the staff is helpful and friendly! It's kept very clean and is very upscale in design! My sister and I loved the water pressure and temperature of the sink in the ladies  room (not usually something people comment on lol) the food was great, I suggested to a waiter/ customer guide that they add a pineapple ring to the shroom shack stack burger lol it would be amazing!

I hate lemonade but after sampling it I got a large with a refill!  Refills are free!

I usually eat a lot and thought the burger wasn't going to fill me but it's been a couple hours since I ate and I'm still full!

I got cheesy fries but I suggest the bacon ones my mom got SOO much better lol and I didn't get a dessert but they looked really good!

I would say the thing I loved most was the wonderful Suprise of seeing the fresh water bowls for dogs out side on the front patio!

I can't wait to go back with my Romeo (Family Dog) and buy him a bag of biscuits!笑
So-so at best.  Okay burger, small for price and served pretty rare.  Odd that all three ketchup dispensers were empty.  I said something to the clerk and she responded "sorry, we are working on that."  Seemed disorganized even with a lot of employees standing around.  Fries and shakes were good but again pricy for what you get.笑
Loved this place since the first time I ate here! Eat here at least once a week.  Amazing burgers and shakes!!笑
Burgers for us today and Shake Shack was the spot. The fries were AMAZING! Fresh and crispy and not greasy at all. Could use some salt though. The burgers were also tasty and not dripping in grease. If you're at a shake shack you HAVE to get a shake. The shakes were delicious and blended to perfect consistency. Not too thick or runny. My friend got vanilla and I got the salted caramel shake and it tasted like salted caramel. As for burgers my friend got the double Shackburger and I got the Shack Stack which was a 'shroom burger and cheeseburger in one. Both were delicious! It's all a la carte so it can cost quite a bit. They can use some combo meals. Satisfying meal but it is quite pricey.笑
Awful food and shakes are made with syrup.  Would not recommend this place at all. Nothing comes with anything everything is ala Carte.笑
Shake shack is kinda like Khloe Kardashian. Like shes attractive for sure, but she's just not like actually hot. No ones gonna pick her over Kim or Kendall let's be real. The shack burger is good but not great, and that goes for everything else there. But I would I come here again? Yeah sure why not.笑
Having just went to shake shack in Baltimore on Pratt st I can say this new location in AZ is huge compared to it (so much indoor and outdoor seating)! Place is pretty empty right now (8:40pm on a Friday), but I could see it getting more packed as more people discover it. 

****Be advised any who think this a "fast food" place. Food comes out quick, but not that fast. There's a reason why there isn't a drive through window and they have a stack of 50+ pagers.****

That being said, the food came out hot, delicious, not very greasy, and traveled well. Is this my new staple burger joint? Probably not, but I'll be back again. 

All things considered I'd say Shake Shack is somewhere between In N Out and Zinburger. Both in price, quality, environment, and overall dining experience.

*pro tip* get fry well! Super crispy and extra delicious!笑
Stopped in while I was at the mall for a little ice cream.  I ordered the ice cream concretes and was thoroughly disappointed.  The items weren't mixed together well, size was on the very small side and it was $7.  See pic!笑
Fun Place... Great burgers. We were six in our group that had the smoke shack which is awesome. Nina Ranch bacon just rocks... One person got the hot dog which they loved. Great ambiance. Great shakes, wine and beer. I know there are people on these reviews saying its expensive etc. etc. For the quality you get, its right on the mark.... Their burgers are much better than In-N-Out. Don't get me wrong I love In-N-Out but this is absolutely 2-5 steps above. Will go back for sure....笑
Small burger, too greasy and the menu is over priced. It was a quick fix though and the restaurant was clean!!笑
On our first visit here, we overall enjoyed it. I certainly wasn't expecting $19 for a double bacon cheese burger, loaded fries, & a lemonade, but the quality of the meat, freshness, and ambiance were exceptional for a burger spot. All in all we paid $51 for 3 burgers, fries and drinks. Holy crap  talk about sticker shock...the burgers were standard sized, at best... to get full, you'd want to buy 2, per my husband. 

As a splurge I'd consider returning because I'm a sucker for exceptionally made burgers, but the price is a deterrent from me going on a regular basis. Bonus; they sell wine and beer also. Too bad I'm breastfeeding and not drinking right now.笑
Really tasty burgers, definitely better than 5 guys imho, love the crinkle cut fries, good beer on tap, we both got the smokeshack, loved the hot cherry peppers. Will def be back!笑
This is my first time coming here and other than the fact that it cost $34 for my wife and I, I have zero complaints. The attention to detail in the food is amazing. Super fresh tasting and how can you complain about that. The price can be justified by the quality. If you want a cheap burger go to mcdonalds you tight asses.笑
4 burgers, 3 shakes, one beer, $62. Are you kidding me???? Never again. We've tried it once and can't afford to go back.笑
I, too, have to join the chorus of, "people get excited about this?" Yelpers. The burgers and fries are fine but, if any part of the meal steals the show, it's the shakes. Unfortunately, it's hard to get past the sticker shock that comes with dining at Shake Shack. Item-by-item, you can't help but feel gouged by an undersized standard-fare burger and a slighted serving of crinkle fries. 

Prices aside, it's fine. The establishment is clean and the staff is friendly. But in terms of value, 2-stars feels about as inflated as their menu prices.笑
So, I finally went.  They've been open long enough to have worked out any kinks.

The place is clean and nice.  It is where the Boston Market was before that whole strip was knocked down.  The tables claim to be made from "reclaimed New York bowling alleys".

Parking is ample.  When I went (a Wednesday evening) there were no lines to speak of.  Service was of the "order here, pickup there" style with pagers handed out for you to know when to pick up.  My order was placed at 6:05pm and served at 6:12.  Pretty good for that time of day.

Since it was my first visit, I didn't muck about with the order.  I ordered a double shake burger, a hot dog with onions-ketchup-mustard and a chocolate shake.  They had store-made lemonade and craft beer on the menu, but if you go to a place named "Shake Shack", how could you not order a shake?

The burger was great!  First rate Angus beef, properly cooked.  The veggies were fresh, and the tomatoes were ripe (as they should be this time of year).  Absolutely no complaints.  Be sure to get enough napkins.

The chocolate shake was also fine.  Very chocolaty.

I didn't try the fries.  Partially because I'm not that big a fan of fries anyway, and partially because the online reviews of the fries weren't very positive.  Pre-frozen crinkle cut fries; not fresh cut fries like at In-N-Out.

The hot dog was only so-so.  Vienna Beef dog, sliced down the middle and fried.  Nothing wrong there.  It was delivered with only onions.  I mentioned I asked for also ketchup and mustard, and was politely told those were available at the condiment bar.  Nothing bad there, but nothing special either, especially given the price.

Which brings us to why only three stars.  The price.  My double burger, hot dog and shake was over $18.  I don't argue the experience was pleasant, and the burger was terrific.  Maybe I'm old and cheap.

So, summary:  I loved the burger and nothing else there turned me off.  But given the prices, they will be a treat and not a regular visit.笑
Manager is the nicest person I have met- makes sure you have a good experience! Very professional. Great food, great atmosphere. Burgers can't be beat and the cheese fries are ah-mazing.笑
It was just ok. Lots of hype but not a lot of substance. The shroom burger was disappointing. As soon as I bit into it all the molten cheese drained out leaving me with a greasy, bland, fried mushroom on bread. A veggie burger would have been preferred. The hotdogs were a big hit with my kids but I had to use a napkin to soak up the grease. My husband had the smokestack and said it was good but nothing special. The fries were good--crispy and delicious, but not enough cheese on the cheese fries. The concrete was really good in the center where all the goodies were concentrated but the outside was a waste. Decent strawberry shake--wish they had kids sizes.笑
So good
Cheeseburger is great
Chicken sandwich is great
Fries are great
The vibe is fun and the service is really good for the pricepoint the food is at笑
The burgers were very tasty but way to expensive to justify coming back. Yes they were good in flavor but almost 9 bucks for a burger was too much plus fries and then drink. The staff is rude not very pleasant and they seem to be annoyed when placing your orders. Dining area is not kept clean and the restrooms can also use a little cleaning. They have a nice patio area and pretty good size tables but honestly it's not worth the trip for the price or the rude services.笑
I had heard alot of hype about the burgers here so we decided to finally try it out. Unfortunately, we were very disappointed.

First of all, the price is very steep. $29.00 for 2 single burger, 2 fries, 1 shake, and 1 large soda. Ouch. Thats almost 15 bucks a piece for fast food. Seems really pricey to me. 

The food was average at best. Burgers were OK but nothing special and not a lot of flavor. Fries were pretty good. My wife's chocolate shake tasted like powder and was really runny. My soda tasted flat.

Definitely not going back. Too many good burger joints out there with a lot better food and a lot less expensive.笑
First time at Shake Shack. Got the Smoke Shack and cheese fries. Prices are a little high for me but I compare all burgers to in-n-out - very rarely does a $7-10 burger beat a $3.75 Double Double IMO.

Server was not awesome. Not friendly. Bran new joint never asked if I been here or not. Nothing. Never said hi even. 

So, with that said, I found it pricey. Single burger with BBQ and bacon is $7. It was alright but nothing great. Meat seemed undercooked to me. Inexcusable for a burger shack. Bun was good but chewy. Bacon very tasty. 

The cheese fries are good but severely lacking in amount of cheese making them bad. I like crinkle cut fries, many don't. Like my potato to actually have potato in it so I like the fries here. 

Overall - probably won't be back. One and done. Don't see the point. Should of stayed in NY where they love you evidently - guess they never had in-n-out burger.笑
Yummy place. Staff is still trying to figure it out. They weren't sure what white wine they had available. Love the cheese sauce on the fries. It's not the typical nacho cheese. Only down side is the hamburgers are pretty small for the price. I bought a glass of wine, fries, and a burger which all came to $23 . I'll be back for the cheese fries burger was average.笑
This place is WAY OVERPRICED!! Almost $6 for a shake, OVER $8 for a double cheeseburger and it comes with NOTHING! Seriously? Want fries? Oh, that's ANOTHER $3! Ridiculous! You can get the same thing (quality & quantity) at Wendy's for literally 1/4 th the price. NEVER AGAIN.....笑
With all the burger places that are around that are much better than this place. The fries are good the poor hot dog is nothing like Chicago Chicago never Grill the hot dog in its life I'm from there. And where's the seeds on the bun. This shake is Tiny for 550 is ridiculous and $0.50 extra for whipped cream. Dairy Queen across the street you can get for them for that same price. The double burger would be the same as a double double at In-N-Out at half the price period and a better taste. Thought I would give it a try not worth the hype you tried and you say I'm sure you'll be disappointed too. For the price we paid for dinner we could have got to filet mignons at AJ's and cook them at home and had a wonderful dinner笑
Went on a Sunday night and the line was out the door.  Same as other reviews, everything tasted like it had been sitting there for a while. It may have tasted better if the burgers and fries were hot. For 2 burgers, 2 drinks and an order of fries = $29 is a bit pricey for fast food burgers. Not impressed with the burgers either.  We had their organic ice tea and mango lemonade drink. Tea tasted like tea and the mango drink reminded me of the cheap Sunny D drink that I had as a child.  So many better burger places around town that once the hype gets through this place, there won't be a line out the door anymore.笑
Cons: lemonade too sweet, burgers need a little flavor.
Pros: accepts military discount. Food very fresh. Many options. Good shakes. Burger bun is awesome. Staff friendly. Place clean. Water available for customers to get there own refills. Louisiana hot sauce available. Fries are great. Glad we came笑
I heard all the hype about this place, so a couple weeks ago a friend and i tried it out. We came to the conclusion it's an overpriced, overhyped fast food place. Trendy and hip, the food is good albeit small overpriced portions. Walk up and order no sit down service. Easy to get to location but no one factor here draws us to return.笑
I ate here yesterday. OVERPRICED!!!!! $18 for a burger, fries, shake, and small coke. The fries were good. I will NOT go back!!!笑
My second visit was great. Celebrated my grandsons birthday. This was his choice he calls it hamburger and ice cream place. I ordered our food on this visit and was impressed with the employees and the way they interact with their customers. The best service I have had. Polite, helpful, caring, friendly.笑
Your "chicken sandwich" didn't make it to nirvana? Ordered a "chicken dog" by mistake? Tried the "shroom burger" and it wasn't perfection? 

The problem is you, not them. They had to fill out the menu with something, especially for those non red-meat eaters. You should have ordered the shake double, with no sauce. Perfection; and I don't say that lightly. 

My favorite burgers are the ones I make. Sure, I can get in 'n out and feed a craving. Or, hit Johnny's on a good day and be pretty satisfied. But until I ate Shake Shack's Double Cheese, I didn't realize that having no condiments on a burger and loving it is a huge win. Juicy, cheesy, flavorful, with the crunch from lettuce and sweetness from tomatoes. Nir-van-a! 

I'm from Seattle, I know Nir-van-a. Throw some crunch-chewy fries and a shake with your double cheese (Ok, two) and you're having a great day.

Shake it off and set your GPS for Shake Shack.

T笑
Wow! All I have to say this place is really good! I was reading others reviews and I was really surprised at what people had to say. 

First off yes it's pricey and if you're looking for a 99 cent burger then what are you doing here?? Go back to your processed fast food burgers for that! Lol their meat here is organic grass fed, and cage free. So you pay for what you get. 

Ok so I ordered the crispy chicken sandwich and it was delicious! The chicken was fried to perfection! And if you complain about a crispy chicken sandwich being too greasy why are you ordering it?! They serve it with pickles and a herb mayo everything about that sandwich was amazing. 

I also got cheese fries, because why not. And they were ok I am not a huge fan of cheese fries in general, but the person I was with insisted. For dessert we got a strawberry milkshake it was yummy as well.

Customer service is great. Very friendly and helpful staff. The menu gets to the point. All in all it's pretty delicious and I am now a shake shack fan! Definitely will be back.笑
I'll start by saying that the one star is for the strawberry mint lemonade. We decided to stop here to grab dinner and head home last night. Dinner for 3 people was $42. Did I mention one of the people is only 5 years old? Mind you my family can do much worse, but this was not money well spent. I'd rather eat at McDonalds. Our burgers were bland and raw in the middle. I tried to doctor it once I got home but it was truly a lost cause. I wish I had tasted the food before leaving. Such a disappointment considering all of the hype.笑
I will start with saying the food we ordered tasted good.  It was flavorful and was ok.  I had the burger with mushroom on it and I liked it.  

This is what you need to know when you eat here.  I had a burger and fries... NO DRINK.  My bill just for myself was almost $14.  There was nothing about this food or the service that warranted being 14 bucks.  I was not impressed with the service and the food was not larger portions by any means.  I can get the same caliber burger or better at nearly any restaurant in Phoenix.  Think about this, you can get a steak with sides and salad for that price at Texas Road House.  Just a thought.  I probably would not go back here because their prices are those of a sit down restaurant... this is a fast food burger joint.  The prices should match.  Not worth it at all. Also, for the price they are charging they can do way better on the cleanliness of the dining area.笑
The TL;DR version: tasty, overpriced food that's not worth the hype.

I came here with my sister when there was just a couple people in line. We had planned on sharing the fries, mushroom burger and a shake, but seeing how small the burger was, we each got our own. The fries didn't seem particularly appealing so we skipped them.

The mushroom burger was like a fun grilled cheese sandwich. The cheese oozed out with the first bite. It was good, but it needed more to it. For $7 and its reputation, I expected a little more "wow." We also got a chocolate malt that was very average. Not bad but not exciting.笑
Driven by a few times and today I finally made a stop in, and the last thing I was was disappointed. Amazing service, great staff, and the food was extraordinary; however, the place did seem a little messy. The dinning area was covered in used napkins under the tables, straw wrappers, and crumbs. Other than that, I will for sure be stopping in for my cheese fries!笑
Everyone loves shake shack. I just wish the burgers were bigger! But for anyone who hasn't been here, come check it out. Awesome fries, amazing burgers. They have really good milkshakes too! They also do hot dogs but I haven't tried those because I always have to get a burger. Came to this location with my husband because we had the pups with us and we needed somewhere with a patio. This is where we went and the staff was so incredibly awesome. I wish I caught this guy's name, but he happened to be cleaning up outside when we got there. He brought treats out for our dogs and even took our buzzer so when the food was ready he just brought it out to us! So friendly and accomodating, I was impressed. Great customer service goes a long way so I'll definitely be back at this location!笑
$25 for a greasy, overcooked lunch. On a bright note, if there is one, the manager seemed concerned about the hot pile of greasy garbage we were served. He both apologized and explained that poor quality food is very uncommon... however according to the gal next to us, whos food was also burnt and greasy, and the hundreds of reviews on Yelp and Facebook that say the food is burnt and greasy...it is apparently very common.

All I know is I wish I went to McDonalds笑
Took a drive from the west side on a Friday afternoon to see what the hype was about. I orders the special Wisconsin cheddar bacon burger. Absolutely delicious. My complaint was I wanted it to be a bit bigger. I don't love crinkly fries but these ones were fresh and crunchy. I had the blueberry pie concrete. There was actual pie in the custard. Yum笑
Small burgers, half the order of fries were tiny pieces, inedible ,,,chicken sandwich was good as was ice cream, but very expensive, won't be back

My tiny burger was cooked the way I like it no red, my sons was too pink to eat, not consistent.笑
Even after having Shake Shack in New York, and thinking it was over hyped, My nephews wanted to eat there. Wait in a line out side, just to get in. Order Burgers, fries and drinks . $2.80 for lrg Iced tea. No refills. Maybe you can if you go to the counter? But with the horribly long line, I didn't bother. You are paying the price of a sit down burger, Maybe someone should come around and refill for you?? Or, Hey Shake Shack- Put the drinks on the OUTSIDE of the kitchen and we'll refill them. $44 for three burgers and fries and no refills......笑
The chicken sandwich was great, the piece of chicken was large, with lots of juice and tenderness! Also, the regular burger was fantastic. Even the fries were good, just needed some more salt  overall, great food and great experience.笑
No no no no no. I try not to have expectations as not all experiences are the same; however, I will not be going back. I'm not going to get on here and bitch about the pricing, because of the "quality" of the meats (grass fed, veg diets, cage free etc) and because, I thought it was worth paying for. I was wrong. The burger was greasy the bun was literally drenched in it and started falling apart. Vegetables were fresh though. The fries reminded me of elementary school style free lunch and were less than desirable. Super disappointed with my meal, and to follow I had stomach cramps before I even finished half of my meal. I'm assuming again, that it's the grease. I'd report more about the atmosphere, service and furniture but really, the crappy food is enough and the reason why we review these restaurants. Do yourself a favor and go anywhere else.笑
Double Shack burger pretty good.
Chicken Shack burger really crispy and pretty good.
Shake pretty good.
Fries pretty good.
End of the story is two burgers, one order of fries, one small shake and one small soda was $28!笑
So 1st star deducted because Customer Service here is Bad. I dont mean like super Horrible But its just Bad. Asked a question and i swear the people who work here are clueless! When i asked what type of drinks they had the girl helping us was like " whats that? " seriously? 2nd star deducted because of the prices. 31$ for 2 burgers 2 fries and 2 Small drinks. What the heck! 3rd Star deducted because the staff here preferred to be watching a game instead of helping me out when i simply needed a refill . And 4th and foremost THEY ARE WASTING CUPS!! When i asked for the refill she told me that shes going to give me another cup. I had mine right there! Thats a waste seriously. This place is just frustrating. Rather go to The Stand where the food is great and good prices and the people are awesome! Not coming back笑
Overpriced with long lines. The burgers are long the same lines of Habit Burger, 5 guys etc, but a lot more expensive. I guess a chain from New York has to have New York prices! They even keep the fountain drinks behind the counter so you can't get refills. That could be another reason why the service is so slow. Bottom line: the burgers are not worth the price.笑
I don't do a lot of fast food so its a pretty good burger for fast food. Burger is seasoned, bread is soft and sweet, I enjoy when I'm having a cheat day. I don't like a lot of condiments so I never get the shack sauce so I can't comment too much on that. The fries are ok, not worth the calories so I usually skip them unless I'm having a bad day then fries it is but they are just okay. Service always good not always fast. They are usually pretty busy, probably because its new. I like that they have beer and wine so you could actually make it a date but won't be mad if you just stick with the mint lemonade because its good too. Can kinda get expensive but heck you won't be going every day. If you haven't ever been try it, but don't get carried away with the whole wait in line for it, its just not that serious.笑
We love love LOVE to take our two dogs to this location after a long morning playing at the dog park. This is one of the most dog friendly casual restaurants in central Phoenix we have found. We always get our boys poochinis (vanilla custard with peanut butter sauce and Bocce's special burger flavored biscuits), and it's their favorite treat ever!

Additionally, all of the staff is super friendly! They always bring out a bowl of water for our boys. One time, one of the girls working even brought out my order to me when I was there alone with my dogs. It's hard to find a place we can bring our dogs to, and even harder to find one that's good and we can take the boys to. We love this place!笑
I have been super excited to have shake shack come to arizona especially in central Phoenix . The shake shack cheeseburger is tasty And the fries are delicious . I had the salted Carmel malt which was divine笑
Delicious burgers, delicious crinkle cut fries! Best burgers and the best part is that shake shack is from New York! Awesome spot!笑
I saw a video on Shake Shack vs In-N-Out, and was super stoked that Shake Shack was coming to AZ. I rarely venture to the east coast, so this was the perfect opportunity for a taste of their burgers. Being from CA, I'm a huge fan of In-N-Out, and simply can't help comparing these two places. First off, the burgers at Shake Shack are double the prices at In-N-Out. A double-double at In-N-Out is $3.50. A double hamburger at Shake Shack is $6.59. 

I had the single Smoke Shack burger, which is a cheeseburger with bacon and chopped cherry peppers. Overall, this burger was overly greasy. The meat was tender and flavorful. I really enjoyed the cherry peppers which added a unique touch and complemented the burger well. However, the ShackSauce did not blow me away. The sauce ran on the ordinary side compared to In-N-Out's addicting spread. My boyfriend paid $9.64 for his Smoke Shack double, which was really worth $6-7 max. I was pumped up to try their crinkled cut fries. To my disappointment, the fries were equivalent to frozen fries anyone can purchase at the grocery store. Fries were poorly seasoned and lacked that fresh taste. I have to say that the best part of this meal was the shake. I had a delicious salted caramel shake, malted with whipped cream. The shake was creamy with a good consistency, not too sweet. The other flavors available were chocolate, black & white, strawberry, peanut butter, and coffee Fair Shake. 

The location is fairly new, so there was a line that was no more than a 10 minute wait. We ordered our food, and was given a buzzer. It was awesome that they have free wifi. There are four TV's distributed around the spacious dining area. Since we went on a weekend, it was quite busy. Some customers had to find seating in the outdoor patio when the indoor tables were full. I really liked the idea of having water and cups of water conveniently situated by the ketchup and mustard dispensaries. It would be nice to have access to some ice for the water. They also serve wine and beer. This is a very family-friendly place with a lot of children around.

I conclude that this place does not live up to the hype. Personally, I would rather go to In-N-Out for their tasty burgers and fresh fries - all for an affordable price.笑
This was my second time back at Shake Shack as I was contacted by them after my last review and was asked to please return with a free burger. I will tell you, I truly appreciate businesses that read our reviews and take action! If nothing else, it tells their customers that they truly care about our opinions and want to make sure we have a positive experience. 

While this is not my first choice of burger joints, my Shake Burger was pretty good. The produce seemed fresh and the bun was delightful. My one area of critique is that my burger was a little overdone, but not too bad.

I must rave about their service. From the moment I walked in, the manager greeted me with a smile and a friendly hello. The cashier was very bubbly and made sure I got extra pickles, which made me super happy. Lastly, the manager stopped by, picked up my tray and asked if I wanted more water. I declined the water, but the gesture was awesome and truly appreciated.笑
Had to try this NY import.  The burgers were tasty though a bit on the small size.  Fries were perfect.  My biggest problem was with the total bill of $27 for two burgers,  two fries and a soda and a shake. Can get the same from In and Out for less than half of that.  Shake Shack fries are better but is the place worth twice the price?笑
First time. 

Ordered the chicken sandwich with fries.


The staff is really really energetic and nice 
The sandwich was small and a sub par bun but very well done. Juicy, good flavor. 

I got a side of BBQ sauce. It's darn good also.

Fries... not soggy but plain and definitely has room for improvement on flavor or style 

I would come back.笑
Only gave it a 1 because I couldn't give negative 5. I walked up to the establishment and was informed by an employee at the door that it was 10:07 pm and they were closed. He was polite, my friend and I walked away. A group of people were getting out of their car as we were leaving and we informed them that the restaurant was closed. The group of 6 people headed in without issue and were able to enter into the line to order with no problem. I returned to speak to a manager and informed them of the situation. There was no resolve. I would like to add that my friend and I are African American and the group were Caucasians. I am very disappointed with this discriminatory experience, the behaviors displayed by employees of this establishment were totally unacceptable.笑
SHAKE SHACK IS AMAZING. 

Quality food, great price and cheese fries! Yay! We were so excited to find out that it was coming to Phoenix and the food is the same as when we had it in D.C. 

The black and white shake with a Chicago dog and cheese fries are my favorite. Oh! Chicken sandwich, TRY IT! Absolutely scrumptious.笑
I was an In-n-Out girl, but this year I moved and there's not an In-n-Out close by but there is a Shake Shack. I have to say, I've been converted. Sure the prices are a big higher than In-n-Out but Shake Shack has consistently good fries (In-n-Out's are hit and miss), the dining area is much nicer, and you don't have those crazy lines to deal with.笑
Holy SALTOLY! Came here on lunch break walked it and it smells so good. Clean environment although very loud. Ordered our food easy process. Well we received our food and what a huge disappointment super small burger thin thin patty and super super salty like beyond way to much salt!! The fries tasted like overly frozen cooled in bad grease. I'm sorry but this place is awful. I would never return here.笑
I love Shake Shack! It's my favorite burger joint....in New York. This location's menu is overprized. Burgers are basically sliders. They are small! Shroom burger tasted bland. So disappointed!笑
Single burgers are pretty average size or smaller for a HIGH price but decent tasty. Fries were ok. Very spacious and lots of tables with TVs. Staff was friendly and informative. I want to try their shakes next and also bring my pooch since they have a dog friendly patio & menu. I will give them another try soon. Again, it's an alright place but just way over priced!!! $38 for 3 single burgers & 3 fries & 2 drinks???笑
Tim ordered the Shack Stack, a cheeseburger with a portable lo mushroom on it, and I ordered a double Smoke Shack, a double cheeseburger with smoked bacon on it. We both ordered cheese fries and a large soda. The price tag came out to $36.45. This is a bit pricey for Burger and Fries so our expectations were real high.

The place was pretty busy with a mixed crowd of families and couples/single diners. The staff was cheerful as well as helpful right when we waked in.  The food arrived relatively quickly, although if you asked Tim it took forever.

The food quantity was a bit small for what they charge (look at the image of my food). The fries were just crinkle cut fries with a cheese sauce on them. I wouldn't say it is worth the $3.o9 they charge

The redeeming factor is the flavor. The burgers were delicious and moist..not dried out. The fries were kind of boring.笑
I was super excited to try this place but was disappointed. It is way overpriced for the size and quality of the food. I'd compare it to a school cafeteria lunch.

Staff are friendly and wait time wasn't bad so there's your two stars, but I was craving more when I left. What a let down.笑
Okay, so I don't get it. 

For two people, two burgers and fries and two drinks it was $30+.

The burgers are tiny. Like fist sized. Good, but nothing spectacular. 

They're good, just so...small. 

Maybe I'm spoiled by big food or similar sized food that is significantly cheaper, but I just don't get it. Why is it so expensive for fast food? I'm paying for the reputation, right?

Place is nice, people are nice, location is nice. Price sucks.笑
Dang it. I was so ready for the worlds most mind blowing burger, hot dog, fries and shake.  I can't say I was disappointed because it's different. I saw the lines for the past few months at both locations and I waited to strike when the line was gone. So I hit it up.

Bacon burger was good. The bun was one of the best in the biz. The meat fresh. The bacon- meh.

The fries are good and crispy. They zig zaggers which some either love or hate. Personally not a favorite but people are so picky so whatever.

The hot dog loses.  A competitor has a similar hot dog and the quality of the dog is better and the char on the bun is better. Pass on the dog here. Tastes boiled. Not sure.

The shake/ice cream though. Legit. Went with a marshmallowy, chocolatey, waffle coney cup of wonder. I'll be back just for that after a burger.  Seating was amble and staff friendly so all in all a great little burger shack. Not a place I'd go out of your way to have but maybe cravings will start.笑
I've enjoyed the shakes on a few occasions, they are a bit pricey, though. Recently tried the shack burger for the first time. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality and taste of the meat. The bun did get a little soft by the time I finished. I did enjoy the crinkle fries. So I will be back for a confirmation on quality vs price.笑
Don't listen to the haters, buy into the hype here because this place is real. I'm going to say this now, this place is better than any other fast food chain burger I've had. 

Okay so let me delve into this. The burgers here are simple but incredibly well done. They also use a potato bun that adds more consistency and texture to the bun and gives you a feeling of eating more. Also when I judge a burger, it's my personal opinion to also judge the main accompaniment, the fries. I usually am not a fan of crinkle cut fries but my glob do they do it well here. A good portion that's salted just right with a great amount of crisp to it. I've been to shake shack five times in the last 6 weeks and I haven't seen a fry ever not fried enough or burnt, it's always perfect, I have no clue how they do it. 

So what do I get? Well I do have a preference. I've tried their mushroom shack which is too overwhelmingly cheesy for me. It's a large portobello mushroom filled with several types of melted cheese. Maybe that's your thing, just know that it's a lot of cheese. My friend usually gets that with a regular patty in one bun (aka shack stack). This is my personal order: hamburger with bacon and a chicken patty as well. Oh my god is it heaven. For a burger place they know how to make an incredibly good fried chicken patty. Honestly it might be better than their actual burger. But that just might be me.

They also have pretty interesting desserts called concretes which is frozen custard. I think this part of the menu along with drinks rotates to give it some variety so be aware! Anyway Shake Shack is great and I want you all to absolutely love it as much as I do. Go and see the light!笑
After all the hype, I would say that the Shake Shake is much ado about nothing. The portions are small, the prices high, and the wait was long. Rehab Burger is superior and not more expensive. I've had comparable food at In and Out and Habit for half the price.笑
The burgers were so good. It is a bit pricey but the meat is good quality. The manager that was there during our visit was very friendly and checked in on us, offered to get our refills and helped customers throw away their trash. It was good food and great customer service.