We order from here as a treat once in a while.  Lady week I placed a take out order 5 chicken strip combo and a 3 chicken strip combo for myself.  I've never had a problem with my order until that night.  I didn't bother to check the order but when I got home I was pulling everything out when I discovered they Gabe me three wrong order.  Do you know how frustrating that is?!?! I was so pissed off.  Moral of the story...always check your order before you leaveǾ
Bought a 12 piece box of chicken to go last Friday night. When i got home discovered they put 6 legs and 5 thighs in the box. Not only did they short me on the chicken but they did not include even one piece of white meat in the order no breast or wing. Will never eat from this franchise again.Ǿ
Chicken from hell.  Oh my god.

I am 45 years old and I have never seen some incompetence and ignorance in my life.  I waited 20 minutes for a shrimp platter and a 4 piece fried chicken platter.  There was another couple who ordered BEFORE us who didn't get their food until over 40 minutes after they ordered.  You can KNIT a bloody chicken faster than that.

I specified a sauce substitute that was clearly notated on the receipt.  They screwed it up.  I went back to the counter to get it switched.  The "manager" in the blue shirt walked around for 4-5 minutes and completely ignored me conveying the attitude that he was the "expediter" (what a laugh) and that he didn't deal with customers.  The girl on the cash had her back to me the whole time despite the fact I was trying to subtly tap on the counter to get her attention.  The couple who waited 40 minutes for the chicken loudly admonished me to YELL at them.  I went back to my table and decided to just eat the shrimp dry because they were getting cold.  My wife took the sauce and made a second attempt.  An attempt to get PLAIN TARTAR SAUCE.  It's on the menu board.  But apparently it's not available.  She ended up getting me ranch.  I would have been happy with cobra venom after the time I waited for a bloody 5 cent package of sauce.

And the best part was... I was within earshot of the counter for the entire duration of my visit and i didn't hear a single word of apology to anyone.  The ATTITUDE on the staff was contemptible, rude, and arrogant.  One guy who waited 20 minutes for chicken voiced his concerns about the wait time when he picked up his food.  The girl at the counter stared at him like he'd offended her mother and then TURNED HER BACK TO HIM without a single word of apology.

Another lady, seeing the lineup of people around the counter waiting for food asked her "What's the wait time for chicken.  And I mean the REAL wait time.  Not the bull---- wait times you've been telling these people..."

I would like to personally fire the people who were working at the location I visited tonight.  Otherwise, I don't intend to visit it ever again.  People who don't know how to do simple service should not work in the restaurant industry.  PERIOD.Ǿ
Sometimes slow on service but always fast on flavour and great taste!

Why oh why would one ever buy a mcchicken when you can get REAL chicken meat with a sandwich from here?? 

Also there newer menu has a lot of new options like butterfly and popcorn shrimp, creole flavoured sandwich, Cajun surf and turf.

To be completely transparent on my review I am referencing the Brock and Taunton location where the service and wait time is MUCH BETTER than the Dundas and thickson location. As one reviewer previously noted the service is garbage at that location.  Drive the extra 2 miles and come to Taunton and Brock.Ǿ
This Popeye's is located just West of Thickson road on Dundas street and can be difficult to spot if you aren't driving down Dundas, so keep your eyes peeled. As well, the parking lot is small and often packed, so if you drive a big car, you may spend some time circling if the plaza is busy.

My boyfriend and I came here on a Friday night after driving around Whitby looking for something to eat. There was someone waiting at the counter to take our order right away and after we perused the menu for a bit, he decided on chicken tenders and I ended up with a shrimp combo. One thing I did see that I liked was that the counter staff upsold us on apple pies (which I might have been eyeing before she said anything) and when she told us the price, we were sold! We sat down while we waited for our food and a line began to form at the counter as it was dinnertime. We got our food after a surprisingly long wait (considering there was only one person ahead of us) and headed home. 

My shrimp was super tasty, great flavor, nice and spicy and the fries were really good too. I think you get quite a bit of food from Popeyes and it makes the cost worth it. I think its a tad more expensive than KFC, but then again, KFC doesn't have as many options and they certainly don't offer shrimp! The apple pie was a super nice end to the dinner as well, a splurge but well worth it.

The only comment I have about this particular location is that its ridiculously cold!! It was pretty cold outside and when we stepped in, I expected to warm up since there are deep friers and hot food behind the counter but it was SO cold in the restaurant! Probably because most of the outer walls are glass, but I didn't take my coat off and I couldn't wait to get out of there!

Otherwise, the food tasted as it usually does (another reliably good fast food chain), prompt, pleasant service, and I would definitely come back.Ǿ
Watched Nip Tuck last night and Dr. Troy, in a moment of weakness, was scarfing down KFC...frankly if you are going to have a moment of weakness, take a flyer on KFC and go straight to a Popeyes. This one is pretty good. The manager/owner spends way too much time staring at the kids working here...kind of creepy/intimidating, but, two weeks ago, at a Tim Horton's in Waterford, a manager would have made the place much more orderly. The kids here certainly hop to it under his watchful eye, and the place is clean as a whistle.Ǿ
Paid extra for white meat and was given 2 wings...not worth it..... Not the cleanest restaurant... They did not have coke available and the fountain pop they did have was flat... They need to recalibrate the pop and co2 mix ... I feel it was not worth the money I spent!!!Ǿ
Found hair in my food, returned it, asking for some without hair. Received no apologies, nothing, just biscuit handed to me. Will never return. Service was also quite slow and rude.Ǿ
I have been here a few times. The food is very consistently good. Unfortunately the staff and service are no where close. It seems like you are inconveniencing them when you walk in. The restaurant or washrooms are usually dirty and they are slow. I will reluctantly come here again until i find another Popeyes I'm willing to drive to.