Awesome pizza! We ordered the Giovanni's special last night and picked it up... We have never been here before, but wanted to try something different. It was so good! Yummy thin crust, sauce perfectly seasoned, and adequate topping amount. I wish there had been just a bit more cheese though. We  definitely be back. I want to try the pasta dishes next.笑
This is one great place to eat. All I can say is I wish I had found it earlier before I moved away. Awesome steak and cheese sub! Big, lots of meat and mushrooms and cheese. Delicious! Plus the fried ravioli is awesome! Can't go wrong eating here!笑
They only deliver within a 5 mile radius. 
We are 5.1 miles away and were about to order almost $100.00 worth of food.
I've heard of going the extra mile for someone but these people won't even go 1/10 of a mile!笑
This place is great. They do take out and dine in. The basic house salad comes with the best tasting green olives, tomato, onions, cucumber, a slice of provolone cheese and salami. Their pizzas are great!  Wonderful ingredients and probably the best pizza in the Concord/Kannapolis area.笑
Great for quick pizza or pasta.  Giovanni's recently went up on their prices, which puts pasta upwards of $9 a plate.  The pizza, however, is very reasonably priced.笑
Great experience, greatest by waitress and had a home welcome feeling when an owner yelled from the kitchen to ask how we were doing today. Had some amazing fried ravioli and couldn't stop at just one piece of pizza by the slice! Strongly recommend checking this place out yelpers!笑
After dealing with the lady who rolled her eyes at my family I will never be back, some of the people here need to learn some manners笑
Tasty pizza!! Great owners.  Even delivered to us after close one night.  Very high quality toppings笑
Moving here from Maryland Washington DC area it's hard to find authentic Italian food but this is one place you can definitely get it!笑
Very disappointed. Ordered rigatoni with marinara, a house salad , regular bread. The rigatoni was mush, literally falling apart  and a very small portion for the price tag. The salad was the same size as the side salad that my friend ordered with her meal for triple the price. The bread was burnt to a crisp. Two stars only for quick delivery.笑
I'll begin this by saying that my expectations were not too high for this place, so the fact that they fell below them was really disappointing. The menu looks pretty great so we ordered for for delivery one. Its a little pricey but I was pretty excited to order a White Pizza which I have not had since moving to the area last year. My excitement made the $16.50 for a large pie a little easier to swallow. What we got was NOT white pizza. Apparently these folks have never been to any other Italian pizzeria or eatery in the country to experience what a white pizza is supposed to be. Barely any riccota on the one we received and the crusted was so burnt that it almost felt like eating a flat bread. I wouldn't mind so much if the price weren't so high but even my dog wasn't interested in it. Positive: the manicoti was very good despite the $9 charge and, for $2.95, the house salads are fantastic. Will probably order pasta again from them but definitely not any speciality pizzas.笑
Great visit. Clean restaurant with very helpful staff' The chicken philly was a winner. I had the ham and cheese hot sub. We will be back!笑
Best pizza bar none.  I won't eat pizza from anywhere else if I'm near here.  Their Philly Cheesesteak pizza is out of this world.  Beefy and creamy cheesy.  They also have awesome wings and I love their Chicken Francesa.  It's fettuccine with noodles and a lemony creamy sauce with tender chicken.  You can't go wrong with anything here.  Their service is friendly and they do deliver.笑
Not sure about others, but we go here a few times a month and for Concord this is one of only a few great places to eat out.  Calzones are awesome, marinara is so good you want every last drop, pasta dishes very tasty.  Pizza far exceeds any chain and could be the best in this little town.  Love it!笑
I have visited this restaurant a few times before for take-out and dine in. All of the previous times I have been greeted by and taken care of by the owner and his very sweet wife. This time was NOT the case and all my previous positive experiences were completely wiped out by one horrendous waitress.
We started our VALENTINES DAY late lunch in a nearly empty restaurant and ordered the Antipasto Salad which was very good.  As soon as the salad arrived we were hounded by a curly haired waitress to order dinner. We told her we were going to eat the antipasto and we'd call her if we wanted to order anything else. 
She returned 4 more times in the next 10 minutes while we were trying to eat and have a conversation to ask again and again if we were going to order anything else. She then walked 6 or 7 feet away to the register and proceeded to tell the other server "I'm going to leave this screen open cause I don't know if THOSE PEOPLE are ever gonna order anything else." I MEAN SERIOUSLY!! There were only 2 other tables with customers in the entire place. Did she think we were deaf and couldn't hear her snide comments! Then she went into the kitchen. Once we finished our salad we did call over another server and placed our entrée order. The first waitress came out and asked the other one, "Soooo, did they finally order something?" AGAIN, like we couldn't hear her!  We were only there 55 minutes total and it was awful! I have never felt so rushed and like so much of an inconvenience in my life at somewhere I am PAYING to eat at.
The only time the waitress was remotely pleasant was when she was bringing the check. My husband commented that she must only be happy because we were leaving or she wanted a decent tip. My tip to her would be to get out of the service industry. 
I would strongly caution the sweet couple who own the place to get rid of this server before she destroys your business. I KNOW we will not be returning for fear of another horrendous dining experience.笑
Trying to enjoy local restaurants more. We wanted pizza and I remember they sent us out some coupons. We had pizza and wings, both good. Service fast.笑
99% of the time I ordered take out. Truly authentic NY style pizza. Very good (tho their mushrooms are canned yuck, every other topping is great!) Try their meatball subs or try the meatballs on the pizza! Service is quick and professional. The food is enjoyable. Great deserts too, cheesecake and cannoli!笑
This place is a hidden gem! We've lived on the other side of Concord until recently and never tried it. I dismissed it because it was a shopping center place. This is the best pizza I've had in the Concord/ Kannapolis area. The Sicilian is GREAT!!! We've had 3 different pasta dishes and they were so yummy. Tonight I got a cheese steak and it was spot on! They have earned our loyalty and we'll be regulars.笑
Pretty good pizza, not so great reheated (in the oven). They're close so I'd definitely order from them again. Delivery was quick, pizza was hot. Price is about the average. Good sauce &  cheese sticks.笑
Great NY style thin crust pizza in a friendly,  laid back atmosphere.  Everything we've had here has been top notch. The Garlic knots are not to be missed.笑
Best pizza I've ever eaten!! Really and I'm a pizza and burrito guy and that's good! It's really hot and melts and fresh and delicious sauceJesus笑
This place may have decent pizza but its hard to get past the horrible customer service and the fact that they basically only deliver when they want. Tried to order delivery at 9:20 on a Saturday and was told they are no longer doing deliveries. I've also been deterred from ordering from them before because the person who answered said it would be over 2 hours for delivery, It was a Thursday in concord nc, i drove by after the call on my way to the grocery store and guess what? They were dead as hell. The manager also argued with me over burnt bruschetta saying that bruschetta meant burnt toast. GTFO why did they not teach me this at culinary school?! The pizza is pretty good but only order enough to eat while its fresh because it is so greasy it sucks reheated.