Love HH! Anytime I'm craving Pizza this is my goto spot. It doesn't hurt that it's walking distance from my house And I can't help but stick with the butter cheese crust! I'd have to say this is what keeps me coming back for more. Easily the best $5 pizza spot around North Las Vegas. Hit this spot when you get the munchies. It's bound to satisfy.笑
Terrible customer service.  Owner valued a few dollars and his pride more than my 2 year history of ordering an average 15 pizzas per month.  I ordered their special (5.55 for a large one topping) with pineapple, they brought me a large Hawaiian.   This was a few dollars more.  I called them to discuss error.  The owner had to call me back.  He insisted I was wrong and would not budge.  Hmmm.... nearly 400 pizzas (I'm ordering for 10 people) ALWAYS one topping and I was wrong?  The error was not that big a deal, it happens.  What was a big deal was how the owner so pridefully and stubbornly handled me.  So if you want to just be another dollar, eat there.  If you want to have the value and respect of a loyal customer supporting a family business, eat somewhere else.  Buh-bye Hungry Howies.笑
We get pizza from here 3-5 times a month, and they have yet to disappoint!笑
Based on a recommendation from a friend, I decided to give Hungry Howie's a try, in lieu of Little Caesars for their $5 one topping pizza.

I liked the yellow and black NYC taxicab-ish theme.

I was greeted by an unfriendly, inattentive employee who took payment and left on a delivery.

The lobby was very dirty and the general maintenance was poor. Dirt and garbage everywhere, dirty, poorly maintained soda machines, and a non-operational TV adorn the interior of this joint.

The pizza was mediocre at best, on par or below the standards of similarly priced and staffed outfits. (Little Caesars, for example)

It will take some serious convincing to pass up Little Caesars for this place in my future cheap pizza excursions.笑
I work 1 mile from their cut off delivery point and they refused to bring my order AFTER I had already placed the order online and paid for it. I had to cancel the order. The lady on the phone was really rude when she called me.笑
Just returned a pizza that had a piece of hair actually baked in between the cheese and crust, a long long piece. Absolutely disgusting! I return the pizza with one bite taken out if one piece and tell them I want a refund. They only return my money for my pizza, not the bread I ordered. I drive 5 miles there to pick it up, 5 miles back home, give miles back, then home again and I get an I'm sorry.  The only reason they even get the one star us cause I have no choice put to pick at least one.笑
Anyone who doesn't like hungry howies is a communist and needs to be dealt with accordingly. Best food ever ign gave it a 10 out of 10 . Also the owner chadi is amazing and he is not a communist笑
I used to get the regular pizza and it's ok. Just recently tried the deep dish and it is by far better than the regular crust. I'd even say for a chain pizza maybe the best I've tasted. Never had an issue with any of the employees or ordering...笑
Pepperoni, bacon and buttercheese crust.... yuuuummmy! lol. Hungry Howies is by far my favorite pizza place of ALL times! food is ready within 15 minutes for pick up... and i live 10 mins away so it works out great each time! Always ready on time! :)笑
Ordered delivery yesterday. It took an hour but it was Saturday night. The delivery driver was soo nice. The buffalo pizza was pretty good. Lots of sauce. The deep dish crust is really crunchy. My kids liked the pepperoni pizzs. The wings could have been cooked a little longer. We will have it again.笑
My number one pizza, for sure.  The Pepperoni is always slightly crisp around the edges, which I freakin' love.  The sauce is wonderfully flavorful and the cheese is nice and stretchy.  Butter cheese crust is quite delicious as well.  AND they always have hella cheap specials, like a large for 7 bucks.  I wish to God there was more locations!  Can't recommend enough!!!笑
they have flavored crusts and the pizza itself is pretty good =) great experience would go back if i wanted a to have a movie night at home with my amazing wife =)笑
The staff sucks, but the pizza rocks! Every time they are rude I swear off them forever...but always go crawling back for some of that garlic herb crust.笑
I just had my first visit to this pizza joint today which is soooo close to my house.  I'd heard great things about Howie's crust so thought why not.  I called and placed an order and was told it would be ready in 20 min.  I arrived in 20 minutes and was greeted promptly by a nice young delivery guy ...who informed me he didn't think it was ready due to a large order that ad just come in to Lowes next door.  He then asked when I was told to be there to which i replied 20 min...20 min ago...sure enough he checks the order and confirms.  So he tells a gal in the back to which she replies "I don't really care right now I'm to busy with this"...I think he either knew it wasn't like there was a back office or that her voice did carry because he looked embarrassed for her when he reappeared from behind the half wall.  Glad to hear I didn't matter.   Oh well.  I'm told it may be 20-25 more.  I wait it out.  During the wait I hear the 2 girls working say "okay we got to start that guys pizza..it's half sausage and half veggie...but WE ARE OUT OF TOMATOES!"
"Are you serious"
"Yes"
so...needless to say I got to wondering if my veggie side would get tomato, would they even say anything to me that they were out?  would they just hope i didn't notice and skip the apology?  ended up being the latter. :(
then something great happened....girl one said ..."we are slammed how come you didn't call someone to come in!"
"Because everyone is like 16  and is in school ...It's Monday!"
"Yeah....but it's Memorial day...they don't have school."
person obviously somewhat in charge of scheduling had no idea it was a national holiday...awesome!
Must say...The crust was no joke very bagel- esque(overall a pretty good pie too), and the young man racing out the door every 5 seconds to deliver pizza was the only one of the 3 with any sense of customer service or common sense....I mean I'm the customer....If your going to talk smack, or say you don't care about my order, or you don't like your coworkers....realize we can hear you from the front....whisper, wait for a break, text each other later at home.  if your going to cut me some toppings....apologize at least, maybe offer me another topping?笑
Their pizza is terrific, but they have lost my business.  Twice now I've called with two different coupons THEY'VE given me and they would not honor them.  There were no expiration dates on the coupons, sorry Hungry Howie's that's just bad business.笑
Best pizza! Yummiest calzones!! Get the wings well done so good! 
The best part is also their flavored crust butter cheese and ranch! 
Also try the sub sauce for calzones!笑
Terrible customer service.

I called in for one of their specials opted in for the delivery option.
First off they put me on hold about 6 times just for a pizza order.
I had to give my address to 3 different guys because apparently no one knows WTF they're doing!!! Lastly after I was finally able to place my order, one of the workers called me half an hour later saying that I was out of their delivery area. Like really? You didn't know I was out of your area after I gave you guys my address 3 Fing Times!!! PIZZA HUT HERE I COME!笑
Where do I begin....I love love love pizza and for a chain Hungry Howies is spot on. My favorite by far is the double pepperoni deep dish with extra sauce. It is very flavorful and for the price cant go wrong. The regular pizzas are also good I do recommend extra sauce with a flavored crust such as cajun, its delicious! 

The store is small but clean. Location is very easy to get in and out of. Employees have always been friendly. This is my go to place for fast, affordable and convenient pizza!

Just as a side note and comparison...my other favs non chain are Grimaldis, Pizza Rock, Five50 (inside Aria), and Old School (love the dough).笑
I haven't been to a Hungry Howies in over 10 years. I just moved here and saw this place not even a mile from my house. I was giddy like a school girl! I'm so glad they haven't changed over the years. Pizza is still JUST as delis!h! I love the different flavored crusts. Cajun is my fav!笑
Flavored crust!  Need I say more? 
Now with that being said, the pizza itself is okay at best.  Eatable, but won't blow your socks off.
The crust, though? Wish I could order just that over and over!笑
Eh pizza is alright. Not a crazy fan of but it could also be because they took AN HOUR to deliver when we are 5 mins away.笑
I LOVE the pizza. They understand what extra cheese means! That being said, why only three stars? 

The people are jerks! Seriously, every time I order, they act like your doing them a favor to treat you like crap. I had the manager take my order this evening, Vanessa, good grief. I'm sorry for adding something to my order so I can spend more money at your establishment. Geez...
But the delivery guys are always nice :)笑
$5 for a large 1 topping pizza with a choice of differnt tasting crusts? Yep, it's great!笑
This stuff is fantastic! The crust has just the right enough of crunch, and you can choose your flavor - sesame and garlic herb are my favorites. Toppings are high quality, and the sauce is delicious. Topping choices are decent - not as many as I'd like, but they have green olives, so consider me a happy customer! Very highly recommended!笑
I love their flavored crust! The cajun and garlic ones are my favorite. Pizza is good. They normally deliver it super fast to my house. And they have some pretty good deals most of the time.笑
I've liked Hungry Howies in the past.  This time I ordered a small pizza and a large pizza at 6:17 pm.  I received and email indicating that I would receive  our order in 60 minutes.  I called at 7:30 to see if the delivery driver might have been lost only to be told by the person who answered that the online system is incorrect and they are actually running 90 minute (keep in mind this is a week day not a weekend).  I asked why they had a system that said 60 minutes and he put me on hold.  A couple of minutes later an "assistant manager" picked up.  She told me that their system is wrong and sorry but "too bad" this is what I had to deal with.  She said actually it was going to be another 30 minutes - that is 1 hr and 40 minutes to get a pizza...because they didn't have it done and no driver was available.  This is definitely a management issue. The assistant manager did not offer to make it right in any way.  We have enjoyed Hungry Howies in the past but I will not order from you again if this is the customer service I am going to receive!  Sadly, I thought you guys were better than this!笑
They offer several online order deals; however you  cannot pay cash via the website. Unfortunately, when I tried to contact the corporate office to ask why, I spoke to more than one person who had NO idea this is an issue.笑
Just ordered from this place for the first time. The delivery was on time. I really like the pizza, its a good cheep pizza, and I also liked the Howie rolls. But the chicken wings I won't order again I don't like the texture and they seem very gelatinous. Overall I like the place and will order again笑
Good pizza....great price. Try the philly cheesesteak pizza, it is amazing!笑
I have to say i LOVE the pizza but was Very disapointed in the "boneless wings" aka Chicken nuggets that you dip in bbq sauce... Now on the other hand the traditional bone-in wings were awesome and I usually dont like them... the price is great $5 for a lg one topping and get to choose your flavorof crust!!! YUMMMMMO笑
I've always loved hungry Howies,  they're actually my favorite. Until the last two times I've ordered a salad too. Both times the lettuce was brown and gross. So I finally called the last time and got a credit on my account. No big deal.  I just called to place my order and asked to use my credit towards my pizza since I have no intention of getting the salad ever again.  The guy on the line was very polite and helpful, however when he asked the manager she said no. I'm annoyed that the money I spent on two disgusting salads that directly hit the garbage can can't be rolled over to something my family would enjoy on our occasional pizza night. Hopefully they fix this policy.笑
Very tasty, never had a problem til tonight. One of our medium pizza with ranch crust had ranch allllll over half of the pizza that I can scrape it off.. When I complained to Wendy and asked her to speak to the person making pizza she says she didnt know who was on the line. Their pizzas are made salty. I said no iys flabored crust not flavor the crust and pizza. The other half and other pizza we ordered was fine. I asked if I can email her my complaint along with the picture and she asked me to bring the pizza back. It was 10pm, with 3 kids at home this was not an option and thats why I prefer email. I asked if she even care and she says.their manager has left already. Dead ends everywhere. I get a free pizza but it was not the point.  I posted the picture with some ranch Ive scraped off with my finger. #hungryhowies #badcustomerservice #badleadership #flavoredcrust #usuallygreat #toosalty #toomuchseasoning #pizzafail笑
First time I tried this place I was stunned on how you can choose what flavor crust you want for your pizza. I always get Cajun bread,really gives a kick when you bite into your slice of pizza.笑
For the price and size it was okay. I was not too impressed because in comparison to the other pizza business, it is about the same. The advantage they have is the crust.笑
Pretty OK pizza for a pretty OK price. To me the pizza is just a slight step above Little Caesars. I'd suggest giving it a shot if you feel like something cheap and easy.笑
Only bad thing is very small seating area. Crusts are amazing, I had garlic herb. Large $5 can't beat it. I can tell their business is 90% delivery but I'd still stop by and pickup again!笑
I get this pizza all the time the flavor is one of a kind and the flavored crust just makes it that much better! A must try you won't be disappointed!笑
So we've lived down the street from this place for a couple years but have never tried it, so we finally decided to try it.  I was pleasently surprised.  We got the deep dish veggie, which was actually not bad.  We also got a junior pizza for my neice, it waas cute.  The one thing I thought was weird, was the subs.  They come like a calzone, which is different.  Not a bad thing, just expected the regular sandwich.  The only complaint I have is the delivery time, took about an hour, but the food was still hot so can't complain too much either.  All in all, not bad.  Id go there again.笑
First time customer. Ordered the works deep dish! Very good! Will be coming back definitely. I'm normally a grimaldi's, settebello's, verrazano's or Due Forni pizza eater but Howies is definitely in my top five now. Never heard of them before笑
Still amazing. One of the best chains around. I like the steak Howie roll. It's an eat with your hands on the go type of meal.笑
Hungry Howies is the best! Good Pizza and the kids actually eat the flavored crust, I love it when I don't have to eat everyone's left over crust just so we don't waste! Register and order online and you get a free medium one topping pizza! They also offer great deals online any day of the week.笑
This place is soooo nasty! There hardly any toppings and the pizza dough was so thin and gross, will never go back again!笑
I love Hungry Howies Food but I have YET to have an order from this location correct. I will literally have 3 items and they still seem to get it wrong. I placed a picture of my receipt in the photos . 3 items . 1 med cheese pizza and 2 howie rolls well done. They are suppose to come with dipping sauce and mine didn't.They always undercook them. Last time I ordered one they had to resend one out and it was really good when they made it right(or the way I like it, sorry if I like cooked dough)  there was no dipping sauce either.  None at all. So I called and they said they would give me credit for a howie roll. Really cause in all actuality we trashed both Howies rolls...both were undercooked which I explained to the girl plus we didn't get the dipping sauce and the cheese pizza wasn't for us it was for my grandpa. So the money to Howies plus tip goes in the trash and so does the dinner I thought we were having, PLUS wee are still hungry , looks like cereal for us after all EPIC FAIL HUNGRY HOWIES. And if u look up our account, u will see u always screw up. And I'm always very nice about it, I've never been rude or not understanding, but enough is enough. One time I would like to get my order right, and get what I paid for. And at least have my food cooked.笑
Garlic & herb crust on chicken pizza- ask to cook a little extra for more crispy! There Greek salad is good also!笑
Good for delivery and take out. I had a large pepperoni pizza with garlic herb crust. It tasted like pizza on garlic bread :)) It was very tasty.笑
The pizza here is pretty good. Definitely better than the average pizza. I really like the fact that you can choose different flavors of crust. The wings are decent, nothing special but they are tasty.笑
One of my favorite pizza joints. Lots of options and choices to customize your order. Fresh ingredients at a great price. Customer service is friendly and they get your order thru fast. The garlic herb crusted option is delicious. The wings are also good. They have gluten free bread also which is rare at some places. Will come back for more.笑
Damn, I love Howie's greasy pizza. When I realized that the only Hungry Howie's in Vegas is not far from my house, I figured that I should see if the pizza still tastes like I remember from Florida. It doesn't hurt that they offer great deals, and around 8 different flavors for the crust. That's right, no boring, discardable pizza crust at Howie's! While the pizza and ranch-seasoned crust combo was already quite salty, I saw feta cheese offered as a topping and thought, why not? Next time, I may even add some vegetables to the mix. We're not talking about health food here.

If you're still eating Little Caesar's or some other generic takeout pizza, you're missing out on some great munchies.笑
I am in love with the subs here especially the steak and cheese one its delicious I really hate that I'm dieting right now because if I could I would probably get a steak and cheese sub every single day they're basically like calzones they're pretty big I get a small and I have half for dinner and then the next day have the other half for lunch so filling and so reasonably priced just delicious笑
The food from here is outstanding! I ordered a pizza from here tonight and was told it would take 20 minutes, I left my house 15 minutes later and upon arriving at the store I was told my order would be ready in 15 minutes (probably had not even been put in the oven yet). After waiting 25 more minutes I was told my order would be ready in 2 minutes. The lobby was full of people waiting on their orders too, one woman got there ahead of me and was still waiting when I left. Another customer had asked if a military discount was available and was told no, it's hard to believe that in the state of affairs the world is in some businesses still do not recognize the contributions our military has made to our well being.笑
First off if you have a group of kids to feed great choice! Easy to order and the  taste is good for the price and other comparable pizza places. Third you can't beat the price. We will be coming back in the future.笑
Pizza is very good for price if you call for pickup its always ready early go there lot of times never had a problem笑
Awesome pizza and awesome people! Had no idea this place existed until a few weeks ago and now I'm so grateful I do! Garlic herb and asiago for the win!笑
Yesterday I came into Hungry Howies with two coupns for a free small cheese pizza. Even though there was a bit of confusion on how to apply the coupons, the employees were very nice and even gave me some free breadsticks for the wait.
I loved the pizza, and the flavored crusts! The cajun flavor was the best (I got garlic and cajun crusts) and the breadsticks were good as well. I want to try all the crusts now :) Overalll their service and food were great!笑
I had a slice of pizza from this place at a friends house shortly after they first opened. I couldn't remember if I liked it or not, so I suggested to hubby that we try this place for dinner. The employees inside were very courteous and friendly and the guy who gave me the pizza let me know they offer delivery, which is a plus if you like the pizza. 

Hungry Howie's claims to be "The Home of the Flavored Crust" and offers 8 different types to choose from. The concept here I do like. It sounds like a too good to be true pizza place. Well, it is in my opinion. The 8 types of flavors are butter, asiago cheese, cajun, butter cheese, ranch, sesame, garlic herb and onion. Sounds great right?

I ordered a large "Cheese Pizza" and a large "1/2 Pepperoni and 1/2 Sausage Pizza" as well "Asiago Howie Bread" to go along with the pizza. When I first opened the pizza it looked great. I asked for the cheese pizza to have butter cheese crust. I could see the ring of butter soaked into the pizza box around the crust and it didn't bother me because I did order a pizza with butter on it, but the crust as well the pizza in general had no real flavor. Maybe all the butter cheese flavor soaked into the pizza box instead? The pizza wasn't gross, it just wasn't great. Very average for all the flavor the menu claims to offer. Hubby had garlic herb on his crust and after I sampled a bite of his crust I tasted no garlic flavor. The howie bread I found to be dry and not the type of cheesy I was looking for. The total was $25.93 for the 2 pizzas and bread which I wouldn't have minded if the food tasted as good as it looked. I might be up for trying this place again in the future, but not anytime soon. 

Other things offered on the menu are salads, calzones and wings. You can also order online.笑
We were very pleased to discover one of these in Las Vegas, a big bonus that there was one somewhat close to home.  Cajun crust is the only way to go!笑
We keep coming back here. It's good pizza at a reasonable price. We love the ranch flavored crust. But other than their pizza, I can't recommend anything else on their menu.笑
I never would have tried this place if they were not running a great special.
I take my dogs to the groomer at Clip N Tails, and I also get my haircut at Port. I noticed that so many people had pizza boxes from this place, and when I got in my car, I saw their banner ad for $5, one topping, large pizza, and of course I made a mental note. Come the weekend, and I don't want to cook lunch, I called for a takeout order. I was going to order online, but I did not find the special prices online. Their regular priced pizzas are not cheap, but I ordered a large cheese, a large sausage, and a large Hungry Howie Special. The total was just under $25, which would have made the specialty pizza about $15. We also added the crust topping of garlic herb and it was tasty. The pizzas were ready when they said they would be. It wasn't busy at all when we got there, but they had quoted a 20 min pickup time. The toppings all seemed fresh and the crust was not soggy or burned.
I would definitely go there again, but mainly for the $5 large one topping :)笑
No complaints about Hungry Howie's. The flavors and crust make the pizza. For the price, you can't beat this pizza anywhere. I've never seen it busy. We usually call ahead and pick up the pizza in store. It never takes them more than 15-20 minutes to make it. Delivery is pretty quick too. 
Our favorites are thin crust with pineapple and ham, butter cheese and garlic crust and original round with pepperoni and jalapeños, butter cheese and garlic crust. I'm not big on their Howie bread but my husband swears by it. 
Doesn't usually cost us over $20. 
10/10, haven't been anywhere else since moving to this side of town and discovering the place.笑
The worst pizza place ever! And I mean the worst! We ordered 4 large pizzas and was told that it would be ready for pick up in 45 mins. We went there and was told that it was going to take another 15 minutes before it will be ready. My daughter paid for the pizzas already so we waited another 15 minutes only to be told it would take another 15. What the heck? Every time the 15 minutes would come up we were told another 15 minutes.  Overall, we were waiting for almost 2 hours for 4 large pizzas. I requested to get my money back. I will never, ever patronize this pizza house ever again! Cheap pizza, cheap service! That's what you'll get from this  place!笑
I've had good and bad experiences with Hungry Howies in California, but i decided to give this one a try.didn't feel like the usual Papa John's so i went ahead and ordered online.while not as flashy and awesome as Domino's online ordering, it's simple to use.had a large half mushroom-half black olive pizza with a ranch crust.if you are trying the flavor crust for the 1st time, i recommend you go with the thin crust as the regular one kinda gets soggy after they apply the flavor juices to it.my only beef was the delivery time.1 hour delivery time on a Monday afternoon is shit.this might have had something to do with the online ordering, i dunno.next time, i won't be so lazy and just call them up.笑
I grew up in Phoenix where there is hungry howies every where. When I saw it I had to order and the flavored crust was as good as I remember. Definitely recommend if your a crust person!笑
Four stars relative to its competition (fast food pizza and delivery places).

$5.55 for a large one-topping carryout is a good deal, and the pizza is better than we expected.  The cheese is advertised as real mozzarella and is probably the highlight; next time I'll ask for extra. The flavored crust is unique in this segment.  We tried the garlic herb and it is good.  Their online menu did not list jalapenos as a topping, but they have them.  The hot wings are the same as you get at any pizza place, baked in the oven and not crispy.  The hot sauce is serviceable but not memorable.  We tried an order of the cinnamon bread and we surprised at how good it was.  Not a gourmet dish of course, but chewy with lots of cinnamon and icing; it really cures a sweet tooth.

Based on reviews prior to 04/2012 we anticipated poor service, but the nice lady who took our phone order was very patient and friendly.  My wife picked up the order and she said the place looked clean and everybody was friendly, even when she tacked on the order of cinnamon bread as an impulse buy (she smelled it when she walked into the store and had to buy it).  She also said the baked subs smelled awesome, so we may try those next time we want something cheap and quick.笑
Pizza is good same day, anything cold and reheated isn't so great. Enjoyed the pizza for the most part and didn't mind the hour plus delivery time. Up untill today when I ordered a deal and then tried to use my free birthday coupon. They said my coupon wasn't good because they needed a 5$ purchase at regular menu price. So I added another 10$ worth of Howie rolls to which brought my order to over 35$ with the other stuff I ordered. they then told me I still didn't meet the requirement because I had another deal already going on. Lame Hungry Howies. I can understand the whole need to order X ammount at regular price, but when I do that and you still wont take my coupon come on :(笑
Food was ok. Crust was decent. Service a bit slow which is odd bc doesn't seem like a lot of people good there.  I may go back once they give better offers to bring customers back.  I'm all for keeping our local business going but if they don't make more of effort to keep you wanting to come back.. may lose more business笑
The people working here are nice and the inside is clean. I had howie bread and that was hard and the pizza sauce that came with it tastes terrible. I liked the thickness of the crust on my pizza but the pizza itself really lacked flavor. The pepperoni and sausage on my pizza did taste okay but the pizza all together just wasn't anything special. The amount of toppings on the pizza was fair. There was supposed to be a garlic flavor on the pizza crust but I tasted nothing but a so-so pizza crust. I'm a big boy who can eat a lot and could only eat 1 and a half pieces. I'm not a huge fan of Little Caesar's but the pizza there is cheaper on your wallet and actually has taste to it.笑
Not really a review but interesting story. I am at home and got on the phone app to order their online large 2 topping pizza for $10.00. I follow all the steps to order (very easy by the way) and since I live close, I would go to them and pick it up. At check out, I noticed I could only pay by card even if it was carry out. Since I wanted to pay cash, I simply cancelled my online order and would order it when I got there. Upon arrival, a very nice young lady greeted me and I told her I want the online two item special for $10.00. She said no problem but it's actually for 3 toppings not two. SCORE!! Not only was the large pizza only $10 it came with a bonus topping. If you look online it says two toppings. But who am I to argue?!?笑
Be careful when ordering online I tried to order online when they were still open(at 9:30pm), the online site said that they were closed, I called they clearly stated that they weren't and they've been having a lot of issues with the online ordering lately so I asked the guy if I can go ahead and order over the phone, he replied yes, they had a coupon for buy one specialty pizza get one one topping pizza for 19.99, I asked if I was able to still use that coupon on the website since my whole intention was to order online anyways, he tells me that he cannot accommodate me knowing that the website has trouble. Good customer service always goes a long way but this guy was terrible, like it was my fault that the website was giving ME trouble.笑
I have to give it up to Hungry Howies, they are definitely a step up from that Pizza! Pizza! place :-P The prices are fairly reasonable & they have deals all the time. The pizza here is pretty greasy, but not any worse than any other pizza joint. They are definitely nice & cheesy, which I love...a lot! They also have 8 flavored crusts to choose from; original, butter, cajun, butter cheese, sesame, ranch, garlic herb, and onion. My personal fave is garlic herb. They also have the other usual suspects, breadsticks, cinna-bread, wings, subs & salads. I can't really opine on any of those, other than the cinna-bread. Not really something I would order again. But, you an judge for yourself. Also, no matter what size you order, all pizzas are sliced into 8 slices. Oh & one major downfall, IMO is that they serve that inferior cola product that has always been & will probably always be 2nd to Coke ;-)笑
The pizza is pretty good considering the price, but I have to agree the service here sucks.  I was on my way to a friend's house and I wanted to grab some take out for us.  This is in my neighborhood and in the direction of my friends house so location was the deciding factor here. I walked up and ordered with a gal in the front and was told about fifteen minutes, which is not too bad.  So I sat down and waited.  And waited.  And listened to the cashier whine about her personal problems as her conversation echoed through the store, and waited.  At the twenty five minute mark I started to pace around.  Finally some guy comes from the back and asks me my name.  Turns out my pizza had been sitting in a warmer for God knows how long while I sat in the lobby waiting.  That beyond pisses me off.  Maybe while your crying about your life, you could, I don't know, also pay attention to what is going on too.  I don't know it might be too much to ask for.  I'll skip this place in the future.笑
Good prices and really tasty pizza's. I was really impressed with the butter cheese crust, very tasty and the cheese was really stringy and laid on thick.笑
The people who work here are very friendly! I never had a bad experience. They're polite when things take a little longer than usual but my orders are usually done before the time they give. 

Upon moving to north Las Vegas I shortly discovered hungry howies and their phenomenal flavored crust!! Their garlic and herb crust is second to none! I get a large pepperoni with garlic and herb crust! So freaking good! Definitely a must try!