VIBE 
Oh, the Oxley, how I love thee. With your leather seating, grandmotherly patterned plates and overall warm atmosphere, thank you for making Yorkville a little less pretentious. 

I ATE 
The burger. This was a surprise eat for me. Hand chopped, this thick and meaty patty really satisfied those hunger pangs. Bonus points for the house-made sauce (it's not chutney, it's not ketchup but it's kind of a mix) and some fantastic salty fries. 

OBLIGATORY CATCHY REMARK 
File under surprise eats of 2013 
I'll be back for proper pub food, though笑
Nice. Food very good. Too pricey. Well acquainted.  The atmosphere is very good. Would go again to try the rest of the items on the menu. Hamburger will be the test.笑
My girlfriend and I go to the Snug Bar upstairs before our book club meeting in the neighborhood.   So once a month we have the burger...choped meat and outstandingly delicious.   The fries are yummy.  Usually have a glass of Cava.  Great staff.笑
Really good service.  The bartender was knowledgable, efficient, polite -- so in that regard, the Oxley gets a full 5-stars.

The rest of it just wasn't special enough to warrant more than one visit.  Lighting was too bright, which didn't match the extremely loud, blaring music.  You're either a lounge, or a pub, make up your mind.  The clientele wasn't anything super cool either, so nothing won or lost there.  Because it's in Yorkville, the prices are really high, and the cocktail list literally didn't have one single cocktail on it I wanted to order, so I had to go "off menu".

Basically, I'd recommend the Queen & Beaver over The Oxley - or even better, skip both.  (Service better at Oxley, though)笑
Wow!!

My wife and I have been here on many occasions and it's always been a good experience-they even have a plug in the ceiling (just in case). We sat at the bar for dinner because the restaurant was too busy and there wasn't enough space for us. Vincent the bartender was a champ, very knowledgable on all aspects of service, food and drinks and was very attentive in serving us. The cocktails that he made us were spot on, although despite containing fresh juice, the Soother cocktail was not shaken. 

The only negative thing that I could possibly say is that the food runner had nothing to say about the food (description). All else was superb.

Food 8/10
Drinks 10/10
Service 9/10笑
Went for breakfast on Saturday and there weren't too many other people so service was great. The food was just fine. 

I got the Full English which was quite small - no hasbrowns and I only got one small piece of toast. The beans seemed undercooked. I enjoyed everything but wished there was more. My husband ordered the pancakes which he said were way too sweet because it is completely soaked in the sauce. The Scotch Egg we ordered to share was fine in terms of flavour but if you usually like yours fresh and hot, like I do, then you'll be disappointed.

I liked Queen and Beaver and thought I would enjoy this place as well but it just kinda missed the mark for me.笑
This place, sister establishment to the Queen and Beaver, shares many of the latter's great properties. Friendly efficient staff, comfortable quirky interior, groups of happy friends and family customers. For all its similarities it has a unique identity, and I can imagine being s patron of both without finding myself bored or wondering where I was.

This morning's Eggs Benny ( the winner of a struggle with the omelet du jour which was bacon and cheddar) was presented perfectly and beautifully. Wonderful wood smoke flavours in the background.

I'm thinking though that the Q&B's Eggs Benny wins here. The hollandaise I'm used to there has a tart lemony edge that I missed here, and the cheese scone used as a foundation there trumps the more conventional toasted scone here.

Having said that, these are fine points, and brunch here is a delightful experience.笑
Honestly subpar food that was soggy, bland, and took forever to come out. Would not come here again笑
This is similar to the Queen and Beaver.   The location is perfect.  Love the atmosphere.  it has front and back patios.  Staff (the tattoo server) is good.   +0.5 star I went there for brunch.  Price is not cheap.  -0.5 star Choice is limited.

I had fish and chip there.  3 stars It's good, just good.  The tree at the backyard is big and smell when flowers blooms.  And the fruit from that tree smells a lot.  -0.5 

I will definitely go back again because of the restaurant is very clean.  +1 star

Total I give 3.5 stars 

well done笑
This place has amazing food, an amazing atmosphere and really nice servers. It was a little loud though, and the service was a little slow; it felt like we were waiting for forever for the bill.笑
Stopped by for a pint and a bite after the ROM. Great food, great service, great ambiance. Not much more to say!笑
The Oxley had been recommend to me a couple of time. so I thought it was time to give it a try. All 'n all it was a good experience. Liked the ambiance. Staff was friendly. Food was good. A thumbs up in my books!笑
beautiful space, inside and out.  cozy decor on the inside, and intimate patios at front and back.  and it fills a strangely overlooked niche in TO: the authentic british pub.  

while the menu as a whole looked interesting and exotic, i was not happy with my meal.  i had the burger, which was tough, dry and tasteless, as was the stiff bacon it was garnished with.  the bun was also stiff and bland.  fries were decent, as was the homemade ketchup.  

my DC had the guineafowl which was well executed

although it was the worst burger i've had in recent memory, especially for $18, i look forward to returning for another cask conditioned ale and to try some of the other food offerings.笑
Perfect terrasse, good service and drink selection. Definitely a place to go for a friendly drink笑
I came here for brunch on a Saturday with some family friends, and was pleasantly surprised. The Oxley unlike its surroundings offers it a cozy pub-like environment with delicious food. Two people in our group ordered the burger, and had nothing but good things to say about It. It came with a side of big thick hand cut fries. I myself ordered the hollaindaise spinach and mushroom scones and although delicious, I wish there was more! My plate was a little underwhelming for the $14.00 I paid. My other friend ordered the Big English and was happy with everything she got. 

Ambience and Service was ok. It got a bit loud because we were there at a busy time and its very dark and small in the restaurant. 

Overall, good experience, I'd likely come back again and be more wise with my choice of food :)笑
A hidden little treasure in Yorkville.  Wonderful patio behind and each and every time we have been there our wait staff and servers are 5*.  I love the menu foods and varieties and their specials are lovely. Very competent chef.  A consistent classic experience to unwind and enjoy company.
Dr. Natalie Archer笑
3.5 stars 

Nice Pub in Yorkville. Patio in front for those who want to be seen, patio in the back for those seeking refuge. The Oxley is in a beautiful house, thoughtfully restored in excellent taste. Bonus points for the washrooms which I particularly enjoy. Good service, they take reservations and they have a large selection of bevvys. Much nicer than any other drinking establishment in Yorkville, so highly welcomed.笑
Good food and drink selection. Staff can be rude and service bad at times.笑
Food are pretty decent, first time having such high quality fish and chips. However, the service wasn't that on point. My cup was out of water for more than 15 min and no one notice (I was one of the only two customers during that time). Would come back for the food though.笑
BOTTOM LINE: It's the posh and hipper brother of the Queen & Beaver. A fancier menu, a richer selection of bevvies (cask beers, cocktails, etc.) and not one, but 2 patios!

(3.5 STARS)

The Oxley is the posh, hip older brother of the Q&B. Located at the intersection of Yorkville and Hazelton, you're greeted by a nondescript red house with a spacious patio out front. A cozy bar area meets you at the entrance before revealing a green hallway of widely spaced tables. Towards the back, a door leads to an even larger back patio that's sure to be packed in the summer months!

Their bevvy selection is quite impressive from rotating casks selections, to their Innis & Gun on tap, to even the Sheffield-brewed Thornbridge Jaipur IPA (very delicious!). There's also an assortment of interesting cocktails and dessert wines.

I started off with the SCOTCH EGG & HP followed by their HALIBUT WITH SKORDALIA & WATERCRESS-FENNEL SALAD. The scotch egg was the same deliciously fried goodness that's offered at the Q&B and is one of my go-to choices. The halibut came tightly wrapped in nori (seaweed) and had a firm texture to it. The skordalia paired well with the fish and provided a sweet flavour to it.

My DCs ordered the FISH & CHIPS (just like the Q&B and the perfect choice if you're of the indecisive sort!) and the DRY AGED BEEF BURGER & CHIPS. Sadly, the burger was a disappointment for my DCs. Whilst you can choose how rare you want it and the cheese on top (stilton, cheddar, etc.), there are no additional toppings offered. Furthermore, the beef tasted dry and the buns didn't' appear properly toasted.

Whilst a fair number of items from their "bar" menu were direct transplants from the Q&B, including their continued misspelling of WELSH "RABBIT" (it should be rarebit :P), their "pub" menu offers pricier selections such as their FISH PIE & PEAS and DRY AGED RIB EYE & STILTON TRENCHER. The Q&B's Sunday evening feasting dinners have returned, though oddly, it's listed on their drinks menu.

My main misgiving is that while I feel that The Oxley is a much-needed addition to the Yorkville area, I couldn't help but think how much better suited it would be along the the gentrifying Dundas and Ossington area or even the theatre district. Nonetheless, if you've ever needed a reason to head north of Bloor, now you have one. :P笑
Great place for a bite in Yorkvilke.   Stopped in for brunch on a Saturday afternoon, place was busy but still able took sit the two of us.

Atmosphere is warm and very welcoming.  Service and food were both great.

I had the three egg omlete with a side of bacon, wife had the fish and chips.  Both were prepared perfectly and hit the spot.  Definitely will be returning.笑
Great true British Pub.....maybe more of a resto. Amazing food here, great service, compared to the worst service 3days ago at the Bristol, a pub trying to be like this place. Great menu, great beers on tap.....proper.笑
A proper pub in Yorkville, at last. (Sorry Hemmingways.. )

I'll try to get a photo so that folks know what theyre looking for. Even though I knew I was going to the corner of Yville and Hazleton, it took me a few minutes to find the Oxley because there is no sign at street level, just a lovely patio. Rather, the name of the establishment is displayed prominently around second-floor level of the bright maroon building. Lets call that a blonde moment on my part. 

We were in for a few pints and the staff were friendly and knowledgeable and had us lined up with drinks pretty quickly. I like to think of myself as a fairly accomplished alcohol enthusiast, but there was only one beer on their draught list that I'd heard of. I like that, especially in a neighbourhood that collectively might be the biggest tourist trap in the country. +10 points. As I'd already eaten, I did not have a main there but split a couple cheese-and-things-melted-on-rye-type creations later in the evening and they were delicious. Prices are on par with the neighbourhood, so plan on $10+ drinks, and so forth. I skimmed the menu can can see that everything has been carefully selected by someone with discerning tastes. Foodie friends who have quickly become regulars are raving about the dishes they've tried, and I take their word on it. 

The ambiance is lovely. Its a quiet, intimate sort of space with wood and antiquey looking things that might have lived in my great aunt's sitting room. I think I even saw a 10-person wooden dining room table with high-backed chairs towards the back of the place. Theres just something terribly inviting about the entire space. As mentioned, there is a patio in the front, where patrons can nosh and people-watch in the sunshine. I'm told the back patio is also open, though have not explored yet. 

A great addition to the neighbourhood, and quickly becoming a favorite haunt. I imagine I'll edit this to 5 stars once I've explored more of the menu.笑
The waiting staff are very friendly. They have a great selection of cocktails and small bites.笑
Quaint British style pub in Yorkville. Good service for a first visit. The Ploughman's Platter is a good choice for sharing small bites. It comes with two pate selections, pickled vegetables (cauliflower, string beans, onion, pickles), and four toasted bread slices. Elderflower Collins was subtle on the floral taste, more on the tart side.笑
I ordered their egg benny with smoked salmon was really good.笑
Visited the Oxley for the first time a few weeks back and thought this was a nice concept pub, ramped up a notch to be just a touch more sophisticated.  Not surprising considering its Yorkville location.  

The service is professional yet down to earth and friendly, and what can I say about the food and beverage? Everyone at the table was impressed with their orders.

I had the following:

1. Foie Gras Torchon with Melba Toast and Wild Blueberries
2. Brick Chicken with peaches and cream corn succotash
3. Beer: Old Speckled Hen

The Foie Gras was so good, it was rich, creamy, and flavourful.  Better than I'd imagined, and for this the chef should be carted off for serving something so deliciously decadent!  Yes, something this good should be illegal!!!  Is it wrong to lick the plate?

The brick chicken came together with such savory elements that combined the chicken, the sweetness of the peach, and delivered on every level of taste.

How can one pass up Old Speckled Hen.  You won't find it in many pubs but when you can try it.

Overall: 5/5
Service: 5/5
Food: 5/5笑
My better half took me here for my birthday (she knows me too well).  I like classic British pub fare.
They're like comfort food to me and often makes me want to take a nap afterwards. Tried Scottish eggs here for the first time (not my cup o' tea). The rest of the food was tasty, rich and flavourful.  The portions were generous and I was stuffed.  No desserts.  We shared the pheasant terrine (think pate) and a really tasty cream of celery soup.  Onto the main, I had Haddock and Chips (of course) and my wife had the Oxley fish pie and peas (think shepherd's pie with fish).  No complaints about anything here.  Prices are what they are in ritzy Yorkville.笑
My favorite pub in all of Toronto. Despite the names of the dishes, they are fantastic! First time I tried rabbit was here and it was good. Great bangers and mash.

All out fan of this place.笑
LOVE the food here! Been here 3 times now as I work in the area. Everything I have tried is excellent. The service is very good.  I absolutely love the decor and atmosphere. 

Order the fish & chips and you can't go wrong. The portion size is great. 

Oh and don't forget the curry ketchup...YUM!笑
I dined here today with my friend for brunch. He found the place via Yelp and the pictures looked amazing so we had to try it out on our last at in Toronto. Being that I am from San Francisco, I am extremely spoiled when it comes to good food so it's a little hard to impress me. Oxley definitely impressed me and I can't wait to go back here the next time I'm here! 

The decor is absolutely adorable and I even peaked out to see their garden (full of snow today but I'm sure it gets a lot of use when it's nice out)! The food was excellent. I had their smoked salmon quiche and enjoyed every single bite of it. When you come here, get their house made hot sauce. Oh my godddd... Amazing!! I'm a huge hot sauce fan and this is definitely in my top 5 (slap ya mama is #1). 

Service was excellent. I forget our waitresses name (short brown hair), but she was super sweet and attentive. 

Trust me, come here for a delicious bite. Can't wait to come back!笑
Great food. Fantastic bar. 
So loud. Lunch or dinner inside will leave you with a sore throat from the screaming at your friends across the table. Yeah, that loud.笑
I feel bad for the chef here because the food is quite good, but the service makes it hard to imagine ever going back. 

I know #Toronto isn't known for it's service but the Oxley is probably the worst I've experienced. We were rushed, treated badly, then ignored. 

At one point my friend ordered another glass of wine, when the server brought it to the table he poured the few remains of her old glass into the new glass without hesitation or asking. We were shocked. 

We were rushed because the table was rebooked at 830 (we arrived at 6 so it wasn't a problem), but then waited 20 minutes for the bill. 

The manager's excuse for the terrible service (and it was an excuse) was that they'd had trouble with other tables not leaving in the past--as if that were our problem. I explained to him it wasn't and we had told a number of people that we knew we had to be out at 830 as they hovered over our table. 

THEN he tried to pawn off free dessert on us as if that would make up for terrible service where each of us were paying close to $100 for the meal. #theworst笑
Atmosphere and drinks are really good. The food is just so so. London Pride on tap is a rare treat and a log fire on the winter makes this place one of the more realistic pub attempts in Toronto. The fish in the fish and chips was well cooked but the batter was not very crispy and it had thyme leaves in which did not go with the fish. Some of the mussels were gritty and were overcooked, but the broth was good. The pumpkin fritters were excellent.笑
Really enjoyed watching the Premier League kick off this weekend at The Oxley! There is a great patio space as soon as you come in, and great seating area on the first floor.
We had the 2nd floor area reserved for Aston Villa supporters as this pub is a regular hangout for Villa supporters. Great service for us and loved the brunch.
Unfortunately there was no pork belly this morning, but had a great fried egg and regular bacon sandwich on a sesame bun, that was a bit like a montreal bagel style of bread. Yum!
Looking forward to coming back to The Oxley!笑
Above-average British pub food but terrible rude waitress.笑
Really cool place in the area.  Definitely reminiscent of the Queen and beaver.  

The patio area is nice,  didn't really get a chance to check out the interior but the food and beer is very good. 

The menu is very small and they don't offer too many items,  which is good and bad.  I enjoyed the service and didn't feel rushed.  Definitely a place to check out.  If you like this place,  you should also look up the Queen and beaver笑
I've been to the Oxley twice - once in the evening for drinks and some food, and then once for brunch. The patio is lovely during the summer. 

I enjoyed my brunch experience here quite a bit more than my dinner experience. We arrived at about 12:30 on Sunday, and it appeared the dining room downstairs was full, but we didn't have a problem getting a table upstairs. I had a mimosa for $10, but I was quite happy that it was mostly sparkling wine, with just a splash of juice. I got the full English breakfast, which comes with beans, bacon, sausage, two eggs and toast. Even though the plate looks rather small, there is quite a bit of food. I really enjoyed the sausage, which was really flavourful and not too greasy. I asked for jam for my toast and the raspberry jam was to die for. The beans weren't my favourite, a bit smokey for my liking and they were also cold. The bacon was really fatty, so I didn't finish it. Overall, I would probably come back for breakfast, but may try something else. The benedict looked delicious! The service was also excellent. 

I came here during the evening a few months ago, and had the mussels and foie gras. The foie gras was alright, and the mussels were grainy and not overly flavourful. I wasn't overly impressed with the dinner food, but the brunch was good.笑
Very nice food, good service, excellent beer.  Yorkville crowds can be a bit annoying but there's nothing wrong with the place.笑
Met friends here for food, drinks, and dessert. Everything was great and although prices would be a bit high elsewhere in the city, this is a very reasonably priced option in Yorkville. Staff was very attentive.

Nice cozy atmosphere and although the place was packed, we could have a conversation without raising our voices!笑
Amazing laid back, ambience. Cozy and busy.  Efficient service. Such a great place to kick back for some good, homely fun.笑
We've been to this restaurant twice; both times had very, very poor service. The first time, the waitress literally nudged us from behind to hand over the check. The second time, we waited for over an hour for our simple order of 3 burgers and 3 fish and chips. When our food was finaly served, one of the orders were incorrect. Good food, nice ambiance, but the service was subpar. Explore other options in the area if you can.笑
I was looking for a place to have my Sunday lunch and found this place really interesting. The environment is charming and welcoming, and the staff is very friendly. 
I ordered fish & chips, which were really tasty, and not greasy. The beer was also very good. I definitely will come back!笑
I love the Oxley ! It can be a little pricey for what you get but its a great atmosphere. I would recommend going to the upstairs room when there's a rugby game on, but get there early cause it gets crazy. Brunch is great! I always get the eggs benedict it never disappoints.笑
Great place with excellent made from scratch comfort food. The staff was good; we got a big table without waiting, and then a got nice and personable server. I had a terrine with chutney to start and delicious pork chop as my main. I highly recommend it.笑
I've been to The Oxley a few times for drinks when the prospect of the ever-crazy Hemingways wasn't so enticing, and have always enjoyed the old world atmosphere. 

The only time I ever ate The Oxley, I was VERY tipsy after a few hours of cocktails at friend's nearby apartment, but not tipsy enough to remember how delicious the lamb belly fries were - YUM!笑
I'm a big fan of the Oxley. Great high-end pub food and the service has always been perfectly satisfactory. 

Prices are perhaps a bit on the high side, but you get what you pay for. I've been for a proper sit down meal, as well as snacks and beers around the bar. both are definitely worth while.笑
We ate dinner here our first night in Toronto and it did not disappoint. Edison was our waiter and he was top notch and spot on with his suggestions. The bartender even came over to see how we liked our drinks. We had Fresh oysters, trout dinner, bangers and mash. Roasted potatoes were yummy. We shared a sticky toffee pudding and vanilla bean ice cream dessert that was to die for! The friendly, personalized, and excellent service, nice English pub vibe, cozy atmosphere, made for an enjoyable evening.笑
Cutest little place ever . . .and the staff is so friendly and welcoming that if I lived in the area, this would be my "go to" spot.  So I had to settle for it being my "go to" spot during my recent trip to Toronto.

You can't miss the snazzy red exterior of this place.  Located in the fashionable Yorkville neighborhood in what looks like an old home, once you pull open the door you feel like you've just stepped off the plane and are in the UK.  Hand pulled taps for the beer, fish and chips on the menu and people who are friendly and talkative at the bar.  They also have quite a nice wine list which was perfect for checking out given the weather was blustery but it was warm and cozy inside.

Given I was staying at the hotel across the street, we have several meal occasions here, from light snacks, to brunch and lunch and all were delicious and filling.  And both the manager and the bartender remembered me from my last visit which is always appreciated as well.

My neighborhood bar?  You betcha.  Too bad it's not my regular neighborhood!笑
Great service, wonderful atmosphere.  I came in to grab a pint and sit on patio.  The backyard patio is great, with good music playing. It makes you forget the street out front is under construction for the summer.笑
I came here unexpectedly after a rock climbing session and worried that I was underdressed (I don't frequent Yorkville often), but the atmosphere inside The Oxley was cozy and casual enough that I didn't feel out of place. I loved the feel of this place; it was warm, intimate and sophisticated with a whole lot of charm - everywhere I looked, there was a quirky bit of artwork, or an interesting piece of decor. 

I tried the foie gras parfait, escargot/mushroom toast, and the mushroom pithivier (a type of pie). This was my first time trying foie gras; it was creamy and served cold - while I wasn't a fan, my dinner companions assured me this was pretty good foie gras. The escargot toast was very nice - the toast was crunchy, the escargot were tender, and the mushrooms were beautifully savoury. The mushroom pithivier was served with a garden salad with balsamic vinaigrette. I really enjoyed the pithivier - it was overflowing with mushrooms, and layered with thin slices of potato. My only gripe is the portion size - I wish it was larger! 

Service was great, as to be expected from a Yorkville restaurant. It was courteous, friendly and quick. What else could I ask for?笑
Quite nice for a pub, but nothing to write home to England about.

I started with the Smoked Salmon & Goat Cheese Scones ($14). The few pieces of fish here were good...as good as any you get from the supermarket, anyway. It's hard to go terribly wrong with smoked salmon, but that's that. The savoury scones were a standout.

The Fish Pie & Peas ($24) was rich but not overly flavourful, with an assortment of creamified seafood inside the warm shell and a small helping of buttery peas on the side. Very tasty, but would probably be somewhat boring to eat the whole way through. My general M.O. is to order a couple of contrasting dishes and go splitsies, so that worked out well here. The other half of my lunch was the Fillet of Ontario Rainbow Trout & Waldorf Rémoulade ($24). It also was not very flavoursome, and I'm thinking that might be a theme.

Overall, while certainly the prettiest pub around, the food is just fine. Considering the comparably-priced options in the neighbourhood, I'm not excited to return. The next time I'm in a British mood I'll just throw on one of my many well-worn Take That records.笑
Just enjoyed a really great dinner at The Oxley. We live in the area and have been looking for a good pub/place for really good burgers, steak and fries. Last week at "One" (Hazelton hotel) the waiter recommended The Oxley across the street: he said that people working at nearby restaurants gravitate there after work. It is a real find- the staff was not overly familiar or cloying but they all seemed genuinely interested in making sure both the service and the meal was  to our satisfaction. I had the dry aged burger and the chips, my husband the T-bone special and chips. The fries were fresh and hot, from real potatoes, the steak and burger perfectly cooked (rare and medium rare respectively). The burger came with bacon and Stilton or aged Cheddar, and a tasty tomato chutney. I like the burgers at both Allen's and Marben - this one was every bit as juicy and well-seasoned. 
We will most definitely be back to try more of the menu, which includes the expected pub dishes like fish and chips but also items like shoulder of lamb and fish pie.
Our only suggestion is better signage - although the patio was packed, being  a warm TO evening- the interior of this new addition to the Yorkville restaurant deserves to be packed as well.笑
This is one of the best pubs in Toronto. Their bartenders actually know how to mix a top level cocktail or drink, their beer selection is fitting of a pub and their food is always great. As for the service, aside from the aforementioned quality bartending it is attentive and friendly.

I recommend this place for any type gathering whether it's a after work drinks, buddies sharing pints, a business deal, or a date. 

I wish more places in Toronto would take The Oxley's cue when it comes to atmosphere.笑
swung in for lunch... with 3 ppl for a bite after a meeting... casual décor and ambiance, which is what I like... good service as well.... prices were also reasonable for yorkkville.... but the food was sub par.... to say the least. im a big fan of their other location but here the quality just wasn't that great... scallop main was dry and over cooked which I couldn't understand cause the sauce it came with was swimming in oil.... the veal was all gristly and had a nasty tendon/vein running through it... both orders... if we had time we would have made a point of mentioning it to the manager but we had to go.... maybe one more try, but im not in a hurry...笑
About the brunch menu: Eggs benny is OK, though the hollandaise is highly on the lemony side, so avoid if you don't like the taste of lemons.  Avoid the pancakes though, as in my experience it was super flat and super burnt at the bottom (I'm talking solid black) - and at an additional $4 apiece per side pancake, it was a total waste.

Service was friendly.  Interior / ambiance is your typical English pub style.

Can't say I found anything outstanding or memorable at The Oxley.笑
I have been here twice this year and each time the food is amazing ! I love when a restaurant can cook a good lamb! 
Wine selection is good and the service is spot on.笑
The ambience of this place is simply fab. It's like you're sitting in an old English townhouse turned supper bar. Crowd is mature and upward of 30 so no teeny boppers here. Food is great too(I had the rabbit). A bit on the pricy side but then again, this is Yorkville, so you kinda expect it. Perfect second date type of place, the environment is very warm (they have a fireplace) and cosy. Go here if you want to have meaningful conversation without being drowned out by music/noise.笑
The only reason why this place gets 3 stars instead of 2 is because I love the décor.  I've been here three times for drinks and appetizers at the bar and the food has been terrible every time.  The menu tries too hard to be different and doesn't deliver in terms of quality and taste.  It's feels like a bunch of "fancy" ingredients from the store cobbled together with no real fusion.  Because I've never enjoyed the apps, I've never gone through with a full dinner here.  

This place feels a bit high on the flash but weak on the substance, which is not uncommon in Yorkville.  I would still recommend this as a meeting spot for a drink because they do have a decent alcohol selection with a nice backdrop but not sure about anything more.笑
My wife and I recently had the pleasure of having our Canadian wedding reception, we got married in the US, at The Oxley on the 20th of December. From the moment we arrived and were greeted by the manager Andrew we knew we had made the right choice. We booked the Snug area upstairs and it was set up perfectly for our group of 20 or so guests. We had Vince and Nadia(?sp) behind the bar, who ensured nobody was left with an empty glass, and other fantastic staff who served dinner and dealt with our various requests in good humour and always with a smile. We were able to hook up our own music and even commandeered the tv for a family slideshow. The food was fantastic and they had a great selection of drinks! I'd recommend a signature drink called "The Monarch" which seemed to go down well with everyone. I cannot recommend The Oxley highly enough.笑
I can only really comment on beer and atmosphere because I didn't eat either of the times I was at The Oxley. It is a comfortable place, especially The Snug upstairs which reminds me a little of a proper Officers Mess. A great selection of beers including cask beers with hand-pulled taps is offered, and a good array of wines and spirits as well. For being in Yorkville the crowd is remarkably unpretentious and it's just a nice comfortable spot.笑
My friends and I went here for dinner and we ordered from the feasting menu. The beef wellington was delicious and cooked to perfection! The meat was rich so the simplicity of the sides (roasted veggies) provided a nice balance.

We tried the scotch eggs for the novelty of saying that we've had them. They are served cold and they tasted really weird. No one at the table was a fan of them.

The service was great as well. Overall, I am very impressed and look forward to visiting again in the future to try other items on the menu!笑
An ideal winter brunch experience. Great space: an intimate house pub. Friendly service. 

On the pricey side, but food was very good and thoughtfully prepared- my friend got the full english breakfast and I got the eggs benedict with cheese scones. The mary oxleys we ordered were essential.笑
Enjoyed a nice brunch in this casual yet quaint little gastropub, right in the heart of Yorkville. The lack of pretension was refreshing for the area.

The food was good...I tried the full English breakfast which included eggs, bacon, sausage, grilled tomatoes, mushrooms, baked beans and toast. It hit the spot! And what also stood out was the pricing. For Yorkville or anywhere, the prices were extremely reasonable.

Definitely a good bet for a low-key bite in the ritzy part of town.笑
Another example of piss-poor service in the Toronto restaurant industry.

I ordered a hamburger medium rare at this pub and received the unexpected pleasure of biting into a uncooked burger.   The waitress apologized and said I would receive a new burger.  Lo and behold, another waitress returned with the same bit-into burger, which was now overcooked.

The manager did not come out to apologize; which is par for the course in the Toronto food scene.  God bless Americans, they would have comped my whole meal, threw in a few free drinks and apologized profusely.  In Toronto, they tell you to stuff it.

Stay sway from this over-priced hipster pub.笑
I went to The Oxley with two friends on a Sunday. We had debated going to other places but settled on this because of the favorable reviews. The initial service we  received was horrible - I stood at the front for 10 minutes without even so much as brief eye contact with the staff. When i did finally manage to catch the eye of the guy managing the seating he looked away! It was busy and I appreciate how difficult that can be, but this was exceptionally poor service. When we were finally greeted and got settled, our third friend, who arrived late, was rudely greeted (by the same eye contact- avoiding guy) and told because we didn't have a reservation we couldn't possibly be there...wow. Luckily the service we did get upstairs was very good and redeemed the experience somewhat. But we won't go back.笑
We went for a friend's birthday dinner (after calling in advance to make the reservation) and they forgot to bring her dessert with the rest of our meals. Other than that... super yummy but maybe a little pricey, even for Yorkville.笑
Yummy brunch. 
i had the 
pomegranate mimosa  = perfect
mushroom  Pithivier  = divine 

no room for dessert = pity笑
On a recent trip to Toronto, I stopped into the Oxley for a bite to eat. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food and the selections of beer. Though it was founded a few years ago, the pub looks like one of those old pubs that's been around for generations, WITHOUT it looking inauthentic.
I've ordered their burger and while the portions look deceptively small, it quite hit the spot. 

If you're a beer drinker, try a sample of the guest tap for a pleasant surprise!笑
The burger and chips were so delectable. They make their beef patties in house and ask you how you like you burger done (I got medium rare). The burger was superb! My boyfriend got a pheasant duck confit, which was small, but very unique in taste. The pheasant duck confit can be a great appetizer, but not enough for a whole meal. As for the beers, they are great and there are lots of IPAs to choose from. Only reason why this is a 4 is the pricey menu, but the burger was worth it.笑
On a rainy and wet day, the weather was even in "British-theme" for a girlfriend and I to try out the charming The Oxley. I love the way this place is decorated; the walls are painted with scenes of hunting greyhounds, beagles and militia men. Pride and Prejudice, here we come.

The menu is quite simple (divided into Bar and Dinner). There is also a chalkboard featuring specials. Since my girlfriend and I weren't particularly hungry, we both went for the Mushroom Pithivier which was YUMMMMMM! It's a warm slab of mushroom pie with flaky crusts and warm sauce within. It comes with a perfect and light salad. If you are feeling like something warm, but not so filling and fatty as a Fish Pie, you can go for this. It's also vegetarian.

The drinks selection is lovely, especially the wine choices. There are a lot of selections by the glass; I was happy they had the Sancerre, except at $20 for an 8oz, it's not exactly the cheapest option.

And of course for dessert, I had to try the Eton Mess. The Oxley's rendition has warm Rhubarb mixed in with the delectable mess and I devoured my dessert shamelessly in seconds.

Reservations are recommended! Even on a wet Wednesday night, the place filled up very quickly. Service was en pointe and we were checked up every so often. Definitely coming back here again!笑
This place has an awesome burger. 
I've also tried the fish pie - it's great, too. Fries are always a hit and would come back to this place again and again. Lots of seating options. Or just a quick snack at the bar.笑
Great atmosphere and the food is yummy. We really enjoyed afternoon drinks and the food by the fire.笑
Went this summer and just got around to writing a review. 

To start off, love the patio. Great place to sit and people watch. Great place to nurse a hangover. 

Got the full English breakfast and loved it. Everything is as it should be. Greasy fried and delicious. Loved the fried bread! Definitely worth a visit and will have to go back for lunch or dinner sometime.

Also the staff are amazing; friendly and quick, not to mention knowledgeable.笑
I'm a big fan of the Queen and Beaver, which is owned by the same group, and grabbed some drinks at the Oxley for the first time yesterday.

The British Pub feel - the authentic one; I'm not talking Fox here - exists here like at the original though this one has a more upscale, polished feel (no mismatched furniture)

The back patio is a great hideaway, with nice chairs and a cool ambience, and we had it to ourselves by about 11 pm. It was a Tuesday, but it was a great summer night, so unsure why it was so quiet. You could her Amber's beats over the very high fence.

The drinks were fine (we had some draught beers, Blanche de Chamblay...but no orange wedge). The service wasn't very friendly but didn't ruin the experience.

I'll come back.笑
I'm on love with their spinach and mushroom eggs Benedict! Such a great brunch spot!笑
Very charming place, I loved the wood sympathetic decoration 
Lovely bar tenders... a great place for pre drinking & chilling...they have great menu of cocktails, beers and wine
The appi was okey, I tried salmon tartar, pea risotto scallops and sardine jam... all were fine but not best... enjoy your drink ;)
Cheers笑
Slightly upscale British gastropub. It's classy inside but not stuffily so. The bar is at the entryway on the right, the dining room further in the back. Similar to Queen and Beaver, there's a Victorian theme running around here with murals of foxhunting and large upholstered settees. The food was excellent. We started with a Scotch egg and pork pie, both served cold in true English-snack-style. For our main we split the pork belly BLT and substituted chips for crisps. It was outstanding. The menu was smattered with really lovely offerings like leg of lamb and roast rabbit, but we weren't hungry enough to dig into such a heavy bistro meal. Splitting the sandwich and a few chips did enough to satiate our appetites. The chips were great - fried to the perfect crisp without being overcooked and hard. Enjoyed the beer selection and our waitress was wonderful.

Upstairs, there is a room for viewing football and other British spectator sports. I'd definitely return here to watch a match, especially during something like the World Cup!

I've heard the brunch here is killer, I'll have to check it out on the next trip. For now, it's one of the better gastropubs I've visited in the Toronto. Perfect for some local craft beers and a hearty but stylishly-prepared meal...all in the upscale pubby elegance of Yorkville.笑
I cannot say enough good things about the Oxley.  The feel of the restaurant is old world with out being stuff. Loved the fact the the chairs and side plates were miss matched. 

Great selection for the bar without being overwhelming.  They even have a feature beer that they change regularly.  

We had the Toe Rags  for an app. They were delicious but you have to ask your server what they are, I don't want to spoil the surprise.

For the mains my boyfriend had the burger. He love that they had a choice of Stilton for the cheese on it.

I had the fish and chips for dinner and it was perfect. They use haddock for it and it was cooked perfect. It was so tender it was almost buttery. I would definitely recommend it. I also liked their unique tartar sauce that was delicious. 

They have their own unique dipping sauce for the fries that was also good. My boyfriend and I were trying to figure out the flavour that we tasted in it. The server went back to ask the chef for us. 

We did not have desert as we were too full.

We will definitely be going back to the Oxley.  I will recommend it to everyone.  The only negative was that it was a little pricy but it does fit the neighbourhood they were in.笑
This is an upscale pub with very comfortable seating in several spots. Patios on the street side and in the back, a dining room, downstairs bar, and my favourite the upstairs bar. Food is very good and very British. The beer selection could be better (it is a pub after all) but there are some good choices. Nice wine list. Service is friendly and capable. Pricey but it's worth it and it is in the centre of Yorkville.笑
Awesome food (I especially like the crab cakes and brick chickens), great beer selection and really helpful, professional staff.笑
This is my first visit to Toronto and I went to Oxley pub based on the recommendations & reviews posted on Yelp!! I must say the place is amazing and staff is very friendly and accommodating. The food was great, I had fish and chips, one of their signature dishes.... very nice!! I met some great people... Paul And John ( who celebrate a reunion every year) thank you for a wonderful conversation ... All In all a great experience and I would recommend this place.笑
Fish pie and peas for appetizer, entree and dessert! Can't get enough!

Fun and unique cocktails. Particularly enjoyed the cilantro and elderflower mix.笑
I'm in Toronto for business, tried this place based on the Yelp reviews. I loved it so much the first time, I went back 2 days later! 

First time I had the kale salad and duck. Both were fabulous. The harrissa kale salad was just the right amount of spicy, and the fig pistachio chutney on the perfectly cooked duck was a treat to my senses. To drink, I had the rye manhattan which was a bit untraditional with extra bitters. I really liked it, but maybe not everyone's taste. 

Tonight, I sat at the bar and had the spring veggie salad and mussels. The salad was refreshing and tasty with a lemon vinaigrette and a healthy portion of creamy goat cheese. The mussels were rich with a creamy leek sauce and a roll covered in toasted fennel. Glad I got the smaller portion as it was very rich! To drink, I was nicely surprised be the incredible flavor of the Monarch. The cilantro was a strong and refreshing, but only for those who enjoy the herb! Also tried a pint of the cask ale; it's so rare to find a place serving cask ales, none the less three options. 

Both nights the staff was incredible. The waitress was attentive but not overwhelming. Same for the bartender tonight. 

Will definitely be back next time I'm in Toronto.笑
Yesterday was hot.  Like, epic hot.  Like, so-hot-I-witnessed-medics-tending-to-a-woman-with-heatstroke hot.  I took cover at The Oxley.  For hours.  Want proof that I logged some serious time?  Here's the tally of delicious damage my friends and I did to liver, stomach and wallet:

- Shandy cocktails
- Hendrick's gin smash
- Spirit Tree cider
and, the beat-the-heat drink winner
- Pimm's cup, featuring perfectly cubed iced, strawberries and cucumber in a tart (not sweet) mix

We n0m-ed down on:
- London cure salmon with a rocket pistou
- 3 cheese plate with oat cakes
- broiled oysters with leeks and aged cheddar
- thick-cut chips with a house-made ketchup
- fennel mussels
- blue cheese and cherry ice cream
- passion fruit and ginger ice cream

The Oxley is not inexpensive, but the service is fantastic, the space is great (special nod to both bar and bathrooms), and the food and drink - using quality ingredients as the foundation - often have unique twists to them.  The uptown version to The Queen & Beaver, I - surprisingly, as Yorkville is not my go-to playground - prefer The Oxley and its green walls, beautiful decor, and mixed seating to the Q&B.  

Yelp note: front patio might be the choice of Yorkville people-watchers, but the back patio is where it's at.  You can quote me on that.笑
I was looking for a place for a lunch in Yorkville with a friend prior to a shopping trip in the area. I found The Oxley through Yelp and was pleasantly surprised with my experience here. I must've walked by this building a hundred times without realizing it was a british pub.

We sat at the bar area up front because it seems that they were booked up (reservations) on a Thursday lunch hour (holiday season). The reception and service from the bartender were very positive and the selection of beers and cocktails were extensive. I would definitely come by to try some of their signature cocktails.

For lunch I had the Fish and Chips. It came out with a large battered piece of haddock and a bowl of thick cut fries. The fish was nice and crispy on the outside and moist inside. The meal also came with a side of tarter sauce and hot sauce.

Overall, it definitely met my expectations for a lunch meal and left me with a desire to come visit again and try more of the menu.笑
I really enjoyed my experience at this upscale classy "pub". Although it's officially called a pub, it's really more of a restaurant that boast sophisticated patronage and a cozy turn-of-the-century feel.

The food is delicious in every category I've tried. I enjoyed taking my father, who's a pescatarian here to try the well-prepared fish specials.

They had a good selection of beers that I hadn't ever tried as well which was enjoyable. The food is very British-isle-sey. Peas, mashed potatoes, tasty meats or fish, etc. 

Definitely a place to consider if you feel a longing for a hearty meal.笑
I need to work on my fake British accent so I can bust it out here.
Then I can order things like "Jowl & Bury Black Pudding with Indian Pickle".

This is a cozy pub that is (Yorkville) casual and hip.
They have a real fireplace and comfortable booths.
I like the dinnerware, it looks like it came from a grandma's kitchen (if your grammy likes slightly fancier but kitschy dinnerware).

I grabbed a cocktail and a scotch egg ($6).  
And to be honest, I'm pretty indifferent about scotch eggs.
I felt that the egg here was very boring.
I thought my egg was slightly too cold.
And the sausage could have used more of a kick.
I'm glad there was HP sauce.

For my main, I ordered the popular fish pie ($22).
Upon arrival, it smelled very fishy.  
It didn't look like a huge portion but it was very rich.  There were chunks of fish, crab meat, mussels, scallops, etc. in a heavy cream sauce with a layer of potato. 
It came with a bowl of green peas in butter.  Yummy.

My friend had the fish and chips ($17),  No complaints.
But that's a lot of money for fish and chips.
Actually, overall the prices are pretty high for pub fare.

I would come back here for a drink and snacks or on a date, but The Oxley isn't a place I'd hang out regularly.笑
Dropped in with a colleague, great place for drinks if you work/live in the area. Nice ambiance. Service is ok to reasonably friendly. If you are coming for dinner, make a reservation in advance. Seems to get packed fast. Only had couple of rounds of vodka, so can't judge the quality of wine/beer/cocktails and meals served.  Will be back again. I do prefer Oxley over its sister pub Queen & Beaver.笑
As a maritimer, all condescending about Other Peoples fish pie, I was gobsmacked with this superbly made dish.  And with the cider, wow. 
Lovely engaged service from an articulate barkeep, and all of our problems were solved. 
And although we've just finished our delightful rainy day, boozy, pub-y lunch here, I can't wait to get back and try their other gastro offerings.
5 friggen stars.笑
Can't believe I've never been here! Discovered this gem thanks to Yelp after leaving Hemmingways- not feeling the vibe that particular night. Beautiful decor and people- straight out of a Jcrew catalogue.

Friendly staff, stiff cocktails and delicious food. Get the burger if you're ravenous, won't disappoint!

You'll have a jolly good time here!