I was taken here by a friend who loves Korean. I was hesitant at first, based on a competing website's dismal reviews of this place, but he insisted. By the time we got there, I was completely starving and would have eaten my leather gloves if the meeting time was any later.

The first thing that strikes you is the dingy decor - full carpeting on the floors, low ceilings, and dim lighting. Cheap Korean knick-knacks are nailed to the wall. There's no music or ambience to speak of, just this shitty ethnic-hall vibe going on. 

We sit down, and the first rumor about this place (lousy, lazy service) is immediately dispelled. A young woman takes our orders as soon as we sit and brings us a small sampling of kimchi and some shredded sweet vegetable. Some boiled potato pieces come too, and they're a bit sweet - damn good. Then the fried beef dumplings arrive - I could have eaten 100 of them, they were delicious. Finally, teriyaki beef on one of those sizzling iron skillets. Delicious, albeit not that large of a portion. 

The bill was shockingly expensive ($26 a person, tip excluded) considering we shared an entree and had one meal each in what amounts to a mom and pop corner Korean resto. Although the food is excellent, you can get a similar variation down the street at any of the million Chinese places in the Concordia ghetto, at $10 a dish, and probably way more filling. Would have been 4 stars if the price was a bit cheaper.笑
Great Korean pancake. Their kimchi isn't my absolute favourite, but the kimchi chigae featured bacon instead of shredded or minced pork and the result was much more flavourful than I was used to. It's a very unassuming place in terms of decor, but you won't be disappointed.笑
I used to love this place so much as they played korean music. But I think since the owner has been changed they only play classic songs now, so it sounds more like a romantic place (but not really). Putting this aside, I usually just go there to eat their kimchi jiggae, it's actually one of my favourites! The soup is more like a sour taste, like from their kimchi, different from other korean restaurant. I've tried other plates as well, and they are pretty decent, nothing special about it. Staffs are usually nice but when it gets busy, they are kind of having a lack of staffs.笑
I find the seafood pancake at Manna very worth the price and quite yummy, recommended it to friends and they liked it too. Yet the other dishes are quite average笑
Malheureusement, pas d'ambiance dans ce resto coréen, décoration à désirer et la nourriture bonne mais j'ai connu mieux. Je ne pense pas y retourner.笑
Best pork bone soup in Montreal.笑
This was the first Korean restaurant I ever visited, I was a young and naive university student who thought this was the best restaurant ever. I still think its a great restaurant, however I know have eaten at other Korean restaurants only to sadly find out out that Manna is average at best. 

Now that you have a the back story you understand why manna holds a special place in my heart. Although their food may not be the best, it is a excellent place for poor students and cheap eaters alike to enjoy some decent Korean food.笑
I like this place, but always take the same thing: spicy tofu stew. I've tried this stew at other Korean restaurants, and it is never as good.