Loved their cupcakes! I had the salted caramel vanilla cupcake, and my husband had a vanilla cupcake. Both were very delicous! The place itself was small but the atmosphere was very nice and inviting. I did not know I was dealing with the owner when I had ordered, and she was very polite, and always had a smile on her face :) Not only this place has very delicous cupcakes, this place has excellent customer service. I'm making this place my little go to for sweets, and i will be trying their sandwiches because I keep hearing how good they are.Ǿ
They would get 5 stars if their chocolate chip cookies were available
the 2 times i went to pick them up.Ǿ
Variety of cupcakes and other bakery products were available which looked yummy. 

We went there to buy a cake for someone but they didn't have any. We were told they only make cakes on order. 

So our purpose to visit this place was defeated.Ǿ
The cupcake place is the best! Their gluten free cupcakes are so tasty! And you can just buy one if you aren't tempted to eat more! Their salmon is smoked in house and is amazing!Ǿ
I decided to stop in today on my way to the library to get a sweet. I'm gluten free so I was thrilled to have seen that they had gluten free options. I got the salted Carmel gluten free brownie, and it was to die for. So rich and flavourful, I will defiantly be going there again! Totally recommend.Ǿ
i have been to cupcake junkie few times in past few years. I have tried almost all the cupcakes and I also have had customized birthday cakes for my daughters and husband. let's just say no leftovers.Ǿ
I would give this 3 stars if I was strictly reviewing just their cupcakes. From a place that has "cupcake" in their name, I expected a little better. The flavours are appealing and the cake itself is surprisingly moist however the cream is something less to be desired. There is a grainy texture about it that ruins it a bit. I find that the end product is quite overly sweet but that's probably a personal preference of mine. Nonetheless, it's a decent cupcake and with a bit of tweaking (smoother icing and a lot less sweet) this will be a winner!

What really saves this place are the sandwiches (oddly enough). The chicken was very flavourful and reminds me of shawarma chicken along with the garlicky mayo. I liked the fact that they pulled the chicken so that it allowed it to really absorb the sauce to make it deceptively moist. The bread held it's own, it was pillowy but still able to handle all that chicken and sauce thrown at it.

I had one of their butter cookies and it's one of the better ones I've tasted. Firm yet crumbly and oh so buttery!

This is definitely a gem in this town and I hope they do improve their icing. I know where to stop by for a great sandwich the next time I head out east!Ǿ
Who doesn't love a good cupcake?    The Cupcake Junkie Bakery & Cafe in Whitby is a great place for all kinds of desserts, ice cream, cookies and of course cupcakes. Excellent service.Ǿ
At first when I researched this place I thought it would be a cup cake shop with amazing flavours but it wasn't. I found the cup cakes blain and over priced.Ǿ
I've come to Cupcake Junkie a few times in the last year or so...

The first time, I came by to pick up some gluten free cupcakes for a friend and ended up getting breakfast while I was there. Good LORD I have not had a breakfast wrap that tasty... well... EVER! It's been a while since I've had it but I still dream about that wrap with eggs, cheese, marinara, some kind of delicious garlicky sauce... the recipient of the gluten free cupcakes was very pleased and commented on how good they were!

This past weekend, i went to pick up a dozen cupcakes for my hubby's birthday bash. I stopped in about 1PM and they had lots of cupcakes available and were able to whip up more of any flavor I needed. The cupcakes were a HIT! They were gone within minutes, with people asking for seconds the next day!

The cupcakes here are JUST the right size. Not too big, not too small, not too much icing and not skimping on the icing either. I find with other cupcake joints, having one cupcake is like a meal in itself because they're so over the top in size. These cupcakes are easy to handle and well sized! The flavor choices are nice to have, I tried the black forest cake, which was deeeeelicious! For about $34 or so for a dozen fresh cupcakes, that's a great price. Not having to make them myself and freeing me and my kitchen up for a few hours made all the difference.

I'll definitely be back in the future!Ǿ
Cupcake Junkie is a cute little bakery that I will definitely be returning to. Popped in here on a whim and ordered a dozen cupcakes for my sister's birthday. They had a variety of flavour choices and the person behind the counter was extremely kind and helpful. They even gave me a free birthday candle when I mentioned that the cupcakes were for a birthday.

I tried the Salted Caramel and the Nanaimo flavours and both were delicious. Fluffy cake and smooth, creamy frosting. They were decorated simply but still looked very classy at the same time. 

I do usually prefer to bake my own goods, but if I ever decide to cater out one day this is definitely where I will be coming.Ǿ
Yum!  Amazing pulled pork and the salmon is to die for!  The cupcakes are equally as delicious and the staff are extremely friendly and helpful. Will definitely be back!Ǿ
Delicious cupcakes, beautiful cakes! Loved what Cupcake Junkie has to offer! Highly recommend their products for parties or just treating yourself!Ǿ
Very nice little bakery and a huge plus that it's nut free aside from the ice cream. We had the egg sliders which were cooked fresh to order and tasty. All the desserts looked very cute and the store itself was very clean. The coffee was very good and fresh from a local roaster. We tried an assortment of cupcakes and cheesecakes that were also a nice treat. The owners were very friendly and happy to answer questions. We look forward to coming back soon.Ǿ
Okay i am not a huge fan of cupcakes in general, so my review is about everything else.

I have been to this place twice, and I have realized that I love cheery faces in the morning as much as I love a good cup of hot coffee, you could find both here!

I keep coming back to this place for their Tomato Soup served with their bread sticks. If you want to make it more fancy, get it with cream cheese scones!

Sandwiches are a hit or miss, sometimes they are good, some times they are a little dry.
When it's dry, ask for sauces on the side and they will let you know what kind of sauces they can give you.

Their dessert options are pretty nice too, I have tried their cheesecakes and stuff and they are all very decent.

Normal drip coffee is more thicker than what you would get in other breakfast/brunch places.

The lady on the counter usually has a lot on her plate but that doesn't prevent her from dealing with the customers nicely and keeping a smile on her face.Ǿ
I 'forced' myself to have multiple visits before I reviewed it. I know, cupcakes are tough. 

I went to Cupcake Junkie twice to get cupcakes for a fam jam. I ordered a dozen fresh ones and they were fantastic. I also bought day-old cupcakes and there were also fantastic! Don't shun the day-olds! The variety isn't as good as the fresh ones, but I didn't hear one person complain as they were quickly devoured. What I enjoy the most about their cupcakes is that the cake isn't sweet, the icing and filling take care of the sweet. I'm not saying the cake is blah, I'm saying the cake not being sugary balances them so your teeth don't hurt. 

The 3rd visit was to pickup my Valentine's Day treats! I ordered 6 vanilla minis, 6 chocolate minis and a heart shaped Chocolate Chip Cookie Cake. As a chocolate addict, I thought I would like the chocolate ones more, but the vanilla minis stole my heart. The picture of the cake is deceiving. I expected it to be just a heart shaped cookie, but it really is a cake! The best way to describe it is a fluffy cookie; it was freaking awesome. I should've got one for myself. ;) 

My last visit was for a light supper. I had some time to kill, so I ordered a pulled pork sandwich on a kaiser combo and took a seat. It's a very cozy venue, but not crowded. All of the tables were clean and the large windows let lots of natural light in.  

I had a coffee while I waited and they brought me a housemade marinara sauce and flatbread. Delightful! It was warmed up and had a little heat; I could've eaten the whole thing, but I had to leave room for my sandwich. Their coffee is fantastic; it comes from a local roaster called Trebilock.The kaiser was fresh and the pork was slow-cooked to perfection. The coleslaw on the sandwich was a nice twist. It was crisp and saucy, just how I like it. It was a great meal. I'd love to try their other sandwiches! 

I'm not done! I got a combo, so it's cupcake time! So many choices, but their Facebook posts convinced me the try the Cupcake of the Month. Each month they have a creative cupcake featured that you must try. From all of their cupcakes I've tried, my favourites are Red Velvet, Banana Chip, Maple Bacon, Chocolate Mint and Vanilla. I haven't tried them all, but I haven't had one I didn't like! 

The warm weather is coming, so I know I'll be back for their Kawartha Dairy Ice Cream! 

A welcome addition to Whitby. It's got great food and friendly service. They will make you a cupcake junkie!Ǿ
Their butter cream frosting is amazing.  So is their pulled pork sandwiches.   I like the CJ  Signature cupcake.   My son liked the mini cheesecake.  They have so many types of cupcakes they have a monthly guide.  Their rewards program is very good.  Kawartha Dairy ice cream!   Look in the cooler for day old items at a discount.Ǿ
Soon to drop the "bakery" part of their name because they want to have business after 5pm, this is a quaint little spot to have a cupcake between friends and a coffee, if you please. Comfortable seating, nice sofa chairs and a pleasant patio the cupcakes are delicious, made with care. I like the place and would return for the friendly atmosphere.Ǿ
We love Cupcake Junkie!! We had a birthday dinner last night for our son and everyone loved being able to chose their own cupcake flavour instead of all having the same cake. Both our sons and one of our daughters are anaphylactic to peanuts and nuts and Cupcake Junkie is peanut and nut free!! Being able to have bakery goods that are safe is totally awesome!! And they taste great too!!Ǿ
Sorry to say but I really don't get the appeal of this place. 
We arrived at 5pm on a Saturday and the place was empty.....and so were the display cases.
We were told they just hadn't had a chance to fill the cases but were given a choice of what was available in the back which we ordered. 
For $3.50 each, firstly I would expect something bigger.  Secondly, I would hope for something that didn't taste like it was made from a box. The saving grace was the buttercream icing which was quite good but again, as a whole I wasn't overwhelmed.
I don't think we'll be back again :(Ǿ
Hosted 7 people for coffee and dessert and didn't have time to home bake all the goodies so I thought  I would try this place and pick up a few things.

Talk about pleasing the crowd! Everyone loved everything.

We had triple chocolate cupcakes, rolo cupcakes and vanilla cupcakes. In addition we got salted caramel shortbread cookies and mini butter tarts.

The people in the store were super friendly and helpful! 

Recommend you drop in for a sweet treat.

I learned that they also serve other food but have not tried that yet.Ǿ
I always love dropping by and browsing the options for the day and picking up a little treat for after dinner! On numerous occasions we have ordered cupcakes for family birthdays or events and they have always been delicious :)