I'd liken this place to "fast food" Pho, if one were to ever exist. Cheap, uninspiring, basic pho. There are better pho places few blocks down. 
CASH Only. My biggest pet peeve!笑
One of my go to places for pho. I think it has one of the best broths in Toronto. Every time I don't order pho, I have to constantly take some from my gf's bowl. The place itself is fairly big. Their service is typical of all authentic Viet restaurants. They will get to you when they can and they will do it without a smile, because they know their food is the bomb and you will keep on coming back. This time I had the Bun with grilled pork and spring roll. The grilled pork has a tasty marinade. The spring roll is crispy without being drenched in oil. The portion is substantial, and they don't cheap out on the veggies they add to the bun. Overall a tasty restaurant.笑
I have to admit this is one of those Vietnamese restaurants that aren't up there for me. It's nothing to rave about. I would give it a 3.5/5. I used to come here all the time until I saw a roach and the waitress just killed it in front of me without addressing it or apologizing. 

So two years after that incident I decided to give it a shot again. Seems everything and everyone is the same. Same ladies working. This is a very busy fast and efficient location. They seat you, take your order and go on their merry way. When you're done they'll quickly clear your table. 

The food also is same old. Don't get me wrong, it's good and flavourful but because the broth is so good I have a feeling MSG or something is used. 

I still prefer my local pho restaurant over this one but it has improved a little since my original visit.笑
I've pretty much have had every dish possible and have been coming here since I was a child. A few of my favourites off the top of my head...
-avocado milkshake
-pho with beef balls and rare beef
-chicken pho
-banh cuon
-spring rolls (or egg rolls, whatever you want to call it)
-com tam


This place is small for the amount of customers dining and waiting to get into the restaurant. I think that should tell you how good this place is.笑
Fast service. Tasty pho!
Not sure what the bad reviews are all about.
Huge bowl of pho and a delicious coconut shake for just over $12笑
Best pho you can get in midtown, tried many of the other places around by far this ones the best in my opinion.

Located beside the Downsview Arena they've been open since the late 90's and has kept the same name ever since.

When I come here i usually order the Pho Dac Biet which is the special famous beef noodle soup that comes with everything. Also I ordered their Vietnamese Coffee with Condensed milk. Try it Cold you wont regret it! 

Their other dishes such as the rice and bun (Vermicelli) is also awesome at this location.

For Dessert I love their freshly homemade Flan, I usually ordered extra to take home for my family.

Cheap dinner if you're in the area, this place is a must!笑
One of my favourite pho places. I've been going here for many years. They have great authentic Viet food. Great prices. Service is ok though since you can't expect good service from Asian restaurants.笑
Pho is my favorite meal any time of the day.. I was near by and was craving and found this place. For $7 I got a beef soup with noodles and fell I love! Great service here too, make sure to check it out for fresh and tasty food!笑
This is my favorite type of restaurant: nondescript neighborhood, ordinary looks*, unbelievable food.

Many people claim this is the best pho in Toronto - I'd have to go to a couple more pho places to issue a final verdict, but to be honest... I don't want to eat pho anywhere else now, this place is SO GOOD.

A note of warning, though: don't expect good service. In fact, expect a Seinfeld's "soup nazi"-like atmosphere. But don't be turned down by this fact, the food is worth it.

* - notice their logo is "borrowed" from the Laughing Cow brand :)笑
Bad, horrible, terrible service. You'd have to get their attention for service. Waiters kept walking and coughing near my table. Pho was very bland. I am Vietnamese, I can tell when a bowl of pho is good or bad. The cashier girls just throw your change on the table, no thank you/come again, whatsoever. Outdated decor.笑
Really authentic pho, the mun red bean drink is also excellent. A definitely repeat if I'm in the area.笑
I came here as I was returning from a Niagara Falls road trip and per usual it is around dinner time that I would look up on my Yelp App to see what restaurants are along my way home.  To my surprise, Pho Con Bo popped up and I was so glad I took a chance to eat here.  At first glance, the place is located in a very sketchy part of town hidden behind a Burger King.  

I ordered the Bún bò Hu and was amazed by the simmering aromatic broth.  The bowl was stacked with meaty goodness (beef brisket,  Hu style pork sausage slices, pork blood).  The spicy broth had layers of deep flavours and complimented well with the fresh herbs.  I lost all decency when I was engorging on heaping mounds of noodles mixed in with beef and pork sausage and slurped every last drop of the broth.  I wasn't willing to let any good broth go to waste.  The finishing touch was the avocado milk shake which definitely put me over the top.  

I now have more reasons to drive out of my way just to enjoy their delicious pho.

The service was fast, portion and price are great value and taste is authentic as can be.

Thank you fellow Yelpers for leading me to Pho Con Bo.笑
What can I say. Same old same old. Decent , hot and quick. I have yet to have incredible pho but this place wasn't bad. Not impressed with the bbq chicken and rice but it wasn't disappointing either. As always cheap prices for a large portion of food.笑
It's cheap. I guess that's what it had going for it. I had my usual pho with rare beef. It was decent. I don't have much to say which is why I'm giving it 3 stars. I just didn't have anything that makes this place memorable.笑
This is the BEST pho I've ever had. I always eat here. It's just so good and the waiting isn't that long. I always love pho tai it's so good and the soup is better then other pho places.笑
everything is amazing and prices are super good, best pho in toronto! dont listen to me, just go try it yourself :D笑
The customer service at this place is horrible! My food was cold and my dad asked the waitress about it. She says my dad should go ask the kitchen staff because she doesn't know. Then she starts an argument and this other lady comes and starts being rude to us when she wasn't even apart of the conversation.  She says she doesn't care if we come back. Seriously the worst place to eat. The food was medicore and the bubble milk tea was too thick. This place sucks!笑
Been going here for years now. Me and my girlfriend don't know what it is about this place,  I've tried numerous pho stores and by numerous I mean a shit load. Tip: you can get the bean sprouts steamed so when you add them to your broth it won't cool it off. Also you can ask for more limes if you want. For the price and quality of food, this place is amazing. Have fun.笑
My parents introduced me to this place just over a year ago and I find myself coming back here whenever I have a pho craving.  I came with my girlfriend and we ordered Vietnamese ice coffee, pho Dac biet (medium) and Hue style noodles.
First off, for the price you pay, you get mounds food.  Last time I made the mistake of getting a large (there is an extra large but I'm not that dumb.....anymore) so this time I got the medium Pho Dac Biet which is the "house special," which just means with everything in it.  That's rare beef, tripe, tendons, beef balls plus the noodles and broth for $6.50.  It's delicious and besides my dads pho and this place in Newmarket that I've yet to make a review for, this is the best I've had and I think it's because they give you tons and tons of meat.
My girlfriend had the Hue style noodles ($6.25) which only comes in the one size.  I feel like they could have added more lemongrass to the broth and maybe could have skimmed the broth of the fat a bit but regardless, my girl demolished it all.  She said she loved it.  I had a spoonful and I didn't hate it but didn't really take the time to savor it as I wanted to get back to my pho.
The coffee ($1.90)  was delicious as Vietnamese coffee always is.  For those that haven't tried it, it is served with condensed milk and ice so it gets a bit thicker and is sweet. Yummy!
As always, I will most likely be here again... My only complaint is that it's a cash only establishment.笑
Pho Con Bo is a Vietnamese restaurant located in a plaza on the Southwest corner of Jane and Wilson. It's kind of hidden within the plaza but once you see the Blue Sky Supermarket, you are in the right area.

Once you enter, it's your typical Vietnamese restaurant in terms of decor and set up. You write what you want from the menu onto an ordering slip and someone comes to pick up the ordering slip and when the food is ready, someone delivers the food to your table.

i ordered a medium Pho Dac Biet ($6.75 plus tax) and a small order of cha gio which are deep fried spring rolls ($3.75 plus tax).

The pho was pretty good, definitely above average and authentic Vietnamese pho. Noodles were cooked right, quality of meat wasn't too good but the broth was pretty good even though it was slightly heavy handed with the msg. The deep fried spring rolls were decent, good filling but the outside could have been slightly crispier.

My rating is actually a 3.5 out of 5. The food is definitely above average and authentic Vietnamese food and the prices are really reasonable. In Toronto, there is a slew of Vietnamese restaurants that aren't too good but Pho Con Bo even though imo isn't one of the top Vietnamese restaurants, it's definitely better than most.笑
Forget the franchise chain Phó places.  This is probably as good as it gets in Toronto in terms of real authentic pho.  Is a small place and parking is a mess.  Yet we come back time and time again.笑
I eat pho, about 100 x a year.

I love pho. my Chinese friend says I don't actually have "pho" because I order 106 religiously from pho mi 99 and that has fishballs, and that's not real pho.

ANYWYS - I had the Pho Ga.  I don't know what to say. So good, I am speechless.

My close friend from the hood/that area, said lets go here, its his spot, and I owed him a farewell lunch.

I guess I have been just having sodium soup at Pho Mi 99 all this time.

This place was legit. Fresh. Hot. I need to stop going to chain pho places.  

Price point on par with Pho spots.笑
I'm sure for the bulk of you this place is pretty ok, but if you've been eating pho since you were in your momma's womb, then you'd think differently.

The service and vibe is pretty on par with the many Vietnamese restaurants scattered around the area, my biggest gripe with this place was the portion compared to the price point.

My go-to whenever I'm at these places is their vermicelli with grilled chicken, nem nuong (viet sausage), and spring rolls. This place was just a little pricier than my regular spots, which would've been acceptable had they have given me a reasonable portion! The chicken was dry, nem nuong was mediocre, and spring rolls were not crispy enough. Pretty disappointing. I had a sip of my parent's bowl of pho and the broth was slightly saltier too. Can you tell I'm not impressed?

Tons of better pho joints nearby that allow you skip this place, pho sho. (Def should stop with the puns huh?)笑
Wow, this place is pretty damn good. 

I got a large bowl of special beef noodles, and the broth was really tasty and the portions of meat were huge! Beef balls were really good, and the brisket too. 

Also ordered an avocado shake with condensed milk and it was so yummy. 

Decor and cleanliness was that of a typical pho restaurant.笑
They do their rice dishes really well. Whenever I order something else like pho or bun bo hue, I'm hugely disappointed and wonder why I never learn the first time. Only get the rice dishes! Their sinh to is a hit or miss. There are times when it's good and also times when it just tastes like ice. Like many standard Vietnamese restaurants, no one is going to ask you how was your day. It may come off as rude to some people, but that's just how pho restaurants are usually run. Service is quick and efficient. Write your order down, get your food, pay at the cash register.笑
Family of 4 dines for less than $40 (incl. tax and tip). Ordered 2 of the XL pho with rare beef ($6.75 ea) with 1 order of the pork rice ($6.50) Phenomenally delicious and what amazing value! You just don't see prices like these anymore. Just as good, if not muuuuuch better, when compared to the Ossington joints ($10-12 per bowl). What a treat!笑
I've been coming here for years, literally grew up with this place and it's still the #1 pho restaurant in my books. And you know it's authentic when it's located in a sketchy plaza and the restaurant is blasting Vietnamese music.

I always order their bun with grilled pork and spring rolls. But today I felt like pho. I ordered their pho with well done beef and beef tendons. The broth was flavourful, and had a good amount of beef and tendons. Their small is a good size for lunch and only costs around $5. 

Note* no customer service here. You write down your order and when you pay, you have to go up to the front.笑
Here's my most favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Toronto... everything is sooooo good,I used to have dinner there almost twice a week while I was living in that area.笑
The broth here is amazing the meat is a nice texture I love when you take get take out how they separate in bag it all the only problem is the meat comes frozen so when you put it in your boss when you get home its like ice cold so you always have to warm up to meet separately and reheat your bra overall they're pretty good unfortunately they only accept cash笑
The pho is phenomenal. I've eaten at my fair share of Vietnamese places in the city and this is top 3 for sure. The broth is well balanced, flavourful, and fresh. The noodles have excellent consistency, a good ratio to the broth and are perfectly cooked. No-frills type of atmosphere but that's reflected in the price. I've also tried some of the rice and meat dishes, equally good and present a great value. Definitely worth coming to try!笑
My fiance, friend and I felt like having pho after a rock climbing session at True North at around 9:30 but wasn't sure if it was still open. Boy were we happy to find that it was! It's open pretty late everyday. On the weekend, they open until midnight. 

The food:
This is one of the best pho places I've been to in Toronto.  The pho is very good. The broth is tasty and they give you a very good amount of noodles and beef. They don't put cilantro on it so that was a yay for me but a nay for my boyfriend. The spring rolls were crunchy and the durian shake was delicious. Even my boyfriend who isn't really partial to durian shakes found it so good that he ended up driving most of it. 

The place:
The place is like any average Asian joint. Let's just say the focus is on the food and not on anything else. lol

The service:
Service was prompt, and when I asked for extra limes and basil, the waitress wasn't stingy on it.

The verdict:
Definitely a place we would go again and again if it weren't kind of out of the way.笑
I was really crazing pho and was in the area, saw this place had a lot of good reviews. Decided to check it out, came here tonight (saturday) and it was packed! 

You can tell it is a popular place; even Toronto cops were there eating. 

This is the best pho in North York so far!笑
My parents first took me here years ago after they were introduced to this joint by a Vietnamese client, claiming it the best place for pho in Toronto. I have been coming back here for pho ever since, even tho it's a 30 minute drive from where I live. This place never seems to disappoint me.

I usually order the "Pho Dac Biet" (#42), hence the special, which is what I ordered today in medium. Everything is just very so fresh. I really appreciate the nice amount of meat. Also they give you lemongrass along with bean sprout and basil, not many places do. The soup is always to full of flavour, a little less MSG would be better but then it wouldn't be pho joint. 

I also ordered "Banh Cuon Dac Biet" (#14), which is a combination of steamed rice flour rolls, fried shrimp cake, sausage and ham. This is almost always ordered when I'm here with my parents as an appetizer even though it always gets brought out after the pho. I absolutely love the sour ham!!! Unfortunately they only have two pieces per order, so I have to fight with my parents for it sometimes. Which is why even if I'm here alone, I will still order it, and just take the leftovers home for a nice breakfast next morning. The deep fried shrimp cake that comes in the order will make you full, it's made of a green bean flour, and also has a large unpeeled shrimp in the middle, good protein for breakfast. The steamed rice flour roll and sausage are also nice and fresh. 

This place is definitely worth a try, just don't have such high hopes for the service. The ladies who work here are almost always wearing a stone cold face mask. And when I asked for a take out box,  she just walked away, leaving me wondering if she heard me or not, but two minutes later she brought me the box so I guess she did here me then. Another downside is the place is cash only.笑
Large pho dat biet was $8.50 after tax. 

Old style pho spot with retro decor. Food arrived quickly. Broth was a tad too salty for my taste and the quality of meat was below average. 

The prices are fair but very comparable with the better pho spots.笑
Great pho, vermicelli, rice, and drinks. Pretty consistent and satisfying, I continue to come back.笑
One of my favourite pho joints in the city. I've loved mostly everything I've ordered here including: pho, bun bo hue, avocado shake, lemonade soda, fresh rolls with grilled chicken笑
My new go-to Pho place in the North York area! The area itself is a little "interesting" but the food is totally worth it. I've been looking for a Pho place that had fresh noodles as opposed to a clumped together brick of noodles that you get at most Pho places. Spring rolls are also extra meaty the smoothies are made with real fruit. 

Parking is a little tricky to get into, you need to go through the back of the supermarket or you need to get in through the road south of the restaurant. 
There is also a banh mi store close by if want to get some sandwiches to go.

Take out is super quick too if you call 10 mins in advance, they have everything boxed and bagged ready to go when you arrive.笑
This place use to be good but not anymore. Their main dish is bad and the staff are rude to you and unwelcoming.笑
Large bowl of pho, which you can't wrong with. I come here every now and then and its one of my preferred pho spots. Not much else to say, but if you're in the north York area I would definitely go here. Classic hood spot.笑
Possibly my favourite pho place in the area so far. The broth is full of flavour. I haven't experienced a pho broth with such a full flavour as this place yet. Trust me it's great. I have sometimes received pho that has been slightly salty (IMO) but otherwise it has been very consistent. Location is a bit hidden from the street view but the pho is definitely worth the search.笑
By far the best Vietnamese Cusine place that serves the best Pho in North York. Friendly service and great cheap food. I recommend you to go here if you're looking for a cheap and fulfilling meal : )笑
My absolute favorite joint for pho! I lived in Montreal for 11 years and the best pho in Montreal simply does not compare to this place! The broth is perfect..just perfect. I only go here for pho though, I strongly recommend ordering anything else like bun bo hue or something. Anyways,  I like ordering the dac biet because it has everything it it from tripe, to beef balls, to  tendon etc. And I also usually order the viet coffee too. Cannot go wrong with this place if you have a pho craving. I also heard this place has the best pho in the city, and I have to agree....笑
So good! One of the best pho places I've been to and I go to a lot. Meat is generously proportioned. Service is fast too.笑
My favourite pho spot in Toronto, food never disappoints and fast service. Surprised they haven't franchised this place yet but glad the prices are reasonable.

Note: parking is easier to find/access through the back street and drive through the side of the building vs dealing with traffic at Wilson

Note II: Pay by cash only, go up to the front to pay at the cashier笑
I've been back here a couple of more times and the experience was a lot better than the first time.

FOOD
I had a typical pho with beef, tripe, and tendon.  This time I had a medium ($5.25) b/c I was super hungry and my eyes are bigger than my stomache.  And boy...the medium was significantly larger than the small.

They put SOO much beef that I had large pieces of beef still left by the end of my meal.  A great amount of green onion. Great tasting broth and fresh noodles. The sides were a fair amount.

From all the places I've been to so far, this place has the best avocado shakes ($3).  Creamy, tasty and very little reminents of crushed iced.

COST
Excellent as expected from a Pho place.  See prices above.

ENVIRONMENT
This place was actually packed on a Wednesday late lunch (1pm). We luckily had the last table available.  I would say this place has a least 13 tables of 4 people each.

WAITRESS
Same as usual.  Super speedy if you have the pho. The rice takes a tad longer but I mean, still relatively fast compared to other non-pho restaurants.

I will definitely come here again. But I will only eat the pho and drink the avocado shake.  (see previous review)笑
Hands down my favourite vietamese restaurant in toronto, definitely try their chicken wings and smoothies!笑
First time here. Definitely not the last. Great portions and great value for your money. Definitely recommend this place to other yelpers.笑
I went here with my parents for a late lunch recently.  The place was pretty full for a weekday afternoon.

My parents had #42 Pho Dac Biet (Special Pho, which contained rare beef, well done beef flank, brisket, soft tendons, tripe and meat balls).  My mom had the small ($5.50) and my dad had the large ($7).  My parents think this place has the best pho in the GTA.  

I am not a fan of pho, so I had the Beef Pad Thai ($7.50).  I know, I know, it's just asking for trouble to order Thai food at a Vietnamese restaurant, but it actually was pretty good.  It did not have that authentic Thai flavour, but it was very tasty.  The noodles were nicely done (not too mushy or too dry) and the flavour was tangy and sweet.  There was a lot of tamarind in the sauce.  It had a nice spicy kick to it.  They were very generous with the meat.  Lots of tender slices of beef.  There was also 3 large fried tofu puffs in the dish, along with onions, and some red and yellow peppers.  The dish usually comes with bean sprouts but I asked for none.  There was a small pile of iceberg lettuce on the side with a sprig of Vietnamese basil.  

Service is competent but not all that friendly.  Do not expect any smiles here or any warm greetings.  The pho bowls are really full to the brim.  The waitress spilled some broth in my tea and promptly removed my cup and replaced it with another one.  Service is speedy and they get the job done, but I would have liked it if they were a little nicer.

Decor is minimal.  Washrooms are not that clean.  

Lots of free parking.  It's across the street from Sheridan Mall.  It's in the same strip mall as Shopper's Drug Mart, TD Bank and Scotia Bank.笑
An authentic, simple and humble bowl of pho. 

This place reminds me of old days where you come in just to eat a good bowl of pho, nothing overcomplicated, nothing crazy fancy. 

The portion was very good for its price, I am surprised at the amount of beef they put in. The soup is delicious, noodles are well timed, beef is tasty. It can make any hungry man smile. 

If you are nearby, feeling hungry and cold, don't hesitate, come in and order up a bowl of pho without even looking at the menu, you will be happy very quickly.笑
Pho broth was flavorful, low sodium and nice and hot when it came out! We also ordered the noodle rolls with minced meat. 

Both were really good portions and hit the spot right for us. 

It was busy when we went in and true to viet restaurants we got our food super quick and easy.

Would definitively come back if I'm in the area again!笑
This is by far the best pho I've had. Once you walk in, you are rushed by the smell of viet food. When I'm there, I'm always trying to make the biggest decision; eat the pho, or the pork rice?.... in the end I always order both because it's that amazing. 

Must order the coffee also. Price is reasonable, food amazing, but don't expect much service or deco. 

5 stars for food
2 stars decor
4 star service( almost none existence. You write the number and food comes. Pay at the counter. But I honestly prefer this since it's fast and efficient, especially at a pho place)笑
first time trying the soup here, and I must say it was great!. Fast friendly and reasonable prices. I recommend it , and will definitely go back.笑
Very limited parking in this dingy plaza...upon entering this place we were not greeted by anyone at all, the cashier didn't even bother saying a single word, Infact the entire time at this place the only word that was spoken to us by the cashier and waitress combined is $15.50.....there goes their tip and customer service, we decided to just seat ourselves where a table had menus on it, the waitress didn't give us tea and ordering slip til 10mins later....typically pho place that's very cheap like $7 a dish depending on what you order

The whole entire time I didn't hear a single word from the waitress and she looked so pissed off, didn't break a smile but oh well
Mediocre food, nothing special and honestly I've tasted better bun and com dishes elsewhere笑
My favourite place to go for Pho in the Downsview/North York area - hands down! Been going here for years with my parents. Food is always consistently good and really worth your money.笑
I ordered a rare beef rice noodle soup for pick up. When I got home I realized that they literally gave me frozen beef. Not rare beef, FROZEN. I thought maybe I had to let it cook in the broth but that wasn't the case. It was red and had blood on it still. Aside from the terrible food, they have horrible service. Upon arriving, the people that work there looked annoyed. I don't reccomend this place to anybody. I recommend every Vietnamese restaurant besides this place. You will be wasting your money. If they do get your food right, the service isn't worth it. If I could give this place -5 stars I would. I could have been in the emergency room if I ended up eating the food so I'm never ever ever going back here.笑
Typical example of Do Not Judge a Book By Its Cover. 
The outside looks kind of sketchy, but once you go inside you will not regret it 

The service is fast and friendly. My table of 3 ordered large bowls of Pho and possibly the tastiest spring rolls I have ever tasted. 

The pho was divine and plentiful, we simply could not finish it all. The server was quick to provide us with containers to take the leftovers home. 

I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a good bowl of pho笑
I come here fairly often if i can't make it to my regular pho place. But when I'm introducing someone to regular pho for the first time i usually bring them to this place. The service is always quick and the staff are fluent in English Vietnamese and Cantonese. I remember my mom used drop me off here when i was a kid and i would order and eat within the time it took my mom to pick up some groceries at the place beside. I personally prefer eating their vermicelli dishes over the pho but regardless of what you order; 90% of the time you will not be disappointed.笑
I go here a few times a month to grab lunch with my pops.  The food is good but I've had better at other places. I usually order the Pho because that is my fav!!! Like I said I have had better but this is still a solid Pho resto.  I'm just spoiled by my moms Pho so I'm biased hahaha.笑
According to my Vietnamese friend, this is one of the best Pho place in Toronto. Located in a non-descript strip mall at Jane & Wilson, the interior is neat and tidy but otherwise feel pretty cheap.

I ordered pho, and it came way above expectation. The soup base was excellent, the meat was tender and the accompanying vegetables add greatly to the flavour of the soup (my friend told me the those greens are the secret to most Vietnamese dishes, so don't ditch them).

Service is just ok. The server handed us the order sheet, we filled it and she collected it. There was no other interaction until we called for the bill. I find this typical for all Vietnamese resto--it's adequate given their price range.笑
Spouse and I both went there for breakfast this morning.  Felt like a bowl of comforting pho to start the day.  HUGE pieces of LEAN chicken, clean Thai basil and Vietnamese greens, (including bean sprouts), and the tables and condiments are always clean.

We had not been there for a while and we got a warm welcome.  They are really nice here.  Hardworking, polite, nice people who run a solid restaurant.  My cafe da was strong, yet smooth and went down nicely ... mmmmm.

Soup was slightly salty, but we devoured the noodles (cooked perfectly), the soft, luscious chicken and other vegetables.  I think they have regulars who go there all the time.  Nice place - welcoming feeling like you're eating pho with friends at home.笑
Only place in Toronto I have tried Pho, but compared to the local places in D.C. it's pretty much average.笑
The staff were awful literally looked bored and not interested in their job. Place was unappealing. My pho was alright nothing bad to say at all but it wasn't good. It was whatever. I wouldn't come back or recommend it.笑
My favourite pho place. 
I usually get either:
- Vermicelli with grilled beef, grilled pork and grilled chicken 
Or 
- The regular beef pho.

Once in a while I'll be a bit more adventurous and try something else from the menu.  Haven't been disappointed yet.

Have been going here for years.笑
Great Pho for the price in an area that I wasn't expecting it!