Kinda skidsville supreme.  Patio is OK though.  I'd try going up the road instead.笑
Fantastic food at amazing prices, daily specials Indo and English pub style chioices. I eat here about 3 times a week seasonally. Never overly busy. A T.O. best kept secret to be sure. Curry Chicken, Fresh Breaded fish and chips with amazing slaw as well as rose shimp penne are just a few perfectly executed dishes by South Asian chefs who know how. 

Pubby atmosphere with extremly fresh and seasonaly balanced tastes. Sports on screens.笑
Food was pretty lousy. Club sandwich had no flavor.   No mayo on it.   No salt.   No pepper.   No seasoning.   I wouldn't recommend it for the food.

It was also cold, heat was turned off.   The bathrooms, in the basement, were ice cold, no heat ever.  No hot water either, and there's no excuse for either!  It's a deliberate choice being made.笑
We went here Friday night  kinda late because the place we were going to was closed. The place wasn't busy which was fine with us. The wings and jalapeno poppers were fantastic and they have really good specials (28$ for 2 lb of wings and a pitcher) Our server was great and super friendly. The only thing that kept me from going in before is that there are sometimes sketchy, drunk looking people in there when I walk by, but that's just Lakeshore/ Brownsline for ya. Overall a great place, I expect that this will become a pretty busy restaurant after the grand opening.笑
I've been living in this neighbourhood for 5 years now and it's changed quite a bit. A lot of seniors are moving out to downsize and young families are moving in. This spot used to be the old Rose and Thorne bar, and now it's the new South Shore Bar and Grill. It opened on Wednesday and we went today with the kids. Although it's more of a bar still, they have a kid's menu and kids eat free on Sundays!!

The food was VERY GOOD. I was surprised, to be honest with you. We ordered the Saturday Ribs n Wings special, nachos and kid's chicken fingers & fries. The ribs were meaty and tender - very good, in my opinion. The wings were good to very good and the chicken fingers and nachos were very good. Fries were very good also. The restaurant gave us dessert on the house, to our surprise. A banana and chocolate type of cake with whipped cream and strawberries.

All in all, I would say the food was very good. The ambiance - a bit too dark for kids, and there was a lot of open space (I would suggest adding more tables or possibly booths). The prices are very reasonable - total cost to us was $32 plus tax and the portions were large (especially the kid's - for only $6 we got chicken fingers, fries and drink).

We will definitely be back and I'm hoping more people give this place a shot!