Food was typical Chili's which is what you expect when you go there, but terrible service, sat at the bar and the bartender was never behind the bar the entire time we had lunch. Never refilled out tea and had to ask for a beer. Then had to flag someone for our check. Restaurant had a horrible cleaned my smell as well. Choose someplace different, Chili's just isn't the same for a quick bite and a beer.Ǿ
Arrived and waited for 10 minutes before I grabbed a menu and asked an employee if the guests were supposed to seat themselves.. He responded "You can" and walked by with out furthering assisting me.Ǿ
If I could give this location 0 stars I would! Worst service ever! It took 20 minutes for us to even get drinks....which were soda and water. The servers standing around talking and they weren't that busy. If you are thinking of choosing this Chili's...I would suggest going somewhere else! I will never come here againǾ
We stopped here to eat and spend some time before we had to check into our hotel room after a 3 hour drive. At first we were kinda wondering about the place because of a slightly funky smell in the air, but decided to stay.

Our waitress seemed really hurried and didn't stop for more than 10 seconds to talk to us, often speaking AS she walked past our table, half the time we didn't hear what she said. We ended up ordering our meal from a different waiter.   

We ordered Monterey Chicken, which came with mashed potatoes and broccoli. The Chicken and mashed potatoes were all yummy and perfect, but the broccoli wasn't nearly as good. They looked old, browning and we ended up not eating any of it once we noticed it.Ǿ
Worst service I have ever had two visits in a row. Service has always been around a 2/3 out if 5...the last two times I went I'd give then a 1 and only because our food actually came out. Our waiter was awful. Had to track down another server twice for drink refills and our check. Rude employees. Will not be back to that location!Ǿ
Location is good.  Surrounded by at least 6 hotels and an easy walk for guests
Decor is the same as any other chili's.  Fairly busy the night I stopped in, bit it was after the dinner rush.  Server forgot to ask of I wanted a glass of water.  The salads are good.  Try the Caribbean salad.  First time for me and will definitely order it again. As I was eating, the server placed the check on the end of the table, as if that was a clue.  Did mot ask me of I wanted another drink or care for something else.  Service in  this franchises/ chain needs work.  Better service, better tips, increase revenue. Restaurant was clean and the food served promptly.