Man, I'm not sure why came back here. It continues to be run poorly and the quality has suffered. Another disappointed customer.Ǿ
Came here Saturday 8/23 around 6:20pm.  One other family was in the lobby so it wasn't busy.  Waited at the counter for about five minutes before being acknowledged.  We could hear the employees talking and laughing in the back.  The reason an employee finally came up was due to another customer at the receiving end of the counter, that complained about waiting for his order. Which they admitted to him was accidentally deleted.  We finally got our order in.  Went to get drinks and the floor mat and surrounding area were sticky.   After getting our food and eating, more customers came in and dealt with the sticky floor problem.  During our visit, two employees walked over it without a care in the world.  We saw one lady's flip
 flop come off of her foot because it was stuck on the floor.  Saw another customer complain about not getting their order in a timely manner.  Same problem as the earlier guy, deleted order!  Our food was fine, but the customer service and dining area were terrible.  I've been there many times in the past and I have never seen it this poorly maintained.  We will not be visiting this one again for quite some time.  Hopefully, they will get a manager and employees that have some pride in their job and in maintaining their establishment.Ǿ
Hit the drive thru here with my husband about a month ago and came down with an awful round of food poisoning. Stay away from this Taco Bell like the plague.Ǿ
Well I hate to write this but I have to. Went to the drive through and ordered several tacos and a 1 piece fish and 2 planks dinner. We were told to pull to the lot and they would bring out our food...15 minutes later we get the food and the man says it was just made nice and hot, I thanked him and drove home. We sat down to eat and my chicken was Raw, and yes I bit into it, Yuk!!! The other piece was cooked but I was so taken back completely lost my appetite! Now mind you I waited 15 minutes for this raw chicken! I drove back and asked to speak with the mgr. she was so nonchalant,  I brought it with me clearly pink inside not a big deal I guess. I said would you please take this and show it to the cook you really don't want to serve raw poultry. She said ok. I mean come on act concerned a little at least? She wrote my name in a book for a free meal (fish only)! but what concerns me was her attitude. I used to own a restaurant and that is the last thing you want to have happen to a customer! I didn't drive all the way back for free fish! I thought I would get a thank you for bringing this to our attention and we will make an effort that it doesn't happen again or something? Oh my what's wrong with people...is that my stomach gurgling???Ǿ
Those guys that work the drive thru are so amazing! Fast quick and super friendly!! And th food is always fresh keep up the great work!Ǿ
This Taco Bell is hit or miss. I LOVE Taco Bell and this is the only location I have ever not enjoyed. It seems that the afternoon/evening shift is the best time to go but still, it's hit and miss for me. They often forget my sauce packets, the 7 layer burrito is more often than not 2 layers of just guac and sour cream with a tiny bit of beans, the bean burritos almost never have cheese. It is very close to where I live so I have gone multiple times and will probably go again many times but it's not my favorite Taco Bell.Ǿ
I come to this taco bell 3 to 4 times a week and I have to say the ladies and gentleman in the drive thru are always extremely polite. I have not encountered a rude person when I have come here. Keep up the good work and I will see you soon.Ǿ
Worst fast food experience ever! 
1. The drive thru took 25 minutes! That isn't fast food!
2.  We ordered no sour cream on anything... Everything had sour cream on it.
3.  We ordered 10 total items including 2 big BOX meals. ALL 10 items were stuffed into 1 small bag with all the sauce packets and napkins.  Everything was squished, soggy and cracked.  Why is it advertised as box, yet they put it all into a tiny bag? 

We won't be going back to this location.  It was a waste of $18.Ǿ
Drive thru is really all I use on the way to work, so I can't comment on the dining area. However the drive thru is always speedy and gets my order correct every time. Almost every person has a really great and friendly attitude at the window. Some of them have even recognized me and asked how I've been. This to me, is good service especially given the number of people they see each day. Love the country a.m. crunch wrap and steak scrambler to start the day.Ǿ
The only reason this place is getting a star is because I have no choice.. and the kid at the counter was very nice. However.. my tacos were dripping wet and soggy.. the people in the back looked as if they hated life and talked as if one another were stupid. Then.. now call me picky if you may, but when I go to get my food.. nothing. No thank you or have a good day.. just "plop, here's your soggy tacos." I know good customer service.. and that was not. Minus the poor guy at the register.Ǿ
Friendly greeting but really gross condiment stations. No "sporks"? Hmmm. My enchirito was great; really cheesy, good amount of sauce. My soft taco supreme was filled with meat and vegetables; very filling. Good experience overall!Ǿ
My Wife and I went to this restaurant about a week ago and were treated very poorly. When I complained to their website, I received no response. We have a choice, and if Taco Bell cares nothing about their customers, we will never go to Taco Bell again. We have a Dell Taco closer to our house anyways.Ǿ
Felicia G was very pleasant and a big smile. Fast food is a stressful and thankless job. Great to see such a positive attitude and a smile. People do notice.Ǿ
This Taco Bell/Long John Silvers is awesome! My coworkers and I frequent this location pretty often and we always get good service, our food is made quickly, and the workers here are nice. I'd have to say this is probably the cleanest Taco Bell I've ever been to. If I'm going to eat food that's kinda bad for me, I'd at least like to have a pleasant experience doing so...Ǿ
Its Taco bell with long john silvers... its pretty nice staff is nice and quick... pretty clean...Ǿ
I walked into this Taco Bell and was received without any greeting and had to ask to make an order, a young inexperienced teenager attempts to take my order and getting it wrong 3 times with help from a fellow co-worker. I tried to make payment by using a hundred dollar bill and it took 2 workers and the young man taking my order to ask a manager for change. The manger sends the young men out to tell me if I can pay with a debit card or other small bill. I told them I did not have any small bills and I was told they wouldn't be able to serve me. 
    All I can say is WOW! Never have I been treated so badly at a Taco Bell. Might have to try Del-Taco now. This was the Taco Bell/ Long John Silvers close to 59th Ave and Bell Rd.Ǿ
Juan g was the clerk who took our order. He was very friendly. I never write reviews for fast food but he was so nice and helpful I could not let him go unnoticed. He was very professional and for fast food that can be hard to find. He was kind even when customers where not so kind. So thank you Juan G for being so kind.