Pulled pork over rice with compelling seasoned tater tots (rosemary & garlic).  Gutsy sauce was utterly unique!  Darryl King prepared it hot and packaged it with style for takeaway service.Ǿ
just showed up at my office complex in Tempe - I like to support local independent businesses, so I had the gorilla po-boy; 1/2 of a pot roast sandwich, and 1/2 of a pulled pork sandwich; with tots for $9.  Really good food. Pot roast was juicy and tender and delicious taste, and so was the pulled pork.  and the dill pickle soaked in kool-aid was a treat.
good food and a good deal.Ǿ
Taste Rite, tastes right! 

Before showing up at my work today, I had not heard of Taste Rite food truck. Man, I'm so glad they showed up! I love a Po'Boy and they do it right! 

There are a number of things to choose from on their menu, and they also have secret ordering codes for special Po'Boys. 

I chose to stick with the regular menu. I had "The Blazing Pig" - a pulled pork and hotlink po'boy that has slaw and a spicy sauce. It comes with your choice of garlic tater tots or green chili mac 'n cheese. I chose the tots, and also opted for a side of the mac 'n cheese. The total bill was $12. 

Best $12 ever! The po'boy was very tasty and a little spicy, which I love. The tots were nice and hot and had a garlic seasoning sprinkled on them. The mac 'n cheese did not disappoint! It was nice and creamy, with plenty of green chilis and the pasta was cooked just right! 

To top it all off, you get Koolickles (Kool-Aid soaked dill pickles) to enjoy. I'd never had them, and they are interesting - in a good way. Sweet and sour. 

The gentlemen running the truck were extremely nice and the wait time was very minimal. 

I hope they come back here - I'll definitely be looking forward to it!Ǿ
i'm no 'cue expert, but I like food, so I'll toss in my two cents. I had the rib tips (a special) last night. They were dry and a little overcooked, yet still miraculously tender. They were sauced to perfection - not glopping off with every bite, but yet a good counterpoint to the dryness of the meat itself. I ate every last bite with enthusiasm. The sauce was sweet and tangy and dark and everything I want from barbecue sauce - again, perfect with the meat. 

The special came with a side of rosemary tater tots, which were fantastic. I accidentally dropped one into the paper container holding the remainder of the ribs, and let's just say it was a happy accident - the sauce and the tots got along just fine. Dipping a rosemary-flavored tater tot into delicious BBQ sauce - it's just like I invented Silly Putty up in here! 

Anyway I was filled and very pleased with my meal for $6.50 - I can't wait to try the pulled pork, but from what I could see the different specials looked pretty amazing... So who knows what I'll order (and from that, concoct!) upon my next visit.

@ritewaycatering on the twitters, by the wayǾ
Mac and cheese was like the box of Kraft Mac n cheese with green chili.. yuck! The ponderosa sandwich was dry and left much to be desired. $10 wastedǾ
I stopped in one Wednesday evening while they were at the Downtown Phoenix Public Market. I strayed from Short Leash inorder to spread the wealthand try something new.  Their menu featured a spicy sausage sandwich,  a Caribbean pork sandwich, a pulled pork sandwich and probably another sandwich or 3 I failed to mention.  
The wonderful aroma of smokey goodness filled the air while I waited my turn to order.  Deciding on the pulled pork sandwich, to go, it only took a few minutes to prepare the order.  

The sandwich was served on a very sturdy roll that stood up to the sauce on the generous portion of pork.  On top of the pork just enough coleslaw and the top bun of course.  The price of the sandwich includes a bag of chips, a wet nap and a peppermint patty for dessert.  

The pork was nicely smoked and not overly sauced, the slaw did not overwhelm. The bread...couldn't tell if it was purposely toasted to the point of slighty dry in order to accommodate the sauce or if it was just dry. I'll. consider it the former. 

They were also at the Friday Mobile Food Court and I saw several people with their sausage sandwich. It looked so good, definitely next on my list to try here.Ǿ
Havana-Cristo, Green Chili Mac n' Cheese, and Koolickles...yum.Ǿ
I ate there last week for the first time &had the pulled pork sandwich.  The pork was a bit dry, had an ok smokey taste and the BBQ sauce was sweet and tangy.  The bread was just your average tasting roll which I wasn't to fond of. Maybe a better bread choice and a more tender pork would have made it a better experience.  If you want an ok pulled pork sandwich then you can't to wrong but this isn't the best I had and that's why I give this 3 stars.Ǿ
grabbed a few things from this truck over the weekend.  The pulled pork and sausage sub was awesome.  the pork fell apart and the sausage was REALLY spicy which i loved (although my stomach didn't later).  We also got the pot roast sandwich and that was so tasty and good also.  the green chilli mac and cheese was awesome and so was the garlic tots.  I also got some "koolaid soaked pickles", and that was really strange and am still not sure what i think, but i had to try it :)

overall the food was good and wouldn't mind trying other itemsǾ
REVISED REVIEW:  TRY THE KOREAN PORK SANDWICH....OMG...AMAZING!!

Pulled pork sandwich with a spicy cole slaw...enough said.  It's so freaking amazing and the bread it comes on is local and delicious.  The owner is very friendly and we have always made sure to go back and try other things.  They also have a really good caribbean beef sandwich too.  $7.50 for a sandwich tots and a pc of candy to end.  Its def worth it.Ǿ
Stopped by for Whole Foods Food Truck Thursday in Scottsdale, and tried their jerk chicken bowl special.  Jerked chicken was perfectly cooked, great smoky flavor, tender, and accompanied with a not so tangy sauce.  Worked well with the coconut rice.  The candied jalapenos definitely kicked it up a notch.  Potato tots were okay, but i'm not a huge tater tot fan to begin with.  Service was quick and friendly.  Will definitely try the po boys next time!Ǿ
You had me and lost me at rosemary & garlic tater tots. This was the item that made me choose this food truck over all the others. But, once served, they violated my cardinal rule of tater tots - they were not crisp. These were the mushy baked tater tots from elementary school lunch days.

My pork sandwich was good - good quality meat prepared well. The sandwich needed a bit more sauce.

Loved that the food was served on a cute little plastic tray, this certainly made it all easier to handle.Ǿ
Best food truck ever! The gorilla was my favorite, but now the caliente is! It's got a little kick if you like spice! The tots are great as well. I always look forward to going here for a good sandwich and Darryl, the owner, will remember you! He is funny and friendly! I always choose this food truck at the festivals!Ǿ
Riteway is usually at the Thursday Food Trucks on Raintree. I recently tried a sausage po'boy with garlic potato tots. I was pretty disappointed. Overall, there was way too much hoagie roll; I had to pick the bun apart just to get to the sausage. While doing this, the sauce came out everywhere and was a huge mess. Overall, the flavor was okay. I'm not sure if it needed less sauce or more toppings or what. The garlic tots were not as amazing as everyone seems to think either. They tasted like frozen tots tossed with some garlic. I wish there was more depth to them, but definitely wasn't. Also, they were soft and not crispy. Big no-no in my book. Overall, I wish it was better.Ǿ
You had me at Po' Boy...Since my parents moved to St. Louis I learned of the amazingness that is the Po' Boy sandwich and to find a gourmet one in Phoenix is awesome.

I really stumbled upon them from the 4 Peaks facebook page (it's important for me to have my beer 411) saying that they would be at the new tap room. It got late and I got hungry and my desire to cook was far outweighed by my desire for the half pot roast half pulled pork special I saw advertised on facebook. The mention of rosemary and garlic tots sealed the deal and off I went towards the tap room.

As I approached I was handed a printed "secret menu" but I had already seen it online and seen and made up my mind and ordered. As I waited I chatted with the guy who I think is the owner on everything from the craft beer industry to my job search, he even gave me a tip of where to look for a position. 5 minutes later I had my Po' Boy and home I went.

The flavors were spot on for a bbq Po' Boy. The pot roast was perfectly fall apart in our mouth tender and the pork was nice and juicy with a nice smokey taste and there was plenty of both on there. And I am not normally a fan of slaw but the zesty slaw was awesome. The tots were far from your old school cafeteria tots they packed a rosemary punch and a garlic kick and were nice and crispy even after being in the sealed container for 10 minutes seaming up.

For the price you aren't going to beat it.

Hopefully I can track these guys down again and try some of their other creations. Ask for  the secret menu it has some killer combos.