Awesome service!  Raul was great!  We always enjoy smashburger. Clean facility and great service.笑
UHG - this makes me so sad. I really don't like giving 2 stars but unfortunately this experience warranted them.

This Smash Burger is new to the neighborhood and my grandma wanted to give it a whirl for her Birthday lunch! I picked it up to take to her house because she doesn't like going out in this heat. I ordered two of their signature burgers with all the fixins' and one had no bun {just wrapped in lettuce} and a large fry.

I waited about 15 minutes for the to-go order and as I left I had a weird feeling that something was not right so when I got to my car, I checked everything out. My grandma's burger was SO saucy and somewhat soggy {they literally JUST made it!}, and my burger wrapped in lettuce was cold and had zero veggies or sauce on it - just the patty, cheese, and lettuce. The fries were also cold - like real cold. I'm SO happy that I checked! I went back in, waited another 5 minutes for them to add the veggies and sauce to mine and left. I didn't complain about grandma's soggy burger or the cold fries because I was hungry and didn't want to wait any longer. 

Anywho, our experience here was VERY underwhelming and i'm so glad that my gut was right and I checked in the car because I would have been so bummed if I had gotten all the way to grandma's and discovered this. I would absolutely choose In-N-Out ANY day not only because their food is fast, hot, and fresh and the service is friendly but it is also half the price. We won't be back here!笑
Everyone at smash burger was very friendly. They greeted me properly and promptly took my order. The food was not what I ordered along with being very well done.笑
Holy smokes, someone must have spilled the entire Costco size salt shaker on our burgers! Don't get me wrong I am a fan of salt...a big fan in fact, but these burgers were inedible. 

We have been wanting to try the new smashburger joint in our hood and were excited when we finally got the chance to put in our order for a couple big burgers with cheese, onions, lettuce, and bacon as well as an order of fries and onion strings. The kid who took our order was friendly but kept forgetting our order, so we had to correct it a few times (no big deal though). It was only about 5 minutes and our order was up and correct! The burgers looked appetizing but when we bit into them the salt was overwhelming. I took the bacon off of mine to try to redeem my burger, but it was no help. The onion strings were solid, but the fries were bland and too thin to even enjoy if they did have taste. 

We were disappointed with our smashburger experience, maybe if there is a next time it will be better...笑
Delicious!  I always get the kids smash meal.  Perfect size for those of us trying to keep our girlish figures!

Mouth watering for the fries... I have to stop now.....笑
First time here and everything is great i didnt have the salty problem everyone else has mentioned.  Service was excellent and for anyone looking to try this place out they have menus now.  Maybe everyone else came to soon cut them a bit of slack they havent been open very long.  As someone who works in a kitchen i know mistakes are made but they will be fixed. Great food nice atmosphere will be back soon.笑
I agree with the previous reviews, very heavy on the Salt, and whatever other spices they are putting in the meat (a lot of pepper too)but mostly the salt. I could hardly taste the meat. I ate at Several other Smashburgers and they were good, I would have remembered if they were anything like this. Whoever is mixing the meat and spices at this location is doing something wrong. I did get my food fast and the place was spotless.笑
This location is new to our neighborhood. My husband & I hadn't been to any Smash Burger before so we decided to give it a try. The restaurant was nice & clean. You place your order & pay at the counter. We asked for printed menus but they hadn't got any yet so we stood at the counter reading the menu up on the wall behind the cashiers so they could look up our nostrils while we mulled over all they offered. They were patient & helpful just the same. There are plenty of options for your sandwich, ground beef, blackbean or chicken, several kinds of rolls, several types of cheeses & a nice variety of toppings including grilled or fresh onion, iceberg or spinach. 
Then it's off to find a table & draw your own soft drinks. I was happy to find the tea is fresh brewed.
 The meals are delivered as they are ready, I ordered first so my burger was delivered first. My husbands came soon afterwards. The fries & burgers were hot & the toppings fresh & generous. Even the jalapeños are fresh not pickled. 
So how did the burgers taste? Salty. The burgers had, we think, a seasoning mixture with plenty of salt on them. The fries were cut with the skins still on but we're a very thin shoestring cut. That's okay for some folks I suppose, but I do like fatter fries.